NEWS AND NOTES. Cholera in paris continues to increase. 107 deaths occurred on wednesday, and 271 cases wera in the various hospitals.-The supple mentary estimstes submitted to the House of .Commons «i;.Wednesd->y amount to over two i'mlHional £{,333,000 is. devote i to tho military /anti naVal forooß acting in Egypt; and £750,000 itftjhe force n'ovrpn its way to Bechuanaland. Perry, obligingly informants that he addraiised .the Railways Com missioners by£ telegram; yesterday morning, re garding the railwav gates at Lydiard.street, and received the following reply:—“ Vour request id reference to gates, level crossing, complied with.' Orders issued .to stop, works pending further enquiry. Signed, — P. P. LABBUTOUQaE.” With regard to the remark which appeared in -the report published in The Shir of yesterday, touching the'conference . which took place in reference to assisting the ‘Lord'Harry to pump the water, to the effect that the Seven Hills Estate Company had not replied :to the letter sent them on the subject, the manager informs us that the letter, addressed to the board of that company, was only received by him on the day of the meeting, and as the directors do not meet till Saturday next no action could bs taken on the letter till that day. Moreover, the. manager informs us that he bad no intimation whatever that a meeting was to take place. . i A-man who at one time in this colony hold a high position, yesterday applied to the Town Bench for an order to empower a pawnbroker to restore to him certain family ,heirlooms which his wife had pledged. The unfortunate appli cant was James Huie, C. 8., a man who is now a wreck of his former self. Fate has, indeed, dealt hard with poor Huie since the days when, as the secretary and engineer to a flourishing shire council in the Geelong district, he .was a picture of health and happiness, a courteous and obliging gentleman, and an officer respected by all. Very few British university graduates possess more ability in ; certain branches of engineering than James Buie, and when those elsewhere who knew, him .in the days of. yore' hear of bis straitened ciroumstnncas, they will, no doubt, express regret for-the bad luck ex perienced by their genial acquaintance., \ Mr M’Coll is not only, serious, but terribly ’earnest. The great " canawl” is not sufficient to use. up bis''energies and now he looks New. Guinea-ward, and craves more. land. He is not satisfied with the atrip annexed by the British Government, but would have Sir Service to order Captain Fullartou to proceed thither in one of -bur war stesmers and take possession of tbs north-east portion also for Victoria, and ha would accompany tbs expedition. Mr Service, however, appears to bb '.'case-hardened,' for hot only ' did bo refuse tho tempting request,' biit failed in his usual courtesy in ■ bis reply-v No doubt Mr Service-would like the additional ter ritory, but then he -knew that were he to en courage the expedition, and so lose M‘Coll, with his bright ‘ flashes of wit and wisdom) from the House, tho, position of the Ministry would bp endangered, for what could or would the As sembly do without its -MlColl. If Mr M‘Coll had not intimated b’s desire to proceed thither be might have wheedled the Premier into com pliance, but the latter know that the many rivers of New Guinea would be too much and too tempting to the M’Coll, and that, once there, Victoria and Victoria’s Parliament would stand a poor chance of seeing him again. Happily, Mr Service saw the peril, and so averted-the calamity. The reduction of fires conceded by the Rail way Department to students attending the Bal larat School of Mines, and residing in places distant from Ballarat, will come into force' to day. The concession will have the effect of con siderably increasing the master roll of the school; and we are glad to learn that a number ,of applications have already been. received from Lethbridge and other places from persons anxious to avail themselves of the advantages to be derived from the institution. Last evening Mr John Davey, president of tho Bali-irat Miners’ Association, afforded us an op portunity of inspecting the new blasting powder manufactured by a mining manager at Sand hurst, and intended to t ike the place of dyna mite. A sketch of the explosive in question was published iu The Star of yesterday. Mr Davey will be happy to let anyone who calls at the a-sociation rooms eee a sample of this new blasting powder, and will also give any informa tion necessary on the subject. .We learn that the trials already made with- this explosive have been highly satisfactory. The usual monthly meeting of the Ballara*' Licensed Victuallers’Association was held yester day afternoon at Craig’s hotel, there being pre sent Mr Irwin (in the chair), Messrs S. K. Brabner, R Haver, W. Bentley, W. Hudson, J. Evans, J. Myles, P. Day, J. Noonan, and H. G. Warren. The following were elected members of the association, viz., Mr A. G. Harken, of the Athletic Club hotel ; and Mr Gargan, of the Golden Fleece hotel, Main road. The accounts for the month amounting to £lolos, were passed for payment, and, after a few other items had been disposed of, a vote of thanks was passed to the chairman and the meeting closed. At the meeting of the Ballarat Licensed Vic tuallers’ Association yesterday, Mr Hither, the treasurer, congratulated the members upon the healthy state of the finances. He pointed out that to date the association bad a credit balance at the bank of over £l5O. This sum, it may to added, will shortly, by annual subscriptions now due, be considerably increased. A letter has just been received from a young gentleman,- an old resident of this oily, but at present filling an appointment in the Northern Territory, in which it is stated that old Bal lar- tites are to he met with almost everywhere in New South Wales and Queensland. Lyeil, the celebrated pedestrian (walker), is now carry ing on business as a saduler, at Hungerford, in Queensland, The B illarat Refuge building, in Grant street, and the land in Chancery lane, near Craig’s hotel, were not sold yesterday, Messrs James O ldie and Cos. are, however, prepared to trort with buyers privately. Several enquiries have been made for the land in Chancery lane. . The funeral of the late Miss Walsh, daughter of Mrs Patrick Walsbe, of Clark’s Hill, Bun garee, which took place yesterday, was largely attended. Exclusive of the hearse and three mourning coaches there were 109 vehicles in- the cortege, besides 63 horsemen. The remains were interred in the Ballarat New Cemetery, and the service of the Roman Catholic Church was read at the grave. Mr Wellington had charge of the funeral arrangements. At the Town Court yesterday, before the mayor, Messrs Fitzgerald and Ferguson, J’e.P., five persons were charged with drunkenness. Daniel Canny was fined 10s for being drunk while in charge of a horse and dray: and a low looking fellow, namnd Richard Speed, was mulct in a penalty of 40s for assaulting Con stable Porter, 40s for using insulting words, and 5s for drunkenness; in default distress, in de fault 30 days’ imprisonment. Wh-m arrested on Wednesday Speed was furious, but yesterday iu court he appeared to be astimil as a mouse. —Agnes Ferguson, charged with robbing James Williams of a purse containing 18 sovereigns, was next placed at the bar. Mr Gaunt ap peared for the defence. There was no evidence to support tho charge, and tho woman was allowed to go free.—James Huie, a man who at one time held a good position ta Vic toria, applied to the bench for an order to empower Mr Hamburger, tho pawn broker, to restore to him certain articles pledged by his (Huie’s) wife. Mr Gaunt who appeared for Mr Hamburger, said that his client was quite willing to band over the articles if the amounts due on them were paid. It was necessary that an order should be given by the bench as Huie was not in possession of the tickets.—Request complied with. Henry Martin proceeded against John Henry Casey for the alleged detention of a horse. Mr Gaunt appeared for the defendant. It seemed that the horse had been sold to Casey by Mrs Martin during the time her husband (the plaintiff) was a patient in the Ararat Lunatic Asylum. Plain tiff contended that the horse had 1)060 disposed of without his authority or knowledge. Mr Gaunt submitted that Martin was at the time of the transaction a lunatic, and bis wife was, .therefore, legally empowered ta aot as his agont. Her action bad been brought about by necessity, and not with a.desire ta part with tbs property in an improper manner.—Cass dis missed, with £1 Is costs, A few debt cases and a truancy oase haring been disposed of the court adjourned. Attention is invited to notice in another column of the lecture to be given this evening in St, John’s schoolroom, Soldiers Hill, by the Rev. Canon Potter, of Melbourne,; on “The forth coming Revision of the .Authorised Version of the , 0;d Testament.” As the ~ revised version wilj soon bo published, Canon Potter’s subject is one of special interest, and will be handled by him in a popular as Well as able manner. The lad A’exaoder Glover, arrested by Con stable, Stallard on Wednesday evening, .made bis appearance at the City. Police Court yesterday morning, on of stealing two brass bearings, value £2; the - property of Mr H, Costin, machinery merchant. Another, boy, named George Holland) who was arrested by the same officer-yesterday. morning, was also charged . with stealing; one brass bearing, value 15s, from, the same place, -The presiding magis trate, -Mr Edwards,"J.P.) remanded both lads until this morning, bail being allowed in sure ties of £lO each. The Cariahrook and Majorca branch of the Amalgamated Miners’ Association! have post poned their anniversary till next February, when it is intended to hold local sports instead of an excursion to Ballarat, as was previously agreed : io. , ■ -....' . -The secretary-‘of ;the Ballarat Fire Brigade desires to acknowledge with thanks the receipt of £5 5s from tho National Insurance Company, per Mr Henry H. Peake, local secretary. An oil painting of Mr W; Osborne’s horse Mormon is on view at the shop of. Mr Barrett, Sturt street.;.lt is the .production of MrW. Muggridge. upon whom the painting reflects considerable credit. " The proposal to amalgamate the newly-formed Ballarat-Caledonian Society and the Ballarat and Buninyong United .Caledonian Society, was dealt with by the former committee on Wednes day evening at Craig’s hotel. It was then re solved to further postpone the i SatordaV evoaing ..n6Xt,-an ordortoamte ben of both; sqoiotios, an opportunity* o m?et and exohangtnriews. r_ , > A tiS goods/tram ’ for? Geelong tiken off at the Lai Lai station;" \ |>;. SS ' A yonth wesson at tho Balmain CimrtyNew Sonfch WalW. dEI for cruelty to.a goat %by poarfpg oil onJts body and setting firoHp'it. 'The bench one < of the worst cases that had oyer came before them, but . owing to the prisoner a youth and good character, they only inflicted a small fine. A benefit concert in aid of Mr James Giles, "a blind basket maker, will bo given this evening > at the Academy of and", notwithstanding ■ the counter attractions; offered should draw a Inrge.attendance. , An excellent .programme has. been prepared, on wbichappaar of Mrs Carter, Messrs A. C— Caroogig, Slack, .R. J. Dunn, R. L. Nicholl, , Wooteqk,, Banting,.' Harley, Cuming,“Daly, and other well-known vocalists so.that; an excellent; evening’s .enter talbmenfc * should be . afforded; In-addition to these Mi?s Mary ; Anh Raufer aDd Mr Phillip, Strachan/ two Tocaliats from. the Victorian Blind Asylum, are set down for. a couple of solos each and two duets, and Mr C. Paynter, blind organist, will also assist. The concert has a charitable object, and this, outside oLthe really good entertainment’ provided should ensure a large'attendaDpo. ;; • ; - 3 1 .,, r ;-V {,• i Ah excellent rehearsal of the hymns for'the military service was held last'nightin the Alfred Hall, for the 1 vocalists;'and at the Militia band room, for the band.' The hymns have been specially arranged'for the Militia’.band by Mr-T, J. liimble, who has the whole of the musical arrangements in his hands.---• It will be perceived by reference to advertisement in another part of this paper that rehearsals will’ be held to night for the chorus; and to-morrow night, for' band and chorus. .A very largo gathering is expected.; .- A meeting of the committee of the Ballarat Fine Art Public Gallery was held last evening. Present—Mr J. Oddie (in the chair), and Messrs Orr, Niven, Wynne, Curtis, Price, Oldham, Shiels, Stoddart, Martell, and Dr Jakins. A good deal of business was transacted; passing accounts and financial matters were discussed. It was decided that subscribers of one guinea and upwards: per annum should be entitled to vote at all general meetings, to serve on the committee, and to participate in other privileges to be determined on hereafter. A sub- committee was appointed to consider about a site for a permanent gallery. The secretary informs us that it is his intention shortly to wait on some of our principal citizens for subscriptions. We sincerely trust he will be successful. Such a gallery as the present one will, doubtless, proven great attraction to the many country visitors who will bo in our midst during the approaching holidays, and who will be able to spend many a pleasant and instruc tive hour studying the works of art exhibited. It is probable that some new and valuable pic tures, will shortly be added to the gallery. Visi tors should remember that it is entirely sup ported by voluntary subscriptions, and that there is a box in the room in which donations may be placed. The fortnightly Temperance meeting at the Town Mission Hall last night was fairly attended,* and a raost enjoyable -evening-spent. “The \- reward of consistency” was the subject of reading from the Scriptures. Mr’Robertson,'one of the mission boys, now on a visit to Ballarat, offered prayer, and the choir sang, “ Yield not to temp tation;” the anlo singing was supplied in good style by Miss M. M'Kinnon, Miss R. Paohall uriaok, and Master Spencer Hosking; and tern- - perahce recitations were excellently rendered by Master Rudolph Martin,- Miss’Martin, Miss Franklin, Miss M. M'Kechni, Miss A. Green, and Miss J. Brown. During the collection Miss Amy Benuett and Miss L. Hosking played an overture on the piano. The choir also rendered good service during the evening,; The thanks, doxolozy, and benediction brought a very happy meeting to a close. - Messrs Eyres Brothers request ns to'notify that one of M'Curmiok’a Reaper and Twine Binders, for which they have lately been ap pointed local agents, is now bh. view in full operation at their store, Sturt street, and they will be happy to explain the modus pperandi to any persons wishing to inspect this highly useful machine. ■ ~ . At the Sebastopol Police Court yesterday, two cabmen named Toohey and Hunt, were fined 21s, and 12s fid costs for furious driving, Evan Marshall and Alfred Howell were fined re abeotively 2s fid and 2s fid costs, for discharging fireworks in Albert street, on sth November, Messrs Hughes and Dickinson, J’s.P. presided. At a magisterial enquiry held at Gordon on Wednesday last touching the death of an ille gitimate child of a young woman named Mary Dwyer, aged 18, ttxf magistrate found that the child was still-born. Oar local correspondent informs us that tho Rev. D. S. Brunton, of Bailan, who was a pas senger by the Melbourne coach when the acci dent occurred to it - on Monday afternoon be tween Bacchus Marsh and Melbourne, fortu nately escaped with a severe shaking. We donbt not that this intelligence regarding the reverend gentleman’s fortunate escape from serious in jury will be very gratifying to his many friends. Oar Bailan correspondent writes: “The many friends of Miss Leahy, lately of the Com mercial hotel, Bailan, will no doubt congratulate her on her marriage with Mr H. Kelly, of Nerri man, which event took-place on Tuesday after noon; Miss Leahy will be greatly missed at the Commercial, where she was a favourite with the publio, owing to her excellent management of the house, and her obliging manners. Sir W. J. Clarke, an old friend of the family, presented her with her wedding dress, which was of steel grey brocade, trimmed with lace.” Our local correspondent writes:—“The finan cial affairs of the art union in- connection with tho Buninyong fire brigade have not yet been wound up; the result at present, however, is about £6O. Several returns have yet to come in.—Theßuninyong rifle butts are being removed to Lai Lai street.” The Polies Gazette notifies:—Albert Rich miller is-charged with wife desertion at Water loo, Beaufort. Ha ia 30 years of age, and 6 feet in height. John David Randal], alias Ballarat Jack, is charged on warrant with disobeying a summons of the Melbourne bench on the 31st ult, A light bay filly, value £lO, has been stolen from William Laidlaw, of Rokewood; and a red and white cow from J. T. Pettett, Wendouree parade, Ballarat. Events iu Formosa are fast fulfilling the fore ■cast of a French writer, when the crusade against it was first commenced, that Kelung would prove in an intensified degree, exactly like Tamatave'in Madagascar. An island of bills and forests, over the original inhabitants of which China herself has never bean able really to extend her sway, could offer to France little worth taking. As in Madagascar, tho sphere of French action in Formosa would have to be limited to little distances round coast towns, conquest being impracticable without the em ployment of a coi'ps d'amee at an enormous cost. As to tho mines, if—which is doubtful—they had a real existence, France would be unlikely to benefit by them. No operations, the writer pro claimed, could result in advantage to France ia - Formosa. And so it seems. James Williams, an individual who arrived in Ballarat a few days ago, for the purpose of hav ing a “ bit of u spree” appeared yesterday at the Town Police Court, to prosec Uo a frail woman, named Agnes Ferguson, on a charge of robbiog him of a purse containing 18 sovereigns. It was the old _ story. Williams, who described himself as a railway platelayer, had not been very long in -the city when he de cided to go eastwards to inspect tho ancient architecture of the Main road. He wandered -about a good deal, and in order to relieve the fatigue caused by the pedestrian exercise ho had recourse to copious libations of-beer, and even tually fell into the bands of several females in cluding tho woman whom he accused of robbing him of his golden coin. It is surprising in such cases as the one in question ' that the “ yokels” h tvs the unblushing effrontery to make a noise about their alleged losses,- and parade through the medium of evidence, the disreputable con duct which leads up to such robberies. At the Gordon Police Court oh Wednesday last, before Messrs E. O. Witherden and J, M'Cullooh, J.P., P. M‘Mahon. v Thos. Woods, goods, £5 3s 21; order and 7s 9d costs. Char. Grantham v same, goods, £5 17s sd; order aod 7s 91 costs. Mrs J. Msckin made application for an order prohibiting the publicans of Egerton’ from supplying her husband . with . liquour; granted.’ ‘ \- Tho ordinary fortnightly. committee meeting of the Egerton-and Gordons branch AM. A* was held at the Exchange hotel, Egerton, on tho llth November,-; Mr J. Evans, vice presi dent, in the chair. There were also present— Messrs H. Reed, T. Brown, J. Parker, J(3atter tbwaite, J. Watson, ‘T. Downing,'!. Bonrke, and. tbe secretary. -i A large- amount of oorre*- epondenoe was received and dealt with, amongst which was a letter from Mr W. G. Spence, requesting information in reference to ventila tion of mines, &c;, which the secretary was instructed to supply. The committee’s report for half-year and balance-sheet were received* 50 copies of same to be printed. Mr J. Evans reported having attended the Creswick branch anniversary, and ;he spoke very highly of the reception accorded- him.v .The secretary- was instructed ' to acknowledge , the same oh behalf of .this branch;- Accounts amounting to £9 14s 61 were passed for payment. ' M. Kummer, a Swiss statistician; calculates that in the year 2100 Groat Britain will have a population of 129,000,000, ; and Germany of 164,0(10,000. Of course he bases hia calculations upon the present rates of inoreaae, and ' deduc tions for. emigration; but where is Great Britain to hold -129,000,000 or, Germany 184,000,000? We see now how anxious Mr Gladstone was to encourage German colonisation, and for the same reason he must be ready to'encourage odr own expansion; Tho - Anglo-Saxon is to be the predominant race, for, according to M. Kummer -France is not to increase in anything like Teutod progression. Perhaps; this is the reason why France is anxious to colonise. But why does she go to the population of the greatest, density : •" - - • ' : ' r •. itoobtain a little-territory t It i 8 clear tW .tT" '=idll-be>iQA.D. 2000 a scramble ’ lt«^nooottpied,portion*. Are, wo discountin'; a now. f ■ ■ • :■s *t -. IvMr T. Cfci-fcaplesV trotting roadster a *,i.- was-; awardeda apeoial prize a, ' ; Agricultural Society’s show oaMon* English shorthand journal a scribing.-v Avtnp on the continent,” savs : ~«i wo met with a most extraorrt.v. 4 instance of Christian charity. The the Holy Ghost was at one time tho subject r Ion? and bitter contest between tho Prnt.ov • and Roman Catholic sects, both claiming .sion.of Jt,.for ,the. purpose, of public w&* The dispute was terminated by its beina enn»l?' divided .between them both; and now ben ts tho samaroof are celebrated tho sarvica of Sr 4 ' in,all tho grandeur of its mystic and cerement ’ pomp, and the liturgy of the Reformed ChnrSf in the purity of its: unadulterated simnlioii, ’ The very idea of Catholics and Protestants wn ' shipping in the same building sounds almost in' credible to English ears; hut we met with otb Instances of precisely the 'Sama kind Germany and Switzerland.” .. u in Tho circular issued by the Solicitor-General t justices of the peace, asking them to name th° ‘ p courts at which they; desire to sit,-has been in’ understood in some quarters. The idea of™ 1 ?" . taining tho informatioo s-mght for ( sayß Argus) is to find out bow many justices mav h» ' relied' bn fur attendance at each ciurt and I ' request them to arrange so that there shall b« no lapse of business on any appointed court and» ;through the absence of the appointed number of magistrates; 1 When the replies are received thi Solioitor-Gvneral will: bo able to see in what dh tricts additional justices are required. will ultimate'y be issued showing the who have agreed to'sit at each court, 84 : Oce of the Excellencies from a neighbouring colony complimented the secretary of the racing elubupen the i borough ness of his arrangement* On the Oaks Day (writes “Ogles’’) ha had an evidence of the 'discipline that prevails the V.R.C. officers. He had left hTs CO S. mentnry card at Government House and al ihough vouohad for by pneof the committee of the club, coukl.not pass the trusty sentinel at the gate.'. Like others similarly, placed, he had to pay which gave him the opportunity of a e a!n complimoutingMr Byron Moore. 6 The South Australian Register gives an account of a successful experiment in sending oranges to -Europe and baoß. It says:—“ On Siturdar 25th ult.,. we examined a basket of native : oranges which had just been brought to Mewra -Fowler’s establishment, in Ring William street afteria vovoge from' Adelaide to London in the steamer Garonne.and a return passage in the Carthage. The Trait had been packed and for warded to England by Messrs O.' Pitt and Sons” and.was brought back as.ordinary cargo. The teat was a severe one, hut the fruit preserved its freshness remarkably well, there being butvery-j little loss. There appears to be strong reason to ■ believe that a trade in Australian fruit might be profitably carried on in the old country during those months when Continental fruits are at a premium in Loudon ” A spray of chloride of methyl (writes Dr Tay lor in his “ Notes on Popular Science”) is said to bp a cure for sciatica. It should be directed along the limb affected, along the course of the scittic nerve and its branches. The effect is not so painful as when tho hot iron is used, as in ordinary treatment, and the curative results are stated to be instantaneous. Dr Taylor, in his “ Notes on Popular Science ” in tbe Australisum, says:—“There is no end to the possibilities of electricity in the future as the servant of man. Nut long ago it was the fashion to crack up steam and coal os the two satellites attendant on progressing and develop ing humanity. Electricity now dethrones both. Here is a practical example--the French railway companies are adopting electrical gate-openers. It is all over with the primitive old women who have hitherto officiated on Continental railways and the one-armed or one-legged superannuated porter wha did the same kind of duty in England. A catch, cohneotedwith an electro-magnet, will keep the gate closed, and when a train ap proaches it will close the circuit, release the catch, end the gate will fly open even easier than if the driver called ‘ Sesame.’ Moreover, the last car on the train, as it passes through, will close the circuit again, and the gates once more close automatically. The same appa ratus is said to violently ring a bell when a train approaches. Could ingenuity devise more ? A farmer living near a station ou the Korang line of railway had occasion last week (writes in tho Australasian) to send a telegram to- a stock agent in Melbourne. He nicely framed his message so that it consisted of the I prescribed 10 words, and confidently affixed a shilling stamp. But tho stationmaster, who is telegraph operator as well, said, “ you’ve got to pay for 11 words.” The farmer remonstrated, said ‘‘No fear,” and was then informed that “‘a-fraid” was two words, “ Como, come,” said the farmer. “ bring a dictionary.” “ Begorra,’, said the official, “ I know the dictionary as well as you. If you don’t believe me you can taka your telegram away from here.” The extra word was paid for. As the time draws near for the arrival again I on our shores of the Rev. Charles Strong, all 1 sorts of rumours and conjectures os to the in tentions of the reverend gentleman are abroad. . On the authority of one of the most respected and venerable fathers of the church, wo are in a position (says tho Herald) to say that Mr Strong’s presence in Victoria is absolutely necessary in connection with an estate, in tho management of which ho is largely concerned, and from which he draws an annual income. Whatever other motive he has in coming, this is one. It is also said that Mr Strong, if he, arrives in time, will attend the assembly and explain what his doc trinal views really are; but this, wo may say, is doubted by many of tho clerical members of the Assembly. According to the most recent statistics (June, 1834), there has been (says the London Times) • the moat enormous increase in the consumption - of liquor in the United States, and one far out stripping the growth of their population. In • 1810 the number of gallons of liquor consumed was 71,000,000, and how the number has gone ■ up since is shown in the following figures;— 1850, 94,000 of gallons; 1860. 202,000,000; 1870, 293.000. ; 1830, 506,000.000; and 1883, . 685.000. That is, while the population has only trebled during the last 40 years, the con sumption of liquor has increased by almost ten foil], and the amount of money expended in its - purchase shows a still greater proportional in crease. The annual expenditure for liquor in the United States now exceeds 800,000,000 dol., or £160,000,000 sterling. The Rsndigo Independent says that on Friday last it reported tha daath of a daughter of Mr Brown, farmer, of Derby, from diphtheria, and intimated that tho mother was in a precarious state from the same disease. Since then Mrs Brown has succumbed, and another member of the family is at prevent prostrated from the same cause. In the Warrnambooi County Court on Wed nesday, a boy named M’Ktnnon proceeded against Messrs Morris and Begg, contractors for tho new Mechanics’ Institute, to reoovor £IOO for tho loss of his big toe. The boy was playing about the new building, and a stone fell on his foot, necessitating the amputation of the toe. [ The jury found a verdict for plaintiff for £SO. On Wednesday, no fewer than 160 children were absent from the Dunolly State school owing to the prevalence of measles in the district. The disease (writes a correspondent of the Mary borough Standard) has broken out in 57 families, nod it is spreading rapidly. Instructions hare been given to have the school closed for a month. On Thursday evening (says the Hamilton Spec tator) the Right Rev. Dr Thornton, Bishop of Ballarat, who has recently been making an ex haustive tour of this portion of his diocese, attended at Christ Church to administer the rite of confirmation to a number of young people, twenty-four females and eleven males. As u«ual,, when so important and solemn ft ceremony is to be performed, the sacred edifice w.ta well filled, and a deep interest appeared to be taken in the proceedings. At the annual meeting of the Social Parity Sooiety in Sydney on Wednesday afternoon, the committee reported that they were collecting information, and hoped at an early date to be able to induce the Government to introduce into Parliament a bill framed bn somewhat similar lines to that lately submitted to tho British House of Lards and that pasted by the South Australian Legislative Council. The Reporter's Magazine (England) for Sep tember mentioned that the' profits on the Standard are said to have exceeded £100,009 last year. The average annual income of the Daily Telegraph is said to bo about a quarter of a million. Prom tho Reporter’s point of view the Standard is the best paper published. An Age cablegram says that Jamaica has re fused to join in the confederacy which Canada proposed with the West Indies, the object being reciprocal free admission of the produce of Canada and the West India Islands. A miner named Richard Tierney has had .a miraculous escape from death at Bendigo, in Otago. -He fell down a shaft 70 feet deep, and lay there forever four days. Wtten discovered it .was found that ho had his jaw broken in two : places and his head cut, but received no other injuries, though he was apparently in a dying state from exhaustion. He is, however, doing favourably in the hospital.” , The proceedings of tho Presbyterian Assembly were of more than usual importance (says the Jerald) oh Thursday morning, and as it was ah* ticipated- that, the .case . of the Rev. Charles Strong, add the differences between the Mel bourne • Presbytery and the congregation of Scots’ church, 'would be brought forward for consideration;' the Assembly Hall was crowded to its utmost capacity, a number of ladies being amongstl those present. The statement at the -Commission which .was -appointed in May last, relative to the. Scots' Church Property Bill, *as circulated, and Mr Robert Harper gave notice ■ of some.important motions connected therewith) The next business was the appeal of tho.Rav- W. Groundwater'Fraser'against the action .of the Presbytery of Melbourne in removing him from the Moderatorship of the Soota’ Church \- n< j there- appeara*!'ft"chance.of W private, but £ W oß .i bv a vote of-60 to 66, that it should «SS d' n £ nublio. Mr FrasenvJthen gave bfdea't J b is npDO al, and Mr Rebinsoa re the r ea so “ s h f llf of the Presbytery. piled oo.b b] ram says -tbattho Colonial -An f r /“ 6t erdim has BUBpendod,payment. -a- Jjnk °> A accident rebeht'y occurred a A s - b ; C a in Auckb'nd Province. The oottag'? OjjbiKip 8 ! A „ ame d Osborne was destroyed o { a labouring " breß obiWr6n were burnt to if fif- f"' mother was shopping at the time oT destb. A "® which was in the afternoon.-.' .. the occurreoi-”. .. •It ho seen by our {advertising columns. As . mealin'* in reference to the rail be kelti this oven ? n i> tlie North Star Q,,ilerians’ Bice, at the Eotnesf Athletic Sports on' tho’l7th Ballarat C R gent in before,, the-, Ist jjeesrohar, must . ~ . . , ptoxiino- f (ho seventh annual regatta Th . oP p£”t Y chr Club, to take place at ; f hoVendonree on Friday next,; appearsinour wtising columns. Eutr.es must be sent mto at the club rooms, before, 8 p.m. of sto war * 3 of rte LV; MM Jtt r lib will be held at Hager s (criterion Doveton street, on Saturday, at 2 p.m . ; « w Friedrichs, Ballarat, has been appointed if/ntorand salesman for Beaufort Wood Com colieoio. b. Barnes, who resigns on the pany. m 4 -" r iv> . ■■■ ;■ 35 n:«°notified elsewhere that in order to give •dints in the country an opportunity of . vlsiU .h. mast iluring the -ummar . months, sea e»u“ion ttekots, at a low riite. will he ? Jfrnm tho principal stations to Queen«clff; ; f'°!Lrra Portland, Frankston, and Sale, com- ■ Birr rioir on the-24th instant. Tickets, will be Sbfe for return for °»e month. > , 