ROCKHAMPTON. ' [ FRIDAY, MAY 30, 1884. 1 : AMONO the matters about which the I members of the present Ministry had a 3 : great deal to say, before they acceded to i office, was the manner in which the Immigration Service has been ron II ducted. Very freely was the insinu ? ation circulated that the Premier was ! interested pecuniarily in the British : India Steam Navigation Company, and > that the introduction of immigrants was ' being kept up at a high rate on that ; ; account. When the Liberals attained to power, we were told, startling revela-. 1 lions would be made, and great changes ; effected. They have now been in office six months, and the information with which the colony was to be astounded, has not yet been vouchsafed. Those who were really interested in the subject have, therefore, been disappointed. Changes are in progress, however, and the administration of the immigration service by the party now in power demands the watchful attention of the ratepayers generally. Especially must it be regarded carefully in connec Ition with the. introduction of immigrants by the B.I.S.N. Company's steamers, because when in' opposition those n our rulers seemed to have " a down " that company. Among the chief p poses to be served by the Queensla Royal Mail Service, in consideration which the subsidy of upwards of fi thousand pounds annually was grant for it, was that thc steamers engaged ii would land immigrants regularly at the ports on the Queensland coast, a would make Brisbane the terminal p of the voyage. The E. and A. S. Company, it will be remembered, w willing to continue the mail service, Torres Straits to Batavia, at an advai in the amount of the subsidy they t previously been receiving; but on consideration would they consent make Brisbane the terminal port of voyage to Australia. This condili insisted on by the late Governme was one which militated against tl obtaining any offer but that of i B.I.S.N. Company. We are not aw what instructions having been issued the Agent-General for Immigration London, ' but the announcement, tn: in the trade circular of a London Gi inercia! firm, and quoted in our col um that the emigrant traffic to Quecnsh has ceased for the time beine, we do accept as strictly correct. Though h; times prevail in the colony, though demand for labour is not so urgent it was a year ago, we cannot think Government can have gone so far as order the complete cessation of introduction of immigrants. What ' probably meant is that an end has hi put to free immigration to Queenslai In future immigrants will only introduced under the bounty syst« The present Premier was insirumen it getting it introduced into the 1 Immigration Act, and it is under vt t1 the immigrants now arriving in colony are conveyed. Our Governm pays £15 a head lo ship-owners for approved immigrants brought to colony, and the passengers have also i Pay £t> eacn- A',ne l'me tn's arran< ment was proposed it was pointed 1 that an inferior class of immigra would be received under it, and t , they would not be so well treated as . the vessels chartered hy the Gove mént. The result ot the trial of 1 1 system has confirmed the wisdom of t contention. No sooner was the boui ? plan in operation than thc pul { began to complain of the low class immigrants, and the complaints ot t latter, on the other hand, led to seve . official inquiries in Brisbane. Short 1 perience showed that the bounty systi was not highly, or even moderate t successful. For the purpose of mendi matters, probably, the Government ha ' determined that no sailing ships sh: in the meantime, be allowed to cai immigrants to Queensland ; so that, ' far as such vessels are concerní the bounty system is at an er Steamers only are to be e ployed, and the circular to whi , we have already referred, informi us that the immigration Contract li been taken up by one of the Sydn lines, and that in a few months it is ti unlikely there will be regular steamers Sydney as the first port of call, procef 1 ing afterwards to Brisbane and the oth i northern ports. It is most likely tl i statement is correct, because it would ' a practical fulfilment ol the ideas e pounded by the Liberals when in opp sidon. They are quite content to kei Queensland in a subsidiary position New South Wales, and let our growii ' trade come to us through southe ; channels, and burthened with southe charges. Under the plea of being ali ! to save the subsidy to the B.I.S.l Company, they will, if in power, put 1 end to the Queensland Royal Mail Se vice. When the system they former advocated, and at which, it would appea they are now aiming, is in full swing, tl ports of this colony will be me calling places of Sydney steamer We have been informed that vessels i this new service will come round tl Cape of Good Hope, and their doing s will also be in consonance with I iber, ideas. Our readers cannot have forgotte how the anticipated fatal results of th Red Sea voyage were descanted on I the opponents of the direct mail servio Among the passengers on ? board th British India steamers, considering the number, and the state of health of great many, the rate of mortality has nc been large. On this ground no soli objection can be raised to the import: tion of immigrants by that route. Bi having argued in favour of the longe route round the Cape of Good Hope Ministers will only be consistent i making it a condition of their em plo) ment that chartered steamers come tba way. The latter will come round th Cape and up to Sydney. Their goods am passengers will be forwarded north b subsidiary coasting steamers. Larg steamers may come north to Brisbane but it is vain to suppose they will ven ture further for the sake of all tin .encouragement they are likely to receive Should it be persisted in and developed this new scheme may prove fjtal to th< present direct steamship serviré betweei Queensland and . the United Kingdom and highly injurious to the political commercial, and industrial prosperity o this colony. The bonds, from which the Mail Service, we had fondly imagined, had relieved us, will be strengthened anew ; and our trade and commerce will-be fettered by New South Wales entanglements. Looking to the effect the new arrangement will have on our immigration service, we cannot help entertaining serious apprehensions. Steamers coming round the Cape of Good Hope will probably have tocall at Mel- bourne for coals : they will be some time in Sydney and Brisbane : what likeli- hood is there of these steamers bringing immigrants to the northern ports. Unless they are strictly guarded, the new chums will clear out nt the populous southern towns, and we shall be made j dependent entirely on the small numbers : introduced by the British-India steamers, if they continue to run. While we regret these changes in the immigration arrange- ments, because of their probable results on the immigration service, and 00 our MR. HKNHY MILLS, Treasurer to the Port Curtis and Leichhardt District Hospital, acknowledges with thanks £50 from F. Morgan, jimior, Esq.; £12 10s. from Alex. Grant, Esq.; and £12 10s. from Jolui Fergu- son, Esq. , TuüiiE waa only ono «ase for hearing at thc Police Court yesterday before tho Police Magistrate, a man named Walter Howies, who was charged with being drunk and dis- orderly, being fined 20s. with tho alternative of twenty-four hours in the celts. \- THIS evening a public meeting will be held in thc Protestant Hall at which thc prizes won at the lato P.A.F. Society's snorts will bc presented to the successful competitors. Thc Rev. W. A. Smith will take advantage of the assembling together of'a number of young nirn to deliver a loeturc on benefit societies. Tiic subject is au excellent ono, and os thc ' address is likely to bc interesting, a good I attendance is desired. ? SOSIE consternation was caused yesterday evening about BÍX o'clock in William-street i nuning pedestrians who use the road as a I footpath by the vagaries of a horse attached L to Messrs. A. Reid and Co.'s spring-cart. Thc I aniiii.il bolted in Quay-lane, turned np Wil > liam-strcet, and thence galloped into Bolsover \ street, and was not stopped- until ..bc rcacbod 1 the Municipal Cotmbil Chambers. For ' tunately the drivers of other vehicles were ) warned of Iiis approach by the rattling of the ; cart, otherwise a collision would probably ' have occurred. 1 Si.YERAL complaints have been made latoly as to the propensity for stone throwing ex ; hibitcd by thc youths of thc town. On Tuesday evening a sou of Mr. Hirt, fruiterer, who had I been sent to thc wharf on a message by his [ father, received a severe cut on tho head from . a' stono thrown by some youthful larrikins. The missile went through a felt hat inflicting \- a deep cut on his head. Tho boy was taken t to Ur. Thurston, who dressed tho wound. I Tile night watchman has also had Btones thrown ot him on several occasions. If one " of the delinquents were brought before tile ' Pulice Magistrats as an example, the practice might lie put down, but if people submit to t thuso youthful pranks they will only encourage thc growth of larrikinism, which we do not wiall to sec dcvclopod iu this town. . . Tm: disastrous drought that has existed in this district for months, and which hos not yet broken up, is, it is satisfactory to note, " having thc effect of inducing cultivators to s adopt some measures for tho irrigation of ' their land. Mr. Spike, who, owing to the \- dry -weather, has lost several fruit treos, is f having a well sunk on his land for the pur 9 pose of irrigating; it, and preventing the ? recurrence o? such losses in future. He hos now gone down about seventeen fcot, and " lias reached a sandy stratum, but he docs not 1 anticipate that water will bc struck until he has gone a deptli of forty feet. The well ' is three feet in diameter, and it is being lined > with bricks specially made for thc purpose. ; Mr. Spike lias a nico garden near the Yaamba , Road, on which he has a large number of fruit f trees that in good seasons bearoxcellcntly, hut this year, with many others, he has had no crop worth mentioning. His action is i worthy of imitation, and wo hope will bo followed by tho majority of selectors bud . farmers. I THU Town Clerk of North Rockhampton I announces by advertisement that a Court will 5 sit in the Council Chambers at North Rock ; hampton on thc 23rd June for the purpose of t hearing appeals against the valuation for rates j for this year, and quotes section 185 of the Local Government Act with respect to appeals, but only a portion of it is published, that r with regard to thc place of hearing of objec s tiona being omitted. Thc. section alluded to ? is asfollows :-" If any person think himself aggrieved on thc ground of incorrectness in thc valuation of. any rateable property he * may at any time within one month after he > h'aB rcccivod notice of such valuation appeal j to thc Justices in some Court of Petty T Sessions hold within thc municipal district if » there be any holden thero, and if thore be 1 none or moro than one to the Court of Potty 1 Sessions held nearest to thc, municipal dis > trict." As there is no Court of Petty Sessions at North Rockhampton it seems that thc proper place for the hearing of appeals is I the Rockhampton Court. TUE fortnightly sitting of the Small Debts ' Court was held before the Police Magistrate i yesterday morning. In the undefended case '. of G. Bletchor v. Chong Koo, goods, a verdict \- was given for tho plaintiff for the amount . claimed-£11 5s.-with 13s. costs; ani also 1 in that of Dan Hawke v. E. Pascoe, goods, . £12 Ss.-with £2 11s. costs. Io the,casoof ' . È. Macaree v. J. S. Cleary, promissory note : £12-a verdict was given for the plaintiff I for £7 12s. 6d. with 10s. costs. E. I Macaree Bought to recover £2 10s., from G. H. May on account of a pro ' missory note endorsed by tho defendant. Thc defence was that the defendant had not . endorsed the note as alleged ; that the plain i tiff, when the promissory note became due, \- and whilst lie waa the holder of it, with thc consent of thc defendant, gave tlie'person signing the note time for the payment of it, and had accepted money and another promis I sory noto in satisfaction of the debt, and OÎBO . money on account of it. A verdict-was given . for the defendant with 16s. 6d: costs: In the defended case of R. Holyoake v. J. Poole, goods, £5 17s. Cd., a verdict was given for the defen- dant with £116s. costs. O. Blotcher songli t to I recover £14 from John CrOyland, of Walkers town, near Maokay, on account of goods sup ' plied. The evidence of the plaintiff was to : the effect that he knew the defendant, to ! whom he had sent letters on two or three [ occasions ; and John Summers, clerk for r Bletcher and Co., produced a diary, in which waB entered in the beginning of April goods '? supplied to defendant, valued at £6 4s. 6d. John Ffoyland deposed that he resided it Walkerstowh, ten miles from Maokay; he . knew the'firm of R. A.' Palmer and Co., of Mackay, but not that they were agents for the plaintiff when he ordered boots from them ; he gave orders to them for goods tobe obtained through Luóaa and Co.? after receiv- ing the boots he got an account from the Elaintiff ; ho did not believe he had paid u .aa and Co. for them, and if he had riot Eaid them thc money he had not paid any ody ; he received an acoount for the two items for £0 7s. 6d.; he did not, however, obtain thoBe accounts from Mr. Bletcher ; he bought some boots from Mr. Salisbury in March ; the gentleman lost alluded to waa a partner in tho firm of Palmer arid Co,, and he told witness that he sold the hoots on Iiis own account ; nothing was said about Mr Bletcher ; he had not paid for the boots yet, as he was to get five or six months to do so in ; about the 5th April he bought some elastic Bide boots from Palmer and Co,, in Mackay, but could not say how marry j he had not paid for them ; ho wrote to the plaintiff OB tile repeint of the . first aocouiit, saying he, would not acknowledge it ; , he had reooirod a letter from Mr. Bletcher, ), it wa»: about th* first two items m April, he had not paid Lucas and Co. or Palmer and Co. for thc boots valued at £0 7s. 6d¿ .he owed tho last mentioned firm eTjmcTmdney from"*vhat he had heard that day, and ho believed the plaintiff waa entitled to £6 7s. Gd.; thc boots were delivered to him on the Mackay wharf ; they were addressed to Palmer and Co., but Mr, Palmer told him to take them ; they Were the first two items mentionod in the, bill j thc brand on them was R.B.F., which fie beliovcd to bo that of tlie plaintiff's firm ; according to tho Invoices he got at the time he imagined the goods to bc the plaintiffs, The Magistrate áiírpJsged the "case, on the grotind -that he bad no jurisdiction, the goode being delivered at Mackay. THE trece on the esplanade in Quay-street aro being graduolly ruined through tile prac- tice of cliildreu throwing sticks and atones at them, in order to obtain tho fruit, tho taste of' which they evidently appreciate. This matter has been commented on repeatedly, but with- out effect. Surely the police Bhould ho able to put an end to thc practice. . THE meeting callod last , evening to form a trotting club' bore lapsed owing to the paucity of the attendance. Mr. Chester Master informs lis about thirty gentlemen havo intimated tjlicir willingness to become members of a qlub, but the great difficulty is in holding a ?heçting. He will make another effort shortly, which it may be hoped will prove successful. I TUEBE was a good attendance at the Cre- morne Hotel last night, when the prizes won at the Cremorne aporta'* on ' Monday last were presented to the successful competitors by Mr. Lachlan. Thc healths of tho winners and losers were, druuk in tho usual way, aud a few songs having boon given by some of thc visitors, tho company separated after spend- ing a pleasant evening. A HUE occurred in Bolsovcr-strect carly lost evening from a not unusual cause, but it was fortunately extinguished before much damage was done. The inmates of a house vacated,^ room in which they left a candle burning, and it ignited some light material áud caused a blaze. Tho "flames were noticed and extinguished, but not before a table had been destroyed. y JJfow that thc convenience of telephonic communication ie becoming plain-to all, its patrons are increasing. When thc Exchange was established there were only thirty subscri- bers, but this number has now been increased to thirty- five. Polos are being erected in the direction of Jardine's Lagoon, and also towards Athelstane Range, and several gentlemen out- side the present limits will soon be brought within the circuit. THE "Bouquet of Mirth" Company nave their opening performance last evening to a large and pleased audience. Tho efforts ol the individual members wore loudly ap- plauded. The entertainment was a geod one of its class, and affords genuine amusement. Mr. Darlow is a host in himself, and serres by his mimicry of certain characters to keep thc audience in roars of laughter. In this ¡respect he is inimitable, and those who have not Been him should not fail to do so. In thc Chinese burlesque of Chang the Giant he was amusing j and ; his v Old Sarah Walker Vat thc close of thc first part was exceedingly lifelike. As Migicl Snider ho was equally at home, his dancing, as well as his acting and singing, being appreciable Mr. Oscar Smith is a ventriloquist of no mean ability, and though this mode of entertaining ie becoming, like 'conjuring, uninteresting, ho nevertheless succeeded in eliciting rounds of applause. ' He is able to throw his voioe in any direction ; he imitated very cleverly s mau descending a ladder, and counting the rungs as he came down, the sound being almost inaudible at first but increasing in volume ; and also a person walking away singing until the voice died away in the distance.. Mr. St. Vincent was amusing, and Miss Oscar's singing was much admired. The second part consisted of a drawing-room entertain- ment Messrs. Smith and Barlow occupying the corners efficiently. The performance con- cluded with the comedy "Love's Stratagem," in which Miss Oscar, Messrs, De Vere, St. Vincent, and Smith took part, and it served to send thc audience home pleased. A word of praise is due to Mdtlo. Fernandez for the manner in which she accompanied thc vocalists ou thc pianoforte, MESSRS. R. Foulkes and Co. will offer by auction, at their rooms. William- Btreet, e large quantity of household furniture and saddlery, particulars of wnich appear in our advertising columns. Wc have been requested to explain that, whatever may have been tho individual opinions of. some of the men at tho saddlers' meeting the other evening, nothing was said about there being a strike, unless the demands of thc men were granted, rio threat was held out, aud thc wish of the moro sensible of the workmen is that the masters and tho com- mittee should meet and talk matters over quietly before any ulterior measures are re- sorted to. ' \- IF all thc blessings of life como to that nation whick has a stationing or decreasing population (exclaims Si. Junta?« Gazelle), what a happy country Franco ought to bc. According to the returns of vital statistics for 1SS2 re- cently published, it would seem that France is rapidly reaching tho condition in which the births are only just sufficient to supply the waste caused by death. In 1882. as compared with 1881, there were 10,000 more deaths and 1500 fewer marriages. Sixty years ago, under the Restoration, France would have doubled its population in 112 years ; at the present rate the doubling would occupy 207 years, but for the steady immigrationof an enormous body of foreigner» into the country every year. This is a state of affairs which ought to bring comfort to our Malthusians, who, no doubt, will be ablo to demonstrate to us that there is no such thing as discomfort or distress in a country existing under such sound economical conditions. It does not seem to he.regarded with quite so much complacency by French statesmen and statisticians, who are asking themselves, with some anxiety, what is likely to happen when tho population of France, even with the addition of a few millions of Germans, Italians, and Belgians, will be rather less than half that of Germany. A REMABKABLB change (says the Melbourne Telegraph)- has takon place- in tho live stock I trade between New South Wales, and this colony. ' Up to a very short time ago a regu- lar importation of sheep took place from Kew South Wales, and during the busy season as many as 30,000 sheep-have -arrived in Mel- bourne by rail from that colony. The average number wnich arrived during the latter half of hut year was somewhere about 120,000 per week, but the drought in Bi verina and other portions of the sister colony had suoh .an-effbot that irons became parched up, and sheep died by thousands. This soon had ita.effect, and instead-of sheep being sent over here such a demand has onsen for them in New South Wales that we are now actually exporting them In large numbers. The ex- portation commenced last month, and the numbers forwarded by the Railway Depart- ment aro as follow :-April : From New- market, 5000; from Geelong, 5600; total, 10,600, May; From Camperdown, 7700; Kilmore, 2600 ; Berwick, 1700 ; Newmarket, 1000; Geelong, 500; Ondit, 10O0; total, 14,700 ;' or 'a grand total for thb two .months up to date of 25,300. The Railway Deport- ment has in hand orders for the transfer to the border of 3000 more. INFORMATION concerning the work dor*, by and the cost of diamond drills and water augers belonging ti) the Government of Vic- toria (says the A¡jc) has been applied for by ihc . New. South', Wales Government, . The ollowing particulars have been supplied : Thé diamond drills were brought into use in August, 1878,.andnp tothe end of 1883 tho following expenditure had been incurred: Purchase of 10 largo drills and appliances,: at £1250 each, £12,500 five small under-grouitd drills, with ' air-compressórs, £1100 each j £5500. ; appliances imported, £3900 ; repairs and renewals,'£10j600 ; diamonds, £22,000. The-total distance'.Bored bjffhé drills' during 18S3 was 17,136 feet, but some of tho drills were unemployed for some time during the year. The aggregate amount of boring done by all govcrnnicut diamond drills since their introduction into the colony is 65,775 feet, and the aggregate number of bores 274. Thc cost of working tho drills in UBe during 1S83 was £11,200. The total expenditure incurred in connection wiih water-boring maobinea up to the end of I6SS wai aa trade and ? commerce, we' déplore still ' more the evidence they afford of the I subserviency of the Government to Sydney influence. follows :-Cost of 3 colonial-made water augers at £300 each, 14 Tifian augers at £190 1 Tiffcn auger and appliances at £535, 13 ' hand augers at £7 10s. each, tubing about £600, and repairs and renewals £300.. The returns of work done by the water augers during 1883 are not yet to hand from the -various shire councils ta whom mi chines have been lent, hut the aggregate amount of work done by them from the commencement up to thc 18th June last is stated as follows :-330 bores put down, 24,403 feet distance bored, in 66 bores fresh water struck, in 187 boreB Bait or brackish water,'in 108 bores'no water. The cost of working the machines during the year 1883 was only £1126 17s. 3d., but several ol them were unemployed from time to time, i A GENTLEMAN arriving in Sydney late on Saturday'night,'finding-all hotels'shut up, Was obliged to share a bed with another at No. 1 Coffee relace in George-street. In the morn- ing when fae woke he found his companion had disappeared, as had also his watch, chain, money, and pocketbook: The " hotel barber " had evidently given his victim a clean shave. THE price of Australian meat oontinues to increase, eays a home correspondent, and it Has lately reached an abnormal figure. Some Of the lamb has even realised from 7d. to Od. a lb. This rise, however, is chiefly dne to the smallness of the quantity in the market, and we cannot expect it to last. The Doric meat has been selling at Gd. to 7}d..; lamb/id. to 9d. Several large salesmen are now issuing circulars containing bets of prices to thc retail purchaser, from which I select the following : -Hind-quarters, 9d. ; fore- quarters, 7d. ; legs, with necks or breasts, 8Jd. ¡legs lOd. ; saddles, IoinB, and shoulders, 8ki. Directions are also given for hanging and cooking. OK Sunday afternoon a little hoy fell into v tho water at Woolloomooloo Bay. Another youngster went to his assistance, hut was not strong enough to rescue his friend, and both were sinking when Arthur Milson, fourteen years of age, pluuged in, and, after a struggle, succeeded in saving them. The gallant little fellow had thrown off Borne of his clothing before entering the water, and a mean thief took the opportunity of stealing his watch and chain. At the settling up at Tattersall'^ > the members of tho club subscribed sufficient to give the juvenile hero a new watch and chain, and the surplus will be devoted to providing the other little fellows with new ; suits of clothes. " PERHAPS you would like to learn (says a home contemporary) how a very fashionable lady (not in lier nrst season) attires herself nowadays (independent of her clothes) for à ball. She puts pearl wash on her teeth, i "Sympathetic Blush" (there aro "eight { shades of it) which does not wash off, upon lier cheeks, and, in addition, Powder Bloom. On her eyelids she puts kohhl (you would think Bile would put kohhl to her eyes since ; she wants them to glow, but for that purpose she uses other things.) She drops into her . eyes Styriaa lotion, or Persian antimony, or ' henna.. Lastly, she drinks, but without [ swallowing it, a little eau de violette'. Even then she is not equipped ; she rubs a little j pink powder on her filbert nails, and then goes forth to conquer, unguented ad wufuem. , Ten years afterwards her equipment is wholly ! different cap à pied, but, as one would f imagine, still more artificial. TENDERS for £1,130,200 Natal Government -, 5 per cent debentures were opened at the Crown Agents for .the colonies early in April, no tenders being received at below £98 per £100 debenture. The proceedings attracted ; considerable attention, owing to the high ? favour in which colonial Government securi- ties are now held as a medium of investment ; in the present easy state of the money market, ' whilst the fact of the new loan being quoted on the Stock Exchange at a substantial pre- mium led to the belief that it would be Bub ! scribed for at a good advance on the mini- mum, an anticipation folly borne out by the i result, comparatively few out of 1381, the i total number of tenders, being below £99 10s., and the price offered ranged from £98 to £103 Gs. The total amount tendered for was . £6,059,000, and tenders at £100 16s. will re- ceive about 75 per cent of tho amount applied for, and above that price in full. The average price realised was £100 19s. Cd. The loan was quoted on the market in the afternoon at 3}i ? premium on the maximum price of £98. TUE London papers report that on Sunday, April 6, a Papal rescript was read in the churches of the arch-diocese of Westminster on the subject of the future relations between the Sacred Congregation de Propaganda Fide, and the bishopa, clergy, and laity of the Roman Catholic Church in the British Empire. In this document the Pope, in order to provide for the better security ot the property of tho Propaganda, which is threatened by a recent decision of the Superior Court of Cassation in Rome, declares that henceforth thc adminis- trative seat of the patrimony of the college for all donations, legacies, and offerings, by which " the piety of the faithful may wish to meet its, heavy and continual expenditure," is transferred out of Italy. It has, therefore, been decided by His Holiness to establish in different parts of the world centres or pro- curations, "where the offerings of the faithful may be put out of all danger, and bo at the free and independent disposal of the Sacred Congregation tor the benefit of the missions." Among these procurations Cardinal Manning is appointed for the different dioceses in England, the Most Rev. Archbishop Eyre fur Scotland, Cardinal M'Cabe for Ireland, for Oceánica Dr. Moron, Archbishop:eleot of Sydney, and for India the Vicars-Apostolic of Bombay, Madras, and Calcutta. TUE mania for collecting (says a home paper) which afflicts men of wealth from time to time in regard to ord china and books, or some other department of art, is apparently about to evince its presence amongst Btudents of nature, usually reckoned to be quite above such filthy lucre influences. We learn that at the sale of the collection of butterflies and moths which belonged to the late Dr, Harper', that took place in London on the 20th ana 21st ult., upwards of £1000 was .realised. A awallow-tailed butterfly brought £4 5s. , a pea- cock butterfly £4 10s-, and a white admiral £3. These specimens were what colleetors called " choice varieties," differing from the normal type in some slight re-arrangement of the colours. A "sharp competition " took place for a little clearwing motnthatafarthiog might have covered out of sight, and it was eventually knocked down at £3 6s. Four dozen specimens of the ghost moth from Shet- land were Bold at £10 10s. ' A series of the tiger moth, sold in lots, fetched a total of £92 ; the lots, oonslsting of ten specimens each, ran from £6 6s. to £7 7s. each. Various rare moths went at from £5 5s. each down to £1 each. This does not look like a " depression in trade " at onyrate t RECIPE TO BOIL RIOE IN THE HINDUSTANI FASHION,-Take a breakfaBtcupful of Patea rico, pick it free of all foreign matter, wash it in several waters until perfeotly olean. Put it, with a saltspoonful of salt, into * large saucepan with sufficient water to cover it well. This water may be cold or otherwise, as it does not affect the result. When it is nearly done-which may easily ho .known by ; squeezing a grain between the fingers, for if there is just a suspicion -of a core it is right - take it off, drain- off the water by pushing . aside the lid and tilting the pan over. Then at once put the pan under a tap, cover the rice quickly with cold water, drain it off quickly,and repeat the process. : Now take the pan containing the drained rico and place it on the bob without any cover, choking it con. stantly about to permit the remaining moisture to escape as Bteatn. Care must be taken not to allow the grains adhering to the bottom and sides of' the pan to become scorched or shrivolled up. In three or four minutes the rice will have become thoroughly cooked by thc. steam, and each grain separate. There must be no iesitatron when you douch the rice with oold water; its object is to wash away all the starch, which clings to the grains and causes them to oohcre, and the more water you UBe thc quicker will it be done. The grand secret of boiling rice con- sists in this washing process. Of course, it cannot bo expected that this knaok will be learned to any degree of nicety at the first essay, a few patient experiments must, how every, finally lead te success, as it is tba way rr-,. / . / lo which the greatest rice-eaten of tho world -the'nativet «If Iadii-cook lt. 