ulddahia?n in teintion to Christianity. AT the last larg uiooting held in Feb. ruary, by the Victoria (Philosophical) In stitute, 7, Adelphi Terrace, London, a paper was read by the Rov. It. O. Colline, M.A., on Budidhism in relation to Chris tianity. eliferriug to the parallels be tween the persons and oharacters of Buddha and Jesus Christ, he said: Tnake, as a prominent instance, the birth stories. I need not here give details, which are to be found in any modern work on Buddhism. The supposed miratulous conoeption; the bringing down of Buddha from the Tusita heaven; the Ddvaa acknowledging Iis supremacy; the prc- sentation in the Temple, when the images of Indra and other gods threw theseolves at his feet; the temptation by Mara-which legends are embellishol by thd modern writer I have already quoted, under such phrases as " Conceived by the Holy Ghost," "Born of the Virgin Mmaya,', "Song of the heavenly host," "Preseutatiou in the Temple and temp t.tion in the wilderness"- none of those is found in the early Pali texts. The simple story of ancient Buddhism is that an ascetic, whose family name was Gautama, preaohcd a now doctrnie of human suffering, and a new way of deliverance from it. There is no thought in the early Buddhism, of which we read in the. Pali texts, of deliverance at the hands of a god; but the man Gautoma Buddha stands alone in his striving after the true emancipation, from sorrow and ignorance. The accounts of his descending from heaven, and bring convinced in the world of men, when a preternatural light shone over the world, the blind received sight, the dtmb sang, the lame danced, the siok were oured, to gether with., all such embo lishments, are oertainly added by later hands; and if here we roocognise' some. rather remark. able likenesses in thought or oxprsesion to things familiar to us in our Bibles we need not be astonished, when we refleot how great must have been the influenoe, as I have before hinted, of the Christian story in India in .the early oenturies of t.he Ohristian'era, and, perhaps, long stib. seouently. This a point which has been much overlooked; but it is abundantly evident from, among other proofs, the story of the god Krishna, which is a ma-ni feet parody of the history of Christ. The' Bhatgavclt-Gi'a, a lleocophioal poem put into the mouth of Krishna, is something unique among the produotions of the East, containing many gems of which we should -call Christian truth wrested from their proper setting,, to adorn this creation of the -Brahman poet and indi eating as plainlyg their origin asdo the stoties of his life in the MahiB.l a)raral ; so that it has' not unreasonably been ooncluded that the story of Krishna was inserted in the Maha-Bhairait to furnish .a divine sanotion to the Bhtagavat-.Gita. If, tlien, as there is the strongest reason to believe, the Christian story, somewhere between the first and tenth centuries of theOChristian oran, forded itself into the great Hindoo epic, and iwasat the found e. tion of the most remarkabld poem that ever saw light inIndii, can we' hbe sur prised if wo find similarly borrowed and imitated wonders in the later Buddhist stories also ? Several Home and Colonial apjilioatiqus to join the Institute as guinea sulsonrbors .were- received, and its object being to investigate all philoso phical and scientific questions, especially any said to .:militate *agaiest the truth of the Bibleo.'-a' disoneston onsued in which Mr. Hormuad Rassam, Professor Lelneor, from. Lahore, Mr, Coles, an earnest student of the question during twenty-years' residence in. Coylon, Professor laBys Davids, and others took pairt All agreeing 'in and confirming the statbments of Mr. Collin's paper. *Dr. eiotneor ,brought, a 'largo number of photographs of early Indian and Tartar soulpturoe, showing the first introduotion: of the Christiani story into those momumonts .betwcon about the seoohd ' and:. tontli centurlai, and he pointed. out .the.value of such additional confirmation of Mr Collhis' statements. : 