PERIL . BY MISS JESSIE FOTHERQILU Actgsh op "First Violin," "Probation," . "Kith and Kin," " Made or Marred," &c.;, &c.; TART IV,— THE LIFTED BURDEN. Chapter III,— Wisewell Again.— (Con tinued.) ' " Peril — what is the matter with you ?' Tre- lawnev asked, startled by her pale face and scared eyes." "Mr. Trelawney — come here, I want to speak to you," she said, drawing him into one of tho empty parlors, and shutting the door. "I have seen — not a' ghost, I wish it was — I have just seen Panl and Humphrey." ; "Paul and Humphrey — what, here, in Wis- well?" " Here in Wiswell, going up to the Grange. Did yon know of it ? " "I assure you, my child, I knew absolutely nothing of it." " Mr. Trelawney, will you be very kind and good, and 2nd out why he has come, and liow long he is goifig to stay?" "Would not yon be the more suitable per son to do that, seeing " " Of all persons in the world, I am just Lire one who may not speak to liiin, or approach him in any way. He told me I was lower than the lowest to him, and that he would never forgive me tire wrong I had done him. If 1 "do not know nbont liira X shall go mad. Dear, dene Mr. Trelawney, you said you were tny frieud, and would help me — will yon not do this for me " I will do what I can," said be gravely. " Oil, how good yon are ! I feel that he can only have come here because he is in tronble —there must be some Btrong reason to bring him back here. Tf lie stay3, I must go. I cannot remain in a place where a person lives who loathes the sight of me, and thinks me vile," she concluded passionately. "Would it not be beBt to make some ad vance, and show you are nothing of tire kind ?" he suggested. But Peril declined the very thought of such a thing. ' "He was smiling up into Humphrey's face," she said, " and as soon as his eyes fell upon me, he Beemed to turn to ico, and walked past me, as the T.evites and priests passed the man who had fallen nmongRt thieves." " In that ease he has done you a wrong." " Not one — it is I who havo wronged him grievously." "But, my dear child, when you have done a wrong, and know that you have, it is the one indispensable first step towards putting it right, that yon should go to the person you have wronged, and humbly ask forgiveness." "And if that other thinks your very ad dressing him to be a piece of unbounded pre sumption ? No, I know how best to please him — or rather, how least to offend him— -it is by keeping ont of his sight and out of his way. But you will find out what I want to know, dear Mr. Trelawney ?" \- A Blight smile crossed the rector's lips. He began to see a little more clearly, just from the very paradox into which she pnt her sentiments. She was to keep away from him and ont of his sight and mind, and so she would. least offend him ; but she must know all about liim, aud why he had come, and how long lie was going to stay. She was bound to take no step whntever to approach him,, and yet Mr. Trelawney thought lie saw a gleam of light in this contradiction. He tried to reussure her ; told her lie would, of course, call upon Lawford if he was making any stay, and wonld let her know the resnlts of his visit. When at last Peril heard this result, her perturbation and her feoling of helplessness were even greater than they had been before. .Since Lawford's arrival had been known to her, she had scarcely stirred out'of the house. Her ancle still continued ill, and wanted much nursing and attention, and this served her as a pretext for remaining indoors. AU her thoughts were in that lonely house, and with the two inhabitants of it, Mr. Trelawney at lust told her he had seen Mr. Lawford, and had some conversation with him. " Well J" she asked, breathlessly. " He looks rather forlorn in that dreadful, old, damp house," pursued Mr. Trelawney, watching her keenly but kiudly, and pur posely telling the story in a particular way, because he wished to work on her mind in a particular direction. " He hat not been in England very long." ."No; I know." " On hiB return from Melbourne with yonng Nowell he wont straight to London, to see his sister and her husband. Mr. Woodfall has got a sort of agency ont at the Cape for a bnsiness bonse in London. They set off two days after Mr. Lawford's return ; so he is left with his little hoy in his charge, and he savs he never knew before what a wonderful woman Mrs. Woodfall was, though he always thought no end of her 1" Ferit's lips parted. Her eyeB said, "Co on." " It seem'," Mr. Trelawney proceeded de liberately, "that Mr. Lawford, having de cided that there is nothing to keep him in England, or indeed to tie him anywhere — as he observed to roe, there is not a soul in the wide world who wants him, except this sister and her husband has resolved to sell his little estate here, and go out to join them." " Oh !" said Peril, with a kind of gasp, " He wUl go out to them " Yes. He says he has not the means to push liis child, and give him the education necessary to put him into a profession ; be Published by sperisl amogemeati rrltb tbs author, All rights rslsiTsd. thinks he will feel it less in a country where' if the prizes are not so big, they arc more equally distributed.'1 " Ah ! but — when lie say3 there is no one who wants him — I should have thought Hugh Nowell ; surely," she said, scarco'y able to control licr voice, "he docs not forget that my -thai Mr. X.awford saved Ilia life, aud behaved more like au cider brother to him than — " Ob, no 1 It cCciijs your cousin is most anxious that Mr. Lawford should come and take a position of trust in his works. L' c has urged him in every way to do so." ' "And why docs iie not ? Why expatriate himself, aud soil his estate, which 1 know lie loves, though it is so falleu, when by a word lie might have everything to mako him pros perous and happy ?" "He told mo— he entered into no particu lars, but I said something of the same kind — at least, 1 ventnred to suggest that I was sorry he could not see his way, for his son's sake, to do this. He replied that no doubt X should think him visionary and senti mental — ho had always been noted for it — but that not long ago he had anticipated a happiness here, in this country, so great that when the prospect of it wa9 suddenly and arbitrarily withdrawn, almost at the moment of fruition, he had got a blow from which, in a certain way, he would never re cover, He had no intention of mooning his life away, or in any wny, lie hoped, making a fool of himself ; but it was simply in tolerable to him to remain here while he could go elsewhere : and while he was very fond of Hugh Nowell, and made hitn heartily welcome to any trifling service he liad ren dered him, yet a closer connection with him would be more painful than pleasant. If there had been no other opening, lie would have felt it his duty to accept his offer ; as it was, he was grateful, but he declined it." " He will put the seas between us, and then he will be content," Baid Peril to herself. " In the meantime," Mr. Trelawney pursued, " he is about as uncomfortable as lie well can be. He came — just like a man, my wife says : they think neither of themselves nor of anyone else — to this dreadful, damp old house, without giving warning to anyone, or writing for a servant to be sent in, or fires to he made, or anything. He and Humphrey travelled by night, and arrived early in the morning. They lighted fires, and did tilings for themselves chiefly, I fancy. He bas now got the yonng woman in the lionse who was Mrs. ' Woodfall's servant, and she has reduced things into something like order ; but not before the boy. caught a bad cold — a sort of bronchitis — and is kept in one room, quite an invalid, poor little fellow 1 Mr. Lawford diversifies his leisnro by alter nately making expeditions on foot into Foul- haven nnd amusing poor Hnmphrey, who does not appreciate the situation at all. They were solemnly playing beggar-my- neighbour when I appeared upon the Bcene, and Humphrey, having lost largely, was accusing his father of cheating, and insisted upon seeing his cards." Peril forced a smile at the picture, but her chief feeling was one of scorching humi liation and shame at the fact, which she realized from every word of Mr. Trelawney's that Paul's resolution had never changed since the day when he told her he had lost all wish to deprive her of her freedom. He was in the same mind yet. He preferred anything — to sell his patrimony, and expatri ate himsolf and boy, when ho might have had plenty and honorable prosperity at home — rather than abide in the same country with her, who had so outraged and insulted liim. The only gleam of relief in this cer tainty was that it was certainty ; she was spared the agony and the shame of making an advance, and receiving a rebulf. Now at last her fate was quite certain and decided, and all that remained for her was to make up her mind to encounter it, and lire it out as well as she could. One or two questions site still had to nsk. " When does the sale of the Grange take place? " Next Saturday." " And if lie does not sell it 5" " I think there is no danger of that. Ste phen Harkland hns often said his father would like it." " Stephen Harkland !" repeated Peril in dignantly. . " Well, he could not have a better or more liberal purchaser," " No, perhaps not, Well ?" " And there are others. It is not bad land, and would he a very profitable speculation for some one of the.se squires or people. He is only waiting so long, in order that the sale might be advertised in the Foulhaven Courier. He will bo off as soon as he can afterwards." She moved her head nssentingly, bat looked abstracted. Mr. Trelawney said : " They say it is ill to interfere between man and wife ; all I can say is, you know I am your friend, and as your friend I advise you to put on your things and walk into the Grange parlor, and say to him that you have come to stay with him, and look after Hum phrey. You would clear away every difficulty at a stroke." ' She shook her head, as he saw, with firm conviction .that no such simple and primitive measure was available; and Mr. Trelawney left her in a state of uncertainty as to whether he had done good or made mischief. 