Ifctto* 'Short, Sharp, Shiny.' Ob. fie, Mr. Baker 1 Rolllckicg rotundity. Profound profundity. i What is spiritualism; Lott committed for trial. Cholera reappeared in Paris. Will Mr. Beimers care a rap ? A farm for reformatory boys. Beach and Clifford's match off. German warship at Kew Britain. Handyside, Tombinson, or Whits? Happy schoolboys and schoolgirl* ! A big seizure of dynamite at Dover. Regular ghost stories for Christmas. Only a small attendance at the ovaU Sims Beeves is coining to Australia. Billiards— Bill v. Albers— Hill won. Every Civil servant his own plumber. Hy dranlic freestone growing in favor. Spiller Deputy-Commissioner ot Taxes. The Protector men licked at a rifle match. France going to annex tbe 2?etr Hebrides. A German Comnl-Generalfor the Pacific. The Bushman's Club a valuable institution. B. A. White wants to get into Parliament. No prizes for beekeepers at the March show. More than 17,000 Christmas Chronicles sold. The [Claimant is now on show at music halls. People wilt throw hot ashes away and c*use fire*. Three German anarchists sentenced to death. ijWho were those members of the Y.M.C. A. board? Sir Julias Vogel is mixed up in a libel action. Have yon examined the length of the lines of life? Call spirits from the vasty deep— no, the rafters. The Queensland Parliament has been pro* rogued. The cholera fund in Borne has grown to £40.000. That veteran actor Mr. Hostdns has hid a benefit. Signer Hiig ought to make ft good mind reader. Bishop Kennion on religious instruction in echoote. The bootmakers of Victoria going to start a factory. Bismarck going to Paris. Tbe French alarmed. Schoolgirls and schoolboys oS for thtir holidays. Good news from the Northern Territory geldficlds. Demand for hydraulic freestone steadily increasing. We have got a grand old man in South Australia. Fresh water (truck along the overland tele graph line. Bridges for Silverton railway to be made in the colony. Calcutta Exhibition diplomas and certifi cates ready. There is evidently not a happy family at PalmcretOD. Not coming out of the affair with very white hands. Five, two, and one for the New Year's Day race meeting. Trying to draw the badger in the person ot Mr. BeimeR. German annexation in the Pacific regarded M inevitable. L. Barcard expelled from the Victorian Racing Club. Dr. Hajward an honorary medical officer io the hospital. Decs Mr. Kirkham Evsm want an inde pendent: enquiry ? The London Times says that gin is ' The spirit of the age.' Port Elliot to be honored by the residence of His Excellency. Perhaps the Germans would like to come to South Australia. Public feeling in the Northern Territory favors Jadge Pater. The Strathalbjn Salvationists are getting Bick of being fined. Why thould, the spirit of a Catholic priest make a great nolae ? Medical clairvoyance and spiritualism get tins exciting topics, The Governor wants the public library lighted by electricity. Two persons, two bottles of wine, oat too late— another outrage. Mr. White is seemingly anxious to air bis grievance in the 'ouse. Our shattered finanesi cannot stand a technological museum. Mick Davitt going to give Australians tte becefit of bis eloquence. The pearling Industry in the Northern Territory at a standstill. A Chinese edition of Herbert Spsncer's essays is being prepared. The economical Ministry making Civil servants gutter- scrapers. Tbe inmates of the Destitute Asylum return thanks for favors received. Is there some dark mystery attaching to Bismarck's visit to Paris ? The Milling line, according to a local authority, Is going to pay. Jadge Pater on bis first Criminsl Sitting* passed six sentences of death. Left-hand penmanship is now taught in a number of American schools. Spiritualistic investigations should be con ducted with care and caution. Bev. W. B. Fletcher reappainted v]cs chancellor of the University. Twenty-six hands employed by the Hy draulic Freestone Company. More than 17,000 of the Chrictmas number of the Chronicle were printed. The Milang line 'to be one of the moBt remunerative in the province.' The funnel of the gunboat Protector is one of the sights of Port Adelaide. Bapid progress is being made with the con struction of railways in Japan. Old Blood and Iron has bullied the G.O.M. out of northern New Guinea. The heart of a Greenland whale is (aid to measure three feet in diameter. The Salvation Army at Strathablyn drape their drum in black on Sundays. Mr. Beimers declines 'connection with such chaps ' as Kirkham Evans. On an average five peoplo are drowned in the Thames, London, every week. The demand for the Christmas number of the Chronicle has been enormous. A rather noisy spiritnalistic meeting— worse than that Catholic priest's spirit. The introduction ot camels in England at beasts of burden is being discussed. The population of the French capital has increased by 251,122 souls since 1S76. Fat cattle being sent from the Northern Territory to Singapore and Batavia. The peoplo of Queensland still trying to get the Hopeful murderers reprieved. Tbe cholera has co»t the Italian Govern ment a million and a quarter pounds. Five thousand pounds offered for the dis covery of the dynamitards in London. The Metropolitan Bail way Company, London, issues 72,000,000 tickets yearly. Ecglish doctors are beginning to recom mend Australian wines to their patients. The Bev. A. W. Webb says he will be a pecuniary loser by going to Melbourne. Tenders for tbe Port Darwin and Pins Creek railway to be called in March next. The Commissioner of Crown Lands to inspect the drained lands in the south-east The crowd of roughs and larrikins recag. nbed in Mr. Relmersan eminent musician. The Government of Cape Colony impose an export tax of £100 on each ostrich exported. Prince Bismarck is going to travel for his health. Can't he find it in South Australia ? No fewer than 17,000 varieties ot plants have been found on the Malvern Hills, Eog* Iacd. A Echeme fcr Increasing tbe Indian Army is under consideration by the Indian Govern ment, A 130 ton sun is said to have been cast at the Krupp Works for the Italian Govern ment. In 1ES3 the American life-saving service rescued 4,017 persons out of an imperilled 4,036. Edward Sims has been organist at S*. Michael's Church, Coventry, for seventy-four years. A man for trying to stab himaeU with a tcasting-foikbjis been bound over to keep the pcBce. Not an exposure that will commend itself to the minds of honorable men, Mr. Kirkham Evans. What a splendid target the huge funnel of the Protector would make for an enemy to fire at! Mr. Bonnsevell is not only one of the great guns of the Ministry, bat a good marksman as well. The black murderers in the Northern Territory to be executed at the scene of the murder. The Bev. A. W. Webb denies that baptism Is a sine qua non to admission to the Baptist Church. Mr. Beresford has made grave cokfgu against Inspector Foelsche ia the Northern Territory. The eieets of the life insurance companies of Great Britain amount to not lees than £170,000,000. A propotal has been made to propose Henry George as a Parliamentary candidate for Ccithntsbbiro. Someone wants the Chief Justice, as a 'favorite of fcrtu&e;,' to give a big nun to tbe University. The Bricklayers' Association have voted £25 towards helping the bootmakers on strike in Melbcorae. The proposal to send reformatory boys to the Agricultural College does not pleaae Pro feseor Ccst&nce.; The whole cf the Duke of Abercorn's savaa daughters were manicd ia jeer* or heirs apparent to peers. iEngbndj wift-wttt: MS.QOQjflQQ- taiMs «*! wheat, iraddHtm to «hat.«JrpBoda»di*tb»* canntry,.tbu-yeai!. Bishop Kentaonj think* AHan's Ion will b* severely foft amongst the reHgloo* world in Adelaides * There are 56 750 children leeelving indooc relief in England *nd Wales; of these about ' U.C0O are in London. Is it true that Mr. Beimers if anxious to prove to one young gentleman that he has cot nne f not in the omvA ? At James Gordon Bennett's recent domino ball at Newport ice cream was served in cups and saucers made of ice. A dispentary is to be built at Bombay, where medical relief will be given to women by doctors of their own cex. Smoking is said to prevent cholera. It is doubtless tbe street ci^ar that putt the microbe to a horrible 4each. China has paid an indemnity of £11,400 for lenses suffered by German residents of Canton in the outbreak last year. Esgland has 51 ironclads and France 59, but the tonnage ot the English vessel! is 375.000, as against 309.000 for France. The Italian Government is quietly bat actively completing the defensive system of fortifications on its northern frontier. Ihe Archduke Charles Salvador, of Aus. trla, has invented a new repeating rifle, for which he is going to take out a patent. Thousand* of people will be disappointed: through not sending in their orderj early for the Christmas number of the Chronicle. A lady complains that the Hon. £, C. Baker cat down when addressing the young ladies of the advanced school for girl*. The City Council of Cork refused to express approval ot the action ot the mtyor in invit ing tbe Duke of Edinburgh to that city. Of the eleven persons who formed the Go vernment of National Defence after the fall of the French Kmpire in 1870 six are dead. The Republican papers in America have already detected frauds in the late Presi dential election. So they say, at all events. French tailors complain that their English rival*, who set np business under their very noees, have taken away the best of their trade. It is confirmed that Mnnkaczy, the artist, is in a private madhouse near Paris. It is said that no hopes are held out for hii re. covery. According to the last census, there were in the United States 1,871,217 male citizens above the ace of 21 who could not write. Of these 862,915 were whites, and 1.00S.302 colored. The police authorities at Peath have expelled fifteen persona for ten years oa account of their connection with Socialistic intrigues. The regulations of the Italian army compel an officer to fight with any one who intuits or challenges bun on pain of expulsion from the army. Lord Chief Jnitice Coleridge was hissed at Nottingham by a large and disorderly mob consisting chiefly of sympathisers with the Claimant The area of the coalfields of the world if estimated at 134.C00 geographical miles. One twenty-£fth part is in tbe United Kingdom. Mr. Bartlett Burdett- Coutta hat publicly advertised that a fishing-vessel belonging to bim at Loweatoft, named William Ewart Gladstone, will henceforward ba called Will o' the Wisp. The project of establishing a telephone line across the Atlantic is ascusuag shape, and experiments to determine its practicability are to be made. American milk and cream have been suc cessfully shipped from New York to London by Bteamexs, arriving in » perfectly fresh and palatable condition. Out of 1,400 student* who were In atten dance at the University of Michigan but year 200 were women. Two women ore members ot the teaching staff. Four persons, including two military ofEoers who were concerned in the conspiracy against the Mexican Government, have been shot by order of the President. There was a young man from Havana, who trod on a piece of banana ; bis heels &ew; up, the rest slid down, and he was injured in a most frightful manna. The youngest immigrant tbat ever crossed the ocean alone recently arrived on a German steamer at Castle Garden, New York, and wss only two years old, Tbe earnings of the American railways in 1883 averaged i\ per cent, upon the whole of the investments, the 'earnings per mile being —Grots, £1,480 ; net, £600. A Michigan justice of the peace advertises —'Marriage ceremonies performed at all lenra of the day or night. Knots tied after miccight, 50 per cent, extra.' A eeniittion was earned at Croxley Green, England, by the unearthing of a child's coffia. The contehts. however, were proved to be only the bones of some ducks. A Prohibitionist calculates that the amount of liquor made and imported into the United States in 1SS2 would fill a canal 10 feet deep, 20 feet wide, and 76 miles long1. Encugh herrings were landed at Great Yar mouth in one week recently to provide every man, woman, and child in the United King. -Jcm with four herrings apiece. It has been stated at a meeting of thp Bullion Society in England that of £25,000.003 worth of goldraised annually about £10,009,000 is lost in the process of extraction. The fire insurance companies of Sweden offered a reward of £500 for the most pras. tical device to arrest sparks and cinders from locomotive and steamboat sticks. At an American fair a lily twenty feet high was exhibited. The plant will not bloom again for twenty years, and it is claimed tbat it will grow five inches every day. Belva Lockwood wai nominated by the Women's Bights party in America aa a candidate for the presidency. She rides a tricycle, and is writing her own life. Is it a fact that the masts have been taken out of the Protector with a view to placing yards on the f acnel, thus making it serve the double purpose of a mast and a funnel ? A Birmingham lockmaker 'is about to ex hibit a matter key, which he claims is capable of opening 22,600 patent lever locks, all dif fering in their wards and combinations !' It is not true that the 'smoke siack'of the gunboat Protector is nearly as high as tbe Port smelting works chimney. Tae chimney Is the loftier by a good many feet. A number of English clergymen are agi tating the question of revising the marriage service in tbe English Prayer-book. 'They consider it coarse and indelicate in soma parts. Intelligence has been received at Suikiaa from Jeddah, that the French vice- consul has been killed by Bedouins in the interior of Arabia while returning from II shook to Nedjd. The skeletons of 80,000 buffaloes have bsen shipped from Dakota this year to be ground into fertilizers for the older fields. The bones ere worth £1 13*. 42. psr ton at the shipping station, A Moscow telegram states that the stables containing the stud of Prince Chilkoff, in the Government of Tula, were lately destroyed by fire. Nearly 100 r&c;&horaes; perished in the flames. Advices from St. Petersburg state that the Siberian plague, which is spreading terribly this year, has broken out at Vibor, in Fin land. It has already appeared near St. Pctcr»burg. It it taid of the 600,000 patients who every year flock to the best London hospitals for treatment a very large proportion are atucdanOy able to pay for what they receive eb charity. Air. Gladstone cannot be charged with sendicg youcg and inexperienced men to the Hoase of Peer?. One of his new peers is S3. another GS, a third 59, and the youngest 40 years of age. The Postmaster- General of the United Kingdom has given his consent to dropping the 't' in denigcatiog the 'parcels post,' which will henceforth be known as the ' parcel post,' Seme crusty, rusty, musty, fusty, daaty curmudgeon tf a man save the following tout et a celebration: — 'Oar fire-engines — may they be like our old maids — ever ready, bjt never wanted.' A preacher who oaa deliver two strictly original sermons every Sunday— one in the morting for saints, and the other in the evening for tinners— i« wanted by a Sin Fr&ncicco; society. No fewer than 30,000 women make a living in Paris by the production of artificial flo irers, and the majority of tbem are said by an admirer to be real artists, imitating nature almost to perfection. Prince George has taken a first-clan certifi cate for seamanship at the Royal Naval College, and is rapidly qualifying himself for appointment to ooe of the vessels of the Mediterranean fleet. The Free ch agent at Cairo recently objected to the shipment cf 100 Krupp goes sold by the Fgyptian Government to a German firm, suspecting that they were intended for the Cbinae Government. A telegram published by a New York paper reports that the Chinese vice-con* ui at Victoria, British Columbia, has been stoned in tbe street* 6j a crowd of people-excited by hatred of the Chinese. In New York alone there are fifteen firms engaged golely in the business of furnishing banners, portraits, and uniforms used in the 'p&radec;' which are leading features of a Presidential campaign. Mr. Ruflbin tays a young man should not ray be has 'taken a fancy' to a girl, bat that he has ' taken an imagination' to her. She would probably prefer that he should have taken a diamond bracelet to her. Tho Commissioner of Public Works—' Mr. White, Mr. White, Yon have bothered me quite, Till I really don't know what to do ; But if you ate sent Into our Parliament, I'm afraid that jour presence fllrae.' A friend of the 'Claimant' has settled £iC0 per encum on himt«o that he will not be tsi'.irtly dependent on the coDtribaiJoas of \- ?ganpaihiser* or- on Xkn o«& exertions no* ttat be has beeh'releaseS from prUon. Light 'should imt be left borntng lathe skcpiDg rooms of children at night. Toe optic riervea, ipstesd of the perfect rest which they peed, are stimulated, and the brain and : the rest of the nttrmutyatem suffer. A cast of tbe Vatican copy of ttoe most famous work of Praxiteles, the Aphrodite -of Kisdosi the original of which is is the Sala della Croce Grecft of the Vatisra, hns bsen received «t the South Kensington Museum. Henry George is living on a farm oat at Jamaica, Long Island. He is writing as other book, or rather re- writing the manu ftcripts of one on 'Freedom of Trade,' which got destroyed by accident over a year ago. MGnsignor O'Farrell, Bishop of Trenton, contradicts the statement that he was alleged, to have made that the Pope had expressed hi* sympathy with the Irish Home Balers. . Tae bishop says, 'The words attributed to me ore totally fake.' A gargle made of strong black tea, aad used cold night. and morning, is no? the fashionable preventive in -tendon against failing a victim to sore throat during the cold winds of spring, and similar ' cold spells' at other time* of tbe year. As an indication of the extent ot the cholera and quarantine scare, the receipts of the Cook excursions are just one- fifth ot whit they were at this time last year. Tisa northern lines of Scotland, on the contrary, have been largely patronised. A Chicago hotelkeeper recently had a man ?nested for stealing a cake of so&p.; Toe mas pleaded in extenuation of his offence that he wanted it for bis collection of cariosities, it being the first entire cake of -soap he had ever discovered in a Chicago hotel. All the Indian troopships have now bsen fitted throughout with the eleotric light, and itis calculated that the coat will beexaotly hall what it was daring the reign of the less bright and more expensive oolzi. It is stated that ali sew ships will be similarly fitted. The first serious effort to encourage a grain export trade from India was made by the East Indian Railway Company in 1876, when the charge for grain was made the same as for coal, and equal to OS57 cent per ton per mile for the long haul of 954 miles front IMhi to Howrab. Miss E. A. Ormerod, the accomplished ento mologist, doubts whether the English sparro w U any longer of maeh value as auintectde etrojer, even in its own land. The spwrovs have vastly increased in numbers in Eogland, but seem to prefer a grain diet rather than insect food. The manufacture of needles and pins is one of the most flourishing industries in Germany. The eight manufactories of the Iserlohn con sumed in 1882 600 tons of wire, employing 800 male and 700 female operatives, besides seven steam engines and four water wheels of 230 horsepower, A return presented to the English Parlia ment shows that of the total income of £75.4S6.36oraifed from June. 1£S3. to Jnne. 1SS4, the sum of £71,735,523 was the proceeds of taxation, and that during the year there was an excess of income of £205,620 over the expenditure. Sixteen students have been entered at the London School of Medicine for Women this session. Of that number twelve have«ntered for the full course of medical training ; three have taken chemistry in preparation for the University of London exMniaationa, and one is an amateur. Observations made by txo French physi cists on a recent voyage from Brazil to France Bho w that germs do not thrive at eea except ia the immediate vicinity of vessels. There was very little solid matter in the air over the ocean away from the ship, bat any quantity near it. We have given several striking examples of the awkward name* to which the new system of nomenclature in chemistry has given rise. A new one ocean in the M*y number of the Journal of the American Chemical Society, in which we find an article on Betaphenan tbrolmoEOSulpho Acid. Crime is increasing at a fearful rate in Italy. In 1874 there were 3.210 serving life sentences in its penal establishments ; nov there are 5,363, of whom 204 are female pri soners. Italy pays £1,200,000 for the mainte nar.ee of its penal system, while for education only £900,000 is set aside. The 43-ton gun penetrates 21 inches of iron at eight miles ; and a 110-ton gun of an im proved design is now being constructed. Tfle time is evidently approaching wben an Anglo French war will be carried oa by broadsides across the Channel; and Gibraltar will be able to bombard Morocco. Princess Beatrice has lately been giving her attention to photography, an amateur amusement which is greatly on the increase, doubtless due to the recent discoveries by which the otc of dry plates does away wita the necessity of using chemicals that possess disagreeable odors and finger-soiling ipro perties. An evening Tory paper lately concluded an article on Mr. Gladstone with a prayer ' that the Lord will toon deliver this afflicted king dom from its brilliant amateur,' Says tbe Echo: — 'How differently we regard tb.8 Leader of the Opposition. Wo desire nothing more for Lord Salisbury than that he should long live to lead his party,' At a recent meeting of a society in London, which is composed of public analysis, m jdicil cfiiceie of ce&hh;, and similar tuneilonvciz?, ore member said he had kno-nt arsenic, in quantities large encugh to poison beaatt, pass through the ground and find its way into veil* fifty feet distant. Carbolic acid will fiad its way into wells ucder like circumstances. The North of Europe Kail way Company lliButed) has been formed in London for the pmpoee of constructing a line of railway from Lulea in the Golf of Bothnia to Ofoten Fjcrdin theNorth Atlantic Ocean, and there by open up the rich stores of mineral wealth in that part of Lapland, and especially in tae mines cf Kirunavaara, Liosavaara, and Gelli vsara. Prisons in Luxembourg have become such popular resorts that many parsons have com mitted petty offences merely to qualify for admission. The authorities have therefore found it necessary to diminish the attractive nets of the prison-houses, and have ordered that all habitual druck»rds and other petty offenders shall hencetorth be strictly kept on bread and water. Italian vineyard owners propose a method by «bich the propeities of grape juice can be concentrated. The water is to be artificially withdrawn in such a manner as to leave a residue, which contains ali the possibilities of wine, snd which csn be turned into Wine ia plzces where the art of wine in iking i* rigbMy nnderatord. The condensed sub3tmce will keep fcr years. The telegreph appears t o have made more progress in the United States than iu any othtr country. The number ot Americau telegraph offices in 1S31 was 12.917, aud the number of telegrams forwarded during tha I tar was 40,581,177. The number of tsle graph tffices in Great Britain and Ireland in 18S2 was 5,747, the number of telegrams forwarded being 32 965.029. A pretty stoiy ot Mr. Sims Reeves comes from Edinburgh. He ran against two blind Btreet-siogrn, and one of them asked whether Sims Beeves had ' turned up.' As a matter of fact he was still on his legs and right side np, but replied that Sims Beeves had turned up. One of the blind men then expressed an ecstatic wish to hear him sing. ' Sa you shall,' was the reply, and be did. An Italian civil engineer, Signor Gabelli, has just published a pamphlet setting forth the possibility of uniting tbe Island of Sicily with the Peninenla of Italy by means ot a tutnel. He shows that the nature of the sea-bed allows of the comparatively easy carrjing out of the scheme. The tuanei would be 13,546 metres in length from end to end, eudiis estimated to cost £2,800,000. A mammoth beehive has been discovered in tbo bosom of the noted peak commonly called 'Old Baldy,' in California. The bees at woik in the wild mountain hive are almost innumerable, and they have in store a gigantic mountain of pure honey, which ia estimated to be ISO feet deep acd 200 feet wide, and con tains more than 500 barrels of the genuine article. California Is a wonderful country. Old Deacon Sharp never told a lie, bat he need to relate this :— He waa standing one day beBide a frog pond— we have his word for it— and saw a large garter snake moke an attempt on an c ncrmous bull-frog. The snake seizad one of the frog's hind leg?, and the frog, to be en a par with his snakcehip, caught turn. bj tbe tail, and both commenced swa'.iosei.vg one s&cther;, acd continued tttis perforcur-u-e till nothing was left cf either of them, Man with business eir driven up to the gate snd calls the farmer. 'Ho* arc yci, sir ? I vast to buy a large quantity of (ite rate fodder.' ''I've got plenty of is.' 'Bright and well cured ?'' 'Yea, sir.' 'Never been rained on. eh?'' 'Never his been dbm&ged.;' ' Well, I'd take all jomVo got. I'll send after it tomorrow.' 'Ha most own a big livery stable iu tars,' *-ys the farmer, whon 'the msn drives a?»y, ?'-- , no,' replies & bystander. ' Ha ia the mw ;- facturer of a popular brand of smoking to bacco.' ? 