He Wanted a Shave, Hb was a smoothfaced, flashy-dressed young man, and as he strolled into Ned Sheridan's, and flung himself down on a conch, he looked like a lord of creation. As young Muldoon approached him, and asked him if he wanted the moss on his head cropped short, he answered languidly, " Yes-au-yes." After the opera tion had been performed, young Muldoon, casting a sly glanee at the gentleman's chin, which it would take the aid of the best microscope ever invented to discern the faintest indication of a hair, said in nocently— "Shave, Sir ? " "Au—well—if you think its necessary—au don't mind." " Eyebrows ? Sir." " Wha—a-t ? " " Shall I shave the eyebiows, Sir." Wha-—at infer-nal im-per-tin-ence—wha—t do you mean ? " " Its the only place on your face that 1 can see any hairs, Sir," and the young shaver went out in the back yard to bowl a maiden over to old Ned. The young gentleman went out in the front street, looking the personification of insulted dignity. + " The Truth, about Ghosts." This is the taking title of an annual published by Mr. H. Yickers. The author is Mr. Arthur Melhuish, F.B.A.S., wlio has made a special study of the subject, and writes on it with every desire to be impartial. His view appears to be that apparitions, or ghostly mani festations, do occur sometimes at the time of death, and that supposed manifestations at other periods are spectral illusions. He supports this conclusion by several narratives which, to say the least, are curious. I do not believe in ghosts at all, but Mr. Melhuish's remarks and the correspondence em bodied in his annual are worthy of perusal. • # * The Paris Figaro had a long article headed (in very large type) " Marwood" in Sept. 7 last, and signed by " T. Johnson." I translate the first sentence:— The almost- sudden death, of Marwood, the English hangman, considered with (raprochfo) the murderer of James Carey, the informer, and following speedily the Irish executioners, cannot fail to gire birth, in minds the least tainted, to the idea of an vengeance accomplished by the orders of the Society of In vincibles. Invincibles ? Booh! Marwood's corpse was sub jected to an autopsy, and he died of a cold in the chest—complication by jaundice and aggravated by his intemperate habits. 