THE WEEK.- Tho chairman and secretary of the Central Board of Health are primarily responsible for tho disgraceful bungling that occurred in con nection with the arrival of the It. M.S. Homo, on Monday last. Although apprised nearly a wcok previously of tho fact of n small-pox patient being on board, and that it would bo necessary to quarantine tho passengers, the measures adopted to copo with the emergency led to an inexplicable muddle. Tho services of Br. Lovb wore engaged, it is true, but his instructions wore of so. vaguo a chnraotcr that on tho arrival of tho mail steamer he was wholly unprepared to act. His in structions did not authorise him to go on board tlio Rome, trad tho ordinary health olHcor at the Heads, Br, Bulmcr, was strictly prohibited V om doing bo, in order that lie might not bo prevented from attending to his duty of pass ing ships and BtcamerB as they arrived. Tho result was a complete deadlock, and tho un necessary, detention of tho mails for fully twelve hours. The numberless telegrams that passed to and fro, the unsatis factory if not contradictory orders for warded, and tho complete paralysis of all the officials concerned, displayed an in capacity on tho part of the Board verging on imbecility. Tho least forethought might have prevented tho contretemps. Tho inspector of tho Board, if not the secretary, who, properly speaking, is the executive officer of the Board, should have been on the spot and dircctod operations. It is ridiculous to conduct matters of so important a nature by circumlocution, red tape and the tele- graph. It is no excuse to urge that if cither Br. Levis or Br. Bulmer had shown common sense and gone a little beyond tho letter of their instructions the difficulty would not havo arisen. Tho Board had the appoint ment of Br. Levis, and if he lacked tact and intelligence, and insisted upon scrupulously ad hering to tho directions given him, the biamo must rest with tho membera of tho Board. Considering all tho circumstances of tho ease, tho public can arrive at no other conclusion than that tho new Board of Health ha3 proved a signal failure, and that its machinery requires radical overhauling. Two very interesting contributions to the history of the labor traffic and of labor in the Pacific have been mado during the last week. One is by Mr. Lambie, who wa3 for some time curate to Mr, Charlos Strong, and who has been taking ministerial work in Pijifora spell, whore he seems to have imbibed the feelings of tho planters very strongly, Mr. Lambie objects to the missionaries because they do not train tho natives to any useful mundane work. He thinks they ought to bo taught that work, if it be not necessary to the salvation of on indivi dual soul, is indispensnblo to the salvation of society. Suroly this is a confusion of purposes. It is for the churches to teach prayer and doctrine, not tho handling of a hoo or the best way to tend a sugar plantation. Next Mr. Lambie objects to the ordinances which limit a Kanaka's hours of work to nino a day ; and which force a planter to give him a mosquito net for his bed, and yams for his food. We believe even nine hours are far too much for savages unaccustomed to labor when they first land ; and the regulation about yams is based on the fact that, yam3 are the staple food of the Kanaka, as bread and meat are of the English navy. Mosquito nets do not cost much, and are something like a neces sary of life in tropical parts. Generally Mr. Lambie murmurs because the Kanaka is better oared for than tho English laborer, and the Fijian's rights over land are better secured than those of the Highland crofter have been. This is in effect to say that becauso terrible abuses exist in England, we ought to naturalise them among the islander3 of the Pacific. Meanwliilo a White Book has been laid be fore tho Engb'sh Parliament, which entirely confirms all that Mr. George Morrison stated about tho labor traffic. The German Govern ment has made representations to England about tho labor ships : speaks of tho method they pursue as " not distinguishable from slave hunting says that when escapes are at tempted the orew make use of their . firearms and bloody conflicts often ensue ; and charges ' three ships in particular with slavery and massacre. What is moro, " a Gorman war ship has been specially commissioned to use force in caso of 'need against the perpetrators of such crimes." It is not Exeter Hall that is hypocritical, but the cynical Prince Bismarck who is humane and firm. Mr. Redmond has been interviewed by a representative of the JPalt Mall Gazette, and apposes to havo unburdened his mind with great frankness, to tho extent of furnishing a practical corrective to . certain inaccurate statements which ho made when he first went home. Then ho declared that liis mission hod been a success. Now ho contents himself with saying that the chief aspiration of Irish men in Australia is for Home Rulo in Ireland, and goes off to sneer, at colonial society, to declare that Australian loyalty is lip-loyalty, and to hint that we only want Now G uinea in order to enslavo its population. We suppose we may conclude that Mr. Redmond regards tho Irish settlers in Australia as Irishmen, not as Australians, the most damaging thing he could say of them ; and is Becretly contrasting the culture and high tone of aLongmora, a Fogarty, and a Mason with that inferior Saxon socioty, beyond the outskirts of which he never penetrated. To do tho gentle men with whom he mixed while ho was in these ports justice, wo do not think they can be charged with much lip loyalty. They, rallied to a man ronnd the signatories of tho Grattan address' and are apt, we believe, in their social gatherings steadily to exclude the Queen's health. Still we doubt if their leading aspiration is to free. Ireland. Most of thorn seem more intent on pushing their way in tho world or getting Government billets. Ab regards the loyalty of other Aus tralians, Mr, Redmond knows by experience that it is strong enough to oheckmate a mis chievous agitator. Let us assure him that it is based upon something moro than soutiment, though sentiment nndonbtcdly enters into it. It derives part of its Btrength from tho convic tion that our interests and those of tho mother country are inseparable, - and that men who wish to break up tho British Empire aro men whom Australians aro called upon to Btamp out for their own sake3. As for Now Guinea, Mr. Redmond, who, after all, was a mere tourist among us, has got his ideas about it mixed. Sir Thomas MTwraith, we beliove, did look upon it as a possible hotbed for native labor ; but the other colonics, particularly Victoria, have interposed with a request that it may bo brought under Imperial or federal rule, in order to keep it free from the'abuses of tho labor traffic. Bishop Moorhouse has received a commu nication from England, informing him that ho is not warranted in authorising " any minister or member of any denomination other than the Church of England to preach in any church or chapol of the said Church of England." Tho persons who condemned Br, Bromby for lending his pulpit to Mr. Charles Strong aro therefore justified; and it is ruled that no PreB- byterian, Lutheran, Wesleyan, Independent or Baptist can be allowed to preach God's word from an Anglican pulpit. It is easy to understand why this has been tho law of tho Church of England. That church is a politi cal church, subject to the State and to lay tribunals, and its discipline crystallised at a time when all dissenters were looked upon as rebels to royal authority. Then, again, tho High Church party believes in what is known as Apostolic Succession, and thinks that a clergyman, to be qualified for bis work, must have received the Holy Ghost, by transmission of hands, from tho Apostle3. Accordingly the Anglican bishops have shown themselves now and again very tolerant of outsiders, who had been ordained by Catholic or Moravian or Greek Bishops. It is the pretension of one congregation or church to appoint its minister that is tho ineradicable offence in Presby- terionism. It would be very ridicutous, If it were not sad, to see these distinctions kept up in tho presont day in a community like our own, whore thoro is no Stato church. Suroly the Church of England in these colonies ought to emancipate itself from a purely arbitrary rule, which its founders adopted under very peculiar and different circumstances. Of courso, if there' Ib unrestricted liberty, a Bishop will now and again be callod upon to do an unpopular and distasteful thing by refusing his licence where it i3 proposed to lend tho pulpit .to a religious firebrand, or to an ad vanced freethinker. The slight embarrass ment this would cause, however, is as nothing compared to the advantages of a federal union between the great Christian churches, with free interchange of tho best thoughts and the most burning eloqnence. Probably if thoro bo ono politician more than any other in the colonies whose career has been unmixedly mischievous, Sir John Robertson may be said to enjoy that distinc tion. He has contrived to waste the national domain in Now South Wales in such a manner as to impoverish the State without really benefiting any class, and he represents tho Now South Wales feeling of rancor against Victoria in its most offonsivo form. He made a speech . against federation the other day, partly by way of opposition to Mr. Stuart, but chiefly in order that ho might attack the re presentatives of Victoria at tho conference ; and as tho great argument for annexing New Guinea and other islands is that we may secure ourselves from the neighborhood of convicts, Sir John expressed an opinion that tho Go vernment of France was too chivalrous to per sist in sending unpleasant characters into these latitudes, if proper representa tions on the subject were made. It is difficult, of courso, to know what Sir John means by "proper representations." Lord Lyons has stated the cose for Australia very forcibly and well in a recent conference, and M. Ferry has replied that the agitation in the colonics is nothing moro than " blow," and that ho was not prepared to promiso that tho French Government would apply for the extradition of men escaping. This may be chivalrous, but it is not complying with a very reasonable request. Howover, the French Consul has, of course, Bcized the flpportunity to thank Sir John for his "kind and con siderate remarks," which it appears contrast favorably with somo that havo been mado by politicians on the other side of the border. Of course it would be very pleasant for the French Consol and his Government if all Australian statesmen were like Sir John Robertson, ready to accept ticket-of-lcavo men, rather than join another colony in pro testing against them. Tho Maori King, Tawhalo, has collected about £4000 to defray the expenses of a visit to England, in which he lyjll be accompanied by two of the native chiefs. The real reason of the mission is that Tawhaio finds his policy of isolation completely defeated by the tactics of Mr. Bryce, and wants apparently to secure the intervention of tho Imperial Go vernment. The Now Zealand press seems to bo afraid that ho may be taken up by the Exoter Hall party, and that a good deal of confusion will result, but we imagine tho Colonial Offico is not likely to interfere oxcept for very strong reasons between, the Now Zea land Parliament, in which Maoris sit, and a chief who headed a formidable rebellion. What Tawhaio proposes to ask is not altogether unreasonable. Ho wants tho whole of his present territory to be kept intact, by a regulation that . 'no individual — chief or commoner— can alienate land. There is no doubt that if. unrcstriotcd sale is permitted land jobbers will soon bo in possession of titles, more or loss legal, to all tho native domain. On the other hand, it is scarcely fair that the Maoris, who. aro declining in numbers, should keep more 'land than they want or cau use simply to debar whites from coming upon it. It ought not to bo diffioult to.arrange that there shall be a native reserve, inalienable for twenty or even fifty years, 'and that the New Zealand Government may ac quire tho rest of the lands as it wants them by paying a fair price for them. Tawliaio's other request is to be that a Maine liquor law may bo enforced in native territory. This is said to bo tho wish of tho natives, and to bo necessary for their existence. It ought to be granted without hesitation, and we believe Tawhaio could get it from tho Governor with out going to England, However, it 13 satis, factory to learn that tho old king has donned the bluo ribbon for tho time of his absence— not, wo believe, without causo. Mr. L. L. Smith 13 clearly exceeding his functions as chairman of tho trustees of the Exhibition Building, Ho seems to be using his position to-advertise himself personally anl professionally, thereby degrading tho charac ter of the Exhibition to the level of a very in ferior show, It 13, no doubt, very desirable to make the building a paying concern, and no better mode of accomplishing this object could be devised than by holding an exhibition, although it may be only intercolonial in namq and as a matter of fact consist only of trades mon's goods, such as may be seen in large establishments in Melbourne. It is, however, offensive to good taste to discover that tin "Doctor" has fittod up a complete conrt de voted to that system of puffing for which ha has long been notorious, and in which ho in dulged, not only as an ordinary member of the legislature, but as one of the occu pants of tho Treasury bench. Docs it not strike one as beneath the dignity of tho trust to follow tho example of a circus and menagerio troupe, in sending ont a band of mnsicians to parade tho pnbllo streets to tont for patronage ? The trust may be an independent body and deprecate if not defy any interference on the part of tho Govern, ment, but we are decidedly of opinion that rathor than tolerate the extraordinary manner in which the Exhibition has of lato been uti lised, Parliament shonld step in and, for tho credit of the colony, terminate the farcical proceedings of the chairman of tho trust. We pointed out some weeks ago that Mr. Coppin was altogether on the wrong track in proposing a return to that system of a refor matory ship which has failed so signally time after time in Victoria. Captain Evans has now returnedfromSydney, whoroho has been in specting tho Vernon, and he has communioated his impressions to Mr. Berry. Tho chief point about them is that Mr. Goppiu is mistaken as to all the chief facts of tho case. In tho first place, the Vernon and the Ballarat Reforma tory cannot properly be compared. All tho boys at Ballarat ore of tbo criminal class. On the Vernon 55 per cent, of tho boys are per fectly well conducted and innocent boy, though for some incomprehensible reason thoy are sent to associate with young larrikins; Next that there are no absconders from tho. Vernon, of whieh Mr. Coppin makes so great a point, is dne simply to tho fact that the boys cannot abscond. They live in a ship, watched by sharks, who are exceedingly good gaolers. Were they trusted on shore, no ono who knows thorn doubts that thoy would be off on the first opportunity. Wo thus come baok to the question whether a ship 13 a better training school thaa a farm. That is very simply answered. Boys taught, as at Bal larat, on a farm, and learning to plough and to milk, are able to find employmont afterwards of tho best possible kind in the country dis tricts, in plaee3 where their labor is needed, and where they are not exposed to the tempta. tions of tho town, or to meeting with old as sociates. Boys taught on board tho Nelaon would only be fitted for life at sea, or life in a town. Mr. Coppin talks of drafting them mtc tho Naval Reserve, but even if that most ill. advised step were taken, and the Reservo aban doned to thoso boys, we could not employ a fifth part of tho boys we turn out in this way, Experience ha3 shown that the merchant ser vice will not take them, will not even look at them. Practically they would havo to find situations in Molbourne, where they woult soon go back to their old haunts and their oli lives of idleness and crime. Mr. W. G. Marsh, secretary of the Malr bourne Young Men's Christian Association, has been making some highly sensational statements in New Zealand, respecting tlio enormity of tho vice which prevails in Aus tralia. At a meeting held recontly in Welling ton lie supported bis general allegations by in stancing a " banquet being held in Australia to celebrate tho one-hundredth seduction achieved by a membor of the legislature." The charge is not explicit as regards a par ticular colony. It may apply to any. Tho lcgislatnre that thinks the cap fits is welcome, we suppose, to don it. This modo of shuffling ont of the responsibility of uttering whntseemy upon the face of it an ontrageoos falsehood and libol will not, howover, satisfy the public. Mr. Marsh has been challenged to adduco proof in anpport of his statement, and his reply !' is the reverse of satisfactory! Ho declares that he simply stated in his lecture a fact that had beeD published in a newspaper some time ago, a cutting from which was sent to him; In order to bolstor up his position, Mr. Marsh has sought corroboration from a friend's testi mony, who, in answer to a communication on the subject, says : — " I remember distinctly some time ago, your showing me a newspaper "Cutt(d|;vfhlch stated that some public man -bad held a banquet in honor of bis hundredth sedufitiia." It will be observed that Mr. his friend differ in their version of the paragraph. While one throws the blame upo.fl/naejnber of tbe legislature, the other refeiisi..to a "public man." Perhaps if the euttjfig were forthcoming it would bo found that;,hoth . those young men were in error in ' iteir conclusion, or the statement itseli, could bo proved to be a vile fabrication. It most be obvious to tho most slender intel lect that such a gathering for so infamous a purpose was in the highest degree improbable. Don (Than, 'in all his glorification by novelists and poftp, must have been only an amateur in vice . as compared with this . apocryphal mem ber of the legislature, or public man, as de scribed by. Mr. Marsh and his friend. We are disposed.', to think that tbe anecdote had its origin in. the imagination of Mr. Marsh hira- Eeif, who. was desirous, ho doobt, of seasoning a tatue' discourse, and so arresting the atten tion bi ' his audience by a statement which smacks of pruriency no less than of gross exaggeration. i . 1 TBe.decision of the Steam Navigation Board respecting tile collision between the Wairarapa and the Adelaide must be declared eminently unsatisfactory. The penalty imposed was wholly disproportionate to the nature of the breach of the regulations, It was clearly de- ducibje from the evidence that both Captain Chatfldiiand Captain Lockyer were engaged in a trial, of speed under circumstances that jeopardised not only the Bafety of their steamers, but tho lives of all on board. One waited for the other off Williamstown, and having got well abreast each blew tho steam whistle like a blast of defiance, and away they went' at. their utmost speed down the West Cuanhol. They were occasionally so near to each other that derisive observations passed, between the passengers on the re spective steamers, and as tho thick volumes of smoke accompanied by flames, belched from;, .the, funnels,, thp .steamers re sembled, .as was described by an eye witness,- two huge marine monsters en gaged in a' deadly combat. That the colli sion,' whieb waa inevitable, did not result more seriously was little Bhort of a miracle! Techni cally,, it was the duty of Captain Lockyer, of the Adelaide, when he found the Wairarapa ahead of him in the channel to havo Btoppc-d and allowed the latter to proceed, and for this breach of tho regulations his certiflcatc was suspended for two months. Taking, however, into -'consideration the darkness of tho night and the danger of navigation tho board held " that the evidence disclosed tho fact that both steomerB : wero proceeding down tho West Channel at a high rate of speed, as well as being occasionally la dangerous proximity to each other."; They accordingly declared such conduct highly reprehensible on tho part of the masters, for which they were both cen sored, .'and cantioned as to their future condiict. .'This is tbo very acme of -clemency on the part of the Steam Navigation Board, and will have the effect,'1 wo'- fear, of shaking public confidcnc in a tnbunal charged with very important f mictions. . Had the collision been tho result of the 'slightest negligence, the punishment could scarcely have been lighter ; but when it arose from a deliberate breach of tho regula tions, and tho lives of many persons wero thereby endangered, tho decision Booms partial and incommensurate with the nature of the offence, ' It is a noteworthy fact that, with fow excep tions, the fatal accidents in mines are directly traceable to 'negligence and disregard of the re gulAtiOD s i 6s u e d by the department. Even tho Creswlck' disaster, in which so many livee were.' sacrificed, might have been averted if propcrcsre had been takon to verify the sur veys piade. , The accident which occurred last weekat Walballo, in connection with tho New Tubal /Cam' mine, is another instance of that recklessness which too often accompanies the constant' presence of danger. Two men, nam'e'd ..Thomas and Hughes, were suffo cated" in the shaft, owing to foul air and .the defective appliances used in centering Iho men to tho surface. For Bpine time previously the air and water bad been very troublesome in the mine. No precautionary measures, however, wero adopted to 'prevent miBhap, A man named Oliver descended the shaft on tbo occasion referred to,-; hut was taken up in a semi- nncoriscipus state, having been overcome by the foul air.'. Despite this, Thomas, who was mining! manager, descended, and lighted a fire to creato'a 'draught, hut was finally overcame. HugbcS ' ondamau named Williams then went to tho assistance of Thomas, but the latter, afterre- maihingsuspendedintheshaftforsomeminutcs, was asphyxiated. The two men followed, but before the braco was reached Hughes, rendered nnconscio'ns, lost his hold, and was precipitated down, the- shaft, a distanco of 90 feet, and was killed instantaneously. At the inquest held upon the bodies it was proved that if thore bad been proper appliances ' in the mine for contending with font air no lives need have -been sacrificed. No doubt, only that Thomas was. one of tho victims of tho disaster, the . findlqg of, tho coroner's jury would havo been /equivalent to a verdict of man slaughter against him as . manager, but the .fact remains that tho most ordi nary precautions wero neglected in the \- mine/and that theroby the accident wus at tended with fatal consequences. It is the oft. (Old tale, whioh seems to carry no moral with A Sorely there , must bs something wrong, either in' the system , of ' working fir in the official inspection of mines, that so many pre- ventible disasters should occur. If Mr. Levien would apply himpplf to, the elucidation of the question as to the best means of guard ing against fatalities in. minps, his tenure of office would not, as hitherto, present the utter negation of usefulness. Intelligence has been received by cable of the rumored capture of Khartoum by the in surgent Arabs, and that General Gordon bos been made a prisoner. Happily tbe- report requires confirmation. The good fortune that has hitherto attended Chinese Gordon it is to be hoped may not desert him in this extremity, but until more definite information is received it would be absurd not to admit the gravity of the situation. The British 'Government has drawn up a Bcheme for presentation to the European powers, with a view to the solution of the Egyptian difficulty. A leading feature of the Imperial proposals is the disband- ment of the native army. It is not at all probable that any of the Continental, powers will be inclined to assist Mr. Gladstone in his extremity, which has been brought about by the direst muddling and the most shameful disregard for national rights. General Millot, commander of the French forces operating in Tonquin, has bombarded tbe port of Honghon, situate near the delta at tbe mouth of tbe Red River. The position was evacuated: by the Chinese troops and taken immediate possession of by the French. An insurrection has oc curred in the island of Cuba, hut the Imperial troops had no difficulty in quelling the dis turbance, The Empress of China, it is stated, has become so discontented with the dilatory policy pursued by her Ministers in relation to Tonqain that she has publicly degraded Prince Kuug, the Minister for Foreign Affairs, and four other members of . her Privy Council. This summary mode of dealing with lethargic officials may possibly havo the desired effect of bringing about a more decided policy as re gards the French occupation of Tonquin. It is satisfactory to learn that tho authorities in England have arrested one of tho miscreants identified with the late dynamite explosions in London. The man's name is Daly, and wheu taken into custody he was' found to. have in his possession five infernal machines similar to those recently discovered in various parts of London. An accomplice named Egan has also been arrested, and the proofs forthcoming are said to be sufficient to wairaat his being sent for trial. Her Majesty the Queen, by latest aavices,! has left England for the continent, with the object of being present at the nuptials; of Prince Louis of Battenberg and Victoria, eldest daughter of tbe late Princess Alice. 