-"NOTHEING IN THE PAPERS." BY IZAAK. I am nothing if not critcaL-SoiAKeSreAR. In my last I criticised the action of the Shire Council in general and Cr. Murray, Esq,, gentleman, (full title) in particular, re Contractor Flanagan's application for return of deposit money. This has called forth a rejoinder from the local conservative organ, in which the writer gravely asserts that I did knowingly. and willfully misrepresent the true facts of the case, and he proceeds to give his version of what took place at the last council meeting. There are of course two sides to every question, and in this in. stance, lam happy to say that my statements were strictly correct and can be verified if need be. Mr. Murray's apologist says that the council could take no action in this affair because it was a matter " between the engi. neer and contractor." Such, however, was not the case, and the councillors must have known that it was a matter between the " engineer and the council." Now every. body knows or ought to know that when a contractor has completed his contract and received payment in full the council cannot legally keep back the deposit money. Contractor Flanagan had received payment in full, and it would appear that it was sub. sequent to his giving a certificate the oengi. neer made certain discoveries which caused him to demurat the council meeting to the deposit money being returned. Councillor Murray was therefore entirely wrong when he said that this was a matter for settle. moet between the enginner and contractor. It might have been an " error of judgment" on the engineer's part in supposing that he could hold the deposit money after the con tract money had been paid, but every sen. sible person will agree that the contractor should not be made to suffer on that Sc. cotint. The writer of the paragraph in question gleefully asserts that " the man" is "doing what is required by the en gineer" and he cannot see he says why the " lawyers are exultant and the ratepayers are indignant" as stated by me. It is quite true that the contractor has done what the engineer required him to do, but that was done under instructions from his solicitor, and as the afhir is not yet settled we shall see what we shall see at the next County Court, and if the writer in question cannot now see what is too plainly visible to every. body else I will kindly lend him a "double million magnifying gas miseroscope" which will considerably assist him in the operation. It is also denied point blank that "the man" threatened to go to law if they would not hear him. To which I can only say that several witnesses can be produced who did hear him say "that they would bear him in a court of .law." I think I have said sufficient to show the public on which side the mdat truth rests, and that with. out even the use of italics. Once more, yet once more, a word about our footpaths. When the new gravel was being put on them I complained of its clayey nature, and stated that the least shower of rain would make it stick to the boots like glue. The result was that the so-called gravel was condemned, as I suggested, and the remainder of the footpath, that is to say, the part from the Colonial Bank to Marks' corner, was covered with good gravel from the quarry at Cameron's Hill. The recent heavy rains have clearly demonstrated the truthfulness of my prediction, and the public now know which is the best gravel. The paths on both sides of Murray-street, cast of the Hesse-street crossing are almost impas. sible, being in such a wet, sloppy, and dis. graceful state, and pedestrians are again loud in their complaints at the mud and slush through which they are forced to wade, and they will not, and ought not, to rest satis fied until a coating of the good gravel I have alluded to is put on. After all the expense that has been gone to over our footpaths, the only piece that'is clean and comfortable to walk on is that from the Colonial Bank upwards. Just a word about those bouquets that played such an important part at the Irre willipe concert. People wondered. where they all came from, and so many of them too. A little'bird has whispered to me the way the thing was worked, and it would not be a bad plan to adopt at some of our local concerts. It must be evident to every one that where all the artistes are good-accept. ably good-that each one should receive a bouquet, whether male or female matters not. This was how it was done. It was pre-arranged between some of the singers and a few of the visitors that everyone who made his bow before the audience should get a certain number of those much coveted bou. quets, and as there was only a limited num ner of them, a little ruse was resorted to in (order that all should share alike. Know then that as soon as ever the flowers were thrown a certain young gallant proceeded round to the ante-room to collect them,sand then returned to be ready for the next singer. I have been informed by one who ought to know, you know, that this little arrangement gave general satisfaection, and caused more fun and merriment amongst those who were in the secret than even the songs themselves did. I am not a dreamer of dream.s, nor yet do I see visions, but my proplhtic soul seems lifted up into the third heaven as I steadily contemplate the grand future that lies in store for the young women of this town. They are to be transformed by degrees into all that is beautiful and good, they are to be the embodiment of honesty, truth and virtue, of modesty uprightness and every christian grace and adornment. They are or will be intelligent, large-hearted, and the social savours of. their kind, enriched with all manner of learning and diction, and true exponents of the art and mystery of unravol. ling the most profound questions of science, philosophy or laws. As Christians they will also labour con amore in evangelising the world, and as they step from niche to niche on their way up the hill of fame, a glory not of this earth will compass them about, and as they steadily progress onwards and upwards, and higher anod higher above anything yet reached by woman, a loud and ridging cheer from millions'of earth-boru -sens will go up to her on her giddy height, proclaiming to the whole universal world that she was ac tuated by nobler and better thoughts than the finding of a sweetheart when she went to the meetings of the "Young Christian's Union." Grand,:grand, and yet again grand, but very inmprobable, very. He was a cornet player of no mean order, and by trade or profession a rabbit-trapper. Now, can those two "arts" be made to "as similate," or transformed into a comprehen. sive whole, as it were Never. Impossible. Is there not a monotony about the latter that must be exceedingly trying and exces. sively galling to a great and sensitive nature. Fancy the ghost of Mendelsohu or of Strauss coming around some fine night and finding our musical prodigy setting a rabbit. trap. perish the thougllt, No, the great soul within that throbs and pulsates with the "music of the sphere" would revolt from such an " unholy combination," and in precipitate haste his traps would be flung to the winds, and away he would go to where he could indulgo in unintor rupted reposethe craving of his high born nature for musical sounds. This, in fact, is what really did happen to our cornet playing hero, He has now determined to go to the great and wicked metropolis, and there gain for himlself a nameo and fame. liis leaving the town will be a severe loss, but considering the great gain this stop will be to him we will try and bear up with be coming fortitude. His success is almost a surety, for is he not considercd the best player on t1le cornet out of Melbhourne ? and the great thicatres of the city will obtain in him a great acquisition to their orehcstras whlen hle is fortunate enough to get placed, which, of course, is a matter of time, years being no object to this itmpassioned soul, Use Hor lBiit.ts once and. you ill use so othersmodicine,. est it. 'Be sgro puld he:iti 