ITEMS BY THE MAIL. (home 2sew5, april 1l) The work of lighting the Paris Opera by in candescent light has already begun. The whole house will require G000 lamps ; at present 400 lamps are used. Two English ladies, who have travelled from. Switzerland to the Riviera on a sociable tricycle, are about to start for a journey right through France. Honigmann's fireless locomotive, driven by chemically -induced heat, has been used regularly since Match 31 for passenger traffic between Stolbeig, near Air -la -Chape lie, and Wurfelen. The locomotive when charged will go for twelve hours. It is well known that the French have nearly two millions of trained and partially trained soldiers as their peace establishment. Not con tent with this great army, which is a standing menace to all European powers, and especially to Germany, if the bill proposed by the Minister of War, General Campenon, be earned, every Frenchman will be a soldier. The Republic is preparing a dragon's crop of armed men which will some day be let loose on Europe. At Miamisburg, Ohio, thousands of people surround the graveyard every night to witness the antics of an alleged ghost. The mayor, marshal, revenue collector, and hundreds of prominent people testify to having seen it. Several hundred people, armed with clubs and guns, assaulted the spectre, which appeared to be a woman in white. Clubs, bullets, and shots tore the air in which the misty figure floated without disconcerting it in the least. The people of the town turned out, and began exhuming all the bodies in the cemetery to get at ic. Three have already been exhumed. The latest reports issued by the Minister of War give the following figures as representing the effective of the Italian army on Sept. 30, 1SS3 Regular armv, 750.705 men ; mobilised forces, 341,250 ; total, 1,092,015 men. To these must be added 1533 officers en disponibUiUf 4742 officers oi the territorial army, 374S officers of the reserve, and 1,017,212 men of the territorial army, forming a total of 2,118,250 men. Of these, 450,000 men have served from two to three years, 50,000 over three years, and a75» IWl enmathinrr lace this tVA VASTS. The territorial possessions of the Duke of Buccleuch were enormous. They are returned at 460,008 acres, with a rental of £217,163. By far the larger part of this extensive property is situate in Scotland, but the Dake of Buccleuch was a large land-owner as times go in England, and it speaks much for his good sense, adminis trative skill, and his natural kindliness and generosity that both in England and Scotland — ia fact, wherever he was a landowner — be should have been, so generally esteemed and respected, whilst never ceasing to require from his tenants and from bis neighbours fair and honest dealing. The preparations for the great bull fight which is to take place on May 9 at the Hippodrome in Paris, have begun. The Due de Castries is the president of the committee, and all the sangui nary features of bull-fighting are to be absent. The bulls are not to be killed, and the horses are to wear cuirasses, so that even the gold- tipped horns of the bull may not cause an accident. Frascuelo, the king of bull-fighters, gives his services, and so does Calderon, the chief picador of Spain. The prices already paid for places are fabulous. Ihe box- office price of & stall is 50 francs, and tbe ticket-sellers will probably double this. The -boxes are 1000 irancs eacn. iiie receipts will oe very great, and it is to be hoped that tbe Maternal Charity will have a very large balance after all disburse ments. A very interesting telephonic experiment was trit?d last week in connection with tbe Conserva tive meetings at tbe Town Hall, Birmingham. Mr. SL Harding Mil ward, of that town, who resides at Linthurst, Bromsgrove, a distance of twelve miles from Birmingham, conceived tbe idea of inviting a few personal friends to his house to listen to the speeches of Lord Randolph Churchill and Colonel Burnaby, and the success ful result of the exiieriment was beyond all anticipation. Not only was every word of the several speakers heard, but every ejaculation of the audience ; and by the tone of the voioe the 1 steners had no difficulty in distinguishing who was addressing the audience. It is not generally known that the eldest daughter of the present Lord Lytton has taken up tbe family pen, and although only about fourteen or fifteen years of age, has already printed and published for private circulation one of the most blood-curdling ghost stories that has seen the light for many a long day. IVe herd on good authority that Messes. Long man would have published it in their magazine bad it not been that it was rather longer than their space would allow of ; but the idea of cur tailing tbe 6tory was indignantly repudiated, so it has been placed in the hands of a few privileged friends exactly as the juvenile anthores6 wrote it down. She inherits a vast store of talent from both sides of the house, and we 6hall look forward to her public appear- ui lue ritnjta oi autnoresses wim a great amount of curiosity. The week has been rignalised by two great disasters. The first of these was a shodr of earthquake early in tbe morning of Tuesday, April 22, in tbe Eastern Counties of England. Bo severe a visitation bas never been known in this country before. The shock was felt from the North Foreland to Suffolk and Leicester shire, and as far inland as the metropolis. Its centre was Wyvenhoe, near Colchester. Houses were unroofed, ornaments tumbled fiom the chimney-pieces and walls, chimney- stacks fell everywhere, and strong church steeples were brought to the ground. The disturbance was sharp and short, lasting prob ably less than three seconds. The greatest lAfuoMCTiauon was everywnere created. xne buildings rocked and the earth quivered, and, miraculous to say, though thousands of terrified persons rushed into toe streets, no lives were lost. Tbe damage done is enormous, and is calculated at not less than £10,000 in Colchester alone. The printing world Is modi disturbed by toe alleged discovery of a new process which enables any number of copies to be taken of the oldest book without setting a line of type. A com pound has been discovered which may be spread upon a page without in the slightest way injur ing the paper, and which refuses to rest upon ink. - It can be easily removed to a stone, and then -becomes the matrix for stereotype, or can be used for printing from at once. . A rare Al- dine may be given to the inventor of thic new- process, and it will be returned without a stain or a mark, uninjured, and only cleaned, and along with it an exact fac- simile, letter for letter and broken stop for broken stop, of the volume which he has had in bis possession for only a few days. Practical printers are moving to see "whether they cannot save toe cost of re-setting old editions ; and if certain practical HifflmlriAB „ a.re got oyer, a change, will be seen not only in the production of fac-simiies pf old books, but in the reproduction of modern books. It will no longer be uccessaiy to keep type standing. No book will ever be really "out of print "eo long as a copy of it remains. - - It will be nearly.: -as cheap to reproduce a volume as to print an extra copy of a volume p»«ing through the printing machine. A newly -married pair, named Kozma, left , Nyitra, in Hungary, on March 10, for their weuiung tout, ana snout three weekb ago toey amved at Montreux, on the Lake of Geneva. After upending a few days there toey went tip to ' Glion, where they appeared very happy. After staying there a fortnight they arranged to leave the next morning ai route lor Nyitra. They packed up their luggage, said good- bye . to ' , their friends, and, after ordering a carriage to be toady at sunrise to convey them to toe station, they retired to their room at an early hour. In \ toe morning the porter, as he had been ordered,, went awaken toem. "There was no answer, to bis knock. A locksmith was sent fori and the door forced open. M. .Kozma was . fonnd lying on the floor in spool of. blood. EGs head bren pierced by a ball, and by his side lay a&x--.; chambered revolver. Madame Eostna was in bed,®rommglyfHst adeep,but qurtedead. .-Ah blue, almost -imperceptible, hole in the tempte ; toowedheretfae bullet had entetedher brain. ' Tfie 'doctor' said that ehe had died tiro bonis before her husband. M. KozmaV nephew, who' name to Montreux to arrange about the. funeral, . Mid thai his uncle Was a man of irritable and xnelancholjjtaopaauheni; that he had often ex pressed a duguBt for life, and must have IdHed his wife and committed self-murder while ! labouring Under fanipjy jn«Lwily. | An extraordinary and altogether onprece- J dented demonstration was made in Strathspey ! last week at the funeral of the late Eul of Sea- field. It is. scarcely postibleto exaggerate toe : high hopes that the conduct of toe late earl had raised in toe minds of those who are connected with toe territories that he owned, or the dis appointment that a break should have occurred in tbe direct descent of the titles and possessions of the illustrious family. The mating together of over two thousand people from the extremities of four counties to take part in a funeral pro cession was in itself a striking fact. The Coun tess of Seafield, mother of the young nobleman, had been greatly touched by toe sympathy ex pressed oa her behalf, and she determined that everything possible should be done conducive to the convenience and comfort of those coming from a distance. Everyone invited to the funeral bad his railway ticket franked, and some idea of toe munificence of this provision may be gathered from the fact that tbe special train that carried the mourners from Forres to Castle Grant private station was one of toe largest that had ever been run over the Highland line, and consisted of forty-four carriages, drawn by three engines. It brought hut a section of the company, many having come by the ordinary train fro in the south, and a large number by toe Strathspey line. The following appears in the Anglo-Brazilian Times : — " The Police- corporal Mariano Monteiro da Silva, a man quiet and attentive to his duties, and tenderly attached to his wife, Leocadia Francises, was on his way through his back garden to his usual parade, when he noticed in the rear of it signs of the recent presence of two persons, and, coupling them with what he considered anxiety on toe part of his wife that ne soouia not go rate to paraue, jeaiouBy bwok within him. As soon as he could he hastened home, brooding over his suspicions, and as he entered bis land he saw in the dusk two figures, one of a man, toe other of a woman wearing a pink dress such as his wife had on that day. Hashing forward, he drove his bayonet seven times into the man, and then, seeing that tbe woman fled in the direction of the house, he pursued her, and as he entered his yard hesaw his wife hastening forward to meet him. _ With out hesitation, he plunged toe bayonet into her again and until she lay dying on the ground with eighteen bayonet stabs, when he proceeded to headquarters and surrendered him self, telling tbe story of his betrayal and his revenge. Next day, however, a slave girl came to the police end confessed that it was she who had been holding an interview with her lover, when the corporal, misled by the darkness and his jealousy, had attacked them. Poor Leocadia Francisca had perished innocent, like another Desdemona, the victim of her husband's un reasoning, jealous madness. She died in an hour, nH the mgT1 remained in a perilous state." SWINDLING IiiWTEHS. At the London Bankruptcy Court on April 21, the first meeting of the creditors of Messrs. F. Searle and Wm. Searle Parker, the well- known solicitors of Bedford-row, was held under toe presidency of Mr. Harding, the chief official receiver. It will be remembered that they ab sconded in the latter part of February last, and were afterwards adjudicated on toe petition of Mr. R. W. Caldwell, of Gloucester-place, credi tor for £10,000, trust money received by tbem, and afterwards misappropriated. Mr. Whinney and Mr. Turquand were appointed special managers of the business. There was a very large attendance of creditors and legal gentle men. No accounts were produced. At toe con clusion of the taking of the proofs against the joint estate, which occupied upwards of an hour, Mr. Munton said that he appeared on behalf of Mr. Caldwell, the petitioning credi tor. client had been in hopes that his "un secured debt would be only £10,000, but he had since discovered that bis unsecured debt was unfortunately £29,500. On behalf of creditors representing between £70,000 and £80,000, he proposed toe appointment of Messrs. Tur quand and Whinney as trustees of the pro perty of the bankrupts, with Mr. Caldwell, Mr. Henry Parker, and Mr. C. H. Phillips as a committee of inspection. The trustees were unanimously appointed, but with regard to the committee of inspection a long discussion arose as to whether they should be then appointed, or that an adjournment should be ordered, to enable toe creditors to consider the names of the proposed committee, or to add to them if so advised. Eventually the meeting was adjourned to May 6 for the purpose of appointing a com mittee of inspection. At tbe request of a creditor, Mr. "\Vbinney, on behalf of himself and Mr. Turquand, stated that since their appoint ment as special managers, toe bankrupts had been absent toe whole of the time. The books of toe firm had not been made np for five years, but toe entries had been made of current busi ness, and the items of cash received and paid. The books had not been balanced, and therefore it was difficult to say exactly what toe liabilities and assets were. As to tbe amount of the liabilities, toey Lad to a certain extent ascer tained them from from the claims which had been made, and tbey amounted approximately to £1,100,000 ; certainly not less than that. Of that amount half a million was secured, but whether the security was good or not had not yet been ascertained. As to the appropriation of securities by one cre- Hiinr a ntiMtinn «v»n1rl twa niaivl dc imi vhct.hor that appropriation was good or not. Since their appointment, they had been engaged in de livering deeds to various of the clients claiming the same, and the magnitude of the matter would be understood when he stated that there were deeds relating to property valued at upwards of two millions sterling. The legiti mate business of the .firm of " Barkers" was a very good one, the profits being between £iu,000 and £12,000 a year, and that had lately increased to £15,000 a year. The cause of toe failure appeared to have been toe reckless speculation upon which the bankrupts had em barked. They had put money into three hotels, a paint manufactory, a linoleum manufactory, a contractor's business, gas-works, fee., in con nection with Westgate -on-Sea, and the Granville Hotel at Bamsgate. The money invested in .hi« wny was £700,000. That was a general state ment of the affaire of toe bankrupts ; but, of coarse, when the books, were made up the trustees would be in a position to make a more definite statement. Mr. J. Guedella asked whether some steps should not be at once to obtain tbe arrest of these bankrupts. A clerk who embezzled a small sum of money was arrested at once, but here were two men who had fraudulently disposed of thousands of pounds belonging to other people, and who were taking their ease a very short distance away, as well known. . Mr. Harding said that the trus tees would take such, -steps as the committee of inspection, when appointed, ordered them to take. The public examination was fid for April 24. ' 