Buddhism in Selation io Christi- , anity. I At tlin l:ist meeting in'lii in Fuliraaty, liy tlio Victorian (l'liilosjpliical) insti tute, 7, Ailelplii Torrnco, London, a paper was read liv tlie Jiev. ]'. 0. Col lins, M.A., on ljitdillii.sin in relation to Christ ismitr. llcforiing to the parallels liet-weon tlie rsuns and i-liarnctcrs of lSuddlni and JVsus Christ, lie slid : — Tilke, :«n a prominent instance. (.lie liirlli stories. I need not here give details, which :11c to 1 10 fi/intd in ;iiiy modern work on U.idillimn, Tlio supposed miraclons conception ; the bringing down of Buddha ii-oiu tin1 Ttisiln heaven ; the Devus iicknowleiljiiii;; liis supremacy ; tho. presentation in the Toiuple, when the images of Iiiiha ami other gods tbreiv themselves rtt liis feet ; tlie temp tation uy jiani — which legenus are embellished by the modem writer I have already ijuoted under such phrases as ' Conceived liy the Holy Ghost,' 'Born of the Virgin Maya,' ' Song of the heavenly hoM,' ?' Present. it, ion in the Temple and temptation in the wilder ness ' — mil. e of these is found in the e;irly P.iii texts. Tho simple story of ancient lir.i'dliism is tliat 1111 ascetic, whose family name was Gautama, preached a new doctrine of human Miil'ering, and a now way of deliverance from it. There is 110 iho.ight in the early Uaddhism, of which we read in the Pali texts, of deliverance at the hands nl' a god ; b;it the man Gautama ljtiiiilha stand.-; alone in liis striving after tiie true emancipation from sorrow and ignorance. The accounts of liis descending from heaven, and boing con ceived in the world of men, when a pre ternatural light shone over the worlds, the blind received sight, thedumbsang, tbe lame danced, the sick were cured, together with all embellishments, are certainly added by later hands ; and if iiere we recognise some rather remarkable likenesses iu thought or expression to ihings familiar to us iu our Bibles ve need not be astonished, when wo reflect how greiit must hrtve been the influence; as I have before hinted, of the Christian story in India in the early ccntnries of (he Christian era, and, perhaps, long sub sequent!) . This is a point which has been much overlooked ; but it is abun dantly evident from, among other proofs, the storv of the god Krishna, which is a manifest parody of the biilory of Christ. The Jihinjavai-G'Ui, a tlieoso phical poem put into tbe mouth of Krii-lma, is something unique among the ptoduclious of the East, containing many gems of what we should call Christian tnith wrested from their pro per setting, to adorn this creation of the Brahman poet arid indicating as plainly llieir ori;;in as do the stories of liis life in the Muha-Bharaia ; so that it has not unreasonably been concluded that tho story of Krishna was inserted in the Muho-Jihnmea lo furnish a divine sanction lo the lihognvat-Gita. If then, as there is the strongest reason to believe, tho Christian storv, somewhere be tween the firnt and tenth centuries of the Christian era forced itself into the great Hindu epic, aud was at the foundation of the most remark able poem that ever saw the light hi India, can we be surprised if we find similarly borrowed and imitated wonders in the later Buddhist stories also.' Several iJome and Uolomat applications to join the Institute as gt)iii'a sub cribirs Here received, and its object- being to investigate all philosophical and scientific questions, especially any said to militate against the truth of the 13i';Je, — a discussion ensued in which Mr. Hormnzd Uassani, Professi r Leitncr, from Lahore, Mr. Coles, an earnest student of the ques tion during 23 years' residence in Ceylon, ! Pro/c.ssor Rhys Davids and others took 1 part. Ail agreeing in and confirming 4l\n c I m 1 rmi oil t c nf M 1* iiaoak Dr. Leitncr brought a large number of I photographs of early Indian nnd Tartar sculptures, showing tlio fir? t introduction of the Chr'sti.-iu story into those monuments between, about. the second and teuth centuries, ami hii pointed out ihs value of Mich sulditionni confirm ation of Sir. Collins1 statements. 