THE SURVIVAL OP SUPER- STITIONS. A curious case of the survival of mediicval superstition in a civilised' country was recently revealed in a magistrate's court in rural Ireland. Two young peasant woman, named Ellon Cushion and Anastasia Route, of comely appearance and not exceptionally ignorant, were brought up charged with gross cruelty towards a little girl three years old. They had availed themselves of the absence of the parents to take the child away from its home, and, apparently without the slightest qualm of pity, to place it on a hot shovel, and keep it there until it was dangerously if not : fatally burned. It appears that the child had become what is called in Ireland a " fairy changeling;" and their honest but benighted purpose had been to exorcise the evil spirit which had entered its infantile person. The girl was deformed and crippled, and this seems to have been the circumstance which convinced the women of its supernatural origin. In inflicting the cruelty they did, thoy only followed what is a rooted superstition in some parts of Ireland. It is thoroughly believed by many of the ignorant and imaginative peasantry that fairies, both good and bad, actually " revisit the glimpses of the moon," and play all sorts of good or ill-natured pranks upon, mortals. These fairies, or.elves, are thought to bo exceedingly small and light, and to have tho power of voluntary invisibility. They are said to dwell in picturesque caves underground, or beneath the limpid waters of Erin's lakes; and sometimes the peasants imagine that they hear the elves discoursing sweetest music in the subterranean depths. One of the favorite tricks of the evilly-disposed elves is to enter a house through chimney or keyhole, take away the children, and replace them with elf-children, to whom the people give the name of "fairy changelings." Ireland is not tho only civilised region where the teeming superstitions which had their rise in the Middle Ages still lurk and .linger. In England, and especially in Scotland, the historic hobgoblin still holds his own in many a nook and corner of the land. The Scotch " brownie," corresponding to tho " banshee" of the Irish, still alarms the denizen of the remoter Highland fastnesses. Ghost lore is eagerly credited in the rural regions of Southern England, litany -an Italian peasant still devoutcdly shrinks from the " mal occhio," and the " evil eye" also on occasion disturbs the slumbers of tho Devon hind. The Germans are, perhaps, the least superstitious of European peoples; yet there is scarcely a locality in the Fatherland where phantom tales do not cluster around hoary schloBses or solitary houses, devoutly believed in by llio grape-growers Md farmers. Superstition, it need not be said, is also rife in the pagan Orient, and there, sad to say, it oftenest takes cruel and vengeful forms. Thero is perhaps not a country in Europe or Asia where the belief in witchcraft is wholly extinct. Less than 20 years ago, an old Frenchman, accused of witchery, was lynched by an English mob in a country town. Such things have happened in rural France at a more recent period. A few years ago, at Nagpore, two Hindoos wore compelled to penal servitude for life, because they savagely put to death no less than eight persons whom they declared to be witches, who had cast their spells over the faithful of the neigbourhood. On this side of the sea, it is scarcely necessary to add, the physician and tho philosopher encounter both gross and subtle forms of superstition. The contribution, for example, made by tho Southern coloured people to a summary of purely American types of superstition is both large and striking.—B oston Advertiser. 