. ; P RE S E NT A TION to' the HON. J. B. PATTERSON by rlectkio telegraph. prom our own correspondent. Melbourne, Monday (midnight.) The mooting of Loyalists m tho irrotestant Hall to-night to present testimonials to the Hon. J. B. Patterson, was attended by about COO per sons, amongst whom were Major Smith, Hon. R. Roid, Messrs Zox, J. Gardiner, .J. Munro, H. M'Ooll, M's.L.A., Aldermen HamandZoven- boom, Cr Bruce, Mayor of Fitzroy, and a num ber of other prominent citizens. The Hon. \V. Bates presided, and presented Mr Patterson with an illuminated address from the Loyalists and Protestant Alliance Associa tions. The Rev. T. James, in presenting tlio souvenirs, which consisted of a gold watch, chain and locket to Mr Patterson, with a pair of ear rings, brooch, and magnificent gold_ bracelet, containing diamonds valued at L75, to Mrs Patterson, said Mr Patterson was a model re presentative, in respect of the vigour and in dustry lie infused into his duties. He made every man in the constituency his personal friend, and his character had won for him as rreat a hold upon the public at large as upon his own constituency. Ho never knew an instance in which Mr Patterson's assistance was required that it' was not rendered, and ho would travel a hundred miles to succour the widow and fatherless, and after that put his hand in his pocket to aid them on. As Mr Patterson was still a young man in politics, the audience must not think their experience of him closed that night. Every successful mail was a married man, and though he had not the plea sure of Mrs Patterson's acquaintance, he knew her through Mr Patterson, and wished they had her bonny face with them on the platform. The gifts he was privileged to present did not come from any one section, but from the whole com munity, so largely represented there. Mr Patterson, in reply, Bpoke as follows : — On tho eve of leaving for a trip to England, it is most gratifying to me to receive the generous expressions contained in your Beveral addresses, and I trust you will permit me to offer you my sincerest thanks for your great kiudness. Especially do I value your presentations coming as they, do from Loyalists; That is an honour able title under which all classes aiid creeds can rank. To be loyal to the institutions under : which you live, and to be loyal in all the rela tions of life" is worthy of tho best in any country. WIiova lmrhlf.v Aviafa t.liA lina nnfRnir/ to fear, and individual members of the community lean live in perfect harmony. The desire of Australians is to get along' quietly with every- body, and right glad is this partially populated community.bf tlie cbmpanionship of people com ing from any part of the; civilized world. It entered largely into : the early training of colo nists to make themselves agreeable with all 'sorts and conditions of men, and they began to realise that- there were intelligent- and industri- <ous people from other parts of the world as well as our own. Indeed, our 'excellent friends and colonists, the Germans and others, set an ex ample in industry, and tho amenities of social life that" will have a lasting benefioial effect in Yictoria. An opportunity occurred which sub jected us to "the examination of critics who visited our shores, and put us on our best behaviour. The result of our great Fair, the Exhibition of 1880-81, was satisfactory to our pride as tho founders of a great country, and enabled us to say, in the language of the Queen's speech, that we were at peace with all foreign powers, but, unfortunately wo were not at peace with our selves. The great Exhibition Hall closed with congratulations unprecedented, everything pass ing off as merrily as a marriage bell, but scarcely had we let go the friendly hand of our visitors, when it was discovered that there were enemies in bur midst, and they were those of our own of regret, yea of shame, which was exhibited, when it was found that the poisonous seed of sedition was being sown on this virgin soil. To prevent it taking root was the first consideration; there was no time to be lost. It was necessary, metaphorically, to. dig it out of. the ground. . I rejoice to say that was effectually accomplished — you are good enough, in this address, to credit me with some share in that good work, and for such recbgnition l cannot but feeldeeply sensible. That we stifled treason on the threshold — sub sequent events amply proved. (Cheers.). How- ever some men may secretly feel, none have been ;so daring since that time as to talk treason pub licly. They have been constrained to speak respectfully of our most Gracious Queen, and of jour institutions. (Cheers.) It was announced in ;some quarters, with a great flourish of trumpets, that two young men from the old country ' would so electrify Australia with oratorical fer vour, tliat an army would rise up and cross the .water to demand satisfaction for the wrongs committed some 500 years ago, but to the credit 'of the young gentlemen in question, be it said, they conducted themselves before selected audiences in the most unobjectionable manner. Their harangues were of the patent safety kind, that would only strike on the box, it being care fully arranged that when one brother had the matches, him nt.lmr in smnn rliatant. nnrh Tt«id the box, consequently there was neither ignition nor explosion. (Laughter.) But tlio most ex traordinary part of all was that they came lioro to explain the secret cause of foul murder, (which they failed to do), and departed amid the hurrahs of tho pleasant andpublibceremony of marriage, and, if report speaks true, they were not indifferent to the charm of filthy lucre. The frowning patriots that came here prepared to die for then- country, thought it better after wards to multiply what they call their down trodden race. They offended no living being, they talked of wrongs committed several cen turies ago, and appealingly asked, with a great show of earnestness, should such things be ? A great many people felt at the time an inclination to be avengod on their ancestors, and if they could have been resurrected, at the correct climax, of somo appointed period, Donnybrbok Fair would havo been Bmall potatoes compared to the ruction . that would have occurred. (Laugh ter.) It has beon announced with satisfaction that in all the colonies the sum pf L4,000 had been raised for tho antediluvian purpose. The amount was moderate, and if it is misappropri ated in feasting the living, it will do more good than raising the ghost of the dead. But aftor all, L4,000 is not much when wo consider that one of our highly esteemed colonists. Mr Or- inond, could . scarcely induce the working men of Melbourne to accent a much larger sum as a single subscription, towards tho erection of a working man's college. Several of our colonists have single-handed contributed even larger amounts to praiseworthy purposes, but their names, I am happy to say, do not figure in the list for tlio promotion of disorder and discontent in any part of the Empire. (Cheers.) To seek revenge for supposed wrongs committed cen turies gone by would be suitable amusement for a race of Rip Van Winkle's. (Laughter.) Modern civilisation marks a divergonco from the habits of those who dream of the past arid think only of their next meal, to the hopeful, the cheerful, tho gentle, the contented, and provident, who can realize a good time now and so act as to ensure a better time coming. Loyal Australian statesmen are at present con- cernpd in stretching out the boundaries of tho British Empire \ in securing Australian peace, in cementing British power ; and they who now nag, and attempt to cripple tho march of pros perity, by prompting internal discord and dis loyalty, aro ten times worse onemios than any the Empire has to fear from foreign aggression. In all these colonies, the predominant feeling amongst public men, is to preserve and strengthen the bond that unites us to the Empire, and in this respect I" think wo have reason to complain that casual visitors, some- tiroes stupidly misrepresent Australian opinion. Amongst those, stands Mr Archibald Forbesi who writes flippantly of a period, at no distant date, when tho colonies will sever, and hoist the kangaroo and emu on their own account. We deny the competency, oven of that most sensational war reporter, after a flying visit, to > oxpross a correct opinion on any subject of the kind. Judging from his reminiscences of Aus- tralia, Mr Forbes was altogether moro in his element in taking tho measure of men's boots than looking for tlioir brains. There are no public men of any note in any of tlio colonies propnrcd to endorse his silly assertions. Wo know too well tho value of tho Imperial con nection ; wo value too highly British institu tions ; we know that as part of the Empire wo are powerful ; and we know further tho advan tages we enjoy evon to dream of severing the connection. (Cheers.) Wo live under institu tions that aro tho envy of tho world. For justice and manliness and honour the name of Englishmen is revered everywhere, as colonisers they seek to impart tho principles of peace and progress, and the cause of humanity lias' never suffered in their name. Thcso facts are admitted by what wc call foreign relations, and yet strange to say, amongst ourselves, thero is a section, sulking in gloomy despondency, unable to understand our desire to livo in harmony with nil classes, and to deal justly, liberally, and in a charitable spirit with all men ; unablo to approciato the grandour and tho splendour of our institutions, and I havo no hope, seeing tho encouragement rebels receive in the old coun try, that there will bo any speedy improvement on the part of thoso whom I need not name; whoso claims increase as each demand is grantod. Therefore, the true policy of tho nation' is, f not- to select any class for special treatment, but to treat all its citizens with equal fairness and justice, and to discountenance aud discourage professional growlers against the common good, instead of magnifying their insignilicanco and creating a source of malignant danger. It is our duty at all times to avoid an aggressive attitude, but wo would not bo entitled to the honoured name of Loyalists if we did not enter our most serious protest whenever tho cloven hoof is 'dis played, and I trust the occasion for aetivo inter ference and repression of a similar kind will never again arise in the history of the colony. And, now, turning to a moro agreeable topic, I beg my personal friends to accept my warmest, thanks for those valuable tokens of esteem' towards Mrs Patterson and myself. On our journey they will servo to unite our hearts in remembrance with yours, aud help to hasten us back to this our adopted home. In conclusion he remarked that getting home was a very easy , mnf.for n n\ir (itinnr fr» a fit C11A t.inin. it took him on the first occasion six weeks to go in company with two bullock drays, ono of which was loaded with brandy, the bulk of which 'disappeared on tho passage, it was sup-' posed through evaporation. Now you could go" to England in less time. He intended to' visit his native place Alynwick, three of whose men stretched along would always cover twenty feet of ground. There the women were of the same high physical development and knew how to_ manage their husbands. They hoped to return, and could assure their friends that their meeting would not be less satisfactory than their leave- taking that night. On resuming his seat the hon. gentleman was greeted with vociferous cheering and Kentish-fire hand plaudits. Major Smith, as an old friend and colleague of Mr Patterson, proposed a vote of thanks to the chairman, which was seconded by the Hon. Mr Reid, who said no administrator ever 'ail- ministered the Government departments so suc cessfully as Mr Patterson, I10 left the ; com-:', munity with an unblemished reputation, ' although attempts had been made to vilify him." " He had known him for many years, and could ... testify that a more honest, honourable, straight- : ; forward man he had never known. Mr Patterson supported tho proposition, which being carried, the meeting broke up after singing a verse of the National Antheiii. v v A 