«CENES AT THE HANLAN-LATCOOK . . .. 'CONTEST. ' .Harrying tip to Ked fern station Th Madar morning; in hot haste we got into thyitraxn advertised .'to, leave at 10.25,. exjijocing to be -whirled; ff to the scene of the rac©' with all that celerity and dispatch which the newspaper^advertUe xnents and posters had led ns to anticipate. We lonna, however, that if we were désirons of : getting oft i punctually to time the railway officials did not reciprocate, for they kept the team back . folly ! five and thirty minutes, whije a loud-mouthed i head porter, ably seconded by two or three of his acolytes, ¡kept up a continual bawling of " This way to the boat race, gentlemen t" At first the train only consisted of some eight or nine carriages, but : as these began tb get filled up by the intermittent arrivals bf dosens and scores of persons, fresh carriages were added, until the train was extended to 17 carriages, containing something like 1500 people. The annoyance of waiting tho pleasure of the rail way officials to send us on our journey was inno way decreased by a foul and suffocating odour which pervaded the station and entered the carriages, to the no small annoyance of the already disgusted passengers. Tho stench proceeds from the gas pipes used to chuge the carriage lamps, and that they should be allowed tb get into each a condition ia no credit to those who have,'charge. of them. At last the vociferating head porter triumphantly informed bis superior that he had suoceeded in filliug the 17 carriages,, whereupon' that official conde scended to allow us to. proceed. Only one, engine was attached to this long line of carriages literally packed with people, the consequence being that the so- called fast tram took 40 minutes to reach Parramatta, a distance of only 14 miles, and another hour to . reach Penrith. A Becond engino was indispensable for such a heavy train, as was proved at the Booty Hill incline, where the single engine could barely drag, its burden up at snail's paco. One individual gavo vent to bis feeling« by suggesting that a few ot the passengers should get out and" shove uo behind." If tho Nepean is to take the place of tho Parramatta, it will - not be owing to the rail way arrangements, which were altogether insufficient, and will have to be considerably altered before tho public will be tempted to accept the proposed chango. The bright and verdant a'srcet of the country traversed happily relieved the tediousness of the lourney. The recent rains had painted the grass and foliage with their natural greon, a colour which they had entirely lost during the drought. The passajre of thc train scorned to arouse quite a sensation amongst the inhabitants of the various small placeB we passed through, and they cheered as though they considered it quite an event, as iúdeed it was to them. On the arrival of the train at Penrith n rush was made for the river, some taking the road and; others the shortcut t cross tho fields. The near vicinity of the river was betokened by a whole host ot sharpors ot every ßhado and contrivance, amongst whom tho plyers of the " three card trick" predominated. They had evidently como prepared to do n business, and so far as could be judged by thoir Operations they were not disappointed. Per thc most part they went in gangs of threes and fours, tho " decoys " winning or losing with thoir " chum," who manipulated the cards, whole hnndsfnl of bank notes with well simula ted satisfaction or chagrin. Many of the "yokels" were caught, as wore Beveral of tho " knowing youngetera " from the city, soveml of whom,'although the day was y ot young, were already ' under the inflaenoe of liquor and, conieauontly, , woro victimised mnoh moro readily than they might otherwise' have been, none ot the fraternity hoing arrested or even 'molested by tho police. Having fought our way through this shoal of land char ks we entered the grand stand enclosure, and wore considerably surprised at Boeing so few people pre sent, there being not more than 300 or 403 persons, and it is now closo upon 1 o'clock. The view of the river ob tained from the grand stand is most charming, and tho spectator at onco Bees that the descriptions of tho place given In the newspapers are not by any means exaggerations, but rather fail to do justice to the t-ictiire. Away deop down between its steep bank« lies tho Nepean, which gradually decreases in breadth under the influence of the distance until it loses itself in the perspective like a faint silvery streak in tho midst of the denso, foliage of tho mountains, which form tho background. The people on tho grund stand and enclosure seem to take far more interest in contemplating tho scenery than in watching th« different «vonts of the dry's programme. They uppoar to have como solely to witness the contest between' Uanlan and Laycock, and nntil that event gets under weigh they divide their attention between the landscape, tho refresh ment bar, and Messrs. Koppf and Austin's "renowned nud popular band." This orchestra baa been ' diligent all the forenoon in disposing of ft very long and varied list of musical soloctlone, tmû, it' is only just to »ho management of tho regatta to say that in. providing this band they had shown considerable foresight. Without its enlivening strains the pince would' have been even duller than it wally was. Thoro was no betting, and but very few criticisms on tho coming raoo^ everybody seeming to take it for granted tho t tho raco belonged to* tho Cana dian. The small minority who . may have entertained a contrary opinion woro BO very few that they did not venture to express it for fear of appearing obstinate or singular. . Leaving the grand stand wo passed into tho 2a enclosure, where wc saw tho moat curious and multifarious collection of «chômera and dodgers for extorting money from ono'n fellow man that it is possible to imagine. Tho whole of the " itinerant frauds and swindle«" were repr-osontod, d»wi from the three-cord triok to tho simple game of ninepins. Amongst others we noticed thoso nimble-fingered goutJomeM of tho throe-card trick and tho purso trick in Scores j thimblo riggera, roulette playera, men who wore betting soverfiifiia aa to whether two peumos turned np heads or toils, . BC >T« or two of mon with moiikftjfl nearly ny hidoous-looViinr ari themselves, who, botwoeu them, managod to diddle th"jir victims of much cash. Thora were o host of othor games too numerous to tnontion, all of which, howavor, appeared to como iu fora largo eharo of patronage. Strolling on «low« the river bank forabout o milo and ii half, it booamo evi dent that tho WOOSIDSC was not goiu»? to turn out such a gigantic " boom " ns tho promotora had prognosticated. Tho enclosure on tho Penrith sido ot the river did »ot con tain more thou Ü0OO or 3T-00 persona, mid many of tlK>«»o hail not oomc in by tho wioltet-aato, bist to onr oortain know ledge hod " climbed up eomo other woy," tho same as those people who object to pay gcnoroüy do. On the , opposite trank, which brui not, been enclosed, not.more than 4fJ0 or 500 people bnd osse.nblod, rind on cither bank beyond a quarter of a milo from tile bridge right nwt»y dnwn to the starting post but few people- v/ere to bo Boon. Here and thoro a rricuio party hod taken up positions at advantageous -points on oithcr sido of the riv*r ; but tho improBsion received during tbo walk was that not nearly so many ponplo were prosont as bod been 'gloated. Returning to the grund eland wo were in ti«*a to reo the special train from Byduoy din gorge its load of about 1000 persons, who at once m ad o « rush for tho table» under tho grand stand; where a cold collation hod neon spread. . Tho gastronomic ardenr of the now arrival« WHS Bomonbnt restrained by tho disoovery that the oarHor «wncra hod ken there beforo thom and only loft thc remains of tho ft-ußfc. It was rattier hard to bo oWigsd to mad o a meal oG tho skeletons of fowl and tho remnants ol joinbs, «md worst of all to have to fork out to the tuue of 5s for ouch a meagre meal. Happily the race waa now too clooo at hand to nllow of p*otraoted repining*, tba scraps wero gobbled up, and the "fee" paid, fheucrh not without compunction. It waa now for thc first tl ino »laring the wholo day that tho crowd scomod to toko any iatcrest in tho proceodingB ; everybody was on the «leri, every ooign oi vonterowns occupied. . Tho trocs and sub stantial shrubs were ©ccapéod ty daring olimbora, while several boys and young men evidentnlly possessed of moro courage than money bcd moulted the girder* and coping of tho bridge in order to »blain a viow of themes. When tho two boats oppoareel in si$ht, closely followed by_the Press boat, various orien woro «ont up by several invividuaVg, who scorned ro-vlly to Imvo got quito enthusiastic over t»e contest, thuu forming a strong con trast to the majority of the spectators. Ono man oil tho . upper tier sf tho strand stand, who was provided with an oaormons pahr of binocular «lasses, would persist in ysllintf out at the top of his voico that Laycook was leading. Iiis repeated notertioan were, however, received with genoral Incredulity, the fixed impression of almost evorr epoctotor being that " it waa asovoroiga to o gooseberry on Ilia h\n, and that Laycock hud not " tho ghost of a chonos." When Hanlon'finally did appear with the race already won, the. crowd cheered him not vebysiaeirtly. kui in a way which sisroiiled *b*t they thought ho bnd done bis duty and no thing more. They cheered much moro heartily whaai the two eballers came together and shook handB. Tho grand ovent being , decided, tbe .crowd of nearly 5000 people disappeared from the river banks and the grand stand aa ff by magic. They baa satisfied their curiosity by a peep at Hanlon,. and now thoir first «are was to got. bock to ' town as soon as possible. , Jostas thc cheers which proclaimed "HonIan's success hod died away,- the sound of: the- big -.drum and brazen trombone of the . .Blue, Ribbon Gospel Army wore -beard. .The army was approaching to attack Batan in one of : bia strongholds -the , camp . was, pitohed right in the centre ol the cardsharpers and their' victims, though wa did not wait to see the result nf «.. Budden attack, which appeared to be as vigorous aal unexpected. The pickpockets, and even the confia»*118 trick men. showed up in force, the former reinrn»TüPtt harvest, if all the report» of rifled pockets are to b» belk^T irSf Ti' if 7«»t«»,u"««a.poMeuiiret(ibs believe7 The detective force kad a busy time of it; and weiSj a splendid piece of manoeuvring on the part of Itef^KT* Mnlqueeny and M'Clein. who were stadjinVÄ«?8 ments of a notorious pickpocket with the jntentinn 5. catching him in the act. A strong body of police were the ground under tho command of Superintendent B»w? and, considering the amount of villainy and raseiWhî represented, order was well maintained. "»*uiy 