?i^P|i^ , ?HCoti.Qeaiold HtMTS FOR NURSING The' follbwing excellent advice is given by'a medical man in Chanibers's Journal :— Quietude is a great thing, of course; but real quietude means the absence of all ex citement, ' and it muBt be remembered that anything out' of the common will tend to flvmlA tho mind of a Buffiorer. ' Do not therefore '.walk on tiptoe, for' this, in addition ; to its unusual elaboration of the gait, invariably causes a certain amount of creaking. ; Speak in low tones, but don't wtisper; ,a whisper will often awake a sleeper, who would not bo disturbed by ordinary , conversation ; and never say 'hush!' Lot your clothing and foot cover jag be, of as noiseless and unobtrusive a character as possibje.and instead of gliding and. tottering about like a riclcety ghost, do n.6t;hesitate to walk. If you have oeca Bion to sayanything in the room, say_ it so that the patient can hear it if he wishes, and do not lot him be aware of your con spiring privately with the others,especially at the door: ' That door has much to answer ?for.' If it be visible from the bed, people \- open it cautiously, put their heads in, and slowly withdraw again. If, as' is more fre quently 'tho .case,' it is screened by the bed curtainsjinysterious openings and shuttings are heard, unattended with any apparent ingress or egress, and sotto voee colloquies go on outside. When you enter do so honestly and at once ; do not spend five minutes in turning the handle, like a house breate$ ' thereby producing . a 'series of irritating little clicks, finally, terminating in a ' big snap, with which the door flies open. If the latch be at all rusty a handle that is slowly wound back in this way will of ten.stick, and either require to te^ raffled ? back into position, or if left' as it is, may' start back suddenly after a time of its own ? accord with a report like a pistol-shot. It in always well to recollect that it by np' means follows -that a siok. person is asleep iecause/ his eyes, aro shut; ho,, may be acutely conscious of all that is passing in , the room, though unable or unwilling to make any sign ; and nothing can be more maddening, under, such circumstances, than'^'I'nave'/pepple hushr'sh-shing .arid whispering around, and creaking about on the tips of their toes. Wo have all sym pathised in our hearts with, poor Sir Leicester. Dcdlock when his; tongue was smitten with paralysis, with his sister conr stantly bonding over him with clasped hands and murmuring, ' he is asleop !' Till goaded to desperation ho makes signs for his slate and writes — ' I am not.' 