. SPORTING INTELLIGENCE. [By T__Q"ypH.1 . (FROM OUR OWN REPORTER.) THE VICTORIA AMATEUR TURF CLUB. MELBOURNE, Sunday. The Caulfield Spring Meeting, under the auspices of the above-named club, commenced on Saturday. It had been raining all through the week, at d on the morning of the races light showers continued to fa I, and until a late hour fears were entertained that a postponement would be found necessary. However, towards no hat brightened overhead, and just allowed time for the visitors to reach the course when it came down in earnest, and most of the rain on were run in pouring rain An indifferent band played whenever It had a chance The ladies were prevented from going on the lawn on account of the wet, and thoattoiidonco, though good, was not so numerous as it would have been under other circumstances The arrangements made by Mr. Bond were excellent in every detail, but the weights for the Findon Harriers in the race books were hopelessly confused The proceedings opened with the Maldon Plate, for which 10 horses went to the post On the strength of his breeding and his being the representative of the St. Albans stable, The Boy was made first favorite, but he was never in it. and after a pretty race through the mud Norfolk beat Duration, notwithstanding the state of the course, and that he had Ost "b in the Biddle "lately was made such a favourite for the That Hurdle Race that 6 to 4 was accepted about him Soon after starting on took up the running, and, forcing the pace, led till less than half a mile from home when he tired, and Milking Fund was left at the front, and, stalling off a gallant rush made by the favourite he drew away and won by a length A fine lot of youngsters went to the post for (ha Great oil Race, for which Waiting Maid Local Option, and Stated Girl were scratched The race was a capital one all the way between Costa and Umbra but when a hundred yards from home Ringmaster, who was the favourite, d lashed upon the right and, cutting them derna, won cleverly He is a rom rkallvneat brown colt, showing no end of quality, and is by First King from "March (imported), by Sterling from Hippodamia by Pollen from Slander by Pantaloon from Pasquinado, a sister of Touchstone, and it is greatly to be regretted that he has not been nominated for the Maribyrnong Plate Ocista is by Argus Scandal from Atalanta, and the only Now bouthWalos representative Umbrala by Julian Avenel from Jessie s dam-Paraohufo-and the era. in which the two fillies f Might out the battle to the very door shows that their hearts are in the right place Lady Adelaide fell at the distance, and Bowes was rendered insensible for a few minutes, but soon recovered aid was able to pilot Leporello in the Guineas A dozen faced the flag for the Guineas, and Rufus was so strongly supported by his stable that at the last d to 1 was accepted, while) the Adelaide folks divided their attention pretty equally between their two fillies, Holing and Gratitude, but very few indeed thought of Sandal about whom 100 t) 0 could have been obtained in the paddock Rufus the favourite looked light and somewhat wasted, and it was evident that the state of the course would not suit him Helens also looked light, but Gratitudo and Sandal were in the pink of condition, and so were Merrimu, Leporello, Bohemian, Sirocco, and Tromondo, but David was rather above himself, and so were Pilot and Rebus When half the journey had been travelled there was nothing in it but Sunday and Gratitudo, and the favourites were all in sad trouble, and insurance was in difficulties before a quarter of a mile had been travelled. S Udal wore Gratitude in the straight, and won nearly all out by half a-length She is by Winter Lake from Instep (Imp baby Lord Clifden from Sandal, by Stockwell from Lady Evelyn, by Don John from Industry, by Priam She has started 19 times, and won four times Her victories were the 1 lj uif Stakes at the Melbourne Hunt Club Spring Meeting, when, as a ino j year old, She carried 7st 5lb and ran the half-mile in 53. seconds the December Handicap, of five furlongs, at Gawler, and the Two year-old Hand cap, six furlongs, A R. C Spring Meeting, with 9st 8lb in 1 minute 19 seconds Gratitudo is by Countryman from Serenity (imp), by Saunterer from Gratitudo, by New- minster from shanty, and so is full sister to Hurricane She has started 11 times, and won twice Helene, who was third is by Countryman from 1 munder, by Tarragon from Deceptive, by 1 Yelverton from Blossom, by the Swede, and is full sister to the Assyrian and half sister to the Israelite Out of five starts she has earned her colours to the front twice Sandal s victory was n oil received by the ring, as it got them out of a lot of trouble No less than 21 horses were saddled for the 1 Findon Harrier Gold "v age, and as the horses stepped on the course, mounted by gentlemen riders, there was a general buzz of admiration, for It was certainly the finest field that ever contested a jumping race in Australia The flag went down to a good start, and as the Held came thundering up the straight at the first fence, it looked like a charge of cavalry Young Mr Darlot, on Barn among, was at the front, and taking his cap, which had blown over his eyes and placing inside Mb jacket, he Fatdown on the greyhound, with a merry ringing laugh, showed the great field over the first flight, while the others followed in a heap amidst a great cheer from the stand The great pile that was made brought about half a dozen down at the second fence, but "ere was no time to count the fallen, for Yankee Grab had now taken command, and boLan to out out the pace very fast He led till he fell at the last fence, and then Chieftain, who had been heavily backed, and the top weight Abdallah, appeared at the front, and the former won rather easily by a little more than a length There were a great many falls, and the field was terribly " spread-eagled " Our sole representative, Lord of the horses, ridden by Mr Edward Terry, never made a mistake, but had not pace enough, and got home about seventh None of the riders were seriously hurt Nineteen started for the Toorak Handicap, and Meteor was most in request, but although he ran a good horse, Precious Stone outpnuJ aim in the run home, and won easily The South Australians were greatly delighted over the fist that their three fillies occupied the for" the places in the Guineas the following is an account of e its race - Maiden Plate, of 100 Sovs, added to asw enstakesof 3 sons each Mr. J. Hold a Norfolk, 5 years, by Stookholm-I'lcotwlng, 8st. 8lb. (Williams) 3 Mr. A. Ulackrood'H Duration, I years, 8st. 5lb. (Power) ... 2 Mr. W. winter's Vasco, 3 years, 7st. 7lb. (Ettorldgo). S Mr. D. Wallace Cupri, 4 years, 8st 6lb. (O'Brien) . 0 Mr. J. Long's Carbuncle, 4 years, 8st. 5lb. (Fanoil).0 Mr. J. Cowell's Queen Bess, 6 years, 8 st. rib. (Robertson) ... 0 Mr. A. Webb's Forester, 5 years. 8st. MS. (Rome) . 0 Mr. J. Wilson's, jun., Conjcotiire, 6 years, 9st. 3lb. (Moore)... 0 Sir W. J. Clarke's Vernet, 4 years, fiat. 21d. (G. Logan) ... 0 Mr. J. Wilson's The Bey, 3 years, 7st. 7lb. (Hines) . 0 Mr. G. Davis' Dargo, 3 years, 7st, 7lb. (Ellis) 0 Mr. J. Lindley's Hawtliariio, 3 years, 7st. 7lb. (Moves). 0 Mr. M. Jacobs' Metal, 3 years, 7st. 7lb. (Nicholson) . 0 Mr. W. Field's Mogart, S years (Campbell). Mr. A. Yulll's Fantastic, 8 years, 7st. 2lb. (Brown) 0 Mr. K. Miller's Culteo, 8 years, 7st. 2lb. (Tvvoiney) 0 Betting : 7 to 4 v. The Bey, 5 to 1 v. Cupri, 0 to 1 v. Norfolk, 7 to 1 v. Conjecture, 10 to 15 to 1 v. any other. A very good start opened the proceedings, and the first to move wore Norfolk, Vasco, and Polestar, while Haw- thorn was last, a few lengths. As soon as they got going Polestar appeared at the front, with Vasco, Metal, and Norfolk almost on terms?, and after the first flight came Mozart, Duration, mu) The Rev. They raced along the back of the course in about the same order, and when rounding the bend Demestre and Vasco showed slightly in front, with Noifnrk and Duration next, and after the time Capri. The leaders turned into the straight in a bunch, and when the distance was reached Duration had a slight advantage of Norfolk and Vasco. The last-named three then drew away and ran a great race to the end, and Norfolk, getting up in the last few strides, won by half a neck from Duration, who beat Vasco by half a length for second place. Then, three lengths away, came Peut Bro, Verner, The Dey, Conjecture, and Capri, while Metal, Polestar, and Carbuncle were the last to finish. Time, 1 minutes seconds. First Hurdle Race, of 100 Sovs., added to a sweepstakes over Sovs. each : 1 j mile. Mr. J. Simpson's SinKing und, 5 years, 9st. 3lb" by Tim Whllllcr-Jessie (W. Harden).1 Mr. A. Sullivan's Yately, aged, 11st. 3lb. (Batty) . 2 Mr. J. M »Grade's Tiintnlleer, 6 years. 9st. 8lb. ICorrigan) 8 Mr. J. Whitehead's Star, aged, list. Olli. (Scoble) 0 Mr. II.-cvlen'a Belle Brandon, aged, 11st. 2lb. (Munro) ... 0 Mr. C. Agnew's West Coast, aged, lOtt. 18th (Cree) 0 Mr. K. Griffith's Scobeioll, aged, 10st. 5lb. (Uussoy) ... 0 Mr. V. Tozer's Tell Tale, aged, 9st. 12 lb. (Williams) . O Hon. W. Pearson's Tattler, 6 years, flet. 61. (Cupit) 0 Mr. P. Kelly's Concord, aged (buller) 0 Mr. J. Lavis' Ditto, 4 years (Ferguson) ....0 Mr. W. Neil's Daivdler, 4 years (M'Gowanj 0 Mr. R. Talknor'n Western, S years (Carey's 5.0 Mr. A. Belman's Spartans years, Ost. (J. Williams) ... ." 0 Mr. C. Wilson's Canute, aged, 9st. (Cullen) 0 Butting : 0 to v Yately, 3 to 1 v. Tambling, 0 to 1 v. Sci>bule>iï, 7 to 1 v. Star, 10 to 1 v. Sinking Fund. The lot jumped off on terms, and Sinking Fund, Concord, and Yutely showed the way over the first fence, which brought Scobeloff to go of. Sinking Fund led past the Stand, closely waited on by Yately, Dawdler, Concord, and Epjitan. Ah (Loy faced the hill Yately took up the running, and led along the back of the course by two lengths, followed by Sinking Fund, tantalised. Dawdler, and Tattler, with the others following on pretty close terms, and headed by Star. Forcing the pace Yately led until half a mile from home, when Taatnlibor challenged him, and Sinking Fund joining in a little further on, the three began to leave their horses. Yately fell back third at the entrance to the straight, and Sinking Fund led into it. When passing the distance Tantaliser tired, and Yately coming again a good race took place between him and Sinking Fund, ending in favour of the latter by a length. Tantaliser was a length off third, and then four lengths away came Tattlor, Star, Hollo Breedon, and Tell Tale. Ditto fell at the second last fence, and Western, who refused at the back of the course, was last. Time, 3 minutes 9 second. Tup. Great Foal Stakes, of 15 per. each, 6 boys. forfeit, with 800 added. Colts, 8st. ; first, 7st. 12lbs. 4 furlongs. Mr. J- Wilson's Ringmaster, by King of the Bing-Yardly (Moore) 3 Mr. J. WMttinirhanj's Colts, by Argus Scandal Atalanta (Williams.) 2 Mr. W. Dargin's Umbra, by Julian Avenel Parachute (O'Brien) .' 8 Mr. J. itlltoholl's Merry Christmas (Nicholson)." 0 Hon. W. Pearson's Gisborne (Glies) 0 Mr. S. Miller's Narroweon rCldeB) ... .,.0 Mr. M. O'Shanassy's First -Prince (Hales). 3. J., O Sir W. J. Clarke's Sauvignon (Shean) .' O. Mr A Jones' Cloth of Gold (Mr Walker) 0 Mr H Phillips' LadyAdolalde (Bowes) 0 Mr "W E Dakin's Carew (Hutchins) 0 Mr T Lamond's Pnaon (Norton) 0 Betting 3 to 4 v Ringmaster, 6 to 1 v Phaon and Um- bran 6 to 1 v First Prince 10 to 1 v any other Cloth of Gold got the best of a good start, forwarded by Narrowen, while the last to leave the post were Lady Adelaide and Ph ion The lot soon closed up, and Oelsta just led Carew into the straight, and after them succeeded Umbra and Ringmaster Lady Adelaide fell at the first face, and rendered Bowes insensible Ocista looked like winning when 100 yards from h me but Ringmaster dashing up in the centre of the course, beat her cleverly by a length and a half Umbra finished on Ocista's guthB, and after them came First Prince, Sauvignon, and Carew Cloth of Gold and Gas burner were the last two Time, 65. seconds The following is a hat of winners of the OAUHIVLB GREAT TO VL STARTS Half a mile Fe three time 1881 fryingpan \bS2 St Lawrence 1888 David 1884 I King, of Bier Bethnal Green Saucepan Glor oui-Períeotlon The Gondolier Alice Drew Hiss King Yardley Ihh Club held Guineas, a sweepstakes of 10 sovs each, 6 forfeit, with 300 added For three-year olds colts 8st Dib , fillies 8st 1 mile. Mr A Gordon i Sandal by rtInter Lake-Instep (Trahan) 1 Mr W 141 thence Gratitudo. by Couutiyman-Serenity (Will urns up 2 Mr It June. Holcnc, by Countrvruar-TInllnder (M Grade) 8 Mr J Mitchell s Robins by Olor cs Acrostic (Mcholson) 0 Mr J WhittniKli m s eli o Merrimu, by Argus boards! Chiffonier [Vi Iii i") 0 Mr M J ko b b Hut us, by King of the Bing Princess Alice TO Bnei 0 Mr G Uav 9 Davis! by the Gondolier Alice Drew (rower) 0 Mr Hey wood s Let orelia by Don Giovanni-AOcotatlein (Doves) 0 lion White s Urernai do by Tester-Ygitatlon ("ales) 0 Mr J Co« all g b or br bill "to, be 1 iucator-Zephyr (Robertson) 0 Mr b De Nctre abo Pilot by Robinson Crusoe- Cracker (colts) 0 Mr I Vic Ke'sbi c Bolumlnn by Maribymong Nina (Blair) 3 Betting 2 to 4 v Rufus, o to l v Helene, 7 to 1 v Gratitude and Tromando, 8 to 1 v Merrimu and Sirocco, 10 to 1 v any other The start did not appear to be a good one, and the first to move were But as Gratitude, and bandar As soon as they had settled down Gratitudo took up the running, and led alone, the back of the course by nearly two lengths, followed by bands and Sirocco, with the others clustered and whipped in by David and Tremando Holsno then run up third, and when passing the half mile post bandar had reached Gratitude's girths, and the pair began to draw away bands led into the straight by half a length, with Gratitude next, and three lengths from the carne Holeno, on whom M'Grade was making great efforts to catch the leaders and after her could be seen Sirocco and the others all in sad difficulties Once fairly in the straight the result was never in doubt for bandar held her own, and won cleverly by more than a length from Gratitude HelonowaB three lengths away, third SIroeoo was a bad fourth, and was followed by David, Rufus Bohemian, Merrimu, Tramando, Robus Leporello, and Pilot Time, 1 minute 50 seconds The following is a list of winners of the Caulfield Guineas, one mile - Year. Horse. Pedigree. Time. 1881 Wheatear The Marquis-Spa. 14 1883 Fryingpan ." ... Bethnal Green- Saucepan 1.4? 1883 Saretiua Emulation Ruby. 1.40 1884 Blindai Winter Lake-Instep ... 1.80. The Findon Harbibbs' Gold Yass A trophy value 100 BovH,, presented by the master, in addition to a purse of 50 Sovs. 2 miles. Mr. R. Orr's Chieftain, list. 121. (Mr. T. Watson) 1 Mr. A. Anderson's Abdullah, lOst. 12lb. (Mr. E. Watson) ... 2 Mr. J. Nutting's The Clown, list. 8lb. (Mr. Glasscock). 3 Mr. A. Henry-Barcoo, aged, 12st. 7lb. (Mr. Bourke) ." ... 0 Mr. I!. Wood's Syphon, aged, list, Ulb. (Mr. Williams) ... 0 Mr. G. S. Haines Yankee Grab, aged, 11st. 121. (Mr. Sílgate) 0 Dr. O'Hara's Peeping Tom, aged, list. 8lb. (Mr. Cox). 0 Mr. J. Russell's Antelope, aged, 11st. 8lb. (Mr. Jones). 0 Mr. A. Oliver's Emily, aged, list. of. (Mr. Oliver) 0 Lord W. Novllle'a Marquis, aged, 11 st, 8lb. (Mr. Itogcrst) ... 0 Mr. H. S. Darlot's Banyenong, aged, 11st. 121. (Mr. Darlot)... 0 Mr. K.Terry's Lord of the Forest, aged, list. 121. (Mr. E. Terry).. ... 0 Mr. T. Burko*8 Redoubt, lOst. Gin. (Mr. Wynn).e Mr. J E. Garde's Terror years, lOst. 121. (Mr. Brush) ... 0 Mr. Osborne's Mormon, aged, 10st. 1916. (Mr. Bligh). 0 Mr. A. Johnson's Our Boy, aged, 10st. 10lb. (Mr, Hatton) a 0 Mr. A. G. Webb's Sky Rocket, aged, 10st. 7lb. (Mr. Athlet).- 0 Mr. W. S. Cox's Random, aged, 10st. 7lb. (Mr, M'Lean) ... 0 Mr. W. E. Cunningham's br g Pilot, aged, 10st, 7lb. (Mr. Monkley). 0 Mr. C. V. Shaw's Sprightly, 10st. 7lb. (Mr. A. Fleck). 0 Mr. A. W. Brown's Beresford, aged, 10st. 8lb. (Mr. Brown) ." 0 Mr. A. Miller's Findon, aged, 10st. 8lb. (Mr. Bourke. 0 Mr. J. H. Men-iac' The Laird, aged, 10st, 8lb. (Mr. Park) ... 0 Mr. A. G. Webb's Chester, aged (Mr. Johnston) 0 Mr. K. Miller's Sir Robert, aged, 10st. 2lb. (Mr. Woods) ,.. 0 Mrs. Indes' Canoe (Mr. Hugh09).0 Betting : 4 to 1 v. Chieftain, 5 to 1 t. Abdallah, C to 1 v. Yankee Grab, 8 to 1 v. Barcoo, 10 to 20 to 1 v. any other. Banyenong led over the jump in front of the Blond, followed by the great field, the last of which was Abdullah. Four or five feet at the second fence, and Yankee Grab, Chester and Ban) Renong showed the way along the back of the course. After going about a mile Chester assumed the lead, but baulked at the fifth fence, and Yankee Grab was left in command. He led past the stand over the treble set of rails and the brush fence, followed by Our Boy, Syphon, Banyenong, Abdallah, and Chieftain, all jumping beautifully. Here two or three baulked, and others fell, so that the field was considerably reduced when they topped the fence on the hill, which settled the pretentions of several others. At the back of the course Yankee Grab, Barcoo, Abdallah, Syphon, Banyo yong, Obioftain, The Closing and Peeping Tom composed the first flight. Yankee Grab fell at the last fence, and Abdallah was left at the front : but Chieftain was hard on him, and challenging him in the straight, beat him home by three or four lengths. The Clown was a pretty good third, and then came Peeping Tom, Barcoo, Our Boy, Antelope, and Lord of the Forest. A lot cantered in after them at all sorts of intervals. None of the riders whose horses fell were seriously hurt. Time, 6 minutes 60 seconds. The Toorak. Handicap of 160 sovs., added to a sweepstakes of 3 sovs. each. 1 mile. Mr. J. Robertson's Precious Stone, 4 years, by Tubal Cain Topaz, 4 years, 7st. 12 lb. (Robertson). 1 Mr. H. Falkiner's Meteor, 4 years, 9st. 10lb. (Moore). 2 Messrs. S. and li. Wilson's Prodigal, 4 years, 7st. 5lb. (Williams). 8 Mr. E. Keys' Rapid, 6 years, 9st. 4lb. (Gallager) 0 Mr. J.Loiig'a Napier, 4 years, 9st. (Farrell) 0 Mr. E. Wallace's Don Quixote, 8 years, 8st. 3lb. (O'Brien) ... 0' Mr. L. Ware's Irruleo, 6 years, 8st 2lb. (Scobie) i 0 Mr. 8. Martin's Coriolanus, 6 years, 8st. HID. (Colley). 0 Mr. W. Branch's Little Sister, 4 years, 8st. 8lb. (Young) ... 0 Mr. W. Jones's The Andes, aged, 8st. 4lb. (Marks) . 0 Mr. J. Reid's The Ghost, aged, 8st. 8lb. (Williams) 0 Mr. J). Robertson's Countryman, 8 years, 8st. (Burton) ... 0 Mr. B. Davis's Lesbia, 6 years, "7st. 10lb. (Mahon) . 0 Mr. M. Jacobs' Muscat, 6, years, 10st 7lb. (Nicholson). 0 Mr. A. Davis's Josephine, aged, 7st. 7lb. IFIannlgan) 0 Hon. W. Pearson's iron hand, 5 years, 7st. 7lb. (Giles). 0 Mr. J. Whittingham's Xantippe, 8 years, 7st. 2lb. (G. Williams) 0 Mr. W. Calvert, Jun. 's, Permit, 4 years, 9st. 10lb. (Wilson) ... 0 Mr. A. Halinbourg Acolyte, 8 years, 9st. 5lb. (Sanders) 0 Bolting ; 3 to 1 v. Meteor, 6 to 1 v. Precious Stone, 6 to 1 v. Don Quixote, 8 to 12 to 1 v. any others.] As soon as the signal was given, Meteor, Josephine, and Permit jumped off in front, but Muscat soon ran to the head of affairs, and led them to the back of the course. When approaching the half-mile post Permit took the lead, with Countryman at his girths and Prodigal, Meteor, The Ghost, and Precious Stone followed, in a bunch. Countryman retired at the turn, and Permit, Meteor, and Prodigal entered the straight on close terms, with Precious Stone on the outside and going strongly. Meteor singled out at the distance, but a little further on Precious Stones came with a great rush and soon settled the question by winning by two lengths. Prodigal was a length away third, and was succeeded by Muscat, Countryman, The Andes, Xantippe, Acolyte, Don Quixote, and Rapid. while the last home were Irralee and Iron hand. Time, 1 minute 61 seconds. Norton, the rider of Pboon in the Foal Stakes, was disqualified for three months for disobeying the starter. The following were the prices at the Rooms on Saturday night Caulfield Cup : 6 to 4 v. Colstoun, 12 to 1 v. Fryingpan and Hastings, 14 to 25 to 1 v. any other. The advance of Colstoun to such a short price is due to the good form shown by Precious Stone in the Toorak Handicap. Maribyrnong Plate : 7 to 1 v. Uralla ; 12 to 1 each v. Melodious, Burrilda, and Cairo ; 15 the 30 to 1 v. any other. 0 to 4 was still offered against Bargo for the Derby, and 10 to 1 was forthcoming against any other Melbourne Cup : 100 to 7 v. Plausible. 100 to 0 v. Martini Henry, 100 to 5 v Le Grand, 100 to 4 to 100 to 4 v. any other. 