, I THE CRICKET MATCH AT , onRisTöauRca. , -he 1 ' TASMANIAN. CANTERBURY." !"| early match The Auckland Herald of the 11th inst. publishes the following I telegraphic report from its Christchurch correspondent :- , ICiiRiSTCiiuncu, February 10. There was a larger attendance on Satur y at the match against the Tasmanians than on either of the previous days. aAn, start was made, but the tch is still unfinished. Play all, through has been exceedingly slow. Yesterday, for instance, it took five hours and a-quarter, to make 215 ( runs', (Yesterday upset all previous calculations as to the result of the game," for while the Canterbury men improved all round, the Tasmanians distinctly fell off from their first 'standard, Neither bowling nor fielding was so good and the batting at one time, threatened to collapse. The wicket played wonderfully well, and being drier and faster than before,' suited our bowling much better, "f which accounts for the moderate score in the second innings of the strangers. Watson and Fowke began the batting carefully, when the Canterbury innings was resumed. Butler was put on to bowl fast along with Kendall, baths proved very erratic, and, was soon replaced by Mansfield, Fowke added a hard hit 4 to leg to' his score, but Watson was unlucky. He stopped to one of Mansfield's and missed it'' Davies failed to take the ball but it fell off his hands into the wicket before Watson got back, and thus he was as it were accidentally stumped. Chapman, the last man, displayed an unexpected defence, and after a while amused himself Uko Fowke by repeatedly hitting the bowlers to leg. Thanks to his speed begot four for one of them, 200 appeared amid much cheering, and Fowke was then caught behind the wickets, after an extremely serviceable and well played innings of 24. The Tasmanians elected to play their second innings on the same pitch as our men had. Their beginning was like the collapse of the Aucklauuers in their second innings here last season. Pocock surprised Halo with a leg shooter the first ball, and dismissed Gates house the same over. Butler had only time to score 3 before Wilding sent his middle stump in a headlong career, and thus three men were disposed of in five minutes who had made 75 between them on the first day. The newcomers stayed the downward flight of the wickets. Burn made a long square leg hit for i, and the defence of Harris, who kept the score going steadily, caused several changes of bowling. Chapman went on, and both he and Pocock bowled a' lot of maidens, the latter sending in 10 in succession. Wilding went on again, and deluded Burn , into hitting at a slow break back Da FACE followed, and began his old game' of poking everything to leg. He did not seem particular whether the ball was on the wicket or not, and fairly exasperated the fieldsmen, who did not know where to stand for him. Ashby's slows were brought into requisition again, but Harris hit them about so much that they were soon taken off, and he bowed last Instead. Barnes' was also tried') and, with the exception that Harris dut him once to the fence, bowled dead on the wicket. Wilding changed the bowlers every few overs, and Chapman at',lépgtli broke down Harris defence., His 31 was even a better performance than his first innings, for it was made without the ghost, of a chance. Same being caught next over, made anything but a rosy prospect for the, visitors. After Itmch/Sldebottom joined his captain, and right well the two left handers played They scored a very freely, and even after ten went up until the 100 appeared. Wilding then took a turn at the north end, [and with his first ball, a slow break back, bowled Davies, after a, patient, innings, of or two hours.! proceed bowled Sidebottom with a shooter, and Mansfield added another duck to the score. ''However, the last two men were destined to give considerable trouble.' Kirby had some narrow shaves at first, but Kendall batted in a cheery aggressive way that made a remarkable impression on the score. He pulled everything round to leg in a manner most provoking'; to' the brawlers, bat Kirby I displayed very good style, , At length Ken \- ball hit one low to square-leg, where Militon redeemed several mistakes in, the field by a fine catch, which rolled"' him over in the effort: to hang on tothe,ball.I The innings closed for 125, leaving Canterbury 140 to win. " Militon and Longden, went out first: ' Mansfield started his obligate of falls pitches and half-volleys, but Loudoun tips timÖ";was'mdre1than a match for him. Two full to'sscs'Bent with right goodwill to the boundary and some pretty cuts brought the first 10 up. Longden very nearly skied one into short legs hands, but he could not reach it. Million a first singles usual was considerably, applauded. Sams relieved Mansfield, who this time was not at all a success; did the quickest scoring of the whole match followed. 'Ldnglden scored 5 off the first over, which made him 29 to MR comrade's 1 and both men then laid into the bowling with hearty goodwill. Sams was hit to leg for 3, 4, and 2, and i he was quickly, taken off. Halo went on, and Militon hit him to leg for 4 50 went up, and then the scoring, which for ten minutes was very lively indeed, tied down' Kendall, as usual, bowled very steadily, and he stuck Langden up repeatedly ; but he could do nothing with Militon, who simply blocked everything on the wicket, and hit on the leg side with effect At last a change was tried Burn relieving Hale ; but atOo'clooktho two United Clubmen were still in,andthescoreBOi far advanced that, barring rain, a win forearm terbury ought to be a certainty. Before the match 2 to 1 was freely offered on Canterbury, and at the close, of the first day the same odds were offered on the Tasmanians, CJUiURDUHY. , First Innings ' ' I Watson, st Davies, b Mansfield. 82 Jqwke, b Kendall ,.. as a . Chapman, not out ... .". - ... W ' Sundries 1 .. 15 of 1 Total 263 i BOWLING ANALYSIS -Kendal], 300 balls, 42 maidens, 73 runs, 3 wickets, 1 side Have, 01 balls, 7 maidens, 23 runs, 1 wicket : Sidebottom, 80 balls, 2 maidens, < IS rum, 1 wicket ; Kirby, 20 balls, 2 maidens, 18 runs, 0 wickets. Bum, 43 balls, 8 maidens, 4 runs, 1 wicket ; Butler, 12 balls, 1 maiden, 6 runs, 0 wickets. ' TASMANIA Second Innings. Harris, b Chapman. 81 Gatehouse, b Pocock ......... u Hale, bFocock .. .- .. "... 0 Butler, b Wilding. S Burn, b Wilding 19 Davies, b Wilding ..- . 12 Sams, c Fowler, b Chapman .,'. 0 Sidebottom, b Pocock 2 s. 26 Mansfield, b Pocock. 0 Kirby, not out 17" Kendall, c Militon, b Chapman. 11 Sundries 14 Total 12S Boirasa ANALYSIS -Wilding, 120 balls, 10 maidens, 85 runs, wickets: Pocock, 137 balls, 24 maidens, 24 runs, 0 runs ; Chapman. 116 balls, 13 maidens, 38 runs, 3 wickets, 2 no-balls ; Ashby, 20 balls, 3 maidens, 12 runs, 6 wickets, Barnes, 40 balls, 7 maidens, 7 runs, 3 wickets. OAMtllUUUV. Second Innings. Militon, not out. 80 Langdon, not out ,". 30 Sundries ... .... 2 Total 77 WELLS' "Boon of CORAS.1'-Ask for Wells " Rough on Corns " Quick relief, complete, permanent care Corns, warts,- bunions. Moses, Moss and Co., Sydney, (March Agents." J ,''.. "as any "27" JM: In fairness an' SOS re A J i idea eU?, 