Retrenchment. There is no word more popular with us at election time than this. Nearly every candidate is prepared to state glibly that the public service is too expensive, and that the cost should be reduced, and every administration on taking, office make the announcement that the utmost economy consistent with efficiency will be prac- tised. Yet officers continue to be multi- plied, and salaries and expenses to be increased at an alarming rate. When, a reduction is made it is generally in the wages of labourers' already underpaid, or some paltry saving effected, as in the case of the rent charged to railway labourers recently.' The economy prac- tised is occasionally more apparent than real judging by a letter in Tuesday's Advertiser, signed "J. O. Presgrave," which gives the outside public a little insight as to how retrenchment is some times effected in the Civil Service. Mr. Presgrave was employed for five years as surveyor and inspector of education lands, at a salary of £270 per annum. In 1880 the Surveyor- General intimated that he could undertake the management of the education lands in his department, thus saving the country the inspector's salary. The offer was, of course, accepted by an economical Government with, no doubt, many encomiums on Mr. Goyder for his zeal for the public service. So far so good; now comes the second part of this little comedy. In a few months the Sur- veyor-General sails for England, and a Mr. Smith, who, by the merest coinci- dence happens to be bis nephew, is ap- pointed inspector of education lands, at a salary of £380 per annum, together with the addition of an " unearned increment" of £15 per year, and other perquisites, till the salary amounts to £460 !! The Civil list will thus be saddled with an addition of nearly £200. This is retrench- ment with a vengeance. Query—Has the Surveyor-General any more relatives available ? If so he may find that various other branches of the survey department might be retrenched on the above modeL The vagaries of the Railway Commission has not tended to impress-the public very favorably with the value of boards of inquiry, but it nevertheless seems a pity that Mr.-. Krichauff's motion in favor of general inquiry into the working of the Civil Service was not carried, as no doubt some rather startling revelations would have been brought to light. Rifle Company. — There will be a parade at Petersburg to-morrow, at which there should be a good attendance. On the 10th the second firing for the Chal- lenge Cup takes place, and other matches are arranged for the same date. The Weather.—Last week it appeared as if summer had fairly set in, this week, however, we find that winter has not yet finally departed. It has been cloudy and cold the greater part of the week, and yesterday several nice steady showers fell. Catholic Concert.—We would remind our readers of the concert to be held in the Terowie Institute on Monday evening next in aid of the Catholic schools. As a number of ladies and gentlemen have kindly promised to assist a good pro- gramme may be depended upon. When?—The Register says that Mr. C. McDonald, of the Terowie Bicycle Club, is going to ride from Sydney via Melbourne to Adelaide and thence to Terowie. A good many persons here are extremely anxious to know when Mr. McDonald may be expected in Terowie again. We should think about the time the Silverton railway starts from Peters- burg. Childrens Picnic.—The juveniles of Terowie have been having a good time of it this week. On Monday the Baptist Sunday School picnic was held, of which a notice is given elsewhere. On Wed- nesday the children attending the Church of England Sunday School had their annual treat at Gottlieb's Wells. At about ten o'clock a start was made from the Church in two of Hill & Co's, large four-in-hand coaches, with flags flying and the occupants singing in great glee as they drove through the main street. Arrived on the ground, which is well adapted for the purpose (although the grass was too long to be pleasant, and the spear-grass rather troublesome), the usual sports and games were in- dulged in by the children with great zest, their parents, teachers and friends assist- ing to make things pleasant. About four o'clock tea and refreshments were par- taken, of in proper picnic fashion on the green sward, and then a start was made homeward, Terowie being reached about half-past five, a very pleasant day having been spent. A Ghost.—A real live ghost has been seen at Wonna, so we are informed. It has the appearance of a woman in white garments (which, by-the-by, always seem to be in fashion in Spiritland), and was seen by a woman and a boy on last Friday night between Mr. Ample and Mr. Teake's farms, Wonna. It flitted before them for some time, passing through fences and other obstacles in such a manner as to show that it was of no earthly mould. We have not been able to learn any further particulars respecting this appa- rition, but we think of sending one of our staff out to interview it and learn its object in '' revisiting the glimpses of the moon." Presentation. — On Monday evening last the employes of the Adelaide Milling and Mercantile Company Limited met at the Old Spot Hotel, Gawler, for the pur- pose of presenting an illuminated address and a handsome gold watch to Mr. W. Malcolm, late Managing Director of the Company, on his entering into business on his own account. A liberal spread was provided. The Mayor of Gawler, Mr. R. Burton,, was in the chair, and made the presentation. Several of the em- ployes bore testimony to the cordial rela tions always existing between the ricipient and those under his charge. Mr. Malcolm feelingly responded. He believed in treating his employes as men and not as machines, and had always endeavored to be their friend as well as their employer. Several toasts, songs, &c.;, were given before the meeting termiuatod. Privileges of the Bar.—A case was tried at Silverton on Wednesday, 22ud inst., which gives an amusing instance of the different views taken by publicans and barmen of their mutual relations as to pay and perquisitesy, &c.; Mr. Pritch- ard, the plaintiff, who has been practising at the bar eight years, states that the usual wages were £3 per week and found, with the right of treating his friends ad lib. Mr. DeBaun, of the Silverton Hotel, the defendant, on the contrary says he usually pays his barmen £2 per week without board, with the privilege of shouting as much as they liked at their own expense. The Bench split the diff- erence, and gave a verdict for £3 10s. per week, less board £1 per week. Business Meeting of the Land Na- tionalization Society.—A meeting of the. above was held at Opie's hotel to make arrangements for the holding of an important public meeting at an early date, of which duo notice will be given. The name of the Rev. W. T. Carter, of Port Pirie, was mentioned as a desirable speaker, as he has evinced great interest in the land question, and his addresses have commanded great consideration wherever they have been given. He differs somewhat in opinion to some of the leaders of the L.N.S. in details, although he has the welfare of the industrial classes at heart, but we think it good policy to have every shade of opinion represented, as discussion will lead to the adoption of the soundest policy. The secretary was directed to make arrangements far a meeting some time before the harvest commences, and also to write and ask Mr. Carter to deliver an address. The only Correct Tip. — " Eclipse," the sporting prophet of the Melbourne Evening Herald, was the only one of the many tipsters who spotted the winner of the Caufield Cup. The prophecy is a remarkable one. He says :—" Partial as I am to the prospects of each of them, I shall look to a bank outsider to win the Caufield Cup of 1884, Blink Bonny, by St. Albans, is one of my fancies, and as I am in a position to inform my readers that the Tasmanian mare will have Crack- nell on her back, I consider she has more than a hundred to four chance of landing Mr. Mat. O'Shanassy's trophy on her owner's sideboard in Tasmania. With 7st. 31b. and Sammy Cracknell on her back, the mare, on her Tasmanian runn- ing alone, must finish forward, and al- though she is advertised to be sold to-day, I think she may be counted upon as a certain starter. Well do I remember when in '57 the number of her great namesake, Mr.. I'Anson's Blink Bonny, was hoisted on the board as the Derby winner, and the astonishment depicted on the faces of the backers of the favor- ites, for the Derby and Oaks winner was considered by the ' talent' to have as remote a chance of winning the classic event as the mare I shall make one of my selections has of appropriating the Caulfield Cup. Lavington has pleased me immensely in his work, and I think Blink Bonny or Lavington will win, and that the numbers will go up — Blink Bonny, 1; Lavington,. 2; Fryingpan, 3." 