IAFFI SHIRE IANDICAP. t- ---- nso (BoBAwQ0Uo' GHosT.) MAYFRx, March 26. ea The race fothe Maffra Shire Handicap th will be run totorrow on the course be tween Upper Id Lower \laffra, and it on should prove a'ost exciting event. With di: the laudable iention of picking the to, winner for you readers, I have been he touting for the pt few weeks, and must an say I am very litt better off than when we I set out. The ol entries are Losw th (Lowe)lander and li(Bbe)ardo fri Lowlander is bylard Nail-Milksop, a and Boiardo by Ene "Liberality. The lik former is aged, lookis if he had done a rie lot of hard work, anuar getting a wee be bit stale from it; sest the MIewburn Ju colt is very fresh, anheems somewhat Da eager to go, and if fit omhe day will run fin a great horse. They ha been doing a sta heap of work in privateand from the str trials they have had areoth confident int of success. Lowlander 5; nominated it and is being trained by orison, wh Ja has trained several colts wit.reat success t for the " blue ribbon," anhe opinion by the stable is that his aerience in on this direction will get his ie in good it form. He has also had thrrices of Auctioneer, a tall dark colt witlenty of to bone and good wind, to assist n in his be gallops. The Auctioneer colt'ems to ra like the game, and a stable bo311s me thi a that he will be started for a eevent b t some day, should his stable colnion e win this time. Lowlander is sai like the track about Newry but tires bit on nearing Lower Maffra. Boiaras cal nominated by Medico, who has beeay. bh ing very little attention to his tra 1 mb evidently thinking he did not want no work. This colt has only had one or t private gallops, on each of these occas }u t being assisted by Mechanics', Cricks Church, Coursing, and Cash, five splend he a goers who appear to take him along we m a the Cash colt being of great assistan e a With the help of this string, he should b ° g very fit on the day, and although he ist d new at the game he appears to be getting It very well used to it. The public were e afforded an opportunity of seeing the M ewburn Park colt run in public last . week. He seemed rather shy at first, and i, a batch of questions might have made him r, kick. His trainer was there and having told the public not to alarm him with a noise, he set him going. He did the dis tance in about 10main. 5secs., a very good performance, over strange ground. d The Newry ground being very unsafe, it was deemed advisable to give him a flutter up there, and he literally astonished the touts by the way he went. Lowlander . was on the ground at Maffra when Boiardo was sent along, but evidently acting under instructions from his trainer, would not give the touts a taste of his qualities, re merely standing aside and kicking. Be t- fore the visitors left the course, the two r- horses were put at the " \lechanics' Sub ag scription Jump," Boiardo landing first by rn about three lengths. One or two stray It hacks on the ground got over before Low g, lander, who did not take to the jumping to line kindly. I have told you what I s know of their qualities oni the training il- track, and the result of the race I believe as will be a win for the Mewburn Park colt n, by a head. The betting at time of writing r is 5 to 4 on Lowlander, as he is said to u- have done a good trial this morning ek I round the Spectator course. 