MISCELLANEOUS. (gHOSt OUR OWN COIUUtS-ONOBNT.) LONDON, JAN. 23. The relations of the church to the state continue to be discussed in Germany, A proposal to restore certain articles of the consti- tilt ion struck out when the May laws were introduced, was met by the Minister of Public Worship declining that the clericals only farmed their own interests by their impor- tunate demands. Whatever its conciliatory attitude towards other nonjuring prelates, the Government deemed the reinstatement of the Bishops of Posen and Cologne incompatible with a lasting peace between church and state. A curious discussion has taken place in the French Chambers on a proposal to redeem ing, at the public cost, articles pledged at the Mont de Piete, or great Government pawnbroking establishment It is suggested that all articles. whatsoever, pledged for less than 10 francs, be gratuitously restored to their owners, and like wise all articles pledged for less than 20 francs, providing the same be either bedding, wearing apparel, linen, 01 tools But it turns out that the great bulk of the things pawned for less than 10 francs are not such as belong to working people at all Among this extraordinary and suggestive catalogue are 2500 opera glasses, 100 cases of mathematical instruments, 100 boxes of water colours, 123 church missals, G.O fans, 70 meerschaum pipes, 3,000 umbrellas, and 01,000 gold rings To redeem the second category of pledged goods appears at first sight more profitable, for it includes -'J-.2_3iirtic.es of clothing and 181,707 bed sheets, but the difficulty here is that it is estimated that three fifths of the pawn tickets have been sold by the borrowers to dealers Moreover, so vast is the number of persons concerned that it is calculated that it would take the entire staff of the Mont de Piete establishment six months to carry out the operation of returning the articles pledged to their owners. The objects of Milne, such as jewellery, clocks, and watches, now held by the Mont de Piete, number 729,400, upon which 30 millions of francs have been lent M de Lesseps has intimated that he is only waiting a note from the British GOVernment before developing his plans with regard to the Suez Canal Meanwhile, the London Chamber of Comme to has again had the question before it. The council have represented to Her Majesty's Government that the agreement proposed is, in their opinion, one at a private character between the Suez Canal Company and their chief customers, and they urge that the country should not be committed to this settlement as a definite settlement of the whole question. The sudden death of Earl Grosvenor, the eldest son of the Duke of Westminster, and heir to his wealthy estates, has excited more than ordinary sympathy, he fell a victim to one of the most ordinary of case cities, a cold, which resulted in congestion of the lungs, and carried him off while as yet only 30 years of age. The Marquis of Hertford lies at death's door, from a heavy fall in the hunting field He failed to disengage his feet from the stirrups, and the animal rolled upon him. 