THIS DATS EVENTS. Eohuca Police Court. Crstan Lands Sale, Deniliquin. Clearing sale at Marathon station. ACTION FOR DAMAGES,-Dr. W. T. Warrt'n brought an action in the Sydney Supreme* Court on Wednesday against Captain Webber, of the San Francisco mail steamer Zealandia, to recover £2,000 damages for slander, assault and false imprisonment. The plaintiff .hipped in Sydney in January, last year as doctor of the vessel. On arrival at San Fran cisco the captain, according to Warren's statement, had him arrested in the presence of of the officers and passengers, and charged him ?with insulting some of the} lady passengers. He imprisoned the plaintiff during the whole of the voyage from San Francisco to Sydney, and placed him in a cabin which was un healthy Thb case for to plaintiff is not yet concluded. Steam WHISTLES.-The revising barrister of the Crown Law department, Mr. Gregory, has drafted a modol bylaw'forthe prevention of thp use of steam whistles at factories or other establishments, so as to be a nuisance to any person. Copies of the by-law have been "sent by the Central Board of Health to the different local boards for their approval and adoption. The penalty to be imposed for every breach of the by-law is not to exceed £10, bor to be less than os. THE LATEST ILLUSION.-Dr." Lynn, the well-known 'conjuror, i exhibiting at the Crystal Palace, Sydenham, a novel trick, by ?which only the upper part of a living human Wng is shown to ths audience, the rest of tho. body from the waist downwards having apparently been entirely removed. In the recent instance the novelty consists in no mirrors being used to bring about the result. The visitor on entering the room is somewhat suprised to see the upper part of the body of a good-looking young woman placed on a swinging shelf. The legs and lower part of the |>ody are entirely invisible. . The first imphlso of many who saw the first perform ance was to imagine that the figure was of wax; but this idea was Boon dispelled by the figur ante, whe in reply to one young lady's whispered question, "Is it really alive V' an swered cheerfully, " Oh yes ; and very well, than,kyou." Beneath the swinging shelf is placed a sword, "which the assistant passes through the space where the legs would be if the support came from below. The illusion is very cleverly managed, the swinging mo tion: particularly giving people the idea that the figure they see before them has really submitted to the ordeal of being cut in tsvo. The position of the person employed in this trick is stated to bo not in the least painful, and she.can, it is said, remain for 12 hours before the public. TexaS'reports the following as a ghost atory, the locality being Tunersville :-"Just as the moment Of the dissolution of a Mrs. Renean, six co(fin6 were seen to come and hover over the hoUie'.and then glide gently upward to the sound of sweet and melodious music." Several feliable persons claim to have wit nessed the spectacle, 