Buddhism in Relation to - Christiauity. . H ' (From a Zondon Correspondent.) 7ik?\ At ttm Inst r lnrgo meetingt held in February, by the Vjctorin ,(]?biIo .. fopbicnl) Inslituto, Zj London, a paper vyns read by tbo Rev. . R. C. Collins; M.A.,~ on, Buddhism in relation to,* Christianity. Ueferrin^'to . the, parallels between tho persons'and characters of .Buddha ond Jesus Christ, . hosoid :—Take, as a prominent instnnce, . the birUrstorica. . 1 need not horo give details, _ which are to bo,found in I any .modern work-on Buddhism. >The Btip \- posed miraculous coucfption ; t tho bring ing down of. Buddha from the Tiisita lieaien ; ,tho ; Dovas /acknowledging his supremacy j, tho _presentntion u ,ili '.the Temple, when the iuioges,of lndrn|ah*d other gods.tbrew themselves at his feet; the temptation by _Mnrn?-wkich legends are embellished by the .modern writer'l have already, quoted, .undor sueh'.pha?e? as "Conceived _by. the. HohvGhost," " Botn.oLtbo. XirghuMnry," ?? Son'g'of the heavenly host," I', Presentation in tho Temple nh(Wc'iTnp(alion''tn the wilder ness" —none .of those arc found in 1 the * early Pali texts// story of ancient' Buddhism, is that anjascelic, whoso family name/ ? was Gautama, preacheiP'a 'new HloctrinV of "human* suffering,'arid a'licV way of deliverance from it. Thoro, is, no thought in j tho' early Buddhism, of which wo rend iatho Pali texle,'of delivercnco at tho hands of a god _ ? but tho man Gautama Buddha itands alono in his striving after tho true emancipation from sorrow and ignorance. Tho accounts of his descending fiom heaven, nnd boing con ceded in tho world of men, when a preternatural light shone over the world, tho blind received sight, tho dumb sang, the lame danced, the sick were cured, together with all such embellishments, arc certainly nddod by later hands ; hud if hero wo recognise some rather remark able'likenesses iv thought or expression to.things familiar to us in onr Bibles wo need iipt bo astonished, whon we re flect how great must have been the -influence, ns I havo beforo hintod.of the Christmas story in India in the early '.couturi.es'of the Christian era, and, perhaps, long subsequently. This is a point which has been much overlooked ; but it is abundantly evident; from, amopg other proofs, the story of tho god Krishna, which is a'manifest parody of tho history of Christ. Bhyavat Gila, a thoosophicol poem put into the mouth of Khrishnn, is something unique niiiong tho productions of the East, con taining many fT C i„ B of what we should call Christian truth wrested from their proper sotting, to adorn this cioation of the Brahman poet and indicating as plainly their origin as do tho stories of his life iv tho Maha-Bharata ; so that it has not '-unreasonably been concluded that the story of Krishna was inserted iii the Malia-Bharata to furnish jj diyino '.-auction to the Bhagavat-Gila. If, ?thooj as.there is the strongest reason to ; pt'liflyc, the phrjstian Sjtory, somewhere ' b.otjvepn lho rirst and tenth cc-'n'lprics of ,v'.th.q, Christian" era,"forced itself into the .great Hindu epic, and was there at tho foundation of the most remarkable poem ; Uiat ever saw the fight in Indja, can ..,pe'bo.surprised jf we find simi'arjy .borrowed and imitated wonders iv the ' later Buddhist stories alto? Several Home and Colonial applications to join Institute as guinea subscribers received, and its object being to investigate nil philosophical and RviuntiCic questions, especially nny paid |q ijiiliint. ogQiMiiliQ uiuh ottlift,Bible —a discussion ensued in Avbicli Mr. I 'Ilormnzd Raetiam, Professor LeitnerJ ' from Lahore, Mr. Coles,' nn enmesh ' stndent of lho question during 25 years' "rosidonco fn Ceylon, Professor Rhys ' Hnvids, j and othera took part, all ( agreeing in nnd state ments of Mr. Collins' paper. Dr. Leither brought n lnrge number of photographs of early Indian and Tartar sculptures, showing tho first introduc tion of', tho Christian story into thoso monuments between about tho second nnd tenth centuries, and ho pointed out tho value of such additional confirmation of Mr. Collins' statements. 