CONGREGATIONAL UNION AND HOME MISSION OF SOUTH AUS TRALIA. The half-yearly meetings of the above were held in the Congregational Church, Port Adelaide, on Tuesday, October 7, under the Presidency of the Bev. C. Manthorpe. There wereeood attendances. The proceedings were commence! by a public devo tional Bervice, and subsequently the Council met to transact business. The Bev. D. Watbins, of the Welsh Free Church, Adelaide and Port Adelaide, was admitted a personal member of the Council, and the Bev. W. Cuirie, of Kyneton, Victoria, now on a visit to this colony, was also associated for the session. THE CHAIRMAN'S ADDRESS. The Chairman (Bev. C. Manthorpe) then deli vered an address on ' Spiritual Power,' in which he observed that the spiritual and holy character of a Church was of far greater moment than its eccle siastical structure, however important this might be, and they must therefore seek to be as near the New Testament in this respect as they believed they were in external constitution. Careful as they might be to comprehend and copy the model of the Primitive Church, and though they adopted as far as they possibly could Apostolic methods in their service, yet this would profit them little unless they bad an unction from the Holy One and were baptized with the Spirit of the Living God. ' Tarry ye in the city of Jerusalem until ye be endowed with power from on high' was one of the Lord's last commands to Bis disciples. ' Ye shall receive power after that the Holy Ghost is come upon you' was one of His pixt ing promises. Obedient to the divine Word, these faithful followers of Christ waited patiently and prayerfully for the fulfilment of the promise, nor had they very long to wait. On the day of Pente cost they were all tilled with the Spirit, divine gifts were imparted, and as the result of this endowment they read that ' with great power gave the Apostles witness of the resurrection of the Lord- Jesus, and great prace was upon them all.' That the first preachers of the gospel were eminently successful in winning converts could not bediaputed. How very soon they came to be spoken of as men ' that have turned the world upside down !' While they were scattered, abroad by persecution they went every where preaching the Word, and by the year 107 Pliny the Younger, then Governor of Bithynia, wrote to the Emperor Trajan for instruc tions because of the large number of Christians in that province. This was bnfc one of the many testimonies they had of the prevalence of Christianity within a hundred years after the death and resurrection of Christ Widel) differing explanations had been given of the sonrce and secret of that marvellous power. Gibbon had tried to account for it in his own way, but the more be studied Gibbon's famous chapter on this subject the more .strongly was he impressed with the force and justice of the late Professor Henry Boger's criticism, who said—' It is as though he had told me that we might account for the success of Christianity from the fact that it had succeeded.' He (the Chairman) contended that it was not enough to say that the season was opportune for the promulgation of a new religion, and that the fulness of the time was come for the advent of the Messiah, the Son of God, or that the early preachers of Christ were men of very intense convictions, who believed, and therefore spoke, and who recom mended their message by the self-sacrificing zeal and purity of their lives. Nor could he regard the matter as settled by a reference to the possession by the Primitive Church of those miraculous powers which attracted the attention of men, and compelled them to acknowledge the presence of superhuman acency. Conceding all this, the ques tion still remained— How was it these early disciples were so remarkably prospered in their mission ? To the Jews their doctrine was a stumbling-block, and to the Greeks it was foolishness ; they were not favoured in any measure by adventitious circumstances; they resorted to none of the artifices and plans adopted by those who were determined anyhow to succeed; they were opposed, calumniated, and persecuted, yet, notwith standing all this, the numbers of the disciples multi plied, and a great company became obedient to the faith. While not ignoring secondary causes in seeking to explain the spread of the gospel, still he affirmed that the true and sufficient explanation of the amazing success achieved lay in the fact that the first heralds of the Ctobs lived and spoke nnder the inspiration of the Holy Ghost They placed no dependence on their own skill in argument or per suasion, and while they endeavoured to the best of their ability clearly to set forth the truth concern ing the person and work of Christ, they looked for the Spirit's help to give efficacy to the word spoken. Accepting the declaration of Paul, we infer that they nad an abiding sense of their own insufficiency, of the infinite importance of theirjwork, and of the absolute need of the all- powerful operation of the Divine Spirit to bring home the truth to the hearts and consciences of their heaters. As we followed their triumphal course and marked their onward progress, they could not forbear asking whether there was anything in their caae so very special and exceptional. Suppos ing that they now as disciples and Churches carried on their work in the same humble spirit of reliance upon Almighty Power, might they not expect a corresponding measure of success? They also believed in the Holy Ghost and did not admit that the Church was spiritually deserted at the close of the Apostolic age. Yet surely the most sanguine and the most easily satisfied among them must acknowledge that the spiritual results of Chris tian effort in these days did not bear favourable comparison with those that were attained in the Bret century of the Church's history. The Chair man quoted from an article in a recent issue of the Nonconformist and Independent, entitled 'The Christianization of the Masses,' in which the writer referred to the successful ministry of men who lived in bygone days, and observed that ' there was no subject better worth patient investigation than the reason why— human nature and human needs remaining the same — the gospel now preached had so little of this high commanding power. Sooner or later,' observed the writer, 'such an enquiry will bave to be made, and we believe that if pushed home its results would be most instructive and fruitful.' The Chairman proceeded to observe that they mani festly wanted more spiritual power in the ministry of tb.9 Church— first, so that whether they served aa prophets or pastors, evangelists or teachers, they might exert a far mightier influence for good ; and, secondly, in order that this Christian consecration might be more thorough and complete; while, thirdly, for this increased spiritual power they must fervently and unitedly pray. In dealing with the Brat point the Chairman warned the ministers that if they would retain and strengthen their hold Dn the people they must Dreach to the times, put forward their best men, be abreast of the thought of the age, make their voice heard with no uncertain sound on the burning questions of the day, eschew all dogma, and simply proclaim Jesus Christ, reform their phraseology that they might speak in the language of the people, cease to be formal, profes sional, vapid, inane. While not unwilling to receive hints from friendly critics, and professing their readiness to learn even from enemies, the Chaiiman nevertheless pointed out that much of the advice so freely given was based on mistaken conceptions of the work of the Christian teacher, md a good deal of it was valueless because inapplic able. As Congregationalists they could bave no sympathy with those who, claiming to be in holy Drders, pronounced every mmistry but their own to be unauthorized, irregular, and disorderly. They sontended for the right and duty of all servants of Christ to speak for Him as they were moved by the Boly Ghost. When a man realized that necessity was laid upon him to witness for Jesus ; when he preached not because he ought but because he must; when he worked not in response to the imperious :all of duty but at the impulse of inexpressible love— rach an one they received as one of God's ordained ministers. By his power to teach and help man iind he would make full proof of his ministry and satisfactorily vindicate his claim to be heard as he testified of Christ. That was the only order of ministers in which they believed, and might God multiply such men a thousand-fold. They could not [airly be charged with indifference about ministerial training and culture ; they, nevertheless, main tamed that efficiency in their ministrations was not 30 much a question of organization as1 of energy, of education as of inspiration. A glance at some of the sensational and outre methods pursued for the purpose of inducing people to attend their places of worship prompted the enquiry whether some of them might not be rather lecturers on Christian ioctrine and ethics than ambassadors of Christ. Bnman ingenuity was taxed to the utmost to devise something novel and startling in order to attract popular notice. Sermons with taking titles on all sorts of subjects were announced, and, in some instances, an additional allurement in the shape of 1 kind of sacred concert was provided. The mighty ;ospel was dealt with as if it were not to be sup posed that anybody would care about it for its own sake, as if it could not be trusted to do its own work and to win its way in the world, there lore something was added by way of a premium. He ;ould not persuade himself that after this fashion they were to become all things to dl men. It was not for them to use worldly mean3 to secure spiritual ends, or pander to the popular taste for show and excitement. Men who in these says strove to reach the masses and to be known as successful workers might obtain an audience, but lid they really gain a hearing for the Master? rhey might draw crowds, but did they save souls? Fhey might fill the pews, but did they build np the Dhurch? He pleaded for nothing antiquated or stereotyped, neither did he defend those religious jxercises which proved tojbe so dreary and weari some, owing to their excessive length, and utter lack )f interest and vitality. He would have their services in the sanctuary, Sunday-school, mission iall, and elsewhere bright, warm, winsoaie, but he was old-fashioned enough to think that their sission was to seek to bring men to the Saviour by jroclaiming the gospel.! Let that be done sincerely, sympathetically, sensibly, and let the Word be attended with the power of the Spirit, and they would not be without hearers or converts. New power, not new machinery or more )f it, was their chief and present need. The Chair man referred to the results of the work of St. Paul in Athens and Corinth as evidence of the power of the preaching of the simple gospel with the Spirit, nhich Paul did at Corinth, as opposed to his elaborate philosophical oration in the Grecian apital.the latter rewardinghim with no fruit, while the Cburch'at Corinth was the largest and noblest [rait ever given to ministerial toil. While holding that there was perhaps more Christian activity than in any period since the Apostolic times, he must also state that from all quarters was heard the confession Df feebleness and spiritual inefficiency; with the tone of piety there were few con versions, and meetings for prayer were shamefully neglected. At the present rate jf progress there was little prospact that the world would ever be evangelized and be brought under the dominion of Christ In conclusion, he prayed that the Lord might pour ont upon them, and 3n all the Churches represented here, of His own gracious Spirit. Without this in vain would be their ecclesiastical polity, and in vain would be their ireed, while with this they were ready for all that the age demanded at their hands. (Applause.) On the motion of the Eev. W. E. Fletcher, the Chairman was tendered a vote of thanks lor his address. A DENOMINATIONAL MAGAZINE. The half-yearly report of the Literature =iub-ccmmittee 'was read by the Ber. W. R. Fletcher, M.A. The report stated that the labours of the sub- committee had been directed mainly to the maturing of a scheme for the publication of a denominational magazine, in accordance with the instruction? of the annual Council. A variety of schemes were suggested, and, icticg upon the recommendation of the sub rommittee, it was finally decided to issue a paper on the following basis:— 2,000 copies of a pamphlet, lemy-octavo in size, and varying in number of pages according to requirements, to be printed monthly md distributed gratuitously amongst the Churches, jach Church to appoint an agent, who would receive the packages and be responsible for their proper distribution. The Jubilee Committee engaged to use the pages of the magazine for the publication of their proceedings, and to bear a proportion of the expense of printing. The name of the paper Is the Congregation^ Record of South Auttralia, and the Bev. W. B. Fletcher, hi. A., had been appointed editor. The first number jf 2,000 copies had been issued. It was hoped that 2very person receiving a copy of the Record would subscribe one shilling per year, so that the paper would not be a burden to the committee, Tbe com mittee recommended that the motion providing for the issue of a year-book for 18S5 should be rescinded, as in future a few cop'es of the Record would be reserved and bound at the end of the year with all tbe necessary statistics, thus supplying the place of a year-book. The report was adopted, and it wa3 decided not to publish a year-booK for 1885. ' HALF-YEARLY REPORT. The half-yearly report of the Executive Com mittee was read by the Bev. J. C. McMichael. At Alma, after the resignation of the Bev. E. C. Atkinson, religious services had been temporarily held. Subsequently an afternoon service was con ducted by the gentleman supplying Hamley Bridge. The committee considered the union of the two Churches under one pastorate exceedingly desirable. The Bev. T. S. Williams, the new pastor at Hamley Bridce, bad since, the committee was glad to say, accepted a unanimous call from Alma, and the result was so far very satisfactory. At Hose Park the Bev. W. S. Fernie, wno had come on a six months' engagement, had received a unani mous invitation to remain, and the work showed signs of vigorous health and growth. The frienda at Maitland, Y.P., had determined to erect a suit able building for public worship, the members of the Church contributing building material, and in other ways rendering help. At Mount Lofty the services had been conducted since November by the Bev. J. C. McMichael, who undertook the pastorate at the request of the Church for twelve months. In view of the increase of population and tbe growing importance of the district, it had been decided to secure the services of a young minister from England. Mr. H. Searle had been written to with this intei.t. The friends at College Park were still without a pastor, although services and work had been vigorously maintained, and the Bev. J. Beed Glasson was now Jon his way out from England with a view to accepting the pastorate. A piece of land was offered by the Bev. J. Hoham on behalf of the late Mr. George Howie, for Church building at Bridgeport, but was declined with thanks owing to the lack of a minister to supply the place, and its distance preventing it being worked by lay preachers. The attention of the committee had been directed to Silverton by letters received from Mr. James Port Tbe correspon dence was referred to the newly appointed Church Extension Sub-committee, which brought up a report suggesting the best means to be adopted under pre sent circumstances The committee considered it doubtful whether their funds would be available, as the place was in another colony. The report was re ferred to the Property Sub-committee for necessary enquiries, the result to be laid before the Council in due course. The report also dealt with other matters. It was stated that an addition to the ministerial ranks bad been made by the recent arrival of the Bey. D. Watkina from Wales, who had accepted an invitation to a joint pastorate in A delaide and Port Adelaide. After referring to the establishment of a monthly denominational maga zine, entitled the Congregational Record, and to the proposed discontinuance of the Year-book for 1885, the funds available not being sufficient to continue it, the report proceeded to treat of tbe Aged Minis ters' Fund. The committee reminded the meeting that a proposal to raise an Aged Ministers' Fund had been brought before the Council by Mr. A. Adamson, the object being to provide a sum of money for the widows and families of those ministers who were precluded by age from becoming beneficiaires of the Ministers' Provident Fund. The committee had obtained the ready consent of the sub-committee appointed to consider the matter that the proposed fund should be embodied in their scheme for raising money for the various pnrDoses contemplated in the general jubilee scheme. Tbe committee regretted that the commercial depression rendered necessary the suspension of active work in connection with the proposed jubilee celebration. It was hoped, how ever, that the visitation of the Churches by a depu tation, which had already commenced, would result in exciting deep interest in the movement and in the adoption of plans f ot developing systematic giving among all the members of tbe Church. The com mittee further regretted that the income of the Union was still scarcely adequate to meet present expenditure, and did not permit extension of work. It was heped, however, that any plans that might be suggested by the Finance Sub- com- mittee for increasing the income of the Union would meet with hearty and practical approval. The committee pointed to the result of tbe repeal of the Totalizator Act as proof of the real motive of the patrons of the turf in promoting horse-racing all over the colony. It was not likely that things would be allowed to run on as they were without a determined effort to secure a return to the use of the totalizator and all its attendant evils. Petitions were lying for signa ture in Ithe city with this object. A Vigilance Sub-committee had been appointed by the commit tee, and the meeting would be asked to take action to defeat the designs of the advocates of gambling. After referring to the hearty receptions accorded by the Congregational Union of England and Wales to the South Australian delegates— Messrs. B. Searle and H. F. Fry— the committee concluded by re gretting that the benefit to the health of the Bev. B. It. Fernie by his trip to England had not con tinued, adding that arrangements had been made to secure the Church at Kapunda efficient help while the illness of Mr. Fernie lasted. The report was adopted, and it was resolved to write to the Consregational Union of New South Wales, offering to co-operate with them in any scheme for the promotion of religions interests in Silverton, and also to at once send' a student from the College to that place, paying his expenses, in order to provide the town with religious minis tration. Mr. James Port gave the meeting some particulars of the absolute dearth of religious ser vices there, and expressed his conviction that there was a wide field a't Silverton which would repay tilling, and should be attended to at once. A petition against the repeal of the Act prohibiting the use of the totalizator was handed in, and will be presented to Parliament in due course. FINANCIAL REPORTS. Ihe Finance Committee reported that it com menced the year with a credit balance of £7 Is. 7d., besides £400 lying in the Bank of Adelaide. The income for the six months ending September 30 had been £125 14s. 5d., as against £197 for the corre sponding half of last year. The expenditure for the six months had been £221, and the sum of £100 had betn paid out of the amount on deposit to the Ministeis' Provident Fund. The amount at present due on overdraft was £95 9s. Out of the £300 at present on deposit £100 would be available by the end of this month. The grants-in-aid for the second quarter now due amounted to £98 16a. 6d., and un paid accounts to £52 6s. 3d., which, with overdraft it the Bank of £95 9s., made the total liabilities of the Union £246 10s. 9d. The report was adopted. The committee dealing with the Ministers' Provident Fund reported that in April last the Fund amounted to £2,907 7s. lid. Since then the snm of £100 had been received from Mr. John Angas, the total amount of the Fund, including interest, now stand ing at £3,127 5s. 4d. Promises had also been received of £100 more for the present year, before the close of which period interest amounting to £120 would also be due. There were at present eleven beneficiary members on the list, but two of these were in arrears, and ahou'd anything occur they would have no claim on the Fund. They had been twice informed of this. Ths first division of profits would take place at the close of the present financial year. The report was adopted. The Pro perty Sub-committee reported that the efforts made at the annual meetings to obtain particulars of Church properties in suburban and country dis tricts for permanent record by the Union had not been futile, inasmuch as satisfactory returns had been received from the following Churches :— Port Adelaide, Glenelg, College Park, Hamley Bridge, Rapunda, Bagot's.Well, and Maclaren Vale, in addi tion to which t:tles were held either on mortgage or for safe keeping of various other Churches. The returns showed that it was desirable either to place all Church deeds, &c;, in the strong-room of the Union for safety or in the care of the Secretary, or in a box of their own. The Clayton Roberts Fund bad increased to £236 10s., £150 of which had recently been withdrawn from Hogan's property at Minlaton, and reinvested or lent at 8 per cent, for five years on property at Parkside; £40 was lent on property at Hindmarsh at 3 per cent, and the balance, £46 103. 6d, deposited in the Savings Bank. In 1857 Mr. Boberts made over to Clayton Chapel £1,000, of which £300 was a free grant, £700 being a free dona tion prospectively to the Congregational Church Building Society, to be paid by annual collections. The first payment was made in 1859, from which time until January 14, 1879, £328 2s. 7d. was paid, when it was agreed on both sides that payment to the Chapel Building Society of a lump sum of £150 should discharge the debt This sum nad to be invested at not less than 7 per cent., and with nil interest accruing had to be kept in a sepa rate fund until it reached £700, the original amount. Ihe fund then would take nine or ten years in realizing £871 17s. Ed., the amount required. With regard to the suggested scheme of erecting a wooden building for a place of worship at Silverton, it a cost of £150, to seat 160 persons— £50 to be raised by the people of Silverton, £50 by local sub scriptions, and £50 loan from funds under control of the Union— the committee reported that there were no funds available for the purpose, as their rules prohibit lending for use in any other colony. In riew of the present legislation on the subject of taxation the committee recommended that the Con rregational Union join with other religious bodies in a memorial to get exemption from taxation for all places of worship, or, if necessary, to act alone in the matter. The report was adopted. THE JUBILEE MOVEMENT. The Jubilee Committee reported that delay had been experienced in the movement owing; to ssvere Bnancial depression. Two meetings of the com mittee and three of the Executive Committee had been held, and the position of affairs had been dis cussed, and it bad been arranged to commence operations at the flrstif a\ ourable opportunity. The Rev. W. B. Fletcher had been chosen Chairman, and it had been resolved to close subscriptions at the end of the year 1888. Arrangements had been made instead of calling a meeting to make visits to the Churches, and to encourage the yonng in giving periodical gifts. Jubilee auxiliaries in connection with Stow and North Adelaide Churches had been formed. The aim first would be to interest them in the jubilee movement itself bv explaining its objects and the proposed plan of operations. After giving some details of the early life of the Church in the colony, the committee observed that the releasing of the Chun hes from debt were the objects of the jubilee. In each Church it was intended to establish a jubilee auxiliary, the officers and workers cf which should include the most earnest workers of the Church. The Secretary of each would be in official communication with the executive, and would be responsible for the proper collection and forwarding of gifts to the jubilee office. With all confidence the committee again commended this great project to the consideration and support of the members of the denomination throughout tbe colony. The report was adopted. SUNDAY-SCHOOL WORK. A fair amount of Sunday-school work ap peared to bave been done during the past half-year. A conference of the pastors and Sunday-school teachers of the city and Bubnrhan Churches was recently held in Stow Church Lecture Ball, with a view of conferring together on the general question of the religious instruction of the young people connected with the denomination, and for the cromotion of friendly feeling among fellow- workeraCAbout five ministers andioo teach eTsattended.theChatananof the Union, Bev. C. Manthorpe, presiding. As an introduction to the Conference abort papers were read on Sun* day-school work by teachers, and a 'discussion fol lowed, it being unanimously decided that a similir Conference should be held twice a year in future. It was considered at that Conference tint In future the Church and the Sunday-school should be more closely identified than in the past ; that the Church as a whole shonld assume the entire responsibility of the Sunday-school enterprise, providing all necessary appliances for working it The report of tbe Sunday-school Committee was adopted. MISCELLANEOUS. The Ptndents1 Sub-committee reported that they bad held one meeting daring the half-year, the onlv buhiness dealt with being that referred to the sn& committee by the Council at the last annual meeting Damely, the question of preparing for the ministry young men not able to go through a complete College course. In view of the fact that there were do funds available for carrying out the object con templated the subcommittee felt that the con sideration of any scheme bid better be postponed for tbe present, and reported accordingly. The report was adopted. This con duced the business before the Union, but as it lasted much longer than was expected, the Con ference which was to have taken place during the afternoon on spiritual work in ttie Churches was not held, the whole of the after noon being devoted to the reac'ing cf re Eorts. The formal business was pleasanuy broken y a capinl lunch provided in the schoolroom adjoining tbe Church by trie Port Adelaide friends who were especially thanked by the guests for their hospitality, a vote of thanks being Jao subsequently tendered to Messrs. Banfotd and Haddy for thair tasteful display. THE EVENING MEETING. In the evening a well-attended tea meeting wa3 held jn the schoolroom, fi lloweil at 7.30 by a public meeting in the Chu'ch The Rev. C. Manthorpa again presided, and the attjn!'arce was large. Ths Chairman stated the ol jrcts of the Jubilee Fund at some length, and called upon the Bev. \V. R. Fletcher to move tbe following resolution :— 'That this meeting, recognising the importance of the jubilee moiement, resolves to form a Jubilee Auxiliary in connection with this Church, and nominates the following ladies and gentlemen as a committee of the auxiliary, with power to add to their number :— Captain Bickers, Messrs. J. Stone, T. .Viitchelmore, H. Banford, James Murray, V. Jones, Walter?. O. W. Thompson, S. Malin, W. B. Msttinson, M.P, H. Eme', J. H Hannay, J. Oure. H. Jones, G. Wilks, T. E. Daives, O. P. Hodee, Thomas Todd, Lockyer, W. Palmer, J. Haddy, and their wives, with Messrs. H. Jones and McLellan as Secretaries.' Mr. Fletcher, in an earnest speech, exhorted his hea'ers to work harmoniously to the achievement of the jnbilee scheme. He hoped the existing debt of £460 upon the new instrument in the Port C5ur:h would soon be liquidated, so that attention mipht be fully devoted to the larger scheme they were met to advocate. Mr. J. F. Conigrave seconded the motion, and referred to the initiation of the jnbilee scheme at Gawler a year ago, when stirring speeches were made, and a resolution to carry out the scheme was carried with much enthusiasm. From then till now that enthusiasm had been working in the minds of a few of them more directly connected with the proposal, and tbe movement hid now arrived at that sta^e which made them firmly believe it would be earned out. Beference was also made to the enthusiasm and spiritual fervour evoked at the recent jubilee meetings in Sydney, and their results commented upon hopefully. With Tegard to the Port Adelaide Church and its possibilities, Mr. Conigrave said there were something like 400 children in connection with it and the Church at the Semaphore. If these children subscribed a penny per week each they would give in the next four years £340 13s. 4d. Taking al^o the members and adherents of the Port Church at 160, and assessing them at an average of threepence per week each, that would raise an additional £390, bringing up the total to £730 13s. 4d. This made no allowance for the large gifts which the richer members might contribute. They estimated the total debts on Churches in the colony at £25,000, and reckoning interest on this snm at 6 per cent they had to pay away annually something like £1,500, which when debts were extinct might be added to the funds for much-needed Church extension. He referred with pleasnre to the fact that that Church had met the committee with the largest congregation yet assembled to further its objects. (Applause.) The resolution was carried unanimously. The Bev. J. C. Eirby proposed a vote of thanks to all who bad assisted in the meetings of the Union, referring specially to Messr«. Banford and Haddy for their tasteful display at the dinner tables. Captiin Bickers seconded, and the motion was carried unanimously. On the motion of Mr. H. W. Thompson, a hearty vote of thanks was accorded to the Bev. C. Manthorpe for presiding, to which that gentleman responded, and the meeting closed with tbe Doxolopy. SACRED CONCERT. In the intervals between the speeches the choir of the Port Adelaide Church tendered several anthems in a very efficient manner, among them being ' O come let us worship/' a veritable gem arranged from Himmel, Miss Davies singing the beautiful solo, to which her sweet voice did full justice. This talented vocalist also sang a solo entitled 'Angels' Visits' in a praiseworthy manner. A solo entitled 'The Guardian Angel' was also sung by Mr. Eon; on, the choir following with the anthem ' I will extol Thee.' An interesting featnre of th!s part of the entertainment was the playing by Mr. Channon of aBenedictua by Weber, the fine new organ enabling the organist to give a most effective interpretation of this lovely movement The organ is so arranged that tbe organist can direct the choir with the greatest of ease, thekeyboard being placed at some distance from and in front of the organ itself, after a novel plan of which there is, we believe, no other instance in this colony. A collec tion was made in aid of the Organ Fund, a con siderable sum being still required before the debt will be paid off. 