CHAPTER XXIV. "I suppose," said. Mr. Muir to his son next morning, shortly after breakfast, " you'll be for going to Beechfield to day, and seeing if Miss Garnsey's any the worse for yesterday's rain." " She was not out in it; but I meant to . ride over and enquire how she got home." "That's right. Civility '11 never hurt you; and I'm sure she 11 be right well pleased. Gorman made no direct answer to these statements; his mind was full of another matter. T , "And as 1 comeback," he remarked, "I Suppose I had better take Clear Stream in my jtvay, and ask after Miss Boyle," It would not be amiss, agreed Mr. Muir. ■' The mother's a good tenant; and, though she's just the very craziest old woman I ever did come across, I .daresay she is fond of her child through all. 1 tell you what, Gorman, leave it off till the afternoon, and we can jwalk over together."' Whether or not this arrangement was one which recommended itself to Mr. Gorman Muir, he assented to the suggestion with a good grace; and about 3 o'clock father and son set out to pay that visit whioh Mrs. Boyle arrayed herself to receive hours previously. Berna, knowing pretty well What was coming, had gone for a long walk early in the forenoon. When she saw her mother don fresh cap and best dress she said she had a headache, and thought the air might do it good. " Very likely, dear," said Mrs. Boyle, who desired nothing more earnestly than her daughter's absence; and you need not be hurrying yourself. We'll tell Ruth to put the dinner-tune back an hour, so you can take a' fine long turn when you're about it. Well the girl knew what this meant, and, interpreting her mother's permission in the widest sense, she remained out till she conceived the longest visit must have ended. When Ruth opened the door Berna looked at her old nurse enquiringly, but Ruth only shook her head. He had not been there, evidently, and the girl's heart sank within her. She was tired, her limbs were weary, and the air had not blown away her headache. She felt low and dispirited, and in no mood to reply cheerfully when Mrs. Boyle ex claimed, " Oh, here you are, that's well. I told Ruth we'd only have a tray brought in to-day; no call to spread a cloth, there's no knowing who might happen to Btep in." " Are you expecting any one, mamma?" " Not to exactly say expect; but I wouldn't he surprised if Mr. Gorman Muir looked in to pass the time of day. He did let fall a word about coming to see I'd got no cold through standing in the night aw watching for you. Come now, take on your things as fast as you can, and let us get our dinner over." "I do not want any dinner," said Berna. " I should like to lie down for an hour. If Mr. Muir doeB call, I would rather be out of the way." "There vou are again," exclaimed Mrs. Boyle. " Was there ever such a girl before: always thinking about yourself, walking till you are tired to death, and then coming home and wanting to be waited on hand and foot. However, go and lie down, it's nothing to me; indeed, when you're well you're not such lively company anybody need break their heart to be without you for a while." It was something even to have got this per mission, and Berna lost no time in availing herself of it. For nearly an hour she lay listening and thinking, but at last she fell into a dreamless sleep. When she awoke, darkness had set in, and Ruth was standing By the bedside with a candle in her hand. "It's nearly 5 o'clock, Miss Berna," she said in an eager whisper. " Mr. Muir and his son have been here this hour and more. They are going to stop for tea, and the mis tress has sent me to call you." In the first moment of waking Berna had raised herself on her elbow, and rubbed her eyes, half blinded with the light. Row she lay down again, sighing heavily. Evidently she felt no wild desire to add another to the festive party in the little sitting-room. Ruth stood looking at her for a few seconds, every wrinkle in her toil-worn face expressive of tne tenderest love and deepest compas sion. What ought her young lady not to have had in the way of wealth and pleasure and society? Well-born, well-bred, well-nur tured, she ought, had things gone as they should, to have been, as her nurse expressed the matter, among the "first in the land; and here she is, through her own free will, chained to a foolish mother but little better than me —worse nor me, indeed, because she hasn't a grain of sense, not enough to know when she's making a town talk of herself." " I am afraid, Miss, dear," she said, after that minute's muse, "youll have to go in among them. The mistress's in one of her humours, and she'll listen to nothing I can tell her. There'll only he a disturbance If you keep away. It's the father wants to see you, I think they've heard as much talk almost as they can stand. It has been going straight on ever since they came in. If your mother had been running about with them since she was two years of age she couldn't be freer or more friendly. It's a burning shame, and Fll tell her so, once they're gone, whether she's pleased or displeased; but you'd best get up now—you had indeed. I'll . just let tiiem know you're coming, and then I'll slip back and do up your hair. Oh, dear! oh, dear 1" added poor Ruth, sotto voce, as she left the room, " to think of my child ever having to demean herself by going among the like of them. It's enough to make the poor master rise from his grave." Ten minutes later, with the flush of sleep ; Still tinging her cheeks, Berna walked along the passage, pausing for a moment at the parlour-door ere entering the room. Talk—that is, Mrs. Boyle's talk—was still in full progress. The widow seemed in the height of her glory; she had got her audi ence, who were receiving as scant meroy as the ancient mariner showed to that unhappy pvedding guest. At the moment when Berna stood still, holding the handle in her trembling fingers, Mrs. Boyle was in full cry across country, ride the cnesnut. which was one of the wickedest brutes in all Mayo. Well, and as I was saying" At that jnnotore Berna entered, a brilliant colour mantling in her cheeks, her eyes bright with feverish excitement, her heart sick with shame and sorrow, every nerve in her body in a state of tension. As if a ghost had suddenly appeared before lier, Mrs. Boyle stopped dead in her narra- ' tive. " So you've come at last!" she exclaimed, "lam sure I don't know what. Mr. Muir must think of you." What Mr. Muir really thought was that he saw before him a very beautiful young girl; and as he took Bernas cold hand in his, he verbally expressed something of this idea. The man meant no offence, it was only his nature; but Gorman could see that Berna shrank a little more into herself as he-spoke. " Miss Boyle is not accustomed to such compliments," he said, with an uneasy laugh. '• Isn't she?" returned the farmer. "She'll get used to them after a bit, from some more likely person than me." " She's far too young for anytMng of that sort," broke in Mrs. Boyle. "Isshe now? I shouldn't have thought it," observed Mr. Muir, surveying Berna in a way which dved her face with still a deeper | crimson. " But never mind me, Miss, it was only my joke; all I meant was, you're a very fine young woman, though your mother; as is natural, will have it you re still but a child." " I hope you did not take any cold yester day, Miss Boyle," said Gorman. " Cold I" repeated the widow. " What would makeher take cold? Your father and you took too good care of her for that: well wrapped, and driven home while I was fretting myself to death out in the damp night air, wondering what had become of her." " And you ought to pay more heed to your self than stand out in the night air at your time of life," said Mr. Muir, who had no idea of founding any pleasing fiction on the Met of his tenants age. " I don't know what yon mean about my time of life," answered Mrs. Boyle. Trouble makes us all look old, but it can't make any body really old. If I hadn't married younger - than that girl there, and taken the weight of the world on myself before I was well out of the nursery" "You couldn't have looked better than you do," finished Mr. Muir, laudably anxious to conciliate. " It's not many that have come through as much could nave kept the girl's figure you have, and been as light on your feet as yourself. Why, there's my eldest daughter Bell—wants a month or two yet of being six-and-twenty, and I declare to my conscience she looks an old woman beside you." " It's the mind does it, Mr. Muir," said the widow, in gracious explanation. " It's the mind. As my poor father used to say— ' You'll be a girf, Milly, till you are eighty year old.' I take after him ; He was the mer riest soul. The very morning as he died in the evening he was lilting out, • The night before Larry was stretched,' and making us all screech with laughing. Ah I there's not many left like him." "I remember him well," Mr. Muir re marked. " He was a short stout man, red faced, with a squint. He'd put away many a tumbler of punch in his time, or I'm much mistaken. His nephew does not favour him mnch." "No.that he doesn't," agreed Mrs. Boyle " there s but little fun about Bichard Vince. Not that I've a word to say against him. We can't all be pleasant and heartsome alike; and, maybe, it's not Richard's fault altogether that the cares of riches have been a yoke round his neck and a burden to his feet, as the Bible talks about." Gorman Muir looked at the speaker in amazement. He had never previously con ceived of such a woman as Mrs. Boyle. That she could be Berna's mother seemed to him monstrous. His own father might be, and was, objectionable; but at least no one could say he was a fool. " She ought to be glad to marry me," he thought, " to get away from thisand then he turned to Berna, who, with averted face, was gazing steadily into tne fire, only to feel the girl'B nature held something in it he ] might find it difficult exactly to understand. " Stir yourself, now, Berna," commanded Mrs. Boyle, " and give Mr. Muir a cup of tea. I hope you il make yourelves at home," she | proceeded with gracious hospitality; "we oughtn't to be like strangers to one another. Here's some apple jelly I made myself after we came to Clear Stream. Though 1 say it, I don't think you'd find batter coloured in the county. When I was a girl I always did fet praise for my preserves. As I often tell { lerna there, she'll be a poor useless creature ! if ever she comes to have a house of her own." " Maybe she'll not need to look after any thing of the kind," suggested Mr. Muir. "It's to be hoped she won't indeed. If she's to see to much, I pity the man who gets her. She hasn't the .least notion of making things comfortable, and as for conversation, you might as well expect it from a mute." "Mamma is determined you shall not re main in ignorance of my faults, Mr. Muir," said Berna, trying to smile. "You see, answered that gentleman, " when one in a house has heaps of talk, it is as well there is somebody knows how to hold her tongue. What do you think you'd do, Mrs. Boyle, if your daughter had as much to say as yourself ?" " I'd be thankful, I am sure. Mauy's the time and often I sit wondering wh&t;'ll become of the girl when I am dead aud gone, and she has nobody to speak up for her. To see me so lively and cheerful you would never believe the amount of thought I have in me; and I need it all, too, for goodness only knows what would happen if I wasn't always considering something?' It was at this point Berna determinedly ] struck across her mother's monologue. Turn ing to Gorman she asked him about Finney's Farm—if he had really decided to take it; whether he did not think the risk too great. Astonished, Mr. Muir noticed the quick, nervous decision of her manner—the resolute way in which she' prevented any further exhibition of folly. " There's a heap in her," he thonght; " I wonder, now, whether it's bad or good." " You'll give us a song after a while, Miss Boyle, wont you?" he said. "It'll belong before I forget what you sang yesterday." "I have a Quantity of new music, if you would care to look at it," Gorman ventured; "some good duets, and— "Duets I" thought Berna; horrified.. " Thank you," she answered, with that new manner which so surprised Mr. Muir, " but I never sang any duets excepting with papa; and I do not think I shall ever sing any again." "Did yon ever hear anything like her?" enquired Mrs.- Boyle. " 1 ou might think no one had ever lost a father before. "No one could have been fonder of a father," said Berna, with a dangerous flash in her eyeB. No, never again, she determined, would she sit quiet and hear the dead spoken of as she had done. " What should you like, Mr. Muir?" she asked, rising and going towards the piano, which was, indeed, an old instrument discarded from the school room at Craigvallen; and Bhe sang a couple of songs, while Mis. Boyle giggled and chattered in andible whispers to the younger man. "Give us something now with a bit of life in it, Berna," said the widow at last. "'Young Lochinvar," or 'Sandy and the Mermaid,' or 'Allaa-a-dale.'" "'Alion-a-dale' is delightful," remarked Goiman. "Yes; let's have 'Allan-a-dale,'" cried Mrs. Boyle ; and when her daughter, after some natural hesitation, began that old-world ditty, she was good enough to join in with a high, cracked voice, and many a twist and twirl and marvellous cadenza. The way she looked at Qorman and nodded her head, and tapped the floor with her foot, and generally —as Mr. Muir afterwards remarked—went on like a mad woman, was simply inde scribable. She was off to the forest to hear a lore tale, And the youth it was told by was Allan-a-dale, sang the widow, with a triumphant toss of her cap and a killing glance at Gorman, " That's the sort of tune for me; none of your die-away, heart-broken balladB." "And you ve a fine shrill voice of yonrown yet, ma'am," said Mr. Muir, in doubtful com pliment. "Thank you, Miss Boyle; it's a real treat to hear anybody able to sing like you. Now Gorman, if you're ready; we'd best be lessening the distance between here and Ardilaw." 