' " ECHOES OF MfELBOZTRNE. . . '(Br ,Tn GHOsT.) * The Legislative Council has during the week. been.diligently at work, and sitting unusually late for that august body-until half-past ten o'clock-disposedof anumber of bills of more or less importance. The principal measures dealt with were the Legal: Professions Amalgamation Bill, the LandBill, and the Mining on Private Property Bill. The first on the list was shelved for the session, and the young limbs of the law belonging to "'the inferior branch'" will. still for some, time have to possess their souls in peace before being entitled to the.privilege of "a seat" when addressing a- judge in Chambers, 'and a wig, resembling nothing in Heaven or earth or the waters' under the earth, when engaged inforensie warfare on behalf of their, clients. The Land Bill, having passed its crucial stages, has been debated in committee, and in all probability will be returnedl to the:Assembly with one or two important andeeveralunimportant amend ments during :next week. The 'Mining on Private.Property Bill has been sent ":to the place from',which 'it came" with an amendment substituting " elbven'?"for the I"fourteen "'years during which ,existing agreements . between landowners . and miners.are to remain in force, originally proposed bythe Council, and " seven' as substituted bythe Assembly, and there is every .chance of the compromise being accepted, and the honour of having at last passed a measure, after twenty-five failures by his various predecessors, devolving upon the present Minister, :Mr. J. 'P. Levien. The Assembly has during the seven hours per'diem on the three days a week devoted to the service of the state been exclusively occupied with the ,Railways Constitution Bill. It is not too much to say that the proceedingswere"farcical." Indeed,thepeo ple's representatives themselves appeared to treat the measure as a huge joke, and, when it became apparent that Mr. Service had really.'.put his ·foot down" and there was no possibility of forming any combin ations for engineering additional bills through' the House, gave . unrestricted' course: to their exuberant animal spirits, The lord of: misrule reigned supreme. As each member in turn rose in his place to:propose the particular railway his:constituents desired, onlyo to.' find his .propositidn:: greeted with a chorus of "noes,"' peals of Homeric laughter rang., through: the . chamber. ' The solemn priggishness` of, Mr. James, the inane' chattering of Mr. M'Coll, and the musical, voice' of Mr. MIackay, were all unable to check the hilarity of .honourable gentlemen..Onily once did the Government look grave." Mr. D. M. Davies proposed a line fromn Ballarat to Buninyong, and rcarried the proposition against the MIinistry. .The victory is,. however, likely to prove a barren one. The country to be traversed is of 'a most'difflcult nature, and would, although the distance between the two points to be connected'is only seven miles, involve a .very large outlay. The Councillwill most certainly veto the pro position. But the episode is nevertheless a significant. one. It' may, indeed, be termed "another nail in the Government' coffin," and betokens that there are periods in their history when majorities become tired of being "servile." ,Contrary 'to general expectation, the Railway. Bill Iwas not passed through its final stage.. This will, however, be accom plished on Wednesday or Thursday next, and as the estimates have been dealt with, there will then be nothing to prevent the Governinent from carrying out their inten tionof proroguing Parliament on the 18th of December, and going into the peaceable haven of a six months' recess. The legis lation on "social" subjects, which -formed an important item in the Ministerial pro gramme 'submitted in the Governor's speech when inaugurating the session, will be postponed until a more convenient season. If local option, the cure of. larri kinism, and the changes in the tariff recom :iniiideOd-liy tlhe C?iomuission weredealt with now, therewouldi be nowork left for the -Houses whennext they meet. Mi. Service is quite 'aware of the truth of the adage that a certain daik personage, whose name is unmentionable in polite society, "finds work for idle hands to do," and has no de sire to allow his followers to have their labours directed by any one but himself. .: Finding it: impossible to defeat the tactics of .the: opponents of the Scots Church Severance Bill, the promoters of thi,-iieasure have decided on withdrawing the bill.::' The return of MIr. Strong has caused the question to assume quite another aspect, and the object sought by his friends can now, it is asserted, be at tained without the intervention of either the 'Law Courts or Parliament. But befoire the question is settled there will be some warm work in the Melbourne Prcd bytery and the General Assembly. In soehe parts of Africa the serpent is an object Nof. adoration. In Siam people worship the .. ele~phant. The ancient Egyptians paid divine honoers'to the bull, iied the Brah~iin has from time iim memorial reverenced the cow.. .In Mel bourne at the presenotmomerit' the horse is the divinity of the hour. .The talk of every one is'of the Cup.euplpy. The streets are crowded with strangers, and the' steamers arriving from New. Zealand, Adelaide,'Brishane, and Sydney are daily 'adding their quota to the, throng that assembles on' the occasion of the Victorian racing Saturnialia., Given fnlue -weather, and it may be safely predicted that the number of people gathered on thle lem ingten course on Tuesday next will.be far larger than it has been at any former tine. And of the vast concourseo'of people, how many will be' lucky enouglh to "spot the winner ?" -The second grand Billet. Lottery, held under ther auspices of the Railway Depart ment, is Ito take place next week.;: The tickets issued to applicants number 1731 the appointments of carriage cleaneirs, porters, pointsmen, and boilermakers, are 172.. According, therefore, to Cocker-and Mr. Mirams-the chances are as nearly as can be ten.to one against each applicant. Here is'a fine field open for an enterprising bookmaker. If every applicant would accept, "nine to'one ' about his 'lchance, he would " hedge" hIis disappointment, and give the books an opportunity 'of-getting round. Mr. Joseph Thompson,. the Leviathan of the.ring,.has just returned.from a. trip to, the old cdunimtry., Possibly when he :is aware of the new opening for his peculiar talent, he may avail hiniself of 'its inbni fest advantages. ' : ' : The managers of the-Melbouirne thieatres, or' at least :fessirs: Misgrovire, Garner, and Rignold, are likely to " come to grief," in consequence of the intense de sire shown by them,' durin'g an interview. 'with the Chief Secretary, to preserve the puremdrals of theeMelbourno public frodm the contaminating influence of the trustees of" the' Jubilee Exhlibitidn about to be opened. -These delicately 'iiniided genitle men, who never, never, never, haveo placed " leg pieces" on the' stage, are, afeid that Messrs. L. L. Smith, Zox/,"and the trustees of the Exhibition Building are about to introddee in' the pretty theatre they have irected in' the Caurlton "Crystal Palace," "'naughty".' dremnas,' and to 'allow ;.:naughty'people to congregate to 'see thiem. Unfortunately for themselves,;they miade'.their fears public on the occasion of a deputation, and backed up their case by a. series of libellous statements. Those have been objected to by leveral of the gentlemen whose names we'e prominently broughtforward,with the result that an appeal to the law Courts will be made, in default of the receipt of an ample public apology from the offenders. That gentlemen who for years have winked at the existence of the v.stibule and the "saddling paddock" shlould take upon themselves the oflice of conservators of public morality is somewhat of an an6inaly. But theni, iSithere really no possibility of SLktan reprovizg sin ?' 'Thi age of toad?ism has not yet passed, and there 'aro yet plenty of types of the' official flunkey immortalised as "Jgnklins."' On Tuesday .the Police Magistrate.(Mr. Call) sentenced two men to fineas of forty Sshillings and costs for applying to the Governor's orderly the epithet of "Joker." The official De la Pluche has ino, how ever, been made happy .by any recognition in high places for his great respect for vice-regal authority. Indeed the fact that tihe Governor has remitted the fine is rather a snub for the officious justice. Quensecliff was on Tuesday last the locale of a love match. The Ven. Dr. Bromby, whose years surpass by fivo the three score and ten allotted to man in this "vale of tears," led to the altar a bride of " sweet seventeen." Six months ago the reverend gentleman lost his first wife, to whom he had been wedded for upwards of fifty years, having entered tile "holy state" in 1833\. What better tribute couldlhave been offered to the late partner of his joys and sorrows ? That a man who for fifty years has been held in the bonds of matrimony should so soon after their loosening be ready to have them re-tied is surely the highest compliment he could pay to the departed wife. Thb odium theologicus which pervades the Iolbourne Daily Telegrapl since the recent change in its proprietary has again caused that eminently respectable, but somewhat. slow and prosy, journal to get into trouble. The enormous wickedness of the New Guinea explorer sdnt out from the Age office, and who treated the Papuans to bullets instead of Bibles, was expatiated upon at length in the columns of the Daily Telegraph, and the explorers were roundly accused of having murdered a considerable number of innocent natives. Two of the members of tihe expedition have accordingly served the offendingpublication with notice of action for libel, and claim 42000 a piece as a solatium for their wounded honour.The account of the proceedings of the Age expedition forwarded to the Telegraph is generally believed to have been sent in order to hoax its reverend "consulting editor." SSandhurst has, in the way of practical charity, set a good example to the rest of the colony. While a lot of well-meaning people have been arguing'about the best means of bringing the "gutter cliildren" and the State schoolmaster face to face, "Quartzopolis" has :solved the question. The waifs and strays are collected, washed, and clothed. .Those.who then are certified as attending school receive a hot dinner after the completion of their: morning's stidies. "No sclool, no dinner." That is the simple rule. The plan works admir ably. Hunger is a powerful stimulant to exertion. The little ones soon get to know that` "school" means "dinner," and how ever loath they may be to have their heads filled with knowledge, gladly submit to the process as a preliminary to having their stomachs filled with food. Sensible Sand hurst people ! your hearts are evidently as golden as your quartz-and not half so hard. • . No changes have to be noted in the pro grammes of the various theatres, and none will take, place duringtheo "Cup week." The attractions of the Jubilee . Exhibition, where "amateur" theatrical performances are to take place, are likely, however, to adversely influence the number of the audiences at the other "logitimate"'.placee of public amusement. Hence tho tears of Messrs. Rignold, Garner,and Musgrove. Nov. 2. 