A Study from lue' 0ha1tee i. twftsacold,drir.tlyovoniugiu tjjo streets were a sea o aco0nI1a other was of tho i»rt' ,t „.s chambers ' soft." llowcver, Clmrltoe th0 ked snug enough I "'-ccunant of the uuns urawn ciosi. " , w 0rm- ing-room _f!y.cclored meer- ur, smoking a very aw-ira shnnm, he looked racomfortablo as possible. It wn, a perfect havon-or refuge1 lo-otto- £ misemblo streets; at least q ./dramebidbyMh0I,a?hCdth0 doOT WM for Iwlf-a-minatc," ' 5? vcjolndor. "Yoa'll find tobacco about somewhere." lho speaker kept his. eyes on a. page of manuscript whicli he. wm pumulu'rwitfi cagerucss. In a few minutes ho tSrow it wuh,i,v!,C.piup' handa hMItUy' " old game 1" inquired Welby. «>, 1 v? ".ot'ly mnstcred it, and it's about timo ; wo to a rehearsal to-momiw nt " ShaU Ihcor you p, tilrough It .Mi b one, scene I'm rather a&nidof; , I know tho words right enough, hut It s a very different thing to Bay them when your catting nbbnf /the .Afogo with'a jot of, furniture tatumhlo oven, anil /tWo or, threo peofale about ho. don't knoiv.Svhat' you arc going to do,' and'get 'to -ybir'VVSf wniiOU "S. 1 nra Plln8 'o "tart from tho 'onffrliuc. Glvomomy enm"1 ' . in- .l" loob the manuscript and read, loved each other from childhood.' Who says that!" Pbalit' fry riT"'''' oxeiaimcd Luarlton. He leans toward mo and'whii- P018' Jluf you are 'sure she loves youstill 7 a? t. r- . mo a letter from wnljjh' I learn that she hasbeen deceiving a twe, , renyirirea ;Weibyj iTranquiny reading tho nexcp6'v: . MfnWyoiaj Jv Charlton aivo, with energy, ..the next speech, in wflphiiq had to.be wail thfe 'crush- mg of .his hopo.thb death of hfe iMnitions, n?r .to occIflrc irrevocable intention of obtaining revenge on tho villain who had® supplanted him in the .affections ofibcrirV he loved. 'Welby listened Attentively, check; Ing him from tho manuscript. When he had finishod, Welby remarked,- 11 Yes, you know that all right, but are jqu ' going to say it like that?" . : . v' v 44 1 don't know," replied the' young aolbr disconsolately. 44 How pught I to say it J" \4 It strikes mo .tlfatt when .'ayfolloivi Kdartr that the girl he loves has thrownhiini over fornnother man, .he should show his emotion in bis countenance to sdme extent." : 4? Don't.I V demanded. Chariton, sharply. t"1ou show emottohl ehddgh, W it's the wrong sort. 1 thought you had a violent cramp, nnd wore trying to cot It, by contor tions. Now, my dear boy, you know people don't behave liko that in real life a man restrains himself oven in'the crisis ;of his existence." . "Nonsense I" returned Charlton; "how can yon rhow tho difference between un ordinary event and a crisis except by gesture and voice I" , ; 44 You ought to' bo true to'natarci,,-rtf&tS;' slated his critic.'./"/ .p; jf 44 That's all very well ; but'how can'l be? It's my own desire to act ns people do in real life ? how can I tell how a man would be- hnvo .who learnjbjho had "been jilted I For the matter of 'that, I don't believe you know either.' "I can't say I do from experience," as sented -Welby, 44 but if I had to study a part —which, thank goodness, I haven't— I'd mnnagc somehow to know how the thing was really done. Though it's ,truo tho pub lic wontknow if your right pr wrong." -® " "Yes,; they wilt." interrupted' Charlton eagerly ;"aU ..the. parts .U'vfcfltudifcqJioii. nature hare4 bocn-' roccai8&">'',Mjrybnty' failures have been in situations where I bna to rely on my. iraoginntiou. Oh, if I could only sco a fellow thrown ovor by .a: grfrl#"I would mako tho whole theatre rise at me." Welby puffqd a big. cloud out of his thick- stemmed briar, k v 44 In that case, my dear boy, your duty is clear. Mako lovo to some girl who is en gaged ; with your alluring manners you arc bound to succeed; then study tho poor fellow who was thrown over." " Don't be a fool,n retorted'.Oharlton/»V Welby: laughed. « Ton hty word I; don'$ see how. ; you're going iox manage it jmlea) you do that; I almost >vish "tlwt I wcro cn- gaged, so that you might have a chance of cutting me out. By-the-by, havo you heard that Brown has become engaged to Miss Harding?"- , "No..hns he?" exclaimed Charlton. "I thought that Figgis was the favored indi vidual." ' " So did moot people, but it seems they wcro wrong. X know Brown himself used to . fancy that Miss., Harding .would ncv.er., have him till he -had! 'shot his( rival. or got ilm mnrriod.to some, onq else."; yi? 44 He's coming hero to-night," said Charl ton, rising nnd pulling aside the curtains. 44 What' on atrocious ovening 1 I scarcely expect ho'll care about turning out in such wretched weather." Welby also rose and stretched himself, - v 44 Rum chap/ that' Brown/'t heVremarked, as he knocked out the ashes of his pipe. 44 Not a favorite of mine; yon mustn't mind my running down- a guest of yours— ho isn't one yet, though." - " Oh, I don't care two strews about -him,' replied Charlton ; 44 he seems to havo nn Idea that the whole fun' of existcuco depends "on- tho number of practical jokes he cnu play off on fellows— jokes of the good old type, like putting a jug of water on top of a door to fall on your head when you come into his room. He would have made his fortuue fifty years ago nsa writer of broad farces," " Mas ho ever played any tricks on yoa?" asked Welby, laughing. " Yes ; only two nights ago he asked me to his rooms., - I knocked 'nt tho door of his sitting-room, and, getting no reply, walked iru The place was empty, so, fnncving he must ho out for fire minutes, I walked in, took a cigar front . -his box, and" sat down-in . his big armchair; Haif a mtoflto ftftorwqnl my cigar disappeared; Bdddcnljv titlpottati he lmabccn hiding behind tuc chair, but you won't believe what a turn it garo me. I jumped up as If l haa, been shot, and ho 'laughed till I hoped he was going to havo a . fit. . That's his iaoa of a joke. I should liko to let him see ono from tho other side." Welby laughed- in a very unsympathetic way, and Charlton couldn't help joining. " He'll sober ilqwn now lio'a gqt_cngnged»" remnrked the former. n Let's hope so, or his wife will have a strange sort |of existence, r Look, here, hell be here in fivo minutes if he's coming at all; just let me run through .'that sccno Wciby'- complied after ynriotU protckta -tiODS, nopiub, «» » i ; would derive more enjoyment from tnc per- formanco than he was obtaining from tho rehearsal. But in the middle of the sceno he suddenly threw the; papepi doytr ex- claiming'. ' ' , ' 14 i havo it, my boy; you Bball havo tho sceno in real life .beforoyou.aro many mln- uses older." "Through Broum. You/tcll him'- that. Figgis lias cut him out.'.' / j - i '' " Rut he knows that he hasn t. "No, he dosen't. Listen; I luippen to know that Miss Harding is going to-morrow to visit somo friends at Liverpool:; hqw it is at Liverpool that Figgis lives." "Ycslknow." ... "Well, Brown hasn't been to see his fiancee to-day, became I mef him tlds mom- imr. and ho told m. ho was going to Wool wich tar the day. What yon _ most dp, fa this : Give him to understand that you hare heard that Miss Harding, artho Day's dance two nights ago, was socn in tho .arms of Figgis, ahd was heard, to promise that she Would go down to Liverpool a day culler than arranged, so as to be. able .to meet hl"Ycs, bat you know all this is drawing rather tod much on one's Imagination. " It's in a good cause ; you vrill he able to Btudv his conduct. Besides, it's only a joke,. and one of bis own played back on him Of J conno, wo wilt disabuse him !n a minute or to, when you're had timo to sco how ho acts, By Jovo ! hero ho oomes. "Mind yoa book me up," said Charlton, hurriedly, ' '.All right; "bo careful to observe him closely. ' You'll electrify London if yon can reprodaco tho scone afterward I" . There was no time to mako farther ar rangements, for Brown's knock was heard at tho door, and a moment afterward ho on- 'tered/ ' \ , j- 44 Hullo, yon follows," ho oried, "hero's a sweat night to ask a man out in; It's rain ing cats and1 dogs," "Vory sorry said Charlton, "bnt wo haven't tho superintendence of tbo wcathor, or we wdnld havd'managed it better for you. .Ttkb off yoor coat and sit down." 4 1 Thanks," .said Brown,, throwing himself Into a chair without taking off his coat. Bang I went somothing with a loud report Which, made the others start, >".Don,'t be alarmed," said Brown, laughing hugely ; "it isn't dynamite; it's only this." up polled out the remains of a paper bag thatiho had blown out and conceiuea under' his coat; 44 By Jovo P how you follows did start," and he- went off into another, fit of lsughtor. : ! Welby looked) at Charlton, and gavo nn exprcsslvq look which was meant to convey that thoy -woald bo - even with him before long, I J.'i . Howovcr, tboLwere oarefal'not to betray their intentions, and Charlton hastened to began tnlklng 'On different subjects, till tho Cemvb nation : . gtaduhlfy veered round' to BroWrilcdt 6&gBgement.r; ' ,u Yes," replied that gentleman, "I'm done for at last.. . The days of my liberty are over ; the Jarkj if . Imprisoned in its cago, content yvith, Us dump of sugar, instead of soaring over! the. -fields, ' seeking, its.' prey from tho hedges.": ...V . .".That's noL bod," remarked Welby, " though n« little » mixed. You must look upon:ryouroclf <as ;a vbort of . conquering horb.'r ' .. ; , .. 44 Well, yw,-to- somo 'extent," acquiesced Brown treuquilly. 'J I can't say I. thought tho would ' have' mo till the very moment camcrl'm not ono of your-handsome men with Greek profile and all that sort of thing. I suppose it is my intellectual powers that carry, weight.'?/,, ,\\.\ s- y . ' FigjplTv bits' n \ Greek profllo,' remarked Welby casually. \ " Figgis I"cxc1aimex Brown, contempta- oualy,44rcflulplie angry with ihqt fellow if 'I were not &bfo; tb iity him. Poor old Figgis, bo would have given something to be in my shoes."::-- -- Hero Carlton and Welby looked at each other, and somewbnt ostentatiously heaved a sigh. BrbWnj hcard it, And turned round shhrply. ' ' - t4 What are yon groaning liko that for?" ho Inquired, ' . !4 Ask Welby," said Charlton. "AskCharl ton,; Baid'Welby. " l osk both of you, " oxeiaimcd Brown. Howevcr/neithcr of'thom answered for a minute or two, but,poffcd away in silence. Ttien'Wclby remarked : 41 Miss 'Harding is going to visit! some people at Liverpool, is she not ?" 44 Yes ; what of it?" " That's where Figgis lives, isn't it T "Yes, confound him ! He met her there .first. Shp.goes down to-mrrow/ond I run down next day." . , M "Have, ..you _ seen. her Jto-dsy?" asked Oharleton. "No, I've been to Woolwich; besides, shcb spending tho day at Bay'swator," Anothor'sigh "from, both of the conspira tors. . This " was' ibore than Brown conld stand;/,'.'.' ' Look here, you pair of mysterious be ings," ho said, rising and putting on his bat, "Tf you don't .toll mo wnat nll'tbis sighing and mystic signalliog mean, 1 declare I'll go straight homb andlcnve yoa to hcavosigbsat 'each other." j "Now .for It," whispered Welby, while -'Charlton pu. on his most sympathetic look and began /.V r ! I1 Yon know, my dear Brown, yon are in sisting on our tolling yon, so don t blatno ns at torwaid." r . ) - i1 Fvw hv ay- r 4 was his reply. Thus encur«tged, Charlton repeated the story agreed on, Welby every now and then putting'in an explanatory word. ' > ' Watch htm closely," whispered the latter tpjthe actor. ' ' '( Tbo crisis camo. Charlton explained to £Brown how Miss Harding had deceived, him, - observing narrowly liis'morcmcnts. , There was llttlo to, observe. Almost before ho bad told his story. Brown leaped, for tho. door, leaving h.is coat behind him. .Before' tiie others .know what was happening, ho was downstairs and out of right. ' . The two friends looked at each other In dismay,'1 t ' ' ' , 41 Here's a moss , we're in," said Ohariton. " What shall we do?" J'The qucation is what' will he -do?" re turned Welby, " Wo havo no timo to lose ; we must follow him. Qoiok-l" Charlton, polled on his boots, seized, his bat and ooat1, hnd thoy J rah - down tho stairs to gether. Not a soul was in sight, tbo llttlo street was deserted, but in. the distaoco thoy heard; the Jqo'nbd of tho wheols of a cab rapidly becoming fniator and fainter.' 'This Is gcttibg.past a joke," said ( Welby ruefully. ' fit's your fault, at any rato," retorted Charlton if. you hadn't suggested it, 1 should nover havo thought of it." I1 It's no nso disputing' whose fault It is' ; the questionMs how can wo remedy it f What do you propose ?"'. ' f ' ' . "Lets find acab first; wo can talk over .what wo shall do when wo havo found ono," Vr "Come along, tbon," assented Welby. 'What a beast of anight itis; 1 shall catch my death with cold.", ' Servo you right," growled his companion, taming up the collar of his coat. "Wo shan't get a crawler, I'm afraid, till we roach tbo Strand. -' We'd better go to the stand." , , r , . ' ''What do yoamcan-to do then ?" ; " Ono of us hod better drive to Brown's 'rooms, and see it ho can'find him there ; tho tho - other must go to Miss Harding's houfio on tho'chonco of bis having gone there." "And suppose we' find him et neither?" asked Welby, ' 1 ;- Then we most go to Liverpool, 1 suppose, unless we havo the good luck to catch nim at she station." ' Welby garo a whistle. Ho had not ex pected to be lot in for a journey to the north by! the night express. Let's sco, Liverpool is on tho north-wes tern line, isn't it 7" ? Yea; :Euston is the station." All right, I'll meet yon there as soon as I can. You drivo to Miss Harding's——" "No," interrupted' Charlton," "you go there' ; you know her better tban 1 do." V I don't think 1 do." " You've always said so till now," pro tested Charlton. "ButLdoo't know her well enough to make an afternoon call at half-past ten." " You needn't go in. Just ask the servant if Mr,.' Brown :has. been there, that's alL Here's the' stand, ' and, thank Heaven I a cobble of cabs,"' " Fonr-whcelers I" remarked Welby ruo- fully. - : "We will make them. do. Now, in yoa get ; be at Eoston as soon as yon can in any case, and I'll do tbo same." Tho anticipations of tho ride wero for from pleasant. 'The' cabs looked wet and dirty, tho horses wero worn oat and miser able, while the drivers had evidently been trying to keep, the wet out by copious pota tions, bnt there was no holp for i£ so Welby got into ,ono and Ohariton into the other, oth regretting tho. cosy, room they bad so recently loft 1 CHAPTER II. It scorned an ago to Charlton boforo he drew up at Brown's chambers. There was no light to bo seen in his- window, which augnrcd HI., Inquiry of the housekeeper elieited tho information that 44 Mr. Brown, had come homo in a sort of hurry, and' scarcely stayed a minute, and then told her he was going to Liverpool, and that he wouldn't want breakfast in the morning." This confirmed Charlton's worst foars; his only hopo now was to reach the station in, timo to stop him. Ho learnod that not more than five or six minutes had elapsed since Brown's departure, so there was still a chance. 'As he drove on he comforted him self by thinking that trains didn't run verr often at that timo of night, and that in all probability there would not bo ono due to start just as Brown reached tho station ; in that caso ho would be obliged to wait thoro, and tho chances were In favor of bis (Charl ton's) arrival la time. -This hope was suffix clent to render him unoonsoioua of tho damp ness of tho cushions on which he was sitting, and totho fact that ho was by no means equipped for spending a night away from home. Boston at last I Ho jumped ont of his crazy vohlole, gavo tho cabman double his fare, because he could not wait to obtain change, and rushed to the platform. It was 'deserted : ho returned to tho waiting-rooms and bonklng-ofiloQ ; somo dozen poopte wero about, bat no Brown. Even Welby had not yot appeared ; Charlton was alone. 11 When did tho last train start for Liver- imaI ?'4 hf atlrivi ttin flnifc afflelnl hit mntl ' With provoking slowness tho man replied : 11 About an hour and thirty-five minutes ago, sir." v-.% i "You'roquiteBure?" 44 Yes, sir," The qoesUon touched his offiolal pride, and he turned away disgusted. What was tho next thing to be done ? It was clear Brown had not yot started ' for Liverpool. These was still the hopo that Welby bad found tho missing man at Miss HardingV, Until ono or the other turned up ho must wait at tbe station. . To satisfy his mind . he found out tho timo of the next train to Liverpool ; ono started in about three-quarters of an hour, 44 Oh; 'confound, it alll" ho muttered to himself, 44 how nm I to stand three-quarters of an hour in this wretched place ? Just long enough to bo a nuisance, just too short to let anyone go anywhere -first, Ono rood thing. I must see Brown or Wdby soon. However, this did' not seem so decided a necessity at the end of a quarter of an hour,' for neither of them .came, Charlton was getting moro and more anxious. Ho lookod nt.the clock, but It seemed to have stopped.' His own jvatch made no moro progress. He hadriovor so acutely felt- the truth of the Simile of tho leaden feet of .time. At lost, when it was nearly twelve, a cab rumbled up to tho entrance, but alas 1 it did not contain Brown.' as for a moment ho bnd hoped ; Instead there stumbled out the miacrabje'Wclby, wot; muddy, and.inabad. temper, ,7'.V. il Havo you found him ?" inquired Charlton . eagerly. . ' "No, von can see that,' can't, you ?" . 44 YouVo been to the housol" , . 44 Yes, 1 wish I hadn't ; , this' fool of a cab man took mc to the wrong street, and 1 had to get on the box and help drive ; ho was as drunk as a lord. This is a nico sort of evening to. spend. What are you going to donow-1" 44 We muskgo to Liverpool 'and find out if he's gono to the houso where Miss Harding is going to-morrow ; if he isn't there, we must go tb Figgis's place. 44 Wliea's'tho next train ?" 44 In six minutes— no, five." 44Woll, but where Brown?" ejaculated Welby,' 44 Ho can't havo gono without our seeing him, I supposo ?" Charlton gave an inarticulate gasp nnd seized a porter going by. Fortsr, uocsu't tho Midland Line go to Liverpool 1"' 44 Yes, sir, but this is tho best service.' . 44 We're done I" cried Charlton, with despair In his look ; 44 while wo havo been waiting here ho has started from St. Pancros, We aro a couple of born fools." ' " Where's a 'time-table?" . exclaimed Wolby, rushing to tho office. In a few seconds they found that their fato was almost worso than thoy thought. In two minutes £rom: that very moment the Livcr- |juui uiuii uuui ot, ruuwaa nvuiu uu uiuvuig out of tho station. . 1 ' . 44 This settles it," said Welby, in a tone of resigned .despair ; 11 wo havo had about as bad a ruli'of ill luck as we could well have Imagined." , " 44 There's nothing for it but to follow him,'!- said Charlton. 44 We'd better tako our tickets; we haven't a mlnuto to spare." Thoy bought their .return tickets and took their scats in a smoking carriage. It did not seem long now before they were off. There was ho ono else in the compartment : tho lamp ' burned dim ; tho rain poltcd against tho wlmlowB ; looking out into the darkness, all they could sea was tho reflec tion of tucir uninviting resting- place. . \- .They did not talk for tho first few miles. When they hod passed WIHcsdoh, howovcr, Charlton threw himself back in the corner nnd said : 44 As wo arc here, old man, wo may ns well be as comfortable, as wo can. Aren't you going to smoke ?" "Yes, Fsnpnosc so," . " Con you let roe have a weed ?" asked Charlton ; 44 wo came away in such a hurry I forgot to put any in my pocket." Welby dived into liis coat-tails, lint drew hack his hand with a emothorcd groan. "I've left my case and pouch nt your rooms." This was a facer ; to endure a long night journey without smoking was a terrible thing to anticipate. Wolby threw himself ba6k in his corner with n growl, . 4 Of all tho wild-goose chases t ever took part In, this is the wildest," bo said. 14 It's an awfnl nuisance, I own," assented Charlton, "but it can't bo helped. Just fancy, my dear fellow, what will happen if wo don't get hold of him. There will be a 'scene between him nnd Miss Harding ; ho may smnsh Figgis or get smashed himself ; there will be a general hullabnlloo among nil their frlcndB, nnd whatever happens we may be pretty sure that wo shall never be forgiven by any of the people concerned. Hang it, pant what would Miss Harding think of us 7 I should never have tho face to see her again," "Sho wouldn't mind that much," was Welby's surly rejoinder. "At any rate, 1 don't much sec the good of rattling down to limVcn knot ivhnrn at this timo of nlrzht. What do you supposo Brown will do when he gets to Liverpool ? Twill bo too late for him to call where Miss Hording Is supposed to be staying." 41 He may go on to see Figgis," suggested Charlton. ... 44 1 suppose you will be for following him there ?" ' 44 1 think' that will be the wisest thing." "Very well. I only hope it will bo finer weather in Liverpool thnn it Is here, or. else that it will he so fearful that even Brown's jealousy will be damped, and be will post pone his visit till morning." " I hope he will, but there's no telling what a fellow like Brown will do. He's capable of routiog Figgis out of bed and making him fight it out on tho spot." "By-the-by," said Welby, "where docs Figgis live ?" " I don't know," replied Charlton. 44 I've never liccn so far north as Liverpool in my life. Don't yon know ?" " I ?" exclaimed Welby ; I haven't got the ghost of an idea . They looked at each other in dismay. "Tilings looked bluer than ever," said Chariton. 14 Wo shall have to luquire." 44 Inquire 1" sneered Welby, "There must be a Liverpool directory," suggested Charlton, 44 Perhaps ; but he will have called long before wero discovered which Figgis ours is out of the four or flvo dozen given in tho directory. Who are the people with whom Miss Harding is going to stay ?" 41 Fletcher is tho namo I think," sold Charlton, 4 4 but I havo'nt an idea of tho ad dress. Don't tell mo you don't know I" "I won't tell you if you wish mo not to, but all tho same, 1 don't kuow." Charlton looked mora blankly at him than before. 44 Why, I thought you wero so intimate with tho Hardlngs that you knew all about their friends, ho said ." 44 1 don't know all tho addresses of all the nconlo thoy know in tho country," retorted Wolby, 44 When you said so decidedly that wo must call on Figgis, and on thopcoplo Miss Harding was going to stay with, I natu rally concluded you knew where they lived." Tho conversation was assuming a recrimi natory tone, Charlton did not reply to tho last speech, but pulled his hat over bis eyes and pretended to go to asleep. Welby aid tho samo, and thoy kept in tneir respective comers for moro than an hour without say ing a word. 44 1 wry, Charlton," said Wolby suddenly " Were you asleep ?" 44 Oh, no ; fire away l4' "What had wo better do ?" 14 Go straight back to town, and let tbo wrctchod tangle straighten itself as best wo it can." "That's my view. This was my first practical joke, and it shall be my lost. 44 We shall only bo quits with tho fellow after all," said Charlton ; 14 all this wretched journoy must count as somo sort of set-off to what ho has gono through." - "I say my boy." remarked Welby, with a twinkle of mischief In his oyo. 44 aid you get many ideas of tho. way to act that sceno?" 44 Oh, the scene——" but he burst out laughing, in spite of himsoU ; tho remem brance was too comical. 44 In the picco I havo a long scene, bn tho stage af tor tho announcement," ho continued, "and that fellow Brown norer staid an inBtant; 'twas one wild leap for tho door and that was alb ' That may be the way they do it in real life, but if so, tho author of the play is not aware of it." Oh, tho wholo business is a most awful fraud." Good humour was restored for a while by the recollection of tho. evening's incidents, but tho Influenco of tho hour and surround ings was too powerful ; boforo long they both sank Into their former mental condi tion. Neither of them could sleep ; till now they had not tried much, and now that thoy did try they could not raonago it. So thoy snt and shivered as tho train shot swiftly along through the pelting rain, tho half- hours dragging wearily along, " Woll, . we ; are a couplo of fools," was tho first remark made. It camo from' Welby. 41 1 dare say wo are," replied Charlton, "but what is tho latest proof of it?". 44 Wo never looked in tho tirao-tablo to so whether our train or tho Midland on reaches London first. If ours docs, all w have to do Is to meet the other and stop' him as he gets but." s\ "By Jovol there's a slender thread of. hopo yot. Wo. must ask tho guard noxt time wo stop. He may know which arrives first" "Yes; but how for iu it from ono station to the other J" , ' 44 1 haven't nn idea ; but a cab ought to do it in a very llttlo timo," The new hope thoroughly woke them up, and thoy awaited with eagerness the next opportunity of speaking to tho guard. Di rectly the train stopped Ohariton jumped out and rushed along tno platform. 44 Docs this train or the Midland reach Liverpool first?" ho demanded eagerly. " Midland, . sir, ; five minutes before wo do." , . % Ohariton gave a groan1 of despair. Tbe lights of Liverpool appeared nt lost; The two unwilling travellers shook them selves thoroughly awako and gazed into tho misty distanco. » v , " Ono good thing," said Charlton, , 11 we liavcn't any luggage to bother about." : ' "I wish to goodness I had," retorted Wolby " I'cton't at all relish a night out without my , "Wo had hotter plan our action," sug gested Charlton ; "what ehnll wo do directly wearrive?" i uvu fr - uiutu uuc. 4 iii nuvuui uiu Rtate of absoluto indifference to every thing," Oh, nonsenso 1 now wo'vo come, so far we must do what we can. Wo had hotter tako a cab -.to tho Midland Station; if we meet Brown's' train it's all right; if wodontwo will go to the Midland Hotel— I supposo thcro is one— and sco if ho's there." 44 And supposing ho isn't ?" naked Welby. 44 Then wo are at the end of our reourccs." "It may be Into though, sir," added tho guard, seeing his disappointment; "them Midland trains often arc." Charlton know by iuatlnct that this was a libel, merely uttered to calm him, and. by. way of a thrust at a rival company. . 44 What time arc we due ?" he asked. 44 Six ten, sir, and wo shall he there to the minute." This, nt all events, was comforting, and, with this crumb of consolation ; Charlton' tried ( to be' content. But cveu tbnt was denied him, for as he roamed along tho platform In' search of bis compartment, he iicaid nn 'angry voice call out: "Are you going to stop hero all night, guard? We're thirteen minutes late already." Wolby saw by his companion's face that' the news was not encouraging. There was nothing for it now but to wait, a most aggravating method of passing time. 1 They were tired of talking, both of them wcro very sleepy, and, as a consequence, consider ably out of temper. Charlton was wonder ing how on earth ho was to get back In timo for rehearsal — a subject of wonder thnt lasted him somo time, for It waa impossible to find a rotation of the 'difllculty. Welby sat in his corner in silence, except when he muttorcd something to himself that would have been as well left unspoken. 14 1 nm glad of that, becauso I mean to go to bed and get a good night's rest, whntover happens. 1 feel as if 1 could sleep for a weelc." The minutes seemed to creep on ; appar ently the train bod caught up -some of Us lost time, for it was now only five minutes past six, and they seemed to bo in the town. However, the very last part o! tho journey 1b generally the slowest, and, as they jumped on to the platform, thcy.4ioticcd that tho clock pointed to thirteen 'minutes past the hour. To seize the first cab nnd lean into it was the work of a second; then there was nothing for it but again to wait. "I hope to goodness this train is late," said Charlton, feverishly. 14 Can't hear what you say I" shouted Welby, 44 this cab makes such a row." 44 Nover mind," shouted back Charlton. "Inlesstinio than they anticipated they reached the Midland Station, 44 You pay him," cried Charlton, jumping. out before the cab stopped, nnd rushing down the platform. Welby gave the mnu a couple of couis, with out waiting to see whether they were sovcrigus or shilling, and then ran in pursuit of his companion. ' " Wo'ro in time," shouted the latter as lie approached, " There been a stoppage on the line." 44 That's all right," ejaculated Welby. 44 How long before the train will lie in ?" This necessitated further inquiries. Tbo 'result wnanotso gratifying ns they could liavo wished. The train could not possibly arrive for half an hour. V Half an hour 1" exclaimed Welby ; 44 there will be nothing of me left in half an hour. Look here, Charlton, I resign. I'm going to bed." "Nonsense! if your're so sleepy as that take a nnp in the waiting-room, and I'll call you when tho train, is coming. One of us isn't enough to check everybody ; |ho might slip by without being seen," "All 1 right don't forgot 'to woko mo." Wolby stumbled away, and in two minutes was test asleep with his head on the table. Tho noxt half-hour was tho slowest Charl ton hod ever spent. It passed at lost though, and a porter warned him that in a worse temper than ever at being disturbed, and they took up their positions to check the tho passengers as they. descended. Five minutes afterwards they might havo been seen walking toward tho . hotel with a look of absoluto disgust on their counten ances. No Brown was with them; their last hopo had failed ; thoy had done all thoy could, nnd must rest ns satisfied ns they wcro nblo. Thoy had come two hundred miles from homo to a town whoro they wore ab soluto Btrangcrs; tbey had- missed their night's rest and thoroughly knocked thorn- selves up, and all for nothing.- "it was enough to' make a man shoot himself," as Welby remarked before tumbling Into. bed. ' Charlton sat up for a few minutes to scribblo a couplo of telegrams to Brown- one addressed to his rooms, tho other to the enro of Miss Harding. Ho explained thAt the wholo affair was a joke, and nBkedhim to call in tho ovening. , Tho rehearsaL was begun before Cluirlton left Liverpool ; his nbsonco necessitated a further tolcgram to 'the stago manager. Tho two friends reached town again niter night had fallen, feeling as "sold" and miserable as thoy woll could. Thoy .drovo to Charlton's chambers, and tho first thing thoy noticed was a note on the table. It ran as follows : "TtaAn flifAnr.rov Vcrv sorrv to have left you so unceremoniously last night. I wont home, intending to go on to Liverpool, hut It struck mo tin the way to Euston that possibly you might havo been joking, so I drove to Miss Harding's to sco If she had gone to Liverpool or not, arriving at tho ouso two minutes after Welby called. I havo annexed a dozen of your ' Henry Clays ' to repay mo for tho cost of cab-faro. 1 won't charge you for loss of time. Thanks for your telegram ; I will look In to- night and have a clrnt. Affectionate regards to Welby. ; —Yours, Rrx Brown," "Sweet letter," said Wolby. "Do yon think he will come to-night ?" 44 1 don't . know, : but I know I shall be out," ; " Perhaps 'twould ' bo wise. By-the- by, 1. think you had better act . conventionally In future, and not , try. any' more experimental studies from tho life. Don't you agree with mo?" Charlton emphatically did. 