GERALDINE. 2 Mr. Birch examined them carefully, o and then put them into his pocket book, f out of which he took, at the same time, ten now crisp Bank of England notes, f each one for that amount. Jack's eyes began to glisten. But Mr. Birch kept his hand upon f them whilst he said Those are for you presently ; but, first I of all, I must know how you managed the business.' Jack, thus encouraged, treated him to a very lively and dramatic description of v his interview with Geraldine the evening 5 before, and the way lie managed to f possess himself of the papers. There was a door just behind her, she had not noticed, it being rather dark when she came in, and I watched my opportunity, and when she walked to the window to see what was going on outside, 1 I pounced down on the papers and was t missing before she could see me. She I must havethought there had been a ghost in the room.' 'You forget that she probably found the other door in the morning.' SNot she, sir ; she was quite stupid like when I left, and perhaps she won't have gone when I get back.' 'If so, I'll ask her for another kiss,' added Jack, warned by the old Cognac into actual enthusiasm, 'for she's an un common protty woman.' ' At your peril I' cried Mr. Birch, hoar. sely. 'But you told me I was to kiss her,' said Jack, with an air of surprise. ' Once. But you don't suppose it was to please you ?' ' Well, I didn't see how it could be to please you,' returned Jack, greatly per plexed. ' I told you before that you were to do the work set you without asking questions or making remarks,' said Mr. Birch, sternly. 'You must earn your money my way, if you earn it at all.' 'No offence, sir,' said Jack, humble and abject to the last degree; ' none was intended, that's all I can say. I'll go back this moment and beg her pardon, if you wish it.' ' Fool!' muttered the old man to him self, with a black shadow between his brows that meant both rage and pain. 'That is enough humiliation for us both. Then aloud he said 'You had better keep your tongue eo tween your teeth, or you'll suffer for it. You know I could hang you to-morrow if I chose to take the trouble.' The man shuddered in his craven soul, and began to protest, with frightened vo lubility, that no earthly power should in duce him to speak of anything that had happened, unless called upon to do so by the master himself. But when you are drunk ?' 'I always get drunk at home sir, upon my word ; knew those would be your wishes.' And what about the woman who used to be with you.' 'She's taken herself off somewhere, sir. She's had queer notions of late.' SWere they about the child ?' ' Yes, sir,' answered Jack, trembling ; " I. won't docoive you. They wore about the child.' In fact, she thinks you killed it ?' Jack cowered and shook, and put out his hand instinctively for the bottle. But Mr. Birch drew it quietly away. I told you not yet,' lihe said. ' What a miserable coward you are. Supposing the police were to question you, and you looked like that do you suppose they would have any doubt of your guilt?' ' Ah, but they couldn't prove anything,' he replied, rallying a little, ' and it's all her lies. She had taken too much that night-upon my honour she had, sir and the child slipped out of her arms on to the stones. It wasn't my place to look after it, only she likes to blame me now. She was ill, and that how she came to have such queer fancies, I expect. 'Wonmen are like that sometimes.' 'She was wonderful fond of me at one time,and it was she who brought me to this pass, so she oughtn't to turn against no.now.' 'How was that?' inquired Mr. Birch, cool and watchful as fate. 'Tell me all about it.' 'Well, yon see, she had got herself ,into trouble with some high-flown follow, who'thought as much about marrying .her as-as-as-.' 'Never mind about finding a compari son ; go on.' 'Well, she and I had been great friends before, and I won't say but what I had hoped to keep the old farm, and make her thy wife, but when I found she hadn't had a thought of me all the while, it gave me a turn in the wrong way, and I tookto drinking.' 'Very suddenly,' sneered Mr. Birch. Sa ' Well, I wasn't a sot before that,' said PT Jask,in a sullen tone, 'and no one can say that I was.' al 'Never mind,' cried Mr. Birch impati- at ently. ' What next ?' ti The matter got to her father's ears, it and she was frightened he'd kill her, she I told me, for he'd had trouble before, and S it had soured him. So she stole away t] from the place where she lived in the night, and my being turned out of house and home at the same time, we joined d company.' b 'Exactly. A very pleasant.arrange- v ment for both, I should say.' ' I don't know about that. She was al- d ways hankering after the other man, al- I though she know he'd no more thought C or care for her than for the dirt under 1l his feet.' 7 StBut I got a situation as bailiff, and we rubbed on for a while ; but what with I her pining ways and glum looks, she took I all the heart out of me and I got back to a my evil ways again. Of course I lost t my situation, and then we were beggars on the face of the earth-all through 1 her.' SYou like to lay the fault toher, I dare say, but that would have been the end of you anyhow, I expect. What's become of I your father ?' ' Ho's dead.' ' And her father ?' ' Can't say. He left his native place, I as I heard, being ashamed to show his face amongst the neighbors after this se cond disgrace. "But I never saw him in my life ; If I had, I should have given 'Indeed. What should you have told him ?' ' Well, I should have toldlhim he ought to be ashamed of himself to let his own daughter starve,' said Jack, with a trucnm lent air; ' what business had we to be wandering about the country like beggars, when he could have kept us if he had liked.' 'Perhaps he thought you'd drink the money away if he did help you. How ever, this is no business of mine ; you I may take your money and go.' Jack rose with alacrity, as if thankful to escape from theinquisition made doubly trying by the unwavering, paesionate eyes that fixed his. He seized the notes, crammed thebottle of Cognac into his pocket, and made for the door. 'Stop one moment,' said Mr. Birch following him ; 'is that woman your wife ?' ' Yes, hang her I' exclaimed Jack with fervour. 'Very well, then, take care that she has her share of your wages, that is all.' And he let him go without another word. Mr. Birch waited ten minutes by his watch, then he quietly removed all traces of his visit and Iis visitors, and issued forth into the street, having fastened both doors behind him. cUAPeTER XXI. 'Oh save her save lier I' shrieked Geraldine, when she saw the hapless beggar disappear into the dark abyss, and then silo clasped the duke's arm, with her nervous, imploring hands. 'It is too terrible that she should die like this.' ' Stay whore you are, and I will see what can be done,' he answered, disen gaging himself quickly from her grasp. In another minute he rushed down the steps to the river bank, and she saw him speaking hurriedly to the boatmen. Two had already pulled off when he got there, and the offer of a reward made others anxious to assist. Geraldine, who was too excited to re main inactive, followed and stood by his side, whilst he was giving directions, and pointing out the spot where the woman had gone down. But the night had fallen apace, and the bridge looked like a black tunnel-mouth. The current setting that way must have carried themunder, and thereseemedlfeint hopes of a rescue. But Geraldine would not despair. ' She must be saved; it is too terrible,' she kept repeating wildly, forgetting en tirely that she had thought an hour back that this death might be a pleasant relief from suffering for herself. (To be continued.) DI 