FLOSS. 1 Is there a doctor in the bouse ?' These words were uttered by a girl's voice and sounded, to my ears iu eager, piteous tones. I was just going to begin my - dinner, and had stuck the fork into the breast „f a roast duck, preparatory to trans ferring the best part of that very tempt- in bird to my plate. I bad been travelling all day, and was much more inclined, at the present moment, to eat, drink, and be comfortable, than for any active employment. My quarters were not bad, being in a well-known little inn, at J, , in Guernsey, to which iBlaud I bad run over on business. After having imi carted it. I was takine mine ease bv exploring the whole island in the shortest possible time, and tiring myself to death thereby. ' Is there a doctor in the house ?' re peated the girl's voice, aud this time the accents were impatient, almost despair- ing. I was dining alone in the coffee-room, the dnor of which stood open into the hall from whence the girl'e voice sonnded, the fork remained in the dnck's breast, and my hand suspended above it, while I listened for the reply. 'No, there isn't ; but there ie Dr. Ie Noir in the village, in the first street to your right.' 4 Dr. Ie Noir is out. He won't be back to day. Ob, he will die ! he will die ! What shall I do ?' cried the young, despairing voice. Up I jumped, and left my dinner. ' I am a doctor,' I said, appearing at the open door of the room, with my napkin in my band. She sprang for ward. ' Oh, I am glad !' she cried. ' Come with me this minute, or he will die. Do uot lose an instant.' She said this with the utmost imperiousness. ' Only to get my hat,' I replied, meekly, quite subdued by her tyranny. Or was it bee wonderful beanty that sub dued me ? for iudeed it was a vision of most extraordinary beauty that greeted my eyes as I entered the halL A young girl, not more than sixteen or seventeen years old, in a white frock, with a black lace mantilla over her shoulders and head ; beneath this man tilla, coil after coil of golden hair — real gold, for it was not brown or auburn at all — twisted round and round her. head. And tben again, under this magnificent amount of hair, such a face 1 Slightly oval and rather small, a complexion of milk and roses — if ever that similitude could be fairly used for a complexion — delicate, charming little features, a month that, having once Been, one conld not take one's eyes off, with its pretty dim ples, and cleft chio. Eyebrows — I am always very particular about eyebrows — a golden brown, manysbades darker than the hair. And then, as she turned her eyes fnll upon me, in her eagerness, I declare I was startled, and I am not sure that at the first moment I was agreeably startled. F or, though they were everything that eyes— taken by themselves as eyes — should be, in that face, and with those surroundings of colonr, they were almost incongruous ; at least, at first sight they made you jump. They were almond shaped, brilliant, soft, liquid ; everything that is most beautiful in eyes ; but they were dark — quite dark ; not even hazel, but deep brown ; and their lashes were nearly black. Bat they ought to have been blue — the eyes 1 mean ; there can be no doubt about that ; aud .not even violet blue ; china blue — baby blue is what they ought to have been ; and I actually did almost jomp when I saw them. However, be they what colonr they might, there was no resisting them in their eagerness, their hope, their despair ; and having received one look from them, I was in as great a hnrry as she could be. i seized my hat, aud cried, jCome along.' At which she instantly set off, and ran out of the house, and I ran after her. Thus we proceeded for some way, till she, if not I, lost breath, and then per force we slackened our pace. 4 What is the matter with him $ I asked. 'He has had a dreadful fall. He is hurt.' ' How long ago J Has any one at tended to him 1 Is he sensible ?' ' Eirly this morning. He came to me. He could hardly stand or speak. I got him to bed. Someone had tied up his shoulder, but it began to bleed, aud he Slid I must call a doctor. I had wanted to do it before. He wouldn't let me, bat now he is as eager for one as I am. —Oh ! oh !' All this was said in little broken sen tences, partly from want of breath, and partly from anxiety and flnrry of spirits ; and the 4 Oh, oh,' at the end was the most pitiful sound I ever heard. ' Well, well,' I replied, soothingly, .'a hurt iu the shoulder is nothing dreadful ; we'll soon set him up.' She gave me the sweetest smile, "and each a flashing glance of her astonishing eyes, that again they really made : me jump. As she turned her face towards me, that she might thus thank me, I noticed — I hardly know why I noticed it, but it somehow made an impression on me — a soft little brown mole on the left cheek, below the temple ; a thorough beauty spot Meantime, she led me rapidly on, Jill we were more than a mile from my inn. We had long left anything that could be called a bigh road, aud,. after crossing fields, were in a narrow-lane; mi, In a lonely wooded spot, with ;a View of the blue sea stretched ' beloW "it/we came on a farmhouse, snngly nestled under a hilL She led me straight In, thrpnghasort of empty hall — 1 don't think it was a. kitchen — up a staircase, and then,' with out a moment's pause; "reu before me into a large, low-ceilinged bedroom. " ' , ' I have one, dearest — -I have brought mm. oh I how are you? - How 'white you look !' Verily he did look white. 4 followed closely behind her, and, beheldan old- fashioned tent bedstead at the far end of the chamber, with check curtains, 'within which lay a ybndg man. ' He conld. not be more than one '.and/J'Jtirentj' Anfljhh was a handsome fellow — -or, Bt lea3t, he would be such, X, felt wib when lna1 httle less . cadaverous s .condition. -But j bis face was as whita osthepillo w <>n j Wuck his head was laid, eudthedark r and whiskers made It appehr Mll ! more ghastly; " Wldokid'SS1#! who had lost a great quWfifr df iifodd, and hie glared about him inthat peculiar, restless asking way j(with a pair .of very fine dark; eyes) which may be policed in cases where there has bran violent hae morrhage, whether of an internal .or ex ternal nature. 1 did not like ids looks, and was afraid there must beagood deal the matter. Oh, all right,' heeded, lam delighted you are. come. Now, my own darling, you must leave ns for a minute' to the girl. 'No, Charlie; whatever I do, I can't do that. I can't leave yon ; don't send me away.' ' Well, my sweetest, look out of the window at that end of the room, then. I can't have yon see ugly bruises. I will call you the minute vou can be of use. Look out now; you must do what I tell you,' 'Yes, dear,' she replied, quite meekly, and, turning her back on him, obeyed his order. He directed his quick restless eyes to wards me then, with a world of meaning in them, which I could not in the least understand, and said, in a raised voice, - still looking at me with all signific ance. 'I had a fall — a nasty fall — from a bit of cliffj yon know, and fell somehow on a sharp stone, as you'll see. Its bleed ing like the very deuce !' He dropped his voice as he uttered the last words, and, still keepiDg his eyes fixed on me, drew down the bed clothes with his right hand. Removing some cloths saturated in blood from the left shoulder, displayed a neat little round hole, as evidently made by a bullet as possioie. ' It only began to bleed half an hour ago,' he said, as our eyes met, and hiB commanded silence. ' I see !' I answered very slowly. ' Is — it — in it ?' ' The stone 1' he cried hastily ; ' no, it is not. I got it oat a little while back.' And, in a' sly, surreptitious way, be lifted a ballet and showed it me under the clothes. I was very mnch surprised at the quantity of blood that had been lost, as bullet wounds are never accompanied by mnch bleeding ; butT'soon perceived that there was a cut by the side. What's this?' I cried. 'This is where the blood comes from.' ' I tried to cat it oat myself,' he answered, with a rather shame-faced look and a little burst of laughter ; and then he fainted away. I was not sorry he fainted, as it en abled me, without hurting him, to ascertain the extent of the mischief I dressed the wounds, and did all that was uuueqwu yf i>u« uiceuiug wibuvub mnch difficulty. I then recovered him with brandy from my own pocket flask, and all without his obedient sister, or — what ? — could this young creature be bis wife? — stirring from her post at the window, or knowing anything about either the fainting fit or the wound. He opened his eyes and looked strangely about him. ' Good gracious !' he said ; ' What is the matter ? What business have you in the room i Floss — my darling — where's Floss 1' She was at the bedside in an instant. ' Here my dearest, here ; can I do any thing for yon ?' ' Oh I remember !' he said, slowly ; ' no, my pet, yon can't do anything ; I'm all right.' And his eyes interrogated mine, aa if asking whether he was all right 'Yes,' I answered then ; 'yon'il do' very well, only yon mast keep yonrself quite quiet, you know. .Yon mustn't stir hand or foot, and you must have somebody to nurse yon.' 'I shall nurse him,' cried the young girl proudly.' ' Excuse me ; you are too yonng — and inexperienced. Have yon anyone with yon ? — your parents perhaps ?' I spoke doubtfully, and .said the ' words as a test They both laughed and she blushed all over her pretty "face, while even my patient'swMtecheekshad a sudden colour in them. ' Not exactly,' be replied drily ; we are — alone.' Then they exchanged looks, and their souls were in their eyes. 'I had better try and get a nnrse from the village,' I said. Indeed, no ! cried tne girt JNo one shall nnrse him bat me, — shall they, Charlie ? Ob, say that they shall not.— I'll go back to school if yon don't ?' He laughed again. There was a gay, careless look abont him, notwithstand ing his suffering state, that made laughter seem natural ' Hash 1' he interrupted with a look of amusement, bnt with a trifle of anxiety ; in it; also, asshefinished -her speech. ' Bnt indeed I think' — to me— 'we had best do without a nnrse; It wonld be awk ward ; it wouldn't do — wouldit Flossy ?' A whole volume of tenderness was in his voice wfaen'fae addressed her. 'It wonld not do,' she answered, With, a half laugh, and another glance that met and mingled with his in its loving signi ficance. x Besides which, no creature snail horse yon bnt myself ' I wonder at anyone proposing snch a thing,' she added, with some indignation, and then a side flash ont of her eyes at me, which made me feel like a culprit ' Well/ £ said, 'it mriy last some time, this musing, and T think a sister or a friend, or a professional nnrse, wonld- be a help. There is nothing to be done to night bnt to keep quiet, and! will .send yon a composing draught. T neyer travel without a small medicine chest, iu. case of accident, so I can make op something that will do.' " \ ; i My de<zrCharlie, What ran yon 'want with acomposingdraughtj ' asked "the guLia innocent amazement vs ;:. He ;earu ;ri»iqethiiig tom&be.me; ; ateep.deai/ was the jreplyy given ffi 'an- explanatory manner, wuch seemed T, to reflecton me, not her, for her WantCof; 4 i understanding.; 'As If you wonldn't; isleep without jpjv -"f ew-s J ; sometimes don't sleep, .do they doctor ! f . 'X 'No, ! replied; shortly;- they ifftm't/ asld' CBiariift:;.' 'X-ihink; rU'gake rjhy tim way. Jlllie " "j . .... J... -. 4 „ -a - ' No, darling ; I won't have you out so late at night by -yourself ' And then he can't sleep,' she said, and tnrned her magnificent eyes on me quite reproachf ally, as if it was my fault I immediately said I would bring back the sleeping draught myself ; and, as I spoke, for the first time since I left it I remembered the roast duck, and the fork stuck iu its breast She took the offer rather coolly, as if it was the moBt natural thing in the world that everyone who came across Charlie should be eager or ready to serve him. Bat he said very civilly : ' Really that is extremely kind of yon : it is a great deal of trouble to takefor a stranger. But I say, doctor, how soon shall I beon vnir lAMftOAin 9' ' In a month or six weeks, I daresay.' The yonng couple exchanged looks of consternation. Bat that isn't possible.' he cried. ' Oh, Charlie, Charlie 1 why the holi days , 'she was exclaiming, -when a look from him stopped her. ' Well,' I said, I daresay you have a strong constitution, and yon don't look as if you'd had take n much out of your self ; if you are very careful, and there are no drawbacks, yon may make wonder ful progress in a fortnight.' ' That's nearer the mark,' he said. ' Bat only tbiuk of having to spend it in bed,' she cried. 'It isa sell,' added Charlie, and then they both laughed. After that I took my leave, promising to return before long with the medicine. Bat when 1 was cat of reach of those astonishing eyes, I Idiscovered that I was extremely hungry, before I did anything else. I blessed my landlord with a load voice when I found that he had actually kept the said dinner hot for me, and I enjoyed my duck none the less for the little ad venture which had taken me ont of its presence. While I did so, I made up my mind to ask no questions of anyone abont Charlie and Floss. They might be an orthodox ordinary bride and bride groom ; bat even then, they would rather blush unseen for a little while ; and if, as I strongly suspected, they were a-runaway couple,- it would be the height of crnelty to pat anyone on their track, as even the moBt innocent questions might do. That they were gentlefolk there could be no doubt, and I bad an idea. Bat how in the world had he received that woand ? and why did he make all this myBtery about it ? Why was the poor little bride to suppose it was a fall he suffered from, not a wound ? Was she another man's wife, and had her husband followed, and fought with Charlie ? The idea was too oirlinnlnnc fri Kn nnfnrfcino f/ir a mnmcnf Her extreme youth, and the purity and innocence ofherappeareuce and expression, equally forbade it. I shuddered when I thought how easily the wound, which I really hoped would prove of little con sequence, might have been a dangerous one — and then the idiot trying to get ont the bullet and wonuding himself as be had done ! Why, it might have cost him his life. After dinner I mixed a sleeping- draught, and took it myself to the farm. The young lady ran down to the door to me ; she looked quite gay now, and love lier than ever in her recovered spirits. ' He is qnite himself,' she cried, ' bnt he does not want to see you to-night. Oh, I wasn't to have said that ! I was to have made some excuse, but you won't be affronted, will yon ?' in such a coaxing way that I would have defied St. Senanus himself to have slighted her. ' I'll make him see you to-morrow, if it is necessary.' ' I am not in the least affronted. Pa tients do sometimes take a dislike to their doctors,' £ repUed, smiling down at the charming nptnroed free. ' Oh, it isn't that ; he has not taken the least dislike to yon. Why should he ? I am sure you are very nice,' she cried, eagerly, aud theo added with the utmost simplicity : ' It is only that he is afraid you might ask questions.' ' Well,' I said, Iaughing'outright, partly the innocent compliment, and partly at the naive honesty vrith which she gave his reason ; ' he need not be afraid. I will come and see him to-morrow, and I will not ask him a single question — ex cept, of coarse, each as concern his health.' 'Thank yon,' she answered, very earncstlv. ' Pll tell him so. and then he won't mind.' But she stopped abruptly, even as she spoke, 'and added : No, I can't, for I ought not to have let ont that: that was the reason. I was to. manage to -prevent your coming up with- out your knowing why. How stnpid I ami' She looked at -me, our eyes met, and she instantly eaw the drollery of her con- fesrions ; we both laughed. \- However,' she ' said, " 'it can't be helped now. It is very awkward baving anything to conceal, isn't it 2 - I suppoae if one was older one wonld manage better. But there is no harm done; yon say yon'il not ask questions, and yon'il not i tell, will yon ?' very coaxingly. 'Not tell?' ' I mean yon'il not tell anybody abont ns P: And she sidled nearer to me, and looked in my free with childlike entreaty. Howbeautif al she was, and what wonder ful eyes she had ! 'No,' I cried, 'upon my honour as a -gentleman,! won't ' How Ido like yon,' she said, with the sweetest nafvetS. '..What a number of nice people there are in the world. I can't what Bush Fielding means by saying there Are riot. : It seems tome the more one meets -the more -one likes. Don't yon agree with me? - - 1 At this moment I certainly do.' ' Ob.' ehe said, catching my meaning more from my manner, I think; than my words, 'yon like me ?' and she blushed a litti ss n child might do if yon praised It::/ . He wui . wonder wqy a. -am staying so . long, ho Vl miut; gohack | Jtq „him. "QoOfi-nighti ririd ;thknh yon ywg much. ! ,-ft -J '"Vimd'howe'parteX- freiari'iriti andJetartedhpmethrbnghtheekneBs of Jhejmminer night, vl was veiy-mnch : Mm, perhaps, mOre jfor her sake than ;for his arid'I 'coBdiot -"believe thOrei£was Jany .-£55-£<rt..|r The next morning I -went to the farm house about twelve o'clock. It was a charming day, and the walk was a pleasure in itself. Having reached my destination, I tapped at the door, and entered. She sprang from the bed, on which she had been sitting by Mb side, and ran forward to meet me. 'He is much better,' were her eager words. 'He elept as soundly as ever he could do last night, and says his shoulder harts him very little ' ' She would Bit up/ said Mb voice from the bed. ' She was drinking green tea all night to keep her awake, foolish child ! She will be tired to death, and make her self ill, by way of pleasing me Do, doctor, I beg of you, tell her not to do it aeain : tell her it is not necessarv.' ' It will do her no harm once in a way/ I said, smiling in answer to her pleading eyes. ' I have known young ladies some times — and so, I daresay, have yon — dance a whole night through, without being one bit the worse for it next day.' ; She clapped her hands together at this, and even gave a little jump for joy. ' Oh, yon dear doctor !' she cried. ' To be sure he has ! There, Charlie, you'll be a good boy now, won't yon ?' But, as she clapped her hands, I saw the third finger of the left, and round it was a slender band of gold on which the weal or woe of her life depended. It was protected by a golden snake with diamond eyes, and an emerald crest. I did not like the idea of a snake twined abont that wedding ring ; still, my heart felt qnite at rest now, and I was really glad. With nnmixed feelings of friendliness, I examined my patient, heard his account ot mmselt, and drew my own conclusions of his state, which were qnite satisfactory. 'Yon have a capital constitution,' I told him, ' and will be abont again sooner than I expected.' ' Yes, bat how soon ?' asked Ms wife — that such a child as that should have taken the cares of wifehood upon herself! ' bat how soon ? He is getting so tired of it, poor fellow.' ' The poor fellow mnst have a little patience/ I replied. ' Every liberty he takes with himself now will only confine him longer. A grain of patieace at pre sent will prevent the necessity of an ounce by-and-by.' 'Oh I shall do very well,' he said cheerfully. ' I am very well nursed.' And again the eyes met, aud told their own history, so that he who ran might read. ' Have you hooks or papers ?' I asked. 'You may be read to, you know, but I am afraid there is no library witMn reach.' We master a hook or two between ns, aon t we, x loss ! ' Oh yes, dear, I'm snre we do : I know I've -got "Taylor's Holy Living and Dying," that Aunt Jane gave me : it's so beautifully bound I didn't like to leave it behind ; aud you've all Shelley, you kuow — you got him for a shilling at the railway stall, and you bougbt a Queen, too, that I haven't looked at even.' :A capital library/ he cried, laugMng; ' we shall do very well — for you see doctor/ with a little shame-faced laugh, ' we have so much to say to each other we haven't much time for reading.' ' Of coarse, we've a great deal to say to each other, both of as,' she cried ; when we've lived years and years in the world. Why, he's twenty-one, and I am very nearly seventeen, and we've only known each other ' ' Hash, hash 1' he interrupted her, holding up a warning first finger. 'Oh, yes, dear, M hush ; I'm always forgetting But I know I should not jnat as mnch as yon do, and mean not ; it is only that I forget.' She seemed so anxious to be forgiven that he was obliged to say, ' Never mind, dweeteet,' though he looked slightly worried — as mnch, I am sure, by her : excuses, as by the original offence — and glanced askance at me to see what I thought of it. As for me, I preserved an Impenetrable : countenance, and, to all appearances; was as little interested ub ifT was visiting Mr. and Mrs. Smith Robinson, Ih Baker Street; or Bedford Square, and every thing was as commonplace and correct as it could be. I think she took my imperturbability quite as a matter ot course, and had no idea there was any reason why I might look otherwise, bnt Mister Charlie was better informed. I conld see that he felt grateful to me, and had even no ob jection that I should perceive that he was so, for when I came to take leave of Mm he gave me a speaking look of thanks, while he thrust a doable fee into my hand. ' But, perhaps, I am still iu your debt,' he said ; ' for that was quite a sort of a surgical operation yesterday. ' But I refused to take any fee 1 and when he pressed it on me, I explained to him that I could not do so in an accidental case of this nature, outside my usual practice. . ' The fact is,' I said, ' 1 was an army "surgeon in India, and thongh I do practise as a physician in London, it is really only because I want something to da I heard yonr— wife' — I hesitated a moment on the word and both my companions laughed a little, and Mashed a good deal, when I uttered it : it was not yet a familiar , word to either as applied to one of them — ' I heard yonr wife in distress for a doctor, and unable to find one, and I came to help in an emergency if I conld. By-and-bye, I shall have to torn yon over to Dr. le -Noir, and then will come the time for fees. . ' Dr. Ie Noir be hanged,' replied -my patient, coolly. But I really am -ex ceedingly obliged to you— 1 am indeed. I think you have been extremely kind.' ' And didn't I tell yori so, Charlie, cried Floss, with airy triumph. ' Did riot I tell yon so, when yon said : ' Hush, hnBh, my love/ he 'interrupted hastily, and I wondered whether he would forever be having to hnshMs beautiful wife, and If so, bow long wonld .be jeori- siaer ic aa a pieasant jest. - . The next morning I was expecting' letters, and as there was no post-office at the iitele viUage where my lnn was, I vralkedto fetch'them myself ito the posti office abbnt amile on— farther indeed- arid atleast twb miles. -from the frrm- hbmeSjy at ihera; tomy Burprise,! found my fair new friend before me. had -time-Ao - apeak; rivldently thinking hlffi'ribuld not be Bbon enough in firing !,.myiriira1'i!(Biah%Afife„.iinndi ||>ette|C|te init'lllce « ; 1 And how are yon yourself, if you will allow me to ask you ?' ' Oh I am perfectly well, thank yon.' Indeed she looked so. The very pic ture of puce yet refined health, end always smiling. I thought hers was the face of sweetest happiness I had ever beheld. ' And I hope you slept last night ? for, though I took your side yesterday I do not consider sleepless nights at all good for yon.' ' I don't want what's good for me, thank you. What is good for one is always nasty, from medicine upwards. Bat I really got a good deal of sleep in an arm chair — I did indeed ;.and it's rather , amusing sleeping in an arm-chair, you ; are puzzled when yon wake to know where von are. and what vou mean by it.' Surely, £ thought, they mnst have been properly married, with a breakfast and a trousseau, and all the rest of it ! Conld she be so entirely free from care or regret if there badbeenanunsanctioned elopement? And yet, if not, why all this mystery ; I was greatly puzzled about them, and my puzzle got only more intricate the more l saw of them. Who were they, and what had they done ? I felt bound in honour, by a tacit understanding for which his eyes had thanked me, to ask no qnestionB but I had never been so mnch interested by strangers, or more anxious to pierce a mystery, or less able to do so, than I was now. The post arrived while we yet waited, and my letters were handed to me. One was given to her also. I wondered what address was on it She looked at it eagerly. c I>. 1r tha nnA fifi P.Tnenfori' rHa Rait). smiling with pleasure ; how glad he'll be. It's money, and it was getting so incon venient not having any — you can't think ! But we hadn't an idea, either of ns, how mnch we shonld want, and so didn't bring near enough ; and in Paris he would buy me lots of things,' ' In Paris/ 1 said, involuntarily ; perhaps here was a clue. Yet they were both of them Eoglish — possibly she might be French, thongh : there was a pretty little accentuation, not common, in her way of speaking that might be foreign. 1 Madamoiselle is French, perhaps V I asked, with a courtly bow. 'No. Madamoiselle is ' She stopped, put her pretty hands before her mouth as to keep the words in. 'Monsieur was not to ask questions,' she added, rongbly, and dropped me a curtsey. I opened my letters, and found a summons to return to London at once. My first thought was for her. I must leave these two children behind me, to whom I have been intending 'to enact rnmdence tor a time. I told her I must go and I wonld send Monsieur ie Noir to her husband. Even in the shock and perplexity that the idea of my departure evidently gave her, she paused to blnsh and laugh a little; at the sound of the unaccustomed words 'your husband,' and repeated them softly to herself as if they were a pleasant play. Then she cried : ' But he said he wouldn't see Monsieur le Noir. Ob, don't go away, please.' She put up her lip like a child, and looked ready to cry. I was excessively sorry, and told her so. But I conld not help myself Qo I must. I walked back to the form with her from the post- office. Charlie was refractory. He struck me as accustomed to have his own way ; but, when I told Mm he must obey for his wife's sake, he yielded. His free expressed nothing but tenderness when I spoke to her. The boy looked honest, why should she not be happy ? Why shonld not he always love her and treat her well ? It occurred to me I might send a tele gram toLondon,andfollo w it myself in the boat that started the next night; and when I proposed this, both the yonng people appeared pleased. She asked me if I had. ever been in Guernsey before, rind when I said no, she cried : ' No more have we. Isn't it odd we came at the same time ? Every thing is so Incky, isn't it ?' ' Yes, my getting a bul— I mean my -felling -off-tha .cliff— was 'confoundedly lncky, wasn't it?' agreea bor husband. She looked a little puzzled at that, but soon conquered the difficulty, and made the circumstances fit to her theory. ' Of coarse, dear, that happened, and so it conld not be . helped ; but then it was snch lack that he was here,' — with the prettiest possible little etgn at me — ' to take care of yon. Bat things do fit in so ! Oh, Charlie do you remember our first meeting ?' 'It is not so very long ago, Floss, that I need forget .It.' 'Yes, bnt the wonderfal way. in wMch it was brought abont ?' He looked at me, and we exchanged a . smile, as we might have done at the in nocent prattle of a child. ' That's telling, Floss P he said, laugh ing. ' Ob, It's tiresome that everything is telling/ she cried, pouting. ' How nice it will be .when we may tell !' It does not do thinking, my pet — we must take our happiness, and not thiuk, orit will be clouded.' 'That is. rather a— reckless view of life, is it not?' asked L He langhed. ' May be so/ he said, ' bnt what are the odds? My philosophy is to do what I like without thinking, for fear I shonld not do it; if I thought' Floss laughed at thai; and evidently considered it extremely clever. ' I don't think yon'il find that philo sophy answer in the long ran, though/ 1 remarked. -' Oh, why do yon say that P she cried, rather pitifully ? ' are not - yon happy ? We are, and we mean to be so always — don't we, Charlie P ' Always and always,' replied he. ' Are yon married, doctor P I ' was obliged to confess that I was not .... .. , . .. .. " . ' Ah, that accounts for it/ he cried, with his gay, boyish laugh ; ? that is why yuu ara gram; ana gruujpy. : ' Only, I don't think he is . glrim and grampy-r- do yon, Charlie P she said 1 i S;":":;;,:. ; j i.: 'Only a grumpy bachelor, hlp8s. When he marries he will begin to enjoy him-' himself.' .. I ' " wf. Oh, Charlie, but yorierijoyed yourself VwifihB spoke :||Mly ! that no man in Ms senses ;.Aonld>,haye : adriiittedSiehad ever been o&erwise.; " . notwithstanding Ms wounded shoulder. I am not at all sure that she did not think that the foil had been sent in order that they might have the pleasure of nursing and being nursed. I thought about them a great deal that evening, and on the following day I took Monsieur Ie Noir to the farmhouse. 1 was delighted to find my patient better than I had expected, and, when I took my leave, I had no anxiety about him, and announced to him that in a few days he might get up, and in a week would be abont almost as usual. I was pleased at the affectionate manner in which they bade me good-bye. ' I hope onr paths will cross, and that we may meet again,' I said. Bnt he looeea a nttie queer at tnat. ' Ah, how ie it going to be ¥ be cried ; ' it does not do to look forward. Yon know my philosophy : Be happy while yon may.' And so we parted, and I really,do not think that the beautiful girl herself had excited more interest in me than her young husband had. There was some- tiring taking and attractive abont Mm, the wherefore of wMch I hardly under stood myself. ; n. Fnnr varta finvn oIIiIai? hv ainM fba events that I have just narrated. At first, I often thought of Charlie and Flosa, bnt as nothing happened In all that time to recall them to my mind, I may, by the end of them, be said to have forgotten them. I was travelling in America when I heard that one of my best and oldest Manila fiS AT arm a <3 nt-a U aaftinnfn tieil by the death of an' elder brother, in herited a family property, and left iridia to establish Mmself in England. I was very much attached to Heathcote, thongh he had the reputation of being a hard man, and he had a way of making people very mnch afraid of Mm. He was obsti nate certainly, but then, as he was generally in the right, that was not of of mnch consequence. He had been settled in Dorsetshire for nearly a year; before, aoon after my return to London from New York, I received the following letter from my old friend. 'Deab Dashwood, — It will give as great pleasure to see yon at Lowlands as soon as you can manage to come. I re joiced to hear of your return, as I now hope yon will be present at my daughter's marriage next month. And T did regret the prospect of yonr not being there. She has been long engaged to Edmond Fairfax, Lord Fairfax's eldest son, and we are all very bnsy preparing for the happy event Send me a line to say wnen we may expect yon, ana pray ar range to stay over the wedding Yonrs, affectionately, 'Mabmaduke Heathcote.' A soldier, eveiy inch of Mm, and a widower. I had never thought of Heathcote as a family man, thongh I knew he had children in England when I was with Mm at Madras. He never spoke of them, and I conld not even make up my mind whether he had more than this one daughter. It seemed strange to me to think of paying Mm a visit on the occasion of a child's mar riage ; yet he had - strong affections, and I conld foncy bis taking great pleasure in family life, though perhaps in so stern and silent a manner that he might not give mnch in return. Be that as it might; he had certainly the power of exciting strong affections in friends of his own sex, and I felt very happy when I took my seat in the train for N , the nearest station to Low lands — on as fine a summer's day as a man need wish to see. I had only one companion, a young, man, opposite to me, of gentlemanly and even fasMonable appearance, Ms free dean-shaved, except for a tiny moustache, his hair cut as short as it could be, unless his head had been shaved like his chin. All as correct as possible. He appeared a little tired and languid, which was qnite correct also, and leant back In Ms corner with closed eyes. Afterwards, we were both reading onr respective newspapers, and I conld uot keep mlence,..Jbr" I came on a terrible divorce case In Mgfnife. I had known both husband and wife — had been at their wedding, and acted the part of best man to the bridegroom. I found he Ittiav tli a i-nnnl p nffArwnrrln and wp din. cussed the miserable affair. We took different views of it, and argued rather hotly. Z declared that the marriage conld uot prove a happy oue; and that poor Nichols had no one to thank bnt himself for he had known Lady Jane did not care for him, and had only married to please her friends. ' What can a man expect when a girl marries Mm to please her friends, and not herself?' I concluded ; and, strange as it was, I declare I thought my companion blushed. 'I'don't go along with you there,' he said. ' I'm uot sure . that I am an advo cate for much love on the lady's side before marriage.' And a carious expres sion flitted across Ms free as he spoke. I expressed my surprise, and remarked' that there will be little enough after It, then, in nine cases ont of ten. ' I don't admire "rill for love and the world well lost," the "where is he," busi ness. It's well enongh on the stage ; bnt in real life — well, I suspect, real life is rather— nicer— without it' ' A man,' I said, 'who marries a woman, without her heart Is an ass. I did all I could to prevent Nichols marriage, and see how it has ended.' . 'A man who can't win a woman's heart after marriage, I grant yon is an ass,' was Mis reply. 'I'll bee yon two to one it was there Nichols failed;' ' Bnt if she has no heart 'to be won ? What if it is already given, away?' . 'Oh/ he cried, '.until'' quite an air of relief, and a little easy laugh— he had been curiously in ewnest before—' Oh. I ciy yon mercy— that , is - altogether oudiwu-TJI | give la w? y y u t/tcre— AL were is another lover the man fr an ass. The case 2) was contemplating was quite different— it was simply of a yonng on- demohstiativB lady, npt 'eager to rash out of. her old/home .into ..a new one — not as .mnch in love as her lover.' And then he hammed lightly, Wien a Jodj elopes, : ;:Ar Onajaddersofwipes,- , .She may go to— HcmgKoingy- for tne.'. 'That is an extreme case/ L replied ;; Uttb/TOmracebefore fobs OQlJt J . .3&1 r'-r/b "K- rti'iTjtU'v-'r: tU"'; ; We continued arguing, of course neither of us convincing the other, till, as the train slackened its pace at N , we found that we were both going to get ont there, and a few more words ex changed showed that both were going to Lowlands. I expressed my satisfaction at the coincidence. But again an odd expression passed momentarily across Ms face — again van ishing as quickly as it came, leaving that face to its natural or acquired expression . so completely as to be second nature, im- passiveneBs. I thought he Bhrank from the idea of finishing the discussion under onr own names, and wished it had never been begun. I introduced myself as Dr. Dashwood; bnt when he said, with a little smile, that he was Edmond Fairfax, of whom he snpposed I had heard, I was com pletely taken by surprise. As we drove out together, I felt rather queer when I thought of the side he bad taken in the argument, on a rather delicate subject, for a man so soon to be married to disenss. And were not his views a little cnrionB for a man in his position to hold ? What did it mean ? Was Miss Heathcote not in love with him, and was he intending to win her affections after the wedding- day, instead of before ? or, was she a fast yonng lady, and showed her affections a little too plainly ?' Those flashes of expression that came across Ms fashionably impassive coun tenance must mean sometMng in a man on the brink of matrimony. The future Lady Fairfax was, beyond a doubt, either a shade too empresses, or a shade not empressfie enough, in her manners. He talked verv nleaaanttv as we drove along, evidently receiving me as Sir Marmadoke's special friend, to be treated with friendly respect by Sir Marmadnke's future son-in-law. He was undoubtedly a very agreeable young fellow. He im pressed me most favourably, and I found myself hoping that Miss Heathcote was neither hopelessly slow nor fearfully fast. But here we are at the bouse, and I can think of nothing bnt my old friend, who I Bee standing there, on the steps, looking remarkably well, and wonderfully little changed since I saw Mm last. A little greyer, perhaps, but that only made his keen dark eyes glance keener and. darker than ever, from under their shaggy brows. We were thoroughly happy to see each other again, and I thought he wonld have shaken my hand off The foreign frsMon of embracing mnst sometimes be a com fort to men. He welcomed me warmly, and still grasped my hand in Ms, whiie he extended his other to Mr. Fair fax. He took me straight to his own little stndy where we plnDged at once into old days' talk. 'I have only half-an-honr to give you,' he said, looking at his watch, evidently as punctual and methodical as ever, though no loDger commander of a division ! ' then I have two men coming ou business, and shan't see you again till dinner time.' And when I was obliged to leave him, we had not fonnd a moment for discuss ing the present ; not a word of the wedding, or his daughters, or Mrs. Fair- fox : we had only talked of the past. He directed me to the garden, where I shonld find Ms daughter ; bat, thongh I sought the place, ehe was not there. But Mr. Fairfax was, rather to my surprise, alone and smoking — a lover who had arrived only half-an-honr ! ' Sir Marmaduke thought I should find Ms daughter here,' I said. ' She is not visible yet ; I've not seen her myself,' he replied, coolly. ' A bnsy time just now, yon know— dressmakers and milliners.' I thought I should have preferred a little romance myBelfj and that he wonld find it rather fatiguing to have so mnch to do after marriage. We sauntered abont, and talked, and fonnd ourselves on a side terrace, looking into the house. That's the library,' he said : ' Til show it you. We stepped through one of the win dows into a cool, deliclons shade. Sleep, rather than Stndy, I thought, should be the presiding deity here, on a hot sum mer's day. And, even as I thought it, Mr. Fairfax, though I was not making any noise, raised Ms hand, and said : 'Hush.' ' Was it an involuntary tribute to the soft repose of the atmosphere ? Then I saw that Ms eyes, full of teDder admir ation, were steadily fixed on oue object — a girl asleep on a chair. Bnt what a girl it was ! What won derful, perfect beanty ! Was she dead oralive, with that expression in her face ? I thought she most be dead — newly dead ; and yet the expression of the newly dead I knew was veiy rarely sad. A carious curtain behind her gave no glow to her wMte face. I cannot describe her ; I only took in a general idea of perfect beauly and profonnd Badness, for it "was the very saddest face my eyes had ever beheld. . Her hair, cropped short, rind curling on her forehead, after the fashion of the day, which gives each a youthful air to a face, only increased the tatter sadnessof here. Her delicate features seemed formed to express -nothing out wnac snonia nave cauea despair, only despair implies some amount of passion, and hers was an utter hopeless ness — too hopeless to be alive. I did not breathe freely till we were again on 'the terrafe. Who is she ?' I cried. \- 'Miss Heathcote,' he replied, coolly. I was so mnch startled that, withont remembering whom -I addressed, I said, 'Poor girl ! what is. the matter with her?' ' 'Nothing, that I -am aware of/ he answered drily, arid looked oddly at me. Recollecting myself I said, meekly, 'I thought she waB ill.' ' Well, yes; she had a fever abont a year ago,randeveiybody knows the effects of fever remain/ He looked uncomfortable, and I was Sony for him. zee, vuoy ao, a aud, . aosenuy, out the idea flashed across me that she had been out bf her mind, and a deep de- presflontatall; remained on her. This wonld accbrint both for her manner and -her appearance.-, ; . » What sort of a fever .was it, Mr. Fair- ' Mked.';: "'I. am :,a doctor yon know, so take an interest in such thinga 'It waa:ta nervous fever,' he replied, T-lrihbiy;-4:-.1-' "';:- iso— ri nervous fever. Was shhbngMTv dangerously ill a long timAandjmonths recovering/and I don't V-; He spoke with sudden openness, almOBt as if it was a relief to frim. ' She looked melancholy/ I hazarded, hesitating for a word. ' When she is awake, she has quite a different expres sion ?' He looked askance at me, almost spoke, but checked himself I liked the young fellow, and did cot wish to vex Mm, bo hastened to add : ' I ask as a doctor again — that sort of thing is all health.' ' Her spirits are depressed,' he said, ' since the fever ; but X am certain our marriage will cure her. She wants change.' He looked anxionsly at me, though he spoke with decision, and I cheerfully re plied, ' Nothing in the world more likely.' Wo lof. flio siihiafth ilrnn nnrl fin ilid T I felt carious for dinner-time to come, as I longed to see again tMs melancholy bride. It was an odd way to greet the return of an absent lover, by being fest asleep. She had looked like a beautiful picture, or statue, slumbering there, and it now struck me thatsomewhereor other I had seen a picture or statue like her, though it bad uot occurred to me where I saw her. , I learned from Mr. Fairfax that she waB an only child, and that there was no one else staying in the house, except a sister of the late Lady Heathcote, an old Scotch lady. ' Lady Heathcote died when they bad been married just a year, after the only child was bom.' ' I have an idea/ 1 said, ' that children who cost their mothers their lives always have a sadness about them.' 'That won't do/ he answered, shaking serve for an illustration of the idea. She was not in the least a melancholy child or girl, I assure you.' It was time to dress for dinner, so here we parted. I rather harried my toilet, as 1 felt a good deal of cariosity about the melancholy beauty, and thought that by being in the drawing-room some time be fore dinner, I might secure a tete-a-tete It did not strike me, from what I had seen or heard, that any stolen interview would be secured or desired by the lovers. I thought the engaged lady wonld finish her nap, dress for dinner, aDd then come down to the drawing-room, where all the world wonld be, and there shake hands with the engaged gentleman, who would take her proceedings as a matter of course and neither expect or wish for anything more. I was downstairs a few minutes after seven, and we were not to dine till half- past, bnt my little manoeuvre was not crowned by success. I had the room to myBeif for twenty minutes, and then neat-ucube came id, apoiogisingiornaving left me so long alone. ' Bnt, business you know, Dashwood, business must be attended to, whether it is civil or military' I have not yet had the pleasure of seeing MisB Heathcote.' No, she won't appear till tea-time. She has one of her headaches, I am sorry to say.' ' Have you noticed that she always has one of her headaches when Mr. Fair fax is expected ?' said a voice witha strong Scotch accent behind me. I qnite started, as mnch as what seemed to me the ill-natnre lying in the words, as at the unexpectedness of hearing them at all. 'Allow me to introduce Dr. Dashwood to yon, Belinda,' said Sir George. ' Dash wood — Miss Mackenzie !' I bowed and she enrtsied. A tall, thin unmarried female, a little Scotch, perhaps, in the Mgh cheek-bones and rather sandy colouring, bnt with traces of whBt most once have been uncommon beanty, still about her. The gong sonnded, and Mr. Fairfax appeared. He never comes before it/ Miss Mackenzie remarked; 'not a minute. How d'ye do, Edmond ?' He barely touched her hand, looking round the room, with the nearest approach to eagerness I had seen about him, as he did so. 'My daughter has a headache, I am soriy. to Bay/ Sir George said, in his formal way. Yon expected it, I dareBay — it's the usual thing,' Miss Mackenzie remarked, as she took her host's arm for the dining- room. The dinner was not lively, thongh con- vecsauon never actually naggea. neatn- cote and I had plenty to say to each other, but should have said it more easily withont the listeners less interested than ourselves. Miss Mackenzie's remarks appeared to me always to have a little venom in them, and Mr. Fairfax was rather languid and distrait. This I thought only natnraL I pitied the yotmg man, aad was beginning to regard Mm with very friendly feelings. At last dinner was over, and we ad journed to the drawing-room, bnt still the heroine of the etory did not appear. Nor did she till the servant had brought in the tea apparatus, when, as she left he apartment, ehe glided into it. She was dressed in black, wMch made her paleness more apparent, and had no colonr abont her, only a white stophano- tiR in the frnnt nf her drmaa Rnmn transparent material covered, without hiding, her neck and arms. She was tall, and I conld see, as she glided noiselessly forward, that her figure was as fruitless as her free. . She kept her eyes cast down, bnt appeared to feel who was in the room, thongh ehe did not .see them ; for she advanced towarda her father and myself, who stood chatting in the bay window, where the tea things had been placed, and, as she did so, extended her band to Mr. Fairfax en passant. He juBt took it and, I tMnk, pressed, for he did not shake it, and then let it drop. He looked earnestly at her. 1 Better/ he almost whispered, and she almost whispered 'Yes/ in reply. And all the time she never raised her eyes for one moment, and her face never varied from the ex pression of profound melancholy it -had worn in her steen. All the time her likeness, and yet unlikeness, to some person or picture -that X had seen was borne In upon my mind while a disagree able sort of spell-boond sensation, as if I were beholding a ghost, "took possession of my mind, so ghostlike; was her appearance, her gliding movements, her eilent approach, dnringwMch -she never for one moment raised her ayes.' \- . She was close to. ns, and Sir. George introdaced ns in Ms formal way. : . Mr. Dashwood, let nie present yon to dh flabghlar/ , j;/ I bowed ; ehe curtsied, and held ont her hand -to her frther's old friend. I took It, and it was as cold as ice ; then she raised her eyes and looked at me. Good heavens ! how her eyes astonished me — light, melancholy b!ae I had ex: pected j but these were of the deepest brown, and as brilliant as stars ! Where — where — heavens and earth ! — where had I seen them — bad I seen her, — before? I almost leaped backwards, as a revel ation flashed across me, and I half whispered tbe word ' Floss !' (To he Cotitinued ) 