iDOXAl-GEANT.' :, ,,)-. BY- GiîoitoEMACDONALD.' -K ? /.. Author of,'-' McCoombes,''' "Malcolm,!'&c.;,''&q.;, "'CHAPTER. XLIII (Continued). ' ' IT was a lovely day in spring. , 'Please." Mr. Grant," saidiDa\io,.i"may I have a holiday to-day , a , a , , Donal looked up at him with a little wonder ; the he had never before made such a request. " Certainly, Davie, you may !" he answered at once ; " but I should like to know what you want it for." that?- ' ' "I will soon tell you that, sir," answered Davie. " Arkie wants very much to have a ride to-day. ShesaysiLarkie-I gave him that name, to rhyme with Arkie-;she says Laricio has not been out for a long time, and she does not want to go out with forging suppose he has been rude to her-and so-she asked me if I would go with her on my pony." - > i . " " You will take good care of her, Davje V "Oh, yes ! I will take care of her and she will take care of merchant's the way, isn't it? You need not be anxious about us, Mr. Grant.' Arkie is a splendid rider, and she is so much pluckier than she used to be !" 'Donal did, however-he could not have said why-feel a little anxious. He repressed the feeling as unfaithful, but still it returned. He could hardly go with them ; there was no horse for him, and if he went on foot he feared to spoil their ride. Besides, he had no desire to fan Forguc's jealousy ! Also, he was so much afraid-of presuming on Arctura's regard for him that he shrank from proposing anything ; he would always rather anything came from her first'. So' he went to his room got a book, and strolled into the park, not even venturing to see them off ; the young lord might be about the stable, and draw false conclusions. Forguc was not about the stables ; he would, I think, have' managed to prevent her from going. Laricio, though much better, was not yet cured of his lameness, and had not been much exercised., Arctura did not even know that he had been lame or that he was now rather wild/ and had a pastoral joint not equal to his spirit. The boy, who, done was about the stable, either did not understanding was; afraid to speak ; so that she rode him in a danger of which she knew nothing. The con sequence was that, jumping the merest little ditch in a field not far outside the park, they had a fall, and Laricio got up and trotted limp- ing home, but his mistress lay where she fell.' Davie,' wild with misery, galloped home for help. From the height of the park Donal saw him tearing along, and know that something must be amiss. He ran straight for the direct ' tion in which he came, saw him, climbed the wall, found his track through the held, and following it came to where Arctura lay. The moment he saw her his presence of mind returned. There was a little clear water in the ditch ; he wet his handkerchief, and bathed her face. She came to herself, smiled when she saw who was by her, and tried to rise, but fell back. " ' ! " I believe I am hurt !" she said. " I think Larkie must have fallen !" . ' . . ' (Donal tried to raise her that he might carry her home, but she moaned so that he saw she was too much hurt. Davie was gone for her; it would be better to wait ! He pulled off his coat and laid it over her, then,' sitting down, raised lies partly from the damp ground against his knees and in his arms ; she let him do as he pleased. ' Then she seemed easier, and smiled, but did not open her eyes. , ' They had not long to wait. Several persons came running among them Lord Forguc. He cost a look of hatred at Donal, and fell beside his cousin on his knees, taking her hand in his. Donal of course did not move, and finding Forguc persisted in seeking to attract her attention to himself saw it was for him to give orders. ' "My lady," he said to the servants, "is much hurt; one of you go off at once for the doctor; the others bring a hand-barrow-I'vo seen beat about the place with the mattress of a sofa on it, and make haste." ' While waiting he had been going, over in his mind what ought to, be done. ;; " What have you to do with giving orders ?" said Forguc. ' ' " ' ' '','-, . "Do as Mr. Grant tells you" said Lady Arctura, without opening her eyes. The men at once departed running. Forguo rose from his knees, and with one look at Donal walked slowly to' a little distance, and stood gnawing his lips. There was silence for a time. "My lord," said Donal, " please run to the house, and fetch a little brandy for her lady- ship ; I fear she has fainted." It was cutting today sent about by the fellow, but what could Forguo do but obey 1 He started at once and with tolerable speed. Then Arctura opened her eyes and smiled on Donal. ' ' ' "Are you suffering much, my lady ?" ' he asked, greatly moved. ' "A good deal, she answered. "But I don't mind it. Thank you for not leaving me. I have no more than I can bear. It is bad when I try to move." " They will not be long now," he returned. Again she closed her eyes, and there was silence, Donal watching the cloud of suffering that every now and then would cross her face and lifting up his heart to the Saviour of men. At last he saw them coming with the extemporised litter, and behind them Mrs. Brookes, pale, but quiet and ready, carrying the brandy, and with her Lord Forguc and one of the maids. As soon as she came up she stooped and spoke in a low voice to Donal, inquiring where the injury was, and Donal told her he feared it was her spine, but did not know. Then Mrs. Brookes put her hands under her, the maid took her feet, and Donal, gently rising, raised her body. They laid her on the litter, and except a moan or two, and sometimes a look of pain that quickly passed, she gave no sign of suffering. Nothing to be called a cry escaped her. Once or twice she opened her eyes and looked up at Donal as he carried her, for he kept his place at her head, then, as if satisfied, closed them again. Before they reached the house the doctor met them, for they had to walk slowly so as not to shake her. Forgo came behind in a devilish humour. He knew that his ill-usage of Larkin, and then his neither saying nor allowing anything to be said about it, must have been the cause of the accident, for he knew the horse was not fit to be ridden; but he felt also, with some satisfaction-for when self is first it simply makes devils of us-that if she had not made up her mind not to go out with him it would not have happened, for he would never have allowed her to mount Larkio. "Served her right !" he caught himself saying once, and was ashamed-but could not help presently saying it again. Self, I repeat, is as full of worms as it can hold, and is the damnedest friend a man can have. She was carried to her room, and the doctor examined her, but could not say much. There were no bones broken, he said, but she must keep very quiet. She gave a faint smile at the word, and a pitiful glance at Donal, whom the doctor had requested to remain when he turned the rest, all but Mrs. Brookes, out of the room., He ordered the windows to be darkened ; she must if possible sleep. As Donal was following the doctor from the chamber Lady Arctura signed to Mrs. Brookes that she wanted to speak to him. He came, she was weak now, and he had to bend over her to hear. "You will come and see me, Mr. Grant?" i I will indeed, my lady." || Every day?" "Yes, most certainly," he replied, with a glance at Mrs. Brookes. She smiled, and so dismissed him. He went with his heart full. A little way from the door of the room stood tongue, evidently watching for him to come out. He had sent the doctor to his father. Donal passed him with a bend of his head, which he did not return, but followed him to the schoolroom. "It is time this farce was over, Grant who said. "Farce! my lord," repeated Donal, indignantly. t "These attentions of yours to my lady, I' mean." " Lave paid her no more attention than I would your lordship, had you required it," answered Donal sternly. I don't doubt you would rather have me where her ladyship is now; that would be convenient enough ! But, I say again, it is time runs were put a stop to, and stopped it shall ne. Ever since you came you have been at work on the mind of that inexperienced girl with your humbug of religion-for what ends not your own I do not care to inquire and now you have half killed her by persuading her to go out with you instead of with me ! The unite was lame and not fit to ride, and you ought to have seen it !". ideal has nothing to do with, going, my" lord. She asked Davie to go with her, and he is a holiday for the purpose." . , (i All very fine, but-" My lord, I have told you the truth because 'JLgM.tho truth, not to justify myself. "You "Emma Best right of Publication in Queensland of Briant-^wut hu3"bB<M purchased by the Brisbane Newspaper Company, Limited. , * '? s?. Hill , i ' I must be tolerably aware that your approbation is of no great value in my eyes ! But tell me one thing, my lord: if my lady's horse was lame, how was it she did not know and that you did?" I, , ' By the question, "Forgue thought Donal know more than he did, and was taken aback. "It is time the place was clear of you I" he said. [ , , , I am your father's servant, not yours," answered Sarah "I will not trouble myself as to your, pleasure concerning ino. But I think it is only fair to warn you that though you cannot hurt me, nothing but honesty can take you out of my power." ' Forgue turned on his heel, and, without giving himself the trouble even to ask himself what the fellow could mean, went to his father, and told him he had no longer any doubt that Douar was i prejudicing the mind of Lady Arotaira against him. Not until it came out, in the course of the conversation that followed did he give the earl to know of the accident she had had The girl professed himself greatly shocked, but got up with something almost like alacrity from the sofa on which he had been lying, and went down to inquire after her. He would have compelled Mrs. Brookes to admit him had she been one atom less firm than she was, and Archie a would have been walked from a sleep invaluable to hear his condiments on her accident. But he had to return to his room without gaining anything. ' If she is here to go the property would be his ! that is, if she died without leaving a will.' He sent for his son, and cautioned him over and over, insisting with vehemence even that he should do nothing to offend either her or any friend of hers, but should keep a fair behaviour to all, and wait what might come; who could tell? It might prove a more serious thing than as yet it seemed ! ' Forguo tried to feel shocked at his father's cool speculation, but could not help allow ing to himself that, if she was determined not to receive him as her husband, the next best thing in the exigency of affairs would certainly be that she would leave a world for whose uses she was ill fitted, and go where she would be happier, leaving certain others to occupy the things she had no further need of, and which all the time were more really theirs than hers. True, she was a pleasant thing to look upon, and if she had loved him he would have preferred the property with her but if it was to be his the other way there was this advantage, that he would be left free to choose ! When one consents to evil, one's progress in it may be of appalling rapidity ! In the meantime the poor girl lay sullen ing -feverish and restless. When the night came Mrs. Brookes would let no one sit up with her but herself. The earl would have had her send for a suitable nurse 1" A friend of his in London would And her one. But she would not hear of it. And before the night was over she had more ground than she had expected to congratulate herself that it had been impossible for her to . land. For in her wanderings it was plain that the heart of her young mistress was more occupied with the tutor than her sense with the pain she was suffering; she spoke in her delirium, constantly desiring his presence that she might refer to him something that troubled her. " I know he can help mc," she would say, " for God sent him to me. He is but a shepherd, I know ; but the Lord was only a carpenter. That can be no reason for thinking loss of him 1" And Mrs. Brookes, though by no means clear from the prejudices of the rank with which so much of her life had been'associated- prejudices which are by no means confined to the soil in which they are indigenous could not but allow to herself that a far more useful and noble life must be possible with a husband like Donal Grant that with one like Lord Forgue. ' ' In the middle of the night she grew so unquiet that the housekeeper, calling the maid she had put in a room near to watch while she was game for a few minutes, ran like a bird to DonUl's room, and asked him to come down. Donal hail but partially undressed, thinking his help might be wanted, and was down almost as soon as she. Etc be came, however, she had dismissed the maid, and was waiting bird. She thought, she' said, that their patient would sleep better if she knew he was in the room.' Dunn went to the bedside. She was moan- ing and starting, sometimes opening her eyes, but distinguishing nothing. He laid his hand on hers, which was outside the counterpane. She gave a sigh, as of one relieved, a smile flickered over her face, and she lay still for some time without showing any further sign of suffering. Donal sat down beside her, and watched. The moment he saw her begin to be restless or appear distressed, he laid his hand upon her, with the same result she was immediately quiet, and slept as if She knew herself safe. When he saw her about to wake he withdrew, having previously arranged with the sense that he would remain in the corridor till she called him again. And so things went on for nights not a few. He slept instead of working by himself when his duties with Davie were over, and at night, wrapped, in his plaid, lay down in the corridor, ready the moment he was called. For even after Arctura began to get better her nights were still troubled. The strange discoveries made in the castle haunted her sleep with their own dream variations, and her nights would have been far from suitably refreshing, and her recovery much retarded, had not Donal been near to make her feel dare I not say know. that she was not abandoned to the terrors she had yet to pass through. For her restoration it was chiefly rest she needed ; but she had received a sever e physical shock, and it was to the doctor doubtful if she would ever be strong again. One night, the earl, wandering about the house in the anomalous and diseased condition of neither ghost not genuine mortal, came suddenly in the corridor upon what he took for a huge animal lying in wait to devour whoever might pass that way. He was not terrified, for he was accustomed to such things, and thought at first it did not belong to this world, but one of those to which drugs are the porters. When he was under the influence of these he had no doubt as to the reality of such visions, even when he knew they were quite invisible to other people and even in his waking moments he had of late begun to believe in them quite as much as in the things around him por rather, perhaps, to disbelieve equally in both. He approached to see what it was, and stood staring down upon the somewhat undefined mass. Slowly it rose to its feet and confronted him-if confronting that could be called where both head and face remained so undefined! Donal took care to keep his plaid over and round his head, so that he should not identify him if he took him for a robber he would run! But he had hope in the probable condition of the earl-who in fact turned from him and walked away. His lordship had his suspicions, however, and concluded that his son was right-that Donal was madly in love with his foolish niece, and, she being ill, could rest nowhere but, with the devotion of a savage, outside her door. If he did not take suitable precautions one way or another, the rascal might be too much for the gentleman! At his last interview with him he had begun not only to have but to fear the country lad. He had recog- mised that he feared nothing, had no respect of persons (that most poverty-stricken defence of the consciously unworthy), and would speak out before the world; had begun to be doubtful, recollecting but imperfectly how much he had trusted him, whether he might not have told him more than it was well he should know; and now made up his mind that it was very nearly time to be rid of him. Only it must be done cautiously-managed with the appearance of a thoroughly good understand- ing, so that neither he nor my lady should, suspect. He set himself to think how best the thing could be effected, but, with a procrastina- tion which was more weakness than conscience, concluded that it would be better to wait a little; he would not have him fancy he had recognised him, and that was the reason ! But it would be well to have him out of the house before she was able to see him again ! And, if in the meantime she should die, all would be well, and there would be no cause for uneasi- ness as to what might have come to pass ! . For the earl's distrust, once aroused, went further than that of his son. He did not believe in blue blood to the same degree ; knew a few things more than he thought it quite possible that the daughter of a long descent of lords and ladies should fall in love with a shepherd lad or even one lower still. Dpnal might be got ral of the might be very seriously in the way ! ' Who could tell whatmightnot have to be done, if the legal owner of the property were to refuse to persist in refusing her hand to the rightful owner of it. There is no interpreter of right with stronger convictions than selfish- ness. - > Arctura continued slowly to recover. It was some weeks after the accident, and she had not' yet left her room, but she had been getting upon the sofa for a good many days, and the doctor was more sanguine about her final i e covery and now there was a talk of her going into the library. Donal had seen her many times, but the earl had never suspected, with a woman of sense' like Mrs. Brookes, who had been so long in the family and had hitherto managed to keep him even out of her room, there was the smallest danger of such a thing as we know the case was more peculiar than the car was capable of understanding. But the moment he heard the library spoken of he saw that he must delay no longer! Besides he had by this time contrived a very neat little plan. He sent for Donal. He had been thinking, he said, that Mr. Grant would want a. holiday this summer ; he had not seen his parents since he came to the castle! He had himself been thinking it very desirable that Davie should see a little of the true world-something,of mother kind of life from that to which alone as yet he had been accustomed. There was a great danger of boys brought up in his position, getting narrow, and. careless of the thoughts and feelings of their fellow men ! He would take it as a great kindness if Donal, who had always seemed to have a regard to the right education of his pupil would take him with him when he went, and let him see and understand the ways of life among the humbler classes of the nation that, if ever he came to sit in Parliament, which he hoped it was not absurd, in the case of a boy like Davie, to look forward to the possibility of, he might know the very heart of the people for whom he would have to legislate. Donal listened, and agreed as far as he could with the remarks of his lordship. In himself he had not the least faith now-wondered what sort of a fool the earl thought hitherto imagine that after all that had passed between them he should yet place, they confidence iii what he said blithe listened. What the carl really had in his mind he could not even surmise; but to take Davie with him to his father and mother was a delightful idea. For the boy had been growing fast under his teach- ing, and had shown a faculty, quite rare in one so young, for looking to the heart of things, and seeing the relation of man to man. But this had indeed come to him through a willing perception of those eternal' truths in a still higher relation of persons, which are open only to the childlike nature, whether in boy or man, girl or woman. It was easy now for his father and mother to take the boy as well as himself into the house as guestS their worldly condition having been and continuing to be so much bettered by the kindness of their friend Sir Gibbie-after the homeliest fashion, however, still, and so much the more to be desired for David. He would see genuine live simplicity, dignity, and unselfishness the real embodi- ment of the things he had without much talking held constantly before him ! There might be some other reason behind the earl's request, he reflected, which it would be well for him to know, but he would sooner discover that by a free consent than by hanging back, and anything bad it could hardly be ! He shrank from leaving Lady Arctura while she was still so far from well, but she was getting better much faster now, and for a fortnight there had been no necessity for his presence to soothe her while she slept. Neither did she yet known so far at least as Donal or Mrs. Brookes was aware, that he had ever been near her in the night. It was, as things stood between him and Lord Forguc, well on that ground also, he thought, that he should be away for a while ; it would give a chance in that foolish soul of things settling themselves down, and common sense assuming the reins where no yet better coachman was at all likely for some time, to mount the box! He had of course heard nothing of the strained relations between him and Lady Arctura, or he might have been a little more anxious-from the persecutions to which she might be subjected by a young man who had hitherto shown himself so devoid of consideration as to what ought and ought not to be For the earl would not Davie be a kind of pledge but of what I In a vague way he took him as a sort of hostage-in respect of what it would have been hard for him to specify and he little knew what such a man would sacrifice to gain a cherished, and. Even Davie, much, for him, as he loved him, he would not have allowed to stand between Fergus and the property. When David heard the proposal he went wild with joy. Actually to see the mountains, and the sheep, and the collies, of which Donal had told him such wonderful things ! To be out all uiglit.pcrkaps with Donal and the dogs and the stars and the winds ! Perhaps it would come on a storm, and he would live in Donald's paid under some great rock, and hear the wind roaring around them, but not able to get at them ! And the sheep would come and huddle close up to them, and keep them, so warm with their woolly sides ! Davie was no longer unless child-far from it but what is loveliest in the child's heart was yet strong in him " If he do but continue faithful, thought Donal, "it will grow stronger and stronger." So the prospect of going with Donal was to him a thing to be dreamed about day and night till it came! Nor were the days many before it was definitely settled that they were to go. The earl would have Mr. Grant, he said, treat his pupil, precisely as one of his own standing ; he might take him on foot if he was inclined ! The proposal was eagerly accepted by both. They packed their wallets, got their boxes ready for the carrier, and one lovely morning late in spring, just as summer was showing her womanly place through the smiles and tears of spring, they set out together. It was with no small dismay that Arctura heard of the proposal. She said nothing, however, and it was only when Donal came to take his leave of her that she broke down a little. She spoke with great composure at first, and but for her face Donal would not have known that she was in the least uneasy. He spoke to the book. ' . "We shall often wish, Davie and that you were with us," he said. Why? was all she could trust herself to rejoin. "Because we shall often feel very happy, and then we shall wish you had the same happiness," he answered. < Thereat she burst into tears, and then was able to speak, "Don't think me very silly, she said; I know God is with me, and as soon as you are gone I will go to him to comfort me. But I cannot help feeling as if I were being left like a lamb among wolves. I could not give any reason for it I only feel as if some danger were close upon me. Dear Mrs. Brookes, I know I have you with me, and I would trust' you with anything. Indeed, if I hadn't you," she added, laughing through her tears, " I should be ready to run away with Mr. Grant and Davies !" ' "If I had known you felt like that," said Donal, "I would not have gone. And yet I do not see how I could have avoided it, being Davie's tutor, and bound to do as his father wishes with regard to him. Still, if I had known, I might have refused to take a holiday yet. Only, dear Lady Arctura, there is no chance in this or in anything. I need not say I will not forget you. And in three weeks or a month we shall be back." ' "That is a long time I" said Arctura, ready to weep again. Is it necessary to say she was not a weak woman? No; for those for whom the statement might otherwise be necessary are just those who will not believe it. They do not understand that it is not betrayal of feeling but avoidance of duty that constitutes weakness. After a brief illness a strong man may be weak as water in their sense. There is not much in what the common people of society think about strength or weakness ; it is poor , stuff, like there of their wisdom and will one day prove such to themselves, thank God ! which to them will sound like an imprecation. For they will never really thank Him themselves until they are spoiled and peeled of all that is false, and learn that there is but one thing worth their care, and but one person deserving of their homage. Arctura speedily recovered her composure, and with the gentlest smile bade Donal good-bye. She was in her little room next the state chamber where she now slept ; the sun was shining in at the window, which was open, letting the song of a little bird through clear and sweet. ' " You hear him," said Donal, "how he trusts in God without knowing it We are made able to trust Him knowing in whom we have believed. Ah, dear Lady Arctura, no heart even yet can tell what things God has in store for them who will just let Him have His way with them. Good-bye. Write to me if anything comes to you that you think I can help you in. And be sure I will make haste to you the moment you let me know you want me." "Thank' you, Mr. Grant ; I know you mean every word you say. If I need you, I will not hesitate to send for you-only if you come, it will be as ray friend, and not" "It will be as your servant, and not as Lord Morven's," replied Donal. "I quite understand. Good-bye. The father of Jesus Christ, who was so sure of Him, will take care of you; do not be afraid." ' He turned and went; he could no longer' bear the look of her eyes. Out of her sight he had his turn of so-called weakness. " The day, was a glorious one, and Davie, full of spirits, could not understand why Donal seemed so unlike himself. " Poor Arkie would scold you, Mr. Grant," he said. '. ' He avoided the town, and walked a good distance round to get into the road beyond it, his head bent as if he were pondering in pain. At moments he felt as if he must return at once, and refuse to leave the castle for any reason. But he could not see that it was the will of God he should do so. A presentiment 'is not a command. A prophecy may fail of the least indication of duty. Hamlet, defying augury is the religious man Shakspeare takes pains to show him. The presentiment may be true, may be from God himself, yet involve no reason why a man should change his way turn a step aside from the path before him. St. Paul received warning after warning on his way to Jerusalem that bonds and imprisonment awaited him, and these warnings came from the spirit of prophecy, but he would not heed them.' to know better than imagine duty to be determined by consequences, of that foresight is direction; there is a better guide, and, he followed that. So did Donal, now.' Moved to go back, he did not go back-. nor afterwards' did he repent it 1 I am not going to describe the journey. Suffice it to' say that after. few days of easy walking they climbed the Schill, crossed the threshold of Robert Gr , Cottage, and were both clasped in the ein-.-'foe of Janet. For David almost rushed into the arms of Donal"d mother, and she took' him to the. same heart, to which she had taken were Sir 'Gibbie ; her bosom was indeed a loveliest refuge. , , Then followed delights which more than equalled the expectations of Davie. One of them was finding that, among the best people of the place where he was best known, Donal was thought as t much of as David himself could have desired He could not himself love Donal more than he did, he thought, but he reaped endless satisfaction in seeing how he was loved by others. Another was an altogether new sense of freedom ; he had never had an imagination of such liberty as he now enjoyed. It was as if God were giving it to him fresh out of his sky, his mountains, his winds. But he delighted most in the twilight on the hillside, with the sheep growing dusky around him for their Donal would talk about the shepherd of the human sheep, and Donal talked about him in such a different way from the clergyman ! Hearing Donald, Davie felt not only that there was once, but that there is now, that' man-a man altogether lovely-the heart of all beauty every- where-a man who gave himself, up that we might know his grand perfect Father as he did, for all his delight was in his father and his father's children. An i now Donal's youth began to seem far behind him. All bitterness was gone out of his memories of Lady Galbraith. He yet loved her tenderly, but was pleased she should be Glbbio's. How much of this happy change was owing to his interest in Lady Arctura enabling his mind to recover its own healthy tone, he did not require; much as he was interested in Arctura-moro.iusome very important says than he ever had been in Lady Galbraith he was too jealous of his own heart, shrank too much from the danger of any folly, knew now so well how small an amount of yielding might serve to unfit him, for a time at least, for the performance of the duties of life with anything like full manly freshness- amongst which duties would come first due regard to the needs of the very person over whom he must keep watch and ward lest he should himself fail her that he had often turned his thoughts into another channel than that in which they wanted to run that they should deepen" it too swiftly, and should all at once find they could not of themselves leave it again. ¡ To Lady Galbraith he confided his uneasi- ness about Lady Arturo not that he could explain, he could only confess himself infected with her uneasiness, and the rather that he know even better than she the nature of the relatives with whom she might have to cope. He told her that if Mrs. Brookes had not been there he could not have dared to come away and leave her with such 11 dread upon her. Sir G ¡baie listened almost open-mouthed to his tale of the' discovery of the lost chapel holding the first of the dead, and perhaps sometimes their wandering ghosts. 1, They assured him that if he would only bring Lady Arcturu to them they would take care of her had she not better give up the weary property, they said, and come and live with them, and be as free as the lark ? But Donal said that, if God had given her a property and no other calling, He certainly would not have her forsake her post, but wait for him to relieve? She must administer her own kingdom Here she could have an abundant entrance into His ! Only he wished he were near to help her, for now she would be less strong than before and they allowed that he was right. TO BE CONTINUED 