BROADBRIM'S NEW YOKE LETTER. I have told you often that New York must have a hobby. It makes very little diflorenee who it ia, or what it is, if it only answers for the time. It may be Patti, Nillson, Campanini or Grester, Montague, Rignold, Irving, Miss Terry or Mrs. Langtry —New York must have something on which to create a sensation. It may be Barnum's Jumbo or the sacred White Elephant, an English Lord or the King of the Cannibal Islands—a hobby we must have. Just now it is a Georgia Cracker, Miss Lulu Hurst. Young, not ill looking, exceedingly healthy, highly magnetic, and using the Queen's English after a fashion more astonishing than euphonious to ears polite. But whether her Lindley Murray is O.K. or not is a matter of 110 consequence. She is now the great attraction at the most fashionable theatre in the city, and walls that have echoed with the dulcet tones of the Jersey Lily, and the boards that have been trodden by the handsome and tony Lester Wallack, are now given over to a wandering stranger who knocks umbrellas into smithereens with the touch of her thumbs ; snaps a hickory walking stick as if it was a parlor match ; waltzes into prize fighters and athletes as if they were manikins or dolls stuffed with sawdust, and doing all sorts of extraordinary things which one would scarcely expect in a young girl of eighteen. Miss Lulu Hurst is our present hobby. If you moot a friend on the streot and re mark, "It's a very line day;" he will answer, " Yes, very fine—have you seen the Magnetic Girl ?" You question a broker about the rise in oil; he will answer, bound to go up —by the by, have you been to Wallack's?" Ask a lady friend her opinion of Beocher's last sermon ; she will answer, "Splendid; have you seen Miss Hurst ?" She starts in well financially. She has taken more money in New York in a week than she ever saw in Georgia in the eighteen years of her life. •' Muscle is now in the asceudant. I did think that his reign was over when the great slogger Sullivan knocked himself out with a . bottlo of whiskey; but the extraordinary feats of this Georgia girl have created almost : as much of a sensation as Sullivan himself, : and the only reason that she does not draw as much money as Sullivan is, that she has not ' been advertised to kill any one. If Miss Lulu will only advertise to break a Dude's neck with a billiard cue, or transfix one of her audience on an umbrella, I will guarantee her enough of money to buy a cotten plan tation in Georgia, where she can amuse her self by doubling up her neighbors for the rest of her days. Still three or four hundred dollars a night is not bad for an ignorant country girl these hard times. We also have another sensation and one which demonstrates the powor of- modern science. An.alchemist has discovered how to utilize the garbage of this great city, and out of the wretched refuse that it annually costs us a quarter of a million of dollars to destroy, he proposes to make illuminating gas which will cost about a dollar a thousand feet. Our prayers are with the inventor. We shall maKe light of our garbage for the future. According to this benefactor of the human race every poor family throws away enough material in 24 hours to light a house for a week. Our sister city Brooklyn has broken out with a now plague. This time it is an elope ment. She has had alarming symptoms before, but now it has become an epidemic. F>>ur husbands mourn their absent spouses, the complaint in every instance being, "Gone off with a handsomer man." If they were Americans wo would think nothing of it, but I grieve to say that the largest matrimonial defalcation has been among our foreign popu lation, Germans, Swedes, Danes and Finns. Ono unfortunate case was a little Dane, who stood about four feet in his stockings, whoso stately partner toweredabovehimone foot and four inches. The wife was exceedingly good looking, and thehusband, in.addition to his four feet of humanity, could not be called hand some ; and while a man four feet high might be considered for a poor girl a good catch in Denmark, in the United States lie soon began to find that it did not amount to much when compared with other men. Mrs. Jenson, being young and pretty, soon found admirers, and after hanging on the fence for some time started off for parts unknown, leaving four feet of disconsolate humanity behind her. The next case was quite similar, with the exception that the lady depleted her hus band's bank account to the extent of §500. She cabbaged all the tables and chairs in her husband's absence—her larceny even extend ing to a pair of boots, his! Sunday hat, his Sunday suit, two pet canary birds and a cnt. The lonely husband says that he-will not run after her, but ho wishes that other fellow would bring back his clothes and boots. I see that Euiil Giro has got into trouble, and I sincerely hope they may bo able to keep him in gaol till the day of his death. This is the miserable rascal who appeared in the Christiancy case as a witness against Mrs. Christiancy, and broke the poor creature's heart. He testified on the trial that ho stopped at a hotel with her, and it was the opinion of many of those who watched the case that the vagabond ought to have been kicked out of the witness box. I have no word to say about tlio morality of the case, but I have my own opinion of the wretch who, after leading a vvoman astray ;i.s | ho professed to have done, could then step into the witness box and betray her. Even [ if the facts were as he stated, he should have suffered crucifixion before appearing on that stand against her. If convicted of her grave offence, lie should have cliecl rather than have been the instrument of her conviction. There may be greater crimes in the calendar, but there is not one meaner or more con temptible than that of which this miserable hound has been guilty. He defrauded a weak widow who was looking for a husband out of §10,000, as she alleges, under promise of marriage, and when he got tho widow's cash he refused to fulfil the contract. I have no sympathy for an old fool who at CO years of ago can be caught by a matrimonial adver tisement. It would be a very foolish thing for a girl of 14, but for a frowsy old widow of 60, she deserves to be ducked in a horse pond. The whole affair was most ridiculously absurd from first to last. The fellow who inserted the advertisement demanded a photograph, and the old lady sent him one taken 32 years before. The ' picture made his heart thump like a steam engine. He asked to see the original. The original came down to New York to exhibit, and the sight of his newly found love nearly threw him into a'galloping consumption. However, he got §10,000 of the widow's money, and now she has him in •Ludlow-streot gaol, and I hope she may keep him there till she gets hor_cash back. It requires no ghost to come from the grave to assure us of a lively campaign. Since the Democratic nominations have been com pleted the city seems to be alive with Cleve land Legions and Plumed Knights. ! r think you will see some startling regalia before the election is over. At the rooms of the Republican National Committee they have a Plumed Knight in glistening armour, and if this style of uniform should be/adopted by the campaign clubs the'exhibition""would be most imposing spectaclo. The Republicans have fairly opened the campaign, and tho Democrats are preparing to give Cleveland a rouser. This week will mark the closing chapter of the last Arctic sacrifice, it seems only a short time since we turned out to bid Grcely a God-speed as he sailed away to the frozen north in search of those who were lost. Then came long months of the keenest agony, when we began to realize that those who went forth as saviours had themselves perished ainid the icebergs and the snow. The nation's heart was stirred to its innermost depths, and a relief party was sent out to look for the lost ones. The rescuing party lost their ships and came near perishing them selves. As it was", one brave sailor drifted out to sea and was never heard of after. In a few days we shall welcome the survivors of tho Greely party, and a long mourning pro cession, with solemn music and muffled drums and flags draped in mourning, jvill be our tribute of respect to tho men who perished. And there let it end. No more martyrs, no more tales of heroic suffering, no more widows and orphans of Arctic explorers ty sadden our hearts with their cries and tears. As'far as the United States is concerned let this be the closing chapter. The weather is remarkably cool for July, so cool that it has almost ruined the hotels bv the seaside. Yours truly, Broadbrim. 