THE POULTRY FIEND, BY SILAS Sa?sL. Those tallowy-faced .misery-mongers, who are continually prating over the horrors bof bell, have never livedlnear a:poultry-breeder, or they would give that locality, the prestige for: solid unceasing torments.i ,For six months'I existed next to a fiend who grekv fowls, and when I had~a lucid'spell, I often wished to godoff to perdition for a rest. I was seduced into the neighborhoodibyja lying advertisement, ihich said: "Forsale, cheap : a handsomB i ine.roombed cottage, in a salubrious locality~ ?:' It as the salubrious locality fetched me. , I` wanted all tbhesali brity I could get for my money, so Iwent and viewed the ruin. It was a cheerful prison, set away back iin a=wild waste of garden, iwhich showed~ evidence: of many .abortive attempts;,at cultivation ;and there was such an air.of weird desolation about, and .the ,owner was so greedy for a setle nient, that'I struck gliots at oncej Thought I; " The shinty's haunted, and that innocent: Jew fancies he's packing the,cards ronme; thinks he's parting. his oid spiritiualistic seance nienagerie: off rito. a guileles Chlini. man ; got an idea that I doit knrivthe(rit'st a? headless man roams ,about. thde a place of nights, eating ,fire and keeping decent folks from their natural. rest. But who cares?? I'm eager to see the white lady with .the stab in her breast, and the antiquated miser with a gash in his throatlike a chol in a red gumlog , :ýI ?n I v that these tenants from the intan-,: gible' nowhere' are i .ruination n properly, owners; and harder to evacuate than the wary bug; so 'I was not; surprised.at the;; low price, and struck a bargain light off. ,Then I borrowed a wheel-barrow and carted in my costly furniture.'n' i;''r ! ,, . °i +-- ', :, Ouri first night in that house was a ghastly ,expericnce;, From,, sundown, strange; un' "earthly' dchoes t'ravelled along the ,wall which adjoined?lour'eighbior on thb right, ,and an'occasional yell sounded through the place, ,acting on. my frame likel a:;gust ýfroni a freezing room, and making Mrs. Snell's fringe stick out like a wire brush ' Oh, Sniell I" 'sle moaned, as a hoarse chuckling seemed to come 'out of t'he plasteri At the head of 'our 'bed: "that's my poorb dear \- IS ., !MS VIEVE " WARD. : . 2;"ý . . ý ' ~ ;: , I ," N. s *. F ý . I : ; ' E . i' ý ý s ý . ýý . *1 , 7 .other's voice, She always spoke.through drlinose 'like that' when she had a cold, and she said she'd haunt you for filing her false teeth to points like:'a:sai. Oh, uh l"And Mrs. Snell wrapped.a blanket round her'head,·and shivered, hard. enough, to ,make.nmy, teethi chatter.i I tried tore-assure er, d jdxplainedl that her mother head gone to a place where. colds are not; :lt she ,said I was ann;ir reverent" wretch, and it was, no:wonder we were hautinted. The noises; continued till, daybreak ; when, after a grand finale, they ceased, and a few. minutes laterI sprangcout . 'of bed; and valiantly called upon the'appari tion to, come forth and show itself like~ a man. It wouldn't come, bht I felt that I had; done' my duty.; so I tiurned .tod nd lighted the kitchen fire. After breakfast, I got down my oldOl Colt's revolver. and went in search:: I fired up all the chimneys, and subjected' tlhe cploards to a raking volley, withou;t risingo anyth'ing but the smell of a ghost, I; Thien I went out s'ide, and a ~glance over' the 1di'iding" fence divulged the' mystery Oar neighbor on the right had a fowl repository' all along the wall of my house, where droves of mangy poultry lodgedg and k~epiip a 'restless demo niacal 'clucking anhd 'crowing the night through;. Unholy ragefilled my-bireast when I saw this, andI.yelled for'Smith. I thought it as likely as not that the poultry breeder's name was Smith, tand it must! havee -been, for pi~eAetlj a mighty ihead was thruatont. of one, of .the back .windows of the .dwelling and T `fhic}t voce sorilewhere aick" in its depths sajd " Are you the man that runhthis asylum ?" I asked. The face grinned. " Well, you'll haive to ibiip it right ?ut of that. We're not going to have another niight of that racket. '' D'. y'i?hear?: Shift it hlalf-a mile away, or I'll hly' i a plug of dynamiiite 'and 'shoof it to destruction.?" "O' goterblazes I'' saidt'-he hlead` las` it was drawn ii GIHel'was' evidently, nse to complaints of this kind. .. .. Formtkhattin e fo?ward my,life was a mi-. ture of misery a? pnrofanjty: ,I spent hours 'tu'rniing over ground of my garden and, fixinig things up' Thenh when ~ came out a ew mmiiutes'later? there -would ,be a whole legion of poultry' scraping iand ,delving the plahis'up, and scattering the garden about the country; I "ursed their owner, his, father and mother, ,and. all his ,ancestors; nd:" hunted the fowls: with an i'axe 'randle.' Many of'them were sein'trolling, the effect of' half a brick frorfiily; vengeful hand; but there was no satisfaction in it, as they re gained their legs ?and stepped for a iole in the fence as though they dbeen iibit with a rose-leaf.": I `fo?undi out latertlhat Smith' ,reared chickens forboarding-houses. Then I. purchased a cannon and laid in ,wait. , " One aged rooster I bhated in particular : a bandy- legged, :featherless ;,outrage, with a Roman nose, anid a look about him. that ,strangely reminded me of a, bombastic, J.P. whom I once xlnew. That bird was the .picture:.of.,ineffable conceit, sand when I caught him up to some new devilry, he would go for the fence in a self- possessed sort of ,way.; and, though' I. hit him, hard ,with a shovel more than once he never became ruffled over it like another fowl, but just got' ,up and strutted:on as".much as to say, '' You, may insult me, sir; but,?you are beneath my notice.:': He' ledd alhltbe raids ;:against me, and would amble .carelessly intod our kitchenh at; the head? of about forty :hens,iand dig his nose:into the butter,iand invite the 'hens: to: rake the bread about and spill, the milk, just as though things` belonged to him:;, andl ;when ,I.surprised them ::and. shut the ddor, feeling sure of a deadly vengeance at last, hisdignified deportment iiever failed hini, althdugh` I could see he'Was a bit scaredbut She tried hard not to appeir sso'; and when I went for him with a flat iron, he shambled past' and went up' stiairs "- I followed closer on;-butfhe sailed through' a front window.. and stood on a post all the afternooniguyiing' imei:',When I ,returned' to the 'kitclie; the, hens had all left by way of the hole the flat=. iron.made in thedoor-pannel.' €i Another time he introduced a'hen 'into our; _be?Iroom and; invited; her to lay on my pillow, which, she; did at every opportunity. The! eggs were good enough 'to have, but the fowl-lice were not.,,,. i; .;e usedi to crow,,regularly every ?half-, hour through .the. night, and would ::talk. with the pullete,sometimes for hours. This attraction, aind thatiafforded by a few hens who had rising, families just teething to at ftendto, meae, our nights livelier than a do I expostniated 4with Smith's head many a time (I never saw more of him than his bloated nol?), but thfeonly answer I got was' a gfriidlike!a ,ripple'orin a duck pond, or?" 0, goterblazes. . , One morhing, wheniI? had nailed up every crdevice ii the fence, and was having another turid'at tlhe' garden;I~notided the vile thief's face, the color of an underdone parncake, peering ove at me., flie was nearIy chuck linhg his frouit teehi oit~;and .I could see he was: caliulatiiin how much fowls';.fodd! he wbould ;saied througli my: gardenling opera. tious. Im>i1 . " Smith,' I said, in a pleading tone :gradu .ally verging to -the menacin.,. "will ,voi chain up those feathered fiend ofyours? Will 'oni: feed them oni arsenic ? Willyu ou sell out and go to.Ne'Wv Caledoia?' You chuckling hen .housedou ma'mimothhe-aded shark( mouthed poultry generator-you--you I" "O; gotrblazesi " said Smith, and took Snhis face. ' Five weary months of sleepless nights and harassed days, and my great brain gavd way. I becamie a drivelling imbecile, pos sessed withian idea that I was!a Shanghai rooster. Mrs 8. .managed to keep up and get: me away, after selling the.house to a man who kept a private lunatic asylum, and wanted his patients to remain as mad as posi 'sible.' I: am a little better' now, but still drivelling, as you will imagine after reading this, 'r::;l?}J '(I?: :: A new boarder spilt some niilk on his new coat.and?wa fearful lest it. would leave a Seaisesp6t. An old stageiasssured him that there was iot the slightest danger; but that lie 'ight look for a clialk inark wh'en it \- PLEASANT SIGHT.-A man who was try ing t9 sell rather a dismial;residence, boasted that it commanded a.view of the railway station. ''B ut tht beit n't i~nake it any more pleasant', said tlihe party who:was exjected to purchase it. "-Oh, yes it does," replied the ownerconfidently; it makes itgay ;just here; ygu' cntanistand on this step.and see everybody thatnisse~ the train. : 