DRAMATIC PERFORMANCE. (By 'Hamlet's Ghost.'') Tin members of the Orient Dramatic Club gave an entertainment in the Tempernneo Hall on Wednesday evuninj; last. Despite tho threatening aspect of the weather and slight mizz ing rain, there was a very fair audience. The frst part of tho performance constated of a drama entitled 'Giibrt's RevcDgo;- or, the Idiot Witness.' Allowini; for tin' fact that all the members of the ens o wen1 .im.iiour-', I'oing the tir-t appcar-moc of many, tliis piny ptisnod oil' fairly HitHfaetoriiy. Unf'iltiDntoK, Mr. J. NiclioU, to whom one of the leadiug clianiciers was1 all t oil, tiecame -eiious'v ill only a few days before the opening ni-'lir., and in the binor-jcnoy Mr. Livare under took to till his place as liest he cuiiJd under .lie cir cuiustiiuci'B This gentleui.ni, who, no doubt, was hib nring under a heavy disability in not having Hiitticifiit lime to ilmrouvhly le.ini his pan, w.ts howuvor, -c.iroely uji to tin- mark in his ropr .-. sentation 't tho villain (Am.tud) m tin- pint ; but. in the fares ?? Tin siib4«-i|iii'iitly, provt-d himsilf in be i.- tlio pr.)i e.1 plnue in comic chiiructum ; in fact, it noiilil only h- doing him jnstio to place him mi the list with H-ini~on n-id Ro.'pr on, tho W'll-kiiowii Ih-hI o-inqtiei'i in fcct'ulrioirifii and is'iniuiili io-. To Mi J. IJ unketi win enti us td the Icidiiu |».i'i, 'Gilbert, the Mio',' and his ruprosoiitHtion p 'ved th.it the coiiliili'iic o iepoae.1 in him w.ib not mi paced. This gi lit e m* li w.is clio only .wtm wli' apu-nrd to m-*k.- good uae of his voice, his clear riiii'ioint.ion sh wins in ni.irkfd e 'li'Mst to llii1. »t a me times, source v audililo utterances of the «ther ul.iyt-r . Wi-h uerbapa a httlo more energy hit) iuiuurHuualio wnuld hnvenonn nxcellpn*. Mr. F. Bryce inaGnr m«n chaiacter, as tlin p:\iH servant of Aruaud, looked and acted his part admirably, representing »n ovil lonkiim cnt-thr -at. (A compliment for Fred, who it naturally, and offthestaijo, a very quirt and peaco abliicitizon.) Mr. Upton, n» an olrl ferryman, acted tho part vory well, but, »s was the dine with most of tho perfnrmerK. was somewhat at fault in speaking it, want of articulation aud dhtinctnnR* ot vntuu ouiiik tne main arawnacKn to tne onter tninment. Tho«e- romn'-ks are made with all kind ness, nnd not in any way intendod to damp their nrdmir. No doubt, standing on tho »iage, iho.v appoT to ho spenkin; loudy, but. the audieiid' in the back of tho hall, nnar t.ho str et. entrance, must have oxptirienced consid'TAhle diftiunlty in following tlio plot. Tho acoustic properties of th hall nru far from good, and this should he br-rnt! in mind by 'iir nmatenr«. Mr. Millrr, as tht: (Jne-n's pa«e. dre«-e4 to the pnrt, looked 'tun awfully utter,' and actod hi- ri^irt. cri-ditn'-ly Mr. F. Robsuii ?? niiidu up' a.s a t-iloral-iy piissablo dame with a happy k-.nck of maki ig good dumplingK, and Master Bob Jones madu rniher a nice-looking young lasB. Mr. E. Lindsay would havo made' a good Earl of Sussex with a littlo more diuuity. Altogolher tho piece was carried out very satisfactorily, no hitch of any kind occurring. The second pnrt consisted of a lautfliablo farco by Messrs. Plunkett, Livaro, aud Robson, tho most amuaiim thiiiu iu connection therewith being a pair of boots (more properly speaking ''boats' or canoes) on the Ivo Bligb principle, or something after The Bulkliii'n repre sentation of A. G. Taylor's foot — ' to bo continued in our next.' On the sides of tbeso bo'jts wore painted notices ' to lot,' aud ' no rtnt,' and considering houses are rather a scarco commodity here just now, no doubt they would readily lot on the 'no rent' terms. Tho performance con cluded with the amusini; sketch ' Tho Area Belle,' by Messrs. Lsivaro, Upton, Miller. Robson, nnd Oswald, aud was well carried out in every detail, being tho most effective part of the evening's performance J he entertainment was repeated again last even ing to a vory fair house, and with the sumo satis factory result. Now that amateur theatricals have Dccu inaugurated, there may be some probability of working the affair up to something still better in that line. We an) not of those who decry such amusements, believing, as We do, that our young men could do much woran rritli their spare time ; and such performances as those of Wednesday and Thursday evenings, while cnusing some diversion and amusement to the auditors, do no harm to the attors, while at tho same time they would have the effect of improving their memory and elocution, aud teaching tlu-tn confidence and reliance before a public audioncc. Shakespeare says :— ' All tlio world's a stage, nnd all the niun and women in it actors,' and why should not our loctl young men act on their mimic stage the passions ana influences at work in the greater world outside their little sphere i And in several country towns, not only amateur theatricals, but opora, is coming into favor. Now that tho winter months are coming round, wo will expect to hear more from the Orient Club, nnd if they take our remarks iu good part, they will doubtless succeed in the two ways in which such ontertainments are satisfactory — good performnnccs and full houses. Woli- onoon'g Autumn Races. — We hnve been requested to draw the attention of persons inter est ed in horse-racing t-- the closing of the Muni cipal and Flying Handicaps of tho Wollomiong Autumn Races, at'8 p.m. on Siitnrdny, March 1st. The programme nppoiired in onr issui: of Friday last, and on porusal appears to afford a cheap opportunity of testing young horsos. Award roit Saddlkiiv. — With the true spirit of striving to command success, Mr James Browne, saddler, of this town, arranged to compete at the shows at Kiama and Shoiilhaven, as well as -u. the Wollongong show. Owing to irregularity in tho run nf the steamers, his exhibits for Iviama did not arrive in time to be shown. At Shoalhaven, however, a side-aaddio exhibited by Mr. Browne was recommended for a prizu by the judaes, this being a very high honour indeed to the manu facturer, as the show nchedulo did not include a prize, for a side-siiddle. Mr. G. W. Fuller. M.A. — We have been pleased to notice that on the motion of Mr. 0-ven, Q.C , Mr. George Warburton Fuller has been called to the Bar of New South- Wales. Mr. Fuller is tho eldest son of George L. Fuller, Esq.. of Dniiinore, Kiama, and was one of the first bntch of boys who attended the Kiama Public School, theii under tho charge of Mr. Stew-art. While there he successfully passed the Junior and Senior examinations. At fifteen years of age he matri culatud and cutered the University, and went to reside at St. Andrew's College, under the principal ship of the.Rar J. Kinross, B.A., formerly of Kiamn. He was tho first student to entsr St. Andrew's College, and to carry off the Marks scholarship of £50. He pusaud through a suc cessful course mid took his B. A. decree at the early ago of 18 years with h'r-t class honours. Two years lator he took his M A. degree, aud since then he has been studying law, first in the oth'oo of Mr. Suiter, solicitor, and subsequently under Mr. C J. Mantiiti!.' (a nephew of Sir William Manning), and one of the lending men at the Bar. ' Ho passed a very successful examination in law. aud wns admitted to the Bar on the motion of Mr. Owen, Q C. We wish Mr Fuller every success in the high and honorable profession he has chosen, and hope that his success may be an example for other young men in this district to follow.- — Kiama llenurtcr. Tub New Steamer. — The steamer Sophia Ann inaugurated, on Tuesday last, the hit iidetl new steam service between Wollongong and Sydney. She left the Victoria Wharf, at 111- f-wt of Erskine-street, in the foren od, reaching Wollon gong about 3 o'clock, making the trip in five hours. Sho then at onco took up her position at tho old slip at the pi'T-head, where she discharged a considerable qiian'ity of cargo brought from Sydney. Having coaled immediately afterwards, sho returned to Sydney, but iv'thou* any cargo, Tha Sophia Ann is a smart looking little wooden steamer, aim st new. having been launched at the Tomakin Itiv.-r, on the south const, only in July last. She is 321 feet l'iig, with 22 feet beam, and 8 feet bold, aud is fitted with compound engines, 35 Imrse-p wur nominal, her speed being about !) knots. Her net register toounge is XLL IfHUa, Ulll ttuu U'llll^o -iw ui -f.lv u -iia. -au regard to passenger accommodation sho is fairly well iii'ed up, considering her siz . The ladies' and gentlemen's cabins are quite separate, on deck, each having accommodation for 12 pcr-ons. and being respectively in charge' of a steward and stewardess. The ste-uner is under the command of Captain J. G. Atkinson, and her compliment of hands, all told, is 13. She is the property of Mr. William Jennings, of Sydney, who is the owner of several sailing vessel.'. Before entering upon the Wollongong trade, she ran to Port Macqiiarie. giviii», »» wo are assured, every satisfaction. Sho made her second trip to this port yesterday morning, bringing a large quantity of cargo, and a few passengers, but, us on her first trip, sho had not much freight to Sydney on her return trip in the afternoon. A contract to erect a store 20 x 30 feet on the pier head has been taken by Me-srs 1. and H. Parsons, and as wo understand,' the bii.ldiug is 'to be. completed with nil possiblH dispatch, -it is likely that the re quired storage accomodatioii will be provided very soon. It will bo' noticed that in consequence of want of storage ?.provision, the steamer will upike but one trip tir-xt week. Wolfe's Schnapps has almost been n h'Hisu-hol 1 word in- thn' months 'of tlio thousands who havt been restored or relieved by its use,, mid '? i« cor taiuly proverbial ' for the wouderful cures it has cunsunii.Mtud si''-- its introduction. - Aiivt Thj»t Uusiianii ok Mink is three times the man he was bet'oie he be^iin o»ing ' Wolls' Health Renewei,' Druggisis. Moses Moss and Co., Sydney, geni'rnl agents. 'Drowiiuoss, biliousness, pains and aches, ague, Hop Bittera always cures. Road. JtESIG* ATI -N OF A^VTEDIfAl, STAFP.-Dr!. Sir Alfred KoborM, West^Pickburn, and Goode, who form the medical staff of the hospital for sick children, Globo, hi»vn toudored their r nJL'ioition in consequence of the dissatisfaction nf th'«i« aentlcimnn at tho manner in which th'1 inntitutio has of late bean mnnagm] by the lad''' af th« h'«d of affainO The medical stn'ff take the eoiirne th-y havo with extreme regret. They li»ve nlwayn taken a livoly intoreitt in tho welfare of thn institu tion, but of Inle important recommcndiiMoiis by them— tho result nf tln-ir upecinl kn«wli'ri-;it of h'i-- pitul management — have iioen «-?«? tn iticuMy ignored b» tho committeoof la- lie*, and the. inodicnl tttuir had accordingly no niiertpitive lint to tender their resitMiations. —Evening jVcics Municu'ai. Kndowmknt.' — A deputation, con aisMim of Mayors nf city, suburban, mid country intiiiioipalittns, wnttert upon the Colonial Secre tary on Tuesday morning, to ascertain whothor it whs Hip intiMilinn of the Government lo continue .-(/* v...n Limii^ m iiniiiiuijittiirius, iney pointed out that, if these wore discontinued the results would bo dintrossful, as a number of municipal works would havo to be abandoned, roads would fall into disrepair, and numbers of men would be thrown out of employment. Mr Stuart did not hold out hopus that the Government would acquiesce in a continuance, of tho grants. All ho could promise wjis that he would consult his colleagues with tho view of ascertaining whether means could be devised for keeping in existonce another year portion of the fund from which grants ininht bo taken. — Echo. Tn.iVKLLiNo Extraordinary.— There is now en route f-r tho tailway works at C al-Oliff (says our Macijmirie River correspondent) a navvy who has travelled from Gundasai, drawinu a co'vored hand-cart containing beading, &c;, and having suspended underneath it a numbor of buckets, billy-cans, and oilier such fixtures. It may hardly bo correct to hay that he has drawn the cart all the way, for on the back of the vehicle is rigiied a mast, with yard-arm, anil sheets, and braces, so that when the wind in favourable its force is Utilised W'itll tfnod Rrfpp.t.. At. t.ll.t rtrtint. nf llin po'e of the cart, and firmly fixed thereto, is an upright polo about 7 foot long, tho lower end of which iu coming clown hills is pressed on the ground with sufficient force to act a« an effrctiv: brake. He carries a large quantity of ropo and a number of pu Hoy-blocks, by which ho wnrpi the cart up tho ftropest Jill's. Ho same' down the Macquarie Pass safely on the 22nd, and, should the wind ho favourable, probably lie will reach Bulli or Uoal-Clilf by the ond of tho week, when it is to be hoped his toil and perseverance will be rewarded by remunerative employment. Moan while drivers of shy binges alon-; this route of this novel oaravan will do well to keep a sharp eye ami a thight rein, as such a spectacle is not seen in this district every day by man or beast. Tib Railway Houtes.— Tho following letter from Mr. K, R. Stuart (son of the member for this district) has bctm received by Alderman La h iff in reply to hit letter enclosing the memorial adopted by tho public meeting recently held in the Tamperance Hall in favour «f tlio ivostern or Fig Tree route, for the railway instead of that vin Spring Hill. . It will be remembered that Mr. Lahiff, iu his then capacity as Mayor ? nf this borough, presided over the said meeting, and that it was resolved that the memorial bo forwarded to the Minister for Works by him through the member for tho district. Very great delay h«« taken place somewhere, as it will be noticed that there is a space of three weeks between the date of Mr. LaliilF's letter enclnsina the memorial and that in reply, winch is as follows :— ' Colonial Secretary's Office. Sydney, 25th Fob., 3884. Sir, — I am directed by Mr. Stu.irt to inform ynn that he has forwarded to tho hon. tin1 Minister for Works tho memorial forwarded by yon in your letter of tho 7th in.itait. Yours faithfully, Kenneth R. Stuakt. — P. Lahiff, Esq., Mayor of WnllongonK.' According to rumour, thin station site campaign is not yet over by any moan*. It is said that a resolution is to be movsd in tho North Illawarrn Council, not only ex pressing disapproval of the rtation beins south of the Mount Keira railn-wy, but alao of tlie line being lakjn via Spring Hill .instead of br tlir Crosit Ro»ds to the serious inCAiiTenifnce of all the North Illawarra riUopayorn about Mount' Keira and its vicinity. And if repnrt can bo relied upon, a motion is ali-o to be made in the Central Illawarra Council strongly disapproving of the railway being taken by Spriug Hill instead of via the Cross Roads and Fis- Tree, as the latter would serve ratepayers of that borough at the rate of »t least 20 or 30 to 3 bettor tha~n would the Spring Hill line. In addition to these actions by the two councils, which are .-aid to be in con templation, it is rumoured that there are inten tions to hold public meetings at Fairy Meadow, Fig Tree, and Mount Keira, to advocate the station bring north of the Mount Keira rail way, also the western route instead of that via Spring Hill. Trickbtt and CLIFFORD.— -We learn that Trickott. tha famous sculler, reached Wollocgong ou Wednesday afternoon, per the Bega, steamer, and proceeded at once to the residence of Mr. Thomas Clifford, at Mullet Creek, whore he intends making his quarters for about ten days. Trickett's obj ct iu visiting tho district is to ?'coach' our local man, and at the Mine timo to enjoy a holiday in a locality or which he has hoard so much, and which has produced such niun as his quondam rivals, Beach and Clifford. It may be remembered by onr reader* that at the presen tation of an outrigger to Clifford a cup'o of months ago, at the Dapto Hotel, in recognition of tlie gallant nimnor iu which lie pulled on the Parrama' to Rivor and as an expression of sympathy at hi« ungenerous treatment in the match for the Punch and Deoble trophy, it was then stated by several speakers that it would bo an advantage to Clifford if Trickett could be induced to come down to the Lake and give him lessons in the nan of the outrigger by which ha (Clifford) misilit become perfect in bis manipulation of that clais of boat. Now that Cliff rd is visiting th' Lake it is to he hoped tint not only Tom Clifford and his brothers, but itevral otlwr of the Dapto rowers, will keep their eyes open, and learn a thing or two from perhaps the nw't finished and graceful sculler in Australian waters. We learn from Mr. Ciiti'ord that he has nnthinj in direct view from Tiickett's tuition, but if he kIiows any thing like good form it is his inteau -ri to try and set a matcti on with Rush, the Clarence champion. Ho states that he has no idea nf meeting llanlan, as some of lii-- nm-t enthusiastic admirers would wish, and gives it as his opinion that the winner of tho forthcoming contest between 'l'rickett and Beach will be the man to try' conclusions with the champion. Lnycock, also, if be continued to improve, will have a match with Hanlan. Clifford further says 'hat l'rickett expresses it as his opinion that he (Ned) can pull down Hanlan'i- colors over the Parramatta course, nnd lie further Atate.s that Triokett nerer wits iu better form than at prtjKOiit and can now pull better than he evur did. Be says that Triekett's late performance with B.-ai-b astonished him, for while the former was iu anything but an d health, the latter whs in exo'-l'ent form, and he pulled a much lighter hott' than Trickett, who, however, played such pranks with William us inu-t rather have surprised that, redoulitab e mirsinnn. Time alone will show what the result of 'lie ensuing match will be. In the. ni' antiine Clifford will go into active train and will proceed t Sydney when Trickett returns thitlinr, with the object nf picking up anything »t all likely. . ' : Oonsiimi'if* of Willie's Celebrated Schnapps, especially tlh--e who taku it medicinally annul mii-chanc it only 'by tho hotile, and thus em-u e obtaining the ?.'outline, article, there beiui.' fraud ulent imitations in iho market. Lir e and sum I bottles are obtainable at every re-puuiable hotel iu the colonies, and tho name, of M. M s« and Co. i» nn tho t'p label of the. yellow wrappers. Noin else is L'oniuiiu. ' Bi'oiiu-Paiiia.' — Quick, cnniplnta pure, all annoying kidney, bladder and Urinary Diseases, Mosub Moss nnd Cu., Druggists, Sydney Agents, 