There nre in Shnkspcare's plays about ninety deaths taking place either on the stage or immediately behind. T]¡e modes of death are various. Cold .steel—the dagger or the sword —accounts for about, tivo-t liirds of t)ie whole : twelre persons die from old age or decay ; seven are beheaded ; five die of poisoning, including the elder JIamlet, whose symptoms are so minutely described by the ghost ; two of suffocation, unless, indeed, Dcademona makes a third ; two by strangling ; one from a fall : one is drowned ; three die from ft snake bit.e, and one, Horner, the armorer, is thumped to to death frith a sand bag. (Jne ol the hottest regions ot the earth is along the Persinn Gulf, where little or no rain falls. At Babrin the arid shore lias no fresh water, yet a comparatively numerous annulation contrive to live there thanks to the copious springs which burst forth from the bottom of the sen. The fresh water is gotten by diving. The driver, sitting in Iiis boat, winds a grent gontskin hag around Iiis left arm, the hand grasping its mouth ; then he takes in Iiis hand a heavy stone, to which is attached a strong line, and, thus equipped, he plunges in and quickly reaches the bottom. Instantly opening the hag over the strong jet of fresh water, Tie springs up the ascending current, at the same time closing the bag, and is helped' on board. The stone is then hauled up, and tlio diver, after taking breath, plunges in again. The source of these copious sub marine springs is thought to be the' green hills of Osman, some 500 or (¡00 miles distant.. I Thé commissioners appointed by the Eng lish Government to inquire into the subject,, of technical education in . European coun/ tries publish some interesting results in their report. They visited every centre of indus try; on the Continent and in England, and found that'wherever instruction was given, to artisans and:workmen in addition to the routine of tlie day's work, those places had made thé greatest' strides in commercial importance; A spirit of rivalry in technical schools has, of late years, sprung up, and as an instance^ of the determination of tile French not to be outdone by their German or Swiss neighbours, it mentioned that they are about to erect at Roubaix a new: school for weaving and, dyeing at a ccost., ,of £200,000, while at Crefield à remarkable school, has just been completed at a cost -of ^42,500. Encouragement in competition, is offered in'neárly all the schools' in prizes,, and, ; /generally they are supported by - thé municipalities. No country, on, tne Conti nent has benefitted by these schools so much as has Gern\any, where ! they can be' found in every manufacturing' centre, and the com mission point to the superior, quality of the clothing, tweeds, cordings, etc.,< now manu factured there, as a proof of'thes good result; The report of the commission embraces a comprehensive plan for the establishment'of a technical ¡.school system m. all the ¡indus trial centres of England,.to" be subsidized: if needs be, by the general Government. i —The evils, ot over-pressuro iiii thoi matter ¡ of compulsory education iir element my school s have been subject •. for discussion . amoug : physicians foryears, but an eminent Englislf i surgeon, Dr. Rabagl.ati, of Bradford,'lias found some: corroboratory cvidenco , of its.'ibnd effect on the health of childrcn in the mortality statistics of that country/ ¡ In 1870¿!when the Education act.' came, in force,' the1 'Registrar General returned.. 74:28, ,.deaths ■ in ; England from '^hydrocephalus,"^;or, Í', water on» the brain.".Of vthese:613tí (. occurred:.'iii'¡children under 5 years of: age,>nnd:; 1280 in boys and girls of school age and juskbeyondit—that is to say, of. froui f>-to,25:years'of,age. In 18Ô0, after ten years' of educational; pressure,. there were 8514 deaths at'all -ages from; " hydro cephalus." . Of- these'.G.7J.-8 ".wore among children, under :5,;years4 of,..age, whilo 1018, were in young persons' of .from..5 to 25. ,>.In plain words, iir the .first year of-the Education ! act the deaths from-"waters on the'brain" 'in children under ' school' age : were to ¿those. in young persons of " and just- b'eyond school age as five to 0110.(4.99 to 1). ;ï:But at,the end of the decade in ■ 1880 they ¡ wero as : four' to ' one (4.12 to 1), ■ which represents an; increase -of about 20 per : cent,.. coincident not ¡ only ( with the first! ten:years .ol'< educational, activity;. but also with a fall in tho ¡.general ^death-rate. Take another' disease likely to be caused'by " over-pressiire," ' cephalitis' oiy ", inflammation • of the.brain." In 1880, out, of. a:population, of .about 25,700,000, this., i disease,,! was responsible for 8270, before the Education Act began to tell, cephalitis killed only 4944' per-: sons out of a population of 22,500,000. In the decade afflicted by " over-pressure,"" there fore, the deaths from inflammation : of the brain rose from 219 to 321 per 1,000,000, an increase of about 50 per cent. Moody, the revivalist, took • farewell of England in Exeter-hall, London,, on June 25\. Tliero were fully 4000 converts, present. Hymns wore sung and tea served. ; The ■ pro position to form open-air volunteer uialo chôirâ for evangelistic purposes as a mémorial''of Moody's work was responded to by. hundreds of converts. They will bo known as the " Exeter-hall Male Choirs." ! " The Thunderer,".—Owing to nu extra ordinary iuflux of advertisements, tlio Ttmes of June 14 was of unusual size, consisting pf three full sheets, or twenty-four pages, eapli page comprising six colums. An analysis of the contents shows that 8-l§ of the. 144 columns were filled with advertisements, tlio number of which was no less than 255G ; the remaining 59.J contained articles, reviews, letters, reports, and paragraphs on over 200 distinct topics, all this being gathered in from four quarters of i the globe, edited and set up in a few hours I The total length of the columns was 2(¡4 feet, and if placed end to end and stood upright, they would have readied to a height exceeding that of the Monument by sixty-two feet. If tlio matter, instead of being broken up into colums, had been set in one cotinupus line, it would have reached one mile !)50 yards, or the distance from Charing cross to Choapside. The number of soparato types used in printing this issue is calculated at over two millions, and the quantity of printed matter is reckoned to be equivalent to that contained in two ordinary octavo volumes of 480 pages each. The only previous impression of tlio paper which has At tained these proportions was that of June 21. 1891\. The Times of that day was described as the largest production that hns ever issued from the daily press, and this description applies to the recent issue, which was truly the best threepenny worth of current literature >vo huye over seen. ' 