Intercolonial. NEW SOUTH WAF.F.S. [from our own cokrespondbnt.] SrDNEr, March 24. William Balbeok, a man employed on board tho mail steamer Ballarat, lying at tho Circular Quay, fell overboard accidentally to-day and was drowned. Tho body has not yet been recovered. Mr W. J. Foster, a barrister, has been ap pointed Actiny Judge of the Supreme Court, and is to presidp at the next Circuit Courts The appointment of Messrs C. Campbell, M.L.A., S M'Caughey, and J. B. Christian as a commission to pnquire into the recent outbreak of scab in the sheep imported from America, has been approved by the Cabinet. It is understood that tho Hon. J. P. Abbott, Minister Mines, will bo appointed Minister for Public instruction, The question of a successor to tho Minister for mines has not yet been decided by the Cabinet. With reference to the reoent cable message, statiug that tho appointment of a High Com missioner for the Western Pacific had been delayed owing to tho failure of the colonieB to contribute tho required sum, no information on the subjeot has been received by tho Government of this colony from England. No request or suggestion that tho colonies should contribute annually £10,000 has been mado to tho Government of New South Wales by tho Imporial Government, and until some thing authoritative and explicit has been received nothing will bo dono so far as tho Govornmen t of this colony is concerned towards asking tho sanction of Parliament to the contribution of any portion of tho expenses attending tho ap pointment of a Commissioner. William Beach has issued n challenge to Hnnlan f.n rniv tW -P.Kfin n.uirln ntul flirt Mtnin. pionship of the world over tho champion course on tho Pnrramatta River. Hanlan being away from town all day on a visit to the Nopoan River, on the invitation of Mr P. It. Smith, it is not yet known whether the chal lcngo will bo accepted. Tho ovoning lectures at tho University wore commenced to-night, when thirty -oi.e students presented themsolves, boing mostly public school teachers or clerks in the Government service. Ninety five candidates out of 119 havo passed the matriculation examination. Tho increased amount of interest shown is due to the establishment of the evening lectures, as woll as the engineering and medical schools in, connection with tho University. The approaching thirty-fifth annual meoting of the Australian Mutual Provident Society will bo of more than ordinary, interest, inas much as it closes tho seventh quinquennium of the society. The amount of last year's busi ness showed a considerable increase, and the society continues iu a highly prosperous condi tion. The English mails ex Sorata reached Sydney on Sunday, being tho thirty-seventh day from the' date of leaving London, which is one of the best records up to tho present time by any route, . The following scratchings wero posted to day : — For tho Hawkcsbury Autumn Handicap — Precious Stone. Rowley Mile. — Morpoth, Scgonhoo, Bargo, Salvo, Bellbird, WaxworkB, Lo Grand, Mileta, Bohemian, Sportsman, Precious Stone, and Blenheim. Little wagering has been dono on the com ing events. Despot, Maroney, and Ghost are in favor for the Hawkesbury handicap, but very little right out betting took place. For the A.J.C. St. Leger, 5 to i is the best offer against Martini-Henry, and 6 to 4 against Lo Grand. There is a disposition to back tho latter at 7 to -I, while 5 to 1 is forthcoming against either Off Colour or Warwick. The following are tho leading features of tho Sydney Cup betting:— 100 to IB against Com motion ; 100 to 12 against Lo Grand : 100 to 8 each against Martini-Henry and Despot ; 100 to 7 Off Colour. Among the horses doing good work at Rand wick are Commotion, The Broker, Le Grand, Martini-Henry, Despot, Salvo, Bargo, Iolanthe Tremando, Sweet William, Sardonyx, Buck ingham, Bolera, Favo, Jessie, Morceau, King's Own, Stockdale, Morpoth, Exchange, Phyllis, and First Demon. ' 