Literary Notes. Mr. Edwin Arnold's ' Light of Asia1' is being trans lated into Bengali, and is also likely to be reproduced in India in a Sanskrit version. The illustrated book which Messrs. Caatto and Windus are bringing out, ' English Caricature under Napoleon I.,' ought to be of great interest. GUlray web by no means alone in depicting the various popular conceptions of the Corsican ogre. ' Caleb Cartbew' is the title of anew work by Mr. Silas E. Hocking, which will be published by Messrs. Warnc and Co. early in August. The volume will contain a steel portrait of the author, whose previous books have had a large sale. Messrs. Routledge have recently issued three more volumes of the ' Morley's Universal Library' series : Butler's 'Analogy of Religion,'' Dryden's 'Virgil,'* and Sir Walter beott's 'Demonology and Witch craft.' The books published in this useful edition are well printed on good paper end handsomely bound. The price is one shilling each. In the Genealogist for July, Mr. John A. C. Vincent will conclude his memoir of Wanley and commence an important 'Calendarium Genealogicum,' ex tracted from the Inquisitions temp. Edward II. Among the other contributions are: 'A Diary of Travel in 1647-8,' ' Oliver Cromwell's Descent from the Steward Family,' 'The Barony of Roger Arun del,' ' Sir Francis Knollys,' and a characteristic letter from Ulster King of Arms- on ' Queen Eliza beth at Helmingham.' Mr. Henry C. Lockwood, a prominent New York lawyer, has just completed a work entitled 'The Abolition of the Presidency.'1 The writer proposes to save the Republic by abolishing the presidency. The evolution ol the 'one-man idea,'' and the threatened dangers hence arising to the Republic, are reported to be sketched throughout his argument in strong colours. This idea will go hand-Jin- hand with Mr. Gladstone's idea of abolishing the Lords, and as equally as the proposal of Mr. Marriott to give the Premier a place in the Upper House by right, so that he might speak both in the Upper %nd Lower. Mr. John Murray announces 'Passages in the Military Life of General Sir George Ik Hapier, nar rated by himself for his children, and edited by his son, General William C. E. Napier.' Also, ' A Magis trate's Experiences of the Indian Mutiny,'' bv Sir. Mark Thornhill j ' A Complete Dictionary of Hymnology,' edited by the. Rev. John Julian ; 'Men of Invention and Industry,' by Dr. Samuel . Smiles ; and the ' Life of William Carey (1761-1834), Shoemaker and Missionary/' by Dr. George Smith. The editor of the 'Encyclopaedia Britahnica, ' says the Pall Mall Gazette, should keep a sharp eye on the contributions of the gentleman who signs H.M.S., and who, on page 853 of the latest volume, concludes ? a biographical notice of the eldest , son of Louis Philippe by stating that he died at Naples ia 1812 from the fatigues of a campaign in Algiers. One of Mr; Myers's ghost-seers in the current number of the Nineteenth Gentttry knows better - in this instance than 'the 'Encyclopaedia Britannica; ' for she saw him die in bis bed at Paris, after his fatal carriage acci dent, all the way from Gloucestershire,; and two days before she read in the newspaper the announcement of bis death. ' \- The Fall Mall Gazette says : Mr. Ludlow proposes to ) issue in monthly numbers, each containing a complete play, a reprintPf the First Folio (1623), which remains, after all said and done, the toast indispensable of- all editions of Shakspeare to the students of Ms text Several reproductions of the First Folio are already in existence— Mr* Staunton's folio facsimile, a reduced facsimile published by Messrs. Gha'to and Windus/ and at least one literal reprint '{Booth's)— Uat none is ? - '- -i :^: , ;-7 :','* *.-Vi..K-.' --'y-.-^ ?':-'? - -V :'J-' .... ,:.-'.-*. ?,..,'? ^~::. „.' . .a. Y~ . so readable as the neat and well-printed edition of ' Hamlet.' ' The publisher's advertisement attributes to Charles Knight the somewhat startling paradox that, ?'all things considered, there never was a book so correctly, printed as the First Folio ot Shakspeare.' Without speculating upon the considerations which led Mr. Knight to this conclusion, we may at least admit that there never -was a book whose misprints were so interesting ; and in the present tasteful and (so far as *we have tested it) accurate reproduction they may be studied with ease and profit. ^ Mr. A. A. Beade (says a London paper) is a bold man. He has undertaken to guide the steps of the neophyte along the thorny paths of journalism. ' Many an aspirant,' he says, ' for journalistic fame is at a loss to set about the realisation of his ambition, and a good handbook or guide affording trustworthy information as to the qualifications necessary for each branch of the journalistic profession has not hitherto been available.' Quite so, Mr. Keade. But some editors might say that ' aspirants for journalistic fame*' were quite able to find their own way— to the waste- psper basket. Mr. Reade is a journalist himself. He knows -vhat poets and novelists drink, and whether they prefer choiee Havanah to an jounce of shag. He has told us which of them like tea, and whether they take it with milk and sugar. If his new venture is as interesting as these, we wish him luck. Mr. Thomas Woolner's new poem, 'Silenus,' is published. The author tells his story ia two parts. The first deals with the ripe youth of Silenus and th2 sorrow that brings him low, and is told in six baoks, namely — Pan, Death of Syrinx. Return of Silenus, Punishment of Pan, Sorrow of Silenus, Dionysus. In the 6econd part, Silenus appears in his degrada tion, the companion of elewas and satyrs, for whose amusement he sings and prophesies. His prayer to Pallas for death is given. It is then told how he«u n mons the nymphs to join Dionysus ia his march to the land of the Edones- The failure of J)ionysus and the death of Silenus are then described, the psem. ending with a threnody over the fate of Silenus. A remarkable book was sold at Messrs. Sotheby's for £980. It is a M.S. of 257 folio leaves of vellum, written in the 15th century, and is a chronicle of the early history of Normandy. Nothing can exceed the minute delicacy of the miniatures with which it has bsen embellished, from the first of them, which represents the arrival of Duke JLollo at Rouen, to the last, which re presents the siege of Ckalus, where Richard Cccur de Lion received his death- wound from an arrow shot by Bertrand de Gourdon. The series includes the death of Edward the Confessor and the coronation of Harold, the landing of William the Conqueror, the ' battle of Hastings, the carrying of Harold's body to Waltham Abbey, the funeral of William, and the coronation of Rufus by Archbishop Lanfranc— all executed in the highest style of Burgundian art and with the minutest attention to every detail of archi tecture, costume, and armour. Although little has hitherto been heard about it we believe that one of the greatest of recent artistic book successes is Audrey's ' Ornamental Arts of Japan,' now being published in four parts by Messrs. Sampson Low, Marston, and Co. This work will contain when complete a large number of the finest specimens of colour-printing andjother illustrations which Paris can produce. Messrs. Sampson .Low' and Co. have in vested some thousands of pounds in the work, aad their confidence appears to have been justified by the fact that of the edition of 1800 copies, at 12 guineas each, only two or three hundred remain unsold, and their price has been increased M 15 guineas. An American house purchased over £10,000 worth of copies, and of the 100 copies of the edition deluxe at 20 guineas each every one was sold before Part I. of the work appeared. The plates of the work are destroyed as each part is printed ; two parts have ap peared. The elaborate and high-class nature of the colour-printing places the work beyond the reach of the American book -pirates. 