Gawler Political Science Association. On Thursday eveuiug a jr 10.I nunber of members turned up at the Political Science Association meeting, and much interest was manifested in the proceedings. The Picsi- <lent oceunicd the chair. MTXUTES. Minutes of last meeting read ami confirmed. SEW MEMBERS. Six new members were proposed and received. PRESIDENT S ADDUBSS. Mr. JAS. MARTIX, J.P., the president of the society, delivered his inaugural address. After thanking them for the honor they had done him in electing him president of the association — more especially as it was understood that they did not expect hisn to attend every meeting, though he could assure them it would be a pleasure to attend at all times whenever his health and circumstances would permit. (Hear, hear.) He thought they had acted wisely in forming an association on ljrcad principles instead of confiuing their deliberations to one item or one subject of political economy ; although the subject was doubtless of first importance or was gaiuiug first position iu the minds of thinking men—he referred to the laud question. (Hear, hear.) He quite coincided in the decision that fiad been arrived at by the gentlemen forming that association, that the first question to be discussed should be the desirability of stoppiug the further sale of the Crown lands. The repurchase of that already sold was a very much more difficult question to decide, and would tak j a great deal of consideration before they could cone to a satisfactory conclusion on the point. As their society was now formed it would allow men of all shades of opinion to join them, and so the question could be discussed from all standpoints. Then the question of land nationalization might become threadbare iu a small community like theirs, and so they could take up other subjects that might be of great importance to the community at large. There was taxation, immigration, free trade and protection ; and in connection with that the various means of increasing their products. In reference to taxation it was natural that every one wanted to get rid of taxation if they could, and they would try to rid the burden on to some others, consequently it would (always be a debatable subject. Then there was immigration—whether it •was thought they should go on expending money to bring people out here for the benefit of the other colonies—(hear, hear)— because he knew people in the other colonies were sending to their friends here to nominate their friends from the old country to this colony, and after they arrived here they went to the other colonies, and they ought to consider whether that system should continue. Free trade and protection was a matter that was of great importance. While they bad been going on growing wheat, and people bad been getting land to the extent they had, they had lost sight of a great many things that were of considerable iin- E ortance. He thought people were now eginning to wake up to that, and these things would assume greater importance than in times past. Then in reference to general politics they might consider matters of local government. They could take into consideration the action of the corporations and district councils, because their actions often had a great effect iu either nuking or marring their pleasure. At any rate all those things were within the limits of their constitution, and consequently they would do no harm by looking at them occasionally. The Register in a sub-leader commenting on the meeting that took place when they decided to form the association took exception to the remark he made—" That Gawler bad no particnlar interests to serve." What he meant was that Gawler had no local interests detrimental to the general welbeing of the colony. (Hear, hear.) He maintained that what was good for the colony was good for Gawler, and vice versa. With regard to the subject of debate it appeared to him that it would be well on subjects of importance not to bring them to a conclusion in one night. Under any circumstances it would be well to have some rules and standing orders for regulating their debates, lie again thanked them for the honor they had d«ne him, and hoped his health would admit of his attending their deliberations very often. STOPPAGE OF SALE OF CROWN LAXDS. Mr. W. It. LEWIS, in introducing the subject of the "Stoppage of the further sale of Crown Lands," thought it was not necessary for him to say much, as he believed there would be little or no opposition. He would propose "That steps be taken in connection with the Kapnnda Society to endeavor as far as in their power lies to prevent all further sale of Crown Lauds." He thought he might divide the public generally into three classes, viz., those who believed in Land Nationalization ; those who did not; and those who had not made up their minds. He thought the whole three would agree with his proposition. Those who were in favor of Land Nationalization would say, " This is the thin end of the wedge, and if we get this by-and-by we shall get land nationalization." Those who did not approve of it would say, " Well, this is a delusion and a snare, it will never be successful, the leasing of Crown Lands is full of defects; it will lead to corruption and jobbsry, and we will go in for it, but it is a parcel of rubbish, and you will soon see what it will come to.Then those who had not made up their minds would say, "Now, here is a chance to put the matter on its trial, and so we will go iu for it therefore he did not contemplate much opposition. He saw in the papers the other day that a gentleman stated that ownership in land was not a monopoly. Now, that gentleman could not have studied the matter much, for they could not increase their laud. They might increase their horses, &c.;, bui they could not increase their land, and he thought if anyone studied the way that land increased in value in cities they would see that it was not only a monopoly, but a very powerful one. (Hear, hear.) Supposing they referred to the three great countries that were usually brought before them with regard to the land laws—Ireland, Scotland, and England. When he learned his geography Irland had a population of S,000,000 ; Scotland, 6,000,000 ; and England and Wales, 16,000,000. If they referred to their geography books that day they would find Ireland had 5,000,000 ; Scotland, 3,000,000 ; and England, 32,000,000; thus Ireland and Scotland had about half their population, and England and Wales had doubled theirs, that was speaking in round numbers. Now, all three of these countries had the same land laws ; how then could it be said that the land laws had brought about the extraordinary state of things. He confessed he could not see through the whole of it, but it might be explained as follows:—Let them take a farmer in each county, and they each raise say 1,000 bags of wheat off their holdings ; 500 of it will go to the landlord for rent. The Scotch and Irish landlords live ia England, and their respective lots of 503 bags are collected and sent over to England, and the eonsequenee was that the other two counties were impoverished to the extent of the amount sent away, and the man left in the county has only 509 bags to spend in his place. The man iu England, on the contrary while he had to raise the same amount and had to give his 500 bags, was better off, because the whole of his thousand bags were spent in the place, which increased the trade and improved matters very much in that neighborhood, and not only so, but he had a share of the two lots of 500 bags sent from Ireland and Scotland. That seemed to him to point out one of the greatest evils of private ownership of land, and which might he said to arise from three things—from allowijig a man to have uio:« than his share ; from allowing a few people to own t-lie whole of the couutry, which certainly was not right, because having to great a scope of country it was neglected and •was not cultivated—but more important than all, they did not live upon it. (Hear, hear.) Now, if owners were not allowed, to have too much, and were forced to live on it or near it, or in the same country then the ends of private ownership wonld not be so much felt, and it would effect absenteeism. Land must admitted to be a monoplv, and the question arose "Who is to be the monopoliser They might say they would monop di/.e it themselves. Very well, by tiiat th<:y W.JUM become the national owners of the land—the land monoply being held by the people—and that was land nationalization pure and simple. All the railways were not yet made that would be made in the colony, and then there were water conservations schemes, all of which would make the land more valuable, aud he considered they should try aud becone monopolizers of the laud, and so have the benefit of the unearned increment. He thought it would cost an enormous amount of money to get the land already purchased back again. It would not do to follow Henry George in all his ideas, as he suggested the taking away of the land fro.n the present owners, who had paid for it. They could have no nation alizatiou of the unless they paid fairly for what had been sold, and, therefore, let them, a9 the Americans would say, run the two systems side by side and prove io their own satisfaction the relative value of the two, and if they found the leasiug of land would be cumbersome and would not work they could drop it, but if they found, as he believed they would, it to answer then it should be carried. (Applause.) He thought that was practical politics, and there was nothing to prevent the Parliament from passing a small Act prohibiting the further sale of Crown Lands. (Applause.) He noticed by the debates that at last some of the members of Parliament were begining to look into land nationalization, aud he thought if a petition was got up and largely signed they would have something done, and all who were in favor of it should join heartily iu the matter. (Loud applause.) Mr. W. LOVERIDGE seconded the proposition. Mr. J. N. 1'ICHARDS supported, and did not think they would have much difficulty in the matter, for there was a strong feeling in the country that they had gone far enough in alienating their Crown Lands. There were in round numbers still iu possession of the Crown, not even selected, 231,000,000 acres of land, and surely that was large enough estate for anyone to deal with, and there was plenty of room to try whether state ownership in land was wise or not. He then instanced the land in the vicinity of the Nairne liue as increasing enormously in value through the railway, and said that increased value should go into the hands of the State. They knew what vested interests ment, and the longer they went on the worse position they would be in. They had just passed in the House of Assembly a clause giving the same privilege to substituted residents as personal residents, and he asked if that was not simply playing into the hands of monopolists. It was their duty in 'this early stage in the colony's history to prevent any monopoly in land at all. Mr. C. W. NIQUET supported the resolution, aud referred to the large number of farmers who had left the neighborhood of Gawler, the laud being held now by squatter kings. He quoted from the ]}i»j>st/>r re th Highland crofters and Woodside mines, and pointed out the necessity there was for energetic action being taken. Mr. J. B. BROOKS said from what he could gather from the chairman it appeared to him that they were too late, for all the valuable land was disposed of. (The CHAIR- MAN—I did not say that.) Well, they might say so. Fully 20 years ago Mr. Cummings delivered a lecture on the question, and even then some men went so far as to say it was too late. (A VOICE— Mr. George Warren did.) Mr. T. J. BEN.-sox thought the principle advocated was a good one, and that it would eventually lead to land nationalization. He had just thought of the Government of Peru previous to its discovery by the Spanish, and it was stated that the paternal Government was a model one for any Government. All the land there belonged to the State, and they appointed periodically a ruler, and also a committee of 1 supporters to that ruler, who were ap- ; pointed to confer with the ruler in all matters pertaining to the welfare of the State. The result was—no family was allowed to starve ; no man was allowed to monopolise the land, i because it belonged to tlic State. That was the true sense of paternal Government, and they were now awakening up to the want of it here. Mr. G. ROBERTS thought the stopping of the further sale of Crown Lands was the only wise and safe course to follow. Some had talked about it bringing a revolution, but he was afraid the present coufse it' followed wonld bring a revolution. It came simply to this—That people could not live without the land, and if a certain number of people held that land the rest of the population took their subsistence at the leave of the landholders, and the time of trouble might come here jnst as in Ireland and Scotland. It was not the fault of the' landholders, but the fault of the condition of things that allowed such things, and while he did not blame the landlords he most emphatically blamed the system that allowed such a state of things to exist. As the cry had gone forth in America that no man had a right of private ownership in man, so, as land was the means of life, the time would come when the cry would be in use in respect to private ownership iu land. He heartily supported the proposition, (Applause.) An attempt was here made by Mr. Congreve to get the debate adjourned, but his motion was lost, the chairman declaring amid applause that the " Noes" had it. The debate was resumed by Mr. B. E. DELAXD, who said it was just as well to have opposition, though he was not in opposition. (Laughter.) There was, however, the ghost of an opposition present. (Laughter,) With reference to the point raised—whether it was too late to move in the matter—he thought if they looked at the Gazette notices which appeared in reference to the Crown Lands being offered for sale they would see it was not too late. He thought it would have been a good thing if that movement had taken place two years ago, then the country would have been saved from one of the greatest swindles that ever took place, for it appeared as if the whole of the Parliament fell into a trap with respect to the concessions to selectors. They had lost something like a million of money—(cries of No, no),—well he was not far wrong, for it was not only what had been done but necessarily what was being now proposed to be done. (Applause.) Mr. E. CLEMENT, J.P., believed all wealth came from the land, and laws should be made that would place most men on the land. He was in favor of stopping the sale of Crown Lands. Mr. H. J. CO.V<.;REVE rose to oppose the proposition. He did not believe the story of Peru, and proceeded to instance Egypt as a case of land nationalization, and drew a gloomy picture of the state of that country. The only feasible reason put forward was that land was getting monopolised, hut that would work its own cure. (A Voice—So it is doing.) Let them wait for another ten years, and they would see that these large estates would be again distributed. (No, no.) On the motion of Mr. J. F. MAUTIX the debate was adjourned for a fortnight. Six new members were admitted. NEW JJCKIXEsiS. The following notices of motion were given for the next meeting, it being understood that they be dealt witli in the order given :— By Mr. J. F. MARTIN —"That this association consider the question of a railway to Angaston." By Mr. E. CLEMENT—" That a petition be prepared to the Government asking them during the recess to revise the t a rill' with a view to give some encouragement to local industries." By Mr. C. W. NJCQUET—"That this association discuss the question of the best way to repurchase the alienated land in South Australian." By Mr. J. K. RICHARDS—" That this association is iu favor of payment of members." We know that there is nothing on earth equal to "]) Bitters as a family medicine. Look for. 