THE RUINED INN. A LEGEND OF THE HAWKESBURY, By thb Author Of The Bride of Bebnback.. I. 1 remember one gloomy day, about the close of a pro tracted Australian autnmn-— perhaps, I shonldeay, as a matter of fact, about the commencement of an unusually disagreeable and dreary winter— when, in the middle of shortened days, fora week or so previous, there had been several brief intervals of rather unwholesome warmth, generally followed by evenings that were decidedly damp and chill; these quick atmospheric changes being further succeeded by nights made clear and keen with frost) or else rendered utterly cheerless by blinding tain with (of without) ? an impenetrable fog. On the occasion to which 1 am \- alluding, neither shower nor watery vapour seemed at first iikely to be developed wnen uayugbt began to fade ; only, towards dusk, a depressing stillness, that could almost be felt— accompanied by a strange mttdness of temperature gave warning ot an approaching shift of weather. As darkness closed in, however, the wide, sombre-hued forests of the everlasting eucalyptus^ stretching for miles around, bordering on the quiet bays of the Broadwater, and reach* ing away to the topmost heights of a steep range at the back of my residence— all became swiftly enshrouded in the pall of a thick, rolling mist; but hill and dale and lake, for awhile, remained unstirred by ro much as even a breath of the impending storm, which, at that season - dt the year, so often sweeps in upon us, furiously enough— invading us, suddenly, all along our rugged and precipitous coast, from the miscalled Pacific. Everywhere the solemn face of Nature was veiled and still, as if in death or in expectancy ; that weird silence being unbroken, except (now and then) by the wild piercing shrieks of some wandering curlew, or by Ibe low wailing cries of swan or sea-bird Wthe wing, soar ing, on its unknown course, far overhead, into the shadowy region of night. ' . ^ It was no night for star-gazing, or. for smoking on the front verandah— much less oneT in which it could be at all desirable for the sobs and daughters of Adam to go abroad; andyetmy wife and th6 children.at 7 o'clock, were all dressed ready to walk down to our village, a mile -or two away, there to be present at some absurd rural demonstration— an expedition which struck me forcibly as being nothing more orleEi than a moderate and genial form of lunacy. What the particular attraction was, I do not now remember; either, a concert or a tea meeting in favour of the funds of au impossible Mutual Improvement Society, or some pro jected school picnic— perhaps both. Hy melancholy vaticinations, however, like those of sad Cassandra or sar castic Micsiah of old, being evidently unwelcome, were sure to be perversely disregarded ; -- and so I simply con tented myself by observing to Sydney Bourke— at that time staying with us at Mona 'Vale for jf few days— 'Mark roe, there wUl be a very decided change before long.** To which (weamerwise and prudent) my guest merely assented by a silent nod. « You don't mean to say that it is Ming to rain to-night ?' said nly dissentient wife, Indignantly. To which I nierely answered tcurtly»jitl most emphatically), 'Yes.' But, as 1 spoke, Meveral bright, youthful faces became overclouded with disappointment, and my .meteorological progaotttcations, I saw, were silently condemned as unreliable. . 'Tdotfi think It will nan,' said the good-natured mater dogmatically. Whereupon, .. all the young faces near us, as if r by axchantment, cleared up again ; *od it was, of course, carried, nmitu edntradi' emle,that they would all go.'. -So away they went; and Trithoutanyfurtheropi-OMtionfromme. ' Since I have been enrolled as an observing member of- Harry BusaeU'e Volunteer Brigade I mustoonfess J. do rather value myself as a weather prophet— one whose experienced dictum, in such matters, has gradually assumed a certain value and local importance. Therefore I calmly let them all depart, knowing well that it would prove a good lesson; but] promptly made up a cheerful are of big logs on the broad :- nearuvin the back room, and I sat before it with my old friend fo^a long; comfortable, unmterrupted chat. ' I need hardly tell the reader fliat we had much to say to each other, as we .sat there together-in'thal' queer, cozy, old-fashioned apartment, listening to the rain, which, after an hout'dr two, .began to faU— first gently, and then mote . and more heavily, fctitil it irraduallybecame i not merely a wmdle8sdowh)^nrbntthevanraara,asit were, of aw^ ctorm from the eastward,5aBnea in successive, whirling gusto against the house, or rushing andjroaringpast us, or Above up, through tjteljendingjtTOBS.^ For awhile we^rew briUianl picture of those; ?unny;iBles_ifli®e ?Great'South 6ee,*- endeared to us 'botK, where we had, yean before, renewed and cemented a friendship dating almost from boy . hood. We exchanged thoughts and reminisoences of toe unspeakably noble scenery from the lofty and richly wooded mountaijis of Qrnkui looking down over Levuka, once the mimic capital of a yonng island kingdom-^ with its lovely , reef -ennircled harbour, the still, sparkling, light green waters »f which are so often to -be seen shaded with deep purple, baying beyond them a wide spaoeof dark blue, foam-tipped waves, -intervening between ;the entrance to *he?ort and the high verdant hills of Wakaia, Goro lying to the left injJheactxane 4istsnt»T-its outlines barely dm ttnguiahabJB fr*m jhe sky ; and then away to the right (across 4fa2«eezyQvalau Passage) Uie ho**, shuply denned heights ^fifiau. Or we wet© oaceUiiore^Qiimingin the ' : never-to-be-foi^)tten- seduded yslleyof Uvoni, with ite deep, bright ,*iv*r. winding amongst 0o $*lm - trees, its ipaciboaiand b«utfrol fdantations, and its grar» tower-like rooks^lalkxngjurfliariy to the grand old barbarian King (now passed away) and to bis faUufql European' Ministers, whose merits havejbeen basdyidealt with, or enviously denied, but whose aames will yet find a high and honour able place in the impartial page of history. Glorious dreams of independence and hopeful visions of .a yet more realised prosperity were those— all destined to be followed by shame anS -sharp disappointment; by long yean of tyrannical and imbecile mismansgemeot; bv misery, by poverty, and -by political and social death, Our conversa tion, at length, took a grayer torn, and (influenced, perhaps, V the «I«ffleaUl efrifr without) ?** then dieociamd on the night-side of nature, exchangfog onr own aefeostl ex pBiiences in matters ind things from which tin veil it seldom lifted, even fay the cautious hand -of ftteaii&toi; Aai «s I heaped fresh logi upon the failing fire (ere the squall, in some degree, abated) ant my family returned, late, drenched to the skin) my friend reoonnted to me the inex* plkaWe story I here present to my readers aa a ?* Legend of the Hawkesbury.' Of course, I am well aware that by most people it will be utterly disbelieved, it being the fashion now-a-days always to discredit what One cannot olearly understand. Stillv I would take leave to remind all brother sceptics mat it may sometimes be well to suspend oneV^uagment, because 'there are more things in heaven and earth than are dreamt of in your philosophy.' Often before had I listened whilst (hat mysteriously haunted spot alluded to had been spoken of, but never had I heard certain strange circumstances insisted upon more earnestly, or more clearly and forcibly described, than they were -when placed before me that eveninar. I shall therefore give my friend's story of %The Ruined Inn,' as nearly as 1 can in the narrators own words. 'In the month of October, as long ago as 1859, I was down from Sydney, near Barrenjuey, on a flihingexoursion, in the Surprise, with a small party of friends ; and a very pleasant, jovial time we bad of it— whether catching schnapper off the mouth of the Hawkesbury, or shooting* smoking, and otherwise amusing ourselves— with cheerful idleness, or persistent, laughing energy— on board my little, yacht, at anchor on the long, landlocked reaches of Pitt water ; or rambling noisily (careless and fancy free) through the wooded glades on either side of that spapious and pic turesque inlet; or visiting and celebrating rude picnics at Collins' Cave, on old Father Thtehy's land, close to, but quite sheltered fromv the rebounding waves; or, perchance, clambering adventurously to the windy, dizzy tops of some of those bold, precipitous headlands which stand fast (like stony coast- guards or ever-watchful sentinels) to the south of Broken Bay— there, to my mind, remaining mutely suggestive of the dim, prehistoric era of Captain Cook, to whose invention -and sagacity that well known deep, irregular bend of the shore there abouts is said to be indebted for its significantly expressive name. Ah, how happv we were ; how gay and thoughtless even the oldest and steadiest amongst us ! How distinctly alT those bright days come back to me to-night! The joyous song, the merry jest, the sparkling anecdote, and the reck less word-shaft, shot at a venture, but withal very \- swift and sententious'— each one let fly, like a random bolt, launched by oneof the wise and witty Fools of Shak speare ! And to think that all, or Very nearly all, of the faces of those' companions are bnt 'Dream-faces' now, greatlion of that little party, the intellectual giant of them all, has, as \ou are well aware, years ago, left this sphere for the Land of Shadows. That finished comedian, that dictinguishtd tragedian, that spotless, gallant gentleman, whose last recorded thought was a calm, kind message for us— for his ' friends in Australia.' Ops of the noblest, beat known, most talented (and by no means least beloved) of the many brave, heroic ones— of either sex, and never to be for gotten— who went down, on a wild, stormy night like tnis, in'o the whirling depths of the pitiless Atlantic, at the loss of the London It My dear Melfort, I do not belong to the Anci«nt Faith, but I never can think of him and them, to this day, without a heart-throb and an agonised prayer. God rest all those poor Christian souls ; and may He spare us such a sad and terrible fate as that which overtook them and our gifted and high-minded friend — Guetavus Brooke!' Here there was a brief pause for a few moments; during which my guest, much moved, vainly struggled for the mastery of bis thoughts, while the dock on the mantel piece seemed, as I thought, to tick more loudly than usual, Then he went on: .' Brooke had been playing, in some of bis leading cha racters, to crowded houses at the Viotoria j but having got, somehow, into one of his gloomy, careless moods, I had} with some ado, prevailed upon him to join our festive party for a change ; and thoroughly, to my intense satisfaction, did he enjoy himself. With him came also a few other ohoibe spirits, all of whom are now dead, except a clever law students-young 6xxxx,*now» as you know, one of the leading members of the outer bar in Sydney — the only one, besides myself, who has not gone over to the majority. Poor Harry Dobson, too, 1 remember, was one of us ; an honest brother , In the mystic cratt, Melfort, who could do everything but make his fortune in this workaday world. Silent, good-natured, and oblieing, be was rathes in awe of the great tragedian, whom 1 believe he looked upon as one of the greatest men lie had ever met ; treasuring up his abruptly spoken words and wo-dering at his old ways and his terse, weighty sayings, in which the grave wisdom of the philosopher was quaintly mingled with the guileless simplicity of a child. He was standing near Brooke, reverently, when I went up on the dealt of the Surprise, one lovely spring evening, just after sunset,- towards the end of our cruise ; whilst Brooke (smoking like a steam-engine) was leaning, thoughtfully; -on the after-hatch ; watching a fire which had been kindled on the shore at Soldier's Beach, on the eastern side of Pittwater, about 100 yards away from the spot where the yacht was lying at anchor. ' * What fire is that?' said Brooke to me, «s I came to where he was and stood beside him» ' I told htm that it was, doubtless, the campfire of that «nffl«ng old vagabond, Major Lee, the Gipsy Fisherman, a rather Temarkable character, one in whose original, eooen trio ways our chief guest often seemed to take a strange delight, unconsciously making them, as I suppose, a sort of histrionic study. . ' 'Let us goand see the old fellow,' said Brooke, ' and get a good stiff yam out of him. It will pass the time away for an hour or two pleasantly, till it is time to turn in. And I say, Commodore, we must take the old villain a bottle or two of brandy, you. knew ; nothing like brandy to stimulate the memory and to loosen the'tongue.' : u The proposition was nosooner made thanitwas willingly adopted and acted upon. The boat was got out, and our whole party immediate}/ adjourned to Xee's el fretco quarters, where-we- found the ?Major' and his staff lying instate near a big fire— all sheltered frem the raw evening wind by a rude fence of boughs,' on the southern side of the camp. . . - ??Major Lee^wasfc dark, stout, strongly built veteran ; a semi- savage, of the true Zingari type, who had, if all that was said of him were true, once been a prizefighter, but who, in bis vigorous old Age, had come down (should I not rather say risen r) to the more peaceful grade or avocation of a fisherman— when he chose to be anything at ell. Be hal been brought out to Tasmania, years before, by Admiral 'Souse, as a kind of personal attendant, or'groom ; and he liked Australia, far too-well ever again to leave it. He- must; at the time of which I am speaking, have 'teen about 66 lyears of age ; but was much more active and bardy than many a much younger Imanin the whole Iotoftis. I am afraid that I must re luctantly admit that he was a graceless old reprobate, but immensely shrewd and entertaining; and the restless, searching eyes and swarthy features of the ex-gladiator soon lighted tip iphen we jomed bis motley squad and he had been freshened with a glass of grog. With him was bis only, son, Jimmy Lee ; an inferior phlegmatic sort of man, of about 30 years ; chiefly conspicuous, as far as 1 can remember, he was for his 'long flashes of silence.' Andalong with the Lees there were two other persons:— a half-witted, middle-aged nondescript, known as ?Gibbey ;' and a short, pale-faced boy, of about 12 years or so, who answered to 'die name of 'Jack,' but Of whom, besides that, I know nothing whatever— except that he generally (whenever the Lees ventured down from Yaucluse to fish at Barrenjuey) used to steer the old Gipsy's boat, end otherwise deftly to obey the orders of the Major, not always, by the way, couched in the Queen's best parlour English. As Major Lee waxed garrulous, this youth sat (or rather squatted) sear hie master, and stared at the aged vagabond, like a frightened hound; watching, evidently, for any gesture of . command with a blind devotion which would, of course, be ike sodtaand titter csntempt of the finished larrikin of the present flay; but which I thought, at . the time, rather keenly suggestive of occasional sharp chastisement with a tope's end, or stout stick, or something of that sort. Brooke, having flung himself down in a royal attitude iipon en opossum rug. lay smoWag dreamily by tha fire, listening whilst we led the « Major* on to tell us some of his astounding yarns of grim old, lawless days, such as one seldom hears anywhere now. Lee's story, of ? The Buinei Ion* on the Hawkesbury, below Haycock Beach, is about the only one I can sow recollect. ToU, as it was, by the nickering light of a canjp fire, in fiiateolltary place, it was both etartling and oftecnve. How much actosi truth there was i&fe; I cannot instead to deeK*. I only know It.made a deep tm Wwsbn npoh tfle *t the time-« it was, fio doubt, inttndedttiattt.sheula. , ? ? . . . A ? '? ? No, t can't say,* said the dd infidel Or Agnostic, as we should, perhaps, tnbre politely tefm him ntfwadsys— ? ?' I really can't say as I know much about religion, because, you see, I never had any; and, what's mow, I never wanted any— none of my people ever did. We believe ?hat w8 kfiow-that we live, ana die. end rot, when the proper time comes, like the trees and the dogs ; and fiia^l all about it. Fire ? No; I can't say as we do worship fire— not even a good one. What would be the use of it f When we Gipsies wants a fire, we make a.fire-with what ever comes handy, and for whatever comes handy; and when we have done with that fire (if it don't happen to be cold, and we don't happen to be drunk) we puts it out. Leastways, I always do. The Devil, genUemen? The Devil, did you say? He bed—. No? And why not? Don't the parsons all toll yon what his self-willed clever ness and upstart pride brought him to? Oh, he is damned; that's for certain— if anything is certain. He's damned already ; and, I say, it sarved him right, for be should have minded himself, and have kep' a good place when he had ft. I baVt got no pity for him at all. He is done for, all out ; and it ain't no go&d;, as I can see* for us to be fretting about him. But there is a something, gentlemen, for all that, after death : and a dark and a terrible something that is too. Jack, my kinchin, if I catch thee a-listening to my patter, hy golly, I'll quilt thee smartly; I'll give thee as good a hiding as ever thou's stood under in all thee born days ! Don't bb stuck there with yer chops open like a sleepy cat ! Go down to the beach, you young fool, and mind Mr. Brooke's boat; for the tide's a*coming in fast, and she'll be a-drif ting right on to the snags. Be off, 1 Say {' at once. Now then, I feels easier, I can't abide them bits of boys a-hankering after men's talk. And I don't care, gentle men, to be telling you this here yarn before that there kid, for he seen it as well as me; and old Gibbey here, he seen it too. And both Gibbey and Jim likewise seen the same thing— or pretty much the same— at another time ; one fine starlight evening, just like this, about two years ago, when they was a coming down on the river, in a boat below Haycock Beach. Why, they all knows it ; knows only too well. Everybody knows it hereabouts, and all along the river. There ain't no man from the Lighthouse up to Wiseman's— aye, or from Barrenjuey up to Windsor itself, that *ud dare to camp alone for one short summer's night under the mouldering walls of. The Green Man Public House. They knows better than that* It wouldn't do. The place is haunted ; and that's a fact. Murder, I'm told, was done there, and many other horrid, shameful deeds such ss few men care even to talk about ; done' there, so they say, long years ago, at that accursed place — the Ruined Inn near Green Point— not far from the mouth of the Mangrove.' ' * Where is that?' growled Brooke. ' ' A matter of 40 miles away from here,' said Harry Dobson, timidly. * Up in the Hawkesbury River, Sir— on the Brisbane Water side— 10 miles or bo, I should say, above Peate's Ferry.' ' * Dobson, I must certainly get you made a member of theEoyal Geographical Society,' said Brooke, in a stage aside * I must indeed.' 11 Poor Harry, all abashed, collapsed instantly ; and then the ' Major' told his tale— pretty much as 1 will now try to repeat it. It was a curious thing to xotice how, as he warmed up, he unconsciously dropped most of his rude pro vincialisms, and expressed himself neatly and grammati cally, just as he might, possibly, have onoe been gradually taught to do in other times when in daily contact with the Admiral and other educated persons, before he developed into the sturdy, privileged vagrant that he undoubtedly was.' Chapter II. GIPSY LEE THE FISHERMAN'S STORY. A cask of rum had been brought down from Sydney, by the Mary Jane, bound for Newcastle ; and she had left it below there, on the beach near the ' Customs,' for Bill the Publican at Wiseman's. With that cask was left the usual rigmarole, or permit, to show it was ell on the square; and word came to me, at the same time, to say I was to shove that cask up the river, as soon as- possible ; for that at the inn above there— at the Upper Ferry— they had run clean out of grog. Bill is an old pal of mine, you must xnow, and his money I always found sure and good ; so, of course, I kid out to attend to the matter at onoe. And with that cask there was, I mind, a big parcel, of some goods or other, for old Jackson's people up at St. Alban's, which 1 was,, likewise, to take to Bill's, and to leave at Wiseman's Ferry in his charge, until they could come for it down the 'MaoDon&td.; WelL I left my son Jim faereaboute a-euring of fish (we had had a very good haul of them a day or two before, gentlemen), and off I starts in the old boat there, with Gibbey and Jack : and wegete that blessed cask, end the bundle too, aboard without loss of time, and then away we goes, with a fair wind, past Croppy Point, right up the river... We slipped up to Wiseman's at a rattling1 pace, I can tell you, for the wind never slackened out of our sails for one moment— not all the time that we were out on the river : and I handed over the cask and the panel to Bill, andy what's more, I sot the cash for it ; and then we all eat down to a first-class dinner at the pub— after all had been settled between us. Bill ses to me, see he, *' Major, you'd better stophewandmakeanightofit' But I ses to him, 'No; the wind¥as changed, and seems baund to change more yet. If it stands just about what it is for two orjhree hours, I may have a good slant down the river back again— per- vided it doesn't get too rough all together, and slew round to the westaud. I'll be off at once, Bill,' ses I, ' thank you, kindly, just the same.' And so off I went We started pretty early that afternoon, and ran smartly down the four big bends of the river, next below. Wise* man's ; but when we. turned the corner, and got round the long point near the month of the Mangrove the wind failed us altogether ; and there was nothing for us but to take the oars ana pull as hard as we could, leaving-tiie voung oub at the rudder to steer; and Urn that lazy, after the big dinnerne had had, that he was more than half asleep. The young lubber, in his clumsiness, had kicked over the pan nikin of water aft; so that we hadn't a drop of water to drink, and Gibbey and me were both thirsty enough when we had pulled our very best for several miles, being natu rally anxious .to get down as far as Peate's Ferry before dark. That, however, we found we could not manage, having started too late. When we were about six mues from Jim Cole's place, soon after sunset, I took notice that Jack seemed uneasy, a-staring at something or other in front of us, as if the eyes would come out of his head. ' What's up nowf' ses I; mind what you are about, you young monkey. Don't you be gaping at everything that you see.' . ' Major,' ses the lad, ' as sure as you're there, I seed a light, just now, in The Green Man, where there's never been anybody living for this twenty years. There— I can see it again ; on the low hill in front of us, a-fliokering like. It. doesn't seem to stand still, but keeps moving up and down and shifting about.' ' By golly, youngster, I'll shift you with a rope's end if I gets up to you,*' sea I. ' Look where you're going, will you? And mind what you are about. Tour bad steering is giving us twice the work, that we ought to have. Go straight down the stream, can't you; and just before we come abreast of The Buined Inn, you turn the boat slowly round to the left, and take us in, as near as we can go to the landing; place. I must have a drink of cold water from that well beyond there,' ses I. 'And very good water I knows it is.* ^ We brought tot Boon after that, not many yards from the dilapidated jetty; and I told the boy to scramble ashore, and go up the path to the ruins, with the r*«w«irin and a bit of string, to get some water out of the well at the back of the house. 1 made the brat go, but lie went very un willingly indeed, growling and whimpering like a young bear, audibly wishing that the devil had meforstynnt,azu all that sort of nonsense; for which yon may depend I made up my mind to chastise him well at the very first opportu* nity. However, I said nothing just at the time, because Gibbey. and I had just taken out our pipes for a smoke. Jack hadvnot been gone five minutes before we heard a wild shriek on the hulside above us— one that made both of us start— a long, lond, sudden cry of surprise and alarm. It seemed to come from about 60 or 60 yards away ; mi when we looked up the road, there was still light enough for us to see the boy, without his hat, running wildly down the steep pathway towards the boat, as if fie had gone stark stating ms4. As he came flying towards ut, he new snoke. or loosed behind him, but ran on, desperately, into the water of the river, breast high, up to the side of the lost* and there (trembling, and with his teeth chattering, ts if all aghast) he begged us, for God's sake, to lift I was that mad with him that I really felt as if I conld have killed him, there and then. I caught up api*ceof row and ran *t him to welt him with it, but when I looked down on the lad's white, terrified face there was something in it that reminded me of his dead mother. I flung the rope awat, lifted him roughly over the side, and chucked him, without a wWd4 into the bottom of the boat.'' II What devil's tfamS iB this you have been up to, you young sweep? ' said I, at length, furiously. ?? What is wrong now ? where is the water I e ent you for ? ' But Jack, for awhile, looked like one who walks in his sleep, and only shivered in silence when I spoke to him. At last, he said to me, pitifully enough : «? It is not my fault, Major ; it is not my fault.' She would not let me go near the well.'1 ' Who would not let you, yea devil's limb ? ' said 1/ 44 That cursed woman in white,' answered the boy, shuddering. ' And she had a dead baby in her arms ! ' Then, as be said this, the lad turned pale again, and became so deadly faint that he had to lie down once more. I saw it was no good to talk to him, j as t then; so I snatched hold of the pannikin, which (boy-like) he had slung across his shoulders, and with a loud, angry oath I jumped recklessly out of the boat, and scrambled, over the stones and through the shallows, to the landing place. Gibbey came quickly ashore after me, and said all he conld to induce me to return to the boat ' Don't be so hasty with the lad. Major,' BayBhe. 'The child is dreadfully soared, and he must have seen something. Be advised by me and come back to the boat at once.' However, as I would not go back, Gibbey determined to 'go with me ; and away we went; though poor Jack, in the boat, begged us, for the Lord's sake, not to leave nim there alone, but to get away directly from that horrible place. His cries and en treaties hod no effect whatever on cither of us ; we minded what he then said to us as little as any of you gentlemen now before me ere for what I am now telling you. We both tan rapidly up the steep path to the ruin, the front of which we found to be dark and silent; but, as tvo turned sharply round the east corner of it, to get to the well at the back, I suddenly saw a faint light etceaming out through the open doorway in the direction of the well, the mouth of which was only a few yards away. And, stand ins: on the other side of some broken masonry at the top of that well — you may believe me or sot, geDtlemen, just ae you please — there was a tail thin woman in a white robe, like a night-dress, with her loDg black hair hanging like a down loose veil, and her eyes fixed steadily upon us, with a look full of rage, astonish meDt, and terror. Lying in her arniB, in front of of her, was a dead child, with its eyes shut and its mouth open, as if it had been drowned or smothered. The figure came swiftly across the yard to us, in a menacing and terible manner, gliding swiftly towards us, as no living being ever moved yet. I had heard of this ghost often, but I never saw the like of it before, and I eincerely trust that I shall never sea any suoh a thing again. Gibbey and I each uttered a loud yel I that echoed through the whole deserted placp, at d all was dark again, in a moment. I dropped pannikin, and ran away for my lire; and Gibbey ran too. How we got down to the boat again, I hardly know ; but by the time I recovered again somewhat, I and . my man were both pulling down the river in the boat, like madmen, with the boy still lying, half senseless - pretty much as he bad been when we had left him alone, going away from him; in that fit of rage of mine, at the wharf. We never ceased rowing with all onr might till we got down as far as Jim Coles' place— except for a few moments, just to bring the lad to, and set him up again with a stiff glass of spirits. Old Mother Coles jawed us for fully an hour, or more, about our wickedness in having made the boy drunk ; but of course we knew better than to let her know what had really happened. We ran down to Barrenjuey, next day, without a balk ; but I doubt whether young Jack has ever quite got over his fright. ' The old Major, as he concluded, surveyed bis audience stealthily, with an uneasy, half anxious glance, as though he sought to judge of the full effect of bis astounding: narrative; but no remark being immediately offered, I thought I observed a strange sort of sinister smile stealing over bis shrewd features, whilst he muttered to himself a few words in some unknown tongue, which I took to be a charm, or prayer, jn Romany. Then, relapsing into his usual manner, the old Gipsy said, with some unction : '?*Now, gentlemen, you are, all of you, clever, welledu cated men ; and I— as a poor, unlearned, and ignorant fellow —may, perhaps, just venture to ask you one question. What do you think of all this ?' 'Before anyone present was ready with a satisfactory reply, that ass Jimmy Lee, turniDg roucd like a showman, to the silent group of distinguished visitors, said : , f ' I also saw that infernal ghost, gentlemen, near the same spot, about two years ago, one fine moonlight night. Gibbey was with me at the time. He thought, at first, that it must have been a post, or a blasted gum-tree, but I knew better. She was standing at the end of the pier, by the waterside, as we passed by well out in the btreatn. And Bill the Pnblican, he told me, when I saw him only last week, that he had himself seen her no longer than eix weeks since.* ' Here somebody, acting as the Advocates Biaboli— or, possibly, as amicu* curia on the other side— rather irreve- . rently said something about * the utter worthlessness of all such secondary evidence.' Who the daring sceptic could have been was by no means dear, but I am rather inclined to fancy it must have been the young lawyer of the ' The liance was here abruptly broken up by Brooke. He deliberately extinguished his pipe, and put it very carefully away. Then, stretching himself with a portentous yawn, which sounded almost like a groan, he rose up with a bound, and turned to old Lee with a grave and admiring ?sir.- ?- . . . . ? ' * That's a fine tough yarn ot yours, Major,' said the . stately tragedian; 'a very stiff yarn indeed. To my mind, to say the least of it, it richly deserves another stiff glass of grog. Take this bottle, and recuperate; there is still something left. And now. Commodore, I think it must be high time for us all to- be again on board. Goad night, Major; goodnight. Good night to all.' 'And so our party went away from the beach to the boat and soon all was quiet, once more, on board the Surprise. 'Beforelwent to sleep, however.Ihad a word or two with Brooke about that Hawkesbury River ghost story, which, I must confess, had made a deep impression upon me. I fold Brooke as much, and candidly asked him what he thought about it. He seemed, I thought, rather amused; butl could get from him nothing more definite than the rather equivocal declaration that it was 'a good tough yarn.' ''And what do you think of the Major himself, Sir? ' said I. ''I think him a very clever old rogue, and ? a grand liar,' was the characteristic reply. '- Anything more F* 114 Yes,' said Brooke, drowsily. -I rather fancy that our «ld friend the Major must be a smuggler.' And so saying, the tragedian turned round in his bunk and went off into the Land of Nodi leaving me lost in a world of con jecture as to what could possibly be his theorv about this Legend of the Buined Inn.' Just as my guest came to the end of his story the dogs in the back yam at Mona set up a united howl. Soon after that-accustomed uproar, there was a sudden lull, and Mrs. Melfort— with the youngsters under the charge of mv eldest— came home at last. They were, of course, all tired out and more or less wet through; so that, to this day, 1 do not know how A. B. or C. sang on that memorable evening ; not even how Miss D. was dressed. Very soon— almost immediately— they were all off to their beds. My friend also shortly retired to rest. It was, nevertheless, some considerable time before I sought repose; and when I did lay my head upon my pillow, Sydney Bourke, Gus tavo* Brooke, Major Lee, Ghastly Apparitions, Dead Children, and Weeping Women (some of saintly purity, and seme apparently steeped in sin, and shame, and eorrow) all came confusedly before me ; — connected, somehow, with a Lonely Ruin, deep River, and a dark, inexplicable Mystery, through all the vagus, ever* shifting phantasms of % long end finable dream. 