| Chapter XXtl,—Misconception*. Sb&ken; and 311 as she was, Lydia would not go to rest until her father's return. Her mind was so tossed with agonising thoughts that she longed for the sound of his find voice to still the conflict. David was not dead; her vow, therefore, was still binding. She had told an innocent lie when she had said to Mr. Norrington that she was quite free, Her rigid education had made her regard her pledge as absolute and sacred. The easy way of slipping into engagements and sliding our. of them again was quite unknown to poor Lycia. She took life in earnest-— awfully in earnest, some people would have said. Anyhow, her not! our, of honor wero not the notions of a. girl of the period. "Bow would it have been if I had bsen married to David before he went away?"' sLe asked herself. " Ka would have had a legal light to claim me in that case, and he fc&s; a moral right to claim rno now. Ought the legal claim to be stronger than t.he moral claim? I think not. In the sight of God iny promise ia just as sacred as if I had uttered it before all the congregation." She had taken o2 the hated silk (chat gown of 111 omen), ana put on an old calico dress that was not black. Thm attired she stole like a ghost into the kitchen, and came dis consolately to Ns-ney'o side. "Mercy on us, miss," cried the girl, rue fully, "what "wiil the minister say whoa ha st'ss jour face?" "1 hope I don't look very startling," said peer Lydia. "I want to te'l him. the news, Nsncy ; the good news about David B;r rick." "Humph," mattered Nancy, beginning to rattle the plates. "If people are alive they should be very careful not to say they're dead. I don't sold with foiks coming back to life at inconvenient times. And there was no need for Mr, Bsrrick to be rushing hero this evening to tell his tidings; it'll bo to va tslk to-morrow." "Of course, ha wanted to tell me, N^ncy. And I—I ought to be very glad ; but " " But what, miss ? I'm ODly a poor ser vant ; but we're two lonesome girls together, and it may ease your mind to confide ia me." " I thought I ws3 free." The words earns out with an irrepressible sob; and then a rush of color swept over Lydia'a pale face. "Well, miss, you are free, of course," said Nancy, settling the matter in a business-like way. " He went away and died—anyhow he was as good as dead. If ho likes to come to life again when nobody expects him, be must take the consequences. You did everything that was right; you cried and went into mourning. What more could any woman have done ?" " I don't think he will give me back my pro mise. I think he wiil hold me to ray ward," sighed Lydia, " and if be does——" "If he won't give you your freedom, you'll have to take it," said Naacy, decidedly, " That's how it'll be." It was very plain that N*ncy could not understand any of those nice * feelings of honor which troubled her young mistress. She treated the whole matter in hsr usual airy manner; and the minister's return put an end to the discussion. He was alarmed at the sight of his daughter's white face. She told him briefly that she had not been well, and then set her self to wait upon him and supply his wants, although her strength w»3 hardly equal to the small exertion. Not one word would she say of Mr. Borne Vs visit till her father was seated and had eaten his supper. " You look like a spirit," he said, regarding her with troubled eyo3, "Has anything happened, child ? I have a fancy that you are keeping something from me." She came to his chair and knelt down by bis aide. "Something has happened, father," she answered. "I have had strange news to- night. Mr. Berrick has been here with tidings of David." "With tidings of David? Ah! they have heard farther particulars about his death!" "Father, he was not drowned; he has never died." Mr. Meade started, and surveyed his daughter with au anxious look. Had she been brooding over her loss until her reason was shaken? He had heard of such cases ; but Lycia had been so calm, so wonderfully resigned. " I see you don't believe me," she went on quietly. "But Nancy can confirm all that I say. Mr. Bmick found mo in the garden, and tried to break the news gently; but ho could not help giving me a shock, and— I fainted. When I came to myself he was gone." "He mnst be crazed with his grief," said tho minister, in sore distros3. " Heaven help us ail! What weak creatures we are when sorrow comes upon us!" " Oh, no, father, he is not crazed. I wish I could have heard all that he had to toll me; it was foolish to faint. Bat we shall kaosv everything to-morrow." "Can you remember the very words that ho said to you?" enquired Mr. Meade, still ia donbt. "He said—'The Lord has given us back our lost; he is restored to us, even as Joseph was restored to Jacob. Oav boy is not dead.'" " Ana you heard no more ?" " Not another word. Everything went spinning round, and then it grow dark, and I fell." "And Eancy—what does she know of the matter ?" "She ran to me at once, and Mr. Bsrrifls went to the well for water. He told her that it was true—that his son was liviag—and then he left me to her care and went away." " It is a most extraordinary story," said tho minister, "Tho whole thing seems rather wild. Why did not Mr. Bsrrick wait for my return ? He ought to have first told the news to me; ho might have known that the shock would be greatly too much for you. Lydia was Bilent, knowing that Mr. Ber rick had had a shock himself when he saw her in the rose path, "I think he was very much agitated, father," she said, after a pause. Mr. Meade bent his head and meditated. Then he looked up suddenly with a brightened face. " If this news is true. Lydia, the Lord has done marvellous things! David was very dear to me—as dear as if he had been indeed my own. And he is restored to you, my child." " Oh, father," Lydia clasped and unclasped her hands. "God knows how rejoiced I am that he is given back to his parents! But I do not want him to claim me again; I want him to give rue my freedom." " Lydia!" "Father, I never did love him. I saw that you wanted me to marry htm, and I said that I would be his wife. And when I raid it I believed that I might learn to be fond of him —I knew how good he was." " And you will learn to be fond of him, my child," said the minister, patiently. "You are young; he was the first rasa who had ever asked you to marry him, aud the cx perience was new. You had not time to get used to it before ho was taken away." "Youdon't understand me," said Lydis, mournfully. "I wish, oh, I do wish that mother was alive." " My dear daughter." The good man dre v her close to his breast, and the tears stood in his eyes, "Forgive me if I am a blun derer : I cannot see things as sin would have seen them. It was God's wiil that she should go before us, Lydia; but I will ask Him to instruct me, and give me a clearer insight into my child's heart." The meek words smote hor with agonising self-reproach. How could she do anything to give him pain? And the truth would be sure to grieve and trouble him sorely. Lifting her head from his shoulder, she saw that his face was pale, and his eyes weary. She drew him down to her and kis3ed him, and stroked tho soft white hair with a child like cares j. "Father, dear," ahe said tenderly, " wo won't talk any more to-night. Yoa wiil pray for your poor little Lydia; to-morrov raiy bring more changes. But I am happier now that I have opened my heart to you " So they separated for fcb9 night, but she knew that she had only shown him a part of her heart. David was still sitting in tho old armchair when he heard his father's footsteps in the passage. Mrs. Berrick saw ihat ho was listening with a painful eagorness far the sound of another, lighter stop; but it did not come. Mr. Berrick entered the room alone, "You have not brought her, Jonathan," said the mother, catching sight of the troubled look on her husband's face, and trying to avert any abrupt disclosures. " Well, it's bettor as it is; the excitement would have been too great for David, and Lydia isn't over strong, poor girl! How did she bear it?" *' It was a great shock, Aon." Mr, flarrlek took off hla hat, and stood in the doorway twisting it in his hands. "I meant to be very fentle, but oven my gentleness was rough to er, I'm afraid." David moved uneasily in bi3 seat. 1 hopo there's no harm done, father,'' he saia, "Lydia was timid and nervous always-^ -those quiet girls don't show what they sufftV- , "She tui"*k9" when I told my news Mr.Dc-rrick &'<*f>ittedwith reluctance, '"But I left her in JSTaCOj?**' iiacitia; Nancy will scon bring her right, .And, upon my soul," ha added, suddenly drCPj?'n£J into a seat, " I'm glad this doy'a over! JtLlscy days liko this would eoon finish an old iliaf1 like me." Mrs, Derrick was a true wiv?, and sho im mediately began to think that n^o had not considered her husband. Absorbed in re joicing oyer David she had forgotten that her Jonathan had borne the first bfmfc of the great surprise, and hsd fceerT enfrusteu with the task ot bre-kiog the news to everybody else. AU the hard wotk had i&j;'CD to bia fibsrs, Riid ho bjd d<)Qo it so naturally and quietly that no oae realised how fcara it had bceu, David looked earnestly at his father, and iuBtsntly rote from his seat. "All this has been too much for dear did," he said. "We did wrong to send bim to Eden Cottage this evening, and here am I sitting in his chair like a eeiiish lout!" He would not ask another question about Lydia that night. Jlo woulu not lot toea know the yearning that posseted him and made bim long, in spite ot bodily woakusss, to tramp across the star lit meado va nad see the house that held hi3 treasure. As Esmond lovtd Beatrix, so did plain Djvid Derrick lovo Lydia Meade, It was a strong, chival rous love; the lovo of a man who had the heart of a true gentleman, although he was cot presented to his lady ia a heroic guise. " I will go to her early to-morro w," ha thought, as ho lay down to sleep. It was a happy thing to find himself ouca more in tho old room that had been bia own from boyhood. Nothing was changed there; every trifle had been religiously preserved. There was the stuffed wild duck in his glass case, provided with an artistic background of rushes; and there was the knowing squirrel which had once been the living tor ment of every member of the family, Wuo does not know the mute welcome that lifeless objects seem to accord one after a long absence ? David had an unreasoning con viction that the duck and iha squirrel and all the other tbing.3 were glad to see htm, How often his mother had come in hc-re to cry quietly fcr her lost sen. They had not told him that it was so. but he know it, and the knowledge made his owu c'uoek wet. She was tho best mother in the world, aad had reigned supreme in his heart over ail other women until ho had falioa in lova with Lydia. Lj-dia. Sbs seemed to rise up before hiai, locking jaafe as she had looked when ho bade her good-bye, and kissed her for tho first time. He recalled the sweet face with its shy, doubtful expression. Ho bad wished that she had been a little less bashful—a shade less cold. It had bsea an Ico- maiden whose brow he had kissed; but tho loyalty of his strong heart had passed into that caress. She was hi? high pure-minded lady, sang rejiroche, lifted far above all others, and look ing down upon hiin with calm eyes. He naver read any poetry save tho old hymns that they sung in tho chapel, and ha could uot fit Lydia with a description from the pages of Tenny son or Browning. But he did sometimes thick that Kcbekah, " tho daaisol vary fair to look upon," might have seemed like her ia the eight of Isaac ; or that Rachel, toiled for through long yeare, must have had a face like the minister's daughter. Having never seen the exhibition of the Royai Academy, his conceptions of these women of Scripture had been left perfectly undisturbed. Ho could not picture them as brown beauties, wish passionate dark eyas, and form replete with the voluptuous grace of the E tsf. He al fays thought of them as pure, and cool, and fair like Lydia. She had promised to be his wife, and ha had a right to think of her as an overy-day married woman, sitting by his fireside and nursing bis children. But ho could bos quits succeed ia bringing her down to tho level of ordinary life. He had lived, from childhood up, the prosaic existence of a small tradesman in a country town. Butovery life requires its pocaj, and must find it ia seme shape. Lydia was David's poem. She, herself, was quite unconscious of tho guise in which sho rt-igned over hi? dreams. If he could hf.vo told hor. in graceful word;, all that ho thought and felt about bor, ho would certainly have acquired a now interest in nor eyes. But ho was geo of those people who can only feel and think; the gift of spsskicg fits, theughts, or of looking thesi, had been denied him. He had a face that seemed incapable cf ex pressing emotion. It was a good solid Sicca face—such a face as you 11127 aaenndar a cloth cap in the "rank aud file" any day, *ud know that it will never change Us aspect svaea it fronts the enemy's guns. Practised eyes might have found in it an unmistakable orotuisa of courage, endurance, and truth; but Lydis had not the art of seeiug under the surface. She did not think that David shone as a lover. He failed to convey any definite idea of devotion to her mind, and wooed her after a business-like fashion. He had told her that if Ehe would have him, he would do his bast to make her happy; bat he bad uot said that lire without Her would be a mere blank ; he had not hinted that his soul might go astray if he lacked her gentle guidance. AEd yet, if she could have iooked into his heart, and realised the fact of her o wn perfect queenship there, ehe would have fceon mora than satisfied. It was only the outer man that stood between David and herself. Vj'hile ho, in his simple fashion, thnuked God for bringing hiai beck to the blowings of homo and love, and fell asleep with her name upon hia lip*, she was lying awake with a restless soul. He had returned to claim her hated promise. He had come to tear h9r from her true love and drag her down to the level of his dull life. Her fancy pictured him as inflexible, unrelenting, even when he knew that her hears was given to another. (To he continued,) 