? Is supposed* to have no friends. I was vary much surprised on reading tbe Bev. J. W. Inglis' criticism on Mr Mas^ey'a lecture. The rev. gentleman appears to support tbe supposition tbat the devil is a real entity, capable of directing and enforcing bis demoniacal will; and not, as progressive enlightenment tends to demonstrate, a mere figurative em* blem of human nature's evil propensity. True tbe Bible contains scriptural allfaions to tbe devil, and goes to the extent of actual!* localising bis Satanic majesty Tobias viii., 3—" Then the angel Rtphtel took the devil and bound him in the desert of Upper Egypt" To any person of ordinary Intelligence this is merely the record of a metaphorical Illustration. If otherwise, It would be. interesting to know wbo was tbe mischievous person wbo frustrated tbe angel's good Intention, by letting tbe devil Io.ee, tbe dreadful consequences of which have been Incalculable. Perhaps tbe Bev. J. W. Ingl!s can supply tbe desired Information. We are indebted to that grand palladium of social liberty—a' free press—tor tba total annihilation of ghosts, witcbew, and all such nonsensical things, and it does not require a person to possess an extraordinary acumen -to perc. ive that the same agency has already shattered the'-foundation from under the devil trims* If It is to t>e regretted tbat men of the Bev. "Mr Irglis'cloth are to be found supporting .him on-hi« trambBlig u u l bey are loth to lose any of thdrMock-in-trade-bsll lire'snd damnation—the damnation—tbe supposed existence , of which bas been mace to justify the disgraceful slaughter of tive one, would be by promulgating the doctrine tbat foreshadows tbe superlative happiness that mustawnredly attend those irbosB actions are conformable to the Divine will of the Almighty, and not to make it appear necessary to do MO, simply to escape the vengeance of an Imaginary devIL, Mr Massey, and all wbo are capable of delivering an in. telligent lecture, should be allowed a fair bearing. —Yours, 4S.. . HADDON. 