SMALL DEBTS COUIiT. Monday. (Before the Police Magistrate.) Mrs. Barret v. John Pickering.—Claim for rent, £8 10s. 6d. The plaintiff deposed to the correctness of ber account, and that the balance of £8 10s. 6d. was still due to ber. In cross-examination she said that she had made no agreement as to repairs ; never made a second arrangement for Is. 3d. per week and you to do repairs ; the rent was 2s. Cd. per week. Mrs. V!aughan deposed.- I have paid Mrs. Barrett rent on my father's account for 10 .months .at the rale of 5s. a month; she was always .very thankful for it; I got no receipt ; 1 paid up to about C months ago. Mrs. Pickering deposed that she had paid 5s. per month for 4 months. .Verdict for. plaintiff £8 10s. 6d. GOIDMININO LEiSES ArpuoVBD.—Temora, J. T. Moran and others, county of Clarendon, parish ofTrevethin, 10a,,—Rent to commence 24th June, 1884. AUCTION SALE,—Mr. F. A. Brock will at noon to-day sell by public auction at the residence of Mr. W. H. Canty, in Wombat-street, who is leaving the district, the whole of the household furniture, piano, &c.; CROWN LANDS DEDICATED. — The following Crown lands have been dedicated for Public School sites, viz :—Sawplt Gaily, county Monteagle, portion 1882, psrish of Young, 2a.; Wallaroo, county Batburst, portion 1G3, parish of Oowra, 2a.; Wambanumba Creek, county Monteagle, portion 142, Wambanumba, 2a. INSOLVENCY NOTICES.—In the insolvent estate of Henry John Sampson of Tass, Auctioneer, a first meeting will be held before the district Commissioner at Yass, on Friday Eextl8th inst., and a second meeting at the same place on Friday 25th instant. ORANGE CELEBEATION.—The Loyal Orange Lodge No. 162, held a tea meeting in connection with the 12th July celebration, in the Temperance Hall on Monday evening. The speeches, the principal of which was delivered by the Rev. Mr. Moore, were of the character usual upon such occasions. . PBDBSTBIANISSI.—Rayner, the pedestrian who gave an exhibition of his walking abilities at our recent sports, essayed to run from Yass to Goulburn in nine hours, but broke down iu the attempt. In consequence of this a Beven miles walking match, which had been arranged to come off. on Saturday night last ot Yass betweeen Uayner and E. Laathart fell through, aod the deposit of stakes was consequently paid over t» Lsathart. GITENFELT.—We take the following news items fromthe Secord: —The followingamounts were received at the local land office during the quarter ended 30th June :—C.P. deposits, £172213s 9d ; instalments, £518 lis 6d; interest, £30 7s 3d ; transfer fees, £48 12s Cd ; lease rents, £31 14s 6d; timber licenses, £2; lithographs, Gs; auction sales, £105 3?. 8d. Total land revenue, £2459 9s" 2d,—Tenders for the repair of the Company's dam wore opened by the Municipal Council at their meeting on Tuesday last, and ranged from £96 to £174. The lowest, that of Mr. W. G. Cnupbell was accepted.—The plans for the new hospital building are to be submitted to the Inspector of Public Charities before being dealt with by the committee.— Ploughing matches and sports are to he held at Grenfell on the 14th August. DEPARTURE.— We have to chronicle ihe departure by Monday's coach, of the Rev. Father O'Connell, who has been removed from this place to Albury. During his residence here, tbe reverend gentleman has endeared himself to all with whom he has been brought in contact of whatever denomination they might chance to be, and ho will be greatly missed in this town ar:d district. .We'wish him health and happiness in his new sphere of duty, and feel certain that he will in Albury, as he has In Young merit the goodwill and hearty appreoiatioo of all. Father Quirk from Albury relieves Father O'Connell in this district, but, we understand, he will reside at G:enfell. POSTAL DELINQUENCY.—A subscriber writing from the vicinity of Wollongough this weekcomplainB that twenty per cent, of the.copies of the ArguSj posted to him from this office, fail to reach their destination. He also adds that this is not the only paper which similarly goes astray, and that he has written to the manager of the Tomn and Country making a similar complaint. He says that during the past week he thus lust four papers which should have arrived at his address. We think such carelessness should be promptly suppressed, and if we hear any more of it will try what can be done .at bead quarters to effect this. COOTAMUNDRA. — The Liberal says The plans of the Cuotamuudra gaol, which may be seen at the local court-house show a very substantial, as well as nent building, of more than usually respectable appearance for a gaol, we think. Every convenience and accommodation will be found in the new building, and it will not be surprising if many of the "gaol birds" will rather enjoy a brief residence in the new buildins »>hon made. Judging by the'size of it there will not be much left of the £5000 voted for tho purpose.—Mr. and Mrs. Fortescne met with an accident while returning from Gundagai. Their buggy capsized and both were violently thrown out. Fortunately neither of them were seriously injured. Mr. Fortescue is paymaster for Messrs. McSharry and Co. on the Coota mundra to Gundagai extension, • THE GOATS AGAIN. — " These goats are the bane of the Inspector of Nuisances' life (writes " Will Honeycomb" in the Duhbo Dispatch). They have been from the beginning, aud promise to be to the ending, the greatest " nuisance" of his official career. In the past, as in the present, the goats have troubled him as sorely as the ghosts of his victims did the royal Richard on the eve of Bosworth. Only the other day, when De Launoy was marshalling a draft for the pound, a rescue was successfully carried out by the neighbours. The Inspector had to cut and run Though proof against most things, he could not stand the old la-lies' tongues. A slang- whanging from the indignant owner of a favorite " nannie or " hilly" is,-he says, more powerful than dynamite, and more to be dreaded than torpedoes. I can fully aympathise with him, and perfectly uuderstand that wail in his last report to the Council, " I am powerless," says he, " since I have been prevented from using the revolver. I have lost the only means of redress.'' Sampson shorn of bis locks, was not to be more pitied than the Inspector, robbed by a cruel law, of pot shots at the goals." Our local inspector is better off than his Dubbo confrere, for he has not lost his bis only means of redress, - and evidently knows bow to use it well, as evidenced by the number of four-footed " nuisances" which have this week succumbed to tbe power ofipowderand shot THE DEMONSTEATION MEETING.—We remind our town readers that a public meeting will be held in the Mechanics' Hall to-night to consider correspondence that has been received from the members for the district relative to the anticipated presence of two members of (he Ministry at the demonstration to be held at the opening of the new public school bnilding here There is a certain section of the community ap- parently desirous, from political motives, of slighting both our Parliamentary representatives and the Government, upon the question of opening this school, and we hope there will be such an attendance to-night as to allow a fair discussion of the matter, over which there has up to the present time been much misrepresentation. We understand Mr. Gerald Spring, tbe senior member for the district, will be present to-night, in order to r«ply to the strictures which have been pasted upon him by some speakers at tlit previous meetings, COWBA CLIPPINGS.—The Free Pre-* says:— Mr. Campbell informs us that it is highly probable that tenders for the construction ot our railwoy will be invited by the Works Department during the coming wec.r. He also states that he believes it is the intention of the Minister to call tenders for the whole lensth, viz., trom Blarney'to Young. This should bo cheering news for our readers in this district.—The following communication has been received by the Secretary to the Progress Association, be dealt with by our ' local parliament m duo course: Grenfell, June 26, 1884. The Hon. - Secretary, Cowra Progress Committee, bir,— In accordance with a resolution of the Grenfell Progress Committee I have the duty of asking your co-operation iu endeavouring to obtain a. daily coach mail between Grenfell and Cowra. Trusting you will kindly attend to the matter at your earliest conveniense.—I am,-&e.;, I. U. Brierly, Hon. Secretary, Grenfell Progress Committee." FOEBES.—Wo gather the following from the Times:—Although no rain has fallen since our last repor , the weather has been very favourable to the growth of vegetation, the d-ys having been sunny and the nights mild, with the exception of Thursday night when a slight frost occurred ; in fact the temperatureis more like that of spring than of win-cr.—On Wodnesday a rather serious accident occurred to a young lad, a stepson oE Mr. Farlonge of this town. It appears the boy was endeavouring to head a couple of horses, and, while fpmg at full gallop, the animal he was ridim? came into violent col lUion with a wire fence on Mr. Whitmills property. The horse came down with a crash, and in struggling to regain its feet, struck the boy on the head, partiallv stunning liim.—On Mon- day night at the Bald Hills, the house of a miner well-known in Forbes, named V. Davev, cangbt fire and have been entirely destroyed, but for the speedy assistance of a number of men who were at work at o'ie oE tho claims, who noticed the fire aud managed to extinguish it before it had got much hold of the building. A number of articles of furniture were burned, and we are informed that Mrs. Davev had rather a narrow escape. A spark from "the fire is supposed to have been tho cause of the mischief. AMATEUB TCRF CLUB—A meeting of the members of the Young Am-iteur Turf Club was held at Wallet's Hotel on Monday evening last, Mr. J. llussell, president, in the chair. The minutes of the last meeting were read and confirmed. The chairman said one of the objects of the meeting was, if possible, to fix a suitable day for the proposed r'accs. Mr. Hills thought that as the Murrumburrah Doncaster races wero advertised for the 10th November, it would be well to fix a date about a week or so ahead of that. He therefore proposed " Tbat tho Young Amateur Turf Club havo a day's racing on the 29th October, and that tho trustees of the Burrangong Jockey Club be applied to for the use of the race course on that day." This was seconded by Mr W. Sharp, and carried. On the motion of Mr. Ilills, seconded by Mr. G. Wallett, it was resolved that Messrs. Dobbin, Sharp, J. Mackenzie jun., and Cranfield, should form a sub-committee to canvass the town for snbscriptions and donations towards the races Mr. Sharp proposed and Mr J. Mackenzie, jun. seconded, " That Messrs. Spring and Mackin non, Ms L. A., be elected patrons of the Young Amateur Turf Club, and that they bo asked to contribute a Members' Cup for the ensuing meetin®." Carried. Some discussion took piano as to the programme of the races, but nothing definite was settled. COACH ACCIDENT.—There was very considerable excitement in town on Saturday night when between 8 and 9 o'clock a messenger arrived with the intelligence that Cobb and Co.'s coach, which started from this place at 5 p.m., had capsized near Wombat, and that the passengers were more or less injured. In a very short space of time Mr. Miller, of Cobb and Co , had Slatyer's large coach horsed and started ofE to the relief. Mr. James Gordon, who had relatives in the coach hurried away on horsebaeir, followed by a buugy to bring them back if required, and Dr. Hutchings, who had been summoned, also rode off to the scene of the disaster In town the story lost nothing by repetition, and many waited up till after midnight for reliable news. About that time the relief parties returned with the intelligence that there bad been an accident, but fortunately not attended with any serious consequences, indeed, damages had been repaired, and the coach had proceeded on its journey to Murrumburrah long before they arrived upon the scene. It appears that when going at almost a walking pace one of the wheels of the coach slipped into a deep rut, which bad been made by a timbor laden team that morning. This caused a capsize, but the vehicle went over very gently, and none of the passongers were hurt with the exception of Mr. Frey, a commercial traveller, representing Messrs. Do Lissa and Co., who occupied the box seat, and whoso coat, when lie was in the act of jumping off, caught on the brake, and caused him to fall under tho coach. Fortunately the straps over the kin? bolt broke as tho coach fell over, and the horses got a^ay at once with the fore carriage, othrcrwiseliad they dragged the coach along (he consequences might have been serious for Mr. Frey, who was underneath it, and for the passengerj who were inside, The driver, Mr. Kelly, who was thrown from the box, held man. fully to the reins for about two hundred yarc.s, when he was compelled to relinquish them, but the horses were brought up by a fence at no great distance away. After about an hour's delay damages were repaired, and those of the passengers who were not too nervous proceeded on their journey. Mr. Frey, the only one who was at all hurt, remained at Wombat for the night, and proceeded by the next day's coach, and a lady with two children, returned to Young. Mr Kelly is so well known as a most careful driver that we are glad to learn no blame has been attached to him in consequence of the accident, and a certificace to that effect, signed by several of the passengers, will be found in our advertising columns. GUNDAGAI.—The Times says :—A young man named George Goss was sentenced to three months' imprisonment fur assaulting Mr. Sheehan, of Bongongo. It seems that GOBS was instructed (o do some work on Mr. Sheehan'e farm but took umbrage about it and struck the latter a severe blow on the head with a heavy piece of timber. The CSBB was tried at Jugiong, and Goss will serve his sentence in Gundagai gaol-—A navvy named Michael M'Liuchlan working at Ball's cutting, met with a very eevere and painful accident on Tuesday. Whilst standing over a hole which wss partly filled with powder, the shot went off right in the poor fellow's face, shattering bis scalp aod inflicting very severe wounds about his head and face, and completely destroying his eyes. The sufferer was taken to the hospital, where Dr. O'Dwyer was soon in attendance, but at present he has very little liopeB of M'Lauglilan's recovery.— The well-known racehorse Uncle Ned has been sold by Mr. George Wood bridge of South Gun dagai to Mr. Henry Levy, a well-known com mercial traveller. Mr. Levy, wo understand, intends taking the horse to Sydney and racing him there.—Two valuable horses died this week in a most mysterious manner. One of them belonging to Mr. P. J. Tierney, Telegraph De partment, was being used by Dr. O'Dwyer and took suddenly bad and despite all madeeine and " vets." succumbed. The other horse is one owned by Mr. Victor Cumming, and his death remains a mystery. A good number of horses are showing signs of ill-health, but from what cause it has not yet been discovered.—The 29ih .iuly is the day fixed for holding the next Quarterly Licensing Court at Gundagai, RAILWAY TO BUEEOWA.—The Burrowa Neics has received the following letter. " My Burns,—I have just received a letter from the Commissioner for llailways, informing me that instructions have been given for a survey or the railway line to Burrowa.—Yourt faithfully, I. M. Slattery." IMPOETANT TO FAEMEBS.—We call attention of farmers in this district to an advertisement appearing in another column to the effect that on Saturday next, at 11 a.m.. a trial of two and throe furrow ploughs of T. Eobinson and Co s manufacture, will take place in Messrs, Watson Bros', paddock on Burrowa road, under the management of Mr J. F. Poynting, the wellknown champion ploughman. We may mention that these ploughs took first prizes at the Pastoral and Agricultural Shows held in Albury and Wagga Wagga early in the present month. COUCEETAND LECTUEE—Mr. Byron Squire, who arrived in town yesterday, intends on an early date, which will be duly announced to give a lecture in the Mechanics' Hall, upon the history and manufacture of the pianoforte. After the lecture there will be a vocal and instrumental concert with Headings, Comic "^citations &e;„ and also a solo on the zither by Sir- Byron Squire. The whole of the proceeds will be.devoted to the organ fund of the Presbyterian Chnrch at Young. YASS ITEMS.—WO take the following from the Courier-. — Weather delightful, presagng a most bountiful spring, everything in the shape of herbage lootiing beautifully green. Indeed, we hope from the present outlook that we shall be able in the near future to procure meat considerably below present prices.—Farmers who held back their wheat at the commencement of the year in the hope of obtaining better value during the present month, have been dis- appointed as there is no sign of any improvement in prices, but rather on the other liand the market shows a somewhat easier tone. Buyers are operating with great caution, and, best samples are onlv worth 4s 4d. to 4s 6d ; onis are selling at 2s. Sd. to 2s. 9d.—The new premises for tho post and telegraph offices, which have been in course of erection for the p»st two and a half years, are now nearly completed, if the bare building, wi hout the necessary outbuildings, can be called finished. Mr. Forr, inpector of public buildings, was in town on Saturday and Monday last, for tho purpose of passina the work, and in all probability the new office will be ready for occupation about the 1st of next month.—A serious accident occurred at Blakney Creek on Monday nigH last to Mr. James Merriman and one of his children. It appears that the gentleman in question h»d some gunpowder on tho table in an open vessel for the purpose of filling cartridges, and a candle standing on end ne<r tbe powder, when the child mentioned by some me<ns overturned the lighted candle into the powder, causing an explosion, the result of which was attended with Serious consequences to both father and child. The child was so bidly burnt in the Tace, that ; t is thought she will entirely lose the tight of one eye. The fatfier is also badly burnt about tho face. They were taken into Gunning to the doctor on Tuesday morning, when their injuries were attended to. 