CONTINENTAL GOSSIP. , i -I- I (IEOM -OU- OOKR.-8POXD_rW " STELLA..") PARIS, NOV. 7. HíYnueoi-en, the late manager of the Grand Opera Di tbiseritr, has had one of the most splendid funerals that have gratified the love of Paris for gratuitous ' *rp60tii~ks "Within the year now drawing so near to its . Endings Gounod, Ambroise Thomas, Perrin, and other leaders of the musical world of to-day took part in the r^Enn-BX-, AB. the artistes and employees of the Opera, and many of those of the other lyric theatres of truE City-, followed the bier with a numerous gathering illiteracy actualities and the crowd of onlookers that pithara here so quickly along the line of march of BTrrtbirjft worth looking at. The band and chorus of the Opera performed the " Qui Tollis," the Allegretto in Beethoven's " Symphony in A " and his " Funeral Sarah," and Mozart's " Requiem." Several of the Ministers were gathered at the church, and various addresses as nBnnl WOTO delivered at the grave. The Hooking of " all Paris " to the cemeteries a few days ago has reminded the world of the curious fact that the Ba "Knldsof the Dead," and especially that of Pere-ln-Chaise, are literally honeycombed by rabbit burrows. Those troublesome rodents have become such a nuisance that regular batteries are made, from time to time, by the guardians of the burying-ground, . and large numbers of them are thus destroyed; but they multiply so fast that it seems impossible to get rid of them, and poachers are continually getting in to these enclosures and making a bag, which proceedings, being contrary to the law, cause great anger on the part of the officials concerned. It is said that some of the burrows are of such length that the farmers went into they are unable to come up with the rabbits. They were canon cliMurbad by the great number of the work- men employed in trimming up the graves and Dmamouting them with flowers and plants for the return of All Saints' Day; and accordingly a very vigorous hunt was at once organised, and resulted in the liking of considerable numbers of them. Another curious portion of the " small game," of which so much to eaton hare, is furnished by the of small farms" of Burgundy, of which the number in- crease every year ; owing to the fine qualities of the vine leaf-fed mollusc, that have recently led to the formation of snail form in Switzerland, a number of properties have now been thus transformed by their owners, mainly in the Canton of Grisons. During the summer the children are employed. to gather the snails from field and hedge, and to bring them to the farms, where they are placed in bushes and fed on vine leaves. 6\. thick bed of sawdust surrounds each bush, serving the double purpose of preventing the escape of the Snails, end giving them shelter during the winter. At the approach of cold weather, the snails, grown fat, < bury themselves in the sawdust, and close the door of the house on their back. They are then called out, j "backed up in 2cwt baskets, and sent off to Italy, where B3 " Burgundy enable " they sell at 18 francs to 20 J francs the packn20. J The signs of coming winter are upon us. In vain did one of the horse chestnuts of the State to l'Etoilo burst into flower a fortnight ago, in vain does cherry ' tree in the suburbs of Paris display, at this present Writing, a full crop of ripe and luscious cherries ; the law courts of this capital have just opened their doors after the attendance of their members, in cap and robe, at to a class of the Holy Ghost " in the lovely Sainte Chapelle of the Palais de Justice; the soup kitchens, established in every arrondissement of Paris, ' have just lighted their fires and prepared their kindly accommodations and the " King of the Pumpkins," a i vegetable wonder weighing 200lb., has been crowned and carried in the customary state through the principal streets in the neighbourhood of the Central Market. If any doubt as to the approach of winter could linger in anyone's mind after the recognition of those precursory signs, the presence of the chestnut-roasters at all the street corners would complete his conviction that summer and autumn are really done with for this pre . each year. The coming " season' is to be a brilliant one, say the \- leaders of the ton, and gentlemen's evening dress is to undergo several modifications. which will continue to a button their coats up to the chin, and display nothing of their shirts; so cravats will have to be adjusted to this ultra-Quakerlike mode. The scarfpin will be fixed in a bow placed very high in the throat, or a i sailor's knot will be worn with the pin. Stuffs of I sombre hue will be worn even by young men but overcoats will be of bright colours and short Light i drab will be a favourite plant, but not for trousers. For evening dress, coat-tails STO to be short, collar facings narrower, and sleeves tight at the wrists. The vest has a undergone no change ; gold watch guards are prescribed, form for day wear. Some of the leading club mon use a black moire riband, but even this is to disappear. The ( shirt being now put out of sight, many are wearing ' their underlinen unstarched. Wide wristbands are out of dale, Very little jewellery is to be worn for ! Bourses only very small white pearls are admitted for j shirt studs. No great changes have yet been ordained by- those tyrants, the dressmakers, for ladies' outrigging. Shapes and makes are much what they wore a round cape, cut close at the shoulders, long polices, sxtradromo darian bumps behindhand hats and bonnets of every size, shape, style, and material are to be soon in every direction, some very large and light, and the majority extremely ugly. A curious bi-eentenary-that of the invention of the thimble-has just been celebrated in Amsterdam. According to the Dutch, the inventor of the thimble was a goldsmith named RECORDS van Bensohoten, who, in 1081, imagined the useful little article to preserve the dainty fingers of his lady-love. Myufraw von lîonsolder. But the French fix the invention of the thimble at an earlier date. An old French ballad, published in 1484, speaks of his fair one's lips as being " more pecked at by birds than is the thimble by the -Beedle," which would prove that the thimble was known at least 400 years ago; but it is difficult to ! imagine that the thimble could be otherwise than coeval with the needle, that is to say, with the art of sowing, which evidently has flourished since the very earliest times. . A wildly extravagant fairy operetta, " The Chateau of Siro Laregot," with exquisite scenery and charming 'January, has just begun what promises to be a thoroughly successful career at the ¡STouveautoe Theatre. Elves, fairies, disembodied spirits (reincarnated to carry out the details of the story and learned animals of various kinds, are all pressed into the service of the plot. It appears that animals on the stags cost dear, especially if inanimate. The elephant, which comes first as regards the amount of material employed in its manufacture, costs lOOf. if made of papier-mache, and 150f, if made of skin; a lion, 150. j a giraffe, 1759,; a horse, lOOf. ; bulls cost from 150 to 200 ; a boar, lOOf. Other animals though smaller, such as rats, foxes, etc, cost about lOOf. A turkey is manufactured at a much lower rate, yet there is an instance of one having coat as much as lOOOf. This costly specimen of an imitation gobbler is the one used in the famous fairy pantomime, "The Devil's Pillo," but it is made up of ingenious springs and other con- trivances to enable the man who is inside to follow the natural movements and actions of the biped. An oyster (a real one) was cold a few days ago at the Central Market. It had a diameter of 2! 2 inches, and was sold for a few sous less than eight francs. The plan to specimen of the genus might serve as a model for an artificial one that would create a sensation in some marine piece, say in a cave, lighted by electricity, with a company of divers sitting down to dinner, Electricity is coming constantly before the public ''With the offer of new and improved burners, lamps, and fete, which promise to drive gas, candles, petroleum, is, out of the market. Among other novelties in this particular field of invention, a close carriage, with its interior lighted up with the mysterious fluid, and a spray of electrical leaves on the horse's head, has been exciting the astonishment of the public for several nights past on the Boulevard!!. The electric current is furnished by accumulators under the vehicle, Among the extraordinary things now being invented for the International Exhibition of 1889 is an iron tower 075 feet high. This tower is to be erected on the highest spot in the Exhibition grounds, and will he twice as high as any monument in the world. A lift, built on principles of absolute security, would take visitors up to the topmost platform, whence a panorama Of over 100 miles in extent would be visible on clear . days, After the close of the Exhibition this unique construction might be made useful for various purposes for meteorological observations for the transmission of heliograph signals for strategical purposes for light- ing up a large space of ground by electricity is also for researches in experimental physics. The plans of this son tower have already been worked out by Messrs, Nouguier and Koohlin, the engineers of the Eiffel Works, and it. SauveBtre, an architect. It is decided that Paris is to have an underground metropolitan railway. The concession is already made to a group of capitalists French and British. It' is to be finished in five years, so as to relieve the streets of this capital by the date of the opening of the International Exhibition. The number of accidents to limb and to life which now occur through the overcrowding, of the Paris streets proves the reality and urgency of the new air tory of communication. The medical world of Paris has risen in arms to withstand the proposed admission of female doctors and surgeons to the post of interns in the various hospitals of this capital. All Paris is ringing with the question, as the time for the election of house-surgeon is coming on, and some women are on the list 