The Storyteller. From Post to Finish. A RACING ROMANCE. CHAPTER XV. "THE TWO TRIALS." BY HAWLEY SMART, AUTHOR OF "BREEZIE LANGTON," "BOUND TO WIN," "THE GREAT TONTINE," "AT FAULT," ETC. DOLLIE ran upstairs. She wanted to be alone to think. Here was her dream on the verge of being realised. Next week Gerald would "don silk" for the first time, and be embarked on the career she had marked out for him. Had she done right in advising him io embrace such a hard and onerous business ? And yet, with his aptitude for riding, his light weight, and nerve, conjoined with his apparent inaptitude and distaste for anything else, what better path in life was open to him? He was going through all the drudgery of his profession at present (your footman dubs himself a professional Eentleman nowadays—why not?), and none new better than she how hard that appren ticeship was. But then, again, was not the novitiate of all careers laid through stony places? The Church, the Bar, Medicine—what Jou will—did not men find bread and cheese ard to earn at first in all of them ? It is not every soldier who becomes a X.C.8., nor every sailor that attains a seat on the Admiralty Board; and even when they do they will tell you (to use Sam Slick's words) their early life was "not all beer and skittles." There are always many more blanks than prises in lotteries, and in none more so than the lottery of life. There was no career in which a com petence could be realised in so short a time by skill, pluck, and prudence as tbat she had counselled—always providing there was natural . * The right of publication in Queensland of "From Post to Finish'- has been purchased by the Brisbane Newspaper Company, Limited. aptitude for the profession to start with, and that the luck—an invariable adjunct to success in any path—was vouchsafed the aspirant. Still Dollie could not refrain from a slight shiver as with her dear little practical head she counted up the chances. Her lover had got his opening far sooner than she had dared to hope, and yet what a very dubious one it was! Gerald's success depended mainly, not on hie own skill, nerve, and determination, but on the uncertain temper of the brute he was to ride. Dollie thoroughly understood th<> Dancing Master. She Knew her father's esti mate of the horse, and she knew that her lover had formed a similar opinion. He had non her father's experience, bat Gerald did know something about hones. What would he think of this chance when he heard of it? Dollio knew very well that any of the leading jockeyu would feel ineffably disgusted at finding thar, destiny condemned them to bestride such a mount for a big race. Gerald surely would nor. be so foolish. These unpromising chances havo been the starting-point of many a raan'fc lif*\ and it is hardly likely that our first brief ia quite what we would have chosen. Then Dollio wished exceedingly that she could be the first bearer of the news to her lover, and hear what he had to say about it, but, as before said, it was not easy to get speech of him without a little manoeuvring, And then, as the warm March sunlight glinted into the room (for the bluster was out of the month^ and it had arrived at that lamb-like stage in which it ia traditionally supposed to close its career). Dollie fell asleep. A pretty picture the girl made, seated in an old-fashioned black oak chair close to the open lattice, with her small hand buried in her red-gold hair, and her long dark curling eyelashes sweeping her somewhat pale cheeks—for Dollie, though enjoying ex cellent health, had a somewhat delicate com- Jlexion, to which even the air of Riddleton loor never gave a dairymaid's colour. The breath fell low and regular from the slightly parted lips, and gradually the girl's hopes, thoughts, and inspirations began to seethe and bubble in that most restless of all cauldrons the sleeper's brain. She was on Riddleton Moor, and Gerald once again waged that dire struggle for mastery betwixt horse and rider; yet again a half cry escaped the sleeper's lips, and a stifled murmur of " Killed, killed I—my Godl killed at my bidding!" Then the gray, with lowered crest and drooping ears, crossed her vision, and a triumphant cry from Gerald rang in her ears: "Conquered all the same, Dollie; see—he's cowed, he's cowed!'' Once again turned the picture, like the ever- shifting combinations of a kaleidoscope, and Gerald, stretched pale and senseless on a hurdle, with the blood trickling freely from an ominout wound in his forehead, passed, like Banqno'a ghost, in ghastly procession athwart her troubled brain; then she was seated in a carriage on the famous Heath at Newmarket- Heath, mind, that Dollie had never as yet seen. She saw the undulating emerald swatho stretching far away on every side as she had never seen turf yet, and comprehended at onco a remark of her father's that had often puzzled her: " There are horses that wont run at New* market; the expanse of the heath seems to cow them." The Two Thousand was about to be run. Oh, where did they start ? Could nobody tell her? She appended to several people—people she did not know, bat whose faces she saw distinctly in her dream; but nobody seemed to know anything about it. while everyone seemed to wonder what she did there. Then suddenly she encountered Cuth bert Elliston, who, in answer to her mute appeal, pointed derisively to a place where some dosen or more of horses wero kicking, rearing, plunging, and indulging in all sorts of equine vagaries; bat, prominent amongst them all, like "Lucifer, Son of the Morning," in the midst of his satellites, was that handsome iron-gray colt, taxing all Gerald's powers to retain his seat, without further troubling his head about the control of his unruly charge. Then came a chaos in Dollies dream, and the horses and riders were all blended in ap parently inextricable oonfusion, such as one sees in some spectacle of the arena just previous to the whole mass tumbling into their proper places. Then came a burst of light, ana a troop of gaily-diiened horsemen streamed in a clump across the plain, while another in the far background battled fiercely with a trucu* lent gray steed. Again the scene becomes misty, and, when the white fog lifts, that con* tumacious gray colt is leading his field six lengths, and the roar of the Ring proclaims tho fact that Bill Greyson wins, and the book makers have had a good race. Enthusiastic those children of the braien throat and mystic circle whenever a neglected outsider comes to their aid! Once more the girl's high- strung nerves carry her away, and she pictures in her slumbers an objection after the race. Gerald has won; but they decline to award him tho price. She does not know what is wrong, but she is conscious that Gerald's claim is dis* allowed. She does not know the reason, but is quite clear upon that point. He has won. and he has lost: scored a big race, and buried a reputation; ah, why ?—how? And then tho tears well slowly under the long curled lashes, and Dollie onco more subsides into dreamless oblivion. Queer things these visions of the night time—distorted pictures of our waking fancies, for the most part. Panoramas we usually imagine them; blurred photographs, and of very short duration, what they actually are. But wherever there is a prohibitive ukase so also there is a contraband trade. Lovers whose affair does not quite meet with the ap proval of the powers that be are sure to arrive at an underground post. Did not the authoress of " Mes Larmes," like the woodpecker, in* vestigate a hollow tree in search of the Catullus-like effusion of young Mr. Pendennis? and did it not stand to reason that Dollie and Gerald also possessed a letter- box uiixecognised of the Post Office officials? In accordance with instructions so received, Gerald was by the low fence at the back of the orchard that evening. "What is it, dearest?" he inquired, their first greetings over. " You said ' something of importance.' Does that mean good news for me in any shape ?" " I think so, but you will be a better judge than I of that. You are to be sent to New market to ride in the Guineas." "By Jove, that's a big opening," exclaimed young Rockingham; "rather too big. You see that means riding against all the best form in England, and I can't flatter myself I'm equal to that. But it's not likely 111 be put up on anything that's good for much." * You are to ride your present charge, Gerald, and I've heard you say, as my father does, that if he likes the Dancing Master's the best three year-old in England.' " I believe honestly he is, but, Dollie, I know the horse thoroughly, and tell you candidly that, as far as I am concerned, I shall have very little to do with it He will do as he likes, and George Fordham himself could do nothing with him it he is in one of his wicked moods. It's a bit of very doubtful luck. My precious cousin is not likely to overlook mo at Newmarket if I am riding his horse." "Why he never noticed you here." "True: but I can't muffle up there. Men take acock of jockeys in a big race who would never notice stable-boys. Then, again, Cuth bei-t Elliston hates the sijjht of tho Dancing Master; he has lost his money over him so often ; and, as the horse lichaved particularly badly this morning, he never came near him to look him over. It was ea-jy not to be recog nised here, but at Newmarket it will be almost impossible to escape detection." ••And what if you are?" asked Dollie, proudly. \--Ay, I know I ought to say also 'What if I am?'" rejoined her lover, sadly. "I ought to be thankful to get an honest living any how, but you see I can't quite forget the old pride of birth and position, and wince at the idea of Gerald Rockingham being seen riding races for a living." " You'll have to face that, dearest," she re joined, in a low voice. "If you love rao, it ought not to seem so very dreadful If you fear to face the world as a jockey, how will you find the courage to marry a trainer's daughter!" " You're right, Dollie," he replied, firmly. " All the world knows I'm ruined. It is well they see one Rockingham get a living by the Turf. But did your father say positively he should send the horse to Newmarket, or is it, to depend on the result of a trial ¥' " No, he said he should chance it. That there was no dependence to be placed on the Dancing Master." " He's quite right. He might win here and lose on the Heath, or vice versa." " And now, Gerald, I must run away, or else I shall be missed. I dreamt I saw the whole race this afternoon. I feel asleep, and thought they all behaved very badly at the post, but none so badly as your horse, and then all was mist, and then I saw you win easily." '-Good-bye, dearest," said young Rocking ham, gaily. "We want no better trial than that." "Good-bye," whispered Dollie, and she re solved not to dash her lover's spirits by telling him the finish of her dream. It is early morning, and there is some little stit visible on Riddleton Moor. Under Joe Button's auspices someof the boys are carefully unsheeting three or four horses, tightening the £rths, and putting a last touch or two to their ilettes generally. " Now, young -un," said Mr. Butters oracu larly ; "this is the Friday before 'the Guineas,' and, as usual, we are going to take the measure of our -Two Thousand' horse." " I dont suppose we shall learn much more than we learned the other day when Mr. Ellis ton was here to see," said Forrest senton tiously. "We mayor may not," retorted Butters: "we're going to toy that gray colt in real earnest this morning, regular weights, and all the rest of it: what they'll be, Mr. Greyson only knows. If you can make your horse run honest, we shall know whether we ought to win on Tuesday." At this Juncture the trainer himself arrived on the ground. Jim Forrest and three other lads are successively ordered to get into a weighing machine already on the ground, and then Mr. Greyson indulges in some mysterious juggling with saddle cloths and bits of lead. This apparently at last settled to his liking, there comes much accurate weighing of the saddles themselves; and then the trainer, assisted by Butters, personally sees to the placing them on the horses' backs. "Now, my lads," says Greyson quietly, as, his arrangements completed, he mustered them down at what they all well knew was the mile post, "you are going to ride a trial gallop this morning; and mind you pay strict attention to my orders. You, Sampson, on that three-year old, will make the pace as hot as you can and as long as you can; but I reckon the half-mile post will see you about done with. Take Phaeton to the front, Matthews, and go on with the run ning as soon as Sampson has shot his bolt; while you, Tom, wait upon Phaeton till a hundred yards from home, and then go up with Caterham, strangle him, and win. Now, Forrest, my only orders to you are, don't fidget I our horse, and win if you can. If he's running md and free, take him along; if he sulks, nurse and humour him; but you are to be first past the post if you can." The boys made no reply, but reined their horses back, and speedily got well together, tho gray behaving, for a wonder, with singular propriety, enabling Butters to give the word " Go" to a very good start. The three-year- old whose mission it was to make the running dashed at once to the front, and the Dancing Master, who seemed suddenly to have com pletely changed his disposition, jumping off at the word, promptly took second place. Mindful of his horse's irritable temperament Jim allayed him to stride along as he pleased, with the comfortable conviction that his mount, in racing parlance, was treading the leader's heels off. Boon after passing the half-mile post, the three-year-old making the running, in accord ance with his trainer's anticipation, showed symptoms of distress, and Jim assumed the lead, his horse going strong and well. "By the Lord 1 the gray walks in " ejacu lated Bill Greyson, as, nearing home, Phaeton tried vainly to run up to the Dancing Master; and to any judge of racing it most assuredly looked as if Jim Forrest would win easily; when suddenly, for no apparent reason, the gray swerved, and, bolting across the gallop, made the best of his way in the direction of bis own stable, despite all the efforts of his rider to control him. A capital set-to between the four year-olds resulted in the triumph of Caterham by balf- a-length. " Mr. Elliston's right," muttered the trainer. "He arn't worth sending to Newmarket.or anywhere else; however, go he shall this time and take his chance. The form, too, is right enough: and if he'd only stuck to his work I should have tried him good enough to win any Two Thousand. Yes, Joe," he continued, turn ing to Batters; " you may send 'em home now; that gray colt would spoil any one's breakfast. I suppose he's about got home by this." " No; young Forrest has get the upper hand of him again, and is bringing him back." Mr. Greyson made no reply, but shook his head in moody silence as he mused over the - Dancing Master's iniquities. (TO BE CONTINtJED.) 