THE DIACONATE AND LAY HELP IN THE YORK CONVOCATION. ( From the Guardian.') Sir — the movement for the exten sion of the diaconate has taken an other marked step in advance, and one wheh ought to assure its eventual suc- cess. The loik Convocation, m full synod, has adopted unanimously the unanimous resolution of the Upper House of Canterbury. The entire Episcopacy is thus unequivocally pledged to the principle, though cau tiously guarded, and it is not to be anticipated that the Lower House of Canterbury will refuse its assent to measures for recruiting the-ministry, which the Bishops witti one consent have agreed to take. In any case, with the Bishops it now rests to car ry out their own resolution. It is known that many of them will do this zealously and hopefully, and it is to be believed that the rest " loyally," as the Bishop of Durham character istically declared for himself. The Upper House also unanimously adoped a resolution on " the spiritual ministrations of laymen," but much more guarded than that passed in the> Upper House of Canterbury by the casting vote of the President, and. without mention of consecrated build ings. That this resolution was not adopted or discussed in the Lower House was probably due to want of opportunity. The proposal of lay help has been avowedly pushed for ward by some as an alternative sub stitute for the extension of the dia conate. The advocates of an extend ed diaconate have always been pre pared to welcome lay help in improp er sphere , only questioning itsCTegita- macy as a ministerial substitute for the restoration of the third order, now practically non-existent. It was felt that there was room and work for both ; but for the diaconate in the first place, not the second, still less, as some would have it, in no> place at all 1 It is matter for great thankfulness that somewhat of this kind of feeling has in the end pre vailed to the more speedy and unani mous acceptance by the Bishops of an extended diaconate. It was Simply impossible to invite lay help, and at the same time to insist on retaining the diaconate in abeyance. It might be thought that some of the Bishops might have yielded a more gracious assent to the resolu tion, if it were not recollected how deeply they were committed to doubts and hesitation, though happiiy not to> objectious on principle. In truth, they are entitled to gratitude for the generosity with which they were in duced to surrender prepossession by the evident sense of the Lower House, in which ail the speakers were on one side. It is to be specially noted in the debate on Jay help that no Bishop countenanced the unguarded views and action of the Bishop of Lichfield. The Bishop of Durham pleaded that " the great need of the English Church was to employ laymen as lay men." But though he not very con sistently seemed to contemplate the possibility and declared the desira bility of such lay ministrations in consecrated buildings, he did not ap pear to have at present arrived at any clear judgment as to theii legality or practicability. On this point, the robust, legal mind of the Archbishop admitted no doubt. He held that the Twenty-third Article, taken with the ordinal, " limited the services in church to deacons or priests " even after the performance of the prescrib ed services \ and he concluded his weighty speech by expressing a fear " that the duty of teaching would by the common voice of the parish be thrown in the largest measure on the clergyman," and by declaring l&at; " his greatest hope lay in an increase in the number of curates and lay help in the form of assistance which could now be given by laymen." The present moment is a critical one. It is possible that we are on the eve of large additions to the forces of the Church — clerical and lay. If so, the transitional process will ask time for its development and organisation. The safe regulation of the zeal which may demand employment will call for all the wisdom of our spiritual fathers.' But we have every right to brieve that tDey will be found equal to the' emergency. At any rate, it can no longer be' said that the Bishops stop the way.' It will be for "the multitude of the disciples to take care that the resolu tions of the Bishops shall be no dead- letter, " by looking out men of hon est report, full of the Holy Ghoste and wisdom," and by presenting them to the Bishops, to be appointed by' them over such business as shall be confided to them by the Church. C. H. Sale, Kirby-hill,BoroughbridgeMay 3, 1884 