How He Managed It. Up at Gin Gin on the Bundaberg Railway Line there is a Station, and there is also one pub. kept by Jack Cook. Now that pub., although within sight of the Railway Station is a certain distance from it, and as the trains do not delay many minutes, there is no time to have a nip. An experienced toper and traveller knowing that he would be deuced dry when they got to Gin Gin was at a loss at first to know how to manage it. But a plan struck the son of Bacchus. Rushing to the Telegraph Office before the train started he wired to Cook,—" Have soda and brandy ready for me at Railway Station." Laughing at his own ingenuity he took his seat in the carriage and was soon whirling past the grass tree flats to the Kolan. By-and-bye they got to Gin Gin and Bacchus rushed out for his expected s. and b. But, alas! for the certainty of human expecta tions when Cook was asked for the soda and b. he pointed over to the house and said they would hardly have time to go over. " I know that you confounded fool," yelled Bacchus, " but didn't I wire to you to meet me with one." " Never got the wire," said Cook, and the indignant traveller could say no more as the train was on the point of starting. A couple of hours after the telegram arrived, but Bacchus was up at Boobunda by that time. Another Brisbane Parson expected to come to grief. Very serious charges have been made against Mr. Stewart, the City Missionary. I sincerely hope, if it only for the sake of the " Cloth/' that the full particulars will be published, and that Mr. Stewart will come out of the scrimmage with clean hands. # # * The Bishop of Carlisle deals very tenderly with people who believe in ghosts in " Thoughts About Apparitions," his article in the Contemporary Review. He even narrates the following story :—" A Cam bridge student, my informant, had arranged, some years ago, with a fellow-student that they should meet together in Cambridge at a certain time for the purpose of reading. A short time before going up to keep his appointment my informant was in the South of England. Waking in the night he saw, as he imagined, his friend sitting at the foot of his bed. He was surprised by the sight, the more so as his friend was dripping with water : he spoke, but the appari tion, for so it seems to have been, only shook its head and disappeared. This appearance of the absent friend occurred twice during the night. Information was roon received that, shortly before the time of the apparition being seen by theyoung student, his friend had been drowned while bathing." While declining to believe ghost stories as they are ordinarily told, Dr. Harvey Goodwin is evidently of opinion that communication between spiritual beings and the mind of man, without the intervention of the senses, is possible. This is a very important statement from a prelate whose strong common sense is as indisput able as his intellectual powers and acumen are. # # # A oubious incident is reported to have taken place lately at a London cemetery. At dusk, just before the gates were closed, the keeper was astonished by the appearance of a man "of respectable appear ance/' as they say in the Police Courts Intelligence, who had strung upon his left arm a number of immortelles and other floral wreaths of a funereal character, whilst in his arms he carried a large marble urn full of fresh flowers, which had evidently been doing duty on one of the graves. He was at once stopped by the officials, and told it was forbidden by the bye-laws of the cemetery to remove any object, decorative or otherwise, from the graves. But these are my own property, from my own wife's grave," returned the offender j I bought and paid for 'em all with my own money." " Can't help it, sir," insistsd the attendant. " Tou must really take them back, and leave them where you took them from.'' " Never !" exclaimed the man with a flourish of his wreath-encumbered arm. " Why, I've found out that my late wife used to carry on with her cousin ! " It was not until something akin to force was employed that the agrieved husband was induced to return the portable property to its former resting-place. # # # While a small group were standing on the verandah, one of the party, a young lady, remarked as an ice cart passed by, " the ice company, through the breaking down of their machinery, reaped a very small harvest this summer." Turning to the speaker, a young lady wag dryly asked,,f Do they reap their harvests with an icicle (ice sickle). # * # I hope none of Figabo's readers will be so old fashioned as to ever say again that he or she has caught a cold. The correct observation to make such an undesirable state of affairs known is, that " you are unfortunately suffering from a temporary inter ruption of the natural vibratile state of the molecules of the nervous centre." # # # Db. Caeter Motpatt has discovered that a good singing voice may be induced by the inhaling of per oxide of hydrogen. If it be indeed a fact—and ex periment has, it is said, proved it—that vocal students after two or three inspirations of the gas in question, have emitted notes which were, " rich and full and mellow," it would seem that one has only to inhale enough peroxide of hydrogen to become at least a Montague or a Turner. In reply to two correspondents, who will please note —one writing from Boulia j t'other from Cook. The pronunciation of the name of this paper has its accentB upon the first and last syllables, thus—Fig-&-ro. The intermediate letter a, however, though of short, unac cented sound, is still the same vowel as that in the word " far," and cannot be classed as the vowel sound in the word " lad." In France, the custom is to put a stronger accent on the middle syllable, thus—Figaro. Personally, dear boys, I don't care a dump how you pronounce it— Fig-a-ro, Fig-air-o, Figgeroo, &c.;, &c.;, so long as you plank down a note in advance for Figabo and Punch for 14 months, and then read them as intelligent men should. # # # If this is not quite new, it is new enough. A young doctor recently became locum tenens for a medico who took a brief trip from his practice. Upon the return of the regular doctor, he enquired what fresh cases had transpired. "Oh," said the l.t., (t nothing of importance except a birth." " Well, and how did you succeed with that ? " " Oh, pretty well. The woman died and the child died, but I have hopes of saving the old man yet." * # # An anonymous scribbler attacked a gentleman named Hunt in the Stratford-upon- Avon Herald, and Mr. Hunt adopted a neat way of settling him. He published the following advertisement in the " Trade Announcements" of the local paper :— Lost, stolen, or mislaid, a name pertaining to an anony mous scribbler, otherwise called " An Inquirer," who seems to know everything but the conduct of a gentlmean. Whoever will produce the same, will inflict a blow on paltry malice, and receive the sincere thanks of "W. H. Hunt, 2, Talbot Court, London, B.C. # # # " I wondbe," groaned the fat old gentleman, as he was pulling on his left boot, " I wonder why-on-earth —Ed-i-son or somebody—d-o-n't bring out—an in vention—oh, lud ! oh, lud!—that would be ofreal servicetomankind—a b-o-o-t-j- a-c-k—that could jack a boot on'swellasjackitoff.—Whew ! 'tis on at last— gimme a chair, Mariar !" ♦ The Cooktown people are endeavoring to get the G-overnment to re-build the Endeavor River Bridge. The Cooktown Herald makes complaints against the native police. I expect they deserve them. Fbom an Isisford correspondent. I learn that two shepherds, with 3,000 travelling sheep, were lost on the 1st ult., between Roselwork and Tally-ho, on the Mayne River, and had not been found when the letter was written. It appears that they have abandoned the sheep, as they were found grazing in small lots. Sam Q-riffith has said:—" The Welsh people who have come to Queensland have always been honest men." Sam is Welsh and, consequently, honest. As the world knows> he is particularly noted for his truthfulness, George Ernest Morrison, of the Melbourne Age, to the contrary notwithstanding. Still, a running commentary upon the first sentence of this par. would be interesting, if made by Judge Pring, John Douglas* and Hume Black. 