LITERATURE. DOROTHY PORSTER. The plot of Mr. Besant's novel is supplied by the incidents of the Jacobite outbreak of the Earl of Denventwater and his northern friends in 1715, and its unfortunate conclu sion. In dealing with this period, in essay ing to make its manners, and fashions, and its sentiments live again in his pages, Mx. Besant had to be careful to avoid putting himself into competition with such for midable rivals as the author of Waverley and the author of Esmond. ' He has managed to elude all these difficulties with great tact and judgment. He is, indeed, exposed to competition of another kind. It is difficult for the reader, and especially in perusing the Newgate scenes in the story, to avoid com paring the story with The Chaplain of the Fleet, which was, we think, the last novel in which Mr. Besant had the late Mr. Rice as a joint worker, And possibly the reader may think that the earlier story possessed a cer tain brilliancy and vividness in its reproduc tion of olden times and vanished conditions which are hardly seen in the same degree in the present one, and may feel disposed to at-, tribute the difference to the loss of the share of Mr, Rice in the work. But, even if this allowance has to be made, what remains is Btill bo well constructed and well written, its portraiture is bo good, its interest is so strong, and its reproduction of the circum stances and habits of the time is so com petent and bright, that we feel far more in clined to recognise the merits of the story than to search for defects. A good sample of Mr. Besant's power of carrying us back to a distant past, and of allowing us to see it in life and movement, is supplied in his first chapter, which describes the ceremony of kindling the Bamborough Eire on the eve of St John, and the strange proceedings of semi-witchcraft and divination which formed part of it In this the heroine, Dorothy Forster, who tells the story herself, speculates how it is that "ghosts, spectres, witches, warlocks, elves, demons, fairies or faws, waifs, warnings, and other strange mani festations and mysterious powers continue in the North Country, yet are rarely reported from the home countries or south of Tyne." And she explains this by saying " that (sup posing the fact to be so) I know, indeed, of no other reason for the undoubted favour shown to us in this respect than the great superiority of Northumbrians over all other Englishmen in the matter of valour, strength, loyalty, and learning." She main tains that" no gentlemen in England go to church with greater regularity than those of Northumberland, or more dutifully repeat the responses," and, on the whole, " these reasons seem to me quite sufficient^ without further inquiry, to account for the great blessings which we of the North Country enjoy in the shape of visits and messages from the dead, supernatural warnings, with omens, prognostications, and the spirit of prophecy." All this forms an admirable in troduction to the mock witchcraft ami for tune telling practised on (he Eve of St John around the great Bamborough fire, under the mouldering walls of the old castle, at midnight, when several of the leading characters of the story have their fortunes told in a way which it is the business of the"j narrative to elucidate.. Dorothy Forster, the heroine of the story, is Bister of Thomas Forster, known in history as General Forster, who was the nominal leader of the foolish Jacobite rebellion, which cost the Earl of Derwentwater and Lord Kenmuir tneir lives. It is around this incident that the narrative turns. We are most skilfully made to see the elements ont of which the rebellion was evolved. There was the strong Jacobite feeling of the gentry of the north, living on their own estates, and far removed from the liberalising influences at work in the metropolis and the south of England, and with little knowledge of the feeling of the mnagAg of the people. There are many Bimmcring elements of discontent, sufficient to keep a stubborn feeling of irreconcilability with the new f^wne alive in the mind of the northemgentry and nobility. ... They live in a kind of fools' paradise, and see no difficulty in bringing bad: the Stuart line, leaving the King to follow his own religion, and taking security that he will not meddle withthe reli-' gionof the kingdom. It is even thought among them that a bloodless revolution may restore the King without any real opposition. They forget, and the Catholic gentry do notkuov, theterrorof the Smithfield fires, which re mains deeply fixed in the mind of the1 people afc4 asevea impossible for a Catholic King s^puhiw feeling, jpidefi ohly makes it impossible for a Catholic King] Ignorance* tbeeeht as exhibited 'in bunting nartiss andoth^l . nodal fee indices, www-minded, 1" of the north drifted into (j JUJ thU is irell ahowfi hy jhe location, her sun ' plunge, they do bo because a lady—the Countess of Derwentwater—throws down her fan as a gage of battle, and wishes that it were a sword. This is enough to induce the impetuous but hesitating gentry to draw their 6words and cry, "God save King James," and so rush on blindly to their doom. Throughout the narrative we feel, in spite of the 6trong partisanship of Dorothy, the good-natured, sympathetic contempt felt by her good sense -and sound judgment for the absurd cause of which she was so devoted an adherent, and for the childish motives which impelled the triflers with rebellion by whom she was surrounded. She explains the fact that the gentlemen of the Tory party were not remarkable for learning or brilliancy by the circumstance that they are gentlemen by birth, and "there is no reason at all why one already illus trious by his descent should seek glory in the contest of wit" But whether this quiet satire is Dorothy's or Mr. Besant's we need not ask. The most interesting character in the book is that of Anthony Hilyard, the Oxford student, tutor, steward, companion, and confidential friend and factotum in the Forster household. Hilyard is learned, wise, far-seeing, practical, slightly pedantic after the manner of his time, severely regular and decorous in his counsel and habits, save for his participation in the nightly deep-drinking so universal among the squires of North umberland. He is by conviction and sen timent a friend of the Hanoverian succes sion, and looks for guidance in all political questions to " what London will do." But he has loyally adopted the foolish politics of his patrons and friends, the Forsters, and gallantly takes part in their enterprise, the wisdom of which he bo deeply mistrusts. Hilyard, though now so severe and demure, has been one of the cleverest mimics I and actors and keenest of satirists when studying at Oxford, and a clever picture is given of the surprise and amazement with j which Dorothy and her brother Tom secretly J watch the changed demeanour of their grave | tutor when he finds himself in company with a travelling troop of players who pass through j the village, and stop for a time at the inn. They see him drinking, reciting, acting, in tragedy and comedy, singing; displaying in many ways the mercurial and varied talents which he bad had no opportunity of exercis ing for so many years, and also flirting with the actresses, to the astonishment of Tom, who marmtus, " Oh, Lord 1 This after what he said to me only yesterday 1" Bat the Forsters feel, having made this dis covery, that their tutor is a much more valuable companion than they had hitherto supposed, and take care that these talents are not allowed to remain dormant for the future. But we may quote a passage in which Tom, I the morning after his discovery of his tutor's I theatrical gifts, undertakes to " stuoke " him J for the amusement of Dorothy:— "' Have yon yourself, sir,' asked Tom, 'ever witnessed the performance of a play in London? ' It hath been my goodfortuneon many occasions,' replied his tutor, ' to see the play both at Drury-lane and the Haymar ket Perhaps I may be .permitted to witness Hie exhibition of that divine art aeain before I die.' 'Thebest tragic actor is said to be Mr. Wilks, is he not?* asked Tom, while Dorothy blushed. * Mr. Wilks hath certainly a great name,' replied Mr. Hilyard. ' Though I knew not yon bad heard of these things, Tom.? ' And in comic parts one Will Pinki man, I have been told,* said Tom, 'is con sidered the best' 'He certainly is,' replied Mr. Hilyard, with some surprise. ' Who hath told yon of Will Pinkiman f 'Could you, sir, give us any example or imitation of thiB ingenious man? One would like to know how Pinkiman, for instance, pronounced the comical epilogue seated on an am, on whose headiie had placed a wig.' Mr. Hilyard, somewhat disconcerted, changed colour, and drank off a pint or so of the small-ale with which be made his breakfast Then he Such hemmed solemnly, and replied gravely,' S an imitation is not, indeed, beyond my j Kwera. And I perceive, Tom, that thou st heard something of yesterday even ing, and perhaps witnessed the entertainment which I provided for those poor, but virtuous and ingenious people who pastied the night, at the inn.' ... He then, with so much gravity that one could not but remember the merry face of the last night, proceeded to dis course upon the impersonation of character, mid actually depicted before us, without leaving his chair, and simply by changing the expression, of-his face, and by various^ gestures of his hands,-the diverse emotions ] of pity, terror, awe, expectancy, rengnatiori,: wrath, revenge, submission, love, Jealousy, and suspicion, arid all ad naturally, arid with so much dignity, that we wme awed, and when see eapected to laughter tomaketh| poor man enframed, we were made ... ...wPfifi strain i fmiablp.,i'M ...... ?fbo m mm: meah_ooldhareilkedtohava:d»voW'Sot^ . . in (X>mpany virith4i^ i. «W«S» ........ ^ 