At the present time n great ninny ' farmers arc anxiously looking for heavy rain, not so much for the crops as for a water supply. The question is daily 11oil'd “ What will be clone unless the flobds come down the creeks this year.” 'List year, it will be only too well re collected, that the desired flood did not come down, and the consequence is, that although the winter is nearly gone, the waterholes have not been re presented ; and, to the want of pure water our medical authorities ascribe the recent violent, outbreak of typhoid. The question of water supply is becom ing serious and must be grappled with sooner or later. Nature has bountifully provided a perfect net work of water courses throughout the .Southern, Central, and Western portions of tlm Shire, and yet they are rendered almost useless by man’s own culpable indif ference. Everything, so far, points to a water. famine in the district during the coming summer, and under the present haphazard system of throwing b flood down the Broken Creek the wonder is that water is not more scarce than it is. The parish of Yabba has a well defined water-course running from one end to the other, and yet, for the last six years, this water-course has never run, and all for the want of a properly constituted body to expend a few pounds. Everyone knows that the gates at Casey’s very often do the duty of keeping the water out of the Broken Creek. The gates evidently are under the control of no one, and it seems as much n matter of accident as any thing else whether they are opened or closed; and, yet the welfare of hundreds is depending on the simple act of open ing or closing those gates. Some months ago it was urged on the Council, that a Water Trust be formed out of the Central and Western ridings, and that motion was carried. Afterwards, by some peculiar blundering, a similar motion was moved and lost. The i Council thus, by its own minute book, stands pledged to carry out the water trust, and we do not believe there is a , single councillor who will for a moment attempt to stand by the last motion, as it is well known to be illegal. Jf the ratepayers of the Oentaal and Western riding wish to insist on the original motion, the Council will be either forced to rescind it or carry it out. In tho interests of the bulk of the rate payers in the Central and Western Ridings we say, a AVater Trust should be established, and on one being estab lished, there is no possibility of the Eastern riding or the*Noi'!%r» portions of tho Central or Western ridings being included, as they would not be benefited. Shepparton is anxious to join a trust formed in this Shire and with these two trusts united, the resources would be gronter and the benefit's consequently multiplied. Tho Hill Plain and Pcechclba- Quoit Clubs played thoir first match thU season on Saturday last, at the Boiminhnoomonnali School, the result being a victory for l’ouoh olba by 43 points. During the game some very good play was shown by D. Boyd, W. Burt, and F. Bond. The following are the respective scores :—Hill Plain—\V. Ilovd 15, P. M'Alpino 24, J. Clark 21, D. Bovd 31, K, Toms 26, T. Toms fi, ,1. Gemmell 31, — Seiitcr 31. Total 184. Pecchulba — T. Townsend 31, VV. Ferguson HI; T. Oliver 21, R. Ferguson HI, W. Hurt 31, P. Grant 28, J. Townsend 23. Total 227 points. The St James team to go to Yarrawona next Saturday, will he choscnfrom tho follow ing :—Baxter, Bowler. Bishop, Clark, Collins, Chadwick, Klliut, Flynn, Findlay, Hart, Hayes, Holinn, Hogan, Jones, Konnody, Malonoy. Moore (2), M‘Gregor, Nicholson, Purcell, Wallish, AVcbstcr. It will l)o recollected that at tho end of last cricketing senson Mr Richards of Yarra wongu genorously offered, in tho interests of the game, a Cup, to be played for during the senson of 1884-85. For the purposo of arranging matches, and adopting rules, a meeting of delegates took place on Tuesday, nt Owon’s Hotel, Tungiminh. Tho follow ing clubs have signified their intention of competing:—St. James. AVnggnrnndall, Youa rang, Boomalmoomoonali, Tungamah, Yar rawonga and Katamatitc, and nil were represented at the meeting. Tho first mntoh takes placo on the 13th September, and it is arranged that tho final Cup match will como off on the 19th November, so that the harvest operations will not intcfcrc with players. Too much credit cannot be given to Mr Richards fur his earnest desire to see tlie nmnly game flourish, and we trust that sterling cricket wilt bo the result of the Richards’ Cup matches. In another column will be found the fixtures. On Monday evening, ono of our townsmen, Mr Milutyro, very nearly suffered a heavy loss by fire ; as it is the damage is consider able. About hulf past nine, one of Mr Fell's sons noticed Humes in one of the bedrooms owned by Mr M'Intyrc, situated ut the roar of Mr AVurm’s jeweller's shop.' An alarm was at once raised and a number of residents rushed to tho rescue, armed with buckets of water, and after a sharp fight subdued the tire, when it was found that tho damage to two rooms was rather serious. The other room and Mr AVurm’s shop escaped. The unfortunate lodgers are, perhaps, greater losers than Mr M,Intyre ns it is reported that Mr O'Shea lost all his clothes, books, and n considerable amount of ( monoy, Mr Hall also lost about L10 worth and Mr Jordon was equally unfortunate. The Tlmoim ploughing match takes place on Tuesday next in Mr Lcncord’s paddock. On tho same day there will also be a horse parade and a trial of grabbing machines. The committee have spared no pains and ns the entries arc numerous tho match should bo well worth seeing. The residents of Dovenish and district must, not forget that a musical entertainment is coming oil in the Goods Shed on the 5th September. The Second Spring Show at Yarrawonga will take place on the 4th of September, and should the weat her keep fine there should be n large attendance as the exhibits arc numcr ous'iind good. Mr J. Blackwood, of AVilby, advertises his well-known Clydesdale Stallion, Glancer. The Board of Advice election, for this district, was held on Thursday last; and as there were only four booths for such an ex tensive tract of country, the polling was low and the interest not intense. The following are the returns :—AAL Cairnes: Yarrawonga 40, Bonmuhiioomoonali It, AVilby 2, Tun gamali8. .Total 52. T. Livingston: Yarra wonga 15, Bonmahnoomoonnli 7, AA'ilhy 13, Tungamah 20. Total 64. T. Pigdon : Yarrawonga 24, Boomalmoomoonali 10, AVilb.v 17, Tungamah 9. Total 60. J. Pitman : A'aria wonga 55, BoomahiiOomoonali 11. AVilby 14, Tungamah 3. Total 83. Messrs. Pitman, Pigdon and Livingston, arothcreforc elected. On Tuesday evening the gallant Col. Smith received rather a surprise from Mr Graham, the member for Moira, who gave a little history of the Colonel, from which it could been seen that lie bad been instru mental in building up some of the large eslates in tile AA'estern district, by his attendance at tlie land auction rooms. The Colonel was furious but murder will out. The AMgilancc Committee will meet oil Friday evening for the transaction of important business. All the members are requested to attend. The Rev, C. Haggar, of Lake Rowan, will give bis Popular Lecture on Monday night, in the 'Tungamah Mechanics’ on “ tlie revi sion of the Old Testament.” A pleasant re-union was given by Mr and Jlrs T. AVliito, at their iarm Oaklands, Jioweya. on Friday evening last. Guests to tlie number of thirty were present, and the usual evening pastimes were indulged in with zest, till an early hour. The residents of Bowcya North intend erecting a Congregational Church in that locality at no distant date, and in view of that will hold a concert on tlie 3rd October. Any one wishing to exhibit at tlie Nunuir kali Show to bo held on tlie 23rd September, can obtain entry forms and full information at this olfice. J. M-Namara's Tungamah Stock Sale takes place, on Monday the 1st September. Green and Moore's AVilby Sale will be held as usual on AA'cdiiesdav the 3rd September,' and their Tlioona Sale on tlie Stb. Playford’s St. James Sale takes place on Saturday, the 6th September. The Ordinary Meeting of the Yarrawonga Shire Council takes place on Monday the 1st September, tenders for about forty con tracts will be accepted. Church of England Services for next Sun day are as follow :—Rev. A. T. Hayhow : Tungamah, 11 a.in.; Evening, 7 p.m. Cate chism Class at 10 ii.m. Our A’ouiiraiig correspondent writes:— The crops are looking strong and healthy and every prospect of doing well, except tho outs which have suffered considerably by the frosts. Fallowing is being extensively car ried on, one farmer having turned over as much as 100 acres. A grand ball was held in the Youarnng North State School on Fri day night, last, at which about 50 couples attended, and danced till morning. Bible Christian Services for next. Sunday are as follow:—ltev J. C. Freeman, Pccehelba. 11 n.m; AA'ilbv, 3 p.m ; Tungu muh, 7 p m. Mr Long, Pelluebla, 2.30 p.m. Building operations in Tungamah are at present active, and to u visitor the advance, incut that is going on, is more striking. M,. Thompson is erecting two brick bnsiness places next .the Express office. Messrs Boiirke, Hompel, Rodgers and Deschamp. neat mid comfortable residences, and our local harbor, not to be behind tlie times hus erected a commodious shaving saloon. Tlie Scots Church Bill is not drawing as it was. ' Some variety is acceded. One Harper docs not make an orchestra. A speech in three sections is ns difficult to manage as a tale in tho serials, where the art lies in milking tlie vendor long for tho next number. “Tlie ghost advanced, and raising its long attenuated fingers slowly, [said—to he eon tinned in onr next." This "fetches," but, as the session shows a spcecli 'ip many parts is necessarily of the wot* blankot order. For mi address to be effective, statement, argument, and appeal should comoat once. So the artillerists tell us tnat three separate shots, with a divided cnarge, mo not equal to one smasher,. Hav tug had experience of Mr Minims continuing an address on soparntooccaslons, of Mr Borrv *Ir Harper, there is a desire to revert to the old praotico that a member who com mences one ovoning must finish that evening -that if he resumes his seat it is at his own risk, nnd knowing that the Speakor is entitled to call upon another member, just ns the ban queter lays down his knife and fork at his ,T P"1. bo1i"8 wo11 aware that tho vigilant waiter will whisk everything away, though ho may only havo begun to trifle with the platter. When they touch theology the Scotch are all so olovor that one suspeots nml often wrongly- a dosign in nil they do. llicro may bo no object in theso protracted Scots Church addresses i but, whether there fs or not, tho result is tho same. Tho nights devoted to private bills nro few, and if the, speeches are to bo long, that conversation 15noon reports between Queen Elizabeth and Mr Spenker Poplinm may occur again, with a variation. “Now, Mr Speaker, what lins passed in the Lower House ? ” "If it plenso your Majesty, seven wcokB.” Horc the dia logue would run at Christmas Moderator: —What has passed in the Parliament, trusty brother ? Mr HnrperNot tiio Scots Church Bill.—Arym. Tlie Australian eleven commenced a match on Monday, at Brighton, against an eleven of Cambridge, past and proscnl, Tho weather was of an inclement character, nnd the wicket in a bumpy state, Tho Australians, who batted first, compiled a totnl of 190, towards tho contribution of which Spoftorth was top scorer, with 42. Giffon made 34 ; Scott, 25 ; Palmer, 23 ; and M’Donnell 22. A. J. Ford was very destructive with the ball, securing six wickets at n cost of (10 runs. Tho homo team did not make a very promising com mencement in the first innings, having, at the conclusion of tho day’s play, lost seven wickets for the poor total of 47. The only batsman who succeeded in reaching double figures wore J. E. K. Studd, nnd A. G. Steel, who scored 14 nnd 10 respectively. Mr W. Mndden asked the Minister of Railways yestordny when it was likely the Rnilwny Bill would bo introduced, and ho pointed out that as enough money was available to complete several lines that were urgently required, there was really no reason why it should not lie introduced at once. Mr Gillies said the mensuro would be brought forward when the Lund Bill had been disposed of, so that at the present rate of pro gress it will lie several weeks yet before it.cngages the attention of hon. members. 