COSMO GORDON. CHAPTER V. ( Continued. J " Oh, only that poor Mrs. Deane who live! here some five or six years ago, and—died." The bald one coughed, fidgetting in his chair. Ugh 1 he didn't half like this sort of thing—juat when you were cosy by your own fireside reading your paper, for two impudent fellows—r* Impostors of some kind, my dear. Maria Jane, go and look if the coats and umbrellas are aUright")—coming to ask after a—ghost! As thus the master of the red house by the sea fumed and fretted, two figures made their way through rain and mist back to the desolate little railway station half a mile of£ A weird sad moaning came up from the sea; every now and again a gusty wind shook showers of rain-drops from the trees that had all grown to one side by reason of years of buffeting on one cheek. Very silent were the two travellers. Clement, leaning heavily on his friend's arm, drew his breath hard and fast, and, going up hill, was forced to stop—" to get his wind." Once safe in the forlorn refuge of a thirdclass carriage—for the intended progress of which no engine was as yet visible—Clement threw himself back in one corner in a very abandonment of grief. \- " Paul, "he said, not finding, as a woman, would have done, relief in tears, but looking at his friend with wild and haggard eyes; "I—killed her. She died—of a broken heart" In looking back upon these terrible days it always seemed to Paul that the fruitless visit to the " old house at home" was the beginning of the end. Perhaps it may have been that the end was nearer thian he thought; may be the insidiouB disease under which Clement was gradually sinking was more advanced than either of them had any idea of. Be this as it may, the poor fellow never really rallied from the pain of this shock—a pain all the more unendurable because its strongest element was a bitter self-reproach for wrong done to the dead, towards whom no expiation, no reparation is possible. With increasing weakness and greater suffering came a morbid state of mind equally trying to Clement himself and to those about him. Not that he moaned over his own condition. On the contrary, he was always ready to make light of that. Not that he was impatient, for Paul often wondered at the quiet endurance shown by one, who In health had been both headstrong and ever full of restless impulse. Bat day by day there grew upcn the sick man a terrible dread of being parted from the one creature on earth who had remained faithful to him, in the evil as in the good, in the dark days as in the bright. A conviction seized upon him, and held him, that shonld Paul make himself known to his parents, then should he, Clement Deane, be cast forth to die without a hand to clasp his own when the supreme moment should come, without a hand to close the fever-bright sleepless eyes, that would soon shine and wake no more. In vain Paul tried to reason with him on the matter. At the slightest hint of his friend opening any line of communication with those to whom he had long been as dead, Clement would be seized with a fit of almost hysterical terror. " They would curse me—they would never let you come near me again. Paul, wait till I—need you no more. We have journeyed together a long, long while—it could be h.iad to be parted—at the last. When it is all over, then seek them out; tell them that all the blackest guilt was mine, but that I died praying their forgiveness—brought ba& to the feet of the God £once denied by—weakness and pain—by learning to feel like a lost and helpless child." What could Paul do in the face of such pleading? Only toil at his art as closely as might be, in order to be able to procure what comforts he could for his poor dying companion; only resolve that once he stood alone and free in the world, he would make something like n&me; and fame, and then, when they-need not blush to own him, seek out his father and mother, plead for pardon for the past, and strive to be the stay and solace of their declining years in all time to come. We are told that " The best laid schemes o' mice and men, Gang aft a-gley," And how could Paul tell that he should find honest Deb stack in a bog, with her crutch slowly but sorely settling down to depths unknown? How could he tell that, while acting as rescuer and knight to one distressed damsel, another should stand by watching " doughty deeds" with a pair of maddeningly sweet blue eyes, shining on him through the mist as Ondme s on Huldebrand through the veil of spray that arose from, the sparkling fountain ? How could he tell that time after time he should meet that blue-eyed maid " by chance," or that at last, beside the Wishing Gate, where many a rustic pair of lovers had kissed and vowed, and vowed and kissed, he should hold his dear love in his arms, and press with his own the sweet mouth that trembled with excess of joy ? These are the kind of incidents that meet a man unawares upon the road of life, apset all his plans, and drift him off down this or that turning: until, looking back, he scarce can realize himself to be the man he was once. Every flower seems beautiful with a new beauty not its own, and the song of the lavrock rising every moment nearer and nearer to heaven, is as the cry of his own heart, over-fall of uttermost content. May showed a simple and perfect faith in this lover of hers, whose somewhat shabby exterior might have taught a more shrewd and cunning woman a lesson of distrust. He was poor ; she liked him all the better for that. He had known much sorrow—great reverses. All the more reason she should be all the help and comfort to him possible. These ill- fortunes of his had been the bitter harvest of his own wrong-doing. 5Tes? Well, to own you have been wrong is to half blot out the sin. To rise to better things because you see the wronsf of the past, is to be a greater man than he who lias never fallen, staggered to his feet, and fought his wa' vay bravely onward, straining towards the ligl ignt of Heaven. Could she wait, hope, and be true, in spite of time and silence? His life, iust then he said, was hardly his own. In time, he should clear it from all cloud, all stain; and then (she had told him where to find her) might he seek her out, sure—very sure—that a loving greeting should be his ? Yes ; of course he might. She had never loved any one before, and should never love any one again, and she would wait till there was more silver than gold in her hair if he liked. . He didn't " like" her to have to wait at all; it was only cruel necessity that made him speak thu8 calmly of delay. Here he lifted first one of May's little hands and then the other to his lips; and the girl's eyes, watching him with great intentness, grew dewy. ' This is the Wishing Gate/' she said. " If you wish a_ thing here—wish it very much indeed—it is sure to come to pass—one of these fine days." " I don't care a straw if the day be fine or not; it may rain, hail, thunder, blow—do anything it likes—so that it comes," said Paul, with a wistful smile. " Well, then, let us wish—that it mayn't be—very long—before you—come and fetch me," said May, her voice "going nigh to break over the last word or two. Then they said good-by—a long process. remember. That delicate web of green that bad been flung lightly from tree to tree and from bough to bough in the first weeks of March had now grown dense enough to cast a shade, while birds rustled in the thicklvcovered branches, ever so busy with domestic architecture and various household arrangements that necessitated much chattering MID—alas! that only in Eden, before the Fall, can birds have paired and built without dispeace—an occasional battle-royal, during which some leaves and a few feathers would flutter to the ground. » A certain butcher- bird had with his mate taken to housekeeping in a thornbush—a fitting bridal- bower enough, since it was white with that perfumed snow, the maybloom—close to the Wishing Gate, and there become the proud possessor of two exceedingly ugly unfledged creatures with great months ever agape, and hideous goggle- eyes. The proud_ parent of these twin ornithological specimens, having perched himself cjjon a rail and jerked his tail about in a significant and most s impertinent manner, "-kept crying, " Kiss ! kiss ! fciss !" from which it is to be argued that he was a bird with no proper sense of decorum, fond of tale- bearing and given to a mean betrayal of confidences; in fact, thoroughly untrustworthy all round. Thus our lovers parted. How they met again we know, when May, with the late lustre of the autumn evening touching her golden hair, stood at the entrance of Mrs. Turnbull's cottage-porch, took her true love by the hand and led h'"i into the presence of the father from whom he had been so long, and for Buch sad cause, parted. It was amusing to see how Sir Peyton— delighted that the trying and embarrassing part of the whole affair was well over—fell into the most ordinary and everyday relations with his son, consulting him, referring td him, and making much of him, just as if no long parting, no cruel wrong on one side, nor hot resentment on the other, had ever existed. Almost every remark the jolly old fellow made brought in Paul, or appealed to Paul, in one way or another, even to the extent of looking upon him as of necessity weatherwise respecting the manners and customs of the elements in Lakeland, and naturally to be 0>iu6uib0d ca euoU aujjwfcd; sgmewimtUi the eKclusion of the farmer, who was on more than one occasion ready to feel himself slightly injured in consequence. Meanwnili [eanwhile long letters—letters that not even May ever saw. or asked to see—passed between Lady Bulteel and her son. Such sacred outpourings of penitence on the one hand, and love yearning to pardon on the other, were for no eye to see; but Lucy's letters to her husband must have been full of the reflected joy of that sweet interchange of thought and feeling; for he took to being his most jovial self, and had occasionally to pull himself together as though he would fain remember the freshly turned sods in Grasmere Churchyard, and constrain himself to a suitable frame of mind and demeanour of body. At last came the day when our little party took leave of Yewtree Farm. The commonplace routine of rural life was about to set in for Deb. The " fandangos" were over. Many times and oft had she to dash away the tears that rose to her eyes, for to Deb aLl this strange week's work had been as real and vivid as though she herself, and not Miss May, had played the principal role in it. And now it was all over. Not that "missy" would ever change to these good friends of hers at the farm—not she ! But Deb had the sense to know that when people marry things are never quite " the same again ; that nearer and dearer interests gather about heart and life—not ousting the old ones, but setting them further off. So Deb's true heart was full as she stood under the shadow of the biggest of the big cock robins, and waved a fond adieu to her" darling lady." Indeed, Deb waved her hand quite at random to a misty, teardimmed world, in which no departing forms were to be seen, except as outlines indistinct and blurred. As the travellers proceeded on their journey that calm contented spirit which had wrapped Sir Peyton round like a comfortable garment began to suffer grievous change and rending. It did seem a little hard upon him. He had passed the breakers and the surf, got into smooth waters, was singing (or rather whistling) at his oar, and now, behold, all manner of nncomfortablenesses loomed ahead! Worse and worse grew his restless irritation as the party neared the Latchford terminus. He bought papers recklessly and read them npside down. Under cover of a friendly rug ? Paul and May had joined hands, each in the gentle contact of the other finding calmness and content. Naturally, Paul's heart beat faster than its wont at the prospect of the meeting with that mother whose yearning desperate farewell cry, as he passed from her sight, had never ceased to echo in his heart. Had he not, when thousands of miles away from the woman who had given him so much love and found her martyrdo/n in loving and suffering, started from sleep fancying he heard that bitter cry again ? " Paul! Paul I I shall always love you— always pray foryou. Remember thatI (To be continued). 