LOCAL OPTION. TO THU EDITOR. Sir — Your correspondent,' A Woman with, a Fad' is, I fear, getting out of her depth, and somewhat ' mix'd. She says it does not much matter what the headint? of a subject is provided the facts are useful and fairly sustained by evidence, and that it does not follow because. the title seems 'irre- verent' (? printer's error) that the state ments are ' inconsequent. Well, no doubt the selection of the title to a letter or subject is, to some extent, a matter of choice of the writer ; but it is generally supposed to have reference, however remote, to the subject treated of. In any question of this sort it is best, if possible, to reduce the proposition to a practical illustration. For instance, in the column in which your correspondent's letter appears there are three letters ; they are headed ' The Wine of Scrip ture,' ' Mind your own . Business,' and 'Amateurs and the Adelaide Racing Club.' Now, if the heading of the first letter be removed, the other two shifted up a peg, and the heading of the first letter put in the place of the last, we shall obtain a practical illustration of the proposition stated. Under the heading ' Mind your own Business' would appear statements referring to 'The Wines of Scripture;' your corre spondent's letter— inappropriate as the title now appears to be — would have the still more inappropriate one of 'Amateurs and the Adelaide Racing Club ;' and 'The Wines of Scripture' would be the heading of re marks pertinent to the Adelaide Racing Club. The headings would in no way alter the value of the statements each letter contained, and although, perhaps, somewhat inappro priate, it would at least possess the charm of novelty., Having conceded this point to your fair correspondent, in return I must ask her to concede a point to me. , As the title of a letter does not affect ? the . val le of , its contents — neither can the_ signature, especially when the. signature is &hom; de plume— and as to write 'The 'Woman with a Fad' every time I refer to your correspon dent would take unnecessary time, ink, and space, I will take the liberty hereafter of alluding to her as 'Mrs. Jellaby', — the terms are synonymous, the meaning precisely the same; and as. a further abbreviation, after the manner of encyclopaedists, I will use the initial letter only, and write ' Mrs. J.;' or, as I do not know if she be maid, wife, or widow, it is perhaps preferable to refer to her as ' J.,' so that your readers when, they come to ' J.' will please read ' Jellaby.' ' J.' says the heading is of little matter if the facts are useful and are sustained by evi dence, and that if the title- is irrelevant her statements are not consequently inconse quentiaL It is here that the trouble comes in— she does not state facts and she does not bring evidence. In her- last letter she in dulged in a great amount of rodomontade, asked a number of- questions ad captandum vulgus in bombastic, stilted -language, and' answered them in an equally pompous and inflated style: which, when punctured by a statement of facts which she cannot and does not' attempt to question, 'collapse as com pletely as a child's toy balloon. ' J. compliments me by saying that with a better cause and a better temper I might' prove a formidable antagonist If having a good cause and an amiable temper has any thing to do with it I am sure I must have been irresistible. A better cause I could scarcely have. My cause was 'liberty versus petty tyranny and impertinent op pression ;' and as to a better temper, why, I was so thoroughly satisfied that: I had ' fought a good fight,' and ' acquitted myself as a man' in the encounter, that had I met my fair antagonist (provided always she be maid or -widow) unless she were like That cross old maid — Miss Penelope Bird— of whom it is said All the dogs in the parish were ever afraid. . . . . . And not so straitlaced In her temper, her taste, her morals, and waist. For 'tis said, when she went up to heaven and St. Peter, Who happened to meet her, came forward to greet her, She pursed up with scorn every vinegar feature, And bade him ' Get out, for a horrid male creature !' When the Saint, after looking as if he could eat her, Not knowing, perhaps, very well how to treat her, And not being willing— or able —to beat her, Sent her back to her grave till her temper grew sweeter, With an epithet which I decline to repeat here. I am not sure that under the influence of that chivalrous feeling which animates the soul and influences the conduct of all mag nanimous combatants in the hour of victory towards a fallen adversary, that I might not have proffered the same greeting as the Saint is represented to have offered, always pro viding as aforesaid that she be maid or' widow. As a per contra to this compliment, 'J.' 'accuses me, in company with Mr. Rees, of pelting ladies with Scripture. I do so wish opponents would not misrepresent me. I was pelting, not ladies, but local optionists, who affirm that drink is the cause of all the evil, wickedness, disgrace, and misery in the world, and who could I more appropriately name in support of my contention than Joseph and Sampson ? Joseph was not a teeto taller, was tempted day after day, and fell not ; Sampson was a teetotaller, and fell repeatedly. The one comparatively physically weak, but mentally and morally strong, with a spirit generous as the wine he drank, scorned to abuse the confidence of his benefactor; the other, with more than a giant's physical strength, yet mentally and morally weak, like Reuben, 'unstable as water,' could not withstand the temptation ; and though the snare was again and again ' spread in sight of the prey," in spite of numerous warnings and escapes, he fell headlong into- the 'toils of the fowler and perished miserably, leaving a name ' to point a moral or adorn a tale. Surely the contrast of these two characters conveys, a 'moral lesson' which local op tionists cannot be so blind or so fatuous as to ignore— the teetotaller fell ; the non-abstainer fell not—ergo, if you don't want to fall don't be a teetotaller. ' J.' says 'possibly some young men of the period would have regarded the opportunity as a stepping-stone, to promotion ; Joseph .found.a stepping-stone without sin.' Know ing, as ' Joseph did, the manners and' customs of the East, how promptly, and- effectually these little matters are settled without the tedious delays of Divorce Courts, if he' 're garded the opportunity' at all, it would with out doubt, have presented itself more in the form of a ' mantrap' ' than a ' stepping stone,', with the all but' certain prospect of 'promotion' so high and so rapid as to be irksome— as high and as rapid as the 'chief baker's' afterwards was. From the way '' J.' speaks of ' the lesson' which she thinks Mr. Rees and myself have missed, and the man ner in which she refers to the ''stepping-stone without sin,' as if all correct conduct in life is rewarded by promotion, or some equally apparent advantage, I fear that even if I were to seek to torture, as some do, ' a lesson' out of every word and every act recorded in the Bible— no matter how insignificant the act or absurd ' the the deduction, I should from the circum stances recorded of Joseph, inculcate a' very different 'lesson' from " J.'s " I fear if she has the task of inculcating 'lessons'' on juveniles, it is performed too much after the style of— 'If Tommy is a good boy, he shall have a gingerbread horse with a gold mane and tail ;' and somewhat further on, to imbue their youthful minds with the idea ' to be good is to be happy.' Children who in early life are saturated with these ideas, in alter life, when they come into contact with the world, and iina that 'good' boys and men do not always get the horses with gold manes and tails ; and that honest, upright conduct— that is, being ' good' — sometimes brings trouble And distress, too often arrive at the conclusion that they have been misdirected, and- come to the determination to obtain the horses with gold manes and tails by all means, and at all hazards. It would be far better to impress on youthful minds the sentiment expressed in the lines— Who noble ends by noble means attains, Or, failing, lives in exile or in chains. Like good Aurelius let him reign, or bleed Like Socrates— that man is great indeed. ' If I attempted to extract and inculcate ' a lesson' from Joseph's conduct it would be that he simply acted as he ought to have done regardless of consequences ; that under the circumstances the consequences were such as he might reasonably have expected, and he suffered accordingly, proving the truth of the poet's statement— Hell holds no fury liken woman scorned ; that whilst there was no particular merit in doing right, had he acted otherwise it would almost certainly have shortly resulted in his being 'promoted' to ' that bad eminence' attained by the ' chief baker ;' and he never would have had the opportunity of rising to the exalted position he afterwards attained. If 'J.' wishes to extract ' a lesson' or hold out a warning on this parti cular subject I think she might find examples to operate upon, more suited to modern modes of existence, in the works of 'Nature's sternest painter, yet her best,' in Crabbe's 'Farmer Ellis,' or 'Edward Shore,' for instance. No doubt for expres sing such a heretical opinion as that ' moral lessons' of any kind may be better obtained elsewhere than in the Bible — or 'Lives of Saints' — I shall be consigned to a warmer climate without hope of salvation. I can only console myself with the thought that I shall almost certainly have a bishop or two for company. ' J.' says Joseph is a favourite of mine — she is mistaken. I have an impression that he was one of those precocious ' goody goody' boys, who are so self-conscious of their own goodness that they are a nuisance to everybody else— in fact, it is beyond doubt that he was — or he would not have got his ears boxed by his father for blabbing out impertinent dreams — (Mr. Haggard will prove this from the very latest Hebrew Dictionary). Neither do I admire his treat ment at first of his brethren and his father. -'It was all very well as it turned out, but tor- turing them with the enforced separation, of father and sons might have broken his poor old ' aged P.'s heart.' His treatment of the Egyptians was bimply shameful to the 'last degree; the mean advantage he took of the famine to squeeze their all out of them, their money, their cattle, their land, and even tually to reduce them to a state of vassalage, and remove them as far as possible from their hearths and homes, endeared to them by all the recollections of childhood, and then to charge them about 1,000 per cent, for seed wheat, and an income tax of 20 per cent, in perpetuity to boot— simply execrable. Such conduct could scarcely be surpassed' by some of the professedly 'Christian mer chants' of the present day, whose grinding greed and grasping avarice induces them 'to take advantage of bad times to wring from their debtors goods, houses, and land at depreciated values, and cut them off from any chance of redeeming their inheritance ; in the eloquent and forcible language of the Rev. James Jefferis — more eloquent than I can command, and more forcible than I might feel justified in using— ' Men who by their unrighteous greed, and ungodly rapacity, bring the struggling trades man to irremediable poverty— who shall be delivered over to contempt, and their names be covered by lasting infamy. For what are they but spoilers and robbers?' There is no doubt in my mind that if Joseph had lived in these times he would have been presented with no end of silver trowels, laid numberless foundation-stones, and put coin on them, lent his name (for a consideration), to float all sorts of Companies, run any number of land syndicates, and have been altogether a very exemplary character— a pillar to Chapels and and a prop to the Commonwealth. Yes ! without doubt, Joseph would have been an ornament to this age. I am surprised and sorry to find ' J.'s' scriptural history education has been so sadly neglected. Did I know the locality of her residence I might be tempted to start a 'Scriptural history class' in the neighbour hood. She is as bad or worse than your cor respondent who mixed up. Noah, and Lot. The crass ignorance exhibited by numbers of persons of the contents of the Scriptures is astonishing (considering their small cost in these days compared to what they cost when I was-a schoolboy), and that too by some who pride themselves not a little on their acquaintance with them. As an instance I well remember, a few years ago a gentleman who had no mean opinion of his Biblical knowledge alluding in a somewhat pitiful and scornful manner to my utter unacquaint ance with the Scriptures, but who, on my ask ing him if he would kindly inform me where to find the following verse:—' At par-bar westward, four at the causeway, and two at par-bar' — simply gasped with astonishment, and when he had recovered sufficient breath to speak, he not only could not tell me where to find it, but actually denied its existence, but had not sufficient confidence in his know ledge to accept my offer to give a donation to a charity if I did not find it, if he would give a like donation if I did. J. says ' Yes, Delilah robbed Samson of his hair. Drink, the more cruel Delilah, robs him, of his head.' This is too rough on Samson. It is simply libellous.' What's the good of a man being a teetotaller if he's to be vilified in this way ? Samson was a Naza rite ; never drank a glass of beer or wine or a nobbier of spirits in his life ; never ate a raisin, or chewed the acid tendrils of the vine even ; and then to be accused of being a victim to ' that degrading monster drink.' This is really too bad ; but, then, some folks stop at nothing to prove them selves right. If the ghost of Samson does not haunt 'J.'s' dreams 'tis not because she does not deserve it. Samson's case clearly disproves 'J.'s' assertion that drink and crime are indissolubly wedded ; therefore it requires no sophistry, no human power, to divorce them. Countless instances could be adduced in support of my statement, but one more and must suffice. It may be within ' J's" recollection that not many years ago there lived on Yorke's Peninsula a Kind and loving soul, who, when she came to the con- ciusion that it was desirable and expedient that her husband should be improved off the face of the earth, was so concerned and considerate for his soul's salvation that— as Mrs. Potiphar, day by day, plied Joseph with temptations, and thus gave him ample time 'to regard the opportunity,' as ' J.' puts it— so she, day by by day, plied her husband with potions of precipitate powder, to give him, as she con sidered, ample time— as I think she expressed herself— 'to piepr^fe for. a better world;' and when she~,as !* promoted,' expressed. : her conviction -J_t she should meet Trim in' heaven. (If \ had been her husband she had tetter not) Now this lady was not a victim of ' the -iegrading monster, drink,' and lived in the locality in which Mr. Nicholson did not -.see a drunken man for years. And this la not the only modem instance, within the limits of the colony, of equal crime jind equal cruelty, with a more poetic and terrible refcri- , bntion/ It is folly for even peoiile with a ' fad' to make assertions so easily disproved, eo notoriously untrue. „?' ; ' ' ' ? I am surprised at. J. unnecessarily drag jjjjjgLot Into the question.' romittedliot, the Misses Lot. and a lot of others I might have mentioned to strengthen my case ; but [ omitted them as being too objectionably: bad lots to be exhibited in open court if avoidable, . and therefore Brefeired; to let them remain—, in camera I think the legal term is. As she has produced him aa an illustration of the matrimonial connection between 'Drink and Crime,'' she should in all fairness have given them their natural and legitimate order iof 'precedence— not- put the cart to draw the horse. Does she not know, or is her scrip tural knowledge again at fault,-, that the inception .of crime preceded the use of .drink? ;? That drink was as much a passive weapon used bv the criminals as the drugged bow Jpr poisoned dagger, of. the assassin? If the tale aa told be true, was not Lot more sinned against than sinning? | '??J.'s' statement .that 'when appetite takes the wheel the_. vessel makes straight for the reefs of passion' is another instance of putting the cart before the horse^eversing the natural order of things. ' I had intended to hare used a similar simile in-my-lasfrletter in reply to '' J.' in reference to her remarks on Byron. Ii ' J.' will i take the trouble to enquire of some who may have more insight into 'life' and 'the world' than it is pro bable she can have had, I thiukshe will come to the conclusion- thai- it is passion, greed, and incipient crime that in a vast majority of- instances 'takes command of the wheel, and deliberately runs the vessel on to the shoals and quicksands of appe tite; that abuse of stimulants, is resorted to by weak and cowardly spirits who, have not the courage to do right, or to face trouble or adversity when they arise, and who,- when they have transgressed, lack the honesty arid the pluck to look their misdeeds in the face, and in the event of detection they endeavour to shirk the responsibility of their actions and avoid the punishment -due to -their crimes by seeking, and too often obtaining, ? sympathy by deceiving others as well as them selves, and lay the flattering unction to their souls that but for the ' degrading monster, 'drink,' they never would have fallen, arid this will, in a great measure, account for the statements of Judges and Magistrates with references to the causes of crime. Drink is i.a patent and visible factor in the commission of crime — as a pistol, a knife, or poison may be— the spirit that conceived, plotted, and planned the crime i3 inscrutable, and the interest of criminals lays in the disavowal of ita existence. It is only by pleading irres ?j possibility in consequence of loss of control ? of -the faculties that sympathy can be ob tained or mitigation of punishment hoped for. ??-?-- 'J.' says I commend the. example of the 'lonely St. Columba?' and that -the 'good' Lord Bishop of Adelaide (if you think the use of the title -will make my children orphans please omit) does the same. Surely 'J.' must be a Scotchwoman, and if so it ?will take a surgical operation to get a joke into her head. Did not 1 say that I declined dis cussing the 'social purity' question lest I should be betrayed into advocating a3 absurdly extreme measures as A. 0. Chambers on the ' local option question ?' I much doubt if the Bishop would advocate the deportation of all the ladies to an island 'far, far away' — would it then be 'where angels dwell?'— and I am sure I would not —in fact, if I were compelled . to' exercise a choice between this course and the 'ex- tremist' measures of local optioniats,.of .two evils I would chooser-* he bi ggest, and vote for rooting up_ our vineyards, blowing- up -rar breweries, and burning our distilleries, for ' Woman, with all thy iaults, I love thee atill ;' besides, the enquiry naturally arises in the selfish mind— and over and over again that man is a selfish animal— who would iron onr collars and sew on our buitons ? _m _I am glad ' J.' says 'our good Bishop,' if -it is is only for the sake of variety. I have never heard him preach, but his voice, his carriage (I don't mean his vehicle drawn by horses), and his features (I don't mean that hard, flinty look so characteristic of fanatics, stone hatchets, and other barbarous imple ments) impressed me with the idea that they were the traits of an earnest man ; and in combination with the abuse bestowed on him and the way he has been 'yelped' at almost \- made me resolve to go a mile or two to hear him. - ? \Vhen 'saints' cavil at, worry* and abuse a good man you may safely, rely that he is Jar above 'nar.' If I thought it would be of ~ any use I would suggest to the reverend gen- * tlemen who have preached 'Drink ! drink ! drink!' to their congregations till the subject have become threadbare and monoto- nous, that it might be as well for the sake of variety to take up the subject of ' dress,' as I am informed that by far the majority of ordinary congregations are females ; there fore the subject would be more capable of personal application, but for that very reason they will not and they dare not.' Imagine what a stampede, what a beggarly array of empty pews, would soon result should one of the denouncers of that ' degrading monster drink' employ the same zeal, the same fervid declamation ; against the wasteful and sinful extravagance of ' dress,' both in its cost and its objects If he were to ask the why and the wherefore, the cause and the objects, of the recent apparently rapid and abnormal animal development observable in certain portions of the outlines of so many of his congregation, and which in so many instances form so striking a contrast to the pinched faces, skinny arms, and weak ankles to which they are allied. And then, as to its objects. It certainly cannot be as an 'outward and visible sign' of an indwelling pure and intelligent mind and an affectionate heart, but only as a snare for the voluptuous and the sensual, a pandering to the ' pride of life' and 'the lusts of the flesh.' Ah ! fly temptation, youth, refrain ! refrain ! I preach for ever, but I preach in vain. If women who want ' a fad' would devate their talents and influence to induce the young of their own sex to eschew these worse than frivolities, teach them some useful at tainment — if it is only to make tomato sauce, plum jam, or anything conducive to home comfort or home refinement— not to look upon themselves as objects of barter ; and not to go dangling round, exposing and parading their attractions to public gaze as a trades man might his wares, to be appraised and commented on by all indiscriminately ; and to regard their own affections and the affec tions of the opposite sex as something more than meie whim and caprice— to be trifled with, and accepted or discarded with levity, aa something of no account— there would be fewer seared hearts and consciences, fewer instances, of 'degradation, ruined lives, nameless vice, and hopeless misery.' In conclusion; I am not forgetful of the old riddle—''Why is Echo a female ?' ' Because she will have the last word.' I therefore expect ' J.' to make some sort of reply to this; but unless she is more correct in her scriptural history, refrain from making statements that are so palpably unsus tainable, quotes and reasons more correctly, and argues more cogently, I shall have to take my 'farewell' of the subject now. I think, in discussing this question, I have been just to my opponents ; I now wish to be generous. In conjunction with the ' local option' question a good deal has been said of the one occasion of the conversion of water into wine. I am surprised . that 'local optioinsts' have not instanced three occasions on which water was miraculously provided for the welfare of humanity — viz., at Horeb, when Hagar, weary and 'haggard' with thirst, laid Ishmael under the bushes to die ; and when Samson, after the slaughter of the Philistines with the jawbone of an ass, was dying of thirst, he again took up the bone and water gushed out. I think this instance should be most conclusive.' If a stimulant were ever necessary surely Sam- son needed it after such a féte, and if it were needed it would be quite as; easy for wine or strong drink to flow out as water, and, no doubt would have done -so. The only danger I- see is that perhaps -some one may come forward combining in his' individual self the Hebraistic linguistic erudition (P. B. C.*) of a Haggard, with the remarkable talent for, and- experience in 'ravelling out the secret of miracles possessed by Mark Twain's friend, Captain Hurricane Jones. ' " If such an in dividual -should take the matter in hand it is more than probable he would clearly demon strate that the Hebrew word 'jawbone' meant not only the jawbone but also part of the skull — that it was after all only a juggling trick of Samson's, who had concealed in the cavities of the skull a bladder of fluid, and that what he made people believe was water was actually — white rum ! lam. £ir. &c;, \ : _ JOHN A. NORTHMORE. Norwood, January 7. For the edification of the uninitiated these mystic and cabalistic letters are the initials of that profound peripatetic Parlia mentary propounder of paraphrastic phrases and sesquipedalian words— Patrick Boyce Coglin— of whose ornate oratory the pre ceding words are a faint and far-away imita tion. (We iulli-h Mr. Ncrthmore's letter nader protest, becauee of its inordinate length. .'The Woman with a Fad' must of course have the right of reply, and there the corre jpondence must end.— £d.] 