CHURCH OF ENGLAND ANNUAL SESSION OF SYNOD. At St. Peter's Cathedral the annual ses- sion of the Adelaide Diocese of the Church of England was opened on Tuesday morning, when Holy Communion was celebrated. There was a good attendance ot the clergy, and the laity were fairly represented. The Bishop delivered his pastoral address. THE ADDRESS. Reverend and Dear Brethren— I cannot but meet you in a spirit of deep thankful ness. The year that has elapsed since we last met in Synod has been one of much anxiety. It was no easy matter to take the place of your leader, when the powerful guidance with which you formerly had been blessed was brought into memory. I had (as, indeed, I have yet) much to learn. But you have greatly helped me. Clergymen and laymen alike have held out the hand of warmest sympathy and friendship. On all sides, whether in our own communion or without us, a kindly generous spirit has been shown. I should be ungrateful indeed did I not acknowledge it. But to our God, our Father, and to his ever-blessed Son, and to the guiding Spirit sent to teach us be the thanksgiving and the praise. You will not this year look for an address of any great length. I will but briefly touch upon some of the events that most concern us, and perhaps more briefly review our position and the work we have in hand or in prospect. REVIEW OF EVENTS The whole Diocese was stirred by the news of the death of Bishop Short. In any position in this new country he would have made his mark. His manly courage, his perseverance under diffi- culties, his extreme energy, his wise fore- thought, and liis constant cheerines3 are among the characteristics which rendered him peculiarly fitted to be a pioneer. Men respected him, children loved him, all learned from him; but who can tell as well as his successor what reason we have to thank God for the lines of work he laid down and for the standard of duty he set up as the first Bishop of this See ! That the Church has grown in numbers, in her institutions, in her buildings to what we now have, is, under God's blessing, due to our first Bishop. His memory will be cherished always through out Australia. But in this Diocese our best tribute to his memory will be in our development of his work. The year has brought us its joys with its Borrows. The appointment of our Primate has given us not only the highest encourage ment in the greatness of the man and his re markable fitness for so important a position, but in the fact that our organization In this great continent has now received its completion. The various Diocesesare now knit together, at least in their framework, in that solidarity and compactness which are so necessary for 'all steadiness of growth and harmony of action. Of the Bishop of Sydney himself it is not fitting that in this place I should apeak as I might be in clined to speak ; nor is it [necessary, for much has been said, and you indeed have seen him face to face. But I will add that from the interesting gathering of Bishops at his enthronement in Sydney— the largest gather ing of Bishops of our communion, I suppose, which has ever been held in the Southern Hemisphere — each of us felt that ye returned to our work strengthened and animated with new hopes, with a loftier ideal of our work, with a larger outlook upon our surroundings, and with a greater desire than -perhaps ever before for the unitv of the of the brotherhood of man in our one Lord and elder brother Jesus Christ. We may be thankful also to the Great Head of the Church for the steady growth which we see in the extension of the Episcopate in Australia. That the Bishopric of Riverina has been created and has been so satisfac torily filled must be a cause of gladness not only to those who live in that Diocese, but to the whole Church. We are gainers all along the line, while we keep touch with one another, by the spiritual growth in any one part. And the more the Church grows the more it will grow. A striking illustration of this comes from America. Last year was the hundredth anniversary of the consecra tion of the first Bishop of the Anglican Com munion for America. In one century how great the growth ! TheD, one Bishop and a oandful of clergy ; now forty-eight Bishops, 3,572 clergy, and 372,484 communicants. It is in the number of these that the growth of the Church is most remarkable : for while the population of the United States has somewhat more than doubled since say the year 1850, the number of communicants has increased more thaii fourfold in the same period. Last year I alluded to the labours of the extremely able and learned men ap pointed^ in England as Royal Commissioners to enquire into the vexed question of Ecclesi astical Courts. Their report since then has been presented. I do not at present desire to refer to it further than to call your atten tion to the extremely valuable testimony which their patient historical investigations afford to the continuity of the Church of England from a period long antecedent to the Norman Conquest. It has been the. thoughtless custom of some persons to speak of the Church of England as though her date of birth was to be found only in the sixteenth century. A perusal of this im portant report will, 1 think, dissipate any such opinion, and convince' any attentive reader of the antiquity of the glorious in heritance which is ours. My- brethren, I mention this, not, God knows, to foster a feeliag of pride and superciliousness— far from it, as I hope you will presently see but because reflection upon the fast should arouse us to a higher_ sense of our duty, for if we review our position in these colonies what is there that must greatly strike us? We are not in possession of State aid or State favour. No ; nor do we wish to be. We are so far aa all outward adventitious advantages are concerned exactly in the same position regarding the State as is the newest denomi nation of any religion which may seek its growth in this land. But we have an inward consciousness of lineage which can neither be taken away nor be bestowed elsewhere. We carry with us the doctrines and discipline of the earliest ages of Christianity as they have descended to us interwoven with the life of our English forefathers. The stream may not have flowed on always unaffected by the ages through which it has passed. The accretions aud accumulations it has gathered in its flow may have sullied for the time its pure waters. Still, onward it flows, and you look again, and a brightness has again attended it, and health and life adorn its banks. Some of you will remember one of Europe's most famous rivers flowing thus. As it leaps from its icy birthplace and rushes down the great valley which bears its name, the very rocks, fretted and fashioned by its impetuous flow, give of their substance to its waters ; and discoloured with the fruit of its own energies, and already yellow in its age, it plunges into the deep, blue of Geneva's lake. iferses prof undo, pulchrior evenit, watch again its course. Richer, wurer. healthier, vet still the same river, does it now iortn in yet nobler channel, gathering of the azure of the lake as it speeds towards the ocean of its rest. So has our Church life flowed onward, gather ing it may be new vigour in its reformation, yet bringing us the life which has moulded our nation s past, which has given England her Bible and her freedom, which has handed down onr Apostolic ministry and fellowship, which ha3 gathered the devotional spirit of her best ages into her book of Common Prayer, and would fain have taught her children of the unity of the bread which they should break. My friends, it is no light matter to be the representatives in an English colony of to-day of the old Church of England of the past. We are not more Englishmen by aature than we are (for the most part) English Church men by descent. We have thought it right to cling to the past, and, God helping us, ,we will so cling. But what does this entail unon us? First,' responsibility. If the teaching of the Church is misunderstood, if men fail to see the value of her ordinances or to be helped by the strength of her faith, how much of that may be due to our short comings? We have not, as a whole, lived as though we believed in the Church. Those - who have formed a sectional religious community have thrown their vigour find enthusiasm into the cause of the community they have espoused. But churchmen have lived as though, because once the Qiurch and the nation were (in pro fession at- least) identical, no enthusiasm was becoming except in a clergyman. And hence arose the mischievous opinion that the Church meant the clergy, and nothing more. Thank God, that opinion is fast dying out. We realize today more than for ages past the layman's priesthood and kingship. The gift of the Holy Ghost was to the Church, ? not specially to the clergy of the Church, save to fit them for th°ir office. And that which we have freely received for the common good we are bound to freely give. Each man who fails to strive even to live np to the Church's standard is a witness against the Church. Each man who does so strive is a witness for the Church of Christ. No^that many fail to find spiritual-life and help in the Church of England is not, I say, the fault of the Church, but of those members of the Church who fail to set forth her true life. We are bound to set ? it forth in our lives. We are not true to our ancestry; we are not faithful to our heritage if we do not endeavour j to discharge the responsibility lying upon us of proving by our lives that the iaith once for all delivered to the saints and handed dpwn through England for English people is yet vital. On every church man Les. this , respongibiUty, And' it i ft m trdportuto to? 'our !eaca awakening ti a due .sense of it and endeavouring by God's grace to discharge it that our true function will be discovered and realized. I do not say that we should continually urge forward the Church as an objective fact. In many cases this would simply repel But if the idea of the Church work within us as a subjective power, strengthening and formu lating our efforts after holiness, and giving them weight and coherency ; and if we are thus striving, constrained by the love of Christ, putting ' Kim first, Him last, Him midst and without end ;' then at least our pathway will be a clear one in an age of con flicting opinions and amid the strife of tongues, and we shall contribute of our be3t to the ultimate reunion of the Church of Christ. Yes, thus, because it is for Christ and in Christ that we must seek for unity. It is Hia cause that suffers. The grief must be His in greater measure than it can be ours. And the very thought that the Church of England is much to blame for the want of unity among English Christiana must make us^humble— humble as to the paBt, recollect ing the estrangements, humble as to the present, lest perchance the same causes of separation might yet be operative, and we unaware of them. Patient also should we be —patient with those who misunderstand us. It is almost impossible that they can feel about it quite as we do. And patient in the sense of avoiding hurry. We must not un duly accelerate a movement towards unity. It is coming. Let it come slowly. It will be more real. Last year I called your attention to the strong testimony to the yearning for unity shown by Professor Mellicjan's lectures on the Resurrection. Lecturing at St. Giles' in Edinburgh this year hia statements yet more plainly indicate this desire. He is not alone among the leading Presbyterians in his utterances. Professor Bruce at Glasgow has spoken quite as strongly in the same strain. We may thank God for such utter ances from such men. They will, if I mis take not, be widely echoed. For every man who loves Christ more than himself must be wrung to the heart by the divisions which are so contrary to His purposes. Our main duty then is to aim at a high standard of Christian life. We would fain raise the spiritual tone of our own people believing that thuH we best achieve our immediate duty— and take our part in raising the moral tone of the whole community. What is there especially that we may do to bring about this result? The power of the early Christians lay, I think, in their firm belief in three great fadts. First— They believed that purchased with the precious blood of Christ and justified by His resurrection they belonged to God. They ?did not question the fact, or hope some day to qualify themselves to belong to Him. They took God at His word, and looked upon their baptism as a pledge that it was true. Secondly— They believed that, ac cording to the promise of their Lord, whatsoever they asked in Hi3 name would be granted them. Therefore in His name they met, fulfilling His sacred command, and in His name they prayed. Thirdly— They believed that the Holy Ghost was in them, a living power, and in that power they worked. Now, our failing is just want of this faith. Would the meaning of our Prayer-book be dark any longer to those whose belief was of this kind ? x et is not the whole of our liturgy pregnant with just these cardinal truths ? II every nominal Churchman believed in them, acted up to them, how different the result from what we commonly find ! Now we need to enable our people to realize them better. What, I say, can we do?- As clergy we must strive for the deepening first of our own spiritual life. Every one who knows the cir cumstances of a ? clergyman's life in the country or bush districts _ of a, large colony must realize that his difficulties are extremely great. Alone, single-handed, without friend of kindred aims or con genial- mind, he has often to cany on his work amid some privations and amid great discouragements. Everything that can help such a one to feel the sense of brotherhood would be a real gain. There are two ways in which I think this sense may be advantageously kindled. The Bishop of Lichfield has lately introduced into his Diocese a Pastoral Order or Brotherhood, which a large number of the clergy have joined, the principle of- which is that a few simple rules shall bind the members together in devotional reading, in definite study, and in- prayer. I am hopeful that, with/special arrangements to meet the special features of Australian life, a si/nilar union might be formed with much advan tage among ourselves. Its details might be framed by the members, and if I receive any expression of- a wish among the clergy that this should be attempted, I will thankfully endeavour to comply with it. Then there might, I think, be periodical gathermga of the clergy for devotion and spiritual inatruction. The ember daya seem the fitting seasons. The centres might be places in various parts of the Diocese which are most easily accessible. So great are the blessings which in many Diocese3— indeed in our own— have followed on such gatherings that I am anxious they should become more customary. They might also be made, when opportunity offers, the occasion for taking mutual counsel for the best mean8 of pro moting Church life among our people.. I am thankiulthataCommunicant3' Union has been formed in one or two or more of our parishes. I most strongly recommend that this should be done wherever possible. The objects of such a union would be :— 1. To unite more closely together those_ who are the most earnest Church people in our parishes. 2\. To be a means of help to those who among many difficulties are trying to lead a steady Christian life. 3. To afford occasional oppor tunities for discussion upon matters affecting' the interests of the Church and our congre gations. 4. To form a centre for the exten sion of Church principles and Church work. Probably meetings could be held monthly, and at one meetiug in each quarter discussion could take place ; the other meetings would be for instruction and devotion. The obliga tions upon members of such a union would be of a simple character, but every member should endeavour— 1. To be present at the Holy Communion with regularity at those times which seem to be most helpful to himself. 2. To attend the services of the Church twice, or at leaBt once every Sunday. 3. To be regular in maintaining the habit of reading the Bible and of daily private prayer. The meetings of members would, I think, stir a . deeper sense of their common brotherhood together in our one Lord. They would thus strengthen each other to live as churchmen should, in unity among themselves, and in more constant dependence upon the grace of our merciful Father to enable them to live a nnA\tr vinri-if oaiic nnrl cnVipr lif(V +.r» +.Vii» (rin-nr of His holy name. I perhaps need not do more than allude to the valuable help which such an organization would give to the newly confirmed. Perhaps through its means many who might otherwise drift away wouid be helped just when they most rea lized their need of brotherly sympathy. I have already called the attention of the members of our Church to the blessing which comes from regular family prayer. Suffer me to repeat my_ exhortation that in every house where practicable, this should be the custom. Probably the clergyman in each parish would be glad to arrange, where it is possible, 'to make the commencement of a practice in which the first atep is often found to be the hardest. I pass for a moment to the consideration of two most important topics on which we desire to work with all Cliristian com munities in the colony. The first is the social purity question. - 1 grieve to say that the more I have looked into this question the more I see there is necessity for united and vigorous action. We are fortunate in possessing in this colony a Press which evidently avoids as much as possible the parade of the worst caaes of crime and immorality ; but it is too evident that sins which are said to be on the increase in England are sadly prevalent here. All members of our newly, formed White Cross Army,' which, I trust, will rapidly grow, ought to be members (and in fact should be counted so) of the SocialTurity Society. For the sake of companionship which strenghtens, for the sake of encouragement which a brave word may give, for the sake of sympathy in resisting temptations which, I suppose, in varying degree have to Toe conquered by all, let us all, whether church men or not, if at least we claim to serve the Lord JesuB Christ, rally together on this question and raise a nobler tone among our selves and revive a more chivalrous spirit. And the second is. that of Bible-teaching in the State Bchools. What I think about this question is 'now tolerably well known, and do not desire to'occupy your time, by reitera tion. But I earnestly hope that the cordial co-operation which has already taken place will continue, and that by Churchmen and Nonconformists working together in this matter we may see a decided step taken towards bringing up the children in our State snhcols in the nurture and admonition of the Lord, We certainly fail in our duty as Christians if we do not aiin.at this, or else provide some other, mode of educating them, ?which in the present state of things we cannot do. It is something to know that on this question we are of one mind with the ma jority of religiously minded people. Let us not lose' sight of it. ? ... And now, brethren, I commend you in your counsels to-day and throughout this week ;to God and tothe'word of . His grace, whiclria able to braid you ?up, and to give you an in heritance among all them which are sancti fied. / GL WVNDHAM, , . By divine permission Bishop, of Adelaide; , The Synod' met in the Church Office, Leigh ?atrsetj in th« afternoon fort the dispatch |of bnsineBs, Hia I/Ordahip the JBirixop {Treaded, and there was a good attendance of Synods men. The proceedings were opened with prayer, and the roll was presented to trie President by the Election Committee, tHe roll being then called and the declaration signed by the Synodsmen. ELECTION COMMITTEE. The Election Committee, consisting of the Revs. Canon Dendy, F. S. Poole, and T. Field, and Messrs. W. D. Scott and A. Spence, waa reappointed. APPEALS FROM CHITBCHES. On the motion of Canon Green, the appli cation of the Church of the Holy Cross, Mount Gambier, to be placed on the roll of parishes entitled to send representatives to Synod, which waa supported by the recom mendation of the Election Committee, was granted. On the motion of the Rev. F. Coghlajt, the Church of St. Bede's, Semaphore, was also placed on the roll of parishes, as recom mended by the Election Committee. LETTEBS FEOM THE ARCHBISHOP OP CANTER BURY AND' THE PRIMATE OF AUSTRALIA. His Lordship reported that he had re ceived a letter from His Grace the Arch bishop of. Canterbury in reply to the memorial sent to him by the last Synod congratulating him on his appointment as Archbishop. He also laid on the table a letter from the Primate of the English Church in Australia and Tasmania thanking them for the address presented to him. -He also laid before them a certified copy of the declaration which he (the President) made in. lieu of the oaths to the Primate after his enthronement. It would be remembered that he did not take the oath of allegiance to His Grace the Archbishop of Canterbury, but had taken the oath to the Primate of Australia instead. (Hear, hear.) He also produced the deed of covenant drawn up .between himself aud the Dean of Chapter of Adelaide before he was consecrated aa Bishop of this Dio cese. This waa not received from London in time to be laid before Synod last year. The letters were then read, that from His Grace the Archbishop of Canterbury being as follows : — ' My dear Brothers in Christ— I owe you and feel towards you a gratefulness more and deeper than my pen can render for having sent me from your Synod an address brimful of love and sympathy. Your comparison of. the . duty and work to be performed by yourselves with that which God appointed to me in Cornwall touches me very closely, and I can wiah you no better wish than that the hearts which surround you and observe you may be as fair and as warm and true as those which made the work of that Diocese so happy, and that all who differ from you may be of like metal and temper to those who, differing from me in some important views, still sought and found the spirit of Christ for their own souls, and were willing to see and understand and take part in so much common work But even this is less to me than the strong undertone which I hear in your words of comfort arid confidence in the unity of God'a Church from the beginning, as yielding to us ' out of His Word a daily renewed, constant, living expression of the mind, the spirit, of Him who / helpeth our infirmities,' and, in spite of them, will have flia own work done finally in His own divine way. God grant, dear friends and brothers, that you may find the most unworthy occupant of this great See enabled through your prayers (which he fervently asks you to continue) not to disap point you, and even made to trust to a wisdom not his own.' ' ' _ . ; The letter from the Bishop of Sydney was read as followB:— 'I beg to return to you and to the Synod of the Diocese .of Adelaide my humble and sincere acknowledgment of the beautiful and most encouraging address of welcome with which I have been honoured on my first landing on the shores of Australia. I recognise in it not only the expression of a personal kindness and brotherly sympathy, for which I cannot be sufficiently grateful, but alao an acknowledgment of. the high apirtual importance of that unity between the varioua Dioceses of our Churches to' which the very exiatence of the Primacy is a witness, and may be, I. trust, under God's, blessing, in some degree a help. You are 80 good as to dwell on the sacrifice which it costs to break off the ties, the duties, and the opportunities of the old life. I cannot deny the truth of what has been so tonchingly ex pressed ; but you will easily understand tliiat whenever there seems to come a plain call of God's Providence, such sacrifice must be un hesitatingly made, and that, even indepen dently of this supreme consideration, it can not but be largely compensated by tne extra ordinary cordiality and even enthusiasm of welcome with which it has been our privilege to be received here. It is indeed true that we are not really in a strange land. As in loyalty to the old country and to the Sove reign, from whose character the crown of England derives great lustre, so in the sense of an unbroken spiritual unity with the old Church of England, and the resolution to be true, so far as God gives us Btrength, to the noblest traditions of ber history, we are still one with the great life of the past, and pray only to be enabled to build up in the same well- tried lines the Church of a great future. Before ua lies, we cannot doubt, a grand opportunity. In spite of the many and peculiar difficulties from without and from within, of which we cannot but be deeply sensible, it rests, under God, largely on us in this generation to determine for good or for evil the religious history of what milst hereafter be a great Empire. Under this arduous and glorious responsibility we need to set before ourselves a bright ideal; we need. to rely more and more on our own spiritual resources ; we need above all, the spirit of unity binding us all together as brethren, and teaching us to sink ourselves, and to subordinate. all narrower considera tions for the common work of our Lord and Saviour.' THE STATE OF THE. DIOCESE. The President read the following report on the state of the Diocese :— ' When we nlet in Synod last year we perused with much interest the exhaustive report which had been carefully prepared, by. the Dean, as Vicar-General and Administrator of the Diocese. It was impossible for me at that time to have undertaken the task which he so ably fulfilled : but I determined that, by the grace of God, I would endeavour, by the time Synod should meet in. 1884, to have made myself so far acquainted with the Diocese by personal visitation as to be able to report upon what I had seen and learnt for myself. I cannot sufficiently thank the clergy and laity alike for the hearty welcome and cordial co-operation which they have extended to me in every portion of the large area over which our work is spread. God grant that the intercourse and work so happily begun together may be continued to the increase of His glory and the good of His Church. Several changes have taken place in the clerical staff since my arrival in the Diocese. I thankfully note that there is an increase of ten in the number of clergy hold ing the Bishop's licence upon the number licensed at the time Synod met last year. Our number is now exactly sixty, and before many weeks have passed I have reason to believe we shall have a further accession of ? three or four clergymen to our list. The changes are as follows :— Since the Synod roll was called last year one clergyman has left the Diocese, the Rev. H. E. Copinger. who, having worked with great zeal and energy in the Areas Mission, has accepted an incumbency in the Diocese of Dunedin, New Zealand. The Rev. H. B. Tomkins, who also worked in the Areas, and seriously broke down in health, has been for some months absent from the Diocese on sick leave ; if his health should be sufficiently restored, it is his earnest hope to return to woxk among us, We are glad to welcome in our midst the following clergymen, who have come from England :— The Rev. H. J. Freeland, M.A. ; the Rev. A. C. HogginB, B.A-; the Rev. R, R, Taylorj the Rev. G. S. Ives, B.A. ; the Rev. T. Wood ; and from the Diocese of Ballarat, the Rev. W.D. Lilburn. I have al8o ordained to the order of priest the Rev. M. M. Whitton, the Rev. A. Sells, jun., M.A., the Rev. W. S. Moore, and the Rev. J. S. Wayland, whom I had previously ordained deacon. I have also ordained deacon the Rev. Donald Kerr, B.A.,1 and the -Rev. T. Ward. The following changes have taken place in the incumbencies :— The Yen. Archdeacon Fair, LL.D., is now in cumbent of St. Luke's, Adelaide, having previously occupied the incumbency of St; Michael's, Miteham. The Rev. A. Sells, ? M.A., previously incumbent of Lyndooh, Pewsey Vale, and Williamstown, ias been appointed to Miteham. The Rev. F. R. Coghlan, B.A., previously . incumbent bf St. Luke's, Adelaide, has been ap cointed to St. Bede'a, Semaphore. The Rev. E. K. Yeatmm, formerly incum bent of Koolunga, Yacka, and RedhilL lias been appointed to St. John's, Auburn. The Rev. P. T. Whitington has been, appointed! as Organizing Chaplain to the Bishop's Home Mission Society, and lias especially under hia care the work of the Suburban Mission. The Churches of St. George's, Gbodwodd; St. Mary's, South-road; and Christ Church, O'Halloran Hill, have been united in/ one incumbency, to which the Rev. W. S. Moore has been appointed. . The incumbency of St. Jude's, Brighton, has been united, to that of St Peter's, Glenelg, tinder the charge of the Rev. 5. French, M.A.,and the Rev. C.E.. Young hasl)een licensed, on bis resignation of his former incumbency, to 'work as assistant curate under the Rev. F.- T. Whitington. A new incumbency .'has. been formed out of the Sontk-East Mission, con sisting of Robe, Kingston, and the .hundreds in which these are situated, and .to this the Rev. T. Wood has been appointed. The ordination of : the Eev. '. Jt ,S. Way land is priest: has; enabled me to. appoint: . Jinn.., to- :the. : incumbency: iol Moonta, which .is ^kw.,.uq ^lpngej:.-. hold with that of Wallaroo. I am particularly glad to note that in more than one parish the incumbent has been able to obtain the services of an assistant curate. The appoint ment of the Rev. G. S. lvea to be assistant curate at Christ Church, Adelaide, of the Rev. S. Hinson to work with the Rev. Canon Green, of the Rev. A. Sells to work with the Rev. S. French at Glenelg and Brighton, and of the Rev. T. Ward at All Soul's, £aBt Adelaide, ia, I hope, only the beginning of a higher ideal of Church work in large parishes, where there is little doubt, if our people realize the weight of responsibility restingon their incumbent and the gain to Church life through his having the nelp of a fellow worker? more strenuous efforta will be mado to provide the necessary funds for an assistant curate. The places of the Revs. A. Sells, jun.^ and S. Hinson, in the South-East Mission, have been supplied by the appoint ment of the Revs. F. W. Merrill and Donald Kerr. The Rev. W. D. Lilburn is also work ing under the chaplain in charge of the South-East Mission. I am indeed thankful that tho long-continued vacancy of the cure of Laura is at last supplied, the Rev. R. R. Taylor having accepted the incum bency of Laura, Gladstone, and Wir rabara. The Rev. A. C. Hoggins ia enter ing upon the difficult work of organizing the Areas Mission, I hope he will not be long single-handed, and we have every reason to augur success from his appointment. I have a peculiar pleasure ia welcoming to the Diocese a. former fellow- worker of mine in England— the Rev. H. J. Freeland— whose duties will be restricted to the work of as sistant priest at the Cathedral, to which he has been licensed. . The Rey. J. Orchard has during the past year been licensed as Assis tant Chaplain of the Borne Mission Society, and is working at Crafers, and the Rev. W. F. Marshall has received a similar licence, and is in charge of the Port Wakefield and Port Gawler Missions. Some modification has taken place in the boundaries of the Archdeaconries. For the tresent the northern boundary of the Archdeaconry of Adelaide will be a line drawn between the Hundreds of Balaklava and Dublin, and pro-, jected to the River Murray. The whole of the Peninsula, including Moonta, Wallaroo, Kadina, and Green's Plains, is transferred to Archdeacon Farr, whoae Archdeaconry will for the present be knowa : as the Arch deaconry of Mount Gambier and the West, while the district to the north of the new boundary of the Arohdeaconry of Adelaide will be in the Archdeaconry of Flinders. I have already spoken of the change in the incumbencies of Brighton and Goodwood. I have also to report that, in accordance with a resolution of Synod last year, I have care fully considered the case of the Holy Cross Churoh, Mount Gambier, and have recom mended to the Standing Committee that this Chmch be received into full union with Synod, and the transfer of the property has been generously made by the previous owner. I have also to report a similar transfer to Synod in the case of St. Bede's, Semaphore, the former trustees of which have in addition placed the .patronage of the benefice in the hands of the Bishop for the time being. The incumbency of St. Margaret's, Woodville, is now no longer held with the incumbency of All Saint's, Hindmar8h, the Church people in the former place desiring to have an in cumbent Iwho shall be able to reside among them. This, aa well as the incumbency of Lyndoch, Pewsey Vale, and Williams town, must be reckoned among our vacant cures. Before long, however, I hope to supply these as well as two or three important miaaion districts which still need clerical oversight. I am hoping also to form an incumbency, of which Salisbury should be the centre, where the Rev. T. Field, M. A., who has been licensed aa aasistant supply chaplain, has been doing, good work for the laat twelve montha.^ Let me now draw your attention to the etatiatica of the Diocese. I have to thank the clergy, who for the most part have taken great pains to reply fully to the many questions which I have this year sent out. The number of baptisms is always a test of the zeal and earnestness of the clergy. By the census of 1881 the Church people are returned as 27 per cent, of the whole population of the colony, and the total number of births registered in that year was 10,708. Probably 27 per cent, of that number, which would be 2,881, would give an approximate indication of the number of children whom the clergy of the Church of England might be expected to baptise, but the number of baptisms according to our returns for 1881-2 was .but 1,753. During laat year the number of births registered was 11,193. According to the pro portion given above the number to be bap tised in the Church of England would be 3,016, while the actual number of baptisms recorded is 2,570. This is not, of course, as it ought to be, but yet I cannot refrain from expressing my thank fulness at the improvement which these re turnB exhibit,ffor while in 1881 the children baptised were three-fifths of the number they ought to have reached, in this year they ap {ear as five-sixths of . the required number, n other words, while in 1881 there were 1,128 presumably Church of England children of whose baptism we have no record, the cor responding number this year is only 456. Confirmations have been more numerous during the past year than in the previous years. Between March 18 and December 31, 1883, 1 was able to hold eighty confirmations. At these no less than 1,349 persons were con firmed. As this number seems very large in comparison with the highest reached in any previous year in this Dioceae, I should remind you that it ia consequent upoii the See being vacant for more than : a year, and the impossibility in late years of so many confirmations being held. It is, of course, a matter for regret that while so many as 873 femalea were confirmed, bply 476 maleB were presented for confirma tion, but I earnestly hope_ that the more frequent opportunities which now will be afforded for holding this sacred rite will result in a greater number of men and youths boldly taking their stand on the side of Christ and His caxise, and that both pastor and people will find in confirmation classes one of the best opportunities ever afforded us for the deepening of our spiritual life, and for the imparting and receiving that definite instruction which has proved of so great a value to many. Perhaps the_ best test of the spiritual life of the Diocese is to be found in the number of the communicants. Both in this respect and in the number of acts of communion, there 's a considerable increase upon the numbers given last year ; and when it ib borne in mind that through the accident of Easter felling early last year and late this year it happens that.no Easter day is in cluded in the twelve' months over which these returns are spread I must consider them especially satisfactory. The number of communicants returned last year was 3,139, and the aggregate communions made 22,533, while this year, they are respectively 3,901 and 28,078. In Church building and exten sion. I am glad; to be able to report considerable progress. Among the works already completed I have consecrated the Churchea of St. Peter's, Glenelg; St. Paul's, Narracoorte ; St. Augustine's,. Port Augusta ; and the chancel of St. George's, Woodforde, while before long I hope to be able to add to this list the .chancel of St. Clement's, Enfield, and the 'new Church of St. Aidan's, Marden. Besides these I have opened and licensed the North Adelaide Mission Church, the Churches of St. George's, Yorktown ; St. Columba, Snowtown ; All Souls', East Ade laide ; St. James's, West Adelaide ; the Prospect Mission Church, and Mission Churches at Springton and Lucindale, and in a few days I shalf be called upon to open a new Church at Willunga. Of works now in progress the foundation-stones of the follow ing have been laid :— St. Barnabas, Border town, and St. Mark's, Woodside ; while : in three townships in the South-East, in two places in Kangaroo Island, in at least three places in the North and Far North, as well as m many places nearer home there are build ings in various stages of completion, or for which tenders have been already called; There are also several townships where gifts of land have been made for the purpose of Church buildings. Home Missions.1— Under the came of the Bishop's Home Mission Society, which was inaugurated last year, bur Home Mission Funds h&ve; taken a new ?departure. Subscriptions have been gene- ; rously made in answer to my appeal. The offertories have greatly increased, arid the aggregate amount of these with the funds placed at the disposal of the Society.' by the attorneys of the S.P.G. and the Church' of England Endowment Society wilL it j is hoped, enable the committee to greatly develop the work of the Society. Indeed, so : important are becoming the functions of the Society that it is contemplated that-tlie annual meeting should be held at some time other than that at which Synod meets, jiii order that its operations may be adequately discussed. The Rev. F. T. Whitington, our admirable organizing chaplain, has furnished me with a report, which I will here intro duce.' He then called upon the Rey. F. T. Whitington, the Organizing Chaplain of the 'Bishop's Home Mission, to' read his report, from. which the following is extracted:— 'Port Wakefield and Port Gawler Mission. — I am able to report that the work seems to be going on steadily arid satisfactorily. A new centre has been established in the town ship of Dublin, near Mallala, and services are also ;about to be started at Wasleys. on AheJfprth Line. At JJalaklava the building of a Churchis shortly to be begun, the Home Mission Society having furthered the move- . ment by a loan of £200 at 4 per cent, interest. Tenders are now beinj: receded for a Church to be built at Mallala. Yacka, Koolungaj and RedhilL— East November 1 spent several da js' in this Mission, and was touch pleased at the hearty tone of our Church people, despite the ' trying ; circumatance of- a lops : cbftWftued 'clerical vacarii;y,;;:4irfD to-Port, Broughton convinced me that the people of that neighbourhood will gladly do their part' towards supporting a resident Missionary. ? when lyour Lordship is able to supply one. In the meantime the catechists of the Home Mission have paid lengthy visits to this Mission, and occasionally it has been found possible to send a clergyman. Crafers and Aldgate.— The gift by the owners of Aldgate North township of an acre of ground, capitally situated for Church purposes, and the willingness of the Crafers Church Com mittee to become identified with the Home Mission movement, has led to the formation of a Mission in the hills district, under th8 care of the Rev. J. Orchard, aa curate in charge. I paid a satisfactory visit to the Mission in March. Suburban Missions.— The supply of the rapidly growing population in the suburbs of Adelaide with Church services, was a matter which your Lordship in structed me required immediate attention. On Sunday, April 22, of last year, a beginning was made by the holding of services at Islington, Prospect, and Parkside, two schoolrooms and an old Chapel being ob tained for the purpose. Since that time new centres have been opened as opportunity offered and the necessities of the case de manded, and there are now regular Mission services held at Bowden-on-the-Hill, Burn side, and Payneham, in addition to the three suburbs first named. Besides these, the Church of St. James, West Adelaide (built mainly through the energy of the Rev. F. R. Cogblan, while incumbent of St. Luke's, Adelaide), is included in the suburban plan, as is also St. Clement's^ Enfield, the Rev. J. C. Haynes having resigned the incumbency because of the increased demands made upon him by the St. Peter's Collegiate School. In the Prospect Mission a School-Church has been built upon a piece of laud given by Mepsrs. Sanders & Packard, the Home Misbion assist ing by a loan of £200. At Payneham the chancel and part of the nave of a Church have just been completed, and ar6 about to be consecrated. The liberality of the resi dents in this Mission demands special men tion. 1 he Parkside and Islington Missions are taking steps to procure buildings, the land having in each case been purchased, and a loan obtained from the Home Mission of £200. I presume your Lordship will be specially anxious for information which affords anything like an index to the spiritual results of the year's work m the suburbs, and 'I therefore forward the following synopsis from my records :— Baptisms, 92 ; confirmees, 16 ; communicants, 88 ; communions made, 344 ; Sunday-school teachers, 32; scholars, 386. Invaluable help has been given by 12 dis trict visitors and 8 lay readers. Home Mission Finances.— The very_ large increase in the Home Mission Collection Return for the past year, as compared with previous years, is most gratifying. The difference between £388 for 1883, and £162 for 1882, is. probably due to a great extent to the per sonal advocacy of the claims of the fund by your Lordship in many parts of tthe Diocese, therefore future returns may not for some time reach the amount last received ; but it may 'fairly be expected that a sustained in terest in this important branch of the Church's work will be manifested in the steady growth of the annual collection in all the Churches. The special appeal by your Lordship last year for help resulted in £749 being contributed, of which £655 repre sents anmial subscriptions. The proposal to raise £3,000 at 4 per cent, as a Mission Loan Fund met with fair support, considering the commercial depression which has lasted ever since the plan was first mooted. This fund has jprovided the loans to the various Misaions referred to in preceding paragraphs of this report, and promises to be a most important adjunct to our missionary organi zation. It may be interesting to add that in thp suburbs alone the local residents have raised, by way of offertory and donations for buildings, the sum of £827 5s, 4d. during the year.' His Lordship continued— 'Mr. Whit ington'B report does not, however, cover the whole field of the Society's operations. In order to stimulate local effort, a committee has been formed of gentlemen residing in the South-Eastern district, who conduct the management of the .financial affairs of the South-East Mission, our Society making a grant-in-atd upon certain conditions. The clergy now working in this Mission are the Rev. Rowland Hayward, in whose charge it is placed; the Rev. W. D. Lilburn, who lias been but recently licensed to it; and the Revs. F. W. Merrill and D. Kerr. I cannot too highly praise the self-denying work of all the clergy in this Mission, ana especially of the Chaplain, whose zeal has greatly influenced all among whom he has worked. The Northern Mission, from Quorn northward, is still under the charge of the hard-working clergyman who bravely is carrying on, single-handed, the difficult work of building up Church life in that remote portion of the Diocese. The Areas Mission has undoubtedly suffered much tlirough the want of clergy. However, by the appointment of the Rev. A, C. Hoggins, of which I have already spoken, I hope a new beginning is now likely to bo made of satisfactory work. For the Western Mission we hope in a short time to have larger clerical assistance than hitherto. The Rev. T. Blackburn, incumbent of Port Lincoln, is working hard in his neighbour hood as far north as Tumby Bay. The Rev. W. G. Blackmore will be uow stationed at ElliBton, and before long I hope we shall be able to send a clergyman to Streaky Bay. The Port Pirie Mission is undoubtedly thriving better since the work of the Rev. J. H. Corvan has been confined to a smaller area. In Yorke's Peninsula, while the existing Missions conducted by the Rev. F. Richmond at . Maitland and the Rev. M. M. Whitton in the southern part are carried on as heretofore, there is a strong desire and a good opening for extension or our work. Missions to the Heathen.— The only Missions to the heathen systematically helped by us in thia Diocese appear to be the Melanesian Mission, towards which a sum of £316 4s. ud. has been this year collected, and the Mission to Aborigines of Australia carried on at Poonindie. The support rendered to the former, though hearty, is not so great as perhaps it ought to be? when we consider it is the only foreign Mission effort made by us. 1 cannot think that we are discharging our full duty to the aborigines in the attempts that arc being made in the colony, to bring them to a_ know ledge of Christianity. In the four institu tions which now exist, three of which are not in connection with the Church of England, after all we gather but a small proportion of the blacks whose home8 have tj'een disturbed and country appropriated. It is true they are receding from us the further as colonists advance into what has been their conntry ; but if they are deprived by us of temporal rights, ought we not to be the more desirous of imparting spiritual pri vileges ? It is difficult to see what is best to be done, but if we have the will the way will not be wanting. Of Poonindie itself, a detailed report will be found bound up with the Synod accounts. In St. Barnabas' College there have taken place one or two changes. The Wardenship is at present held by myself, and I have placed the Rev. F. T. Whitington to reside in it as Bursar. As by the arrange ment of the late Bishop power has been left to frame new statutes and make regulations for its proper use as a Theological College and Hostelry for the Diocese, I am hoping that, after a little more experience of our needs, I may be able, with the advice of the Chapter, to frame suitable rules; but the Synod will agree with me that in such, a matter as this it is better to delay than Jto decide hurriedly, Meanwhile there are many uses to which the building is being put. Two men, who have recently been ordained Dea cons, have prepared for their examinations under the guidance of Dr. Dendy, who still retains, for the present at any rate, the office of Theological Tutor. More than one catechist has recently been living there, and an Association of lay readers holding. the Bishop's licence to work in the Diocese has been formed, which meets there fortnightly, courses of lectures on subjects connected with their work being given l)y myself and other clergymen. I may add that a special library is being formed for the U8e of the lay readerB, in which books of sermons, approved by the Bishop for use in Churches in the Diocese, are being placed. The number of lay readers who have received from me either a renewed licence, where they had been working under the licence of the late Bishop, or have re ceived a new licence from me is 106. In St. Peter's Collegiate' School the number ;of scholars has increased during the year from 150 to 175. At the University Examinations in December last one- seventh of the whole school was sent up for .examination, and one ninth passed. The success of so large a pro portion of the whole school, rarely reached in England, is an evidence of the soundness of the teaching given. The filling-up of the 8econd-ma8tership by the appointment of Mr. A. Inkersley, B.A., Brasnose College, Oxford, adds additional strength to the school. Church of England Temperance Society arid White Cross Army.— I am deeply thankful to be able to report that in several parishes these two Societies are now being formed upon the plans which after discussion were agreed to by the clergy in September last, and for which I have sent out rules to every parish in the Diocese. Work of this character is^ a definite attack upon strongholds of evilin which- we |-5an find co-operation and sympathy with 'men who in other ways do not often work with us. Most of us will recognise the need of organized action in dealing* with the sups which these Societies have teen formed' for the purpose, of .Combating. God' grant we may. see these 'grow in numbers and in influence. I am glad to report -aa increase in numbers both: of teachers and scholars; inj the Sunday-schools. ? TMnumbeparft aftfpUowB:;— Teacher?,,^ scholars, 6,705; ag&lrist; 668-aiid 6^226 kst year. A. small committee, consisting of the ?Ven..Archdeacon Marryaty the Revs.. Canon Howell and S. French, nave drawn up an ex ceedingly useful ? Beriea of lessons for use in the Sundaj -schools, and I have no doabtthat with their introduction we shall find an im provement in the general instruction given ; but it is with sincere sorrow thot I haS'e to inform the Synod of a heavy loss which we have sustained in the death of Mr. F. H. Carter, the Secretary to our Sunday-school Union, whose life was spent for othera, and v.-hose example of disinterested labour is, to all who knew him, a continual incentive to work for the Master, into whoae rest he ha3 now re turned. In the few dayschools we' pO3se33 good work is going on. I have to thank the Rev. H. M. Pollitt for his inspection of them and the report he has furnished. The question of the completion of the Cathedral I bring before you in another shape. I will only here add an expression of my thankfulness Btthe maDner in which it is, generally speaking, filled, and for the real beauty of its services. Perhaps the service of thanksgiving in which we joined when our Primate, the Bishop of Sydney, first set foot on Australian soil, on March 29, should not pass without notice. That spirit of thankfulness for his arrival will, 1 doubt nob, increase tho more the longer he ia spared to guide us.' STANDING COMMITTEE'S REPORT. From this report we gather that the Synodal assessments received during the past year have been sufficient to meet the expenditure and to pay off the balance due at the end of the previous year. The whole of the assessments have. been paid, except Christ Church, Mount Gambier (balance); St. Paul's, Orroroo ; St. Mary's, Caltovie ; and St. Augustine's, Virginia. The assess ment for Mount Gambier was fixed on an incorrect return, and the committee recom mended that the payment of the balance should be excused. In consideration of the i difficulties with which St. Augustine's, Vir- ' ginia, has had to contend, it was determined not to apply for the payment of its assess ment for the past year. The committee esti mate the expenditure for the ensuing year at £320. Towards meeting this they propose an assessment of 9d. per sitting let, which will produce the sum of £302 7s. 6d. The reduc tion in the rate per sitting let has been made in the expectation that. the Cathedral will this year take its share in the expenses of Synod. Committee present a table, showing the collections and assessments received from each Church and the amounts paid in grants in aid of clerical incomes for the past year, aed the proposed assessments for 1884-5. The following is a comparative statement of the annual collections and assessments received duringthepastthrec years, andof theamountB paid in aid of clerical incomes :— Received- Synodal assessment, 1881-2,- £266 183. 4d.; 1882-3, £254 17s. 8d\; 1883-4, £314 8a. 8d. Homo Mission Fund, 1881-2, £152 10s. 6d.; 1882-3, £162 17s.; 1883-4, £388 2s. 3d. Mission to the heathen, 1881-2, £151 10&. 5d.; 18S2-3, £152 10s. 3d.; 1883-4, £183 17s. 4d.- Paid— Grants-in-aid of clerical incomes, 1881-2, £491 5s. 6d.; 1882-3, £505 19s. 5d.; 1883-4, £559 I63. 9d. Committee have much pleasure in call ing attention to the very large increase in the amount of the collections in Churches for the Home Miesion Fund. In 1882-3 £162 17s. was collected, whilst during the past year the sum of £388 2s. 3d. was received. The amount collected for missions to the heathen during the past year (£183 17s. 4d.) has been paid to the Treasurer, of the Malauesiau Mission. ELECTION COMMITTEE'S REPORT. Memorials were received from the Church of the Holy Cross, Mount Gambier; the Churches of St. Bede's, Semaphore; St. John's, Salisbury; and St. Clement's, En field : praying Synod to recognise them as parishes, and to grant them representation in Sj nod. Committee recommended that the two former applications should be granted, but could not recommend that St; Clement's Church, Enfield, should be admitted, as it could not be recognised as a pariah while included in the Bishop's Home Mission, and the income guaranteed was not a reasonable one. They thought that owing to the uncer tain position of St. John's Church, Salisbury, the application from that Church should be held over for a year. CLERGY ANNUITY FUND REPORT. In accordance with a resolution of Synod, £215 16s. 10d., the unexpended income on March 31, 1883, was transferred to the Capital Guarantee Fund, and the subscrip tions to this fund during the past year have amounted to £83 14s. The income has been £454 7s. Id., and the expenditure £36 17s. lid., .leaving a net profit of £417 9s. 2d. Three clergymen have joined the fund during the year and two have with drawn ; one of these left the Diocese, and the membership of the other ceased on his Semiums being two years in arrear. Out of ty-seven clergymen licensed in the Diocese thirty-nine are members of this fund. CLERGY WIDOW AND ORPHAN FUND REPORT. During the paBt year three clergymen have ceased to be members of the fund and four clergymen have been admitted to member ship. The number of annuitants has not altered. The following statistics are given in continuation of those published last year :— Number of clergy licensed in the Diocese, 57. ; number of clergy subscribing— married, 32; single, 3; widower without children. 1; total, 36. .Number of clergy . who have ceased to be subscribers since the commence ment of the fund through death, resignation, and departure, 27. Number of annuitants widows, 3; children, 2, The committee oall attention to the fact that there is nothing in the regulations to limit the age up to whiqh a cleigyman may apply for admission to membership. 1 hey are of opinion that rio clergyman above the ; age of 45 years should he admitted, and they therefore recommend Synod to pass a [new regulation to that effect. ? ? i NORTH-ROAD CEMETERY REPORT. ' [ Committee present an account of the re ceipts and expenditure for the year ending March 31, 1884, showing a balance in hand of £113. 14s. 9d. Part of this balance will be re quired for the completion of the ivall sur rounding the cemetery, the total cost of which will be about £150, of which £91 2s. lias been.already paid. As funds' permit the committee propose to form a Sustentatiqn Fiind for the future care of the cemetery, as the income derived from the sale of leases will gradually cease; alBO, to build a care taker's lodge and improve the present office. Satisfactory arrangements have be6n made with the gardener, and the cemetery is now kept m good order. The number of burials during the year ending March 31, 1884, has been 93, against 83 for the previous year. REPORT OF SUE- COMMITTEE APPOINTED WITH REFERENCE TO FUNDAMENTAL PROVISION NO. 14. : Committee report that it is desirable to alter Fundamental Provision No. 14, for the following reasons :— 1. That at present there is no provision for the recognition by Synod of congregations or Churches not entitled to representation. 2. That in consequence of this many congregations and Churches re ceive aid from Synod, while Synod has no power to make any enquiry aa to their trusts, position, ? or management. Committee are of opinion that all Churches or conpregationsin the Diocese should in some way be recognised 'by Synod, and that when Synod is appealed to for assistance it should be in a position to require that the congrega tion or Church seeking its assistance should first obtain recognition by it, At present the only way in wnich Synod can recognise a Church is by granting it representation. Your Committee therefore recommend that a new fundamental provision be made by which Churches or cpngregations may re ceive Synodal recognition otherwise than by means of representation. They also think it desirable that Churches seekicg representa tion should have first been on the list of Ghurchea recognised. They therefore pro poae that the present Fundamental Provision ? No. 14, with schedule 0,' be repealed, arid new provisions and schedules be substituted. INCORPORATED CHURCH OF E-iGr.AND ENDOW MENT SOCIETY REPORT. . j Estimated net income for the year, £850. Vote to the Lord Bishop for the year 1883. for missionary purposes and the importation of clergy, £600 ; estimated balance/that .can be paia.to Synod during 1884 towards the endowment of. Churches upon their applica tion and advice that, the parish has contri buted its proportion, £250. ? ..???-??? 1 POONINDIE NATIVE MISSION INSTITUTION, i Mr. E.: G, Blackmore read the annual report of the Poonindie Mission Station. He testified to the care which had been taken bf the property generally, and to the- satisfac- tory condition of the natives on thestatiorii He indicated tho result of the agricultural and pastoral work on the station during the past year, which were generally satisfactory. He was confident that good .work was being done, especially ampng.the children, but not much permanent good could be hoped for while the influences lor good were suspended from time to time by outside influences. Ihere was nothing to prevent the adults leaving the place when they pleased, and though they were generally anxious to be taken back sconer or later they were none the better for their absence. On March 31 last there were 16 married people, 8 single-men^ 2 single women, 13 children with parents, 6 orphan boys, ami 8 orphan girls,' making a total of 53 in the institution, while 23 chil dren were in attendance at the school. In reply to the Rev. S. French, the Presi dent atated that he had received a private letter which indicated that the( spiritual results of the work at the station had been highly satisfactory. ? The Rey. C. G. Taplin asked why some of the natives had left Poonindie and gone to the Point Pevce Station^ Mr. Blackmore said he was not aware that an./ natives had. voluntarily. left JPoo nlndie. and; gone |o; Point Pearce,.It was fotijid necessary fromtiineto time to send -The report was adopted. . vVOTE OF THANKS TO THE BISHOP Archdeacon Far2, in the abseW nf Mi* Dean, moved-' That the thanka $ &$$ be giren to His Lordship the Bishop for his valuable pastoral address and report on the fltate of the Diocese, and that they, with the statistics of the Diocese, be published in the bycod report.' He did not wish the motion to be treated as a formal one, and he waa quite sure that it would be cordially and heartily supported. The addresses delivered tL™ 1ft6shiP- t0 which so muchatten b on MeS°H-alffays left a ereat imprea ?l°°!?^oodonhim, and he was sure that to them 6 Wlth aU the othera who lifltened ThJn^vSrf0^0 8econded the motion. RSJS&i; hA 1 beeu Presented to His good had been wrought by the zeal and energy thrown into his work by HisTl-sSl ship, and signs of the new life infuBerjjTv the Church as the consequence wereY^a be noticed on every hand. The missions especially had made great Btride3, and considerable credit was due to tha organizing chaplain. It waa gratifying to find that the Church had been well supported despite the commercial depression that had existed, and it was especially-satisfactory to find an increase in the number of communicants. He recognised that it was highly desirable that some means should be devised to increase the number of male oommunicants, and that some organiza tion should be set working with the view of laying hold of young men who could not apparently now 'be retained as members of the Church. He also thought that it waa the duty of the Church to devote much more attention to the aborigines. He feelingly re ferred to the death of Bishop Short; and said it must have been gratifying to Turn to see that his work had been taken up by so able a successor. (Hear, hear.) ! The motion was carried unanimously, with acclamation, and Hia Lordship briefly re plied. . ADOmON OF REPORTS AND ACCOUNTS. ^ It was proposed by the Hon. H. Scott and seconded by Archdeacon Farr— 'That the reports of the Standing Committee, thoClergy Widow and Orphan Fund, tho Clergy Annuitv Fund, and those re the North-road Ceme tery, the episcopal income, Fundamental Pro vision No. 13, the model trust deed, parish boundaries, and-the determinations of Synod Pe received, ^taken as read, and published It was proposed by Mr. A. Boult, and seconded by Sir. W. TnuRSTox-'That the balance-sheet of the Treasurers of Synod for the year ending , Eaeter, 1884, and the accounts of the Clergy Widow and Orphan Fund, the Clergy Annuity Fund, the General' Synodal Endowment of Churches Fund, the Bishops' Mission Committee, the North-road Cemetery, and the Melanesian Mission, be received, adopted, and published in tho report.' Carried. It was proposed by Canon Green, and seconded by Rev. A. Sells—' ' That the thanks of Svnod be given to the attorneys of the S.P.G., the Dean and Chapter, the trustee of the Allen Pastoral Aid b'und, and the committees of the Incorporated Church of England' Endowment Society, and the Dio cesan Library for their accounts, reports, and statistical returns, and that they be received and published in the reports.' Carried. ,' The Clergy Widow and Orphan Fund re port and the report on the North-road Cemetery were adopted. . - ?. It waa agreed— 'That the Clergy Annuity Fund report be adopted, and that the Stuid ing Committee be authorized to add the sum of £256 18s. 2d., being balance of unexpended income on March 31, 1884, to the Capital Guarantee Fund.' ' THE CATHEDRAL AND THE SYNOD. Mr. A. Boult moved— ' That this Synod is of opinion that the Cathedral should take its share in the expenses of Synod in common with the other Churches of the Diocese.' He said it appeared to him that the fact that Synod existed for the benefit of the Cathedral as much as for any other Church iu the Diocese and that the Cathedral was vested iu the Synod were powerful reasons why the Cathedral should contribute to Synod in common with other Churches. Further, he understood that His Lordship was about to invoke the Synod's help in the completion of the Cathedral, and the assistance would un doubtedly be far more readily given if the Cathedral was placed on the same foot ing as other Churches in relation to Synod. There were two methods by which the Churches were assessed. The first was that of charginc 9d. per seat let, and if no seats were let a charge of 9d. in the pound on the stipend of the clergyman was made. The amount payable on the stipend of the Cathedral clergyman would only amount to about £10 a year. Captain Jep.vois seconded the motion, and said that there was a feeling that the exemp tion of the Cathedral from the expenses of Synod was invidious, and that the Cathedral should _pay the small amount necessary to ? place it on the same footing a3 other Churches. Mr. W. D. Scott did not oppose the motion, but thought the Cathedral should be represented in Synod before it was taxed., Mr. W. S. Douglas pointed out that the congregations attending the Cathedral con sisted to a great extent of dissenters, who came and went irregularly, and it had not paid_ the working expenses. His Lordship said he did not think that the regulations allowed of the clergyman's stipend being taxed as suggested. Mr. S. Toms thought it was time that the Cathedral contributed to the expenaea of the Synod, and was represented in the Synod.1 The Rev. C. G. Taplin thought the pro posal if carried out would rednce the Cathe dral to the footing of a parish Church. Canon Green moved as an addition the words— 'And that for tin's year the assess ment be fixed at £12.' Hia Lordship stated that he recognised that this was a most important question, aa there hadbeen grumbling in certain quarters because it had been asserted that the Cathedral did not pay its fair share towards Synodal expenses. He waa, perhaps, rather speaking to the original proposition than to either amendment wlien he said that he did not think, in the face o£ the regulation non fundamental, which said that the assessment towarda Synodal expenses should be based upon the members of the congregation, that it would be wise for them to make any lea]) in the dark in the matter. It might be all very well to say that they were adopting the practice followed with regard to the' other Churches, but the other Churches were riot likely to extend the number of their sittirlgs. Inthecaseof the Cathedral, however, they hoped to see it largely increase, and when it did it might occur to some one that the Cathedral should contribute in the legal way, and they would then see that if the Cathedral had an attendance of 2,000 people it would press most heavily upon it if it had to give towards Synodal expenses on the basis 01 the rate laid down in the regulati*i. He could not help hoping that the %ame course would be adopted, which would not commit them to anything until the whole matter had been carefully enquired mto. Dean Russell could not help reTettine that the course which had been pimms^ at Christchurch, New Zealand; had not '» followed here-that all matters relating to the Cathedral should be approved by tho Synod. He hoped some day to see that done.but in the meantime he agreed with the Bishop that it would be unwise to de cide the matter hurriedly. He thought that the best course to pursue would be for them to signify to the management of the Cathe dral that as that Church had a large annual income it would be a graceful action if they made a donation towards the expenses of the Synod. . The amendment was put and lost on a division by orders. The Hou. H. Scott then proposed a further amendment— ' That the question be sub mitted to the Standing Committee for report at the next session of Synod.' : , .Carried. :. The amendment waa then put as a subafcan tive motion, and was lost, so that the wnole matter lapsed. ? ? Mr. A. Boult proposed, and Captain Jeevois seconded—' That the assessment for Synodal expenses be as proposed by tha Standing Committee.' Mr.^ Anthony proposed as an amendment to strike out all the words after ' expenses' and insert in- lieu of them the words 'be calculated at the rate proposed by the Standing Committee, plus one-ninth.' The amendment was rejected, and tLo motion carried. THE MELANESIAN MISSION. . , It was resolved 'that all amounts receivcci by the Synod during the ensuing ye%J° missions to the heathen be paid *°.tbeAJ^. surer of the Melanesian Mission, unless oiuei wise-directed by the parish contributing GIFTS TO THE SYNOD. , . ?The Eev.F. E. Coghlan F0P°f g^ffi Mr. A. Bodlt seconded- Ttat ? b fe Synod /or Church purposes. Can'ied# ,nxr nv THE GENERAL SYNOD. DETERMINATION OF^THb,, .^ Archdeacon FAEKpropo Q j 6 of ^etermmatitm ^ ? ^ Synod, made OctoDe . ^;that t^Se^1ioa^,:a9;f0U9.wft: \-- . / ' Wheneyer the See of the Metropolitan of a province, excepirin the case of Sydney, bjau become vacant theSynod of the Diocese aj*u. nominate in such, manner as may to 1 * expedient two duly qualified '?.P%$gJ£'§ Bifhopa of the province Md ^gggfj a such two persons the saw shaa ^ ^ majority of them sha' « Metropoli Metropohtan »* ?'!}£%, that it shall be tied See. p^^iid S^od, in place of the competent for u«.. ^ lified perSOn3} ahove npminanonun.ttee ^ ^ ^ ^ to aPP0'fUi.iie r»rovince. or with a committee Bi£Sd by suPch t Bishops, and suchDiocesan Sdttee, and the said Bishopa or their committee, shall have power by concurrent majorities to elect a duly qualified person, who shall be Metropolitan of tie said pro vince ' The object of Ma motion was really to unite the Diocese of Australia as one whole for so long as they held out against this determination that result coulcL*aot be arrived at, as the determination could not become the law of the General Synod. All the other Dioceses had accepted it, and they alone refused to do so. No doubt they would have to give up some thing, but he held that even If they had to yield a great deal it would be well for them to follow the example of the other Dioceses in oqfcr that they miaht act for the general goofll-the Church 'throughout Australia. It ML been contended that this would limit their choice of a Bishop, but that would not be sonnless they became a MetropolitacaJ bee. They need never become that, and even « they did all that . they would £a™Jked would be to nominate two dnly.-q'31^' JKistothe Bishop of the provge^o £onld then elect the^Ietropohtan, «ste«i« electingone person and submitting ^ '££? to the Wops of Australasia, who might reject him or not as they ^f^^ T^Swi^HHCom-pro^ncialBishop^to nStm recommed a Bishop to the See tmnld be taken away : but it would still remain, only they would have to. obtain the assent of the Bishop of the province. They should recollect how Sydney had given up rights which it valued highly for the good of the whole Church, and they ought for the Eafce of unity to agree to the motion. The Rev. F. 'Williams seconded. Canon Howell opDOsed the motion, and contended that it would be improper for them to jive up a most important privilege. It waa inevitable that Adelaide would be the Metropolitical See of South Australia, and therefore they must contemplate legis lating for it in that light. A_ great difficulty might arise if the nomination of two persons for a Bishopric had to be followed. The See might be united as to one man, but they would be compelled to send in two, and it might happen that the Bishops of the province not agreeing or not appreciating their feeling thoroughly might select the wrong man. He hoped the motion would not be carried. Archdeacon Maebyat thought that the resolution could be put to the General Synod to consider their views, and if they would not accept them then for the sake of nnitrv they might give way in the matter. He would therefore moye as an amendment — ' That the representatives be requested to bring Determination No. 1 of 1SS1 before the next General Synod, with the view of sepa rating the election of the Primate from the determination respecting the election of a Metropolitan, and to the alteration of themode of the election of a Primate and that of a Metropolitan.' He thought that the un satisfactory working of the mode proposed here had Tbeen shown in the selection of a Bishop for [Sydney, and if they wanted any further example they might look at the difficulty that was experienced in electing a Metropolitan some time since at Montreal. This procedure was opposed to Church hiBtory, and he thought that, bearing all these facts in mind, they ought to leave the appeal in its present form, because it waa opposed to one of the nonfunda mental regulations. He looked forward to the time when Adelaide would be a Metropolitical See, and if they were to agree to the determination they would give up the rights of election which they now possessed. He thought that as the Bishop of Adelaide must be the Metropolitan of the Diocese they might fairly ask for the separation of the two questions which were involved in the determination— viz., of the election of Metropolitan so as not to interfere with the rights of the Diocese of Adelaide to elect its own Bishop in accordance with the fundamental provisions of the Diocese. Canon Coombes supported the amend ment. Dean Russell did not agree with Arch deacon Marryat, and held that the Synod ought not longer to hold aloof from agreeing to that which would ?'end to the unity of tha Church in Australia. Mr. H. S. Asthony said, although he rose to rapport the proposal of Archdeacon Fair, he thought it could scarcely be carried in its present form. It should be proposed to accept the determination, and to ask for leave to bring in a measure to alter the regulations not fundamental so that they might agree with the determination. He pointed out the manner in which the deter mination, if agreed to, would affect the DioceBe of Adelaide, and Btated that it would undoubtedly be the best thing to adopt the determination. The Rev. S. Fbesch supported the motion, and Baid that it was probable that the deter mination would become applicable to Vic toria and Queensland long before it affected South Australia, and that they would have an opportunity of seeing how the experiment worked. Canon Green thought the other eolonie3 might make their trials of the arrangement without any interference from this colony, and that we had better await the result. ? His Lordship jointed out that the deter mination had been brought forward for the express purpose of strengthening the Church in her organization and extending as far aa possible the formation of provinces through out Australia. He pointed out that accord ing to Bingham the Suffragan Bishops had the right to chose and consecrate their own Metropolitan, and this was as it should be. He did not think that they could do better than accept the determination of Synod, as by doing so the work of the Church would not suffer, and any sacrifice that was made would be for the e»k,e of unity, lilfi amendment was put and lost. A vote by order was taken on the motion, with the result that 11 clergymen and 17 lay men declared for the motion, while 11 clergy men and 7 laymen voted against it. As it required a majority of each order to carry the motion it was declared lost. . ELECTION OF OFFICERS. The following gentlemen were appointed members of the Standing Committee :— Dean Russell, Archdeacons {Farr and Dove. Canon Green, and the Revs. Si French and F. S. Poole, Hon. H. Scott-Captain Jervois, Messis. H. S. Anthony, C. H. T. Connor, W. J. Douglas, C. B. Young, W. D. Scott, J. G. Pitcher, F. Halcomb, A. Spence, A. Boult,J. H. Cunningham, G. M. Turnbull, and W. Frampton. The following gentlemen were appointed general Synod representatives:— The Dean, Archdeacons Fair and Marryat, Canons Green and Howell, Rev. S. BYensh, Messrs. C. B. Young, W. S. Douglas, J'. G. Pitcher, Captain Jer^bis, A. Bpult, H. S. Anthony; emergency— Revs. Canon Andrewa and F. R. Coghlan and Messrs. J. E. ' Dempster and H. E. Downer. Messrs. W. S. Douglas and A. Spence were appoisAed Treasurers, and Messra. G. M. TuroiMfand J. G. Pitcher Auditors. Mr. DemjJljffiras appointed Church Advocate. CanroHwfombs, Andrews, and Green, the Rev. A. Sells, S. French, and F. R. Coghlan, Messrs. A. Spence, C. H. T. Connor, N. 'Warren, H. S. Anthony, R. J. Turner, and C. B. Young were appointed Assessors. The Diocesan Court of Appeal was constituted aa follows :— Canon Howell, and Messrs. C. B. Young and W. D. Scott. EOLL OF SYNODSMEN'. The attendance roll waa a3 follows:— Holy Trinity, Adelaide, Rev. Richardson K«d, G. Mayo, S. Toms, W. Shakespeare ; Christ Church, North Adelaide, Ven. Arch deacon Marryat, M.A1, Rev. G. S. Ives, B.A., D. Garllck, W. Frampton, J. Barker, C. J. Sanders ; St. Luke's, Adelaide, Ven. Archdeacon Farr, LL.D., £. G. Madley, F. J. Blades, J. H. Cunningham, J. Chambers; *t. Paul's, Adelaide, the Very Rev. Dean Rusaell, B.D., Hon. J. C. Bray, G. M. Turn ™n,,J. H. Grundy, H. S. Anthony: St JoW Adelaide, Rev. F. S. Poole, M.A., i; !*? S^. C. Lawrance, R. W. Tribe ; Tu ^ s,. p°rt Adelaide, Rev. Canon Green, f t -u \5inson' J- E- Dempster, J. Cleave ; Aaa*5JrT°Se5-ai Norwood, Rev. Canon &S;|i: C. B. Moncrieff, C. Lyons; All H. Wffl-™?^. Rev. H. M. Pollitt, WoodviHe1 OT- Hardy; St. Margaret's, drew's, \y^v ?1,I)e Mole; St. An H. T. Connor .|lllleT' ^' Halcomb, C. Re 7. E. JenKiu Vfc's. Kensington, Smyth: St. G^J;\TWiEg, C. E. Owen tin's, Umpbento^'BT^^forde, St Mar Downer; St. Michael^ \r;Hoimer, H. E. Sella, M.A., A ? Mac&S;^«n,Eev. A. Glen Osmond, Rev. w ft 'vjj Saviour's, Wiles: St. Mary's, South *dl.?- J- H. Church, O'Halloran Hill, r£v~ ^? Christ A. F. Weaver : St. Jade's, Brfev?1 M??re- S. French, M.A., A. Spence7iV°% ^v' Glenelg, Rev. A Sells, ,un., iiA. w r J' Aldinga, Rev E. k. Miller, C?'T. Har£Se8 St. James's, Blakiston,-Chnrt Church, Moun Barker, St Thomas's, Balhannah, Rev J \V Gower, J. Forster, T. J. S. O'Halloran ? St George Bj Gawler, Rev. Canon Coombs, W R, Lewis, S. B, Rudallj Christ Church Kapunda, Rev. J. M. Donaldson, W; B.-i Scott; St. Mary's, the Bnrra.-Rev. H. Howitt, G. H. Catchlove, A. Boult; -St Jude's, Port Elliot,- Holy Evangelists', Goolwa, St. Augustine's, Port i Victor, , Rev. CanonHowell, M. A.,H. Field; Christ Church, Mount Gambier, H. A. Price, R.J. Turner ; St Thomas's, Port Lincoln, Hon. H. Scott. Ji. G. Blackmore ; Christ Church. Yankalilla, St. James's, Glenburn. Rev. Omon Morse, Sev' J S Wayland/E. Elpbick, H. Mildred; Tnhn's Auburn, Rev. E. K. Yeatman M.A.; it iWs WiUiamstown, J. Warren; Woulden W. Thurston, and E. Thurston. The follo'wing clergy holding the licence of Hip Bishop were present :— Rsvs. J. H. Srvan. B.A., Canon Dendy, D.D., T. Field, Cr A. H. J. Freeland, M.A., A. C. Hoggins, 3aT, K. Kenny, M.A., D. A. Kerr,l.A., W. f. Marshall, F. W. Merrill, J. Orchard, A G. RawBtorne, M.A., F. Williams, M.A., F'. T. Whittington, F. R. Coghlan, and W. W. Lilburn. The Synod adjourned till 3 o'clock to-day. 