Ghost or Dream ? Some years ago, îny father lost all his proper suddenly, and died soon after- of a broken heai My mother also died soon after him, and left n quite alone in the world. Shortly after, I went as governess into a gentl man's family, and have lived in similar situation ever sinco, seldom being thrown on my own ri sources for very long together, and now a kin friend having left me a little annuity of ¿£50 year, and have ¿£300 of my own in the bank, I ai looked upon as quite a lady of property in thi little village, and visit in all tho most gente( \- families, including tho clergyman's. After I had been engaged in teaching for som years, I wa3 without any pupils for nearly thrc months. It was near tho end of October, and was becoming anxious, for my littlo stock o money was running very low, and tho winter wa coming on, when, of course, my expenses woul be increased. I advertised and did everything it was possibl to do, but all to no purpose. My advertisement were either not answered, or the people who cann wanted German or Binging, or the harp, or some thing else that I could not undertake. I hac never been thrown on my own resources for s< long a time, andi was almost in despair wher ono day two gentlemen called, and one of then asked me if I objected to go into the country. I said at once that I did not. First he looked very hard at me, and then at the other gentle man, who did not speak to me, but gave a little nod approvingly. Then ho asked mo if I would teach a boy, anc I said I would if he was young and not rudo ai some boys are. He assru-ed me tho boy was very quiet, but ir delicate health, which was the reason ho was always left in tho country. "Indeed, ho is a child of very weak intellect," said tho gentleman, "but you can teach him whatever he can leanij without fatiguing either him or yourself. I trust you will feel quito at home, as you will bo mis tress of the huose ; but, above all," said he, "try and keep the pupil as much out of doors as pos sible." . I promised to bo ready in four days, and he . told me I should be presented to his lady tho day before I lefty as sho was coming up to town for a littlo while before going with him ou tho con tinent. On tho day appointed tho gentleman called for mo in a carriage, and took mo to a very grand hotel, where I saw his lady, whom I shall call Mrs. Foster. She received mo vbry graciously, and ontored into a great many particulars regard ing the situation I was about to fill in her family, which a gentleman could not be expected to under stand, but the principal tiling was tho health of my pupil, who was to be allowed to romain out in the garden from morning till night, with tho exception of an hour or two, when he would attend to his studies, which she begged might be in the middle of the day, as she thought his mind was then in the best state for receiving instruction. Just as I was leaving, her eldest SOû came in. He seemed a very fino youth, about 14 years old, and when I saw' how proud and fond his mother seemed of him, I could not help wondering how sho ooidd find in her heart to leave the poor afflicted child alone with strange people for so many months together. The next morning I set off very early, Mr. and Mrs. Foster politely send ing one of the men servants to see mo safely off by tho coach. When I arrived at my destination early on thc following afternoon I thought I had never seen such a lovely place. The house was Old and very picturesque. It was located on tho banks of a fine river, and was surrounded with magnificent trees. There wore tall woods also on the other side of tho river. The stream was carried quito round tho house and garden by means of an arti fical oanal, for which reason it seemed the place was called " Moat House." I was enchanted with the garden, which was still full of flowers. About the inmates of the Moat House. To be gin then with my pupil, Sydney Foster. He was a tall, Bickly looking boy of nine years old. He appeared to be . very shy, and blushed when he first saw me ; but he was not at all awkward in his manner. His apathy and listlessness seemed to bo rather tho effect of ill-health than of any intellectual deficiency, besides ho was reading when I came up to him, which did not look much like tho occupation of a boy of very weak intellect. However, I thought his own parents must be bet ter judges thau a stranger like myself, although thero was ono thing I must say, I felt quite shocked at, Master Foster was lying on the grass close to tho river, which I thought no means the thing for a delicate child, but when I told him so he seemed quite impatient, and said ho was used to it. That being my first interview with him, I said no more, not wishing to make any show of authority. The other occupants of the house were Mrs. Philips, the housekeeper, and a cook and house maid. The last two were ordinary country ser vants, civil and efficient enough in the discharge of their duties. There was also a gardener, who looked after the pony and chaise, and drove Mas ter Sydney and I to church. Mrs. Philips I con sidered a very singular person, and I confess I took rather a dislike to her from the first. She was a tall, stout woman, between 40 and 50 years of age, with a large, fat, pale face, and peculiar watery blue eyes. She wore a false front of flaxen hair, which sometimes got twisted about in a most extraordinary manner. She always appeared to be in the midst of a great deal of work, notwith standing all her exertions it never seemed to be ended. Sometimes she appeared to have fits of low spirits, and then she would cry out most piteously about the hard lot she had to put up with, though she seemed to be very comfortable enough, and to have command of almost everything she could possibly want. At such times she would read the Bible a great deal ; but, instead of finding any thing comforting in the good book, she drew the most awful conclusions from it, and would say the most dreadful, and what I used to consider, ter rible things about her lot in the future. I tried at first to lead hor into a better frame of mind, but I found that instead of doing her any good, I was only becoming myself nervous and unsettled. [ So I gave it up and devoted myself wholly to my far moro interesting pupil. All this happened within my first fortnight at Moat House. I ought to have mentioned that my bedroom was situated in the higher part of the house, on the side farthest from the river, and faced the south ; so I always had a gleam of sun shine through tho day, and also looked over the road, and was less shut in by trees. Mine was really the most cheerful room in the house. But I was shocked to find that tho sleeping room appropriated to Master Sydney was on the ground floor, near tho river, and just where the trees grew thickest and tho sun never penetrated. I spoke to Mrs Philips on the subject, and told her I considered itvèry improper for the boy's health ; but she was quite disagreeable about it, and seemed to think I was taking too much upon myself, and that I w&ntcd; to alter Mr Foster's arrangements. I therefore said no more to her, although I should not have been Borryto make Master Sydney dissatisfied with his room; but the poor boy had a great liking for it because it contained many things that amused him, and saved him tho labor of going upstairs. For ten days or so after I went to live at Moat House the weather continued most delightful ; but one morning there was such a thick fog over everything that we could not see a yard beyond our faces out of doors. When I looked out in the garden I hoard thc leaves falling quietly, and the drops pattering from the eaves and boughs as if it had been raining, and so it continued all day, and yet it could not keop Sydney from going in the garden. Even during tho fino weather thero wore heavy mists from tho river after sun set. Still ho would go out. A few days after this the weather continued just tho same. I found poor Sydney trembling and shivering in a fearful manner. I ran for Mrs Philips and beggod her to como with mo to him at onco ; but she seemed quito indifferent, and said it was only tho agile, and he was used to it. Now, I had. always been led to supposo thc aguo was a serious complaint, and that it was all tho worse for being habitual. However, oho scented to know what to do, for she brought him a glass of hot brandy arid water and made him drink it. It then struck mo for thc first time that she had been taking something of that kind herself. Sho was cer tainly very1 odd in her manner, and I wondered I had ncvor remarked it before. My eyc3 were open from that time. I found that she never was exactly sober. This discovery made mo feel very uncomfortable, and I felt what a serious charge I had respecting the poor child. Every third day ho had an attack of ague, 'followed by violent fever, and yet I could never persuade that obstinate woman to send for a doctor or to give him anything but brandy. Tho utmost I could do wa8 to change it for port wino, and that I ¡ could only manttgë by stratagem by asking foi port for my Own use. Then I contrived to give Sydney some instead of the brandy when he hac an attack. After a time I was able to manag« more easily, for Mrs. Philips was herself attackec by the ague, and she had it so badly that she wai confined to her bed for two or three days together Just about this time a most remarkable circum stance occurred to me, which I really am ashamec to relate, for fear of being laughed at or callee superstitous, but it had so much influence upoi future events that Î must tell it. I had gone to bed at ruy Usual time, and before I fell asleep had been thinking very anxiously o¡ niy pupi'L I fell asleep in the midst of mj thoughts, and whether they went in my dreams or not I cannot say, but I seemed to bo awake I opened my eyes, and my bedroom seemed to be in its usual state. There was the rushlight burn ing and the fire flickering ; then all at once J heard a sound like drops of water dripping 01 the floor. I thought it must be leaking througl the ceiling, so it is evident I had my senses aboui me just as if I had been awake ; but I know j was not awake, for if I had really seen what ] imagined I saw I should have been frightened te death. Looking about to see where the water wai dripping, I saw near the head of tho bed a tal lady in a long white nightdress. lier hair wai loose and hung down to her knees, and that an< her dress were dripping with water, and that wai the sound I heard. As soon as I looked at hei she seemed to glide rather than walk, and pointée to a box containing some books that I had nevi] unpacked since I had left my last situation. I die not move, and then she beckoned mo with an ali of authority. I got out of bed and went towards her, still not feeling afraid. When she expressec by signs that she wished me to open the box, ] brought my keys and did so ; and, still obeying her signs, I began taking out the books. All the time she did not utter word or sound ; even hoi movements were quite noiseless, except for thc constant drip of the water from her hair and clothes. I also remarked a smell like seaweed when I went near her. I continued taking out book after book, without coming to what she seemed to want, for she still motioned nie to gc on, till at last she pointed with a very decided air to a small volume, which to my great astonish ment was a work on medicine which I must have packed up with my own .in a mistake. I felt quito satisfied in my own mind with what I had done, and, after laying the book upon thc dressing-table, I seemed to forget all about thc strange visitor, and retired to rest again. When I awoke, the first thing I thought ol was the remarkable dream that I had had ; but what was my astonishment when I saw my box open and the pile of books on tho floor. I then knew that I must have been walking in my sleep. I was still more astonished when I saw the little medical work on tho table. I thought no more about it, being summoned in a hurry to go to Mrs. Phillips, who was taken much worse, and I was so much occupied with her and poor little Sydney all day, that when bedtime came, I was glad to go to sleep without stopping to put books in order. I don't know how long I slept, when I seemed to be awakened by the noise of dropping water, and there stood the lady, again by my bedside, with the book held open in her hand, while she pointed out with the other the title of a chapter. I read it as if I was awake, and it was broad day light-it was " intermittent fever." She gave me a very earnest look, and placed tho book upon the table, after which she slowly disappeared. In the morning, when I found the book open at that chapter, I was quite awestruck, for I thought Providence was directing me to find something that would cure my pupil ; so I read with great attention all that seemed to have boen so miracu lously pointed out to mo, and thore I saw, that the dear child ought to be kept in a dry, airy room, and that ho should have, as medicine, bark or quinine, with a great many other directions. That all showed mo he was being used in the worst possible manner. I told Mrs. Philips what I had read, though I took caro to say nothing about my dream, but she got in such a rage at what she called my interference, and I fearing that sho might die in a fit of passion, quietly gave way to her. As may be supposed, I was very unhappy about my pupil, who seemed daily to be getting worse, and so was the housekeeper, though she still per sisted in not having a doctor. The only thing I could do was to buy some quinine the next time I went to the village. I got Sydney to take it, in very small doses, for I was much afraid should anything happen, I might get the blame of having killed him. I was very anxious to write to his parents, to let them know the dangerous state ho was in, but Mrs. Phillips would not givo me their address. I did not know what to do. Mrs. Philips really seemed determined to prevent nie doing anything only what she liked, or what had been dono while Mrs. Foster was there. For instanco, BIIO woiúd not hear of Sydney being moved to moro healthy apartments. Well, she got worse and worse, and so did Syd ney, notwithstanding I gave him a littlo quinine every day. I was wretchedly anxious about him, all tho more, because I felt that if I could liavo acted with moro decision and firmness, I should have boen able, perhaps, to savo his life; but, then, I feared if I opposed Mrs. Phillips, I might cause her death, and it was awful to think of hav ing tho lifo of a fellow1 creature to answer for. So things wont on. I had gono to bod one night much later than usual, and was just falling asleep, as it seemed, when I again heard the sound of dripping water, which mado mo instantly look round in expecta tion of seeing thc lady. And there she stood as she did before ; my impressions were so real and so strong that it seemed to me I was wide awake the whole time. She moved towards tho door and beckoned mo to follow. I put on some clothes and followed her downstairs to Sydney's room, and still acting under her directions, which I seemed unable to disobey, I took the dear child ia my arms and carried him upstairs to my own bed. This was a thing I could not possibly have done when awake, though the poor boy was thin and light, and therefore, I was quite frightened in thc morn ing to find myself comfortably wrapped up on tho sofa, and Sydney occupying my bcd. My only concern was about what Mrs. Philips would say when she knew it, for I was sln'e I could not trust the servants to keep such knowledge from her. But that uneasiness wns set at rest when I went downstairs and found that Mrs. Philips had been raving all night like a mad woman, and the nurso that had been with lier for the last two days had sont for a doctor. When he camé I asked him to come and see Sydney also. He told me thero was no possible chance of Mrs. Philips ever recovering, and that Sydney was also in a precarious state, as the fever was assuming a typhoid character. I told him I had removed him thc night boforo from a small, damp apartment, and he said I had doubtlessly saved his life. He said also that I had done him much good byj giving him tho quinine. Tho doctor promised to send medicino immediately, and asked what tho young gentleman's name was. I replied that it was Master Sydney Foster. Ho asked what relation he was to tho proprietor of the Mansion. I told him he was his son. " No," said he, " that cannot be, Mr. Foster has only one son, a youth of 14 ; I know him well." Then I said that I had really asserted what I did not know ; I had been engaged as governess to Master Sydney, and had taken tho relationship for granted, as he boro the samo name The doctor smiled rather oddly, as I thought, for a profes sional gentleman, and said perhaps I might not be far wrong, but perhaps ho would send the medicine. I had no more strange dreams for a whole week, during which time my poor boy lay between life and death, and Mrs. Philips was very ill. On the Friday night, just as I lay down on tho sofa to take a few hours' repose, tho nurse came and begged mo to go to Mrs. Philips' room, as sho was sure she had something on her mind to tell me. The nurse could not understand her. Of course I could not refuse the request, though when I wont I found the poor woman raving BO incoherently that it was impossible to make any thing out of what she said. She repeatedly uttered tho name of Lady Blanche, and at length she pointed close to where I stood, and staring till her oyos almost started from her head, she shrieked out " There she is ! There she is ! She's come for me," and feU back a corpse. And just then I heard the sound of dropping water, whore she had pointed exactly as I had twice heard it in my dreams, and, what is moro remarkable, the nurse heard it as well. But a3 there was no occasion for mo to romain in that room any longer, I returned to my dear little Sydney, and was glad to find him enjoying a quiet sleep. I could not rest after tho sceno I had witnessed ; so I sent the woman, whom I had engaged to sit up with him a part of the night to, assist tho nurse in her task of laying out the dead body, and having screened thc light so that it should not fall so heavily upon my little patient, I composed myself to read a few chapters in my Bible. It was very solemn to sit there in the deep stillness of the night under the same roof with ono from whom the spirit had just departed in anything but a desirable state, and with no sound but tho crackling of the fire, and the slow ticking of the clock upon tho stairs. Sydnoy lay motion less 5 and quito oppressed by my own thoughts I was beginning, I believe, to nod over my book when he suddenly called to mo by name " Miss Webster, I am going to tell you a story." I looked up, and thero tho boy was sitting bolt upright in bcd. His face was fearfully palo and thin, and his eyes so large and bright that he had quito a supernatural appearance. I went to tho poor little fellow at once, with tho intention of laying him gently down on his pillow, but ho raised his head as if to check me, and said, as nearly as I can recollect his words " Hush, stop ! Listen to tho story I am going to tell you. There was a ship, a large ship, out in thc midst of thc sea. A fire broke out in our hold, and all the people ran upon deck out of their beds and screamed for help, but there was none to help but God. "The boats were got out, and people crowded into them so that they turned over, and all the peoplo were drowned. There was ono lady thero who had left her dead husband in India, and was coming homo to her only son. She was in hor nightdress, with her long hair hanging round her. She calmly asked one of the sailors to tie her to a piece of wood and throw her into the sea that she might have a chance of living, for the sake of her boy. Tho sailor did as she asked him, and as ho helped her overboard ho said, ' Heaven save you, Lady Blanche. There is no help from man, the boats aro all swamped/ Soon after tho lady was alone upon tho wide wators, floating away from tho ship. Sho watched it blazing all night, and tho next day it wont down. Tho hot sim scorched her, and tho cord that bound her to the wood galled her with its pres sure. Sho loosened the knot, it slipped, and sho sank down into tho sea. As the body sank tho spirit rose, and, quick as tho loving wish of a mother's heart could traverse the distance, she stood beside her son. Alas ! he could not know that she was near him. He can never see her, never know that she is near him, as long as thia poor body of flesh closes him in, but others can ; hoar the water dropping from her hair." . When ho had said this, Sydnoy lay qiûotly down, and his deep regular breathing assured ino ho was asleep again. While I stood watching him the almost familiar sound of dropping water again fell upon my ear, but strange, I felt no fear when I turned and saw tho figure of the lady with tho dripping hair standing besido ine. She again beckoned me to follow, which I did without any hesitation, carrying the light with me. Sho led tho way to the library, where at her instigation I opened the largo family Bible, in which were written tho births, deaths, and marriages of several generations of Fosters. That to which she drew" my attention was the ; latter part. There was the birth of a certaii John Foster, followed in due course by his mar riago and the birth of two sons, Sydney anc Walter ; then the marriage of tho younger soi and the birth of his son, christened Walter Three years later occurred tho marriage of thc elder son, Sydney, to Lady Blanche Stewart followed two years afterwards by the birth of Í son, named after his father. Then carno thc death of John Fostor and that of his son Sydney who died in India ; and two years before th< period of my being engaged in the family was ar entry to the off oct that Lady Blancho waa lost or her passage home from India. I saw what a revelation was in that record that my poor little Sydney was tho then rightful heir to all the property, and that his wicked undi kept tho poor boy in this unhealthy place in thc hope that he woiüd kill him, so that he might got the property himself. I felt truly indignant, and firmly resolved, if in my power, to help Sydney, I did not feel the least afraid all the time I was with this supernatural being, though I was much awed. Aftor 1 had read and closed tho book. Lady Blanche, as I must call her, made signs again that I should again follow hor, and she tool me into the bedroom which Mrs. Foster occupied when she was staying in Moat House. There, behind the bedcurtain, I found a letter, which I read. It was from Mr. Foster to his wife, and was dated on the aftornoon of the day when he first called on me in London. This is an exact copy of it : " My dearest Bolla,-I have at longth found n person to suit. Sho is ono of those who advertised. She is a regular prim old maid, who won't want to be gadding about aftor company, and is not so overburdened with common sense as to bo in dangor of making inconvenient observations or discoveries. I took Carter with mo to have his opinion of her physique (of course, not telling him precisely why I wanted to havo it), and he reports her to be as tough as a piece of well-tanned leather, and well able to stand a trying climate. For the rest, she seems well informed enough, and were she less so she would be sufficient for the time she will be required. Come to town with all speed. I dread the damp autumn evenings in that place for you and Walter. Ever your devoted husband, " W. FOSTER. " P.S.-I have arranged for you to seo Miss Webster, the lady in question, before she goes down. Love to Walley ; and caution old Bartram to keep sober, if she can." I took this lettor to my own room, and locked it safely in my writing-desk, after which I lay down on the sofa, and slept soundly until morning. The doctor came early, and pronounced Sydney to be improving, and indeed lie gradually improved from that day. I was sadly at a loss to know what steps I ought to take respecting the dear boy's welfare. It would have been ridiculous to write to Mr. Foster on tho subject, even if I knew his address, which I did not. I was not acquainted with any lawyerj and, as for the doctor, I think I might have consulted him only for the ugly face he pulled the first time I consulted him about Sydney. I had taken an early opportunity of again ; examining the entries in the family Bible, as well as the letter from the wretch Foster to Iiis wife, and the second perusal only confirmed my opinion that Sydney was being defrauded of his property, and his life wilfully endangered. I know that I must do something to place tho matter in a proper light before somebody who could and would see the little victim righted ; but who to address myself to I could not imagine. I road the papers to find out the names of sonio of tho great lawyers ; but then I was afraid to write to any of them for foar they might bo porsonal friends of the Fosters, and then, as I was so friendless, they might get me shut .up in a lunatic asylum.. I was sure tho people who would try to kill a poor innocent child would not caro how they got rid of an inconvenient governess. I wished very much that Lady Blancho would como, and give mo some advice ; but I never saw her again, though often I heard the water dropping from hor hair. One day, while I sat thinking the matter over very anxiously, the thought suddonly struck mo that I should go to the fountain hoad at onco, and write to tho Lord Chancellor. I did so imme diately, and, making an excuse for driving to the village, I posted tho letter myself. In about a week a gentleman came from town, and had a long consultation with mo. I told him everything ex cepting that about my dreams and visions, which would only havo mado him laugh at me, and I showed him the entries in tho Biblo, and described thc contents of tho letter, which I did not wish him to see, on account of the very rude way Mr. Foster had spoken of myself ; however, he said ho must see it, and tho only remark he made, was that Mr. Foster had shown very little power of appreciating character, for I had exhibited throughout, not only a large share of common souse, but extraordinary penetration and sagacity. The ond of it all was, that tho matter was taken up and thoroughly investigated by tho Court of Chancery, and tho dear boy was taken away from Moat House, and mado a ward in chancery, aud all . Ivis property was to bo taken caro of till he carno of ago. I was oxamined, as a witness, several times, but I don't think Mr. Foster ever suspectod that I had had any hand in bringing his cruel family nlót to lischt. -..... A. H. W. 