r BUI)DDHIM IN RELATION TO CIIRISTIANITY. AT the last iargo meeting held in Feb ruary, by the Victoria (Philosophical) Institute, 7, Idelphi =Terrace, London, a paper was read by the Rev. R. C. Collins, ~.A., on Buddhism in relation toi Christianitny. leferring the parallels between the persons and cha radters of Btiddha and Jesus Christ, he said :-Take, as a prominent instance, the birth'stories. I needniot here give details, which are to be founid in any ioderirn work oi Buddhism. The sup :posed miraculous conception ; the bring 'iog down of Buddah from the Tusita 'heaven ; the Divas acknowledging his supremacy; the presentation in the Temple, when the images of Indra and and other gods threw themselves at his feet; the temptation by Mear - which legends are embellished by the modern writer I have already quoted, under such phrases as " Conceived l.y the Holy Ghost," "Born of the Virgin Maya," " Song of the heavenly host," "Presentation in the Temple and temptation in the wilderness" - none of these is found in the early Pali texts, The simple story of ancient Buddhism is that an ascetic, whose family name was Gautama, preacheda new doctrine of human suffering, and a new way of deliverance from it. There is no thought in the early Buddhism, of which we read in the Pfili texts, of deliverance at the hands of a god; but the man Gautama Buddha stands alone in his striving after the true emancipa. pation from sorrow and ignorance, The accounts of his descending from heaven, and being conceived in the world of men, when a preteinatural light shone over the worlds, the blind received sight, the dumb sang, the lame danced, the sick were cured, together with all such em. 'bellishments, are certainly added by later hands ; and if here we rcecognise some rather remarkable likencss in thought or expression to things familiar to use in our Bibles we need not be as tonished, when we reflect how great must have been the influence, as I have before hinted, of the Christian story in India in the early centuries of the Christian era, and, perhaps, long sub sequently. This is a point which has been much overlooked; but it is abun dantly evident from, among other proofs, the story of the god Krishna, which is a manifest parody of the his tory of Christ. The lBhagarat-Gita, a theosophical poem put into the mouth of.Krishna, is something unique among the productions of the East, containing many gems of what we should call Christian truth wrested from their proper setting, to adorn this creation of the Brahman poet' and indicating as plainly their origin as do the stories of Shis life min the i1ahle-lJlhaata ; so that it has not unreasonably been concluded that the story of Krishna was inserted \- in:the Mahal.Bharata to furnish a divine ,sanction to the BUhagaeat.Gita, If, then, as there is the strongest reason to Sbelieve, the Christian story, somewhere between the first and tenth centuries of the Christian era, forced itself into the groet Hindu epic, and was at the foun. dation of the most remarkable poem that ever saw the light in India, can we be surprised if wve find similarly bor. rowed and imitated wonders in the later Buddhist stories also ? Several Home and Colonial applications to join * the Institute as guinea Subscribers were received, and its object being to investi gate all philosophical and scientific questions, especially any said to militate against the truth of the Bible,- a dis cussion ensued in which MIr, Hormuzd Itassam, Professor Leitner, from Lahore, Mr. Coles, an earnest student of the question during 25 years' residence in Ceylon, Professor Ilhys Davids, and others took part. All augreoing in and confirming the statements of Mr. Col. lines' paper. Dr, Leitner blroulht a number of photographs of early dlulian and Tartan sculptures, shallowing the first iritroduction of the hCristian story into those monuments betwecn about the second and tenth centuries, and ihe pointed out the value of such additional confirmntion of MA. Collins' state. ments. 