lEeiueiiilior This. ' If you are sick Hop Bitters will surely aid Nature in ranking you woll when nil clso fails. ' If you aro costivo or. uyspoplio, or, arc suffering, from any other of tho numerous diseases 01 luo siomaoa or . dowoih, it in yuur own fault if you remain ill, for Hop Bitters is a sovereign remedy in all such complaints. If 3ou nro wasting mvny with nny form of Kidney disease, stop tempting Death this moment, nnd turn for ,n cure to Hop Bitters If you nro sick with that .terriblo sickness Nervousness,' you1 will'- find :n7," Balm in Giieod " in the use of Hop Bittors. 7 If you nro a frcquentor," or a resident of a miasmatic district, harricado your, system 'against the scourgo of nilcountrics— malarial, epidemic, bilious, and intermittent fevers— the use of Hop Bitters. If you havo.rough, pimply, or sallow skin bad breath,' pains and n'ehes; : and feel miser ably generally, Hop Bitters ; will, givo yon fair'skin, rich blood, and. sweetest breath health and comfort,' / ; : In short' they euro -all Diseases of tho Stomach, Bowels, Blood, .Liver, Nerves, Kidney's Bright's Diseases. ; £500 wilt ho Enid for n case thoy will .not euro or help, irnggists irad Chemists keep. ; . v. Thnt poor, bedridden, invalid wifc, siator, mother or daughter, can l>o mado tho picture of health, by a- few -bottles of Hop Bitters, coaling but n triflo, » . Will you lot thom Uffor I "v.-.- - ' "Rough on Rats,"— Clears out rats, mice roaches, flics, ants, bed-bugs, hectics, insects, skunks, jack-rabbits, gophers. 7jd. Drug gists. Moses, Moss, & Co., Sydnoy, Goiicral Agents..: >;;i < : Railway TRAFFIC ARRANGEMENTS aqain.—A rcprcscntQtloh has.bcen made to b9 (Courier) in the matter of tho railway Irafilc arrangemonts, which seems worth the attention, of; tho. Minister.. Mr.. Sydney l'ooth,- desiring: to convey two. horses from Oxlcy to: Clifton, n distance of 142 miles, gave notico of his wisli to tho department, lie ivas informed, however, that thu War wick train, which is the only day train jto Clifton, could not stop' at Oxlcy to take-in horses,. and, that ho _must,scii(l them .on to .Ipswich, where Iio.-mustl'lcav'o , thom : in a truok all night or go'H6'''tho expense of stabling them at an botoh. In this reply. Mr. Tooth'- thinks- ho 7 has discovered .a taugiblo griovanco; and wo cannot dcpy. that lio seems to havo reason for complaint.' Ho says that woro the distduco short ho could Understand the refusal of the department, hut that a man- who wants to truck two horses 142 miles ought to linvo moro consideration tlmn holms received, : ; . Gorged Livers, billions conditiod, Con- ( \ stipatlon, piles, dyspopsin, headache, turcd-'\ \ by " Wells May Applo Pills." 6d. iTd Is. \\\ boxes at druggists. Moses, Moss, nnico., \ Sydnoy, General Agents for Australaam \ Mother Swan's Worm Syrup-Vu. i fnlliablc, tasteless, harmless, cathnrth jvop j fovorishncss, reatlcooas, worms, cou'tiA I tion. Is. Moses Moss Si Co.,Syl.na\ General Agents. \\\ Lovely Climes.— There arc lovely climes and places in which the uvening zephyrs aro loaded, with malaria and tho poison of fever i ami epidemics. To dwell there in health is : impossible without a supply of Hop Bitters : at nand. These Bitters impart an equalizing! strength to thcs3stem, and prevent tho nc-; cumulation of deadly spores of contagion.1 Be suro nnd bcc. Malarial Fever. — Mnlarial fevers, con- stipntion, torpidity of the liver nnd kiduoys,. general debility, nervousness nnd neuralgic ailments yield readily to this great disease conqueror, Hop Bitters. It repairs the ravages of disease by converting tho food; into rich blood, and it gives new life and vigor to the aged and infirm. See. ! Enjoy Life.— What a truly beautiful world wo livo in 1 Wo can desiro no bottc when in good hcnlth ; but how often do th majority of peoplo feel like giving it up (lis heartened, discouraged, and worried ont with disease, when thorc is no occasion for tide feeling. Green's August Flower will make thom as free from discaso ns when born. Dys popsin and Livor Complaint nro tho direct cnusc of seventy-five per cent, of such mala dies as BiUiousncss, Indigestion, Sick IIcad- . ache, Costivcncss, Nervous Prostration, Dizzi ness of tho Head, Palpitation of tho Heart, and other distressing symptoms. Three doses of August Flowor will provoits wonder ful effect. Sold by nil Druggists nt 3s. Cd, per bottle. Sample bottles, Gd. Try it. Immigration to Australia.— The Bros- . don Journal, in its Issao of Jnnuary 17, givoi its readers certain ourious information re! specting Australin, of which tho following u an ouinno. lute in Austmun, tnoagn geno- rally described in tbo most attractive torms is not so Attractive after all to nny but In-1 borers, who in Europo gain tho lowest acah of wages, but find tho conditions reversed here. In tho Northorn territory and Queens land pick-nnd-siiovcl men, ploughmen, whari laborers, Ac., get from 6s. to 10s. por day of eight hours, whilo "romnrknbly strong and ablo men vory often get ns much n9 £1 per day. Laborers in the cities barely card from 5s. to 7s., nnd do not find work vcr>' ensily, whilo if wages chance to take nriBt thoy nro soon down to tho old lovel, on account of tho large immigration, During winter timo, in tha months jof Juno and July! when camping out up country and in the: bush is fnr from boing agreeable, tho large cities such as Molbourue and Sydney, ar< overcrowded by men— mostly young stranger: —looking out for work." Tbo writer thor' ejaculates, " No wondor if thoso young mer aro totally ruined in tho dirt of tho big ant socially frco cities of Australia." Ho him1 self is evidently a compositor, nnd nsscrti thnt a man earning in Germany from 12s. ti 15s. a week, at 3d. per 1000, can find botto' amusement on Sundays and holidays for ( few pence than men in Australia (gotting Is' per 1000) could obtain for ns many pounds After giving a not very fiattorine account ol tlie manners nnd customs of AuBtrnlint printers, he asserts thnt work is proenrious and adds—" Children in this country oj social freedom nro in their youthful day complotcly worn out in factories." . Girls gc out "in costiy dresses without tbo least sign! of maidenly accenoy, nnd besides do no seem to feel nt nil tho pitiful condition of the family Tho young ones go to 1 kind of ovening ontcrtninmont, and tho olo ones get drunk and quarrel, and very oftei- arc benton by their children yfben the latin como homo Into dt'night." This isavop harrowing account, but wo venture to thint that things nro not quiot so bad as tho write: in tho Dresden Journal imaginos. Buddhism in Relation to Ohristi anity.— At tho last meeting held h February, by tbo Yictorinn (Philosophical Institute, 7, Adelphl Tcrrnco, Londou, | paper uns read Iby tho Rov R, C. Colllni M.A., on Buddhism in rolntion to Christianity Referring to the parallels between th! persons and cbnrnctora of Baddhn and Jcsu) Christ, ho said Take, as a promlnonj ' instance, the birth stories. I need not hor givo dotnils, which aro to bo found in modori work on Buddhism. Tho supposed rairacu) ous conception ; the bringing aown of Buddb' from tho Tusitn heaven ; tho Ddvas nc knowlcdging his supremacy ; tbo prcsenta| tion in tho Temple, when tbo images 0' India nnd other gods themselves at his feet the tomptation of Mara— whioh legends nr embellished by tho modern writor I bavj already quoted, under such phrases a " Conceived by tho Hold Ghost, " Born o' tho Virgin Mayn," " Snng of tho hcnvonlj host," " Presentation in tho Tcmplo an' tomptntion in tho wildernes"— none of thes is found in tho early PiMi texts. Tho simplj story of tho ancient Buddhism in that a' ascetic, whoso family name was Gautamrj preached a now doctrino of human snffcriog and a new way of delivcranco from it Thoto is no thought in the early Buddhism of which wo read in the PAli texts, 0 delivcranco nt tho hands of a god ; but tbj man Gautama Buddha stands nlono in hi striving after tho true emancipation frod sorrow nnd ignorance. Tho accounts of hi descending from heaven, nud being concoivct in the world of men. when a prctcrnnturo light 6bonc over tho worlds, tho blind rc ccivcd sight, the dumb sang, the lamo danced tho sick wero cured, together with all sue) embellishments, aro certainly ndded by late bauds ; nud if hero we recognise somo rathe rcmnrknblo likenesses in thought or ox prcssion to things familiar to us in our Bible wo need not bo astonished, whcnwcrcficc how great must have been tho influence, as ! have beforo hinted, of tho Christian story ii India In tho early centuries of tho Christim era, and, perhaps, long subsequently. Tbi is a point which has been much overlooked but it is abundantly evident from, nmon; t other proof, tho story of tho god Krishna. which is a manifest parody of the history o Christ, Tbo lihagavnt-Gita, a thoosophicn poem pub into tiio mouth of Krishna, i something nniquo among the productions o tho East, containing many gems of what w> should call Christian truth wrested from Ihci S roper setting, to ndorn this creation of th' rahmnn poet and Indicating ns plainly tbo! as do tho stories of his life in the Malta Dharhata', so that It has not unrcnsonabl; been concluded thnt tho story Kriahma wn| inserted in tlie MnlufDharata to furnish 1 divine sanction to tho Jihagavuta-Oita. II then, ns llicro is tho strongest reason t- believe, the Christnin story, somcwhor between the first and tenth centuries of th| Christian orn, forced iteolC into lite grca Hindu epio, nnd was at tho foundation o the most rcmnrknblo poem that ever saw tli< light in India, can we bo surprised if w« find similarly borrowed and imitated wonder in tho later Buddhist stories also? Severn Homo nnd Colonini applications to join th ' Institnto as guinea Subscribers wcro received sod its object being to investigate nl philosophical nnd scientific qucstiooi especially nny said to militate against th truth of tho Bible, — a discussion ensued i which : Air. iforimizd Itussiim, ProfcKO Lcitner, from Lahore, Mr. Coles, nn ernes student :'of 7 tho question duriug 25 years .residcnco in Ceylon, Professor Rhys Davids and others took/part. All agreeing inane confirming: ttiO'jstntcraentH of Mr. Collins paper. Dr. Leitricr -brought .a large numbo of photogrnphs: 'pf>"eaTly?ndian and Tarta: sculptnres,'Bbowiug tho first-introduction 0: tho Christian -story into those monument: between about the Bccond nnd lenth centuries and ho pointed out tho' value of sucl additional confirmation of Mr,' Collins statements, , 