OPENING OF THE NEW BARRACKS FOR THE SALVATION ARMY. YESTERDAY the above event was celebrated by a tea and public meeting. The tea was laid in the build- ing, and was very largely attended, nearly three sit- tings being necessary to accommodate the large crowd that came. With the exception of four tables, each of which was given independently, the materials required for the repast were partly purchased by money raised by public subscription, and partly made up by contributions in kind. At the public meeting the building was crowded to the doors, and there must have been about 800 persons present. At the end of the building is a raised dais, with ascending steps, and on this were seated soldiers of the army and friends who had promised to take part. A start was made with the business of the evening by Mrs. Sutherland intro- ducing to the audience the Mayor, who was to preside. The introduction was received with applause. A hymn was then sung, and Captain Canty engaged in prayer. Mrs. Sutlherland said that the Major had been detained on pressing business and could not come, for which he was very sorry. He would, however, be here on the following night, together with his A.D.C., and would bring up a balance-sheet and appoint a secretary and treasurer for the Goulburn corps. Mrs. Sutherland next read a portion of the 7th chapter of Chronicles II; she then declared the barracks as dedicated to the Lord's work, and after a few appropriate words declared the building open in the name of " the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, and William Booth, General of the Salvation Army." She asked that God might bless and prosper it, and then requested the soldiers to "fire a volley.'' The volley, which seemed to consist in the saying of the word "amen" by a number all together, having been fired, Mrs. Suthelrland resumed her seat, and another hymn was sung. The Mayor read apologies for non-attendance from the Revs. G. M. D'Arcy Irvine, A. S. D'Arcy Irvine, and G. James. The note of the first-named gentleman, however, could hardly be called an apology, inasmuch as it was merely an acknowledgment of the receipt of a ticket of admission. The other gentlemen gave reasons. The Mayor said a good many people were wondering why he was there. He did not profess to read men's minds; but that was a very natural conclusion for him to come to-not that he had not been associated more or less with every Protestant religious movement in Goulburn for the past thirty years, but because up to the present time he had not manifested, to the sight of those comprising the audience, at all events, any very large interest in the proceedings of the Salvation Army. He did not claim to be there as a representative. Although Mayor of the city he did not at the present time re- present the city council. There were persons in the council who thought well of the army, and others in it, perhaps, who were not in sympathy with it. Neither did he claim, although a member of the Wesleyan Church, to represent it. In the church to which he belonged there were many very strong adherents of the Salvation Army, who wished it God speed; but there were some who, finding occa- sion rather in the manner of working than in the work itself, held aloof, and did not give it that out- ward help which they (his hearers) might consider desirable. But he had no doubt that a great many prayers that were not heard by them were sent in the right direction on behalf of the Salvation Army. Well, then, why was he there if he was not a repre- sentative man. He was not a representative man in that sense ; but he did claim to represent a very large amount of public opinion in regard to the army. He represented, at all events, himself, and he would be candid with his hearers, and say how far he went with the army and how far he did not go ; and he was prepared to say that the distance he went with them was a very great deal longer than the distance he did not. (Applause.) He did not go with them in the matter of trumpets; he did not go with them in the matter of tambourines; he did not go with them in the matter of bad music ; and he took leave to say that they heard some very questionable good music sometimes. It was very well to attend to the Bible injunction to praise the Lord. But at the same time he believed in making the house of God attractive and comfortable, and in building places of worship on the best prin- ciples of acoustics, so that the people could hear comfortably and the speaker speak comfortably. He believed in the best of music, and he would like to advise some of their friends that they should study a little more the theory and the practise of music. He thought he had pretty well got to the end of the journey in which he could not travel with the Salva- tion Army. He admired their bravery, their self- denial, their utter indifference, it appeared to him, to the world's frown or smile, and their steady-going efforts in one direction which he be- lieved they were sincere in desiring-the glory of God and the salvation of souls. (The speaker here related an anecdote of a man who, from being a Yorkshire stable boy, rose to great eminence, and who, on being pressed for the reason of his success, said he first considered any subject to ascertain what he believed to be the right course, and then he went straight on). He believed that was exactly what the Salvation Army were doing. They had ascertained what seemed to be the right course, and they certainly went straight on. They did not go round corners to shirk observation, nor in back streets to avoid attention; but in the most genuine and honest manner went out and showed their colours and showed exactly what they thought. In that any honournable man could go with them-he could admire their courage, if he could not go with the purpose that they had in view. He would go further than that-he believed they were not only sincere and steady-going and thorough, but he be- lieved that their aim was perfectly right, and that the object they contemplated was worthy the atten- tion of everybody. He had given attention to the matter, and for something more than half his natural life he had devoted himself, with more or less suc- cess, but with difflerent methods, to the same object. Why should he say that they were wrong and he was right? (The spealker, in well-chosen words, pointed out that all Christian organizations, were seeking the same end, though travelling by divergent roads, and he asked how came it that so many of the people were found fighting one with another, and, oh ! shame of Christendom, that Christian churches were found contending. Then he alluded to help.) The Salvation Army did not seem to want help; they seemed to have an immense amount of energy. He thought Christian bodies should think less about the help they wanted to give one another and more about union, not dwelling so much about the invi- tations here and there, but the Salvationists feeling a freedom to come to the worship of any religious body, and they in their turn to the worship of the Salvationists. (The speaker then dropped that por- tion of his subject.) The Salvation Army could sing as loud as they liked, and as many choruses as they thought proper. We wanted to get out of the old stale groove and be natural, and let us do what the spirit moves us to do, and as long as we were actuated by the divine spirit we would not do any thing that was radically wrong. Another hymn was then sung, and the chairman announced that the speakers, who were to address the meeting would be confined to five minutes each. Mr. L. Railton expressed his sympathies with the army. He had a cousin who stood very high in the work at home, and he should be a traitor to the name of Railton if he were not there that night to help roll the Salvation Army chariot along. He alluded in strong terms to the successful work of the army in England in reclaiming the masses; and in Australia, he said, they had been doing good work for God. He spoke of the number of young men that could be seen in the streets on Sunday nights, and urged that something should be done for them. Mr. F. C. Pettit congratulated the army upon having such a commodious place in which to hold their meetings, and related his experiences of the work being done by the army in New Zealand, and in Melbourne and Sydney. The Misses Percival sang "Waiting and Watching for Thee," and while they were doing so a collection, the object of which was to provide seats for the building, was taken up. Mrs. Tudor, in a brief address, dwelt upon the meaning of salvation, and the virtues of it, and spoke of the sin of intemperance. Mr. J. Worrall said they had a maniifest proof in the meeting of what the Salvation Army could do, and remarked that a handful of them commenced work here. If there was a spot on earth where a Methodist ought to feel at home it was with the salvation soldiers. He failed to see that any men or women who had become true members of the army had lowered themselves or made their character worse. He had seen people who would not work in his church become active members of the Salvation Army. Mr. J. J. Waddell was present because he believed it was his imperative duty to be so. His entire sympathy was with the Salvation Army. The doctrine taught by them was the same as was found in the word of God, and he asked where was the Christian man who would not attend a meeting of theirs. Mr. R. Craig made a few remarks in his usual humorous style. The Mayor made a few closing remarks, in which he dealt rather sarcastically with the brainless young men who thought they could impede the work of the Salvation Armyby persecution, and showed that experience had shown that persecution instead of extinguishing a movement brightened it. He con- tended that the Salvation Army, as well as rescuing people from the gutter, had done a good work in rescuing people from the indifferentism that was killing them, so that not only had they lifted the worst sinners up, but brought the best sinners down. He spoke of the building and mentioned that the owner of the land had sought permission to build it of wood, but he had advised him to construct it of brick. The building, although it had no pretensions to archictectural ornamentation, was a good whole- some one, and would answer the purpose admirably for which it was built. Mrs. Suthlerland mentioned that the army had now 11 or 12 corps in New South Wales, and there were several more stations which the Major was about to open. She explained that Mr. Mayo (a member of the Salvation Army) had built these barracks, and prayed that God would bless him. The building was theirs for five years, at the end of which time the army might be in a position to pur- chase it. The doxology was then sung by all present, the benediction pronounced by the chairman, and the meeting terminated. The buildlung is of brick, with a galvanized iron roof, and is a very compact structure.. It is 80ft. long by 28 wide, and is esthnated to hold 700 people. The height of the walls is 12ft. In all there are eight windows- two in front, four in the side, and two of stained glass in the end. Ample modes of ingress and egress are provided; for besides a large entrance-door facing the street, there are two smaller doors at the side and one at the end. A raised dais, with graduated steps, has been erected at the end, and on this, we presume, the members of the army will sit at the various services. At the rear of the building three rooms, which will be occupied by Captain Canty and his family, are in course of construction. Mr. Jamues Armstrong was the contractor for the building, and he has carried out his work in a highly creditable manner. The structure is said to have cost between £500 and £600. 