TWENTY STRAWS. CHAPTER I. 4' -iUgh !' Here's a night1 for .usT said1 de . Foix, ente-iing. - . ■ ' t ..'.Whatiis the hour ?' Howard asked, as he secured the door, behind; the,.visitor^ i i ' Just past midnight. There's a regular snowstorm,' continued the highwayman, 'shaking the snow-flakes from his coat, and kicking, off the white crystallized mass which had gathered about his boot's; f such a snowstorm as I never saw beforei 'I'm well-nigh frozen to death;-!'can tell you. . How do you, madam ?' he added, striding into the middle of the floor, and bowing to Annie. • rii,, . . ;.. ' I cannot ask you to come to the fire and warm yourself,' said' shei ;almost mechani cally. , 'Bless my heart 1' exclaimed de . Foix, glancing first at the empty ?'fire-'p!aco,; then at the shivering woman,.andifrom her to her husband. ' ' . . . „ • '.) < v' Curse it} Howard; .how jvastit that you """didn't' fell mo that things had'eome.' to' this' • miserable pass with y6u ?'• lie added, in a moment seeming to comprehend the state of Howard's affairs. ' I say. to you again, vwhy was I not told how matters really stood with you ?' , 1 ' I told you quite enough,' was; the half choked and somewhat proud rejoinder.- ; 'Told me enough, indeed 1!:retorted the; < highwayman, in a reproachful t'one; ' excuse , me, if I contradict you there ; you didj no such .thing, -Howard Bolding. You. merely , said, that affairs were going very crossly with ; you, and your govenor wouldn't help you, but you never gave me the ghost of a hint that you were without the means of: a few live ■ coals in the grate, in this bitter,' kill- dog sort of weather 1' 'Why should I make a newspaper of my ,mouth ?' ejaculated Howard. I have entered 'your gang ; I have sworn' to observe all its rules, and to abide by all its laws; those facts alone 'are sufficient to advertise to you and all the world besides, the misery, of my condition.' . 'Thank you, Howard, laughed de Foix, .his gay humour never forsaking him, ' thank you; your words are plain, but far from being complimentary, either to me or . my comrades.' 'My words are always what they are in tended to be,' was Howard's curt reply. The highwayman shrugged his shoulders with an easy, careless air, which seemed quite naturaljto him, and flung himself upon Mie tea chest, by the side of the swailing candle. " Christmas Eve 1"* spoke he, in a musing tone. " Humph I Well, it certainly doesn't look like it here 1" he added, with a glance at the damp walls and the guttering candle by his side. " I cannot pay you the com pliments of the season in this tumble-down sort of place, Mrs. Boldding," he continued; It would be worse than mockery to do so— nevertheless, I will take the liberty of wishing that'your next Christmas Eve may be passed in pleasanter quarters." ■ "Thank you!" dropped Annie, in a dreamy manner. KThe highwayman had spoken bluntly, yet with a kind heartiness which appeared some what strange, coming, as it did, from one so notorious as Tom de Foix. But Tom de £Foix \vns ah extraordinary character—young, gay, handsome, insolent, and stern ;1 a scholar.and.a thief—a man who would cry, ' 'jStand.and deliver!' to a rich traveller, the contents of whose purse, when stolen, hc^ would frequently divido- between some poor' • family and himself, always retaining the smaller share of the booty himself, be it ob served. . ■ But enough at piesent about Tom do Foix; Ly-and-by you shall hear more of him. Now, .remembering that the highwayman was leading hor husband into crime—of the probable extent of which she had only a con fused idea—it was only natural that Annie should shrink And tremble before him, and that his words, tones, and looks should strike terrbr to her soul. He saw her distrust and he,r hatred of him ; and feeling some sort of pity for her, he wished to propitiate her as much and as'soon as possible. I'ile made an awkward beginning, by dip ping his hand into his coat pocket, drawing a bottje of brand)' forth, and pressing her Jiueband to partake of it, , was watching—anxipusly watching, She feared lest lier hnsband might bo tempted to partake of the /ierv draught. •'Drink, Bidding," said the highwayman — 'tliink, my boy; 'lis first-rate stuff—not a headurhe in a w hole hogshead of it. Drink —it. will givv yon courage!' ' Perhaps I don't require drink to give me eonrage,' Holding replied, putting the prof fered draught aside. ' When I look at my wile and little one, and reflect upon their want.;, I've rc-solulion enough to face the very devil : therefore, take away your brandy —I need it not.' 'Vu-ry well, lidding,' returned the other; ' if you're a fool, de Foix isn't. I'm glad to find you are so plucky; still, the brandy wouldn't have hurt you, but, on the contrary, would liavo fortified you against the bitter ;biting air we are about to face. However, since you are so very squeamish, I'll e'en drink your share and my own as veil.' The act followed the word, and de Foix took a long, deep draught of potent liquour. ' A—h !, ejaculated he, smacking his lids with peculiar relish, recorking the flask, and hastily thrusting it.bnck into his pocket. ' 1 feel anew man now. There's nothing like brandy for putting 'new life into one, and making the heart rejpice. Come, Holding,' lie added, abruptly starting up—' come ! We haven't any time to lose ; our comrades will be awaiting us by the dead oak, near to Seven .Tree'Meadow. There'll be a rich booty to night', and no resistance." •' No resistance!! repeated Howard, with a shake'of the head. ' How know you that ?' ■■■ ■ ' How know I that ?' laughed de Foix. ' I don't like to use ugly words—its not gentle manly to do so—or 1 should reflect upon the verdancy of-your nature in very plain terms, Howard Bolding.' ! 'I really do not comprehend you,: de Foix.' t ' Green—green as grass, I vow to Jupiter!' cried the highwayman, in a convulsion:; of laughter. ' Never mind—never, mind, you'll change colour by- and-by.' ' I • ' I trust not, de Foix,' interrupted Howard, in a proud, angry tone. ' I despise a turn coat.' : .■ i .. . ■ . ' Ha, ha, ha!'; roared ,de Foix, leaning against tlVb ; wall arid shaking his sides ' with laughter. „,i' Well, well, you are a simpleton, Howard Bolding!' Howard looked disconcerted -at the high wayman's speech, but he,made no reply ; he only bit his lips and frowned darkly. ■!■ ' Thf>rr» llinro. don't be vexed:! soothed'de • Foix—don't be vexed. I'll explain matters. The coachman and the guard of the mail will both of Ihem be drugged, by the landlord of ,the ' King George,' where the mail changes horses; hence, the reason of our making so sure of an easy capture.' . j Ay, ay!' responded Howard, his: brow clearing. . i 'Come 1' proceeded de Foix, his hand al ready on the door-latch. 1 : ' Stay 1' cried Annie, starting to her feet, and staggering up to, the highwayman. :, ';To what place are you,taking my husband, and into J what' 'dark '.-service' are you dragging1 him ?' • / Madam;' returned the highwayman, with a courteous air, 'I, never made a lady my con fidante.' . ' Howard, Howard ['"pleaded sho, ' do not, I beseech.^y.Oll.Lsnffor-this--'man-to-lcad-you1 into the commission of crime !' \ ."i'oo late, Anuie-rToo late {' exclaimed ho, recklessly, flinging the; door wide - open. ' May the sin of this night falhon my heart less father's head !'• he'j'added,. with a loud imprecation. ' , ■ -we!' Howard, Howard,'1 listen to mo but a moment!"'she cried, grasping1 'his' shoulder with her'.disengaged hand, and .speaking in; a voico,made hogrso .with terror and despair, f Go not forth this night, but let this man go; hence alone upon his:wicked work 1'-<■; , i ■ 1 Loose your hold; Annie-^f-loose your hold !' lie uttered, tbrofcenly. * It's all too t late, jmy poor girl—it's all too late,' I tell you.' ; ; No, no, Howard!' < ! Yes, yes,' he said, breaking from her. I have; sworn—bound myself.<by oaths, which I cannot* will not break ' ! '* \- •' 13ound yourself—to whom?'1 'r -p* : , • ' To me, madam—to me, Captain de'Foix, at your service,' bowed the courteous' young highwayman. v And, with those words, he caught his young associate's arm, and dragged him through the open doorway into the snowy ,and tempestuous night. ■ i ; . Annie made no further effort ; she did not call him back; and the lame door, creaking on its rusty, broken hinges, closed with , a heavy bang, which caused the crazy case ments to shake and clatter, and a fresh shower of plaster to fall from the damp, decdying ceiling. ! 'Oh, me—oh, me!' sighed she, with a deep -moan of-anguisli, as she resumed her seat by the empty grate. 'Iam very wicked, I know I am, but I trust God will forgive me for this murmuring, and wishing myself and my child both in our quiet graves. Death is not half so full of terrors as a life of sin and reproach would be! Oh, no— oh, ho ! I hope Howard will think better of it, and flee temptation rrc his hands are stained with guilt! I canmurve; better to die than to sin—ch, my precious babe ?' • Round and round the cottage whirled the gusty blast, while the snow, in broad, heavy flakes, still descended to the earth.. Cold and hunger * had exhausted poor Annie ; and now, with, her infant hugged tightly to her breast, she sat wrapped in partial slumber, for a while wholly forgetful of all her worldly cares aud sorrows. Poor Annie ! it would have been well 'for thee, if in this transient sleep thy tirec) spirit had passed away to those realms where there is no heartacho, no hunger, no cold, no sin, no. shame, no grief; where all is peace, and joy, and love, and everlasting happiness. While the herione of our sad tale thus, re poses, we will narrate the little history of Howard and Annie Bolding's short life. They had not thought it short. To them it had been too full of brambles; too thickly crowded with painful events ; too constantly beset with all sorts of misfortunes, to seem aught but a long wearisome existence. But love sweetens many a bitter cup, and assure dly love had sweetened the bittemos9 of theirs. (To be continued.) 