CAUIiFIELD CALCULATIONS. Br "Vigilant.'1 Tlie Guineas Da y. With Saturday's racing on the heath at Caulueld, the Yiolorian Spring Carnival will be fairly set io motion, as with the V.A.T.O. fitUires on the lllth and 18th inst., Moonee Valley on the 25tb, the V.R.C. on the 1st, 4th, Gth, and 8th November, aod Elaternwick and Wyndham sandwiched In on the olb and 7lb. we have a total of nine days' racing in four weeks. Judging by the out ward and -risible aigns, aa indicated by the number of intercolonial racing men who are steadily flowing into Melbourne, the Cup meetings this esason will be as numerously attended as ever, and taking a line through both the number and class of the horses now in training, larj-e fields and close finishes may confidently be predicted. The ball will be set rolling in the \- Saiden; Plate, In which event Capri, Duration, Vernet, and Ssahorsa impress me most favourably. As it is jufct posbible that Mr. Donald Wellace may hold ihe son of VeUendon in ropcrve for the Caulfield Cup, I shall, in selecting CAPRI to win, add the saving clause— with ftbtait; and, in the event of the popular black jaokel and wbite nleeves cot being dooned oo tlis occasion by O'Brien, I abftll expect the judgo'e verdict to be DURATION ..1 Vernet .. ,, ..2 Seahorse « 3 The First Hurdle Race has moat of the crack jumpers of tbe rolooiei engaged, Ringwood and Don Quixote bead tho list w;ib I2et. 101b. eacb against their names, and with Yaiely -(list. 31o.), Scobeloff (lOst, 51b.), and llazord (lOet.), will- 1 thmk, furnish the winner. £ have such a geat opioioo of the pair of 'op weights that I believe either of them to be able, over the mile and a half, to beat the remainder of tbe field, aod, in spile of fhe 12«t. 101b. which Mr. Barnard Lai awarded each, I shall expect DON QUIXOTE or RINGWOOD to win, after a tough struggle with lis Adelaide hoiee, Soobeloff, who, £ am told, is a " not uo. The Great Foal Stakes has, at tbe time of wriiino, eighteen youoceters elPl eugaged, and, alibough (a littlo bird" tells ma that, the St. Albans tables have a flier in Waiting MeiJ, I >refer the chance of Rmgmasier, whom £ lave seen got over tbe groaud in a style worthy of his e«re — First King. It would, by tho way, be a remarkably queer coinci dence if young James Wilson, with the aid of a eon of First Kmg, were to upet his father's calculations by beating a daughter of First King's sire — Ring of the Ring— this would he a regular oase of the young f-lock heating the old in two senses. Anyhow, £ ebaU place them RINGMASTER .. .. 1 Waiting Maid .« -.2 ."9 .. .. ..3 Next couiee the big event of the day , The Caulfield Guineas, for wliiuh somolbiog like a 44 baker's doreu" of yo.tuaM- will be saddled up. Tbe fuUeniug ie a Table of Probable Starters and Jockeys Hcivo. S;r«. Kider. Merriuiu Arjg S'indal .. G. Ksii. is Kiniro'tlie Bto? (f) riiJri!- Kiug ... Kijc J. UriHismson The Gondolier Tnwor Chloe .. Mnrihyr .uutr ... FJans sau Ipnrello . . I>nn Giorftuai . . D. Boae S.imJ.iI ... . Winterlalo .. C. Q.i-'-od l'clciw Couutryinaa ... E M'Uiade Gra.iijdo Countrjiaa ... M. O'Biiea Trisiuindo ... Tester Hales or Ellis bh'occo . . Placator A. Pobortson pilot R.ibinronCruaoo B.Collo/ Bohemiau M-n Lyrnoa? ... A. lila'r Calr.-vurm ... Mo»-ibyraong ... J. G'»ui;h lieLos Gloi.ous KicLoUoa I ljore «o recently run through the perform ances and prospects of each of the horses engaged that a lengthy analysis is scarcely necessary to-day. The ainner will, £ think, be found amongst the following hatch: — Rufui, Hclene, TVemaodo, Men iino, Silver Kiiig, and Lcporello ; and if tbe " Red Haired Uii" is backed by his stable, who make fewmialakes, he ebould very nearly win. As, however, there appears to be some doubt iu certain Quarters as to the likelihood of the Wil- liamslown colt's starting for this event, I shall look elsewhere for ihe winner. During the week Merrimu (whom I icferred to a fortnight back aa being tbe best oolt in the Mordialloc stable) has answered a question put to b;m by Ironmaster very satisfactorily, on the strength of which the eon of Argus Scandal must run on my aide on Satoiday ; and I have an idea that the race will be fought out between Merrimu, Helene, and Silver King, and that the numbers will go up : — HELENE ... 1 MKB&imu; ... ... ... 2 Silver Sing ... ... 8 The Findon Harriers' Gold Vase (which, in parenthesis, I may mention it a chronograph), has an entry list of no fewer than fifty hunters, nod I shall expect to see something like half the batch saddled up. Barcoo and Lord of tbe Forest have arrived from Sydney with their respective owners, Messrs. A. H. Ronrke and E. Terry, the latter gentleman being the master of the Sydney Hunt- Both horses will compete for the Findon Vase, and will be ridden by their owners ; aa there will be an Adelaide horse also in the race it makes the contest Suite an inttroolo&ial; one. There is, by ie way, a little superstition abont the horse Baroqo, for eome two months ago some ladies were working a planoheUc, and, in reply to tbe qneation who would win the Findon Harriera' Vase this year, the pencil wrote 41 Barcoo;" at the time the ladies were not aware that there was a horse of that name in existence. Several of the horses eugagod in tbe race boloug to the fair sex— Mn. lad owniog Canoe, Mrs. Miller Sir Robert, Mrs. Webb Chester, and Miss Crooke Talisman; the pity is that the conditions of tbe race forbid ladies riaiog, for they are all exocllent horse women, always to be seen amongst the front ranks In tbe bunting field, and could there fore well hold their own with the amateurs. Abdaliab, Syphon, and Marquis are each safe jumpers and should be going when most of the others are finished with. 1 like top weights, and expecting to witness a repetition of the race for the Hunt Club Cup, will leave tbe finish to ABDALLAH and SYPHON. The Toorak Handicap, Dirianco one mile, is another event the wiuuer of which tvill take a lot of fiuding. Preci-'Ui Stone (7 at- 12lb.), Lebia (7at. 10!b.i, Too Too (7t. 71b ), and JoRepblne (7et. 71b ), make up quartette of slippety customers v.h«. tbjuld be able between thorn to beat the fioU. I fchdll aultoipate ihe judge's verdiot by placing LESRIA ..i TUKCIOVS STJNB .. ..2 Tv r-i .. - H Dciuxg the intervals between the races at tbo Melbourne Hunt Club Heeling on Saturday some exceptionally heavy wagering was transacted, the Melbourne Cup horee, Plausible, being supported, principally by bia owner, for that ercnt lo win £36,001), ut thousands to forty and fifty. On Monday another commission was floated, and the horse will now, in the event of his winning, cost tho ring somethiog like £50,000, the b-et offer against him being 100 to 7, and very little tnoney at that. Plausible is a bay gelding, five years old, by Vagabond — Plaudit, and haa only started twice in public — atDandcnong, where he ran off t he course when leading his field by a couple of lengths in the Dandenong Handicap, and at Melton, where he won the Handicap, one mile, 7st. Gib., hard held, in lminj 4Giseo. ; Raillery, 7st. 71b., second; Montmore, Gst- 101b., third. Plausible, who ie a fine upstanding horse, about f-ixteen hands high, is engaged in the Caulfield Cup at 7st. 21b., and io tbe Melbourne Cup at 6et. 111b. He is built on somewhat the same lines as Magnet, to whom he is related. WrTH tbe aid of First Pop, Molodious, and Violet the Caulfiold division have already scored a trio of two-year-old wins this season, and are likely to add more to their credit before tbe month is out, as each is engaged in the V.AT.C. Nursery Handicap. In Violet Mr. J. Harper has a useful little filly, who, if not crushed with weight, will be beard of again. Embassy, who carried Mr. T. Chirnside's colonre, was, on the strength of a fast four furlongs negotiated on the training track during the week, backed by a few individuals who were not aware of the erratic propensities of the young lady, who is evidently troubled with a bit of tbe Archie complaint, inherited pos sibly from her dam, ae 6he declined to try a yard, and finished very nearly last. Hastings will, unless I am greatly mis taken, atari first favourite for ihe Oanlfield Cup, as the weight of money behind him is probably heavier than that attached to any other horse in the race, the stable having a long string of followers. Tbe eon of Wilberforoe, rinoe his appearance on the Flemington track, has been greatly admired, and is, with the exception probably of Sir Hodred, the moat Jakes Hokaohan, the well-known trainer of Sydney, put in an appearance at Fleming- ton last week. His string ie a very limited one, end comprises Rebus, a Caulfield Guineas candidate ; Veneris, who ia engaged in tho V.R.C. Derby ; and Me!ryXma8,a Maribyrnong Plater. Axniouon the time occupied by Preoions Stone in leaving the mile behind him in the M.H.C. Flat Rtoe on Saturday was any thing but wonderfnl, the consummate case with which Mr. J. D. Robertson's colt retained the lead from etart to finish xnnet materially enhance Colfltoun'a obances of victory In the Caulfield Cup, aa the black son of Tubal Cain cannot extend tbe son of King Cole at any part of a mile journey. Bobdeeman, by Bonnie Carlisle, who ran off in the Selling Hurdle Race on by Pros- peot, and was afterwards shipped to New Zealand, started for a hurdle race at the Plumnton Park Spring Meeting, Christ- ohnr.h, N.Z., on the 19lh u\t Mr. D. O'Brien's new purchase was unfortuoato, as ho was run off at the first obstacle, and took no further part io the race. LADY Teazle, who, for once in her life, ran kindly, went to the front on the fall of the flag in the Hurdle Race, and slaved there to the end of the chapter, running hard held by three or four lengths from Sinking Fund. La Bohkmiknnk. the property of Mr. Sounds, of Dnnedin. New Zealand, has dropped twin foals to Le Loup, by Traducer —Mermaid. The sire will be remembered as having beeo made a very warm favnurite for the Melbourne Cop of 1S79. won by hi stable compinion Darrlwr-11. Both foals, a colt aud a filly, are strong and healthy. TnF. cuUiug-down tactics pursued bv the riders of Marquis or Waterford and Gilderoy brought each of the pair down in the Steeple chase, and contributed to the win of the green geldino Veritas, who, after a capital finish with Dollar, won cleverly by a couple of lengths. Foals hare beendropped to the Melbourne Cup winner, The Aeeyrian, and Bosworth, a full brother to the famous Richmond. Lothair's first progeny have also eeen tbe light. Tbe ViotorUo Trotting Cltt'o Is in luok, Mr. Joseph Beaumont, of Ivanhoe, having promit"d them a cup valaed at 100 sovs, for a handicap trot. T. TTatxs, who came over with the Hon, J. White's horses, and rode B»rgo and Marliui-Heory in work on Monday and Tuesday, was absent during the remainder of tbe week, owing to a bad attack of hie old enemy —asthma. The oommittee of the Murrumbidgee Turf Club have deoided that yearlinga instead of foals shall benomina'ed for the Sires' Pro duce Stakes. Stud-masters will thus have another twelve months to nominate their produce. Acceptances for the following races, to be run for at the Springs Meeting of the Mar- rumbidgee Turf Club, must be ia the hands of the secretaries of either the A J.C., M.T.C., or V.R.C. before four o'clock on Thursday, 9th Oetober. Messes. Caypbsll. Paatt and Co., aoring under instructions from Mr. Dm aid Wal lace, will submit to auction, tbe day after the Melbourne Gap, 25 thoroughbred cults and fillies, by Swireller and The Diver, from first-olass mares. AtTSOtraa the amount of the stakes won by the Hon. James White during tbe past season was nearly four thousand poonds in excess of the eum paid over to anv other owner, Messrs. D. S. Wallace, A. M'Donald, W- J- Forrester, S. Miller, and J. M'Grade each scared more winning brackets than tho owner of Martini- Henry, tbe magpie jaofeet of Mr. Donald Wallace having been borne first past the post in no fewer than 25 races, to whioh score Le Grand contributed ton wins. The best record of the seaeon has been Bonnie Bee's, Mr. M'Donald'a game old gelding having won eleven events, six of which were straight off the reel. Acceptances for the following stakes, to tin ran fur at the Murrumbidgee Turf Club Spring Mealing, I9ih, 20th, and 21st No vember, clneQ with either of the snorelaries M.T.C., V.R.C., or A.J.C. before 4. p.m on Thursday, iUh October Hurdle Race, £1 ; Gold Cup, £3 ; Grand Staud Handicap, £1 10s. ; Steepleohaae, £1 10s. Pros ably the most popular win at the M.H.C. Meeting on Saturday was that of old Abdaliab, who, in the hands cf Mr. C. GlaN&cmk;, had no difficulty iu shaking off Syphon, tho mdy o:h< -r animal whohuco-oded in pet::v- r i'iu I vMioir i ni>! iko ij the Hunt C!u': C.ip St.vplcch..3P. Acceptances for the W&gga; Cun, Hurdle Race, Grand Stand Handicap, or.d Steeple- chase inuet be declared to the secretary of the club before 4 p.m. to-morrow (Thursday). At tbe Plumpton Park Races, Christ- ohurcb, N Z., Derritt, New Zealand's crack rider, wbo, it will be remembered, vieited Melbourne and Sydney recently, returned, and bad bt first mount on Ntmeeis in a two- year-old flutter. The sire of his mount is St. George, a fall brother to the mighty Chester (wbo carried tbe Hon. James White's blue and white banner to viotory in the V.R.C. Derby and Melbourne Cup, ae well ae otber important events). Tbe filly, and a colt namea Tbe Shah, are the first of that promising young sire's slock. On Tuesday, the 14lk inst., nominations for the Bendigo Jockey Club's Heeling must be lodged with the secretary of the V.R.C. before 4 p.m. on that dale, or with the B.J.C. secretary before 8 p.m. on that evening. Nouinaiiokb for the Sydney Tnrf Club's Anniversary Handicap, of 10 sovs. eacb for starters, with 500 sovs. added, 1(H) sovs. for the second, aod 50 eove. for tbe third out of the stake, will be due either with tbe secre tary of the V.R.C. or S.T.C. oo Thursday, the 16th October, before 4 p.m. The distance ia one mile and three furlongs, and the race wiU be run on the 26th January, 1885. £o trance, 1 sot. Battailous, who made bis first appear ance on the Fieooingtoo training track on Monday, is ridden in his work by J. William son, who, it is rumoured, will have the mount in tbe Caulfield Cup. Considbbiblb interest was recently excited in English coursing oiroles by reason of a coaming action brought on at the late War wick Assizes, when the case of Carver v. Spittle was heard and decided. Mr. Carver formerly carried on the business of a coach- builder in Danedin, New Zealand, and has since flourished as an hotelkeeper at Derby. Mr. Spittle is also a Boniface, being the owner of an hotel at Burton. The action was to recover the gold cup won by Briton Still (who is owned by plaintiff) at tbe Gob- forth Park Gold Cnp Conrsing Meeting in FRED. ARCHER, THE CRACK ENGLISH JOCKEY. Maroh last, the prize being the gold enp, value 50 uuinca, and £500 cash added thereto. Tho defendant having eecured a nomination for the event, prevailed on «he plaintiff lo let him name Britm Still, the agreement being that defendant should pay j tbe entrance fee- ar.d bear all wv-t of training, ; the plaintiff to receive one-third of the trie- I ningt, but the cup was not specially men tioned. Briton Still won tbe cup and stake. Subsequentlv the plaintiff asked Spittle to let bim take the cop to New Zealand, to show bia friends what bis dog bod won. This was acceded to on condition that it j should be first exhibited at the Midland Hotel, Burton. Subsequently the defendant refused to give up tbe cup, and the prewnt action resulted. Defendant saw plaintiff a few days after the meeting, when he rendered an aocount of finanoiol matters between them, viz., one-third value of the cup and one-third of tbe stakes, adding that he should retain the cap. After evidence had been taken, the jury returned a verdict for tho plaintiff, and thus tbe Goeforth Gold Cup of 1884 will be taken to New Zealand. Tub Naraniera Turf Club Handicap, Town Plete, and Jumping Race require attention from ownera ton .the I7th ioit., before 4 p.m. Aaconost my correspondence this week I have the usual batoh of dreams sent in by subscribers, the majority being of the orthodox circumstantial character, related with rigid attention to details and colonrs. From oue of tbe letters, received from a Carl ton dreamer, who appears to have a habit of drcamioir Cup winners. I take the follow ing: — 44 Being successful in bringing out two Melbourne Cup winuers iu my dreams, I think that it is my duly on this occasion to let you know what I have this time, as I see by your last week's paper that you give notioe to them. "Wullomai was one of my dreams, Assyrian the other. On this occasion I have brought out for the Caulfield Cup, Ironmaster, 1st; Melbourne Cup, Com motion, 1st. ; Boulka, 2nd ; Ac., Ac." Gsktlbuen who have mounts iu the Findou Yase Steeplechase at the V.A.T.C. Mcetiug on Saturday will materially facilitate matters by beiug ready to weigh out immedi ately after the jockeys have weighed in for the Caulfield Guineas. The fact of some riders having to carry penalties and others to receive allowances will necessarily make the task of weighing longer than usual, in addition to which the field will be exceptionally large, and amateurs must uoL forget that Mr. Wal&on; is ulways punctual at the post, and is severe upon those who keep him wailing. Rulers will not forget that they have to sub- mil thcr naiiKi ihrce Jays prior to the race. Fob tbe Moonee Valley Cup Meeting entries, with I eov. nouiioarion in each race, mutt Lie in the hands of the secretary, at 47 Bonrke-rireel west, .before 4 p.m. on the 20th October. Tim V. A. T. C. annual meeting was held at Menziue Hotel on Monday afternoon, when there was a good attendance of members, the chair being taken by the Hon. Wm. Pearson, Tho report and balance-sheet for t he past year were taken as read. The latter document showed that the overdraft due to the City of Melbourne Bank had been re duced from £4343 -4a. 5d. to £2813 7e. 9d. The improvement to tbe course bad not been as large as during the previous year, but a considerable amount of valuable work had been done, which had met with the approval of all concerned. The members' subscription list bad maintained its position. Tbe sum of £870 hod been derived from this source, and there had been a profit from each of the meetings during the year. Tbe club was in a highly prosperous condi tion, and it was confidently expected by tbe committee thai the balance of the overdraft would be paid off during the coming year. The report, and balance- sheet were adopted without discussion. Tbe old committee, Messrs. A K. Blackwood, Hurtle Fisher, James Grice, C. D. O'Halloran, end Sydney 8 rait b were re-elected without opposition. Mr. Leonard asked the chairman whether the committee had taken into consideration tbe advisability of increasing the salary paid to Mr, Bond, the' secretary, who had performed bis duties in a highly satisfactory manner. The chairman replied that the committee were usauimous iu recommending the increase. On (he question being put to the meeting, it was agreed to without dissent. Tbo meeting then adjourned. Kftbies for tho newly-formed Matboura Racing Club's first meeting, to be held on the 30th inet., are due on the 16th October. Mr. . G. Vowies has been appointed handi- c&pper.; Mb. J. Whittingbau has had tbe bad luck to lose bis foal by Argus Scandal — Bar maid, a relative of Local Option. Prattle is supposed to have caused its death by kick ing the youngster. Those sportemen wbo find their time hanging heavily on their hands during the week's interval between the V.A.T.O. Guineas aod Cap days will have an oppor tunity of witnessing the billiard match for the championship of Australia, which is announced to take place at the Temperance Hall, Hu-s-ll-street, on tbe 13th, 14th, 15th, and ICtb inst. As tbe five crack colonial oueiate— ' Weiss, Byrne, James, Evans, and Albers— have each been nominated, eome brilliant play will undoubtedly be witnessed, resulting probably in a victory for Evans, after a hard atruggle with young Weiss. j Ms. F. W. Sutton, the indefatigable I secretary of the WilUamstown Racing Club, I announces the elub's next meeting for the Prinoe of Wales' birthday (10th of Novem ber). The events are eix in number, foil particulars of which appear in our adver tising columns. A gratifying feature in the programme is the inor eased value of nearly every stake to be then competed for. There is also an alteration in the distance of tbe Handicap Hurdle Race, about one mile and tbree-qnarters being substituted for the two miles of last year. In addition to the numerous improvements which have already been effected at Elstern- wiek Park, tbe Victorian Trotting Club intends to erect another stand, which will seat at least 500 persons. Mr. Thomas Haydon also informs us that tbe club intends to give a prize of 200 sovs. for a handicap over a mile and a distance, to be run at the St. Patrick's Day Meeting. Messrs. P. G. Dixon and Co. have intimated that they will supplement the stake with a silver cup, valued at 50 guineas. Wb learn that the Hon. W. Pearson's steeplechaser, Molrow, has broken down, and will probably never race again. It will, no doubt, be remembered that that steady lad, Ashton, wbo piloted several of the Kilmany Park squire's horses on metropolitan courses, was killed eome few months ago when schooling the under nolioe. Last week Mitione, the well-known crots- , country rider, went to Sale to school Molrow (who was nominated for the Open Steeple chase at Caulfield), aud whilst doing so the brute fell at a fenoe, and Malone had bis oollar bone badly broken. He is now on a air way towards recovery. Our of the fifty-five homes nominated for the Moonee Valley Gup, to be run on the 25th inst., only seven dropped out on Mon day, the day appointed for payment of the first acceptance fee. With the txc>ption of j Dirk Hatteraiuk none of the mn'oontv';'-: are 1 fir&t-cl;&As; oattlc. Oue contributor, 41 The Worm," reports that the followiug horses, engaged in the first day's V.A.T.C. events, have done the best wurk at Caulfhld during tbe week:— Maiden Plate— Mozart, Pole Star, and Queen Bl>ss ; Hurdle Race — Don Quixote and On tario; Guineas— David ; Findon Harriers- Syphon, Chester, and BeresforJ ; Toorak Handicap — The Ghost. A resume of the work performed during the week is given in another column. Sib Modesd, Bristol, Cairo, and Wolseley arrived eately at Fiemington last week from Sydney. They are in oharge of Dan Lawson. In the purchase of Mand S. by Robert Bonner, the retirement of the peerless trotting mare from the tnrf ia made even more certain than during her ownership by Mr. Vanderbilt, eays tbe Sporting Mirror. Mr. Bonner bought Dexter and Rarus when they were considered the fastest of living trotters, and from the moment they passed into his possession they might as well have been dead for all they were allowed to do toward tbe gratification of tbe public, or the promotion of tbe interests of the trotting turf. In the event of her 2.09 beiog equalled or beaten Mr. Bonner may allow Hand S. to make another trial againet time, but as regards turf uses the mare may be considered ae bavicg taken the veil— retired to a Bonnery, as it were. This is to be regretted. Horses like Maud S. and Jay- Eye-Soe are needed to stimulate popular interest in trotting, and their retirement is a misfortune in this regard. While Mr. Bon ner does not need tbe money Maud S. could earn on the trotting track, the track and its pitroos need Maud S. For rich men to buy acid monopolise tbe fastest trotters aa soon as they are developed may be tbe exercise of a natural and inalienable right, but it is none the less a selfish use of mooey for mere personal gratification and grandeur. Amongst the Sydney and Adelaide contin gent of racing men who hare recently arrived hereto assist at the coming spring carnival , we have noticed on tbe training ground Messrs. Fennelly, M'Donald, Harris, Brad bury, W. FUgate, C. Filgate, Monaghan, Keys, Duggan, J, Thompson, Hales, M.4Gr&de;, Nicholson, Ellis, P. Piggott, Payton, Colley, Lawson, Griffiths, Lamond, Dalton, Gal lagher, T. Brown, and others. Iestebday a committee meeting or tne V.A.T.C. was held at tbe dab's offices, Boarke-street, Mr. Blackwood in the obair. Tbe business was to appoint the offieers for the ensuing year. The following is the result Secretary, Mr. N. R. D. Bond; treasurer, Mr. A. R. Blackwood ; starter, Mr. G. Watson ; handicapper, Mr. E. T. Barnard ; judge, Mr. G. Vowies ; chairman of committees, Mr. A. R. Blaokwood ; stewards, Messrs. A. R. Blackwood, W. Pearson, H. O'Shanassy, H. Fisher, and J. L. Parves. The near approach of the Canlfield Meet ing, and the large number of arrivals, have made matters very busy on tbe Fiemington training ground. The work done during the week has been of a diversified character, tbe first-dass gallops being tbe vcption and not tbe rnle. Mr. Fennelly's string have shown good form, especially yesterday morn ing. Mr.F. F. Dakin's charges have also been the theme of general admiration, especially the going of Fryingpun, Commotion, and Plausible ; tbe intf, however, has only shown one really fiil-class go, and that was thought good enough to cause him to be backed for a large amount for the Melbourne Gup. Vcruet has been galloping more kind!v of late, and Mvtoor ebows good form. Battailous and Rapid were highly spoken of, as were Hat-tings, Sir M»dred, and Bristol. The Agent yesterday morning went the be?t round of the aand yet done tbis seaeon. Vergy has been pieasiug his most ardent admirers by bis t-trong, though not very taking way of getting over the ground. The already numerous strings at Fleming- tou have received the following additions : — Chester, Scobeloff, Last Card, Union Jack, Tbe Squatter, Noorong (all jumpers), and Virtus from Adelaide; Rapid, Battalions, Sir Modred, Biistol, Cairo, Woleeley, Hastings, Favo, Lrd Exeter, Sister Unice, Magnifier, Bruford, Pbaon, Agitation filly, and Toward from Sydney. Umbba., by Julian A venel— Parachute, has gone to Caulfield to be traioed by her owner, Mr. J. D organ. 