ENGLISH AND AMERICAN ENGLISH. [Daily News.) That it should have been found necessary to "Anglicise," almost to the extent of re- writing it, the dialogue of a play written by Mr Brander Matthews, an American author, and about to be produced at the Court Theatre in London, is a remarkable proof of the divergence of the every-day language of the two greatest English-speak- ing countries in the world. This is not a mere matter of accent or intonation, but of the actual meaning attached to certain familiar words and expressions. In the olden days of slow and difficult communica- tion such difference in language might be found in a couple of Lancashire or Yorkshire valleys separated only by a lofty and track- less moor. People did not wander far from home before the invention of railways, and even now agricultural labourers may be found in north-eastern Essex who have never been to Colchester, although it is not ten miles from their native village. Isolation is the parent of dialect. It is not, therefore, won- derful that England and the United States, separated by 3000 miles of sea, a wearisome voyage for more than 200 years, should speak varieties of a common language rather than an identical tongue common to both. It would argue very shallow observation to infer that all the changes and innovations have taken place on the other side of the Atlantic, for many of the most salient Americanisms, as they are sometimes hastily called, are really survivals of good sound English. In such cases it wiII be found that the original meaning of the word has been retained in the New England, while in the Old either the signification has changed or the word dropped out of use altogether. This was pointed out by, among others, Mr Edward A Freeman, although he hardly selected the best examples to illustrate un- doubtedly sound doctrine. One of the most familiar to those who study America, instead of merely whisking through it, is the use of the word "sick." An American does not say he is "ill," any more than would Miles Coverdale have done, but employs the old Biblical word "sick," now restricted in this country to a narrower signification. Perhaps the most remarkable instance of this divergence of language is that of the Englishman who was dumbfounded by a statement made to him by one of the best housewives in the State of Massachussetts. Said she : "I had a lovely gray squirrel, quite clever and cunning ; but one day it turned ugly and bit me." How, was his first thought, could a lovely squirrel turn ugly ? A moment's thought, however, wiII tell anybody that "ugly" in New England is used in the same sense as that in which we still speak of a disagreeable, dangerous fellow as an "ugly customer," a colloquial phrase in which an otherwise obsolete sense of the word survives among us. "Clever" and "cunning" also are used in the speech quoted above in an entirely different sense from that understood by us at present, with one exception, a "clever hack," which does not signify a horse which can perform circus tricks or even jump cleverly, but a handsome well conditioned animal. "Cunning," however, appears to be a clear case of trans-atlantic mutilation, for in the language spoken in the Northern States it has nothing to do with artfulness. It signifies pretty, graceful, or engaging, and is applied to children. A "clever" man is in Boston parlance what a "fine" man is in New York, fairly well-looking, genial, good-natured, and of a high moral character, the latter qualities being more distinctly connoted by "fine" than actual good looks. This confuses not a little the new-comer who has been accustomed to think of a fine man as a kind of well- thickened Life Guardsman, and of a fine woman as a Juno-like matron, of the ap- pearance abhored by Nathaniel Hawthorne. When an American of the middle class wishes to say that a man is clever in the modern English sense, he says that he is "smart," a word used by us to indicate neat- ness and celerity at work, at drill, or in dress, and never with reference to astute- ness. In the course of every-day working life in the United States such words as those just cited are in frequent use as well as the curious variations in the appellation of familiar objects. Thus in the railway-life, of which there is a great deal in America, the railway is the rail-"road," a distinct survival of the first term used in England ; the terminus or railway station is the "depot ;" passengers do not go by train, but "take the cars" or "steam-cars ;" the guard is a "conductor ;" the luggage is "bag- gage ;" if the "freight" be corn, it is maize and no other cereal ; and the passengers are said to be "on board." It is not only in railway travelling that such variations of expression are found. If the visitor takes a walk in New York City, as it is always called to distinguish it from the State of that name, he can find abundant food for philological musing. The pavement on which he stands is the "sidewalk," the steps he has just descended from the "stoop" - obviously Dutch, like "spook" for ghost - the shops he looks into are "stores," the apothecary's is a "drug store," an improvement on our "chemist's," which is idiotic When he has admired the "drug clerk" he can interview that rnarvellous product of civilisation, the "hotel clerk," and he will find a "dry-goods clerk" at the haberdasher's, unless he prefers to sub- mit his wants to the "saleslady" who dis- penses "notions." He will find that an omnibus is a "stage" and a cab a "hack." If he visit New York in that most plea- sant season, the autumn, he will find that the "fall" trade is "in full "blast," and if he asks his way he wiII be informed, with infinite civility, not that he should take such and such a turning, but go so many "blocks," when he will find "23rd" or "42nd," the word "street" being always omitted. If he has been to "Wall" or "Broad," he will not go west from the city, but from "down town" to "up town." He will probably meet "quite a number" of eminent citizens who have "taught school," and if he lodge anywhere with a friend, instead of at a hotel, he will "stop in" to get shaved on the way to "the house," not home. These little pecularities are noted with a view of illustrating the difficulty experienced by an American, unless he be a "solid man of Boston" educated in Europe, in writing for an English audience to whom a walk "up town" would be incom- prehensible, and the "long" and "short" of the New York Stock Exchange would require to be translated into bulls and bears. These observations, we need hardly add, are made in no spirit of depreciation to- wards novelties in diction. Language, like other growths of healthy national life, is a living moving thing not to be stifled by Della Cruscan rules. It is true that a line must be drawn somewhere, and that we cannot read without a shudder an account of a man who "failed to locate a Shake- spearian quotation," and that we would rather write that an undertaking did not succeed than that it " eventuated in a fizzle." Such pearls of language as these, however, are rather the work of half-educated re- porters, anxious to figure as word-painters, than genuine expressions of a national language, and are no more used by the great bulk of native-born citizens than by the elegant literary circles of Boston. 