English <& Foreign. COLONIAL NOTES. (European Mail, Juno 6.) " Gbkhbai. " Booth, tho head of the Salva tion Army, is expected shortly to make a tour of Australia a'nd'Now Zoaland. Doubtless this determination on the part of tho General to visit our colonies has been prompted by the success of the Bcdmond mission through Aus tralia and New Zealand. More funds are re quired to keep the Salvation Army going, and the " General" no doubt feels that tho colonists are the most likely peoplo to help forward a movement which has received so mush support amongst a certain olass of philanthropists at home. \- The French Minister of Public Instractiom has.just sent out Dr. Poussie.of tho Messsgeries lfaritimes, and a member of the Anthropologi cal Society, on an othnographical and natural ' history mission to Australia and India. V "Sending coals to Nowcastlo " was onco be ' lieved to be the height of commercial folly; but " ''vout 'atoht change tout cela, and while slcstric lighting companies have beon expatiating on i..-: the undoubted advantages of setting up "in-' ,V stallations"in the colonies, " where coal, and consequently gas, are so dear," ws are actually importing coal from Australia for the manu facture of gas in England; and we are in . "formed that tho ship Port Jackson has arrived • at Liverpool from Sydney. Now South IVeles, u .with a cargo of 8,100 tons of Australian cannel coid for the Liverpool Gas Company. Though | it has not been before made public, it is under: stood that the company have received previous ' 'cargoes of this caunel, which is sredited with great gas producing qualities. ' Whatever his personal defects—which, of ' course, he cannot help—Tawhiao will no doubt ■■ ' be made much fnss of by society in general, and by tho Aborigines Protection Society in .. . particular; and we can only hope that he will : . not suffer, mentally, morally, or physically, in \b '' the process. We aro vory much afraid, how ever, that he is doomed to disappointment in bo ' far'as the great object of his visit is concerned ..r t-whieh.was to ask and receive the same eon • sideration that Cetewayo received at the hands i of the Queen. Cetewayo " came, saw,: and / conquered"—at least, so he thought at the time—although he would certainly have been better-of' if he had been baBed in : the objeot of hie visit to us. If Tdwhioo is sent ' -empty away, instead of being, like Cetewayo, ■ , , presented with half a crown, bo may console . , himself with tho reflection tkat Cotowayo's ex penance lent strong emphasis to the old proverb : about " uneasy hoadsand if tho fate of his > unhappy Zulu " cousin" is wisely brought \- home to his understanding, he > may bo willing ; . to accept with gratitude the easy terras, whicu . .. the > New Zealand - Government is willing to ac eord to him. A seat in the Legislative Council, "a pension, and a well- appointed house will be a ^ '' good exchange for on empty crown and a shadowy dominion. " /Anew company hns just been registered in ; London entitled " The City of Dnnedin fcvu : bnrban Gas Company," the object of which is to manufacture and supply gas for public and private purposes in the bo-oughs of Caversham, Roslyn, Afornicgton, and St. Hilda, nesr Dnnedin, nnd to da all things incidental thereto. Tha capital required is £100,000, jn £10 shares. Hr Charles Gpvan Duffy, KOiLG., 1st Premier of Victoria, who us our readers ai well awate was associated with a past Iris revolutionary struggle, and has for some tin \- been residing at his chateau near Nice, is abos to issue a series of Irish Nationalist pabliei tions, based on the lines laid down by th Young Ireland party of 1818. The object < the forthcoming publieaVian is to infuse a lie national spirit into the Irish people, while n< openly opposing Mr. Parnell and his party. 8: Chai.GsTan Duffy considers Mr.Parnell's mow ment too selfish in its principles, and ndvocati viimplo restoration of the College Green Pa: .liamsnt. .He has seourod tho services of we known Irish writors and politicians. Mr. Joh , O'Leary will contribute to the series tw volumes—"Tho Lifo of Theobald Wolfe Tone, and a skotcli of Penianism. Thomas Clarl Lnby, one of the T.lt.B. Council of Three i 1885, will be another contributor, while 8 Charles himself is preparing a life of Thomi Davis, tho Irish Nal ionalist pool. It is undo . stood that these gentlemen, or at least pome < them, contemplate starling, later on, o new paper in Dublin for tho propagation of the particular ideas. Tho Daily Telcgrajth feaTsth: the Young Ireland chief working again c Irish soil will Bud himself liko a .ghost revisi ing tho glimpses of tho moon. " History," observes,has swept by and put tho iiter.ar gentlemanly, sentimental sedition of the ps entirely out of date Men of courser type ai lower aims stir tho Ireland of to-day." -AC Afiklonho-lfacluy, tho well-knot Russian traveller and explorer, haa folt bout .. tb reply to tho severe criticisms rstently passi upon him by the Novo* PVemya, of St. Potipi harg. in regard to his notion in connection wi tho proposed annexation of New Guinea the British Empire. In a long communication to the Novoste he quotes a lengthy correspon dence betwem himself, Sir Arthur Gordon, I Lord Augustus Loflui, Lord iJ)orby, Mr. | Gladelono, and ofchoro, . in vindication of! bis soaduofc in Ike matter, and as proof of tho misrepresentations made by tlw writer in _the Nbroe Vremyn. Ho alaa repudiates the title of Baron given him in Kng Und. At the same time he recordb his e-mric tion that, tho Briliih Gov t-rnmsnt, will eventually compt> with the request'made'to'it" by tho Intercolonial Conference to annex tho jroup of inland) from Fiji-to New Guinea inclusive. Ho then refer* to tho strong petitions occupied and about to bo takes up. by the chief .Kurope.tn Power* generally in the Pacific, and concludes by expressing the hope that ftusua, with bur 3,000 miles of coast lino on. the Pacific, wili qIbo soon take up her proper place in that ocean by timely occupation of convonient sta tions for her fleet. " Taking iato consideration tho soriously do pressed condition of the shipping trado gone rally, the shareholders of Ibo Peninsular and Oriental Company aro to be congratulated go tho declaration of tho uaual dividend at tho rate of 5 per cant, per a'nnum. Ibo directors* report, just issued, is a little paradoxical. In one part it is stated that u tho excessive ship building of tho last few years is no doubt mainly responsible for tho pre?.ent state of things/* and in another we are told that " ainco the last report two new steamers have been despatched on their first voyages, and of tho other two new vessels one has been launched and the other ia approaching completion." 2> ow, the Peninsular and Oriental fleet has ever been looked upon as the finest mercantile- fleet in the world. AU that tho other companies hsvo been trying to do ia to vie with the Penin Bular and Oriented to some cxteut, but the directors of the old institution in Leadenhsll street will not allow them to do anything of the ' sort, and therefore new boat? hare been built in order to keep the Peninuitr and. Oriental Com pany far aboveany of its competitors, and retain the bulk of the Eastern and Australian steam trade. Therefore, " if the excessive shipbuild ing of tho past few years" is responsible for the presont state of things, the directors of the Pen insular and Oriental. Co. cannot acquit them selves of all blame in the matter. Unfortu nately, very little wa* said about the Australian trade in the report, but it surely cannot be bo bad as the trade between this country and the East. Homeward freights from Bombay, it would appear, have been as low as 163., and rarely exceeded 20s during the last few months, while during, the recent spring the rates of freight on dead weight, seed*, hides, and such like cargo at Calcutta were exactly 50 , per eent. below the rates which prevailed at; the corresponding period of the previous yoar. Needless, to say the. company's earn ings have been considerably affected by these facts. The revenue, however, has been;well maintained by extra work and the employment of larger carrying vessels, while tho passenger traffic h&« alio been satisfactory. It is to be hoped that some improvement in business may enable the diroctors to make a more promising rop<yt at the end of the financial year, but the directors candidly confess that 11 they are cer tainly not justified by what they see at pre sent in holding out any sanguine anticipations on this subject" 