THE MERCURY. FRIDAY MORNING, JULY 4, 1884. THE St. Petersburgh correspondent of The Times supplies some information, under date May the 15th, which can scarcely fail to have a very considerable offset on the policy of the British Govern- ment. At least, we should rather say, perhaps, that it is the sort of information which would have very considerable effect, if it was possible to atone for past neglect, indifference, and vacillation, and prevent Russia doing what she already boasts of as faits accomplis. It seems that there is publishod at Triflis an official newspaper called tho Kavkas, which is con- trolled by Prince DONDOUKOFF-KORSA KOFF, wlioso mission it is, we learn, to organiso the governments of the peoples in tho neighbourhood of Merv, whither Russia has so rccontly advanced, curiously enough, just at tho vary time when Great Britain had her hands full with the affairs of Egypt. Tho Kavlas has been very insolent and threatening towards Great Britain for sorao time past, but the Government has not taken any notice of the fact, although the Russian Press is notoriously not allowed to speak a word usually without official supervision. The last outburst of the paper is, however, so very virulent and outspoken, that the correspondent of The Times is of opinion that it cannot be overlooked, and thinks1 that the officials are in a difficulty as to what they sholl accept and what they shall disown. As far as wo know, nothing was aotually done of any real value. The Russian Government does not soem to have taken any steps to disavow tho statements of tho papor, or to exercise tho usual supervision over its utterances. It appears, howovor, that the RusBian Government has taken stops to suppress all telegrams referring to tho articles in this papor, which do, in fact, ombody tho1 opinions of a large num- ber of tho officials, if not tho policy of the Government itself, and fully confirm what Colonel BURNABY was told by the Russian officers with whom he came into contact in tho course of his famous ride to Khiva. At that time it was the fa- vourite policy of a largo class of British politicians to declare that all such forecasts of the future were absurd, because the Russians never could get to Merv in any circumstances, and it was quite impro- bable that they would ever threaten HERAT. Once again, what the wiseacres declared to be improbable has happenod. What they declared could not be done has been done The danger whioh all the persons who know the country pointed out, against which the British Government has boen warned, from tho time of VAMBERY down to the latest utterance of Lord NAPIER, of Magdala, in the House of Lords, looms large and threatening through the mist, and every day grow moro solid and substantial in shape. Now, we have, the situation as seen by Russian eyes put plainly in those indiscreet articles of the Triflis nowspapor, and it will be well if British SsatcBmon aro not BO old but that they can learn from others, and not so bigoted with doctrinaire views but that thoy aro ablo to learn. They have refused, over and over again, to be taught by thoir own generals ; it is possible that they may still romembor what they learned at school, that it is lawful to be taught by the onemy. Tho KavTcas calmly and loftily an- nounces that tho Russians do not want India. It sayB that Russia has undertaken a gigantic task in Central Asia, which ren- ders the acquisition of further terri- tory unnecessary, but there is no doubt that Russia could conquer India if sho desired to do BO. We must, of course, accept this modest declaration for what it is worth, and wo nood not trouble ourselves with the boasts of a paper dovotod to the interests of a commander who may bo proud of the very responsiblo duty entrusted to him. But, wo may well note the statement that "India is im- portant to us in this respect, that we can always deal England a weighty blow when necessary." This statement has special importance, because it proves that tho military authorities of Russia, who aro most conversant with Central Asia, and with what is going on thoro at tho prosent timo, hold very difforont views of tho situation from thoso once, if not still, popular amongst the exceedingly clever Liberals of Great Britain, and to the Russians thoro does not appear to bo an impassable gulf between Central Asia and India. They do not regard it os a thing impossible to march an army in these days through tho passes which ALEXANDER THE GREAT found open to his 'arms, but, on tho contrary, rogard tho thing as quite within their means. The policy wpuld be, not to conquer India, for that would bo a gigantic work, but to raise such hopes of liberation amongst the Hindoos as would necessitate the presence of a vory large British force.' Afghanistan is regarded by the authority we quoto as precisely what is "required to enable such a , policy to be < carried i outj for it is destined, wo are told, to play the same part as did Roumania - ,inr , tho last ywar with Turkey,' that is, to afford a base of operations,- and, an excuse for ¡warlike intervention,-The-Kavkas says-that Afghanistan can never be turned against Russia, but may be readily turned against Great Britain, and the statement is fully borne out by all the experience of the past. " ^_ The policy which is now being pursued by Great BritainTowards the Ameer of ^Aghanistan is the old one, the payment of a large sum (of .money every year to secure his friendship. "This was the policy followed in regard tó'Sbere AM, who was alwaysf wanting 'more,, and finally wont over to the Russians,- and refused- to ad- mit a British embassy into bis territory. The ' Kavltas rudely,^ "but 'we-*' fear truly, says that the money now being paid by Great Britain . to Afghanistan is thrown away, and we believe this to be a corred view of tho position, becausa^tho friendship of an Ameer < was, rioVer yet securod permanently by this means. He has always gono over to a higher bidder, or, conceiving that Russia has moro powor to do hira harm than Great Britain, he has intrigued with tho former whilst ho raado fair speeches to the latter. Tho JOrio'ntal mind only understands the argu- ment from suporior forco, and has the most profound contempt for all endeavours to cdnoiltate by palaver, or those favourite appeals to lofty principles, of whioh one portion of tho Liboral party is io fond. Tho fylaaian Organ has given fair warn- ing ; lot us-hope that'it will be taken. "" THOSE who havo lind tho management of-tho meetings-at the Town Hall recently havo got too many irona in tho fire. It was quite evident (hat tho strength and go of the movement was being weakened by being i diffused through a nnmher of channels, somo quite subsidiary ones, and the result will 1 bo, wo aro afraid, that what carno in like a ?lion will go out like a lamb. Tho question of the extension of the franchiso is ono, in itself, quite sufficient to occupy all the timo and exercise all tho poner that can bo Bparcd and got together, and it is important that those who wish for success should act promptly, vigorously, and unitodly. It was, therefore, simply suicidal to introduce a disputed question of municipal reform, upon which there may he wide differences of opinion, and actually to go so far out of the way as to insist that the Mayor shall be elected by the general body of tile citizens. No doubt thero is a groat deal to ho said in favour of this e h nge, as there is a great deal to be said in favour of any posaible chango that could be proposed, but experienced political workers know that one thing at a time is quite enough, and that reforms must bo got littlo by little, and cannot be obtained in a misa. Again, there is the great and most important subject of the stock tax, and that extraordinary prohibition against the importation of care-no meat, which aro admitted to be tho source of much discomfort and oven want to the working classe». The meeting, whose experience cannot bo gainsaid on such a point, boro testimony to the fact that the price of meat is very high, and that it has the effect of making wages much lowor in roality than thoy are in name. Thoso mem- bers of Parliament who asserted last year in the Assembly that the high price paid by the working clisses for meat was due to the fastidious fashion in which they inaist on having the very best parts would have been taught a different thing if thoy had dared to repeat to tho mooting what thoy IIB ?erted in tho House, and we do not expect to hoar this extraordinaryargument putforward again. l But it should have been tho business of th» meeting, instead of frittoring its time away, and wasting its effective strength in diBSortations on the rlcotion of mayors and councillors, to have provided its supporters in Parliament with an answer to the state- ments that have been mado. It should have borne testimony to the faots. It should have swept away the delusions of many members, and have stated the naked and painful truth, and thus have left tho oppo- nents of the repeal of tho tax no ground whereon to stand. For, the stock-tax and the 20th section of tho Act 21 Vic, No. 51, are not going to bo got rid of without a struggle. The clause referred to prohibits tho importation of carcase meat into Hobart be- tween the 31st of Auguat and the 30th April, under a penalty not exceeding £50, and must bo regarded as amongst the curiosities of utterly selfish legislation. But selfish- ness has stout legs and wind that is won- drous sound. It is not going to retire without a Btruggle, nor will it undo its work excopt under very strong compulsion. Now, if the organisers of these meetings had taken steps to pro/¡do mombcrs of Parlia- ment with a stern array of facts, if they had arranged to show what tho working classes do suffer, and what ia the effect of these laws upon wages, and, consequently, on tho progress of the Colony, thoy would havo dono real work, and would have cleared tho way for an ultimate victory. It is not too late yet. Let those who aro the leaders preparo petitions setting forth the plain 'facts of tho case both in regard to the franchise and the taxes on food and get them signed by all con- cerned, and wo venture to say that tho Legislature will not ? venture to disregard them. But, if theorists insist on airing their notions about half-a-dozon things at a time, the power now accumulated will be wasted, and the'work, will havo to he .dono over again at some future period. Men can bo got for a few shillings a-day to break sound heads, but they cannot bo got at any price to break lound arguments. Now, what is required to ensure success is, that sound arguments , and indisputable facts shall bo embodied in a document and pre- sented to the Legislature, where it will remain like the ghost of Banauo at Macbeth'« feast, and mako the authors of the stook tax each cry out, "Thou can'at not say I did it." '_ ' CABLE NEWS.-Tho President of tho Bri- tish Board of Trade has withdrawn his bill introduced in the House of Commons for amendment of the Merchant Shipping Acts, A proposal is under consideration for per- mitting the investment of Chancory funda in Colonial Government Securities. Tenders for the Melbourne Harbour TruBt loan of a quarter million-will bo opened on tho 15th inst. Legal opinion has been given that the Victorian Government havo a priority of claim on London assets of tho Oriental ' Bank in rcspeet to drafts on London held, by that Government. The reported capturo of Debbah and mas- sacre of the garrison is believed to be untrue. The French Chambers havo passed M Ferry's bill for the partial revision of tho Constitution, and which, among other re- forms, curtails the powers of the Ssnato in regard to money bills. * The Australian Eleven, on Thursday, commenced a match with the Huddersfield and district men, in which the Home team, who went Grit to tho wickets, have shown some good play, getting 320 for the loss of five wickets. INWARD P. AND 0. MAILS.-A momo, was roccived from Adelaide at the telegraph office yeBterday, as followB :-"R.M.S. Sut lej arrived at Glenelg at 5*30 a.m." SUNDAY TRAINS.-A special train will leave tho Hobart terminus to-morrow (Sun- day) at 9> p.m., arriving at Launceston on tho following morning at 7*40 o'clock. Pas- sengers by train will catch the s.a. Flinders which leaves for Melbourne at 11 a.m. on Monday. A special train will leave Laun- ceston about the time abovo-mentionsdj arriving here at 7*40 a,m. on Monday. THE TEMPORARY CHURCH IN ELIZABETH STREET.- With reference to the temporary church in Elizabeth-street, the building of which had been stopped in consequence of it not being in accordance with the Prevention of Fires Act, we may say that the municipal authorities are acting very strangely. We understand that the work of erection is still going on, and that an attempt is being made practically to evade the law. We think that the council ought at once to bring tho busi- ness to a decided test, and see whether the law can be carried or no, and not permit evasions to go on which may lead to danger to the public. This is a case in which the test should be fairly and promptly made. MILITARY STORES AT LAUNCESTON.- Mr. James Chisholm, master gunner, writes : " In Thursday's paper (July 3), your Laun- ceston correspondent telegraphs that the Launceston Volunteer Artillery, being armed with the M.L. carbine, were not able to join in the feu de joie fired, there being only about 10 rounds of blank cartridges in Launceston for that weapon. Your correspondent has been wrongly informed, for there were over 12,000 rounds of blank in stores at Launces- ton for the service of that weapon." WHERE IS VAN DIEMEN'S LAND? Mr. F. H. Piesse writes.- Sir, "Yesterday a friend of mine handed me a catalogue of wool sold at auction by Messrs. Charles Balme and Co., it the wool exchange, 25 Coleman-street, London, on the 29th April, 1884\. Among the lots described are 11 bales Van Diemen's Land. It is not very surprising that so little is known respecting Tasmania, when we find the old and (with us) long disused name of V.D. Land still quoted in the marts of commerce as the place from whense comee our staple ex- port. I enclose the catalogue. THE MELBOURNE CUP.- In the list of weights for the Melbourne Cup, telegraphed from Molhourno for publication on the 1st inst., the name of Mr. E. P. Wilson's "Signor"was omitted. Tho Argus of the 1st inst., to hand last night, gives the com- plete list, in which Signor is alloted Gat, THE ADDRESS IN-REPLY TO HIS EXCEL- LENCY'S SPEKCH.-The President and Chair- man of the Legislative Council,1 the Chief' Secrotary and Mr. Fysh and Dr. Agnew, the mover and.socdndor of the address-in reply, waited upon His Excollem.y tho Go- vernor on Friday, at noon; and presented the address to His Excolloncy in accordance with usual custom. His Excelloncy thanked tho hon. members for their roply, and tho committee uithdrow. THE RESOLUTIONS OP THE FEDERAL CON- VENTION,-Tho lion, tho Premior yostorday morning received tho following cablegram from the Hon. James Sorvico, Premier of Victoria :-" Tho Convention resolution's have all been pasted by our Assembly, with only fivo dissentients." The telegram Ms timed ß-35 a.m., from whioh it would ap poar that the Victorian Assembly were en- gaged in discussing the resolutions till far into the morning. THE PUBLIC MEETINGS IN MIK TOWN HALL.-Last evening tho third of the meet- ings which originated in 'the desire of a number of citizens to exprrsB their views on matters of importance to tho community was held in the Town Hall. His Worship tho Mayor presided, and there was a large at- tendance. Tho discussion on the motion that it was necessary to havo manhood suffrage, which was not concluded at the meeting on Monday evening, was continued, and after a short debate was carriol unanimously. Mr. Kirk then moved a motion to the effect that the voting powers for municipal elections should bo so far altered as to confer ono vote on every housaholder and reduce con- siderably the maximum nnmber of voles now allowed to one individual. This motion was carried by acoiamation. A motion that the restrictions upon tho importation of meat should be removed was also carried. A vote of thanks to tho chairman terminated the proceedings. TUB DEAD LION.-Mr. Guesdon went out of his way at tho meeting in the Town Hall last night to deprecate tho proposal to vote a momorial to the late Hon. T. D. Chapman. Mr. Guesdon urged that the deceased gentle- man had been instrumental in putting on the stock tax, and that the public had not sub- scribed sufficient monoy for a memorial. Wo think that Mr. Qucsdon mado a mistake, v< hich ho will admit on reflection. No doubt Mr. Chapman, like others, fell into some errors, but, surely, he did work enough for this colony to warrant somo memorial of his services being voted. It is possiblo that even tho publie may bo forgetful or un- grateful, but that is too common to warrant tho fact being UBed against doing honour to a publio mau whoso services aro not disputed. CORRECTION.-In our longthy roport of Parliamentary proceedings appearing in yesterday's Mercury some fow errors necos sarily escaped notice In the Legislative Council report Mr. Hodgson's nome appears instead of Mr. J. Scott's, tho first-named member not being present. In tho Chlof Secretary's remarks, In ragard to the direct steam service, he is made to say that it waB in a state of " revolution," instead of "evolution." Mr. Reibey,in tho Assembly, said ho hoped tho House would "not" sanction expenditure for what was called superior education. A misprint makes tho word quoted read " now." PURCHASE OK LAND FOR RAILWAYS.-In replying to A deputation from Tunnack, which waited upon him yesterday to ask for rail- way extension to that district, tho Minister of Lands stated ono groat deterrent to the operations of the Government in the direc- tion of railway construction. HI'B own indi- vidual opinion, ho said, on the matter of light railways in various parts of tho country was already well known, but ho would he very loth to eontinue the construc- tion of railways until some legislation is brought «bout to limit what he might call the boundless rapacity of landholders whon required to give up a portion of their pro- perty for railway purposes. The land re- quired for the Morsey and Deloraine Rail- way, he added, had cost an average of £33 per acre, whilst the total demands per aero amounted to little less than £60. Ona mem- ber of the deputation hastened to assure the Minister that this could not occur in tho pro sent inBtanco, as tho landholders had, in the majority of instances, decided to grant'tho land to the Government gratis. But Mr. Brown was not satisfied. So aceopted tho assurance with tho fullest confidence, but he had had similar promises beforo, and thoy woro nover kopt. Tho statement made only convinced him the more that some definite legislation in the matter was necessary. The Minister of Lands did notrnxpla'm the oxaat manner in which legislation would deal with the matter ; but if ho can devise somo means of curbing the inevitable " rapacity" of human landholders he will have the full sympathy of reasonable people. IMMIGRATION.-By last mail Mr. Just, the Immigration Agsnt, received a list of the immigrants now on the way per Gulf ot Car- pentaria, expected to arrive hero about the 20th inst. There aro in all 147 souls, equal to 112 statute adults. The immigrants seem a well-selected band, ombracing soveral classes of artizans, farm labourers, and a "goodly number of domestic sorvants. We understand tho list will bo published in n few days. His Excellency the Governor-in Council has, wo are intormed, given his assent to the proposed reduction in the rates of passage for farm labourers and domestics. The whole of the immigrants per Westmeath are now engaged, and giving satisfaction to their employers. MUNICIPAL.-The Munioipal Council will meet on Monday next, at the Municipal Council Chamber, at 4 o'clock, when the following business is Bet down for considera- tion, besides subjects that may require prompt attention during the sitting. Re fiorts from the various committees, as foi ows :-Publio WorkB : On petition, asking for permission to place a bridge over the water way in Murray-street for a cart en- trance to certain properties. On petition from .residents in Liverpool-street, asking for new cement to be laid down on footway in Liverpool-Btrect and Murray-street. On letter from Mr. Charles Butler complaining ofdrain in Hampden-road On letter from Mr. R. McCracken, asking for drain pipes to bo laid down through his land at Montpelier road. On letter from Mr. C. G. Eady with reference to the flagging in front of his pre- mises In Liverpool street. On letter from Mr. G Atkins, asking permission to placo a (¡ign board over pathway in Argyle street, and also a bridge over the gutter. On Utter from Mr. J. R. Lloyd with roforenco to the light .ing of new buildings in Elisabeth and Liverpool streets. On letter fioin Mr. W. T. Birch, complaining of damago to his land by a drain running through the same. On letter from Messrs. Miles and Co., asking for the dust carts to bo allowed to call oach morn- ing to remove the dust that accumulates on their premises. On letter from Mr. D. McKenzie, asking for drains to bo formed near his premises in Forest-road. Water-| works : On petition, asking for water to be laid on to Scott-street (Presbyterian Glebe). On letter from Mrs. M. Cavey applying for compensation for IOSB of custom occasioned by works at distributing reservoir. ,, Police :i On petition with referenco to a house occu I Èieiî by Mrs. Shoegrove at the corner of bathurst and Barrack street Orders of thoi Day : Mr. Alderman Crisp to move,-" That a resolution carried at last special meeting of this council, authorising the Waterworks Committee to call for tenders for storage reservoir bo rescinded, . I j i ClTr ' POLICE COURT.-Messrs. Huybers and Riddoch, Js.P., attended at the City Police Court yesterday morning. Samuel 'Farley, Daniel Riley, and Margaret Clegg,! for being drunk and disorderly, and Mar- garet Priest, for disturbing tho peace,! were oach finod CB., in default, seven1 days' imprisonment. Charles H. Williams,' pleaded guilty to havingunlawfully absented himself from his apprenticeship to Wm. Koeck, bootmaker, lie waa fined £1, and costs. Superintendent Pedder proceeded agaiaBt John Shoegrove for having har- boured women of bad repute, on the 27th ult. Mr. D. H. Crisp appeared for the de fondant, and stated lie was an invalid, and unable to attend. In default of a medical certificate' to ' the effect, the case waa ad- journed until Tuesday next. David Walch, and Charles Burnell, pleaded guilty to having left their cabs, without anyone to look after thom. Thoy wero fined 6s. and 10s. Od. respectively. Richard Kilby was oharged with stealing two flannel shirts, the property of Daniel Free- man. Defendant pleaded' not guiity. Mary Ann Freeman identified the articles as lier property, and stated that on Saturday night last thoy had been removed from the .olothos linn. No one had been authorised to remove tho articles. John 'Williams, in the employ of Mr, Roberta, pawnbroker, gave evidence to the effect that defendant tried to pawn the clothes with him on Monday even- ing. Defendant had said that ho had bought them in Liverpool-street, but as ha did not believe the statement, ho detained them and gave ¿cfondaut in charge. Constable Lennon gave eridencoos to defendant's arrest. lu his defence, prisoner mado a statement that tho goods had be'en sold to him by another man. Tho Bench found him guilty and sen- tenced him to six months imprisonment. ' , TEMPERANCE ADDRESSES.-Wr. W. T, Glover, who is now at Launceston, will com- mence a series of Tcmpci'anoo addresses in the Hobart Town Hall next week, SOUTHERN HUNT CLUB.-The hounds will meet to day at Oatlands, when a stag will be hunted, A COLONIAL EXUIIHTION.-In reply to a requisition which has boon presented to him, the Mayor has convened a public mooting to lie hold in the courtroom of tho Town Hall on Tuesday next with regard to tho holding of n Colonial Exhibition in 1885, and with the further viow of the colony hoing repre- sented at tho Colonial Exhibition which is to bo held in London in 1880. SuritKMB COURT.-The first Banco Sit- tings of Second Term wero held yeateiday morning, before Acting-Chief Jua tico Dob-. Bon and Tustioe Rogers. In tho Common Law Branch, Mr. J. S. Dodds (instructed by Dobson and Mitchell) applied for a rulo nisi for a nonauit on certain points of law, Iwhich woro rosorved at tho trial in the case ¡Glark v. the Campbell Town Water Tumi .or, for a now trial, on the ground that the \erdict was against the weight of ovidonco. The rule W»B granted, Mr. A. Dobson (in- structed by DoWm and Mitchell) applied, in the caso of Mott v. the Main Lint Rail- way Co., in which a verdict was gh en for the plaintiff for £450, for injuries sustained , by him, owing to tho falling upon him of the door of the goods shed at the Jorusnlcm Railway station, for a rule tiwi for a new trial, on the ground that cortaiu points as to contributory negligence on the part of tho plaintiff wore not left by tho Judgo for the consideration of tho jury. Their Honors, after hearing argument, ro- sorved their decision. In tin.' caso Ferguson v. Boag, in which a verdict was given for the plaintiff for the amount claimed for goods sold and delivered, Mr. A. Dobson (instructed by Elliston and Foathorstone) ap- plied on behalf of tho defendant, for a non- suit, on a point taken at the trial, that the transaction was not with the plaintiff at all, but with the Bristol manufacturera, and that tho defendant could not bo liable on ac- count of money paid, because Buch payment was not mado at his rcquost. Tho decision of tho Court was reserved. In Equity, in tho caso Fieltl and Others v. Douglas and Others, Mr. Jackson (instructed by Elliston and Featherstone) applied on behalf of the plaintiff for leave to amend the bill in res- pect of certain clerical amd printer's errors of a most extraordinary character which had crept intp it. The Aoting-Chief Justice re- marked that the application might just as woll have been mado in chambers. Tho amendments woro allowed. In tho Matri- monial Causes Jurisdiction, Mr. Dobson (in- structed by Dobson and Mitchell) moved for directions as to modo of trial in a suit for dissolution of marriage Doran v. Doran and Others, and asked that the evidence bo hoard orally. Application granted, subject to tho filing of an affidavit in support of the peti- tion Before the day of trial-dato of hearing to bo fixed subsequently. CHURCH SERVICES -At tho Molvillo-atreot Wesleyan Church service will bo conducted to-morrow morning by tho Rov. H. Green- wood, and in tho ovening by Rev. H. 15. Mel riman, and at the Dayey-streot Church in tho morning by the Rev. H. E. Merriman, and in the evoning by tho Rev. H. Groonwood. Tho Rev. G. W. Sharp will officiate at tho Memorial Church in tho morning, and the Rov, George Clarke in the evening, and tho Rev, W, H. Bowe will conduct morning and ovening service at tho Methodist Frto Church, Murray-Btreet. Tho Rov. I. II. Palfrcyman will preach a temperance sermon in the King-street Baptist Church in the evoning, while the Rev. C. Anthony and Mr. Lake will conduct services at tho Mariners' Church. THE LATE MR. WILLIAM PRATT.-Tho remains of this old citircn of 00 years' standing wero ycBterday intorrod in tho Queenborough Cemetery, followed hy over a score of descendants and many citizens. Tho Woslcyan Church, of which Mr. Pratt was a trustee, and had been a member for 63 years, was draped in black. Tho funoiul obsequies wero conducted by tho Revs. John Cope, H. Greenwood, and U. E. Merriman, tho Rev. J. Wilkoa-Simmons boiug also pro sent. The Rov. John Cope, as one who, on his arrival in Tasmania 30 years ago, first met Mr. Pratt as au officer of tho church, delivered a briof, but impressive address ; after which the remains wero convoyed from the church to tho Sandy Bay Cemetory, tho Revs. Groonwood and Merriman concluding the funeral coremonics over the body of tho oldest officer of tho Wcsloyan Church in Tasmania. SUDDEN DEATH IN BROWN STREFT.-The inhabitants of the Old Beach and Bothwell districts will hear with regret of the sudden death of Mr. Charles Blake, son of the well known carrier, at his residence, Brown- street, Hobart, yesterday morning. The family name has been associated with Tas mania from its earliest history. The de ceased, for many years, followed in the track of his father, as a carrier between Bothwell and Hobart. For some years, however, he has been unable to pursue his early calling ; and latterly he has followed lighter avocations, with varying success. His last adventure was in dairy farming on the Augusta-road, but declining health ren- dered him unequal to the strain, and, lat- terly, he has grown feebler still. Yester- day morning his ailments ended in sudden death. After rising as usual, and walking about the house, he fell down apparently in a fit, and was unable to rise, and life was quickly extinct. The coroner's officer (Mr. Maum) was speedily communicated with; and, on reporting the case to Dr. Perrkins, deceased's medical attendant, found that death had resulted, as reported, from old standing heart disease Mr. Blake was much respected in the sphere in which he moved, and, dying at the comparatively early age of 42, leaves a widow and a family of six to mourn their loss. The youngest child of the family is barely two weeks old. INQUESTS.-An inquest will be held to- day, at 11 a.m., at the Bird-in-Hand Hotel, Argyle street, on the body of the child found on Sandy Bay Beach, on Thursday afternoon last. An inquest will also take place at the same hour and place, on Mon- day next, on the body of an old resident at Sandy Bay, who expired suddenly on Thurs- day evening last. CASUALTIES.-John Bellis, aged 3 years, a labourer's son, residing ta Battery Point, was treated at the General Hospital yester day for a cut on his foot, inflcted by an axe by his brother. Thos. J, Hanks, an iron- monger, aged 26, had his thumb crushed yesterday by a jam between the stems of two boats. The wound was dressed at the hospital, and the man proceeded home. FIRE -A fire broke out in the house oc- cupied by Mr. Ready, 116, Bathurst- street, about 3 50 p.m. yesterday. The fire bell rang the usual alarm, and Mr. Maher and the fire brigade were soon present, but their services were not required, the flames being extinguished by the prompt use of a few buckets of water, very little damage being done. The fire originated in the roof through a pipe from a copper which pierced it, and it becoming heated and causing the shingles to ignite. The house is the property of Mr. J. G. Fleming, and is in- sured in the Commercial Union Co. for £300. PIGEON MATCH AT MELTON MOWBRAY.-A handicap pigeon shooting match will take place to-day at Melton Mowbray. Three events have been arranged:-First, for those who have, never won a greater prize than 3 sovs,; second, a 1 sov. handicap; and third, a general sweep. A good number of entries have been received for the various events, and as plenty of strong birds have been provided the affair should prove very enjoyable. GREENPOND) .Our correspondent writes: -On Saturday last, 28th ult., the Bothwell and Green Ponds football teams met. The day was fine, and there was a large attend- ance of spectators. _ On this occasion the Green Ponds were victors, having obtained 3 goals to 1 Bothwell. Wednesday, 2nd inst., was observed as a general holiday, but there was little to make it appear so. The shops were all closed, and a football match between the Hobart Mercantile Club and the Green Ponds team was the only public amusement. The new way of playing adopted by the Mercantile club, caused some little excite- ment among the onlookers, whose cries at times were the reverse of gentle. The play also was rough, and it was no wonder that some heavy tumbles resulted, Mr. T. Gor- ringe, jun., having his collar-bone broken and another, W., Hook, of the Mercantile club, his shoulder put out. Dr. Naylor was sent for to attend, Mr. Gorringe, but did not got down till, Thursday morning, and the patient is now as well as the circumstances permit. Much discussion has followed on the paper read by Mr. P. O. Fysh, on the extension of the franchise, and the people here are looking forward to the Parliamen- tary debates on this and other questions, with more than usual interest. Most persons here think that, with some restrictions, it will be a step in the right direction. FOOTBALL AT NEW NORFOLK.-On Wed- nesday, 2nd inst., tho Carlton met a Now Norfolk team, at Now Norfolk, and a closo contested gamo icBullod in a win for tho Carlton hy 1 goals to 3. The Carlton goals woro got hy Spencer, Abel, Harrison, and IO. JJ-nly" ; Now Norfolk, Vinon, Bromflold, Clay. Tho following nlao worked hard for thoir sido ¡-Carlton, G. AU wright (capt.), W. Eady, Birchall ; Now Norfolk, Maploy (capt ), O'Kccfo, Silvèrccion. THE OLD ENOLIHII FAIR,- This: aftornoon there will ho a special mahner for tho benefit of school children and families, for whom special attractions will bo provided; and tho I building will open as usual in the evoning. TOTAL ABSTINENCE MEETING.-A meeting in connection with the Gospel Temperance and Blue Ribbon Mission, was held in St. George's schoolroom, Battery Point, last evening. There was a very fair attendance, and Canon Banks-Smith occupied the chair. The chairman explained that the object of the meeting was to get the members of the society together in a social manner, so that they might become better acquainted with one another. Addresses in denunciation of the liquor traffic, and in support of total abstinence, were delivered by the Revs. E. Tucker, F. Shanu, and Mr. L. Lodge, and special reference was made to the ad- vantages to be derived from signing the pledge, and to the evils arising from the practice of moderate drinking. During the evening several hymns were sung, and the choir was led by Miss Wright, who also pro sided at the piano. INTERCOLONIAL FOOTBALL MATCH.-The return match between the Essendon and Southern Tasmania Football players will take place on the New Cricket Ground this afternoon. One alteration has been made in the Hobart team, namely, substituting Kirby for Lloyd, and the visitors will be strengthened by the addition of Stafford, in the place of Dunn, who was injured on Wed- nesday, and who will be unable to take part in the game. The play will commençe at 2-30 p.m. Fine weather is likely to prevail; and, from the great interest taken in the match, there is likely to be again a very large assemblage of spectators. AUSTRALIANS V. PLAYERS OF ENGLAND. In this match, in which the Australians proved victors, the home team made the following scores in their first innings:-W. Bates, bowled, 11; R. G. Barlow, bowled, 47; G. Ullyet, bowled, 70; L. Hall, caught, 16; M. Read, bowled, 31; J. Briggs, bowled, 13; G. G. Hearne, bowled, 3; I. Grimshaw, bowled, 0; T. Emmett, not out, 11; E. Peate, bowled, 2; M. Sherwin, bowled, 2; sundries, l8; total, 230. Bowl- ing analysis-Spofforth, six wickets for 80; Gillen, two wickets for 30; Palmer, two wickets for 80. The first innings of the Australians resulted thus:-A. Bannerman, bowled, 0; P. McDonnell, bowled, 1; G. Giffen, stumped, 31; Murdoch, bowled, 26; Midwinter, bowled, 8; Blackburn, caught, 9; Bonnor, caught, 70; Scott, caught, 3; G. Palmer, not out, 28; F. Spofforth, 4; H. Boyle, bowled, 1; sundries, 0; total, 189\. T. Emmett took five wickets for 40. In the second innings of the Players Barlow was caught for 28, and Hall for 69, the first seven wickets being lost for 106. A meeting of the members of the Royal Society will no held on Monday evening. A concert in aid of the Green Ponds Par sonage Building Fund, is to be hold next Thursday. The Tasmanian Volunteer Rifle Regiment will assemble at the Barracks on Monday evening, when it is requested that every member will be present. A meeting of the members of the Builders' and Contractors' Association will be held at the Masonic Hall, Murray-street, on Monday evening. The quarterly meeting of the Chamber of Commerce is to be held on Tuesday after- noon. Mr. Matthew Burnett will conduct Gospel temperance meetings at Old Beach on Monday and Tuesday evenings next. The half-yearly meeting of the Drapers' and Grocers Assistants' Association will be held on Tuesday evening next. 