CONSEGRATION OF BISHOP MOORE, The consecration of Monsignor Moore as Bishop of Ballarat was solomnisod last Sunday morning in St. Patrick's Cathedral, Ballaiat, Long beforo ten o'clock, tho hour appointed : for tho commencement of the solemnities, ' tho church was filled to repletion, and lata'.' comers had to content themselves with standing room, in tlioaislcs, which by ton o'clock were filled. ' The congregation ' com-" t prised members of various denominations, - as well as visitors' from a'l parts : of' tho country, who wero attracted' by the,! impressive nnd somewhat unusual character '. - of the ceremony. Bishop Moore, who' has ministered in the district surrounding Bal-- larat for many years, is tho first bishop who has been consecrated in Viotorin. The cere-' ' monies, whioh wero of a 'most imposing and' solemn character, wore commenced by a pro cession of acolytes, who marched down the central aisle, each holding a censer in his ' hand: Tho ceremony was performed by Arch bishop Goold, of Melbourne, who was assisted - by several leading members of the clergy. In addition to tho clerical momboro a large number of laymen wore pre sent, -including Messrs. N. Fitzgerald. M.L.C.; J. G. Duffy, M.L. A.; Judge Trench, Mr. V. H. Archer, the mayor and ex-mayor: of the city, the city councillors and represen tatives of tho town council, Tho church woe tastefully decorated with floral and other adornments. The railing of the chancel bore the inscription Deo Graliits, worked in ivy leaves, and tho back wall of the chancol was similarly ornamented. Tito musical portion of tho ceremony was carried out in a most creditable manner, the solos and trios boing rendered with excellent taste and fooling. The ceremony, which was otherwise impres sive, was robbed of much of its effect by tho fact that tbc service was conducted strictly in Latin, and iu such low tones Hint even had it been in English, very few of tho audience would huvo hail tho slightest idea of what wa a going on. High Mass having been celebrated, tha bishop clout was led to tho altar, and aftor being sprinkled with holy water, tho ceremony was laving hands upon him was performed by Archbishop Goold. After ho was fc'ly ad mitted to the sacred office Bishop Mooro went down tho central aisle of tho church bestowing his blessing upon tho congregation as ho passed. He was preceded by Dr. Corbett, and accompanied by the Bishops of Adelaide and Hobart. Amongst tho members of the clergy present were Archbishop Goold, Melbourne ; Dr. Murray, Maitland ; Dr. Torregioni, Armidaio; Dr. Murphy, Hobart ; Dr. I.anigan, Qoul- burn, Now South Wales; Dr. Reynolds, Ado. lnido; tho Revs. Fathers Hogan, Inglewood ; Herbert, Mortlake; O'Donoghue, Portland; Marshall. Casterton; O'Hara. Pettavel | O'F Areil, Horsham; R, Meade, Ararat Bosnian, Si Arnaud ; Calber, Maryborough Dr. Davy, Boy, A. Sturgo, S.J.; Dr. Dnnne, chaplain to Dr. Lanigan ; Father Sullivan, chaplain to Dr. Roynolda; Dean Beechnor, chaplain to Dr. Murphy ; and Dr. Corbel Si Hilda. The Rev. T. Cahill, S. J., proaclied a sermon from John, tenth chapter 11th verse : "I am the Good Shepherd ; the Good Shepherd givoth his life for the sheep." Ho referred to the fitness and beauty of the figure of the Good Shepherd as impersonated by Christ, and showed the necessity for unceasing watchful ness and tender solicitude. There wore times in life when the image presented itsolf to the eye of the believer, who could see tho glance of God's watchful eye, and count the throbbings of a sacred heart, and this was such an occa- sioD. Did not his hearers believe and feel that Jesus Christ was there, and did it not seem to them that they heard the sound of the words uttered eighteen centuries ago in Gallilec, " Therefore teach all the world, and behold I am With you even to tho consummation of tho world," or that well known sentence uttered by the Redeemer, " On this rock I will build my ohurch, and the gales of hell shall not pre vail against it?" He who spoke these words was the real author and the invisiblo worker of that solemn ceremony which had just been witnessed. The archbishop and several bishops of the Roman Catbolio Church hnd imposed hands on a priest who kneeled before them, and said, in the words of St. Paul, " Receivo thou the Holy Ghost." What that solemn act and that solemn invocation intended was in trath effected. Tho Holy Ghost did coino down, enter into the sonl, and place upon it the indelible mark, which originally Jesus Christ placed upon the souls of tho Apostles. Upon the rising of him who knelt, those who had imposed bauds upon him welcomed him in the name of the Catholio epis copate, of which body he was from that hour a member. The imposition of hauls took place in the name of Jesus Christ, acting through His vicar, the successor of St. Peter, the Sovereign Pontiff Pope Leo 3LI1I. Jesus ChriBt had placed over tho people a man after His own heart, burning with zeal for his Master's work and the salva tion of souls. The Catholics of Ballarat, who had known Bishop Moore for so many years, Would rejoice tlmt ho was thenceforth to be their chief pastor. His post life and works wcro a sufficient testimony that he would worthily represent Jesus Christ, and be in the true sense of tho term a good shepherd. That day Bishop Moore had dedicated his life to his people, for by his connection lie was wedded to the Ballarat church by an indissoluble bond, and ho was prepared, if necessary, to give his life for his people in the literal mean ing of the words of Jesus Christ, " The good shepherd giveth his life for the sheep." Ho would not speak at greater length upon the qualities of the bishop, liHt would aik the con gregation to turn their attention to that venerable body who governed tiro - Roman Catholio Church — the mostveuerahlethatevor existed on the earth — and the knowledge of the position of the Catholic Church, its privileges, and its duties, must necessarily fill the minds of the people with deepest venera tion for those who had this episcopal charac ter cost upon them, The Catholic episcopate was of Divine origin, which was its first title to veneration ; and, secondly, it was appointed to guard tho deposit of faith received from Christ, and to maintain that unity of faith which was the glorious privilege of the Catholic Church, In the third place, the Catholic episcopate was worthy of veneration on account of the testimony which all a-cs Ibid given in its favor. Tho Catholic episco pate had throughout all ages promoted" true progress and civilisation, and the members of it hod elied lustre on their order, and had glorified God and His church by learning, by sanotity and by suffering. The episcopate never died ; it waR unlimited, both as to time and place, and the formation of the Catholic church and her constitution was the result of the direct action of God. The Redeemer said to the first Bishop, " As My Father hath sent Me, I also sond you," and it followed from this passago and others of similar import that the episcopal order was one of divine origin. The deposit of faith included all truths re vealed in Holy Scripture and tradition, and the bishops wore the guardians of these truths. The decisions of such a body as the ajcumenical Council were free from the possibility of error, because the . Holy Spirit was in that council, and the dccisiouB of snch a body wore to be received as coming from God Himself. All history in the tine sense gave its testimony in favor of ' the Episcopate — that was history which was the \- result of the profound study of learned men who devoted themselves to tho discovery of truth. In post sges, which were in a certain sense ages of blood, warfare was almost then the normal state, but it came to pass- that kings, princes, nobles and knights on certain days put aside their Bwonh and helmets, and enjoyed a truce— tlio truce of God, This cessation from hostilities was duo to the action of the Catholic episcopate, and they conld attribute to tlie same agency tho mercy which was found in warfare in onr own days, when it was not characterised by tho savage ferocity of the middle ages. The eplaoopato had received glory— lasting and eternal glory— from holy and learned men who belonged to the order; and if they turned their minds to ecclesiastical history they woald fiud that these great men, who were styled doctors of the church, belonged almost entirely to the order. These men wero raised up by the Holy Ghost to be the guardians of their holy conditions, singled out from the number of bishops on account of their learning, prepared bjy the Holy Ghost to be witnesses; and their witnesses of the present daywere tho works they had left behind them. Others of the epiaoopate order had sanctified the church by their sufferings, and tho. number of these martyrs was so great that like tho stars in the firmament, one conld not be distinguished from another. The preacher, in cobclnsion, turning to Bishop Moore, said:— "My Lord, in the name of yonr people I congratulate you on this sus picions day. When you look around you on yonr people, yonr clergy, the Sisters of Mercy, the Christian Brothers, the masters and mis tresses of schools throughout your dioceso; when you see the young grow up in piety, when yon see the old prepared for death, yon have reason to thank God for being elected to look after tho lives -and sonls of your people. Yon have a peoplo worthy of love, strong in the faith, who will obey yon, and ho subject toproa in Christ, knowing that you have to render to God an account of thofr souls. You have roason to bless God for tho work He has given to you, and throughout your life you will find consolation, praise and joy in performing that work. When St. Absolom and Thomas a'Beckctt ascended the throno of Canterbury, we may bo assured that tho spirit of the first archbishop, St. Angnstino, was there, and looked with complacency on their promotion; and even so we may believe that the first Bishop of Ballarat is hero in spirit to day, and that upon tho throno to which God has raised him for his zeal and good works in this world his heart is fillod with satisfaction, and that he looks forward to tho day when ho may meet his successor in that blessed kingdom. May that delay bo long delayed ; may you bo long kept here, to labor for tlio people of Ballarat. Merit that crown of glory which Jesus ChriBt, the just jndge, has laid by as well, for the faithful people as for the faithful pastor." .. Tiie ceremony then concluded, 