JUDITH SHAKSPEARS : HER LOVE AFFAIRS AND OTHER ADVENTURES- By WILLIAM BLACK, Author oE "Maulbod of Dahk," " Suandon Bells," " In Silk Atoms," Sc., &c.; Chapter "V.— In a Wooded Lane. riow it wouul 00 extremely uiuicult to say with what measure of faith or scepticism, of expectation or mere curiosity, she was now proceeding through theso meadows to the spot indicated to her by the wizard. Probably she conld not bavo told herself, for what was really uppermost in her mind was a kind of malicious desire to frighten lier timid Puritan friend with thu wildness of suoh an adventure. And then she was pretty safe. Ostensibly she was going to Shottery to pay a visit to lior grand mother ; to look at tho pansics, the wall flowers, the forgct-mo-nots in the littlo garden, and seo how the currants and raspberries wero Published byspoclal arrangements with tho autkCr All rights reserved getting on. Slid could hardly expect & ghost to rise from tho ground in broad daylight. And if any mere strangers happenod to be coming along tho lane leading in from tho . Bidford-road, Don Roderigo was a aufficient guardian. On the othor hand, if there was anything real and of verity in this witchcraft —which had sought her, and not she it — was it not possible that tho wizard might on ono pointhuve been mistaken? If her futtiro \- husband wero indeed to appear, would it not bo much more likely to bo Parson Blaiso or Tom Quiney, or young Jellyman, or one or other of them that she knew in everyday life ? But yet she said to herself — and there was no doubt about her absolute conviction ' and certainty on this point — that, oven if sho were to meet ono of thoBe coming in from Evesham, not all the magic and mystery and wizardry in tho world Would drive her to marry him but of her own free goodwill and choice. When she had passed through the meadows and got near tu the scattered cottages and barns and orchards of tho little h&iniet;, in stead of going forward to these she bore away io the left, and eventually found herself in a wide and wooded lane. She was less light of heart now ; sho wished the placo were not so still and lonely. It was a pretty lane this ; the ruddy groy road that wound between luxuriant hedges and tall elms was barred across by alternate sunlight and shadow, and every now and again she had glimpses of the rich and fertilo country lying around, with diBtant bills showing an outline serrated by trees along the palb, summer liko sky. But there was not a human being visible anywhere, nor a sound to be beard but the soft repeated noto of the cuckoo. Sho wished that there were some farm people near at hand, or a shep herd lad, or anybody. Sho spoko to itoderigo, and her voice souuded straugo — it sonuded as if Bhc wero afraid that someone was listen ing. Nay, she began, quite unreasonably, to-be angry with tho wizard. What business had ho to interfere with her affairs, and to drive her on to Buch foolish enterprises ? What right had ho to challenge her to show j that she was not afraid ? She was not afraid, she assured herself. She had as good a title to walk along this lane as any ono in War wickshire. Only she thought that as soon as she had. got as far as the cross at the meeting of the roads (this was all that had been , demanded of lier) she would go back to Strat- ford by the public highway rather than return by this solitary lauo, for on tho public high way there would be farm servants and l&den; wains and carriers, and such-like comfortable and companionable objeots. The next minute— she had almost reached the cross — her heart bounded with an tmreasouing tremor of fear ; sho had sud denly become aware that a stranger was entering the lane from the wide highway beyond. She had only ono glimpse of him, for instantly and resolutely sho beat her eyes on Don ltodergio, and was determined to keep them there until this person should bavo passed ; and yet that one lightuiug like glimpse had told her somewhat. The stranger was young, and of a distinguished bearing and presence. It certainly wasasingularand unusual thing that a geutlcman (as he seemed to be, al- thoguh bis travelling cloak concealod most of his attire) should be going afoot aud unattended. But her only concern was to let him paBS. Ghost or man as he might be, she kept her eyes on llodcrigo. And then, to her increased alarm, she found that the straugor was ap proaching her. j " I beseech your pardon, lady," said he, fn a most respectful voice, " but know yoa one in this town of the name of Master Shak- Bpeare ? She certainly was startled, and oven in wardly aghast ; but she had a brave will. She was determined that nothing would drive her either to scream or to run away. And indeed when she looked up and said, r&thor; breathlessly, " There bo several of the name, sir," she was quickly assured that this was no ghost at all, but a substantial and living and breathing young man, tall and dark, of a pleasant expression of face, though in truth there was nothing in those singularly black eyes of his but the most ordinary and matter- of-fact inquiry. "Ono Master William Shakspeare," said he, in answer to her, " that is widely known." "It is my father, sir, you speak of," said she, hastily, and, in fact, somewhat ashamed of her fright. At this news he removed his hat and made her a gracious obeisance, yet simply, and with not too elaborate a courtesy. "Since lam so fortunate, "said be, "may I beg you to direct roe bow I shall find the bouse when I get to the town ? 1 have a letter for him, as you xuay see." He took out a letter, and held it so that, if she liked, she might read the superscription — To my loving good /Head Master William Shakspeare ; J)elivcr these. Bat Judith merely glanced at the writing. " 'Tie from Master Ben Jonson — that you know of, doubtless, madam — commending me to yonr father But perhaps," he added, directing towards her a curious timid look of inquiry, " it were as well that I did nob do- i liver it ?! "How so, sir?" she asked. | " I am ono that is in misfortune," said he, simply; " nay, in peril." " Truly I am sorry for that, sir," said she, regarding him with frank eyes of sympathy, for- Indeed there was a kind of s&dnes; in his air, that otherwise was distinguished enough, ana even noble. And then she added : " But surely that is the greater reason you should seek my father," "If I dared, if I knew," he said, apparently to himself. And then he addressed her : " If I make so bold, BWeot lady, as to ask you if yoar father be of the ancient faith— or well disposed towards that, even if ho do not openly- profess it — I pray you set it down to my need and hard circumstances." She did not seem to understand. "I would nric if ho ho not at heart with the Catholic gentlemen that are looking for better times— for indeed I liave heard it stated of him." "Oh no, sir — surely not," Bnid Judith, in some alarm, for she knew quite enough about the penal laws against priests and recusants, and would not have her father associated in any way with these, especially as sho was talking with a stranger. "Nay, then, it were bettor I did not deliver the letter," said the young man, with just a touch of hopelessness in his tone, "tinder the protection of yonr father I might have had somowhat moro of liberty perchance ; but I am content to remain as I am until I can get j proofs that will convince them in authority j of my innocence ; or mayhap I may get away 1 from tho country altogether, and to my friends ; in Flanders. If they would but set my good friend Walter Raleigh free from tho Tower ' that also were well, for he and I might mako a homo for ourselves in another land, I crave your pardon for detaining you, madam, and so bid you farewell." Ho raised his hat and made her a most respectful obeisance, and was about to with draw. i " Stay, Bir," said she, scarcely knowing what sho said, but with trouble and anxiety in her gentle eyes. Indeed she was somewhat bewildered. So sudden bad been the shock of surprise that . she had forgotten, or very nearly forgotten, all about ghosts aud wizards, about po3siblo lovers or husbands, aud only knew that here, in actual j fact, was a stranger — and a mode3t young Btraugcr, too— that wa3 in great trouble, and ! yet was afraid to soek shelter and aid from her father. That ho had no reason to bo thus , afraid sho was certain enough ; and yet sho dared not assume — she had no reason for be- ! lieving — that her father was secretly inclined j to favor those that were still hoping for the ' ro- establishment of the Catholic faith. Tho j fact was that her father scarcely over spoke of such matters. He would listen, if he hap pened to be iu the house, to any theological discussion that might bo going on, > nd ho would regard this or that minister or preacher calmly, as if trying to understand the ; man und his opinions, but he would take no part iu the talk ; and when the discussion be came disputatious, as sometimes happened, and the combatants grew warm and took to making hot assertions, he would rise aud go out idly iuto the garden, and look at tho young apple trees or talk to Don- Roderigo. Indeed, at this precise moment, Judith was quite in capable of decidiug for herself which party ' her father would moit likely be iu sympathy with — tho Puritans, who were sore at heart because of the failure of the Hatnpton Court Conference, or the Catholics, who wore no Icbs bitter ou account of the severity of the penal laws — and a kind of vague wish arose in her heart that she could ask Prudcuco Shawe (who paid more attention to such matters, and was, in fact, wrapped up in them) before send ing this young man away with his letter of , commcnJatiou unopened, f " Your brother-in-law, madam, Dr. Hall," 1 said be, seeiog that she did not wish him to lcavo on the instant, "is well esteemed by the Catholic gentry, as I hear." Judith did not answer that; sho had been rapidly considering what she could do for one iu distress. | " By your leave, sir, I would not have you go away without making further inquiry," said she. "I will myself get to know liow my father is inclined, for indeed he never speaks of such matters to us ; and sure I am that, whatever be his opinion, no harm could como to you through seeking his friendship. That I am sure of. If you are in distress, that Is enough ; ho will not ask you whence you come ; nor has ho censure for any one ; and that is a marvel in one that is so good a man himself that he hath never a word of blame for any ono, neither for tho highwayman that wa3 taken red handed, Q3 it were, last Sunday near to Oxford — 1 Why,' saysrny father, "if ho take not life, and be a civil gentleman, I grudge him not a purse or two — nor for a lesser crimiual, my cousin Willie Hart, that' but yes- . terday let the Portuguese siugiug bird escapo | from its cage. Well, well, says my father, i 'so much the better, if only it can find food for itself. Indeed, you need fear naught but kindness and gentleness ; and sure I a in that j bo would be but ill pleased to know that one . coming from his friend Benjamin Jonson had been iu tho neighborhood and gone away with out having speech of him." " But tnis is no matter of courtesy, sweet lady/ said he. " It is of a more dangerous ca3tyand I must be wary. If, now, you were inclined to do as you any— to make some dis creet inquiry as to your good father's senti ments — " "Not from liiinaelf," said she, quickly, and with, some color mounting to her cheeks — " for he would but laugh at my speaking of such 1 things — :mt, from my gossip and. neighbor, I think, I could gain sufficient assurance that | would set your fears at rest.' | " And how should I como to know ?" he : said, with some hesitation — for this looked i much like asking for another meeting. But Judith was frank enough. If she meant to confer a kindness, she did not stay to be too scrupulous about tho manner of doing it. I " If it wore convenient that yoa could be here this evening,' said bIio, after a moment's thought, " Willie Hart and myself often walk I over to Sbottory after supper. Then could I let you know." " Buthow amltothankyoufor such a favor?" . said he. "Nay, it is but'little," she answered, "todo | for one that comes from my fathers frioud." I " Hare Ben, as they call him." said lie, more brightly. " And now I bethink me, kind ; lady, that it ill becomes me to havo spoken of nothing but my own poor affairs on my first | having tho honor of meeting with you. Per chance you would like to hear something of Master Jonson, and how lie does? May I accompany you on your homeward way for a space, if you are returning to the town 1 The road here is quiet enough for one that is in hid ing, as well as for pleasant walking ; and you are well escorted, too," he added, looking at the grave and indifferent Don. " With such a master as your father, and sach a swoet mistress, I should not wonder if he becamo as I famous as Sir John Harrington's Buugoy that | the Prince asked about. You havo not hoard of him? — the marvellous dog that Sir John would entrust with messages all the way to the > court at Greenwich, and he would bring back ! the answer without more ado. I wonder not that Prince Henry should have asked for au account of all his feats and doings;" Now insensibly sho had turned and begun to walk towards Sbottory (for sho would nob ask this unhappy young man to court the light of the open highway), and as ho respectfully accompanied her his talk becaiuo more and more cheerful, so that one would scarcely liavo remembered that ho was in hiding, and in peril of his life mayhap. And ho quickly found that sho was most interested in Jonson, as boing her father's friend aud intimate. " Indeed, I should not much marvol to hoar of his being soon in this very town of Strat ford," said he, "for ho has been talking of late, nay, ho has been talking this many a day of it, but who knows when the adventuro will take placo ? — of travelling all tho way to Scot, land on foot, and writing, an account of his discoveries on thn road. And then he has a mind to got to the lake of Lomond, to make it thescoueofa fisher and pastoral p'-ay, ho says ; and his friend Drummond will go with him ; and they epenk of getting still further to tho north, nun being the gnests of tho now Scotch lord, Mackenzio of ICintail, that was made a peer last winter. Nay, friend Ben, though at times ho gibes at the Scots, at other times ho will boast of his Scotch blood — for his grandfather, as I havo heard, came from Anuandale— aud you will often hear hiin say that whereas the late Queen was a niggard and close-fisted, this Scotch King is lavish and a generous patron. If ho go to Scotland, as is his purpose, surely he will come by way of Stratford." " It were ill done of him else," said Judith. Bat truly this young gentleman was so bent on entertaiuing her with talcs of his acquaintanco in London, aud with descriptions of tho court shows and pageants, that she had not to trouble herself much to joiu iu the conversation. " A lavish patron the King has been to him truly," ho continued, stooping to pat the Don's head, as if be would make friends with him. ! too, "what with the masks, and revels, and so forth. Their last tiltings at Prince Henry's barricrB exceeded everything that had gone before, as I think — and I marvel not that Ben was found at his best, seeing how the King had been instructing him. Nay, but it was a happy conceit to havo our young Lord of the Isles addressed by tho Lady of the Lake, and have King Arthur hand him his armor out of the clouds — " " But where was it, good sir?" said she (to show that sho was interested). And now ho seemed so cheerful and friendly that she ventnrod to steal a look at him. In truth, thero was nothing very doleful or tragic in his appearance. He was a hand somely made youug man, of about eight and twenty or so, with fine features, a somewhat pale and sallow complexion (that distinguished him markedly from the rustic red and white and sun brown she was familiar with), and eyes of a singular blackness and fire that wero exceedingly respectful, but that could, as any ono might see, easily break into mirth. He was well habited too, for now ho had partly thrown his travelling cloak aside, and his slashed doublotaud hose aud shoes, were smart, and clearly of a town fashion. Ho wore no sword ; in his belt thero wa3 only a small dagger, of Yeuctian silver work on tho liaudle, and with a sheath of stamped crimson velvet. " Dear lady, you must have heard of them," he continued, lightly—" I mcau of tho great doings in the banqueting houso at Whitehall, when Prince Henry challenged so many noble lords. 'Twos a brave sight, I aspire you ; the King and Queen were there, and the ambas sadors from Spain and Venice, and a great aud splendid assemblage. And then, . when Bun's speeches camo to be spoken, there was Cyril Davy, that is said to have the best woman's voice in London, as the Lady of the Lake, and he cauie forward aud said : LeBt any yol should doubt, or init>kt mislako What nymph I am, bjhold tho ample Inko Of which Pui stylod, and uoar it Merlin's tomb ; and then King Arthur appeared, and our youug Lord of the Isles had a magic shield handed to him. Oh, 'twas a noblu sight, I warrant you 1 And I hoard that the Duke of Lennox and the Earls of Arundel aud South ampton and all of them were but of one mind, that friend Ben bad never done better." Indeed, tho young man, as tlioy loitered along the pretty wooded lauo iu the hush of the warm still noon (there was scarce enough wind to make a rustle in the great branchiug elni3), and as ho talked of all manner of things for the entertainment of this charming com panion whom a happy chauce had thrown in his way, seomcd to be well acquainted with the court and its doings, and all the busy life oi London. If she gathered rightly, ho had himself boen present when the Kiug and the nobles wont in the December of the previous year to Deptford to witness the launching of the grt$t ship of the Ent India Company — the Trade's Eucreaae, it was called - for he described the magnificent bancjuet in tho chief cabin, and how the King gave to Sir Thomas Smith, the Governor, a fine chain of gold, with hU portrait set in a jewel, and how angry his Majesty became when they found that the ship could uot be launched on aocouut of the state of the tide. But when lie again brought iu the name of Jonson, and said how highly the King thought of his writings, and what his Majesty bad said of this or the other device or masque that had been com manded of bun, Judith grow at length to bo not so pleased ; and she said, with some as perity, "but the King holds my father in honor also, for ho wrote him a letter with his own hand." " I heard not of that," said he, but of course without nppoaring to doubt her word. " Nay, but I saw it," said bJio— 1 u I saw the letter; and I did not think it well that my father should give it to Julius Shawe, for there are some others that would have valued it as much as he — yes, and been more proud of it, too." " His own daughter, perchance ?" ho said gently. Judith did not speak. It was a sore subject with her ; indeed, she had cried in secret, and bitterly, when Bho learned that the letter had been casually given away, for her father seemed to put no great store by it. However, that had nothing to do with this unhappy young gentleman that was in hidiug. And soon she had dismissed it from her mind, and was en gaged in fixing the exact time at which, as she hoped, she would be able to bring him that assurance, or that caution, in tho evening. "I think it must be the provinoo of women to bo kind to the unfortunate, " said he, as they came in siuht of tho cottages ; and he seemed to linger and hcaitate in his walk, as if ho were afraid of going further. "It is but a small kindness," said she; "and I hope it will bring you and my father together. He has but just returned from Lon don, aud vou will not liavo much news to uive him from his friend ; but you will lie none the leas welcome, for all are welcome to him, but ospcoiaily those whom he can aid." ' If I were to judge of tho father by tho daughter, I should indoed expect a friendly treatment," said he, with much courtesy. " Nay, but it is so simple a matter," said she. " Then fare you well, Mistress Judith," Baid he, " if I may make so bold as to guess at a name that I havo heard named in London." " Oh, no, sir ?" said she, glauciug up with some inquiry. "But indeed, indoed," said lie, gallantly. M And who can wouder ? 'Twas friend Ben that I board speak of you ; I marvel not that ho carried your praises so far. But now, swcot lady, that I see you would go — and I wish not to venture nearer the village thero — may I beseech of you at parting a furthor grace and favor ? It is that yoii would not rovea! to any one, no matter what trust you may put in them, that you havo seen mo or spoken with me. You know not my namo, it Is true, though I would willingly confide it to you, — indeed, it is Leofric Hope, madam ; but if it were merely known that you had mot with a stranger, curious eyes might bo on the alert." " Fear not, sir," said she, looking at him in hor frank way — and thero was a kind of friend liness, too, and sympathy in her rogard. " Your secret is surely safe in my keeping. I can promiso you that none shall kuow through me that you are in tho neighborhood. Faro- well, good sir. I hope your fortunes will mend, spcodily," "God keep you, sweet Mistress Judith," said ho, raising his hut and bowing low, and not even asking to bo allowed to take hor hand. " If my ill fortune should cany it so that I see you not&gaiu;, at least I will treasure in my memory a vision of kindness and beauty that I trust will remain for ever there. Fare well, gentle lady ; I am your debtor." And so they parted ; and he stood looking after her and the great dog as tbey passed through the meadows ; and she was making all the haste sho might, for although, when Judith's father was at homo, the dinner hour was at twelve instead of at eleven, still it would take her all the time to be punctual, aud she was scrupulous not to offend. Ho stood looking after hor as long as sho was in sight, and then ho turned away, saying to himself : " Why, our Ben did not tell us a titbo of the .truth ! — for why? — because it was with his tongue, and not with his pen, that ho desoribed her. By heaven, she is a marvel ! —and I dare bo sworn, now, that half the clowns in Stratford imagine themselves in love with her," 