THE STORY-TELLER. MR. HEAPHY'S GHOST. f Concluded,) Soon after the incident narrated above theartietfound himBelf acoidentallycompelled to pass a night at Litchfield, the train whieh broueht him there havins arrived just too late to enable him to catch another one which started from the other end of the town for hie destination. Mr. Heaphy will now finish the story in his own words. This was the first time I had been in litchfield, and while waiting for the tea it occurred to me how, on two occasions within the past six months, I had been on the point of coming to that very place, at one time to execute a small commission for an old acquaintance, resident there, and another to get the materials for a picture I proposed. eainting of an incident in the early life of ir. Johnson. I should have come on each of these occasions had not other arrange ments diverted my purpose and caused me to postpone the journey indefinitely. The thought, however, would occur to me—"How strange I Here am 1 in Litchfield, by no in tention of my own, though I have twice tried to get here and been balked." When I had done tea I thought I might as well write to an acquaintance I had known some years previously and who lived in the Cathedral close, asking him to come and pass an hour or two with me. Accordingly I rang for the. waitress, and-asked— " Does Mr. Lute live in Litchfield ?" "Yes, sir?" " Cathedral-close ?" " Yes, sir." " Can I send a note to him ?" "Yes, sir." I wrote the note saying where I was, and asking if he would come for an hour or two and talk over old matters. The note was taken; in about twenty minutes a person of gentlemanly appearance, and what might be termed the advanced middle age, entered the room with the note in his hand, saying that I had sent him a letter, he presumed by mistake, as he did not know my name. Seeing inBtantly that he was not the person I intended to write to, I apologized, and asked whether there was not another Mr. Lute living in Litchfield. " No, there was hone other." "Certainly," I'rejoined, "my friend must, have given me hiB right address, for I had written to him on other occasions here. He was a fair young man; he succeeded toan eBtate in consequence of his uncle having been killed while hunting with the Quorn. houndB, and he married about two years since a lady of the name of Fairbarn." The stranger very composedly replied— " You are speaking of Mr. Clyne: he did-. live in the Cathedral-close, but he has now gone away." The stranger was right, and in my surprise I exclaimed— " Oh, dear 1 to be sure, that is the name ; what could have made me address you in stead ? I really beg your pardon; my writing to you and unconsciously guessing your name is one of the most extraordinary and unaccountable things £ ever did. Pray par don me." He continued very quietly— " There is no need of apology; it happens that yon are the very jierson I most wished to see. You are a painter, and I want you. to paint a portrait of my daughter. Can you ccrne to my house immediately for the pur pose?" I was rather surprised at finding myself known to him, and the turn matters had taken was so entirely unexpected I did not* at the moment feel inclined to undertake the business. I therefore explained how I was situated, stating that I nad only the next day and Monday at my disposal. He, how ever, pressed me so earnestly that I arranged to do what I could for him in those twodays ; and having put up my baggage and arranged other matters I accompanied him to nis house. During the walk home he scarcely spoke a word, but his taciturnity seemed* only a continuance of his quiet composure at the inn. On our arrival ne introduced me to his daughter Maria and then left the room. Maria Lute was a fair and decidedly handsome girl of about fifteen; her manner was, however, in advance of her years, and' evinced that self-possession and, in the favourable sense of the term, that woman liness that is only seen at such an early &2e in girls that have been left motherlesB or from other causes thrown much on their own resources. She had evidently not been informed of the purpose of my coming, and only knew that I was to stay there for the night; she therefore excused herself for a few moments that she might give the requisite directions to the servants as to the preparing my room, When she returned she told me that I should not see her father again that evening, the state of his health having obliged him to retire for the night; but Bhe hoped I should be able to see him some time on the morrow. In the meantime, she hoped I would make myself quite at home, and call for anything I wanted. She herself was sitting in the drawing-room,, but perhaps I should like to smoke and take something; if so, there was a fire in the housekeeper's room, and she would come and sit with me, as she expected the medical at tendant every minute, and he would probably stay to smoke and take something. As the little lady seemed to recommend this course I readily complied. 1 did not smoke or take anything, but Bat down by the fire, when she immediately joined me. She conversed well and readily, and with a command of language singular in a person so young. Withoutbeing, disagreeably inquisitive, or patting any ques tion to me, she seemed deBirous of learning the business that bad brought me to the bouse. I told her that her father wished me to paint either her portrait or that of a sister of hers, if Bhe had one. She remained silent and thoughtful for a moment, and then seemed to comprehend it at once. She told me that a sister of hers, an only one, to whom her father was devotedly attached, died near four months previously; that her father had never yet recovered from* the shock of her death. He had often ex pressed the most earnest wish for a portrait of her; indeed, it wag his one thought; and she hoped, if something of the kind could be done, it would improve his health. Here she hesitated, stammered, and burst into- . tears. After a while she continued—"It la no use hiding from you what yon must very soon he aware of. Papa is insane—he hajs been so ever since dear Caroline was bailed. He says he iB always Beeing dear Caroline, . and he is subject to fearful delusions. The doctor says he cannot tell how much worse he may be, and that everything dangerous, like knives or razors, is to be kept cut of his reach. It was -necessary you should not see him again this evening, as he was unable to converse properly, and I fear the same may be the case to-morrow: but perhaps yon can stay over Sunday, and I may be able to assist you in doing what jie wishes.'T^k^Sheifit'f - they baa any materials for making alikeness —a photograph, a sketch of anything else for me to go from. "No, they had nothing." "Could she describe her clearly?" Sac thought she could, and there was a print that wsb very much like her, but she had mislaid it. I mentioned that with such disad vantages and in snch an absence of materials I did not anticipate a very satisfactory result. 1 had painted portraits under such circumstances, but their success much depended upon the powers of description of the persons who were to assist me by their recollection; in some instances I had attained a certain amount of success, hut in most the result was quite a failure. The medical attendant came, but I did not see him. I learned, however, that he ordered a strict watch to be kept on his patient till he came again the next morning. Seeing the state of things, and how much the little lady had to attend to, I retired early to bed. The next morning I heard that her lather was decidedly better; he had enquired earnestly, on waking, whether I was really in the house, and at breakfast time he sent down to say that he hoped nothing would prevent my making an attempt at the portrait immediately, and he expected to be able to see me in the course of the day. Directly after breakfast I set to work, aided by Buck description as the sister ooold give me. I tried again and again, but withont.1 success, or, indeed," the least prospect of it. The features, I was told, were separately like, bnt the expression was not. I toiled on the greater part of the day, with no better result. The different studies T made were taken up to the invalid, but the same answer was always returned—no resemblance. I had exerted myself to the utmost, and, in fact, was not a little fatigued by so doing—a circumstance that the little lady evidently, noticed, as she expressed heiseif most grateful for the interest she could see I took m the matter, and referred the unsuccessful resnlt entirely to her want of powers of de scription. She also said it was bo provoking 1 Bhe had a print—a portrait of a lady, that was so like hut it had gone—she had missed it from her book for three weeks past. It was the more disappointing, as she was sore it would have been of great assistance. I asked her if she could tell me who the print was of, as if I knew I could easily procure one in London. She answered Lady M. A. Immediately the name was uttered the whole scene of the lady of the railway carriage presented itself tome. I had my sketch-book in my portmanteau up stairs, and, by a fortunate cnance, fixed in ft was the print in question, with the two pencil j sketches. I instantly brought them down and showed them to Maria Lute. She looked at them for a moment, turned her eyes full noon me, and said slowly and with something of fear in her manner, ' Where did you get these?" Then quicker, and without waiting for my answer, ' Let me take them instantly to papa." She was away ten minutes or more: when she returned her father came with her. He did not wait for salutations, but said, in a tone and manner I had not j observed in him before, " I was right all the time; it was you that I saw with her, and these sketches are from her and from no one else. I value them more than all my posses sions, except this dear child." The daughter alBO assured me that the print I had brought to the house must be the one taken from the book about three weeks before, in proof of which she pointed out to me the gum marks at the back, which exactly corresponded with those left on the blank leaf. From the mo ment the father saw these sketches his mental health returned. I was not allowed to touch either of the pencil drawings in the sketch-book, as it was feared I might injure them, but an oil picture from them was commenced immediately, the father sitting by me hour after hour direct ing my touches, conversing rationally, and indeed cheerfully, while he did so. He avoided direct reference to his delusions, but from time to time led the conversation to the manner in which I had originally obtained the sketches. The doctor came in tne evening, and, after extolling the particular treatment he had adopted, pronounced his patient decidedly, and he believed permanently, im proved. The next day being Sunday we all went to J Church; the father for the first time since his bereavement. During a walk which he took with me after luncheon he again ap proached the subject of the sketches, and, after some seeming hesitation as to whether he Bhould confide in me or not, he said— "Your writing to me by name from the inn at Litchfield was one of those inexplicable circumstances that I suppose it is impossible ; to clear up. I knew you. however, directly I saw yon; when those about me considered my intellect was disordered, and that I spoke incoherently, it was only because I saw things that they did not. Since her death I know with a certainty, that nothing will ever disturb, that at different timeB I have been in the actual and visible presence of my daughter that is gone—oftener, indeed, just after her death tnan latterly. Of the many timeB that this lias occurred I distinctly remember once seeing her in a_ railway carriage speaking to a person sitting oppo site ; who that person was I could not ascer tain, as my position seemed to be immediately behind him, I next saw her at a dinner table, with others, unquestionably, I saw yourself. I afterwards learned that at that time I was considered to be in one of my longest and most violent paroxysms, as I continued to see her speaking to you, in the midst of a large assembly, for some hours. Again I saw her standing by your side, while' you were engaged either in writing or draw ing. I saw her onoe afterwards, but the next time I saw yourself was in the inn parlour." The picture proceeded with the next day, and on the day after the face was completed, and afterwards 1 brought it with me to Lon don to finish. I have often seen Mr. L. since that period; his health is perfectly re- established, and his manner and conversation are as cheerful as can be expected within a few years of so great a bereavement. The portrait now hangs in his bedroom, with the print and the two BketcheB by the side, and written beneath is"G. L., 18th September, 1858, aged twenty- two." 