DREAMS AND THEIR FULFIL MENT. A h reach writer says 'hat to dream well we must act well while we are awake, and to bring beings of celestial origin to converse with us in our sleep we must struggle in the cause „of virtue during the day. The dream of Canar's wife when the Ides of March had come, as re ated by Pfu.arch, is full of interes-.. Ore >ar wa3 much disturbed by the groans she u.tered iu her sleep, and awoke her. bhe then told him that she had dreamed of holding him murdered iu her arms. On the following day, so deeply was the dreaming impressed upon her mind and so g eat the terror it inspired, that she implored kiui to remain at home that day aud adjourn he meetiug of the Senate. He was siar led, aud kuowmg her to be a woman <>£ fearless mind, aud, in nowise super- ii iti ius, he offered sacrifices and con- ultei t.,e .'is: n lingers, by whom he was atlvi-o-.l to iuij'>urii tile ienate. But.llP was per.-mndi.-ii to do otherwise by one of die cou-pir.itors against, his life, who laughed at the dream, and urged Csesar no. to offend the Senaie just wbon they were about to crown his ambitious desires. Oxesar listened to the treache rous voice aud wen. to meet his death. A geutiemau relates the following : — " One evening some two years since, my brother, au officer in the army, surprised me with, a .late visit, just as mv famiiy was retiring to rest. Brother, " exclaimed he, in an exci ed manner, mother is dead !' ' When aud how did you hear it ?' I replied, as she w.is living at some distance from the town where we were, and was, so far as we knew, in good health. ' I have seen her pass me twice this evening in my room, while I was in bed, with her head ba.-.daged up, and I cjuid not rest un il 1 saw you,' was his answer. In conse- qnence of his en reaties and couvieiion, it was determined to take the first train to the locality where our mo her resided, and upon our arrival we found, to our great surprise, that she died '.he evening before, quite suddenly, at the exact hour my brother dreamed he saw her apparition." Lord Bacon records adream he had, in which he saw - his father's . house in the country plastered all over with black mortar, and he had no doub on 'awakening that he would hear evil tidings. His father died ou the very night on which he dreamed. Franklin had several of his projects decided for him by dreams. Goethe says in bis memoirs :/ " The objeets which had occupied my mind during the often re- appeared at night in connected dreams. " The celebrated dream of Thomas Lord Lyttleton, in which lie dreamed a bird flew into the room where he slept, and whi'e he looked at it it changed into the form of a female whom he had wronged, who told him to prepare for another woi-id, as in three days he would die. He was well then, and laughingly said he did not look like a man so near death, and that he in tended to " bilk the ghost." Some hours after saying this he went witli Mr. Forlesciie and Captain Wolsey io Pitc Place, Epscrn, ate for supper au egg, went cheerfully to bed, and suddenly expired in a fia iu the presence of his servant. — " Celtic Magazine.', 