TEMUhA J- R ACE MEETING ?. The annual meeting of the Temora Jockey Club, as usual, has been appointed for the first week of the present month; but it is a very open question whether, in the face of the diminished attendance on this occa ioa, the authorities of the club would not act wisely if they were to reconsider tho ques tion with a view of selecting another time ». .* ? -r .1. lji _ ? \ ? tor r.m-ir rucen. m inn ohumi rimes, wucii the prospects and progress of the town solely rested on the one industry of mining, it was perhaps immaterial what days were fixed for holding tho meetings, 'so long as they did not diieetly clash with the appointments of other and older clubs, as the season of the yeiir has no weight with the average miner in the selection of a holiday, and he can continently enjoy a couple of days' respite from his work wilhout conscientious scruples on 'the subject of duty to himself or to his family at any time, always supposing he has the neci:ssary wherewithal. But the times have altered'; and, while the mining interest, unfortunately but obviously, is receding in importance, as shown in the diminisled number or followers of that pursuit, the farming element is asserting itself more and more in the district, especially in the immediate surroundings of the town, aud is assuming 'proportions to justify the prognostication ,thu,t eventually it must become the mainstay of tho community. Now, unfortunately for the necessary cordial co-relations between tho prosperity and popularity of the Temora Jockey Club, and the interests of tho important, classes of the residents of the district, the date for tho meeting of the latter hitherto adopted falls exactly into a period of tho year when the farmer is at his buisest, and when a holiday ov two may materially iujure his interest. It will hardly'- be necessary to euhtrge a riy further on this subject, as to practical men it will be obvious that the hint conveyed is well meant, and to the point;,. and as Easter Mondaj' or Boxing. Day are already generally recognised holidays, and as thejr possess the further advantage of not. lnter tering witn otlier meetings or or tailing in a time of th' year when the farmers are very busy, it might prove to the mutual advantage of all concerned if the choice of the Temora Jockey Club could be fixed upon either of these day*. Lest the present writer, however, be charged with a desire of teaching his grand mother how to suck eggs, he had better return to the subject in hand of describing what he saw at the meeting just held under the auspices of the club on Thursday and Friday of the present week. As of old, the invitation of the club had met with a ready response from the public as regards sub scriptions received towards its fuuds. and it therefore found itself in a position to increase the attractions of its meetings by augment ing the prizes offered for the two chief events, as well as by offering au event — the Ladies' Bracelet — which, to judge from the experience of other clubs, promised to be very popular, though after events proved that the difficulty of complying with one of the conditions of the prize, viz., to find amateur riders, militated against filling the entiy. With this sole exception, however, the number and stamp of horses entered should fully satisfy the aspirations of the club, whose officers, and especially the hard working Mr. 0. G. Gibson, deserve every encomium for their efforts to popularise the meeting aud carrying it to a successful issue. One of the greatest difficulties the com mittee had to contend with was that of ob taining a ' c'rect card' of the races, as the last printing press had left the town since the preceding year's meeting, and frequenters of race-meetings will unders and that the make shift substituted on tho first day by the committee for this iudispensable adjunct to wards the enjoyment of the races necessarily proved anvthiug but satisfactory. Thanks, probably, to tho unprecedented fierceness of a dust-storm which raged throughout Wednesday, the number of visitors to the town was but meagre up to an advanced hour on Thursday, excepting, of course, the indispensable contingent of bet ting men, black-legs, and thieves that form the camp-followers of all meetings, and who on this occasion seemed to be inclined to devour each other in default of victims from the ranks of the general public. . The following is a record of the racing: — Thursday. Maiden Plate— All Gold 1, Temora 2, Only the two started, and it was won by a quarter of a mile. Town Plate, mile— Spaniard, oyrs, 8st 2tfo, 1 ; Student, aged, 7st, 2 ; Pelham, 4yrs, 6st 12tb, 3. It wag a splendid race, aud was won by a length. Hales rode student. Prince of Wales Stakes — Victoria 1, Jokes 2, Ghost 3. Members' Plate— Winduck 1, Letitia 2, Little John 3. A protest was entered against Winduck. ? Hack Race — Ada I, L'552 io %. Friday. [We waited till 7 o'clock for the balance of our report from our special reporter, but no message came. We heard that All Gold won the Flying Handicap to-day , Jokes the Selling Race; and Miss Wye the Jookey Club Handicap of 100 sovs.] Temora. — The foundation-stone of a new Wesleyan Cburph was laid at Temora on Weduosday ; and a bajaaar in aid of the Catholic Church was opened the same day. New Guinear.8 like the flavour of human flesh better than that of pig. The delicate parts are reserved for the cbiofs, Mr. Leonard II. Courtony, M V-, Financial S- p'vfury to the Treasury in Mr. Gladstone's Govi rnmont, has resigned office, owing to the piiwiple representation of minorities not hoiug fully recognised in the Redistribution Bill. 