THE NOVELIST. THE TALK OF THE TOWN. By James Payn, Author of " By Proxy," &c.;, &c.; CHAPTER I. AUNT MARGARET. When I was a very yonng man nothing used to surprise me more than the existence of a very old one — one of those patriarchs who, instead of linking the generations " each with each," include two or three in their protracted span, a habit which runs in families, as in the case of the old gentleman of our own time, whose grandsire (once or twice " removed, it is true, but not nearly so often as " by rights" he should have been) gathered the arrows upon Flodden Field. Such persons seemed to me little inferior in interest to ghosts (whom indeed in appear ance they greatly resembled), and 1 was wont to listen to their experiences of the past with the same rapt attention (unalloyed by the alarm) that I should have paid to a denizen of another world. There are, it seems to me, very few old persons about now, absolutely.none (there used to be plenty) three or four times my age; and this, perhaps, renders the memory (for she did die at last) of my great-aunt Margaret a thing so rare and precious to me. She was born, as we, her young relatives, were wont to say, " ages and ages ago," but as a matter of fact just one age ago; that is to say, if she had been alive but a few years back she would have been exactly one hundred years old. Think of it, my young friends who are about to be so good, in your turn, as to give her story your attention— think of it having been possible that you yourselves should have met this very per sonage in the flesh (though the poor dear had but little of it)—you perhans, in your goat carriage, upon the King's Parade, Brighton, and she in her wheeled chair, the two ex tremities (on wheels) of human life. To things you have read of as histoiy, matters as dead and gone to you, if not quite so old, as the Peloponnesian war, she was a living witness. She was alive, for example, though not of an age to." take notice" of the circum stances, when the independence of America was acknowledged by the mother country, and when England was beginning to solace herBelf for that disrimtion by the acquisition of India. If Aunt Margaret did not know as much about Hyder Ali as became a contem porary, with matters nearer home, such as the loss of the Royal George, "with all her crew (or nearly so) complete," she was very conversant. I saw it, she was used to say, " with my own eyes," and it was only by the strictest cross - examination that you could pet her to confess that she was but a child in arms when that catastrophe took place. As to politics, indeed, though we were at war with everybody in those times, the absence of special correspondents, tele graphs, and even newspapers, made public matters of much more limited interest than it is nowadays easy to imagine. Aunt Margaret, at all events, cared almost nothing about them, with the exception of the doings of the Press Gang—an institution of which she always spoke with the liveliest horror. On some one, however, chancing to say in her hearing (and by way of corroboration of her views) that it was marvellous how men who had been so infamously treated should have been got tojfight under the national flag, she let fly at him like the broadside of a seventy-gun frigate, and gave him to under stand that the sailors of those days had never had their equals. On that, as on all other subjects, she exercised the right of criticism upon the institutions of her time to an unlimited extent, but if they were attacked by others she became their defender. Her chief concern, however, was with social matters, when speaking of which she seemed entirely to forget the age in which she was living; it was though some ances tress, in hoop and farthingale, had stepped down from her picture and read us a page of the diary she had written overnight. She seemed hardly like one of ourselves at all, though it w&b; obvious enough that she was of the female gender, from the prominence she gave to the topic of costumes. She confessed that she preferred the hair " undressed"—a Ehrase which misled her more youthful earers, who imagined her to be praising a dis solute luxuriance of love-locks, which was very far from her intention ; on the other hand, she lamented the disuse of black satin breeches, which she ascribed to the general decay of limb among the male sex. There was nothing like your topboots and hessians, she would say, for morning wear, but iD the evening every man that baa a leg was, in bur opinion, bound to show it. I have reason to believe that my Aunt Margaret was the last person who ever journeyed from Londcn to Brighton in a post-chaise—a mode of travel, she was wont to remark, justly eulogized by the wisest and best of men and Londoners. If he had been spared to see a railway locomotive, she ex pressed herself as confident that he would have considered it the direct offspring of the Devil; and that conjectural opinion of the great Lexiographer she herself snared to her dying day. Like him, she was a Londoner, and took an immense interest, not municipal of course, but social, in the affairs of the great city. _ "My dear," she often used to say reprovingly when speaking of some event of which I was obliged to confess 1 had never so much as heard, " it was the topic of every tongue." Although she had never been the theme of London gossip herself, she had been very closely connected with one who had been; and to those who were intimate with her he was the constant subject of her discourse. Her thoughts dwelt more with him, I am sure, than with all the other personages together with whom she bad been acquainted during her earthly pilgrimage ; and yet she always thought of him in his adolescence as a veiy young man. " He waB just your age, my dear," she was wont to say to me, "when he became the " talk of the town.'" Perhaps this circumstance gave him an additional interest in my eyes ; but certainly her account of this one famous personage was more interesting to me than everything else which Aunt Margaret had to tell me. It has dwelt in my mind for many a year, and when this is the case with any story I have generally found that I have been able to in terest others in itB recital. In this particular case, however, my way is not bo plain as usual. The story is not my story, nor even Aunt Margaret's; in itB more important de tails it is common property On the other hand, not even the oldest inhabitant has any remembrance of it. The hearts that were once wounded to the qnick by the occur rences which I am about to describe can be no more pained by any allusion to them; they have long been dust. No relative, to my knowledge, is now living of the nnfortanato young man whose memory—execrated by the crowd—was kept so green andjfresh (watered by ber tears) by one living soul for nearly eighty years. Why should I not tell his ' pitiful story ?" A second question, however, presents itself tat the outset concerning him. Shall I rive or conceal hiB name ? I here frankly confess that in its broad details the tale has so novelty to recommend it; it is not only true, but it has been told. The bald, bare fasts have been put before the public by the south himself nearly a hundred years since. There is the rub. To a few persons of culture—as the phrase goes nowadays—the main incident of his < is career will be familiar, though, how ever cultured, it is unlikely they "will know how it affected my great-aunt Margaret; but to tens of thousands (including, I'll be bound, the upper ten) it will be utterly unknown. Now I have noticed that there is nothing your well-informed person so much delights in as to make other people aware of his hieing ' so. Indeed the chief use of information in his eyes is not sd much to raise oneself above ' the crowd (though a sense of elevation is ' agreeable) as to nave the privilege of im parting it to others with a noble air of supe riority and self-importance. I will therefore call my hero with such a name as will at once be recognised by the learned, whom I shall thus render my intermediaries—expo nents of the transparent secret to those who are in blissful ignorance of it. I will call him William Henry Erin. I muBt add in justice to myself that the story was not tela me in confidence. How could it be so when at the very be ginning of our intimacy the narrator had already almost reached the extreme limit of human life, While 1 had but just 'left school? It was the similarity of age on my part with that of the person she had in her mmd which no doubt, in part at least, caused herle make me the repository of her long-buried sorrow. She judged, and rightly judged, that for that reason 1 waB more likely to sympathize with it. Indeed, whenever she spoke of it, I forgot her age; as in the case of the pictured grandmamma so felicitously described by Mr. Locker, I used to think of her at suoh times— As she looked at seventeen As a bride. Her rounded form was lean, And her silk was bombazine, Well I wot. With her needles she would sit, And for hours.would she knit, Would she not? Ah, perishable clay I Her charms bad dropped away, One he one. Yet when she spoke of the -lover of her youth there seemed nothing incongruous in her so doing. I forgot the Long Ago in which her tale was placed j her talk, indeed, on those occasions being -of those human feelings which are independent of any epooh, took little or no colour -from the past—it seemed to me a story of to- day, and as such I now relate it. 