'WESLEYAN METHODIST" CONFERENCE ~_ I Tbo eleventh session of the New South Wales and Queensland Conference ot tbo Wenloian Methodist Church was commenced in the York-street Church last evening under the pt estdenoy of the Rev. William Moore, retiring President. There wai a very large attendance of tedies and gentlemen, and the roll boing called tho following ministers were found to be present : - Revs. W. Mooro (retiring President), Jumes Walkin, S. Wilkinson, G. Hurst, J B. Waterhouse, J. H. Fletiher. W. J. Davis, J. Somerville, John Bowes, W. Clarke, W. Hill, W. Keljnaok, D.D., linne Mack, J. W, Dowfon, R. W. Orton, G. Woolnough, M.A., G. Martin, W. G. R. Stephenson, R. Caldwell, G. Brown, F. Firth, J. A. Nolan, F. Tait, J. Clifton, C. Olden, J. Phillips, W. H. T. Pincombe, R. Sellors, W. E. Bourne, W. H. George, J. E. Moulton, C. Stead, L. Fison, M.A., J. Gardiner, G. Lane, W. T. Rabone, M. H. Parkinson, A. Parsons, K. A. Corner, J. Hopkins, W. C. Hughes, A. Swift, J. WalUden Brown, R, Johnston, J. E. Carruthers, C. Jones, J. W. Moore, J. F. Orr, W. G. Taylor, W. H. Biais, Thomas Moore, Jumes Woolnough, H. Youngman, R. Dyson, W. Glapeon. B. J. Mock, G. R. Glasson, R. E. Bellbtmse, P. Clipsham, C. J. M'Coy, W. H. Rogers, W. W. Rutledge, H. Allen, J. G. M. Taylor, G. Thompson, Joseph Bowes, J. G. Martin, J. C. Warner, F. J. Curwood, G. 0. Cocks, A. Douglas, F.. E Fletcher, M.A., A. Hutchison, II. Jones. F. C. Boyer, S. J. Gibson, J. Hulme, W. H. Harrison, B. Lane, W. II. B. Sylvester, J. Tarn, C. E. Butler. Fred. Colwell, C. J. Prescott, B.A., Geo. Cowies. W. H. Hall, B.A., W. Henry, C. J. Duffll, J. Calvert, T. Parker, W. M'Callnm, T. B. Holmes, E. Crosby. The meeting having bepn opened with devotional exer- cices, lhe retiring Prksidsnt said : It now becomes my duty to deliver a short uddress before I leave the chair. It has been said that the strength of a chum is its weakest part ; and so fur as 1 mu concerned to-night my voice will be my Moak part. And, consultingyour comfort u» well as my own, 1 have thought it bebt to wiiteout moHt, at any rate, of what I wish to suy. I thoroforo commence by addressing myself to my futberB and brethren, and to you Cnristian friends. A 3'ear ago you wera pleased 11 give some expression of satisfaction at my election to the chair of this Conference. (Hoir, hear.) 1 waa taken somewhat by surprise, because 1 had bsirun to feel that my time hud passed for that active mid tinpottnnt work generally expected from tho President of our Conference. I entered upon the duties with some fear and trembling, and I also promised not to put on the '. Lion's »km "-(hear, hoar,'and laughter)-but to use my well-tried "sling and pebbles," which hud served me fairly well during my ministerial life-(hear, hoar)-and 1 only asked from my predecessors in this chair any sacred mando they might have to hand on. The ex-Presidents havo exceeded my highest expectations. - (Hear, hear.) I am hore to-night to give a little account of my stewardship-rather, to give up my steward- ship, and make way for the coming President. 1 muy here say, for the comfort of somo coming president, that as I know more of men I find that I am very much Uko other rani, that I have a little ambition, and that this little may lead us into difficulties, because we cannot reach the height of our ambition jnst quite as quickly as wo wish. .SomeKind-hearted philosopher has said that, "Wo eau have our highest wishes if we have but patienco to wait (or them." Murk you, this is like mast of pur " quack medicines "-all will depend on " following tfio directions." (Luughtor.) Like a fiery steed, ambition is a noble thing if weean but keep it well in hand. Early .impressions are wonderful things. My old nurse leading me through this York-street CO yeat s ago used to teach me to wish when I saw a star falling, fdu it still. I used to wish tobo a parson, then an archdeacon, but beforo we had a bishop in thjs colony Igot wiser, and used to wish to be a Methodist minister (applause)-or a missionary, and since we have had a con ! terence I have wished to be a president. (Renewed applause) But while I am speaking so freely of my wishes j 1 daie not tell you of ull the things I used to wish for, nor how ! many things I have wished for that 1 have never receive!. However, I have one other wish-1 might say two-aud one is that I may ultimately reaoh yon heaven. And my highest wish for this Churoh is prosperity thrnughout the whole Methodist pespls. (Grout applause.) I have now, from the bottom of my heart, to thank my fathers and biothren for their sympathy and ready nnd valuable help during the ' year, which has been one of some difficulty. I have always had confidence ¡u my brethren, and regard them as a body of men th-i most independent in thought, as well as honest and generous with eacD other, and while true in sympathy to each, other, they are at the same time true to God and his Church. There is no brotherhood that I know of more true than the Methodist ministry. Our jealousy for our well-tried usage and doctrines may bo misundorstood for want of sympathy and charity; und at times we ero chnrgod with bigotry and narrowness uf mind. But we Uo not care to purchase popular opinion at the expense of our principles, nor to give up well tried CtiuTch arrangements for some new fad, and wo must bo pardoned if we repaid sacredly the purity and the consistency of our ministry. Wo do not caro to have a creed no broad as to embrace all shades of teaching from deism to univcrsilism. Wo know how to pity the darkest heathenism, and sympathise with nil who are in error, aB well as to wish all lovers of Chiist God speed ; but we havo a Churrh polity and a Btandurd of teaching which is neither utilitarian nor lafitudinarian. In thase dayB of boasted liberty it may be thought old- faehioned to have a ministry bo bound by laws as ours : but we trust the day will nover come when the Methodist pulpit will giye an "uncertain sound." (Applause.) The old ring of a free, full, and a present salvation, which gave us birth-(cheers)-must never die out ; and the soul-converting pawer must still atfena our miais try. We can. have no motive for a narrow faith, as regards the salvat.un of men-all men ; but it i¡> a faith clear and distinct ; end although at times it may cost us a little ro j.roach and a little somelbiog like persecution, yet " none of the»e things move us," for it is because wc do believe (bat wo therefore tench, 'lhe experience of another year teaches na that a well- defined polity anda settled system of theology is a great secuti'y to the peace andptltity of a Church, anil tl.a- waite alargo miuihtry like ours cannot but be eubject to a little.chafing, jet charity and honesty may ba so h'end d as to lind tome way of mutual seulement, if not mutual agreement-at least we may agree to differ. Wo cmnot alter our standards, but if men alter their views wo can wish thorn success in tome other Churoh, or in any other useful work. (Hear, hear.) We have ihad our difficulties during the jeir, and I have again to thank the brethren for their generous support. We have not been all of one mind in all things ; but we . baye all, I am sure, tried to do what is right in all brotherly love and the conference will EOon review our nctionB, which will be confirmed or coudemned. I have also to thank the Methodist people generally for their sympathy and oonSdence, manifested in various ways during th« year. I am sure I nun say in truth that our people are loyal to Methodism, that they are lovers of order and peare, and that some of thein have been'muoh mis- represented during the year by those who have been only half-informtd on subjects we have not cared to make public. I ara in a position to say that the Methodist people have not beeu blinded by charity nor benumbed by cold inditferentlsm ; but while deeply anxious for the honour of our Church and somewhat annoyed by the not always wise utterances of the press, still they have muintaiuud their confidence in their chosen leaders, and have by this confidence and loyalty done very much to s«oure the peace and prosperity of the Church. Lees of this epirit might havo lod to much trouble, and tended to both the wreck of Churches and the wreck of souls. I h-we therefore to thank our people fur their con- fidence, and I thank God for their Christian Bpirit. 1 trunt that our people will ever refrain from un extreme radical spirit, and always remember that the rights of a people and the good of a Church can be better secured by calm consi- deration, or, it may be, calm agitation, through our proper Onurch court«, nt the proper time, thtin by any unchristian spiiit. Our lawn aro one for the president and the humblest member, and all wo want is a wise and generous administra- tion of the laws. Our laws work weÜ so long as we have spiritual prosperity, and the whole churoh burns with love for souls. Our danger is from spiritual icebergs, spiritual death. ?J. ou would not have patience with mo to-night if I were to take a glance at the great ohanges that have ttken place in this colony during the past 50 years, and you would be more uneasy it I were to look nt the probabilities of the next fifty. The ah'anges have'beeu great, aud the improve meu's vast in all departments of civilisation, and our Mi thodiaui has had its share, and done it well. But the future will require all our energy to keep pace with the demands of an age that moves at so rapid a pace. That we have met the demands of the past is not a"sufficient guarantee that we shall do so in the future, but we should bave cjnfidenee in*God, and if we do weil our duty now, and lay n good solid foundation, we may then hope well for the future of Methodiftu in ihis rapidly rising nilton. This conference must play its part in this great work, and wo want to ask your sympathy and prayers that God may direct us in the important businuss that will come before ns. It is one of the things of which we mav boast that our ,peoplo do take au interest in all our church work, oud therefore they have a right to know what we contaniplate npd what we need. I will only just give some idea of the special matters that demand the attention of the conference. We want to edúcale our own ministry, and not to depend for supply up»u Enuland. We are thankful for generous help from the British Conference-(Applause)-aud a le v more nipn of first-class jbllity, now aud then, wou'd act as a ttimulu», aud would hosp to diffuse a spirit and powerfhroufrhour chinch. But to depend on «uch supply would be not ouly doinir a wr< ng to the j outh of the colony, but bo anoviiioneo of weakness in our church. (Hoar, hear.) Wo want reinforcements in every part of our mi->«iiuis. The stioiiirth of a missiun, as well ns the evidor.co or its success, is in its native mmisiry. Hitherto wo have done well. How «til I muet leave others in say. fheio are difficulties non in all parts of our mnwion-field which will Lix the wisdom and the patience of the couterence, for our success is our dilliculty, anil demands ma.\ be made on us as , ii church for sacrifico, uot only in tnonei, but of our sous | ai.d daughters But 1 mu-t not antii'ipate jour missionary meelina, inil will «imply ask \on to bo sui . to do nil you eau to make both our home uua foreign meetings a «ucees». 1 hsy imi«t slum! or fall together. Wo «ant al.-,o a High school for otu pirls-or young ladies. (Applause.) The committee appointed by the conference lins collected some information, but find difficulties as to just the sort of behool, us well as the locality. Then the menus and the man to take the managemeut will alto pr-'sout some difficulty. 1 he conference will hove to re-cousider the whole matter, sud the hnuour of securing to our people the nuble object awaits some future presi- dent. Our Sunday schools aro becoming a moat important p-irt of our Church machinery, and will be sure to bave the attention of the conierence. The schools will do well to work nndar the conference rules, if it were for no other reason that it secures themjijrepresentative in tht conference, and .thus »hey "will help lo make the laws io» governing the schools, and otherwise forwaiding ouf Sunday school work. I am very sorrj- we cannot have th* contemplated Sunday school demonstration this year. Then evangelistic work will again demand the attention o£ the oonforeuce. The best way of tising'the means and th« materml that wo tuvo at command, in all om circuits, should be fairly looked at uud wisely used. We hava materials in ourchurch for all kinds of work, and there is all kind of work to be done, both in the city and in the country. VVe have men and women fitted by nature, and fitted by piety, to deal with our hnraan nature ia its lowest grades as well as in its highest, and nil we want is a wita dialnbution'of our talent and of our piety. If God would give us nu evangelist to stii up all our circuit* wo should be thankful, for in one sens« we ara not nil evangelists, We havo uaither tho taste for tho sort of life, nor havo we strength, for this sort of work. I tnedt this sort of work when I was young, by the sirio of the Rev. J. Wilsford, but I have hudto pay for it all my life by, as you see to-night, my cracked voice. However, 1 may just now espresa my opinion, which will amount to a truism, and that is this-that the one' great want of the Methodist Churoh to-dav is simply a return to the old Methodist life, and to tho old Methodist practice, and each member tsel a personal ealvation, and go out aud seek to save 6inuprs, Hnd, to others with a happy heart sav, " Come all ve that fear God, and I will toll you what He hath done for my soul." In conclusion, will you pardon a little honest pride in au Australian of the first generation ? It is only tne pride of a son who boasts a noble «ire. If we arc a great colony wa have a great parentago, and a long list of very respectable cousins. Our progre?» has buen almost unparalleled, but we are only just snunted on the rails, and wo shall need ta bo careful leít we put on too much steam and rattle our oar« to piece». Ae a church ive have pluiedan important part in the p iat, and I am anxious that Methodism shall play s still mote important part in the future. You know that I have no sympathy with Popery as a sytitem ; it ia not loyal ; but all tbe Protestant Churrmes will help to make this colony a great loyal people, a noble British Empire, as well sa raise her'in oil her moral and socisl, as well as religious, life. They have each apart and a powe.', and so have we. and our part and our power ia one clearly marked out by the whole of our history ant) our inBtinots. Wo must fan the blaze of Christian life by the constant preaching of the supernatural power and pre Benoe of the Holy Ghost tn regenerate the te>art and to wit- ness our adoption, and while neglecting no jpart of church duty we" must keep in view the motto of the lounder of our Church, which ia to spread scriptural holiness throughout the land. Amen. (Applause.) The election of president then took place. Ballot-papers were distributed, and having been collected, The Prosident announced the result to bo as follows : I Rev, G. Hurst, 1 ; Rev. R. Sellori, 3 ; Rev. J. A. Nolan, 21 ; Rev. J. H. Fletcher, 36. ^Applause.) The Rev. J. H. Fletcher having approached the chair, The retiring Président said it was now his pleasure to hand over to the newly- elected presidont the seal of the con- ference, and to bid him welcome to that charge. He was too well used to office and to Methodist work for him (Mr. Moore) to attempt to frighten him as respected the burdon of office, and ho was sure he would not attempt to give him any advice as to now he ehould conduct himself. He could assure him that he had very great pleasure indeed in retiring from the chair, and he hoped the new president would havo a ve,ry happy, and the church, under ins presi- dency, a vory prosperous, year. (Applause.) The Rev. J. H. Fletchkr, the newly-elected president, having taken the chair, said he thanked tbeni for one thing. ' They were good enough to elect him as President of the New .South Wales and Queensland Conference ten years ago. He thanked them that after ten years' further acquaintance with him they had seen no reason to withdraw tbeir confidence or change their good opinion of bim. For that he thanked them, but he could not say that to occupy that chad ii second time had Deen ona of his hitherto unsatisfied ambitious. He accepted the ap- pointment I hey hud laid upon him. It was 4a very serious . one, and be, would go home with a rather heavy heart. At the same time he would say he was ' not afraid of any difficulties or duty connected with the position. Ho had not so learned his duty as a Christian minister. There were difficulties beforn them no doubt. 'Ihe difficulties through which they piss-d left marks on their foreheads, whitened their hair, destroyed their digestion, and produced some effect upon their tempers At the sime time tbey fouirht the difficul- ties and survived them. The difficulties before thom would do them no t barm if they encountered them in a right spirit-o in prayerful spirit. He certainly did envy the re- tiring President his meek find quiet spii it He had passed through the difficulties of the year with exemplary patience and jrentleurs-, Und kiilducss ; and he was sure thsy all esteemed at.d loved him the better for the ordeal through which ha had passed. Now he did not forget that they had changed the usage with regard to the induction ot the Brosidont. Ten years ago it was the usape, as Boon al the president'felt the restraints of the chair, it was ex- pected that he should at oi.ee rise and deliver oracles ot sag-teity-(laughter)- but tbey did no1, now expect their newly-eleoted president to do so marvtllous a thing as that, but they allowed him 12 months in which to carefully pre- pare his address. (Applause. Ï . The election of secretary thentouk place, and resulted in the re-election of the Rev. George Lane, who secured56out of 61 votes, the remaining five being divided amongst flv« other candidates. , The Rev. George Lane having thanked the conférence for the appointment, nominated the Rov Charles Stead and the Rev. VV. T. Rabone a-sist mt secretaries; and the Rev. Frank Firth as' corresponding sectetnrv. The conference then adjourned until 10 o'clock on Toes day morning. 