Cuttings from Cfjurctj papers. THE ELECTION' OP BISIIQJ'H IN . IRELAND, , The meeting ei an Irish diocesan synod for the ejection of a Bishop -always throws iHfi> striking relief the change, that - Disestablishment Ifas wrought in the Church. At the sight . of two or three hundred laymen, peers, country gentlemen, farmers, profes sional men of all classes crowding into the cathedral, or place where the synod is to be held, most of them brought there by special trains, the first thought that comes into the mind is, how little, in the old times, it would have seem to matter to most of these who their Bishop was. They would have supposed that the ap pointment had been managed by some backstair influence at the Castle ; they would have taken for granted that the new Bishop had powerful friends, or had pronounced in favour of the Government scheme of education. They would perhaps have looked for ward to seeing him in a year or two on his first confirmation tour, and there, for the mass of the laity, their interest in the matter would have ended. This is all changed now. At petty sessions, in the hunting-field, at the railway station, wherever men meet, a com mon subject of conversation is $he coming election. Prominent laymen convene meetings of synodsmen to ascertain the general feelings of the diocese. Various names are put for ward, and, as these meetings are private, the qualifications of those proposed are discussed, and sometimes a vote is taken upon the six or eight names that have been suggested to see which name is likely to receive most support. Out of those whose names may have thus been mentioned at first, the fittest only survive at the end of the month or two that usually elapses before the meeting of the synod. On the day appointed, after the celebra tion of the Holy Communion, at the conclusion of which the Veni Creator is said, the Archbishop, as Metropol itan, takes his seat, voting- papers are issued to all the clergy and laity, and, without a word being said in favour of any one, or a natne being mention ed openly in the synod, the voting be gins. Each member of the synod writes down the names of three clergy men, and out of the names that ob tain the highest number of votes a se lect list is prepared ; and out of these again, if one is found to have the votes of two-thirds of each order, clerical and lay, he is declared elect ed. If no one attains the recessary number of votes, the names of two or three of those most in favour are sent to the bench of Bishops, who thereupon make their choice. Rosmini, the Italian reformer, looks upon the popular election of Bishops as a remedy for one of the " five " wounds of the Church," while on the other hand his editor has pointed out, as was mentioned in this paper a few months ago, that the history of the Irish Church in the last few years has proved that this is not to be look ed upon as an infallible remedy at all. It may be worth while considering what is the practical working of a system which certainly appears to be primitive and Caiholic in form in a Church which, in its circumstances and condition, more nearly resem bles the Church of England than do any of 'her branches in' the colonies. The choice of a chief pastor is sup posed to be the outcome of the united action of tne clergy and laity. But, roughly speaking, the part each or der plays may be described m this way:' the clergy have the power to determine who the Bishop shall be, when a vacancy occurs;- but already the laity have determined what sort of a Bisfiop the majority of the clergy shall wish for, inasmuch as their in fluence in the appointment of the clergy is paramount. It may be a surprise to many to hear that the election lies practically in the hands the clergy ; but this lshmdoubtedly the case ; for/ as discussion in the public press 3 discountenanced, lay men for the mbst part can hardly find out, except through their clergy, what are the needs of the diocese, or what are the merits of those whose names are proposed. Besides, the tendency that exists m all public bod ges to leave their business to be con ducted by those who know most about it is strengthened by the sacerdotal gift of influence, which, however much he may repudiate it in words, no one can help exercising who has to do with the powers of the world to come ; and so it comes to this, that al though some of the more thoughtful laity may suspect that that in which the clergy of a diocese are themselves most deficient — whether it be learn ing, or unworldliness, or purity of doctrine, or diligence in their pastor al duties — the majority of them will not be anxious to see possessed in any eminent degree by their new Bishop, still, to all intents and purposes, if not literally, the clergy fill up the voting- papers of the laity. But, on the other hand (as has been already said), in the appointment of the clergy the lay influence is absolute. The three diocesan nominators are ap pointed by the laity practically, the three parochial nominators, who pre sent in each board of nomination the interests of the parish, are laymen, and in this committee of seven, which with the Bishop is thus formed, the Bishop has only one vote. And so the action of majorities is brought to bear upon the election of Bishops in a twofold way ; the average feeling of the laity is expressed in the choice of the clergy, and the average feeling of the clergy thus chosen in the choice of a Bishop. The result has been very much what might have been ex pected. In a large constituency the major ity will always be half-educated, easi ly led by prejudice, timid about any thing that is too unlike its own medi ocrity, but at the same time able 10 recognise some virtues and likely to reward these almost exclusively. It must be remembered that democracy in the Church is not the same as de mocracy in the State. In the first place, the franchise is far more wide ly extended in the Church ; for any one may vote for a synodsman who takes the trouble to have his name registered on his parochial vestry list. In the next place there is this great diffei'ence : in the political world there is a continued and systematic effort to educate public opinion, on the part of the chosen leaders of the people, so that electors may learn what they ought to wish and vote for, while in the Church there is as little as possible of any education of the electorate. It seems almost to be supposed that any hints from the B.shops as to the principles ou which they ought to .use their powers of electing would be resented as undue interference by the laity. And so the elections that are made are likely to bear the stamp of the men who make them. However there is this to be said — the cardinal virtue in the eyes of the laity is activity. If a man is known to be hard-working, it will even atone for some slight di vergence from the popular opinions, and his ability and learning will be reckoned in his favour, instead of be ing looked upon with suspicion, pro vided of course that his work is of the kind that can be seen by his par ishioners. It is easier to see faults than sug gest remedies. One great evil of the system of popular elections is that it leaves the choice to anonymous aud therefore irresponsible persons, who are outside the reach of public opin ion. This can be brought to bear up on a Prime Minister or upon an Arch bishop, but not upon a synod, or up on the clergy of a diocese, or upon the individuals who unofficially but really control the action of these bod- ies. This might be met by the diocese bein, required to make its chorne out of three names sent down to it 1>y the Metropolitan of the Province. Again, it must be remembered that it is entire ly misleading to call the Irish system primitive while the clergy are, the, nominees of the laity. The most thorough reform would be to abolish boards of nomination, and to give to the Bishop the right of presentation to most of the parishes in the diocese, and to leave the election of Bishops to stand as it is. This might deliver the Church from sinking to that dead level which it is the tendency of a majority to create, and at, the same time - would preserve to the laity their due influence in the choice of their spirit aal rulers. One step in this direction would be to give to the Bishop greater influence in the boards of nomination ; if he had three votes out of nine instead of one out of seven, qualifications which diocesan and pa rochial nominators are not apt to see or care about might have some recog nition, and more scope might be given to individuality. One of the best things that can be wished for the Church of Ireland is that Irish Churchmen, who have learned so much since disestablishment, will find out that itis the opinion of individuals, and not that of majorities, that is really the mainspring of all that is best done in the world. — Guardian. JOHN HENRY I'aRICER THE PUBLISHER. We deeply regret to announce the death of Mr. John Henry Parker, which took place on Thursday, at his residence in Oxford. The son of the late Mr. John Parker, a merchant of London, he was born in 1806, and was educated at the Manor-house School at Chiswick. In 1821 he entered business as a bookseller, and about ten years later he succeeded his uncle, Mr. Joseph Parker, at Oxford. In 1836 he published his Glossary of Architecture, and in 1849 he issued his Introduction to the Study of Gothic Architecture, originally a series of elementary lectures delivered to the junior members of the Oxford Archi tectural Society. This was followed, after a short interval, by Domestic Architecture of the Middle Ages. He also edited the fifth edition of Rick- man's Gothic Architecture, and he was the author of The Archaeology of Rome, and of several papers on medi aeval architecture in the Archeeologia, Archaeological Journal, Gentleman's Magazine, &c.; The Times says the late Mr. J. H. Parker's works on Gothic architecture , the well-known Glossary., and others , have for many years held a joremost place among au thorities, while his spirited researches at Home have done much to uncover the antiquities of the place, though doubtless semetimes biassed by crot chets and unsound conjectures. "I am expressly told, 'he says of honours done him,' that it is because I have demonstrated the fallacy of the popu lar delusion which has been generally adopted for the last half century, that the old Roman family legends are forgeries of a much later period, whereas the walls themselves, brought- to light within the last twenty years, after having been buried for more than two thousand years, prove the contrary, and the photographs enable , any one to see this without going t j Rome for the purpose. They show that the legends do contain what I have shown must be the true early i history of the city of Rome, This gives tenfold interest to the antiqui ties of Rome, when we know that their history is true, and not merely childish legends , as we have been taught at school since the time of Bunsen, and Niebuhr, and Arnold. If they could have seen what is now visible, and compared the four suc cessive walls with the incidental notices of them in the legends, they must have seen the error into which they bad fallen, chiefly because these walls were not visible in their time. The best-informeA-persons in Rome now see t%jt msph.QTographs of these walls afce a d eshi'oh" of the truth of this "history I he DaifyWews sags " The services rhded by such men as Mr, Parker tkthe dck ef histori cal knowledge Jare mpl, likely to be ; underrated th|jj|. overpraised. lie was not, it .is true, a man of profound learning or" varied culture. He did what in the sphere of research may almost be called journeyman's work. Tet it is difficult to exaggerate the importance of his labours. Sir George Lewis may have gone too far when he said that nothing oHght to be Relieved for which there w-sAiot contemporary, or- almost contempor ary,- evidence. But there can be no doubt that the testimony of inscrip tions, of coins, of sculpture, if auth entic, outweigh any amount of ingen ious and plausible conjecture. It is certain that JSTiebuhr was a much abler and much more accomplished man than Mr. ParkSr. It is by no means equally clear that he did more to in crease our knowledge of ancient Rome. \- Guardian . MR. PEABODY's CHARITX. The annual report of the Psqbfrdy Trustees states that the net gai5 of the year, from rents and interests, has been 25,252 1. 16s. 2d. The sum given and bequeathed by Mr. Peabody was, in 1862, 150,000/. ; in 1866, 100,000/,, in 1868, 100,000/. ; and in 1873, 150, 000/.; making a total of 500,000/.; to which has been added money re ceived for rent and interest, 329,863/. L5s. 8d., making the total fund at the end of last year 829,863/. 15s. 8d. In addition to this the capital account has beeu increased by 390,000/. borrow ed from the Public Works Loan Com missioners and others, of which sum there remains unpaid 361,333/, 6s. 8d., thus bringing up the total capital to 1,191,197/. 2s. 4d. Since their last report the trustees have expended ou land and buildings 119,382/. 18s. 5d., making the total expenditure 1,089,- 883/. 12s. 6d. During the past year the trustees have opened thirty-three blocks of buildings at Whitecross- street, St. Luke's, containing .1,878 rooms all of which are occupied. . Eleven blocks, to contain 514 rooms, are in course of erection at Pear-tree- court, Clerkenvvell — the last of the six sites bought of the Metropolitan Board of Works. The trustees will commence at an early date the erection of eight blocks of buildings in Little Coram-street to contain 420 rooms. They will also, during the present year, build three blocks at Great Peter- street, Westminster, and begin four blocks on a plot recently purchased adjoining their buildings at Islington. At the end of- last year they hadfo vided 9,693 rooms, exclusively of bath rooms, laundries, and wash-houses. These rooms comprise 4,359 separate dwellings, occupied by 18,009 persons. The average weekly earnings of the head of each family in residence at the close of the year was 1/. 3s. 8d. The average rent of each dwelling was 4s. 8|d., and of each room 2s. l|d.Tthe rent in all cases including the free uise of water, laundries, sculleries, and bathrooms. The birth rate for the year leached 41'8t> per 1,00C, which is 801 per 1,000 above that of all Lon don for the same period. The death rate was 18'60 per 1,000, which is,l'77 less than Loudon. The infan£%ir- tality was 155 65 in each 1,000 births, or 9"85 per 1,000 above that of Lon don. — Guardian. .MISSTATEMENTS. Some letters have appeared in the Tablet accusing certain Anglican cler gymen of having palmed themselves off as Roman Catholic priests, and of obtaining, 011 these false pretensions, permission to celebrate Mass at Romau altars. Dr. Littledale and the Bishop of Argyll (Dr. A. Chin- nery Haidane) were specially named as having done this. The former has already given a full denial of the charge, and the latter has sent the following explanation to the Glasgow Herald , in reply to a letter signed by Father Guido, of the Franciscan Hospice, at Jerusalem : — " Father Guido seems to imply that during my stay at Jerusalem in 1875, 1 first con veyed to him and to others the im pression that I was a Eoman Catho lic priest, and that thus I afterwards obtained from the Franciscan sacristan of the Church of the Holy Sepulchre, permission to say Mass at one of their alters on Calvary. Allow me to state a few facts which should dispose of this scandalous and utterly untrue ac- cusation of fraud and sacrilege. In the first place, on my arrival at the Hospice, I took very special pains to make it abundantly clear to Father Guido, the superior, who and what I was ; I not only gave my name, and letters of introduction from two An glican Bishops, but I also showed him my Letters of Orders, written in Eng lish (a language with which Father Guido was well acquainted), signed by the late Bishop of Salisbury, and sealed with the diocesan arms, to which Father Guido calls attention in f" his letter. These Letters of Orders, V let me state, set forth in the clearest possible terms, that I had been or dained both deacon and priest ac cording to the rites of the Church of England, a Church with which Father Guido must, at any rate, have had some acquaintance, seeing that he had formerly resided for a time in the neighbourhood of London. But Fa ther Guido's account goes on to state that every morning I said Mass in my room.' This is not the case. "What I did was to celebrate the Holy Eu charist according to the rites of my own Church on the two Sundays of my visit to Jerusalem. These cele brations took place it is true, in a pri vate parlour. And why? Simply be cause having professed myself an An glican, and consequently not in com munion with the Church of Rome, I should have considered it both incon sistent and unreasonable to have claimed a right to make use of their altars. Had I been, or had I pro fessed to be, a Roman priest, I should, of course, have ashed leave to say Mass either in the chapel or in the convent, or at one of the Latin altars in the Church of the Holy Sepulchre." — Australian Ch urchman. ordination — diocese oe london. In consequence of the large num ber of candidates for holy orders in the diocese of London — last Advent there were seventy — the Bishop finds himself obliged, though very unwill ingly, to discontinue his custom of re ceiving them all together at Fulham JV during the Ember week. The exam- f<, ination for the ordination on Trinity Sunday will take place in London during Rogation week, and the Bishop will see the candidates at Fulham on the first three days of Ember week. The anxiety of examination being thus over there will be a quiet interval for devotional services and addresseson the ensuing days. A well supported parish. At the annual tea-party of St. Peter's, Bournemouth, it was stated by the vicar, the Rev. G. Stopford Ram, that during the past year the number of communions had been 13, 307, being an increase on the pre ceding year of 397. The total amount of the offertories was 2, 283/. 12s. lOcl. , an icnrease of 196/, 12. Id. as compar ed with the previous year. The debt on the old building fund of St. Swithun's had been cleared off, but half the debt on the enlargement fund still remained unpaid. The church of St. Ambrose, Westbourne, had a debt remaining on it of 650/., towards which 50/. had been given from the offertory at St. Peter's on the previous day. address oe twe american board oe missions to the s.p.o. , " The undersigned, appointed by the Board of missions of the Protes tant Episcopal Church in the United States of America as a committee to offer to the venerable Society for the Propagation of the Gospel in Foreign Parts the thanks of the board for the cordial and paternal greeting which has been sent to them through the secretary of the Society, have great pleasure in discharging the duty which has been intrusted to them. "At the close of the first century of our existence as a National Church, we acknowledge with deep and un feigned gratitude that whatever this Church has been . in the past, is now, or will be in the future, is largely due under God' to the long-continued nursing care and protection of the venerable Society. " In expressing this conviction we seem to ourselves to be speaking not only for those who are now assembl ed in the great Missionary Council of this Chur ch , but f or these many genera tions wl o have passed from their earth ly labtun to the rest of Paradise. We cannot forget that it the Church of England has become the Mother of Churches, even as England herself has become the Mother of Nations, the generous and unwearied efforts of the body which you now represent have been chiefly instrumental in pro ducing these wonderful results. "That the venerable Society may continue to receive the abundant bles sing of our Heavenly Father, and may bring forth more and more fruit to the glory of God and the spread of the kingdom of His dear Son, is the sincere and earnest prayer of every Churchman in the United States- " On behalf of the Board of Missions "John Williams, Bishop of Con necticut Wm. Bacon Stevens, Bishop of Pl nnsylvan-ia Henry C. Potter. Assistant-Bish- op-elect of New York. George Leeds, Presbyter of Mary land. R. C. Winthrop, of Massachu setts. John W. Stevenson, of Ken tucky. " " Burton Brewers and Clergy. — With reference to the paragraph which appeared in our issue of the 9th inst., as to the Rev. W. J. Spraggs-Smith, curate of Christ Church, Burton- on- Trent, an energetic abstainer, having received formal notice from his Vicar under pressure of the brewers, we quote the following letter, addressed by the Vicar of Christ Church (the Rev. C. Guest) to the "Alliance News " : — " The Rev. W. J. Spraggs- Smith has omitted to inform you that my application to the Bishop for his removal from the curacy of this par ish was not made solely from appre hended loss to the parochial charities through the very natural resentment of the brewers, but also because of the offence given to nearly all the most earnest Christian members of my congregation by Mr. Smith's ex aggerations and misrepresentation : and chiefly because I myself am ut terly unable to support or agree with Mr. Smith's action in the matter. His book contains statements about the town and the brewers, some of which are notoriously untrue and unjust ; others, as those referring to his own pastoral experience and the rate of wages, whT'ch are, whether intentional ly or not, most misleading ; and many more, such as the interpretations of Scripture, and Mr. Smith's own opin ions about the value of alcoholic bev erages, which are in my opinion absurd. And Mr. Smith's conduct in accepting a curacy in this town, and persisting in wishing to retain its emoluments, whilst he knows those emoluments, like the income and livelihood of nearly every person in the town, are derived from the brewing trade, and yet, moreover, attacking that trade in the unmeasured style of his letters and book, appear to me to be worthy 'of any epithet rather than that of honest,' which you, I am sure, too hastily have applied to it."- — " Record." tasmania. A Societv for the Promotion of Mo rality has been formed in. Tasmania, under the auspices of Bishop Sandford, who allowed, however, in his inaugur al address, that the Church of Christ is the true association for social and individual purity, and that it was only because of the impossibility of united action on her part that recourse was had to societies of merely human in stitution. He complained of the un fairness of allowing the woman "to bear the brunt of condemnation that fell upon the immoral," and allowing the man " to pass scot free." At the same time, he thought that the man needed much more help than he re ceived. He was not sure that men had been so warned m the days . of boyhood or youth as they ought to be, and he was sure that temptations were allowed to abound that made it almost impossible for any but a strong-mind ed and strong- hearted man to escape. He thought before putting forward the religious aspect of the movement doctors and teachers of physiology should be allowed to be heard. Men should be taught the laws and consti tution of their own being. Not that he did not recognise the importance of the religions part of the question. His belief was that they would never really rescue souls from immorality till they understood that the Spirit of God made the body His special taber nacle, and that, therefore, when a man sinned against his body he was sin ning in the most direct and awful manner against the Holy Ghost. Thirty-three ladies and gentlemen joined the society at its first meeting. melbourne. "We learn that another addition has been made to the teaching staff of the Melbourne Grammar School in the person of the Rev. T. II. Rust, M.A., lately master of Bishop Stortford's school, England. Sir "William Clarke has added to his many gifts to Trinity College the noble present of £3000, thus clearing the new buildings that bear his own and his brother's name from all debt. All such acts of munificence do more than enrich the particular institution benefited — they enrich the Church with a splendid exampie.- -Aus. (Jhmn. On Friday, 8th February, a new de parture was taken in this diocese by the solemn admission of Miss Marion McFarlane to the Order of Deaconess. It is now more than twenty years ago since the Order was revived in the Church of England, the first attempt being made in the Diocese of London, under authority of the late Archbish op Tait, then Bishop of London. There can be no doubt that Deacon esses were a recognised Order in the primitive Church, and were solemnly set apart for authorised ministrations. In thesedays of female " Evangelists," and " Hallelujah Lasses," when it is quite clear that if women cannot en gage in spiritual work under author ity it will be done by them without authority, it seems not only prudent, but necessary, that a legitimate field should be opened up for their exer tions within the Church. We are glad and thankful that our Bishop has recognised this necessity, and tha4- he has sanctioned a movement which cannot but be fruitful in good, if wisely and devoutly carried on, and may help to lessen the difficulty of bringing home the ministrations of religion to the careless and ungodly masses of our larger towns. Miss McFarlane has long desired to engage in evangelistic work, under competent authority, in some definite position recognised by the Church, and with a definite mission from the Church. A suitable sphere in which to begin her labours has been found at Prahran, in the parish of Christ Church, South Yarra, under the superintendence of the Rev. H. F. Tucker. At eleven o'clock in the morning of the 8th ult. the candidate and her friends, to the number of forty, received the Holy Communion together in South Yarra . Church, and the same evening she was admitted to the office of Deacon ess by the laying on of hands. The service used was that sanctioned by authority in the Diccese of London. After evensong the candidate was conducted by the incumbent to the Sanctuary. There certain questions were put to her, and being satisfac torily answered, the Bishop proceeded to give the imposition of hands, and Miss McFarlane was admitted the first member of the Female Diaconate of the Diocese of Melbourne. His Lordship afterwards delivered a very impressive address on the duties of the sacred office she had been called to fill. It is hoped that by-and-by Miss McFarlane may become the head of a " Melbourne Diocesan Deaconesses' Institution " on the lines of that ex isting in the Diocese of London, and help to train others, as devout and self-denying as herself, for the holy work to which she has devoted her life. It will be a bright day for the Church in Victoria when our larger town parishes have each its faithful Deaconess, and we heartily pray that the work now auspiciously begun may take root in the diocese and bear abundant fruit to the glorv of God and welfare of souls.— -G. of JS. Mess. We regret to learn frem the report of Mr. E.D. Puckle, the hon. treasur er to the Church Mission to the Abo rigines. that the funds of the mission are at so low an ebb that he has had some difficulty in paying the salaries punctually. We are satisfied that the flagging interest of the public is not desorved by any want of energy or success on the part of the conduct ors of the missions. Indeed, having lately visited the Lake Condah Station and witnessed the industries and or derly habits of the little community, their pride in their homes, their fer vour and reverence in worship, the in telligence of the children in their school, the excellence of the discipline maintained in the station, and withal the general respect and good will that is felt for the missionaries, we heart ily subscribe to the following extract from the report of the Rev. J.H. Stable, of whose qualifications for his post we cannot speak too highly : — " It would be interesting, and I think con vincing, for those who doubt whether it is of use to Christianise and civilize the black if they were to come here and see for themselves the clean and tidy aspect of their comfortable vil lage home, which has been to a great extent erected through their own labour. . . . My hope is, that while the Government shows greater liberality year by year, in respect to the temporal welfare of the'natives, and while they themselves show, by faithful and hard labour in erecting a church in which to worship God that they believe that man lives not by bread alone, all those interested in mission work may come forward and liberally supply money to buy the needful materials, as well as pay for such work in connection with the church as cannot be done by aborigi nes. Should anyone feel inclined to ask, ' To what purpose will a church be built for the aborigines if it is admitted on all hands that they are dying out fast ? ' I would say that even if they should disappear ere long, from the face of the earth, the church would then still be a monument erected by a Christian people, testifying that they have not been onlookers with idle hands and unsympathetic heart, while the vices of the white man, coupled with their own . ignorance, serve to ruin the natives, body and soul." 