OUii PARIS LETTElt. ' Down with the English !' is becoming the order of the day. A paper has been brought out specially devoted to the cause. Pamphlets are appearing to further the same end* These sibylline publications are full of prognostications for the immediate downfall of England—that consummation so devoutly to be wished, in the interests of civilisation and universal peace.' Following the information of the Figaro, fit medium for tranecendal politics, the triple alliance of the Emperors has been solely formed in the end to blot out England from the map of the world ; while she lives neither Franc3 nor any other nation can colonize, protect or even perhaps fillibuster. Strange to say, it was with the approval of France, that their Imperial majesties decided to abolish Great Britain, the Isle of Man included. One word from France and England was rescued, but no, it is necessary that Germany and Russia finish up with John Bull et son lie; that disaster will be solutary.' The writer adds, France will ever have an interest in the misfortunes of England,' we need no ghost to assure us of that. Besides La Rochefoucauld observes there is something pleasurable in the misortunes of our best friends. If by chance England should escape the Russian bear and the German boar, France will fall on what is left of her like the jackal for a war, the Daniel asserts, between England nd France is inevitable ; it will out-lick ait that creation has ever witnessed up to the present, so if Albion be wise, she will note the big drum aud the tam tain, and ppease the anger of the gaul—by giving him Egypt. Still harping on my daughter, awaiting her decision ten minutes allowed for refreshments, the duty then of every patriot is to swell the cry. Down upon ye English' polish them off for their insolences from Crecy to Waterloo. And it is at such a moment when France is engaged in her expansion schemts in the East, to which Bismark out of love has egged her on, that she labors to make enemies by such ribaldry and garbage. She lias already insulted Italy and Spain with her anti publications : she has done the same to ermany, so England need not take it too m.ich to heart if she be similarly honored. But those who push France along that road by feeding her jealousy and fooling her vanity—the better to farm her, have much to answer for; however, we are a long way yet from the A Londre* There is not a school boy but will draw you up a plan for the invasion of England with the promptitude with which he will draft a brand new constitution for his own country. Projects created like waves, and one no sooner touched the shore and died than a new follower rose. Ttie tactics of the Chinese commence to peep out. They intend to exhaust the French by a protracted war, which will not suit either the temperament or the political necessities of France. A few of the journals make siren overtures to John Chinaman, to confers his wrongs ; to execute a mea culpa, aud throw himself on the mercy of a generous enemy that will let him down softly. Franco is deep iu the marmalade : she has her old man of the mountains in Tonquin and the Black Flags, and her Mahdi in China proper, and at the moment when England has nerved herself to do her work in Egypt. China, it appears, cjuld bring 2!),000,000 of soldiers into the field more than the united armies of all Europe. It would take some time to kill off these. The tenitonal army of France, tho war minister has officially stated, would be disorganised if more than 6,000 men were dispatched to China, and 30,000 is the number required to march to Pekin. Then there is the money grant. The budget is in a deficit of 200,000,000 francs, and a war-loan would not be popular for invading China. For Germany, that would be another affair, a bold stroke to reposses Alsuce would empty all the old stockings of the five franc pieces in the twinkling of an eye. Hence the astuteness of Bisuiark, to push France into Mexican expeditions, and then let her get out of the mud as she best can. The feeling of the country is uneasy and feverish, and the opposition is less determined against the calling together of parliament. The Radicals invited M. Gravy to summon the Chambers to consider the Chinese fix and puzzle. He declared that by the constitution he could not do anything of the kind, but sent the letter on to M. Ferry. It is only a Macmahon could indulge in the luxury of a parliamentary coup d'etat, to wit, the celebrated 16th May. For being constitutional,fithe Radicals remind M. Grtfvy that Louis XVI was so too, but that did not save his head from the guillotine. That's pretty hot for the venerable president, the most inoffensive of mortals. Then they threaten to abolish the office of 1 president. That was the favorite idea 1 once of M. Grtfvy, but destiny decided he was himself to illustrate the contradiction. Similarly with Thiers, he advocated surrounding Paris with fortifications to keep out an enemy, and they were utilized in that end against himself. j t A e m 