Prospect Camp. A DENIAL. Messrs. Keogh and Eadbnrn called at this office this morning with the following report of a public meeting held at Prospect, which we readily insert : — ' An .indignation mooting was held in the public hall, Prospect Eesorvoir, on Sunday evening, to con sider what action should bo taken with reference to the article which appeared in the Evening News of There were about 200 men present. On Mr. Keog-h being voted to i'aa chair, he explained to the meeting the position in which editors stood with regard to eoinniimieatums which they receive for pub lication. Nothing is supposed ever to be pub lished unless he be satisfied of the hona fides of the writer : bnt that cases of duplicity do arise, and this nvusi xuiquestioiiaijly be one of them, in which the bon-ajldes of the writer was taken as a guarantee; for truth, while the statements conveyed were as vile a tissue of slanders as ever were uttered against a whole ccnimunity. ? The speaker's subse quent remarks, together yath the speeches delivered by the movers and seconders of the resolutions which followed, were nothing short of successive outbursts of indignation against ths correspondent who could be guilty of penning such statements. Following are tha resolutions : — 1\. ' That this meeting- indignantly repudiates the slanderous statements which appeared in the Eveit ino^Sews of Friday last with regard to the people cf the lJror;pect Ecservoir.' 2\. ' That as these statements were nothing but a tissue of malicious exaggerations and downright falsehoods from beginning to end, the editor be re quested to publish an explanation as to why such gross libels on. a whole cosramnity were committed.' 3\. ''' That this meeting requests the : editor to assist its delegates in discovering- the -m-iter of the said statements, so that he (the writer) may be prose cuted for criminal libel.' 4\. ' That this meeting appoint three delegates to ?wait on. the editor, and present those r3i?ohitions. Such delegates to consist of Mr. Eeogh, ilr. Ead bnrn. and Mr. O'Connor.' 5\. ''That a fund beprovidedtoprosecutethe matter to a successful issue, and all 'the inhabitants be invited to subscribe.' 6\. ' That as the slanders conveyed compromise also the two police who are stationed here, Messrs. West and Hariri tis, this meetiag- takes the opportunity of placing on record its appreciation cf the zealots and efficient manner in -which they have always discharged their duties.' M. J. Keogh, Chairman. Prospect. NoronihGr 30. [Tlie correspondent v-rho wrote the description com plained of is not a resilient of Prospect, but obtained his impressions cf the place from a visit thereto ; and being- a regular contributor to our columns, -svhos'o veracity has never been called in question, we ac cepted Ms account of the locality as reliable. Ho will, of course, be called upon for a justification of his article.— Ed. E. N.] The Lismore Borough Council intends to apply to . Parliament for a grant of money to improve the' entrance to the Eichmond Eivcr bar. Dewhtirst; who ' starred' here as a tragedian, is appearing- as the Ghost in Wilson Barrett's revival of ''Hainlet7' in London. A.papsr Lathe bigvil-* lage says : — The Ghost of Sir. Dewhnrst was most unimpressive, and not in the least awe- inspiring. 