i im mm. : . .' . — ? ♦ ? ^— CHAPTER XXIX. . ?? ? ' YOTJB SINS SHALL FIND YOU OUT. \- Twilight had fallen upon Witch Late. The bfter-glow of a splendid sunset still painted the air, but found no answering glow in the breasts of the three inmates of the gloomy house. The early tea was served, and they sat at the table; but even Hasan, half nniinni as he was. showed no relish for food. He soon got up and went by a roundabout way to the grove of the tom^). He had been -there three times to-day. His .restless antietyurged him to the spot that held his double secret i&& must see if all looked right. His ter rified rmagioa,»ion conjured up ways by which his guilt might come to light. His steps faltered as they approached the place where he had last night sealed his victim in her tomb. The muffled cry of a, screech- owl pursued hiip.ashe went. It shivered across his excited nerves. Everything else was still, steeped in the solemn gloom and silence of twilight. Just before he reached the well he stopped; he fancied he heard a footstep behind him. He. had thought the same thing each time he had come here torday. He turned his head and listened, There was nothing but the low rustle of the wind among the leaves. Cursing himself for a coward, he turned his head again toward the well. 'What was that standing upon it? Did his eyes deceive him, or was that a woman's black-robed figure standing on the very spot under which he had buried E nth? An instant ago it had not been there. Could it have risen from the earth ? He nerved himself to take a step forward. The figure turned slowly ; he saw its face.' ' God of Heaven V The hoarse cry burst from his lips as he fell back. He tried to escape, but ' his trembling limbs refused to move. His fixed, staring eyes were fastened upon, that face. Slowly the shape raised its right arm. ' Be sure your sin will find you out !' was pro nounced in solemn, ghostly tones of doom, and the guilty man fell in a senseless heap upon the ground. Half an hour after, Selma opened her door in answer to a knock upon it, and found Hagan, livid in visage, and trembling in every limb. 'Give me some brandy, quick !' he said ; * I am half dead/ When Re had gulped down the liquor she brought, he said : '.Are' you ready to go from here ? I tell you I will not stay here an hour after to-morrow. This cursed place is haunted !' An hour later Carlos, too, saw the ghostly shape that had so frightened Hagan. He had. been wandering about the yard, too restless and unhappy to sleep. At last he turned his steps to the lake, impelled by the thought that perhaps the body of the lost girl had by this time risen to the surface of the water. Perhaps it had not been devoured by the scaly monster ; they had only missed it in their search. It might hav-j come to the' surface, or it might rise while he watched the lake. He was sitting on the bank of the lake, seeing, but with unheeding eyes, the stars reflected in the watery mirror, when he heard a sound like a low sigh just behind him. He turned and saw a dark figure, enveloped, it seemed, in. a dusky cloud, through which he could only see the glimmer of a white face and the outline of a woman's shape. It stood motionless and seemed to be looking at him. Ho got up and moved toward it. It re treated slowly ; but, raising his arm, seemed to beckon to him to follow. 'It is the black ghost of Witch Lake that I have heard about so often,' he thought. ' ' Who ever 'follows it will die, it is said, I. will risk it.' He followed the shadowy figure as it glided along the footpath in the direction of the tomb. The trial of Ereutwood Harlaad was drawing to & close. Indeed, it was virtually ended, for all' who looked on the faces of the jurors after the attorney for the State had finished summing-up the evidence, and had dilated upon the circum stances that enhanced the heinous nature of the crime, could but be assured that nothing the de fence could urge would alter the verdict they had made up their minds to render. Mr. Boultby did not make his appearance until the opposing counsel had finished his speech. Then he came out of a side room that had a pri vare outlet to the street. He was quite pale, and his face and manner indicated suppressed excitement. But he quietly advanced to the speaker' s place, and addressing himself to the judge said : ? I beg leave to say to the court that a circum stance -ias just come to light which leaves nothing to be done in this ease but to dismiss it at once, and set the prisoner at liberty. It is no case, in fact. The indictment of Brentwood Harland for the murder of his father, Philip Harland, was based upon an error. Brentwood Harland did not kill his father. He did not even strike him.' The words, calmly uttered, produced a pause of astonishment. The judge, a small, irascible man, bounced from his seat. Then he remembered his dignity, and settling himself again, looked at the speaker over the top of his spectacles, and said with considerr able irony : fMr. lioultby can of course prove his state ment?' ' I can, your honor,' returned the lawyer. ' I am about to prove it from the mouth of -the man who was said to have been murdered. Philip Harland himself. Philip HarLmd is alive.' Alive ! The crowded court- room was silent as the grave. Then there came a confused murmur, whicn grew louder until the voice of authority wajs heard demanding order. All-eyes turned to the prisoner. At the words, *' Phillip Harland is alive,' he had leaped to his feet- and stood staring wildly at the speaker. When he dropped into his seat again, his fingers clutched the railing by which he was surrounded ; his face bent forward with eyes fastened upon the lawyer, as a table of conflicting emotions, hope, doubt, and bewilderment. *Mv. Boultby,' the Judge said, in a voice forcibly controlled, 'are you prepared to substan tiate the unexpected, the very wonderful de claration you' have made?' '-I aim, sir,' the lawyer said, bowing. ' One moment, if you please.* He turned -and went to the door of the side room through which he had issued. He entered the room and reappeared immediately, supporting on hia arm a man feeble and bowed, who kept' his he&d; down, add trembled visibly, but when they ha4.xeachied.the open space before the judge, the' . lawyer whispered in the other's ear : ' YoutTsob is close to you.' The old Hiaa straightened himself, raised his ' head, and gazed about him for a second. ' ' *liy Mends/ he said, * I am Philip Harland/ Changed, aged, and broken as he seemed, it was impossible not to recognise that brow, that eye, that voice. They were Philip Harland's. The deep hush that pervaded the courtroom at the -sight -of the supposed dead, and at hearing his living voice, was broken by a tumult of exclauia tiojiSi The uproar of the blended voices sounded to'|he feeble man like a coming storm. He trembled^ ? 'JButbl !' he cried. A figure, dressed in black, who had followed him and the lawyer out of the side room, threw back her vail, and was at his side in an instant. Her arm ^was around him. *-T»Bcle,' she whispered, 'your eon is at you? feei' . fit my feet? My boy?' The old man held out his arms. The kneeling figure rose. Father and son were in each other's arms. : - ... KSie erawd broke into cheers ; they pressed for ward tumultuously. ' = in the confusion no one heard a, faint scream of despair; aad few noticed that a swooning woman was borne out by a man. . . . ?.--:; Jt was 'many ininutjes before ...quiet was re stored. Even 1jhe judge, who knew and yalued Philip Harland, pressed up to the group that was the centre of all eyes, and warmly grasped the hand of iifl Buddenly restored Mend: Then retnembering his judicial position, he furtively dashed a tear from bis frosty lashes, and sharply called 0m oowi .to order, fie demanded an ex? planafcion. ??? .;.;-?-?- -.- : -.- ?' ?-.'?::-'. '?'??*. '?'? ?v*-' t^ry had Philip Harland concealed the fiaoti that he was jalive f Why had he pretended to be d^f, 'Why had he allowed frfe jog to siaffer so gtpjtt -^grong f* .. ' £&k3;: .:-i': ??-... .???....;- ',?.'?' ? ? ? ? ' . - . . »p Philip Harlafia withafce1* liis eyes from Jos son's face. He pressed ids bony, hand to his forehead, as if trying to eollect his senses. Then he said in his sweet tones, distinct, though feeble : « I have not wronged my son intentionally. I did not know. I was as one dead at first. It was a cataleptic fit, such as I had had once before. It gave me the appearance of one dead. They believed me dead. I knew nothing for a long while. Then when consciQusness cain,e I was feeble' in mind as well aa in body. They told me — I mean 1 imagined — that I had killed mr son. I knew I had struck him— I remembered that — and that I had raised my hand to gir? him the second blow. J recollected up more ; it was then that tha ££ came— the fit that caused me t- fall lifeloasv They told—J fancied— thai I had struek the last time and killed 107 hoy. I kid from the law j I was miserable, but I «Quld nob bear to be dragged before the bar on suah ag charge. If I had know* that my bof was aiiv*^ that he had suffered eo much on my aocouab — The old man's voice txdke, and Ms bead dropped on his eon's shoulder. Brentwpoa' drew him to a eeat. Ob. the other side of 'her uncle cat Buth. Team were dropping down her cheeks, but her wet eyes shone, and the fiinile on her lips made her face radiant. Brent looked from her to liis father in bewildeaed rapture. ?I thought it was only in Heaven that our dead came to us/ he murmured. ' Euth, are you real V She gave him her hand across his father. He pressed it in his. ? 'We owe all ip her, my boy/ said bis father, and Brent was more bewildered than ever. Others were bewildered. The judge knit bis brow in perplexity. ' This is all very strange/ he said ; ' I cannot understand why these two persons should have been made to believe that each had killed the other/ . .. Mr. Boultby rose. * It is strange/ he said ; 'but the parties them selves are not accountable for the belief which has cost them so much. Mr. Philip Harland was not conscious of anything for weeks after his seizure. When he came to his senses he knew what had happened to him. He had had a similar illness once before. He had feared from his symp toms for some time before this latter attack, that it was impending, and for this reason he had written for his son to come to him. His physician had Warned him that a secx/ad seizure jolght prove fatal. It is probable that the counter shock of the fall and of striking his head, with the small blopd-jfcw that followed, instead of injuring him, saved his life. While he lay with his intellect weakened almost to childishness, he received the impression th^t ha had killed his son. He has been t;b? victin'o'f this sickening delusion until yesterday.' Last night he first learned that his soli was befcng tried, iinj this morning for the first tinip Bines Ms cataleptic seizure,lie stepped across the threshold of the room in which he had been confined. His feeble condition aud Ills emotion at the sight of his son go to prove that he is in no wise account able for the wrong that Brentwood Harland has suffered, and for the imposition that has been practiced upon the court by bringing forward a false case. All the cost of this case, however, Mjl\ Harland wishes to pay, and he begs that no ques tion be asked of him concerning other parties. He has accused no one, implicated no one, and he begs that his desire for silence in this regard be respected/ ? The judge replied that no more questions sliould be put to Mr. Philip Harland at present, out of consideration f orchis ill-health; but he added that no questions were needed to confirm the guilt of two persons, who had outraged the law by false swearing, if by no graver offence. And, turning to the sheriff, he ordered him to arrest Hajran aad Mrs. Harland. ' Not her ! not my wifo !' faltered tha old man. rising to his trembling feet. 'She did not — I mean 'she could -not help doing what she did. She was under the control of that man. Do not ar rest her, for God's sake. It will Mil her/ ' Uncle, they will not take her ; they will not find her,' whispered Buth, as the old man sank down exhausted. She took his hands and caressed them, and soothed him with murmured words as if he had been a child. He was scarcely more than one, though his intellect would Sash up pp casionally with fitful strength. The case was formally dismissed frotfi oourt, the prisoner received his honorable discharge, and Mr. Boultby said : ' You must all come ho.me with m« now and have a rest and some luncneon before you return to'Witch Lake. j Philip Harland passed down the aisle, leaning on his son's arm, while Euth stayed him on the other side. The crowd cheered, and the old man tried to smile and nod to the congratulations that greeted them as they jsassed, but still his eyes glanced wistfully around. He was looking for a fair face he was never to see again. \- Mr. Bolltby had tried to find De Castro to include him in his invitation — as was right, since Carlos had been active in his help to bring about the happy denouement. Euth, too, looked for him. He had come with her into the courtroom, and ehe had afterward had the happiness of seeing* him grasp Brentwood's hand with tears of sympathy in his dark eyes. But when the three who were akin had drawn close together, and he had seen that E.uth was entirely happy, Carlos slipped away. It came true what Evtth had said. The ord«r of arrest for perjury did not find Selma Harland or her companion in guilt. The officer was told that they had ridden off fast in the direction of Witeb, Lake before court wais dismissed ; but on going to Witch Lake he found no one but Monk, whp reported in her graphic style that ' Hagan and Miss Harlum done come and gone agin, long 'nough ago. Dey rid up in a gallop, an' Hagan tell Miss Harlum to go quick an' git all de money an' jewelry she got,and while she gone he walk de floor like mad and drink whisky outen a tickler he take from his pocket ; and, when she come, he go up to her and say : ' Tell me, has I gone mad ? Was it h\m I saw standin* dare alive ? An' dat girl ! I saw her standin' by . him. No ; it was her ghost ! her ghost ! I tell you she's dead. I buried her,' ' Come on, for God's sake !' Miss Harlum say. She was white as a tombstone. Dey went out, - an' I got from under de sofy an' look after dem, and seed 'enrridin' off, an3 bimeby de hosses come back-T-an' dafs all,' . CHAPTER XXX. BUXfcLS STEAJfGB BTOJSY Philip Harlaud had had his tea brought him by a loving hand, and had fallen asleep through Butt's soothing ministrations in his comfortable bed at Witch Lake.- Slipping her hand out .of his, Euth 'crept ;out of the ropm and went ^back to. the parlour, where she had left Brentwood and De Castro. She found her cousin there alone. ' Now for your story,' he said, drawing her to a seat by him. ' I would not ask before my father — he has been agitated too much to-day i but I confess to be burning, with curiosity to know how this little hand -unlocked the mystery. My father says he owes all to you. I knew you had a magic art, dearest, but I did not know that you could bring the dead to life. Ay, and bring your self to life. They told me you were dead, aftd I welcomed death myself, when lo ! you come to me from some angel-land, leading the one. J. bad so mourned as dead. It seems marvellous ; I can not fathom it. How did you find the truth about iny father?' ' I found it where the old adage saTs truth is always found— at the . bottom of a welj/ . ' Now you are jesting, Ruth/ ? 'Jesting ! no. I tell you it was no jest to me —the bottom of that well. Yet but for it J would never have found my. uncle/ They she told him of her midnight adventure ; how, suspecting an evil mystery, she had followed the ' black ghost/ and had found it* to l-e Selma Harland; that she had overheard a conversation between her and the overseer which, confirmed her suspicion that there was some dark secret between them j and that,.,after Mr§. Harland hMgone, Hagan had discovered her -and tried to sefeev&er;, And had pursued her when she ran, till her flight was ended by her falling into the old troll. As the boards broke under her «nd she went down, she threw out her awns and luckily caught a branch of the' grapevine that trailed over the covered- well. - It was. .tough find sustained her weight. She ;drew it with her part of the. way down the weU before it bi»k- -jff. It lessened her fall, wul she waft only * little brgieed i-y the fall and stunned fot 'a .minute. . Some thing heavy, falling ^m. close toiler that It gfpxed liierfiead, brought herto her s«nseB. £he tooled the object and foiindHt was 4 brick. Shef^uct^l 1 ' ' to her feet as the thought came that Hagan, not certain that she was killed by the fall, was throw ing bricks down upon her to crush her. ' She heard more bricks coming down, ' Instinc tively she pressed herself against the side of the well to escape them. As she did this she felt a hollow, a kind of nook in the side of the wejl, and into this she thrust herself, half bent, just in time to shelter her head from the deadly missiles that .came crashing down in front of her. Another and another shower of bricks descended. * douched in my friendly nook/ said Euth. * I heard them rattling down, and shuddered as I thought with what deadly purpose they were thrown. If I had been outside that providentil covert I should have been crushed to mince-meat — as 'you are crushing my hand, sir.' ' Forgive me, Euth, I was thinking of that vil lain. He must be hung for this/' ' It is catching before hangingj ypuknow. IVell, there came a cessation of the brick shower, and then something fell with the ringing sound of metal. ' % heard an angry oath uttered into the well above as 'fftygnTi leaned over it. ' It is the key/ I thought ; ' the key of the tomb that he forced out of Selma's hand to-night.' I felt for it to make sure, and found it. Yes, it was the key of the tomb. I knew it by feeling. It was curiously shaped. . tf He was importunate to get this key ; he will come down the well to recover it, and he will find me,' was my £e&. .' I waited in prepense. At laot I ventured to peep cat from my shelter and look above. I dis covered that ftgrrnji was covering the top of fhe Well yith pieces of heavy timber as It seemed. H.e covered it entirely. Still, I could_see a gleam of moonlight through the cracks between the timbers. Then, these gleams were blotted out, and I knew Hagan wae throwing earth upon the timbers. Utter blackness filled the well from top to bottom. I was buried alive. Buried alive ! The horror of such a fate had sometimes tor- tured my dreams. I was now to make that horror real. X was buried alive many feet below the surface of the earth, in a lonely place, from which superstitious terror would keep away every being who might help me. I might scream till I wore out my lungs, and the sound could not reach the upper world $ or if a faint, hollow murmur pene trated through my tomb, it would strike terror Uj one who might hear it, and give wings to his feet. If I was hunted for, no one would seek me here. And it would be thought that I had left Witch Lake without warning, as I had left' Cypress Bend. No, I was buried alive, with no hope of resurrection ! ' For a moment leave way to despair, but that is not my nature- I determined that if I perished it should be while % was trying to help myself. Might there &ot; he foot-holes in the side of the wall that would enable me to climb neat the top, where, at least, I would be more likely to make my voice heard- though, if it should be heard by Hagan, I had better op silent. I stood on tiptoe and felt around the well as far up as my hands could reach. There were no holes— only smooth, .hard *»ay — bo hard that my nails could not pene trate it. Only lower down, and reaching to the bottom of the well, there was the hollow in which I had sheltered myself, and as I now found, a corresponding hollow in the opposite side of the well. (TO BE CONTIITOED.) 