A PLEA FOR THE EXPLORATION OF NEW GUINEA. BY MR. WILFRED POWELL IN THE Tall Jiitll Badrick. IT is difficult to believe that " New Guinea is the largest island in the world when one meets with such an amount of ignorance concerning it. Many men who should have known better have been heard to remark, " New Guinea ; ah, yes ! of course, in Africa to be sure." However, owing to the recent agitation in Australia for annexation, it has become better known to Europe as an immense island, containing about 12,000 square miles of land, situated to the immediate northward of Queensland, in Australia, of which it is practically a geological continuation. There are two or three noble and self-sacrificing men belonging to the London Missionary Society at work at Port Moresby, which is situated on the south coast of the eastern peninsula, and who are steadily and indefatigably labouring to bring the natives that surround their immediate neighbourhood to Christianity and civilisation. The next and only other missionary settlement is that of the Dutch in Humboldt Ray, 1200 miles distant from the former, on the north-east coast, but its influence does not appear to have extended more than a few miles from the head station ; theatre ports, with the exception of a few accounts of isolated travellers who have merely landed on the coast and journeyed a few miles inland, are absolutely all that is known of this great tract of country. One might, perhaps, have excepted. the explora- tion of the Fly Kiveanby Signor D'Albertis, which he traversed in the New South Wales steam launch Neva for a distance of perhaps 300 miles ; but as during the whole trip he had no glimpse of the interior owing to the dense scrub by which the river was garded, it can scarcely be said that he did much, geographically to explore the island. Captain Armit, who has just returned from an expedition sent by the Melbourne Argus, attained a distance of sixty miles from the sea coast, but what is that in an island some 1400 miles in length by about 500 in breadth T It appears a difficult thing to determine the cause of such a huge country remaining so long unexplored and unknown. Some very possible reasons have, however, been urged by writers on the subject ; the exclusiveness of Dutch rule in the Malay Islands to the north-west ; the diversion of the stream of civilisation to Australia ; the great dangers of navigation in the unknown waters of the coast in sailing vessels, and also from the fear produced by the reports circulated by the Malays of the ferocity and treachery of the native inhabitants. All these reasons combined may very possibly have acted as a deterrent to the advance of trade and civilisation in this quarter. Most imaginary fears, however, soon depart on being resolutely faced, and recent travellers on the coast, instead of meeting with the treacherous and unmanageable natives they were led to suppose by report they should found that in almost all cases they were delighted to see a white man, that is when they found that he was neither a ghost nor a devil ; indeed, even when they could not quite divest themselves of their preconceived idea that he must be one or the other, they were pleased to receive the wonderful beads and red cloth, which they supposed to have come from the other side of the sky. In the north, from the eastern side of the bight of Geelvink Bay, may on a clear day be seen the huge range of Charles Louis or Snowy Mountains, some of which have been roughly estimated as reaching a height of from 16,000 to 20,000ft. at all events they are seen to carry snow on their summits, which, in a tropical climate, proves them to be of considerable altitude. This range of i mountains is considered to be of the utmost . scientific value, as it will very possibly be ascertained that it actually divides the flora and fauna of Ada from that of Australasia, and on their summits may be found plants, mosses, and lichens such as are observed on the Alps, or even on our own Snowdon. No doubt this cargo extends as a backbone throughout the island from north-west to south-east, one final terminating in the Finisterre Range in Cape King William on the east coast; the other, branching off somewhere into the interior, extending throughout the south- eastern peninsula and terminating at China. traits. ^ At present only two rivers of any considerable magnitude are known to take their rise in these mountains. One, the Fly River, already partially explored, which (Possibly takes its rise aunt where the fifth Parallel of latitude cuts the main range, tfloivs,8outhwards, and falls into the Gulf of Papua. The other, taking its rise apparently from the northern side of the Snowy Moun- Plains, shows northwards with such immense volume that the sea is rendered brackish at a distance of sixty miles it ran its numerous mouths, situated on the eastern shores of <Seolvink:Eay. This river is known as the Ambernojj, and is as yet quite unexplored. There can, however, be little doubt that it will prove if fairly navigable for boats, the quickest route to the interior and the Charles Louis Mauritius, whose melted snow probably áíelngieatly to swell the body of its waters. What a vast field telescope to the explorer ' Absolutely nothing is Jensen, and almost*nythüig to be anticipated,! by the first who penetrated into this primeval and unbroken solitude. It is a page (from the history of ancient explorers, passed down to the present day unwritten. When new speciesmaj-not.be hidden in the interior, remaining (braces of those that are now considered extinct ; new fish to be added to natural history ; the home of this bird of paradise, of which up to the present so few species are known. Indeed, the (little knowledge that we have of the national ills story of this island leads us to socialism strange things. Here only is the tree lady gates found, and several other animals might be mentioned did space permit which have almost opened a new era in zoology. M jraI Clohessy «Uscribesîiaving observed . Wie droppings of a large Animal, which appeared to be similar to that of the rhino «*os,ihut may possibly have been that of some large marsupial. %e formation of the island is enough to raise the expectation of the geologist to the highest peel. What new fossils, what for- dons of strata may not be discovered ! yet the inhabitants of the interior nothing is known. Whether it be a vast tract of uninhabited covery or thickly populated remains to be ascertained. The old legend of 66 ? « ye Spanish navigators is still more raised about white people with long beards, reciting a strange language, and clothed Bertouch like the ancient Jews, a story which may be taken for what it is worth, i s t it is within the bounds of possibility that ancient structure may be found, simi- j lar to those existing in Otilan and Panay Islands in the Marshall group, and which it is not going too far to say have been built by a prehistoric race of men, at a period when a continent connected all those islands with New Guinea, where now the Pacific Ocean rolls between. Thus we see this huge and List remaining absolute terra incognita, of the size of France and England together, has possibilities to allure almost all branches of science. Nor is commerce the least attractive portion of its resources, for little as the island is known it is found, to produce many articles of value to the white man, and which may easily be obtained by barter from the natives. It is much to be hoped that, should this island, or part of it, be come a possession of the British Empire, it will be for the advantage of the rightful owners of the soil, and not be a recurrence of such wrong and robbery as has often without doubt been the herald of civilisa- tion. "Land-grabbing" is the curse that awaits the natives of this island unless there be strong measures taken to prevent it. Exploration will not only help forward the cause of science, but will let in the light of civilisation on this " dark island." One expedition will perhaps do little towards this yet it is the thin end of the wedge, which, once entered, will continually widen until the whole island is bathed in the light of civilisation. 