The Land Bill. TO THE EDITOR OF THE DAILY TELEGRAPH. Sir, — I can nsmre Mr O'Sulllran thatl had not the slightest intention of challenging him to a platform discussion on the Land Bill, and 1 think he mis- aDurfhends at whose exneuse was the lanchter to which he alludes. If I were thought worthy, I shonld be glad to have an opportunity of explaining to tbe electors of Sydney the main principles of the Land Bill, and I hope I would he able to throw that light npon tbem which their opponents have done so much lo otscurc. Had 1 not been interrupted at Mr Ranktn's meeting, with the assent of the very few vho in response to Mr O'Sullivan'a obtrusive interference gave " three hearty groans"' for the Land Bill, I wonld have shown that the objectionable i featnrcs in tbe two clauses, npon the demerits of which Mr Rauken was so severe, were maintained by overwhelming majorities from both sides of the Honse — tbnt Mr Copeland, who is the most advanced land reformer in Parliament, was almost left alone in his attempt to change the con- titntion of tho land court. The fact is, public opinion is not yet sufficiently educated to accept an Real land miasnre, and statesmen never try to bnild np institutions nntil foundations strong enough to support them have been prepared by the labonr of years. Mr Ranken has so laboured, and ir he doea rot find in his own sonn'ry the honour he deserves, it will be awarded to him in Qoeensland. Bnt it does seem to me a political blander, for which no defcnct can be made, for those who agree with the numerons admitted reforms proposed in the Lund Bill to throw themselves into the arms of those who are opposed to cvory reform. The bill concedes oimons advantages to selectors and squatters -.vuh. r.t injury to the public, not one of which would be -Ten by the "implacable ghost" of 1800, who hovers -rund his condemned offspring, ready to devonr all nterloping land reformers, be they the anthors of t-.e 'tnd report, or Mr Heydon,or MrO'Sullivan. — Y -ura, Ac.. AUGUSTUS MORRIS. Sydney, 2nd August. / 