NEEDLES: "Short, sharp, shiny." The Ball Open. Colton's Defiance. Bray to-day. Was it Ebby's? Bray not a prophet. Relief to 145 families. Mr. Colton's godson. How about the noses? Mr. Howe took the oath. Sharpers still to the fore. More laborers leaving town. Spofforth destructive at last. Look after your clothes-lines. Victorian Parliament opened. Blowing last night and raining. Newspaper tax discussion shortly. Country visitors being "plucked." How nice to be a verdant member. A Royal Commission on drainage. Tuesdays, Wednesdays, Thursdays. Reported outbreak of smallpox false. Fruit-salt Eno has got an injunction. The whips in full play this afternoon. Small scores in the Yorkshire match. King William-road has been improved. Doubtful members eagerly looked after. Who drew up the no-confidence motion? New English church for the Semaphore. The week's washing of a detective stolen. Another navvy on the Nairne line injured. Just fancy going to the fount of the law to steal. Please give us a bit of sunshine, Mr. Weather clerk. Now sheepfarmers try the African sheep bush. Responsible Government "dragged in the mire." "She Stoops to Conquer"—special command night. Capital punishment is to be abolished in Finland. Victorian Parliament doesn't like its board of health. Something short, sharp, and shiny at the House to-day. Mr. Hardy wants a higher rate of speed for the Protector. The London Thunderer has become a con- vert to cremation. Legislative Council soon got rid of the Address in Reply. There are now only 18,000 Quakers in Groat Britain and Ireland. Five million gallons of beer are produced annually in New Zealand. If a town abuts on the sea how can it be "surrounded by hundreds?" General Relief Committee have appointed an executive committee. Persons having Government relief prefer to go to Alderman Kither's soup kitchen. The public schools in Paris are regularly visited once a month by a medical inspector. The Hon. J. Colton does not only mean to try to carry his amendment, but says he will carry out. Philip Phillips, the singing pilgrim, has sustained a sad loss in the death of his son James. The society for promoting German immi- gration in America has 490 lodges and about 30,000 active members. One cattle dealer in Chicago has on the ocean 20 vessels, each of which carries 500 head to foreign ports. W. H. Vanderbilt has given Matthew Riley the trotting horse Leander, which Vanderbilt himself bought for £2,000. Voluptuary, this year's winner of the Liver- pool Grand National Steeplechase, was bred by the Queen at Hampton Court. A joint-stock company, owning the largest iron foundry in Hungary, has decided to ad- mit their workmen to a participation in the profits. A telegram from New York announces the death of Joseph Cushing, the first circus pro- prietor who took a show to Europe from America. Prince Krapotkine has asked to be allowed to remain at Clairvaux Prison, because he can carry on his scientific researches there, being near Paris. The London correspondent of the New York Tribune alleges that the large circulation of Henry George's works in England is due to gratuitous circulation. Mario, when his children were young, counselled them to keep diaries, and his daughter has given many valuable notes from hers to her father's biographer. Tempting offers have been made for Lady Bell, the yearling sister to the champion winner Le Grand, but her owner, Mr. Kent, declines to part with her for less than £2,500. The American "plunger," Walton, has squared up his accounts with the English ring, which amounted to about £7,000, and purposes renewing turf operations in Eng- land. Professor Ball, the Astronomer-Royal for Ireland, in an address on comets, considered that the meteoroids seen as shooting stars in 1866 were actually the remains of the tails of comets. The Bishop of Manchester, England, gives it as his opinion that the services of the Church of England have not become more devout and helpful by the introduction of more music. General Gordon, it is said, has caused an Arabic text to be conspicuously inscribed over his throne in the palace of Khartoum, a translation of which is, "God rules over the hearts of men." A writer in the "Century" has collected statistics showing that 1,500 murders were committed in the United States last year, while the number of legal executions was only ninety-three. A prison inspector in Pennsylvania has per- suaded the authorities to allow the prisoners the use of tobacco and snuff, urging that the loss of tobacco had caused the Health of the men to suffer materially. Charles Dickens's home on Gad's Hill, London, is still cared for with due reverence for the novelist's wishes. The library is just as it was when he died, and nothing in the room has been disturbed. As to overwork in schools, it has been re- marked by a recent writer that the difficulty we have to face is the inevitable result of at tempting to educate a multitude of children by one process and up to one standard. According to latest news from Persia a new sect has sprung up there. Its members are called Baabys, and they profess a religion which is a curious amalgamation of Chris- tianity, Mohammedanism, and Pantheism. The complete work of Meissonier consists of 420 pictures. He is now on a canvas which is nearly 10 feet long, representing the Chevalier Bayard and Francis I. saluting in a company of brilliantly equipped warriors. "The Life of Frederick the Great," by Colonel C. B. Brackenbury, R.A., will be published very shortly by Messrs. Chapman and Hall. A main point dealt with is the part played in the battles of the last century by the various arms of the service. Robert Browning will issue a new volume consisting of twelve poems in blank verse, in the course of the spring. Each poem will be independent, and yet a connecting thread of thought will run through the whole book, making it form one poem with a lyrical pro- logue and epilogue. M. Girard, director of the Paris Muni- cipal Laboratory, says that the chemical knowledge applied to the concoction of spurious foods and drinks is of a very high order, and would suffice to make the fortunes of the adulterators a dozen times over if applied in an honest capacity. A thrilling ghost story is said to have been recently written by a girl of 15, the daughter of an English peer who bears a famous name, which he himself has made more famous both as poet, as politician, and as pro-consul. The story has as yet been printed for private circulation only. It is supposed that its young author's name is Lytton. Much amusement has been created in the House of Commons by the discovery of the manuscript of an undelivered speech on the Reform Bill accidentally dropped by a mem- ber, in addition to a verbatim report of the remarks which the gentleman intended to offer. The manuscript was plentifully inter- spersed with "hear, hear," "cheers," and "laughter." The following "ads" are taken from the Dublin Freeman:—"Wanted an humble girl; wages £4 a year and found." "Wanted as general servant, a girl who can wash, plain cook, and mend; wages £5 a year and found." "Wanted strong active girl as general ser- vant; wages £6." "Wanted strong girl for house of business; wages £4." Why don't they emigrate? 