General News. An eagle shot a while since in Lapland had around its neck a hrass chain fastened to a small tin box. In this box was a paper, on which was written, 'Caught and set free again in 1792, by si. and C Anderson, neotod in Falster, Denmark.' Had it been let alone, the eagle would soon have been able to cele brate its centenary. A Unique Exhibition, says the Paris Figaro, has just been held in Vienna, 'a Nose Show.' There were ' prizes for the most remarkable, the most beautiful, and the most humorous.' No ladies could, however be induced to compete. The gainer of the first prize was a Viennese of gentle birth. ' Nasography,' states our contemporary, ' is to supplant the more ancient science of ' phrenology,' the nose being looked on as a more certain exponent of individualism than the bump of cranium theory.' Ladies CRlCKet. — A few years ago Australian ladies generally were scandalised to hear that a number of their sex had played a cricket match at Beneigo. In Wiltshire the game is growing in favor amongst ladies, and last week Miss Curzon captained a ladie's eleven against a gentlemen's eleven near Salisbury. The Hon. Mrs. Curzon, Lady, Bathurst, and Mrs. Baring (a relative of Lorth Northbrook) were spectators. The new style of cricket has equalled lawn tennis in popularity in Wilts. The gentlemen bat with broomsticks and field and bowl with the left hand only. Sagacity of a Pony. — The Gttndagtd Times relates that one night a gentleman started from Adelong to Grahamstown, but when he reached the summit of the 'Devil's Elbow' he thought it better to dismount and lead his pony, he not being very familiar with that dangerous part of the road. The night was very dark and he did not notice the sud den turn, and was going straight ahead when the pony caught hold of his coat with his teeth, and thus prevented him from falling over the side. __ Such sagacity as this is seldom experienced, ani the gentleman consequently swears eternal friendship to the pony which undoubtedly saved his life. Great alarm prevailed at Iowa by last accounts, at the prospect . of an outbreak of cholera there. It ?was entirely caused by the great mortality that was observed to prevail among the smaller birds, thousands of which were picked up dead and dying in the vicinity of Madison and the whole district round Lake Mendota. It is notorious that these birds, the swallows in particular, fly before the approach of cholera; from which it is reasonable to conclude that the air-bome germs are as fatal to them as to man. Shakspeare notices the nice sense of atmospheric delicacy possessed by the swallow. 'Where they most breed and haunt I hrve observed the air is delicate,' says King Duncan in ' Macbeth.' The alarm in this instance is, however, probably a false one. Royal Aquarium. — Yesterday, at the Royal Aquarium, a select company assembled to witness a new and an interesting exhibition, introduced by Mr. Farina, and described as 'The Pigmies; or, Dwarf Earthmen of Africa,' from beyond the district known as the ' Kulabri.' The group of dwarfs consists of six specimens, five of one family, and a young female — whose parents had run away — belong- ing to another tribe. The chief or head is con sideredagiantofbis race, although only 4ft. lin. The others are much shorter ; and the young est, a child six years of age, is about 2%il. They are a peculiar race, and, having no know ledge of building huts, huddle together, bur rowing under ground, with a comically-shaped mound of earth over them. A description of their habits was given by Mr. Farini. Pleuro-Pneumonia. — We are sorry to have to chronicle the appearance of this virulent disease in our midst. It appears that it has been detected in a mob of travelling cattle from Queensland, that were paddocked in the neigh borhood of Kangaroo Flat, about three miles from Gawler. Two Inspectors have visited them, and three of the beasts were killed yesterday. We believe the cattle are still in the neighborhood, and think every precaution should be taken to prevent the spread of the fearful disease amongst our dairy cattle. We are informed that the beasts when killed were skinned, and that half a beast was taken away, whether for human food or to feed the pigs we do not know. In either case it is, to say the least injudicious, if not culpable, as it mar lead to the spread of the disease. Our local boards need be on the alert or a fearful visita tion may come upon us. We may state, however, that none of our local butchers had anything to do with the removal of the dead beast. — Bunyip. A Law-abiding People. — It is not whh out cause (says the Pall Mall Budget) that to the English has been instructed the work of maintaining law and order amid so many .millions of the human race. In their own capitals they show all other peoples an example of law-abiding orderliness for which we seek elsewhere in vaia. A correspondent in the Times sends some figures as to the garrison of London, which are well worth more attention than they are likely to receive. The following table brings them more into relief : — City. Population. Troops. Police, ^[jg^5 London .. 3,814,571 4,874 12,642 16 Paris .. .. 1,938,748 14,000 12,500 146 Berlin.. .. 1,118,000 25,000 3,403 18 Vienna . . 1,020,707 30,000 2,629 23 St. Petersburg 670,000 22,000 2,800 — But even this shows too large a proportion of jolice for London and too small a population. In 1880-1 Mr. Howard Vincent estimated the lumber of inhabitants at 4,814,858, and ihe 1'iiiiber of police in the police district at on y 9.89O. Men who have devoted the:r lives to science or to literature often live to a very great age. They enjoy, as a rule, a small competence, their existence is tranquil, their hours are regular, their life is simple; and the exercise -f their faculties upon a congenial subject is a s a labour of love, which is a stimulus to the odily system rather than a strain upon it. M. Chevreul, professor cf chemistry in the University ol Paris, has just chmpletcd his linety-eighth year, so that he is nearly as old as Sir Mosjs Montefiore. He still lectures every week. He is in perfect health. He retains all his faculties. He walks without a stick. He has lived under the Old Monarchy, :he first Republie, the Directory, the Consulate, ?he First Empire, the First Restoiation,, the Hundred Days, the Second Restoration, the Monarchy of July, the Second Republic, the Second Empire, and the present Republic But be has never hild an office, or taken any part in politics. He is a member of almost ivery scientific souety in the world. His dis coveries have revolutionised more than one of the leading indu: trial arts. Notably, we owe o him the invention of soluble chocolate and cocoa. The University of Paris, in its corpor ite capacity, is about to give a banqnet in his lonour. The distinction is a remarkable one. But M. Chevreul is a remarkable man, and richly deserves it Wearing Beards. — How many people remember the time when a bearded man was as great a curiosity in Piccadilly as a bearded woman would now be? Vet it was but the other day so to speak, That a respectable mer chant would have been thought out of his mind tad he appeared in his counting house wearing even a pair of moustaches, much more a full beard. England and the United States wear dean shaven as to the mouth and chin down to the outbreak of the European revolution of 1848\. A contemporary tells us that the first bearded member of the House of Commons was George Frederick Muntz the representive of Birmingham, father of the present member. He was regarded as very eccentric, rather crazy, and a great curosity altogether. The first bearded peer was the Duke of Newcastle, Lord Aberdeen's war minister, whose beard was a consequence of his visit to the seat of war in the Crimea. He sat for his portrait to Mr. George Richmond, who lamented that the beard had spoilt ' the finest mouth in England.' Prince Albert was the first person near the throne who wore moustaches from the days of King Charles I, of our own time and President Grant was the first bearded President of the United States. President Lincoln simply wore the all round chin whiskers which spoil the outline expression of the ' human face divine.' What is a married man ? Such is the ques tion which is at present seriously exercising the minds of many persons in authority who are charged with the duty of getting up shooting competitions among Volunteers. Men who have been married but whose wives are dead are beginning to complain that they are some times excluded from such tournaments, and they argue that this is unfair. Their position is then rather perplexing. They are never classed, or never have been classed, as 'bachelors,' and cannot be permitted to join 3\. bachelor' team. To prevent widowers from shooting with married men in the ' married and single' matches, which are so popular in certain parts of the country, is to disqualify them altogether. Nor can a remedy be found ia letting them compete as widowers. In few districts are there enough widowers to form a competent shooting team — and when it happens that* a widower is a champion shot, the bachelors are apt to take a mean advantage of their opponents by insisting on excluding him from their squad. We cannot pretend to decide a question of such grave import. On the one hand, if a married man be a man who has been married, a widower is one. If an unmarried man is one who may marry, a widower is a bachelor. Then the question is still further complicated, it seems to us, by the s'atus of persons who have been divorced by or who have divorced their wives. How are they to be classed ? Among cricketers we believe the usual practice is to let widowers play with the 'bachelors'; but many sage votaries of the national game have given opinions adverse to this usage. In relation, however, to the status at divorces, precedent and practice alike fail to guide us. Phenomenal. — A mare owned by Mr. W. Wilson, of Mount Barker; which has reached the patriarchal (equine) age of twenty-three years, has just surprised Her master and his neighbors by bringing forth a strong and healthy foal. The case is the more remarkable, inas much as this is the first occasion on which she has attained the dignity of mother-hood. There can be no doubt as to the age of the mare, for she was bred by Mr. Wilson's father and has been in the possession of the family ever since. — Mt. Barker Courrier. London Railways. — The inner circle of the underground railway has lgtejy been com pleted, and soirie startling statistics were given by Sir Edward Waiidn at the opening luncheon. The underground railway in its day of 21 hours runs 1,691 trains per diem, Soo trains passing Cannon-street station daily. Truly, as- the Chairman remarked, there is no such thing elsewhere in the world. The net cost of the line between the Mansion House and Trinity Square, adistance of 1,200 yards, is .£1,034,003. If the cost between the Mansion-House station and King William's statue be taken into account, the cost is a thousand guineas a yard, and adding Trinity Square, £30 an inch. Last year 125 millions of journeys were made at an average fare of 1 Jf d over the lines worked by the Metropolitan and District Railway Companies. Smoking and Cricket. — The Cricketers1 Fund match, and last of the year, was played at Lord's, and it was a lucky instinct which led to the division ol the players engaged into ' Smokers v. Non-soiokers,' for the languid interest ot the fag-end of the season needed a stimulant, and the advantages of a smart title and 'a good party cry' in their respective spheresofinfluencecanhardlybeover-estimated. Happy in its title, the benefit match was no less fortunate in the weather, which was mid summer repeated, barring the shorter daylight; and although London is nominally empty at present more than 11,000 persons paid at the gate during the two days, thus yielding a handsome bonus to the fund. Of the Australian team Spofforth, Palmer, McDonell, and Giffen were ranged on the smokers side, and Murdoch Bannerman, Scott, and Bonnor were non smokers. Fortune cleared from the beginning for the party who had abjured the sedative weed. They won the toss, which proved a good omen to them, for Bonncr, who came fourth to the wickets, with a score of 34.; made 133 runs, the greatest number he has ever gained in this country ; anil when the first innings of his side was over, the score had reached 250. His batting was so tremendous that the great Australian bowler, Spofforth, was more severly tried than at any match he has played in England. It was nearly 5 in the afternoon when the smokers began batting, and they were unfortunate at the wijket, Blackham, who would have been of their side, being out of the contest through a lame hand. Moreover, the twilight soon began to gather, and when the stumps were drawn they had lost 4 wickets and scored only 23 runs. They resumed play on Tuesday morning with a good sky above them, but did not succeed in even temporarily disturbing the non-smokers' chances. Their first innings closed at 1,40 p.m., leaving them in a minority of 139, which their second innings only raised to 152. It was then twenty minutes to 6 o'clock, and the non-sinoking side had, in their turn, very insufficient light ; but needing only 14 run;, they preferred to go on, and by a few minutes after 6 had won the game, their second man at the wickets being still in. Among the smoking professionals the fine bowling of Peate has won especial praise. — BelFs Life. A Ghost Story. — A very singular story, which forms one of the sensational social topics of the day, is the best authenticated of the many stories of the supernatural that have been ately told. Only a short time ago a young, and well-known artist, Mr. A., was invited to piy a visit to his distinguished friend, Mr. Izzard. The house was filled with guests, bat a large and handsome room was placed at his disposal, apparently one of the best in the house. For three days he had a delightful visit, delightful in all particulars save oae ; he had each night a horrible dream. He dreamed — or was really — suddenly awakened py some person entering his room, and on looking around saw the room brilliantly lighted, white at the window stood a lady, elegantly attired, in the act of throwing something out. This accomplished, she turned her face towards the only spectator, showing a countenance so distorted by evil passions that lie was thrilled with horror. Soon the light and the figure with the dreadful face disappeared, leaving the artist suffering from a frightful nightmare. On returning to his city houie he was so haunted by the dreadful countenance which had for three consecutive nights troub'ed him, that he made a sketch of it, and so real that the evil expression ssened to horrify every one who saw it. Not a great while after, tbe artist went to make an evetung visit on Mr. Izzard. That gentleman invited him to his picture gallery, as he wished to show him some remarkable old family portraits. What was Mr. A.'s surprise to recognize among them, in the likeness of a stately, well-dressed lady, the one who had so troubled his slumbers on his previous visit, lacking, however, the revolting wicked expression. Soon ns he saw it he iavoluntarily exclaimed, ' Why, I have seen that lady.' ' Indeed,' said Mr. I., smiling ; ' that is hardly possible, as she died more than a hundred years ago. She was the second wife of my great-grandfather, and reflected any thing but credit on the family. She was strongly suspected of having murdered her husband's son by a former marriage in order to make her own child heir to the property. The unfortunate boy broke his neck in a fall from the window, and there is every reason to believe that he was precipitated from the window by his stepmother.' The artist then told his host the circumstance of his thrice repeated experience or dream, and sent for his sketch, which, so far as the features were con cerned, was identical with the portrait in Mr. Izzard's gallery. The sketch has since been photographed, but, from its hideous expression, is far from pleasant to; look upon. — Boston Courier (U.S.) 