traveller. Three Weeks In Southland, N.Z, BY FBUIE MOBLEY. (ColmKDED.) THE oonntry between Invercargill and Wallace Town is very patchy, some of it being very good and a large part of it very moon the reverse, ttoree hedges are a oonspionous feature in the landscape, some o! whioh are well-kept and neatly trimmed, while others are allowed te grow at their awn sweet will.; As a harbor for rabbit* gone hedges oannot be exoelled; but the people ot Southland seem to have got the better ot the little pest by means ot phosphorieed oats, and now ap parently hold him in oontempt. I oannot say that I altogether agree with this view of the rabbit question; bnt the people of the lliddle bland, and especially the Inveroargill portion ot it, have had a bitter experience ot the jieet, and they ought to know their own business. For my part,.I have not seen a rabbit yet, although I have detected indica tions ot their pnasnoe. Mr. Ellis, of the Five Divers estate, whose place at one time was alive with rabbits, and who tried in turn erery possible and impossible means of get ting tnsm under, informs me that he cleared hH land by the systematic DM of phosphorised oats. Of coarse he aeeg other means, (uah as hunting them with dogs and fumigating; but nntil he adopted the poison the task was hopeless. He had as many as eighteen packs ot dogs at one time engaged in the war without, Ippatently.the slightest effect.1 The poifoned oats are laid down during the" winter months, when the teed is at its worst, and the rabbits, taking it greedily, are destroyed wholesale. The weak point of this system is that they are allowed to in orcase during the spring, summer, and antumn, which is a considerable handioap in favor of an animal whose natural but somewhat portentous rate of increase is suob, that one' pair, if left alone for four years, and barring aooiaents and slokness in their numerous families, will have increased at the end of the fourth year to the respec table total of five millions. I state this ad visedly, for I have made the calculation. While on the matter of statistics I may as well give a few more figures which bear upon a brighter aspeot of the farming question in Southland, and whioh were obtained from B gentleman, whoBe veracity is nnimpeaohable. As indicating the capacity of some of the land for stook carrying, when under turnips, they are somewhat remarkable. The area of the land was 44 acres. The crop was turnips. The sheep were wire netted on to the orop, the wire netting being shifted as often as re quited. The following stock were kept in improving condition upon till 44 acres i 450 rams for 12 weeks. 1500 merino ewea fox 5 weeks. 2000 wethera {or 2 weeks. _ . A. very simple o&loolfition; shows that this is equal to 118,300 sheep for one da; on 44 eergs; or 2,689 sheep xox 1 day on 1 acre ; or 7 and 2-5ths sheep upon every acre for 12 months. This ia certainly not al>ad result, consider, ing that the land is left in the beat possible condition lor sowing a crop, or for laying down in gran. . , Wallaoo Town is a hamlet, consisting o! a public-boose, a blacksmith's shop, a few email stores, and about twenty or thirty houses. The Makerewa Biver, whioh a little higher op, is known as the Oreti runs close to the township, and appears to divide the good land from the bad, us there are little or no signs of cultivation on the eastern side ot the river, while on the western side evidenoe is seen on every hand in the homesteacta of farmers, and stacks ot oats and wheat dotted about in every direotion. This is more evident beyond Winton, A township on the Kingston line ot railway about eighteen miles from Invercargill. On the morning of Jane 4th I left Invar oargill lor Vinton by the 6.45 train. I bad left orders the previous night to o&U; me at 6.80; and taking my shower- bath by candle light, and snatching a hasty breakfast, I fol lowed the boots and general utility man of the Albion who, by the way, ia a childlike and bland son of the Celestial Empire, to the railway station, whither John trtmdlsd my portmanteau on bis inevitable wheelbarrow* The occupants of the carriage along with me were a stalwart Scotchman who, bung a comparative stranger to the district, dad not seem to know moon about anything, and a little, bright-looking, elderly Bootoh woman. with a fresh oomplexion and teeth as sound as a bell and as white as milk, who seemed to know a great deal about everything. I speedily got into conversation with the Scotchman, who began displaying his local ignpranoe with as much faoility as I showed thirst tor information. " That looks pretty frit land," I said, glanc ing out ot the carriage window at a beautiful undulating ooontry which, ia the western dis trict ot Victoria, oould not have been bad land Kit tried. . . " "Oh, aye, its no bad, ye ken, says the Scotchman; but he had not time to finish his qualified assent when the old lady, who had been reading in a very bad light and without ipeotadee the "Life ot Prince Ijeo pold," broke In eagerly, to a rioh Dorio ao cent, which sounded sweetly in my ears,as mV grandmother was a Scotchwoman, "Its tiaad land! biad land I it wont grow any thing. All the land about here is baad. The gbod land la all ovtor there," pointing to the west, "the man who had that Una was ndned; it ruined three men, and will rain «»eryia» that take* it."; . Then the oonntsation becoming general, I learned that the old lady had lived 81 years in the district; that she, and her brothers, and relations generally, owned a lot ot land over where It was good, and that they farmed largely; that shs had very decided opinions about the "young wives who never went Into their dairies, bat employed dairy maids to spoil butter," and in general that the land was very .patohy, and that it behoves people investing ia luid to be very careful, all of which I do mftBt implicitly believe. More oven, the explained that the railway from Invercargill to Kingston went through some of the wbrnUiodinthedlBtriot,with the exception of that through which the railway runs be tween ths Blofl and Invercargill. She also propounded the theory, or, rather aerated the ifteti that the rivsr divides the good land fromthehad; but my subsequent investigations lead me to infer that this is not universally Applicable. I am sorry to say that I mult have caqsed the good lady alittle pain by a hasty remark, on catching my first eight of Win ton, to the effect- that it was not a very inviting locking place. But die immediately made me conlettmt ot my blonder by saying; "Indeed, I think it is a verynioe place;" whereupon I utterly stultified myself by frflffctiy assenting to ner diatom, and explain ing that I had not got a proper view of it. Then, bidding the old. lady e. friendly adieu, I walked to my hotel,' followed by, my ever' lasting portmanteau in the everlasting wheel barrow. float White, who is somewhat ot« horsey man, and a very good fellow, furnished as with a hone, a better heck than which I never wish to ride; and, taking the precau tion to lumish myself with a pair ot kan garoo-skin leggings, oosttag at tbe local shoe makers one poond, I prooeeeded to inspeot a -property on the Oretl Plain, to whioh my at tention had been directed. The <dd lady's assertion that the good land lay on the other sideof the river, was verified on this Oocaeion, as I noticed but few signs of settlement onta j ttoesed the Oreti Bridge, although I «alMd a number ol drays loaisdwith p∈ andooming from the direotion towards whioh 1 was making. The bed of the Oreti consists ot shingle, a kind ot date pebble, from the size ot a bean to that of a well grown potato, only that the pebble or stonea are flat. The ourrents of foe Haw Zealand rivers are rapid, and in times of flood the water must pour down m immense volumes, and with tremendous toFOo; the conse^nmoe ot whioh ia that the shingle whioh constitutes the beds and sides | of the rivers is constantly shifting. When I passed the Oreti bridge 1 tound two men re-1 miring the damage done to the approaches a recant flood, and making a shield ot anuka scrub to reoeive the foroe of the water and prevent the aides ot tbe river near the bridge from being more damaged. But it is a pretty eight to stand upon the Oreti bridge tad see the clear sparkling stream rippling over its ehingly bed, while away in the distance are the snow capped mountains, from whioh it takes its rise, shooting up their variously shaped points bt frosted silver into the cleat sky, a"" forming an almost perfeot amphi* theatre enclosing the great Oreti plain, which is estimated to contain 200,000 acres of land fit for the plough, farmers' holdings are dotted all over tbe plain, and well thatohed stacks are to bo seen everywhere. Far away to the west, nestling under the foothills whioh lie at the base ol the blue snow-capped moun tains , little white specks oan be seen through the dear crisp atmosphere, at a distance of twenty to thirty miles; and these are the bouses of farmers also. When I was told that these houses were twenty or thirty miles away I opened my eyes (for I am not an " e&rth-fUttener; " as Mr. Proctor, the editor ot Knowledge and the astronomer, oalls those theorists who maintain that, the earth is an extended plain) and I naturally thought the rotundity ot the earth would have oonaealed them at that distanoe; but probably the ground rises towards the mountains, and therefore my informant might have been no liar although I went very near thinking that he was practising on my credulity. I returned to Winton abont three o'olook, quite satisfied that the land whioh I bad inspected was oapable ot being made into valuable farms, and that in the meantime it could be used to advantage tor grazing purposes. Returning along tbe road I picked up a companion, who turned out to be an old Vio torian. From the style of his seat on horse back he was evidently not a bushman; and my insatiable thirst for information was not likely to be satisfied on the subject ol soils, as he very honestly informed me that he knew mora about building houses than tilling land. "Bnt its a grand oumate this, mon, and a r I nrahfl ooRntiT I there's a wheen o guld land ! 1 Sbw? to, wi k«. c'ltabad enough toot its gy'an mixed ye ken, wad it ye'll be taken1 , my advioo ye'll look aboot ye before doing onything in a hurry." " They grow good crops ol wheat and oats about here, dont they? ' I Mid. "Oh, aye I grand crops, grand erops; but the prioes are a bit low, ye ken. Na'theless, the farming bodiee a* eeem to get along ; and U ve're thinkio' o' settling ye eboald do well if ye're carefu'; an* then ye'll want to build a bit hoose, and if yon do TOD oan apply to the firm of , ana they'll do it right ior T°Ohetting thus we made our way baek to the township of Winton; and my companion, who informed me that he had been brought np to the benoh, and who knew a good deal .bout timber, pointed out the black and white pine, the Totaro, and the Bemo as #e passed through the bush, and bemoaned the rapid destruction of those valuable timber trees whioh is now going on tbrongh the reckless action of the innumerable saw mills whioh are planted everywhere about the oountry. The New Zealand bush is very different from that of Australia, and muohmore pleas ing. It seems to be soattared about in dumps here and there, leaving wide spaoes, suoh as the Oreti, the Waimate, and Dipton Plains auite devoid of trees for extensive areas. Bnt one cannot travel far without seeing dumps of timber, known under suoh local names as Heddon Bosh, Centre Bosh, Hill-end Bush, Dipton Bush, and so on, all of whioh bear a somewhat similar character. The New Zea-, land bush is ever green j and there u a dense under growth of Supple Jack, Clematis, and various shrubs ana creepers whioh fflfcte travelling through it Impossible for anything bigger ft"" a rabbit or lest enterprising than a pig. ____ Morton Mains Estate is now held by a company, some of whom are Victorians! and I have no doubt they will be able to work the property to advantage. There V 85,000 acres In the estate.and U, "^ead of being in New Zealand, the property was under the mora sonny iky of vjnfona, it would be capable of P*1®" management, 80,000 or 80,000 Aesp. But the winter Is the tn-iog time1,1 SoutblMd; and the neoessity of providing artificial rood for (he winter makes all the dlflerepoe. The killing frosts nip up the artlfleUI grasses; and thus anything like heavy stocking in im possible unless tnrmp^orottoer f^d< f» Pro vided for the winter. On Morton Mains there are about 1600 aores ol turnips this year; andsomeiot-those;that I saw, ywn.on the mm a «» line, the famous Angus polled oattfe, wlnoh are now owning into anch favor both ^Eng land and Amerioa. In the latter oountry there has been quite a "boom ^ Angus cattle, and-eome American spwuUtorswtmt over to the rid x,*B?tr7' the* -ooold lay tbeirf +ands on. They we very hardy oattle, and are eminently suited for the oumate of Now Zealand, and they would, I have ito..itoab^bsoontt .equal favorites in some parts of Viotona, ," they were only known. The oross-breds are not pleasing-looking irfffltlm w they are gensi: ally black and white or bine, or «ome other equally agly oolor; bnt I have heard a very good io^ge ?.<* oatde say that »;«ood tawt oan't beanad oolor, though for my own pari, I have the weakness to prefer a good beast that is a good oolor, But a well-bred Abgus m _s 11intinii l.ltlo animal, with and healthy, that one e»nnot help thinking he is eminently suttM to. his surroundings, and quite capable Of giving a good acooent of himself under any set of conditions. The sheesTonMorton Mains also looked very well, and somd etnd Leioeeter weanere, hurdled npon turmpe, ware in exoellent condition, and were highly oreditable specimeps of a breed whioh, to Victoria,, is somewhat neg lected in lavor W-the Uneolns. When we left InvereatgiU in the morning, the frost was sparkling in the son, land ice was to be eeen on «*ery pool. When we re turned in the evening, the ice was still there, and the frost had transferred itself toourtoes and fingers, in spite of woollen sooki and thBut^yexpeiienoe ol the weather at Inver oaraill, so tar, baa bean simply delightful. The air Is bracing and sharp, bnt the sky is clear, and the son shines brightly. It is oolu, oer tainlv, in the shade, but it is a dry oold, and I have fslt less JooUsation to ww a tonobat than I had before leaving Viotona, while in soms of the highM districts, suoh as Oampcr down or Ballarat. I'suppose it is thechmate that gives Sbch iobf cheeks to W chUdren, who all seem the very piotnwsof health, while I must say that I have seen more pretty girls to the square mile In Inveroargill than I ever saw before in my travels. It is, of course, understood that I leave Viotoru, whioh is noted for its pretty girls, ont of the question. I The comparison is only between plaoes out side ol my native heath. I had occasion to visit Winton again o» ? the 10th, in order to inspect a leasehold of about 9,000 aores lying between Winton and Dipton. The land is hilly and ferny oountry, and here, for the first time, I had an oppor tunity ol seeing the poison plant, known in New Zealand under the euphonious nameoi "Toot." It is a low shrub, with broad, fleitoy leaves, and at this time of the year the oolor is a sort of brownish green. In the spring it bean a berry whioh oan be eaten with im parity if the stone is carefully rejected. Bome enthusiasts even make a wine out of the berry, whioh they profess to prefer to the finest old orusty port; and if certain statistics are to be relied upon, whioh demonstrates that ten times the quantity of port wine is sent out ol London, as compared with what teaches the world's capital from Oporto, the chaneee are that the « port wine made from the berries of the toot plant is more whole some than the Btufl whioh produces gout in ^ Mfgui'de on this oocasion was Mr. Whvte, sub-inspector of rabbits, who is stationed at Winton, and whose duties necessitate his travelling over an extent of oountry equal to aboot 900 sgnare miles. We orossedover the spur of the mountains near Hill-end bush; andirom the top of the ridge we had a mag nifioent view of the gwat Oreti plain, on the one side etretohing down to the sea; while on the other side of the ridge lay the Dipton flat, with the Oreti river meandering throaga it. As far as the eye could see homesteads Mid farms ware dotted here and there, with evidences of cultivation in the shape of care folly built etaokfl and other appearanoes OK farming industry. There oan be no question that there is a great future for these fertile plains, and it oan only he a question o! a oompaxatively short time when a large farm ing population will be settled upon land which u oapable of bearing magnifioent crops of oats and wheat ; while turnips grow with very little trouble, and assist in breaking in the land lor a white orop. Alter travelling about forty miles on horss-baok, we returned to Winton in time for tea; and the train, drawing, besides other produce, 20 truota laden with grain, reeohed Inveroargill about 8 o'olock. . , , " At Inveroargill they have a looal celebrity in the shspe ol a self-taught artist. I had promised myself the pleasure of visiting his studio, so. a few days since, one of the prettiest girls in InvaroargiU aoted the part ol Ohaperont, and togetter we Sued on Mr. B.H.Morton, but unfortunately the artist mi not at home. To-day, bow fvf' *onn^ artiet chu lui; and the only thing that marred my enjoyment of the artistia treat was the absenoe of the young sympathetic appreciation of the artist» eflorta would have discovered hidden beauties whioh my dollar susceptibilities would possibly overlook. Mr. Morton's views of the soenery of Miiford Sound and the West Coast are mostly in water col (rare, and are 9f1S u U"'8 P10tar8a> conveying a true idea °*baautiful lake and moontaii) soenery whioh it is the privilege of ao few to see. Although Mr. Morton is said to be a self, taught artiBt, I had my doubts about it when X first saw his work; and aa he told me that i ® T a papil of the celebrated Aaron Pen leigh, the idea of hit being entirely self-taught must be somewhat modified. Moreover, he is an old resident of Tiotoria, whioh I may be permitted to oonsider as of some value, from *? or an? other point of view. One °' *"> prettiest piotures was a water oolour sketoh of Lake M'Kellar. §f this I beoome the possessor at a figure whioh, considering the labour and time required to produce it, as Mr. Morton is very conscientious and and painstaking in bis work, is a enffloient enaenoe that the life of an artist in New Zealand is not all beer and skittles. Being a poor scribbler myself, I did not feel called 1 upon to give Mr. Morton more than he I Asked; but if there are any millionaires who I Me moved to encourage art, the best thing I Joey ean do is to send Mr. Morton a obeque I lor £100 pr so for a painting, and leave the I subject and treatment to the artist. I The frost was still lingering in all the | ehady places, and was a conspicuous object I opon the root of the antiquated old ram-1 ahaokle wooden strueture that hides the [ beauties of the Inveroargill post-offloe (and I whioh nerves as the offioes of the sheep in-I fP?°'?r iotlMf high dignitaries), when 11 ieft the Albion Hotel at 4.20 p.m. to take the I I train for Kingston and the takes. I . Jf bee" my intention to leave by the I 8.(5 train in the morning, and J had solemoJ* I enjoined Captain Bey wood, mine host of the | Albion, to call me at the unearthly hour of | 6.80. It is not often that Captain Heywood I targets to mark his guests down on the slate I I tor the early train; hot as be alio forgot the I bueuitfl tbat the loser o! the Ust robber or- J dered with the final whieky, there must have | i been something'unniual at work. However "When I'woke at my aanal time [ | and found the sun shining in «t my window I through an eighth of an inch of ice, I did not I feel ndined to curse the eaptain for hU'for-1 -getfulness. The very thought of getting up 1 at half- past five in the morning, with the I thermometer at 12 degrees below aero the pre-1 JJons night, even yet makes me shudder. I Moreover, the fascinations of whist, when you { are never the holders of honors until you an I Bn? °*nno' count them, keeps oneont I of bed until one o'clook, and it taxes about ( four hours of steady slumber to warm the blankets in New Zealand at this time of the yaar. 1 For all these sapient reasons, then, I left Enveroargill by the afternoon train with the I intention of staying at the Elbow for the I sight, and going on to Kingston in the morn-1 The Elbow is «township whfere the lino to I Dunedin junotions with the KingetonTine; aad like every other towndhip I have sees as I yet in Southland, is surrounded by hilU.. It I is about 700 feet above InverearguL T met I »d Yfatorf«n "to the proprietor of | Howell e|Hotel, whioh his name it u Howell; ! ahd he pointed out from his front door alarm J property, the Waimea Station, whioh is owned I by Mr. Beii, a Victorian | and fromftis back I floor he pointed on t another large property, Cas tle Book Station, the owner of whioh, Mr. Mat-1 (hew Holmes, is also 'an old Victorian. Mot I to put too fine a point upon it, I may stir that ne*t Plaoe I sew front the train was the I famous Five Rive's Estate; and the owners of this property, the Ellis Bres., are not un-1 known in Victoria. | The Ellia Bros,' carry on very extensive I farming operations on their pmperty; but as I I had no one with me who could give me I authentic information on the -point, I do not Uke to hazard the assertion that the forty I stacks whioh I oounted from the carriage I I windows belonged to the gentlemen in quea* I «wn. Bat I expect they do; as also that j steam threshing machine and that extensive { patch of green away down near the river, which I take to be turnips; and most oer-1 taiply the large goods shed alongside the I ! railway line, filled obock-fnll of bags of grain J and marked "Private Goods-shed." More! Kith* ®ro"'1 "!n ^av811104 kst inSouthlanJ^^And'yourlan^loMnotamn I to be diflereut from any other land. Ton I have the same soil, the same ebingle-there 11 see it cropping up close to the surface-the I tame old Oreti Biver flows through your I property in the same way as it meanders over I the Dipton Plain and Oreti Plain. If you I can make farming pay and often cannot, it I is certainly not from any difference in natural I ponditions. I do not presume to say what it 1 is that constitutes the difference; but I sua-1 peot that oapital and management are very I important faators in the oondaot of farming I operations here as elsewhere. I need not I describe the railway journey from the Five | Bivers to Eingston. The train appeared to I be running into mountains all the time. On I either hand a narrow strip of fiat land I covered with tussock grass, principally white. 1 Undulating foothills gradually merging into I steeper bills, and these again into enow-oapped I mountains. Mountains everywhere, ioe every-1 where, froat everywhere; snow peeping at yoa I fromeveiypinnaaleandspreadinglikeablanket I over the nakedneee of the barren rock, above 1 the steadily descending snow-line. The I mountains sometimes olose in and frown I down upon the train as if they threatened to I topple over and engulph it. Then they open out and leave a good strip of agricultural I land. As we approach Kingston the grass is displaced by terns; the country becomes more rugged; the mountains are closer; the soil disappears in favor of shingle; the rabbit burrows became as thick as leaves in Vallambrosa; turning round the comer we see Lake Wakatipu lying still and clear and deep at the foot of the enow-oapped hills whioh plunge sheer down into Its fathomless bosom. When I say fathomless bosom, it is to be of oouree understood that the expression is merely an oratorioalphrase; for thecaptain of the Jane Williams, who, by the way, is also an old Viotorian, informed me that the aver age depth of Lake Wakatipu is about 1,300 feet. Bat there is one spot that has never yet been fathomed, and whether it is simply a bottomless abyss, or whether it indicates the presence of an underground ouraent, is a question not yet determined. A referenee to my pooket aneroid as Istood upon the deck of the Mountaineer showed me that Lake Wakatipu was at an elevation of 1,100 feet above Inveroargiil. I don't abso lutely state this as a eaientifio fact, but I think it is not far wrong. As I looked up at the frowning mass of black and ruggedrook whioh towered above the little wharf at which the little steam boat lay, the impression for a moment was very strong that the whole mass was about to come over on the top of ub ; but when I looked over the eide of the steamer and saw at the bottom I of ten or twenty feet of water, as dear as crystal, the sand and shingle lying peacefully where probably they had lain for millions of years, I came to the oonolusion that there was no immediate probability of anything, uopleaeant. And beneath the water was an ' empty porter bottle, whioh gleamed as white and peaoefully aix>ye the shingle as if it had also lain there to! & million years, more or less; while swimming about is the placid waters was a little school of thfl most spotless ««m« duoks who, an the arrival ot the steamer, always come to pick up any unconsidered trifles that theoook may throw overboard. The only passengers on this oooasion to Qaeenstown were a commercial traveller and myself. As nsaal in this climate the first consideration was to get something to drink in order to keep oat the oold. The Monn taineer being a strictly teetotal vessel the steward, who Is a very obliging gentleman, went to the only hotel (and apparently, with the exception of ihe station-master's house, the only inhabited building) in Kingston and brought as a flaBk of brandy and a bottle of beer. I suppose he bad cogent reasons for not bringing whisky; and, on my return, having unwisely tried tbe Kingston mountain dew, I tally appreciated his choioe. I have no desire to say anything against the whisky to be obtained at Kingston; only I feel some thing like the Yankee wbo.wben he waa asked bow he liked crow, replied that it was very good solid eating, but that he " did not kind ot hanker after ft." From Kingston to Qneenstown the aoenery is comparatively tame fox I"ake Wakatip; although, if the tourist wereto limit his ex* conion to Qneenstown, he would probably be Under the impression that th^ gorges und mountains that he passed .in review as the little Mountaineer steamed on its wayweie tolerable specimens of nature under difficul ties. Every quarter ot a mile or so . minia ture oascade would come tumbling dtfwnfaom the mountains, and some of than never reached the Lake at all but were lmen in their ooarse, and remained hanging like a direr thread partly lost amid the dense growth ot cabbage palm*, ferns, and sarab, which clothed the western slope ot the moon, taim from tbe water's edge. Although Tennyson, so far as I know, never visited Lake Wakatip, ha has described I the appearance ot those tiny rivulets to pt* feotion in the Lotos Eaters .. Like a silver thread tha slender stream To tali, and pause, and tall again did Bsem." | About half-way between Kingston and Queens I town His river Looby oomes tumbling down a gloomy gorge, guarded bv two snow-ospped mountains, wnioh stand like sentinels watoh ing the river as it rushes over its ahtogly bed to mingle M waters with tha mighty Wakatip. This is oalled Hall-way Bay-a very prosaio same for tha first romantic spat which gnats the traveller on his way to the mm gor geons soenery at tbe head of tha lake. In the meantime thi tittle Mountaineer is steaming along past tbe snow-capped moun tains which appear to «lose in behind hear, and in front present an impenetrable wall; whan "Hills peep o'er bills, and Alp* on Alps arise!* nntil the vary grandeur of tbe wane baoomas monotonous, and I daaoand into tha little oabin,. whan I find my commercial friend sound adeep over a yellow baok novel, on the crimson aoshions ot fhaoosy little saloon. I slip iendeavor to beoome interested in a French novel whJohl bad Packed up pro miBonouely in a Sydney book-stsll; and u thenovel wss not quite^ enthralling as the title of "LaFemmedelHn" would leal one. to expect, it was certainly amusing to read * Trenobmmn's opinio bb of "t»G , www ftw gentleman Ncv-Torisit," which were per hens more original than oorteot. Awrdtog to this veracious Frenobman tbe average " gentleman Nev-Torkaii" pwr. ries one week and is divorced the new. His life U* choioe mixture ot true religionand brandy, cook-tails, tempered " avec le re volver." , . The hero ot this choioe specimen .of literature is one James Ctobson, whoin MM. opening obaptec playlully knocks one o! his ^rite's teetb but, aid aSstetfy oujl ffl her left ear. He' then disappears into the Booky mountains, team' TRbanoe b» ueaprtohee a band ot Bed1 Indians, %bo MtftuHfhis wills from . the oentr* of pf ^andring frieUd* who, at h«r.#nntaHon, an^iojwK the delights of "tm bal mat que/" ^Tbebody ot a woman is subsequently tound floMng ux the rivar. and is identified as Miss I$a Biokard (otherwise Mrs. Gobson). Sy theway,_MMi. Oobaon is always called Uin Ida, wMpb.g an additional proaf of the author's famihanty with American manners aadoustoms. >Jam»8 Gobson is wispeoted ot being the mMdOW.pt his wife, whose supposed bodr bm rb»en identifies and be is about to. be ,«B«M when he ooolly walks into the deleave office with a oi ear in hie month. In spite ot nia Assertion! I<U fiiokftrd ii at31 tw m about to be hanged, to the gnat satisfaction ot a Yankee mob, who are yelling for bis blood, when Ida Biokard herself tarns up. The livings Ida Biokard. and the dead Ida Biokard'are as muoh alike as Cesar and Fompey: and the new-comer is also minus a tooth and an ear in a precisely similar man ner to the corpse. The supposed murderer, Jamee Gobson, is now released amid the an tbnsiastio aoolamation of the mob wniob, only five minutes before, was howling for his blood. Then the divoroed Mr. and Mrs. Oobson an re married, and the presumption is that the playtal Gobson will now proceed to out off his wifeV other ear and knock out another tooth or so, in the aooustomed man ner ot the « sentlemeii Weis-Fortei;.; Bat a nretemataraUy acute deteobve, William Dow, still persists in believing that James Ootaou has tailed his wife; so he has a cast of the dead Ida Biokard taken in wax; and I this "Femme it Oire" plays a very im portant part in unravelling the mystenee^ol pufmu* »u -d - - the rather ghastly story. It ap. James Gobson, who must bave bem a very nioe man for a small tea-party, had WUodhis wite, and married his deceased wile s sister. Then he bad out off hisdeoeased wife s sister . ear, and knooked out one of his dooeasad wile's eister's teeth in order to make the re semblance of tbe twin sisters mors exact Then he re-marries his deoeased wife s sister, pretending that she is his deoeased wile, whom he thus practically demonstrates not to be deoeased at alL In the long run, of course, James Gobson is hanged; but it would have been muoh better ifho had been hanged in the first ohapter, both for the writer and reader ot this remarkable novel. But while my friend the commercial w snoring on ons side of the little saloon, and I am tmnR to beoome interested in this gory tragedy on ths other, the Mountaineer is speeding on her way to Qneenstown, and from ths little windows ot tbe saloon I can see that we an still passing gloomy gorges and snow-oapped mountains, whioh appear to be getting wilder and mors ragged thefurther we prooeed. We reaoh Qneenstown about 4 o'olook. and a most ohatming little hamlet it looks with the little white houses, patting one in mind ol a township ot Liliput, on the shores ot a perfeot little miniature bay, baoked by mountains ot brobdingnagian pro ^°As°oar steamer slowly mads for tbs litUe jetty we had time to take a good view ot the little town and its surroundings before getting too olose to lose the effeot ol the scene as a whole. , ,. To our right, as we steamed in, was a of little peninsula, planted with bine a tree wnioh seems to flourish better in Zealand than in Australia; and, indeed, question whether the Taamanian blue gum not quite as muoh at home in New as in its native island. As we stand on deok ot tbe steamer and look over the oret whioh somajiiajful Titaaa hShwatimwfl ^^eltaSSbto 5'b0{ *?* «wy ihoiSkSS! remarkable than (he tea thooaanil ntii* ifi« h«SlJ^r'1^1 ^?vWblfl at thewune time, ItS^JfSL?* «peoertaS«4x JWM SSL ^SP' fand «®w baokrt; wto^SS, ^1?°® T*ok t®®th jotting oat of tha nttM w .J0?? *»W irlM to rfiw JS BmDotb, BblDlDg irarfaoe, imringiHfl aimjtMt gajandioalarl/ until lottX^f^inSS ^ey *« old and haggard looking . swrwd M<J ««med, and torn with thTSSL' tsnipeete, ui froata of tan wim s«!S,,!?flrs;,s3rS £7 thie time we are at tb« Ooaini!kan> wd» boy, are thereto witnew onr dinmbut SmHSm «J ynpdMabiB diggings, «bent whieh Um «««4 S^s^sraSttrts J}j on*J * Unul«d tta» it my.eommeaZLdis ®® ton on blftha boat toth*Wi j*» t&xS;&£Sg& £a@&8&g;£g£ berates from fee MBa^HSriJa^wV .ongontoanhut^ - friT"]!? °^rlj dirk *1"n *. iMbd t«U i S? <b®<3ueanatOWn wharf. XJw gJSg *®w^gathering thlek opoa the mountains I and mt snow-draped giants looked Ukk-aa many ghosts broodiqg orar mu i*Dd* Mow *» ?» «wal jowl np fa the darkness, u>dth*lut lighta «rJuteBSSs ssrAmSffsssi'Siss ^ o( the lakawSthta SUtbuf^'i' 01 11,1 oot^ntaixa hand: while togh above ear head, and ---Sri ottaoy &4b4 rioffli). |m Ihim tiTelj Moept M the mountain* arwlastinidtr towaringtott«jJqrt*ndaowtoJ*«S«K m^bS811 " *3* « mart iwm baan ^wS^.Poi<16,w,lT- *? **««* It was luttdffithe^^ffii^ It was downbT tbe dirk tun o! 'AWbitf* In the ^oul.hwi^ ^Qpai^j ;tt^^^,gSSBagr Psyaheois aaoL, Bat it'regains JbeMuTS1 , . p06t to tttoVtt tils bVUffl 'ImmMIh tiI fy thara u ahsolute]/ nothing but Oolaw what mar terUUa "tofha mtoa_« aye, Horatio." Bat here'somes Am IS^iSK' ' fp *° tu* P^ot, hu hwn.niiuu fte tnidg«i and m get into ""?rrnwflm aSon? tUngi^ general and Uka KwigrtiSto *t<l4«ta. bwpag kV iha i>Md ^srter'-tK^ssra! "on 01 r^utr/i Docnus. ^ giau of ^ofl^i BSwMThootte Win®. »>girtarsd toiiaaga: M. ..'; , ^ ^ind I may *1 trad fcofcobwladgfe at onaa ttutlwaiTairmnoh wwniiiaa pTmr 'mtoa ' to tha waaoa whj saoh m geei Tk~7tn vbo, like O&ptaln; Oonorinj hu .. *Uad th» - oaaknUaa;' _and who, a6rabrar,ii« wnlaL worthy gentleman, ahonld be.. anniS* B navigate^ Lata Wakatip ia a toy irtfamnr Bnt Oaptjin Thomae mng knom irtiat ha b about, and doabtlese he baa good and imfiml rewonafot etioUng to a portwWA PS! tainly leas profitiS>le than bthac* that ha might Maiiy anira to. It ia not to j>a fnp ^d tiiat nav^atirig Lake Wakatip ia U« Sjfflrolt than intercolonial navigation. Undar o«Wn oondiUona, I uonld. Wnkit wo^U be muoh more hacardoni. H*» ? we an now ataaming along fall speed in pitshy darlmeaa vithoat a eolitair lighl ot Ed mark viaiWe. On oar right ia a rookr wall {Hanging down into nn&thonaUa; daptha. Wooannot aaethe rooky ahore, but we know, or«l«at anppoae, it ia withinaayfoor hnn. dtesyardaof onr atarboud bow. On onr lah ^"^.S'SSU'^SS .tttsrss&nssss.; lake-or rather aha lake altars to nit H oontorfaona. Bight; li> tract of- Si, and strrtohing aoroea the lake from watt to wall we eannot «*j from ahore to ahore, a* then ia praobeallT no diote-an a aeriea of rooky ulanda, through whioh, in the bUokneaaot oukneaa, the oaptain, by aotne aort«»! blood inatinot or inapiration, haa to thread hii 7*!i- 0oS?n MvigaMon ia mere ohild'a play tothia. Here, ton minutea1 ateaming £» wrong direction, or pact a ocrtain point (whioh point in Uieoarknaaa oan oavfca gowaed at), and thewaael ia haded apona wall of rook; and if she wan the Qnat Etstora herself ahe would be swallowed ab, and leave not a ripple on the auifaSe in leaa than five minutea. There, out in the high aeaa, if the oaptain ia dubiona ot his poaiUon. he oan turn hie veaael's head towarda the Booth Pole, or wherever he Ukea intoillimi. ^d^Mand "t6lm aWV ^ ^ (To be amllHHei.) 