'Novelist. LINDIQO, THE WHITE WOMAH; OB THE HIGHLAND GIRL'S CAP TITITY AMONG AUSTRALIAN : ' BLAOK8. A SiouV' op Tnp. Australian Piojtbkhs. ' ?. By ANGUS McLEAN. ' -:AD1U0U'0I? lURRY' BLOOMFIELD. CHAPTER XVIII. 1 oiias'ino the BoannAuaHnfi. Ohaiilih Sto.uit took up n. large bloak of fine . land, which he stooked and formed, into a station,' after.wliioh ho went back to Sydney ?accompanied by- Donald, in-,tbe expectation, ot meeting, with Belln, ^whom Mr. McKfty in formed, him by , letter .avrs , on hor., way out and was daily, oxpeoted.; . On his arrival he waa-greatly disappointed- and alarmed, the vcsselinot having, arrived,, although consider ably overdue. m. tne -interval Donald and Mary wero married^and ns, Oharlio oould not wait any longer, he was compelled to return to his Btationi'jtaking .with him Donald as overseer, Jand Mary, as housekeeper. Mr. MoKay pro wisod .to send, -word , by special messenger as Boon.-.as./i.the.ship nrrived, but that happy ovent never; oeourred ; lor years passed r.way . wHhout:;any ;news concerning the missing vessel, whien. filled- all parties with intense sorrow. Oharlie was thus onco moro plunged into grief,, and this, time apparently without the least hope of enjoying tho slightest hap piness. Ho blamed himself for encouraging Mr. MoKny-to send for his nieoo, and the nncle took all the blame upon his own shoul ders, whioh preyed upon his mind, and ulti mately brought him to his grave. llary (now Mrs. Munro) shared in the uni versal grief, at the loss of hor young mistress, and named her first born after hor. On one of his ti'ipB to Sydnoy, Oharlio be came aoquainted with a very respootablo and worthy family, named Forbes, tho head ot whioh was a brother to tho Advocato of Edin burgh, and one of the earliest and wealthiest squatters in tlie colony. Tho oldest of tlio family, .a young lady possessing many attrac tions, was engaged to a gentleman by tho name of Melville, who had latoly arrived : he was. possessed of considerable wealth, and was searching for stations, and on his roturn tlie marriage was to bo celebrated. This Mr. Melvillo (whom Oharlio had not as yot seen) was also an acquaintance of tho Forbes' in Edinburgh, but Oharlio could not recollect that name among tho visitors at the Advocate's house, he thereforo supposed that tho acquaintanceship was formed after ho eft. .. About this time somo of the inland districts were ihfbsted with a band of bnslirnngers, under, the leadership of a fearful desperado, ? known' as Captain' Molrose, whose depreda tions outrivnllcd those of any gang in tlie onnals of colonial history. Not a week, or kurdly a day, passed without bringing somo trcsh intelligence o£ outrages committed by tlicra. A large reward was offered by government tor their apprehonsion, but without offect.and the audacity and coolness with whioh thoir leader carried on his praoticea oompletely oolipsed all previous acts of bushranging. Naturally ot a captivating manner, and D03KRHaPl1 rtf rrffttlt n^dnnnl n IfrftnfUna invariably succeeded in ingratiating himself m the estimation of unsuspecting and res pectable sooiety, representing himself as a man of fortune in search of stations. In this disguiso ho became possessod of in formation regarding parties onrrjing caBh and other valuables, and in some instances wlioro valuablo property had been deposited lor security, whioh was soon pounced upon, os ho had hiB followors always on tho alert. Tho mails woro constantly robbed, banks and stores sanBacked, prisoners woro libe rated, in fact, Booioty seemed complotely paralysed by tho accounts whioh day after day appeared. Oharlio, with his overseer Donald, had beon upon business to Sydnoy, and on thoir roturn i0Utnov TlftRKP/! n frnTonaliln hid the previous night been visited bv tho notorious Captain Melr'eno and his band, under the following circumstances : — The day boforo was tho annual raeo day in tlmt town, whon nil tho people in tho sur rounding country mot. Among others thoro us a strango gentlomnn, who put up at tho pnnoipal hotel ; lie visited tho raoooourso, and by his engaging manner and apparently af fluent oircumstnnees, had attracted tho notice Of mnny, among whom wore tho stewards, too gave him a moot cordial invitation to tho oi', whioh took placo tho ovoning following. Acoording to custom tho clitl i of tho dis tant attended tho ball, and tho Btrangor, who Gained tho confidence of all present by hi3 gentlemanly bohaviour, boonmo a great favo rite. Tho niglit being warm and tho room rathor close, Captain Molroso sought the cool air about ono o'olook in tho morning. After Ming absent for a short timo, ho returnod, to tuo consternation of all present, and was fol lowed by a band of armed men ; ho thon com manded overyono prosont to bail up on ono ™e ot tho room, his mon presenting thoir 'nils at tho time at them. Ho then ad Messed them, saying: 'Ladies $nd gentle m6Qi I am truly sorry to interrupt your nnniBemont for a short timo in suoh a man nor, and also for treating your kindness to wards nio in suoh an ungallant way, but you must think that Captain Melrose could not withstand suoh a display of jowollory and otnor valuables while he and his bravo band wero in need ; I liavo therefore respectfully to I command that each and ovory individual prosont will at onco hand over his ot hor valuables to my lioutenant, Mr. Williams, and to do so without any hesitation or raur murmur, or I shall bo oompolled to ndopt more unpleasant measures.' Tho very name, 11 Captain Melrose,' tilled tlio nudionoo witli terror. Ladios nnhosi tntingly handed ovor thoir ornaments, and gcntlomon gavo up thoir wealth. Having obtained possession ot all that waB valuablo to them, tho party thon holpod thomsolves to tho rofroBhmonta on tho nido table, aud thon took their leave, tlio loader taking a polite farowoll of tlie assembly, and wishing that thoy might continuo thoir enjoyment as no moro interruption would talco placo from him or his party. It was on this morning of oxoitmont that Oharlio and his overseer arrived at the uoono of tlio outrage, and heard with indignation tho unequalled effrontery and unfeeling oon duct of tho notorious Molroso and his gang. Many of tho ladies woro still suffering from tho fright thoy receivod. A looal paper gavo a full account of tlio robbery, and a list and description of tho articles stolen, with ro wnrds offered for each ; messengers wero dispatched to tho various police Btations; and a number of volunteers enrolled ihomselvos for tlio pursuit of tlie gang. Oharlio and Donald resolved upon search ing oarofuliy on their way for tho porpetrn tors. After leaving tho township thoy obtained somo olue as to where tho band soparatod, evidontly to bafile pursnorB ; thoy found that two of tho party had takon the vory road that Oharlio and Donald had to go, and a rapid pursuit was instantly com menced. After riding for a considerable distanco on tho trnoks of tho bushrangers, thoy arrived at cross roads, whon thoy heard orios ot distress proceeding from tho bush. Biding rapidly in tho direction of the cries, they found a lady and gentleman tied to separate treas. Tiio unfortunate victims wero a nquattor named Uamsoy and his wifo, wlio had boon riding in their carriage, whon they wero met by two woll-mounted bush rangoTB, wlio robbed them ot their money, tied them as described, and drovo off in their carriage. On being liberated, Mr. Itamsoy bogged of his liberators to follow them at onco, wliilo ho and his wifo would walk to the nearest police station, and lodgo tho information. This advico was instantly adopted, Oharlio and Munro renewing tho pursuit, but this timo with moro ease and rapidity, as the wheel traoks wero quite visible despito tho tnoticB employed by the driver in keeping the hardest part ot the road in ordor to loave no traces behind. However, nothing could bailie tho eager pursuers, who traced them to a small village; where the trallio obliterated the impression of tho wheels. On enquiring at different places, the only carriage that had been soon was ono whioh conveyed the clergyman to Mr. Forbes' station on somo prossing business. This somewhat puzzled Oharlio, as ho did not think a poor olergy raan was a likely subject for a bushranger. While considering what conr«? he should pursue, Donald oamp in hurriedly, telling him that he had discovered the traoks, and which evidontly led to Mr. Forbes'. As Oharlie intended calling on Mr. Forbes, they started forthwith, and on their arrival thay saw a oarriago in front of tho houso. Donald led tho horros to the stable, while Oharlie entered tho house, where Mr. Forbes met him vory cheerfully, and introduced him to the clergyman, being tho only person in the room besido'a themselves. Mr. Forbes then said — ' I am extremely glad to bco you, Mr. Stuart, and you have arrived just in time to share our happinoss. You aro already aware thatmyeldeatdaughtorhas been forsomotime engaged to Mr. Molvillo, whom, I beliove,'you have not soen, as ho has been travelling in quest of stations. Ho has arrived, fcut did not succeed in finding anything to suit him, and is resolved upon proceeding at onoe to Port Phillip. Ho has sent on a large number of sheep and cattle, and onrno a few minutes ago, accompanied by our own worthy pastor, tor the purpose ot celebrating tho marriage at once, and will start off immediately after with his bride. Indeed, tho proposition at first took us all by surprise, and I did not like the idea of parting with my daughter at so short a notico, but, as the young oouple woro un willing to delay, I was forced to yield. I may also add that Mr. Melvillo proves himself worthy of my daughter, and a very eligible matoh in ovory respeot, if we may judge by the valuable presents he haa made to every member of my family. You may hear the applause and noise in tho next room, whioh is cauecd solely by his bounty.' The last romark was correct, for each mem !ber of tho family oame rushing into the room, exhibiting his or hor rioh and glittering t-easure. The dinner wns now ready, after whioh tho ceremony was to take place, and each ono took his seat at tho table. The last that had ontered the room was tho bridegroom, leading his intonded brido. Mr. Forbes instantly stopped forward, and introduced his future son-in-law to Mr. Stuart, but groat surpriso was experienced by the whole family at the two gentlemen bb thoy approached each other auddonly stop ping, when both turned deadly pale, were un able to givo utterance to a singio syllable, and stared sternly in each other's face. Tho bridegroom was tho first to recover himsolf ; thon, bowing atifily, ho took his seat beside Miss Forbes at tho table. Oharlio took his plaoo immediately opposite, when all tho spectators, particularly tho host, con cluded that Oliarlie Stuart, by his singular conduct, had, at one time, been a rival of Mr. Melville. During dinner Mr. Forbes, in tho course of conversation, inquired ot Oharlio as to what was the principal newa down tho oountry, when the latter gave Bomo account of the daring outrages of the bushrangers, handing a copy of the newspaper containing an acoount of the stioking-up caBO at tho Baoo Ball. Tho host read aloud the artiole In question, whioh oontamod a full acoount of Oaptain Melrose b atrocities. Tho bride, who naturally felt for the unfeeling oonduot, turned her face towards hor lover, and exclaimed, 'Did you evor hear of ouch an unfeoling monster ? ' Molroso, who aat with his hoad bent for ward, made no reply, but turned paio, and soowled with unnatural forooity not peculiar to him, whioh sent a thrill ot terror through her frame. Mr. Forbes now came to that portion whioh contained a description of tho artioles stolon, when the dosoription of ono remark ablo and oostly pair of braoolets attracted tho brido's attention ; she unconsoiouBly dropped her eyes on tlioBe Bhe waB wearing, and which had been presentod to her by her lover only a short time beforo, and whioh exactly corres ponded with the description lier father read. A strango feeling seized her, and upon raising hor oyea to Oharlio, sho Baw nim staring with eyes lull ot indignation and dis trust at hor scowling lovor ; springing to her foot she made an attempt to approaoli the open Frenoh window, but in passing. round hor father's chair, bIio fell with a scream in Bonsible on the floor. Oharlio who was tho quickost flew to hor assistance, raised her, and, in entrusting her to the care and attention of her father, said, ' Talte your much-injured daughter ; your would-be son-in-law is no other than Oaptain Melrose the Bushranger,' then rushed from tho apartment after him, ho having mado his osoape amid the confusion. On ooming out of the house, Oharlie met Munro with the iiorsos ready, who, on seeing his master, understood tho oaivo of his haste, and exclaimed, ' Thoro thoy go,' pointing at the samo time to tho two horsemen in full gallop making towards tho forest. Let us mount, and after them, replied Oharlie, when both vaultod in their saddles, and driving thoir spurs into thoir horses' sidea, flow5a.tter tho fugitives. buAPXEUXlX. .: , , irim , OArTOllE. ; . . It often'ocourrod to Oharlio, na wolf as Donald, tliat Oaptain' Mehose otbualiranB'ngnotorioty, was idontieal with Molroso of Edinburgh and London repntp, but it never' occurred to them that Williams, his lieutenant, was Donald's accuser, and; who was tho oauso'of his trans portation. Donald's recognition of him was instanta neous', notwithstanding William's altered ap pearanco ; for, on going to tho stable with tho horses, ho hoard Williams conversing with tho groom, and saw the hasto lie wna in in preparing tho horses for a start- as soon as tho marringo ceromony was ovor'; ho therefore conolnded that all wns not right, and without making himself known, watohod Williams' movements, and on the 'same ploa of hurry to start, had his horses roady also. , Williams, who was on the . alert, evidently expecting tho pursuit, ? never wont within doors, but watohod every dirpotion, leading tho horsos about, while tho oarriago was being got ready. On Donald leading his horses from the stable ready saddled, ho saw Melrose rush from the house; on coming up to Williams, ho said, ' Mount and bo off, we aro sold,' when both atarted off ot full speed ; but their iormor bush tactics wore of no avail to them this timo, for notwithstanding their twisting and turning, olearing logs and creeks, they could not shake oil their intrepid pursuers. Tho chaso now became exciting in the ex treme, each horsoman was employing all his skill, and was straining liiB horse to its ut most speed, but it soon became evident that tho bushrangers woro ovormatohed, as thoir pursuers woro gaining upon them every mo ment, when coming upon some open ground, Melrose wheeled round, exclaiming with a fearful oath — ' We'll fight them, Williams, thoro aro only two against two ; ' he then fired at Oharlie, who was nearest to him, tho ball penetrating Charlie's hat. Before lio had timo to draw his second pis tol, Oharlie shot his horse through the heart, wishing to take Molroso alive, who, on coming to earth with his horse, got entrapped, having ono leg'faat undor the carcase. Oharlie sprang from his saddle to disarm him, but on approaching him, receivod the otlior charge in the left sido, whioh made him stagger, but; the ball fortunately glanced off his powder flask, whioh he carried in the breast pooket ot his ooafc. ' Shoot me, you villain, you have a oharmed life,' roared the disappointed bushranger ; but his captor re fused the demand, and sooured him on the Bpot. I ? . The combat between the other two did not last so long, for on exchanging shots, Wil- . liamB fell wounded, and beoame an easy cap tive to his active antagonist. A party ot troopers who were scouring the neighborhood, through tho information of Mr. Ramsey, wore attracted by the firing, and. made for the spot, when the bushrangers wero handed over to their charge. On Charlie's roturn to Mr. Forbes', a soena presented itself whioh was heartrending to be hold. Miss Forbea, who a short time before was in the height of happiness, was now the picture of despair aa 8he lay upon her couch. The family; wlio had been congratulating her ao recently, ware now bewailing her approach ing end in: the noontide 0£ her youth and beauty, and heaping execrations on the head of tho destroyer of their peace. The clergy man, who had come to solomnise her mar riage, waa now engaged in administering to her dying moments. ? On' seeing Oharlie return, she feebly beckoned to him; when he approached hor, she whiapered in his ear, 'You have not taken taken his life ? ' Oharlie told her that he had not, but that he had secured him. She then replied — ' Thanks, I shall now die happy. I feared that you, above nil others, should stain your hands with hia blood, ainco you were the saviour of our family from disgrace; but, alas I you wero unable to save my lifo, whioh is ob well, I hope. Farewell, may your life be longer and happier than mine.' Sho then called around her the weeping family, and alter an affeoting adieu, breathed her last. The excitement manifested on the appre hension and trial ot the bushrangers had never been equalled in tho colony. Crowds of spectators flocked from all parts to bheer and congratulate the brave captora and their deliverera from Buoh'a scourge, while execra tions wore hoaped on the heads of the merci less malefactors. Tho court was orowded to suffocation, while a large number who could not obtain admission, awaited with great anxiety the isauo ot the trinl. A number of witnesses from all parts appeared to idontify the pri soners, and to connect them with tha several robberies committed by the band ; but che extraordinary skill exhibited by Melrose in cross-examining the witnesses threatened to defeat the ends of justice, wore it not for Charlie Stuart's knowledge of his previous oliaracter. Tho appeal whioh Melrose made to the jury in dofonding his own tfase, had nevor been equalled for forensic eloquence in a colonial court of justice. The effect of this was, that many wlio had hailed his approach ing doom wero now moved to pity him. The judge, however, partly dispelled the offeots of this extraordinary oration, by tolling tho, jury that thoir duty was simple justice, and that they were not to bo influenced by the talent displayed by the prisoner, whioh, instead of improving his ease, would only aggravate it, if they considered that the oharges brought against him wero proved. The jury at onoe found both guilty, and sentenco of death was passed upon them, on hearing whioh, Molroso exolaimed — ' The manufactured whioh will hang mo.' This was, indeed, true, for the next morn ing he was Sound dead in his oall, having strangled himself with his necktie. The following was found, written upon the wall of the cell : — ' Oharlie Stuart, nor any other person, shall havo tho aatiafaotion of seeing mo awing. Thoy will find me with a smile of oontempt upon my lips. Tho fates havo been againBt me, being twice oroaecd in love by my conqueror. After boing deprived of ono, I never thought that he would pre sent himsolf nnd provo a stumbling- blook in my way of gaining the second, whom I truly loved, but wlio is now, through me, no more.' CHAPTER XX. OUAIlIiIE- DISCOVERS NEW COUNTItY. , The affeoting and trying incidents which had followed e&oh; other, in suoh rapid ac cession during the Inst few years, wore auili oient to overwhelm even a stronger mind than Charlie's, and they bad suou an in fluence on him that tho monotonous bush life he now followed wns insufficient to eradi cate its effects. Tho first of these reverses was the unavoid able desertion of his country, leaving all that was near and dear to him behind ; then oame his Bhipwreok, and tho singular manner in which ho waa saved ; then followed the loss of tho noblo-he«rted Pamul, with the mourn ful oauso of her death ; thon Melrose's strange and terrible fate, added to hia troubled mind, and kept open tho wounds whichltho loss oi Bella had caused. This last terrible blow came, too, nt tho vory moment when his whole inind wnB tillo.1 with joy at tho hope of every moment expecting to hoar of hor nrrivol, whon hia happiness would bo complete. In order to bear tip under these ;]iopnIess reminiscences, and to banish thom^entirely from hia mind, he resolved upon putting into oxooution a projeot which had for aome timo ocoupied his attention. This long- cherished idea waB no loss than to attempt explore some parts ot the yet unknown interior of Australia. Tho disoovory of Australia Felix, nnd tho many oxploits of Sir Thomaa Mitchell, had enkindled within him this idea. ' | Appointing a manager for his station, bo, attended only by Donald, started to the most inland station, whioh was at tho foot ot tho Australian Alps, resolving, if possible, to oroSB that hitherto impenetrable barrier, being undor the impression that some gCod country laybotween them and tho coast. On arriving at tho station ho heard . from the aborigines that somo fino plaina and river:! wero beyond the ; mountains, . Btretching out towards the ocean) but as no great reliance could be placed on tho accounts given by na tives, no ono as, yet had undertaken tho journey. Oharlio could find but one among tho whole tribe in whom ho could trust for guidoriob across. This was a strong and in telligent fellow named Quandak, and who, ac cording to his own roport, had onco been on a warlike expedition against tho Warrigal tribe, as ho called the natives of that dis trict. As the mountains whioh tlioy had to cross were inaccessible for a heavily oquippod party, Oharlio rosolvod upon proceeding, aooorn paniod only by Donald and Quandak, taking pack-horses to oarry a supply ot provisions. After a great deal ot fatigue and hardship, the paSBago across was successfully accom plished. On orossing tho last of tho eminences, a sight burst upon their view which repaid them for all the difficulty they had endured. Underneath them, and stretching out towards tbo soa as far as tho oyo, aided by the glass, oould roaoli, lay boautitul plains fringed with strips of forest, intersected by rivers rising in tho Alps and discharging themselves into the lakes near the soa. Tho charming scene reminded- them of thoir native land, and filled them with sucli pleasant thoughts as they had not experienced since they left home. The remaindor of tho journey waa passed with iight-heartedness and speed, as thoy travelled over extensive meadows never beforo seen by Europeana. In their ramblea thoy suddenly came upon a small encampment of natives, who manifested great surprise at their appearance. A number of them gath ered around Charlie, feeling hirn and his horse ; but on seeing them dismount they rushed off in great . terror, leaving all their effects behind them. - The small supply of provisions they had taken would not allow them to remain long ; thoy thereforo made a hasty return to the Bettled districts,' highly gratified with their explorations. ; On hiB return, Charlie disposed ol his ata tion and atarted off again to tho new oountry, taking with him Mary, several other servants, and all requisites to form a settlement. He led the expedition himself, leaving Donald to follow with the stook. Being tho middle of summer tho oattle wore taken safely across tho mountains, and tho party took possession of the best part of the plains and water courses. Unablo to procure bark for covering in tho buildings until the wet season set in, thoy erected a building, which, although unroofed, would servo aa a stookade or protection from the attacks of the natives,' should they show any hostile disposition. Ono ovoning, after coming homo, and whilo hobbling thoir horaes, a dootor, who accom panied the expedition, strolled a littlo dis tance from tho stookade. Being unarmed, tho natives, who were in the vicinity, took advantage of his unprotected state and en deavored to seize him. He fortunately, how ever, perceived them in time, and testing his legs to the utmost of their power, arrived at the stookado and reported tho case. The party, on seeing the intended attack of the natives, took shelter within the building, barring the entrance, and then discovered that the affrighted medico bad ensconsed himself underneath a pile ot bod clothes. The disappointed besiegers, who now sur rounded the place in force, were at a loss to know how to attaok it, seeing no aperture through which they oould drive their spears. However, their leader soon devised a plan whioh threatened destruction to all within tbo placo, as they oould not fire upon their antagonists. Tho plan whioh tho besiegers adopted was to throw their spears into the air ; thia thoy did with auoh exaotness that they fell inside tho building, and but for the aotivity of tho besieged, thoir destruction would have been complete. Oharlio, annoyed at not being able to re taliate, after a careful search found a small aperture between two slabs, in which he managed to place the muzzle of his rifle, and on taking aim, beheld the very objeat he wanted. This was the leader of tho party, who was encouraging hia men with a joyful oountenanoe. Aware that the fall of their leader would disperse the enemy, Charlie fired, and, aa he oxpeoted, brought him to earth, whioh prodnoed the desired offeofc. An amusing inoident took plaoo on Charlie and his party leaving tho stockade. An Hibernian, who filled the office of cook, and who was known by tho name of ' Doughboy,' seemed mora ourious in his examination of the dead body, exolaimed in truo Iriah brogue : — ' By the hole in my coat masthor, but it's a mighty polite or decateful rifle that of yours ; instead of sending tbo ball bouldly in the face of the blaok, be dad It sent it round his head, and popped in at his polo.' Thia remark tho parly found on examination to havo somo foundation, for tho only wound to bo found was in his poll, although thoy know tho savago was facing them whon shot. Thia mystery was soon solvod, for thoy found the ball had entered his mouth. Nothing ot any importanoo happened to Donald while travelling up with tlio stook aavo one, and whioh wo will hora relate, as it gavo an opportunity for him to gratify his propensity of playing tricks. Ono evening, just as the party had com pleted arrangements for thoir enoampmont, thoy saw something whioh was a novolty in tho bush; it was a ridor dressed in black, with a regular English hat (a boll-topper) on, mounted on a blaok horse, and making towards the encampment. On drawing near, Donald at onco identified him as tho man who otliciatod as olorgyman on the stations, and was well known by tho name of Parson Oroaker, but who had been expolled from holy orders on account of hia eccentrio and unchristian peculiarities, and who waa now on his way to Port Phillip in order to im prove his oircumatances. Donald, who had already played somo trioka upon tbo ex minister, was not rocognised, nor did he wish it, hospitably recoived the travellor, giving him shelter ond accommodation, aa no Btat-ion or plaoe of refuge was near. At the time of retiring for the night, a diilicully presented itself to tho parson whioh had been overlooked until tho last moment. This was how to aocuro liis horse, being naturally of a restless disposition and apt to break away, especially as thero wero horses belonging to the party feeding about, ho was '.ftaid that they might entice him away and loave bis mastor in the busb. Thia was, however, got over by a proposi tion made by Donald, and to which the parson agreed, which was to tho following offect : — , Umt on lying down for tho night before the liro, according to bush custom, the parson was to fasten tho end of hia horso'a tether | round his own leg ; then, should tho animal possess any inclination to stray, his owner would liavo full and ample warning. In con formity with this suggestion, tho parson and Donald Btretehud tiiemsolves on tho earth, placing their saddles unilor their heads, having thoir foot towardB tlio largo fire, which was constantly replenished by tbo man on watch. Tho ox-ministor fastened his horse's tblher to hia log, nnd considering that all was perfectly secure, was soon fast asleep. His long and weary ride, together with this being tbo first timo ho had alept on auoh a hard bed, caused him to havo fearful dreams. Donald, who expected to have some amuse ment from his invontion, novor closed hia eyes, when at last the horses belonging to them eamo round; on seeing them tlie stranger's horse made one bound towarda fcliem, dragging the unfortunate parson through the (ire. Donald was somewhat alarmed at the scene, and was unable for a abort time to arreat the animal or liberate iiis visitor, who, alter all, got off with merely having his olothea and hair singed. The parson took aome little timo to bo convinced that ho was still in the land of tho living. The task ot forming tho new station, and of holding possession against the attacka of savages, now devolved upon Oharlie, and many skirmishes tool; place between his men and tho aborigines, who appeared de'termined to drive tho whito-fellowa from their hunting ground. Every day fresh tracts of splendid country were disoovorod, and many placeB he took great pleasure in naming after favorite spots in hia own oountry. Many settlers followed in hia track, and took possession of the vast plaina and pas tures, whioh Boon formed a strong party to resist the savages. Charlie had by this timo built a pleaaure boat, in whioh ho made many exoursiona among the lakes, accompanied by some of the neighboring settlers and Donald. The first of these took place one beautifully calm day, when Donald, having his bagpipes with him, waa desired by his mastor to play the old favorite pibroch, an air whioh he had ab stained from playing ever since the loss of Bella, lest it might awaken sad thoughts in the mind of Oharlie. As tho rower3 measured their time with the . thrillling strain, and aa tho boat glided lei surely round ono of the picturesquo islets, Charlie, who was seated at tho helm, beoame overwhelmed with mournful thoughts, which woro awakened by the favorite pibroch, and tho surrounding scenery, whioh foroibly re minded him of happier day3. - , In order to hide his grief from his com panions, he turned round and directed his, gaze towards the islet thoy ' were slowly, passing. While hia eyes were fixed on the islet, his thoughts carried him baok to the soene at the Bridge of Linn, when he lie heard his lost Bella's endearing appeal on that memor able morning, calling to him— when, hark I the identical sound— ' Oharlie, dear, save mo,' Btruck hia ears above the strains of the musio. With ono bound he sprung up, and rushing to the bows, pulled the chanter from Donald's lips, and with looks of strange wild ness, exclaimed, 'Did you not hear her ?' Tho bewildered company, who concluded that ho was under a delusion, asked for an explanation, when he replied, ' I am certain it waa her voice.' One of the party now in formed thom that he aaw a blackfellow carry ing a female in his arma into the sorub 'on' the island opposite, and that she seemed to resist him by screaming out, which was pro bably what Oharlio had heard, and, mixed with the sound of the musio, took it for. the voice of somo acquaintance. The rest of tho company coincided iu this supposition, adding that if he had been thinking of some one at the time, tho fores ot imagination would construe the voice of the Warrigal female into what he fancied he heard. This argument tranquilisod hia mind a little, atill the sound and the words, with the never-to-be-forgotten voice, waa too real to be erased from his memory or mistaken, and nothing but the improbability of Bella being alive could allay or aatiafy his mind, nor oould he shake off the strange impression caused by the occurrenoo. Another strange circumstance happened at this time, whioh enveloped him still deeper in the mystery by which he was surrounded. One evening, while sitting in hia room after the labora rf the day, Donald, who had been on hiB usual rounds among the shepherds, entered breathleae, with a countenance which bespoke terror and he8itation, when his master addressed him as follows : — ' Well, Donald, everything all right among the shepherds 1 No moro attacks of the Warrigals, I hope ? Why, you look aa though you had seen a ghost.' ' To tell the truth, sir,' aaid Donald, 'if it was not a ghost I saw, I certainly saw some: thing approaohing it. But beforo I prooeed any further, I wish to ask a question, whioh I truBt you will answer.' 'Certainly, Donald, out with it,' said Oharlio. 'Well, thon,' continued Donald, 'I wish to know whether you are (as I have hesrd) a descendant ot the Meoble family 1' ' Undoubtedly I am, Donald, I hope you have not seen the CuGlas,' replied Oharlie. ' I'm sorry to say that I think I have,' said Donald; 'as I was riding aorosa the plain, just now, my horse began to prick up hia oars, nnd look behind him. It struck me first that tho blaoks were after me, but, on looking round, I saw a dog following me. Thinking it was a dingo, I slackened my Eaoe and drew my pistol to hnve a ahot at im. He thon came up to me, when I beheld in tho placo of a wild dog a large, groy atag hound, tho very pioture of poor Bran you left at homo, atood beforo me. Boing positive that no such animal was to be found in this colony, and according to tho description of tho Cti Olat, I instantly bethought myself that you wero a rotation of tho Meoble family, and that lie had followed you to Australia. After anifling at mo for a few seoonds, ho gave a whine, and loft mo.' ' A rathor long journey ho muat have had, Donald. I thought you had left all your superstition on tho other aide of tho line,'' re plied Oharlio, cmiling at hia Borvant'a tenaoity to Highland superstition. Aa Bomo of my rondors may be ignorant of the meaning of tha Cu Glits , Mhoobail or . Meoblo'a groy dog, I would juat say that an ancient impression existed among the High landers that a aort of follower, or tuhich, waa connectod with every old family, whioh, on curtain special occiiBiona, made itself visible — suoh as beforo a death, or any im portant event taking place, or occurring to 'ti, member or deaoendaut of tho family. Eaoh ' family had its own tuhich, in tho Bhapo of an animal ; hence tho Meoblo had its Cu Glas, or largo grey ataghoun'd. Although Charlie did makelightof Donald's Cu Glas at tho time, ho had iu a few days proofs ot its existence. A party of sottlera had formed themselves for the purposo of driving from tho neighbor hood a tribe ot troublesome natives, who wero slaughtering tho cattle, and harassing the I shepherds. After scouring the surrounding wooda without falling in with the Warrigala, they, on their return, oame upon a herd of kangaroos, among whioh was a white one— c.r»at rarity i,i tho colony — after whioh the whole party with their dof;a gavo chaso. The animal flew at a tremendous speed to wards a ateop-banked creek that intersected the plains, near which stood a olump of i-crub ; but, on hia approaching it, a largo grey staghound sprung out, causing the kan garoo to face the creek, which he cleared at a bound. The strango dog followed hie example, and in a short timo overtook his prey, whioh waa despatched on the spot ; the dog then trotted off towards the forest on the opposite aido of tho plains. The astonished equestrians and their out matched dogs, on coming to tho creek, wero obliged to pull up, not boing able to clear it. Oharlie Stuart, who waa among tho leading horseinon, gazed with astonishment at the dog, which none of tho party knew, when Donald drew up to his master's side, and whispered in his ear, ' I suppose you will be lieve your own eyes, and mo now.' Oharlie turnod sharply round, and replied, If Bran exists, that is liim.' ' No 1 no 1 ' added Donald, dubiously, ' the Gu Gins, and no other.' ' ? , ; ? ? (To be Continued.) 