WESLEYAN FOIEIGN7 MISSIONARY SOCI.ETY. 'JTu annual meeting of thile Goulburn branch of the Wesleyan Foreign Miesionary Society was Ichl in the lecturechallon Monday evening. 'lThe atltendanco was very large, all the sitting room being occupied. Upon the platform were the lHers. . Fison, J. E. Moulton, and It. Sellors, Mr. IIHery T'aleni (a native teacher), and MCesrs. W. Davies, F. Tait, J. W. Womhey, W. Sib;on, and S. F. Bllaos:moro, the eecretry of the Ooulburn branch. Tih meeting was commeuccl by thg singing of a hymn and the lI:e. I. SHllars offering prayer. The chair was taken by Mr. W. Davies, who Paid the position of presiding over meetings in that hall was generally an easy one, but it -was particularly so that ovcniug, as it woutl bh unneccssary for him to deliver an oponing addre-s as they were favoured wilth tihe presenc of a delutation whrom they wouldl rather bhear than himself. Although the native teacher could not create a Eensation by relating that lie had fed on human flesh, there being no canuibalismr amongst the Tongan?, yet his address would be intereeting. The examination which these ialanders underwent at the college was as difliclt as that which youn[g men of their age had to pass in thia colony; in fact, in mental arithmetic the lquestions avere such in sCeouaul puzzle. many educat:id pervons to nauewr. They wouhl have an opportunity of hearing the beauty of the Toungu language. Beforo calling upon any of tile deputation to asliress them he would oask the secretary ,f tih branch to reaC ex. tracts from the report pre=arted to the conference by the general recretary, Ire. Dr. fKelynatck. Mr. H. F. Blackmore, lion. secretary, read thae following cxtraets from the aonual repiolt : - The work of theo Chinees-as .i.on i Vijr 1 1 ia l al.:: r . stirl dl bng the la ejr fith fie sot l aid a fair o-"lr ofs r :lci- -. ConreTling that wii rk cs Lne sra lilttl t. r h,-, ,l ains t r ul stiering ancdlcntr, tor der, It gath er u, it-,:alln inti..: t h' rl romlentl i eiaim etl r on' that ;rich ti ii toll ntt?tit,' a awll fir, airhoarrt in srrn'rlia,,t. - ith tn, r t z : in th,.-e c¢nL::n T;.e?. Tlortrn i i u:e,,liof ,? n i l i as ,trirr iiiilsM ,Iln~e tratlt iurn a a til rir inth a clia ot pi, t , ,', f O r rh.: ,.h; i ,n ]ro ofs has -?lr. L??ofae, ' the - dtul i nuc: rok, r.-dI in th s ra.urlur alahe that ,r a i It ri: p - ia a . null ,t ao - ps way n lvsi'sat i, t " his ld friu !, Mr .a with bhon. Nra'o- i b t he r h'mi L ouill i, fr "f Iala worerts in llt ? dHearcm, it h.Ir: itr t th e ·th. r of l;t Iskirs hae iio en dto noy o.f r. Mulo ainnr. ISol on ialhea ci* "! to F. i,. hrt laa ,htl.'ot ry the dteJiatlolsot hurricrne, h hi th d:a nl"l an":l- h a a',sin "?p "r I.rtny, ad e hich tl,, ran-o I ,-a? ,;rrr a r.a li'. tva-lv, I oar i! sot o arsthip re ,tre lo?ntl' t h~o a i' nerl. n, L a trsi -i: T?aoi art atil airta d-. onris sC-l a::,l thati s ,f !! ln la , coe ileora otanosl; te vis?? lm'ars o'o' loalt glinn- brtultlrr. trety sare Mena ',ron, ta', u 'n a a:iw,,, s-e crwe 1, ann-ro faman, fo aao], pith at n batha R Irr'n .na,-0r -in11-_ ih. itl:ro. dndtio of Chritiauit; i-th o thn rrnlc. Dt, it, h,)eocrr th~e alnonrdoit et and ll, r,? "-ttis 1iv ' thi, tilta:it, themc:nhrn ,~on r charch, aidI by thb e .ui-,ie nc.s an.l o latirtr. o:!I,-r.b ubalhes?.a"w cat dO-ro, th-e vwn ill-.idae orthe t htl. ly ol .ed the ~elnt?. o ,o r nor"iltp. \1Sn har .lan?ii atl ingr 1a ds eerarl f oar a . u re', li va aby lit- re .to ra? ti: aorll rSoily Irmitond alir iily lrasos trea i thli their vuioe ,lai: y aretinu, a. ttoewe l t ! 't-im t t h r, h rSul:s f-rr cr f ar'..itg ltataseas-?r to sb-,a atlia, libo i la .l=?l,1i ians sa t-i, the tchio ci theiriterar li-rl it ai n r~aw in asur- itri1 a,! f lietiaua. Thera norsnl tre the yeari is o:nc of i amrit toil, no nd. tlf?atld vill ecrisdlSas iofjuvln eirane biBr !a nlt. Ihle ,o nd of the Nt: Bt'ritaIin ofni'IIo i -, hl It, g ,,hr-: dting L11 year, boi it l:aO no t Io 'al iitha'it l tlt ourai.iniio aldo. Dosing the oau r als.e rv.oo asy lt vi~ it'l S- uth ,oL ti railia ?iil Victoraun the iirnteoCte fi the lepari? hilp iturnt, which now tlhoda no £45 ia. atafdm at t3 ym uh.an Crlectio:la, Et,, inG -'lltr? Cireait for sontr 15i3. Crllctijua dtaer eanoal otarso.s nild p aablie o r.fimni .................................... £± 3 2 10 Cel yeottel o u ltr ae ineu frr.in mis?lono iqa in Jrsauand ui?ls I'faa ...... £ 1 0 e.O r .......................... 5 0 ,ltll Davies and 7.i1. Olirrr .......... 80 iA. Ponis asuldiicl t COl Pin ...... It 1G 0 Mr.G. on i ee IUia.................... 6 10 S":,3 7 a Proltia for fuci: :i , ?t .................. 7 10 8 Conisittn by J arae:i l?.i iisioa oe S yi-ty £ o} 1t 8 Ont oalolt L hi-h. is r l to.n ariuiaile sa .......... 42 15 4 103 14 10 Los p epo:n a e............ 1 h t a10" 4 11 The Chairman stated that as no set resolutions had boon prepared, tlme speakers woeald have full copes to address thie meeting. lHe called upon tho ino. Lorimer Fisoa MA. to first address the meeting. The lIev. Lorimer Fison said he swas a straugor in Goulburn, and thfir excellout pastor, the Ioev. R. Sllors, had followed the Scriptural injuncetion-o"I wan a stranger aod yo tooke m ir." (ttrglahter.) to wans paying a visit to lhis old friend, Mr. Tait, and had beon taken in by their miuitier to takle na address. lo eonsidored thaut he was only a skirmisher in advanoe of Mar. Moulton arid Henry Taleai. In reference to Fiji, wherce ie had laboured, it eas only recently that heathenism had disapreared; it existed amongst tire moruntain tribes after Fiji had become a British colony. Wheon lie and ftr. Tail arrived ir tira island cannibalism voo praetised by tire tribes in til western islands, which were the most populousa The islanders are good ragriculturists they mise terraces upin wlice thlsy grow the taro, and they intercept streamns for tih purpose of irrigation. Villages are formed of werll-built mlueao, anod eacl villgr is divided i biteaen tlia diffWerrrt families. Between each house is lelt a strip of ground, which belougso tequally to the two residences, and must he cultivated by tha occupiers of bothil housesan. Outsido th village are thil arableo lauds, which belong to ar individual, but are cnltivntle for the general gotod. FIurther oety are thie lorest or asteo lands, u rere only ier.ons recidutig in thie villrgo are allowed to cut tiuber ilud rushes for covering their houses. Tihe ra-:idenes-i are lbuil oi llnlrounds ot earthn, the cleiel' nraurd being higher tLunaiu people's, and that of the aliatitla oi thie gi.liad i?er Still. Ilo (Mr. l:iHou) believed that thbi origin ot those mouands rprang ir some wsay from tilhe high places mentioned in the :icripturo aur baieg over. thrown by Josiahr. Idols did niot osilst in Fiji. Tihe gods woro their anrccstors, wihoati they roverceced from an idea that they miglht rotunri arrd do Ithea Itarm, This feeling of fear iwiii shrairai in threir burying their dead with tire Inca dlarvnvard, nud in many other customsu. The au?;iner of thie Fijian when aked whyry ho did anry of these practices wav invariably--" becaeao our fathers did the rtoca; " and this waos a dilfficulty tIlhat tile lmissionarties had to overcome in trying to usiu their away from he.tholism. This folluwiug of pireceding ages is thi law of the iilander. An long as peace xistetl lltere would be no murder, as it was wroing to kill their own bin. Each village is governed by a couuneil of olders, presided over by a high ruling bchief, who does not rankl higher than teny of the other cbiefs, but is oimply looked upon as their leader. When be dies the office does not deecelnd to his eon, bit is filled by election from the elan. Tha chief cause for qluarrels arises out of erecting thotrausas. One comes and puts in a post claiming it to be his corrier aunother disputes it, and whoa the altorcation becomesc likely to lead to blowc, the chief interferes by throwing his club between the autagorists, aid they desist; the disputeo betwccun them is theu oettled by the chief. Fijian cusaimn rill not permit of a fugitive being followed into a house and slain; if a chief wished to kill anyone in a dwelling io would not enter but callhim out. War arises between dilffrert villages from the custom that hoen a member of any tribe nas killed it became theo duty of his relatives to avenge his blood; and as no young man wns co?n cidered to have arrived at manhood till he had tred the blood of an enemy, frequent qunarrels arose. Whon an enemy sans hilled, his body wars brought into the public oqours and daihed on a atone erected there. Thu ltona which nes formorly used for thin purpose oft iau has noo' beae made into a fout for the now chapel built iy lr. Langhalm the trim. cionary ulving there. Tho men in the employment of the British government maneo fhi misttabe thiat aftoer they havo been in Fiji for ticlve months they Imnow all about tha inhabitauta. When tfhn ais. aionaries first went to a place they hbd to gain the good-will of the chief, und it wan generally some. whoro along thu coast thnt tloy commenced opera. tiono. After Thaliomban renounced heathenism Christianity opread rapidfy, us many of the minor chioub embraced Chariotianity to gain his protectiioi. An an instance of this the opeaker referred to a tribe which rose against their chief in consoeuuence of liis inhuman conduct towards oeo ofhie bines and drove him out; ao took refuge with a neighbouring trie' and aroused them to fight in hin cauni; his old sub j(ott boing ',too mesh to resislt appliod to Thakom. baun for ani~taneo, anor Itl tlo gaiauion'rien for teachercs. All the pioneer worlk wcs dre by t'he native toeachere, and hI (.Mr. Fi on), upon this appli. catiof being made, felt he could not in reply to it tell any of them assembled in the qLurtcrly meeting to go, 0a he knew it would very probably b' to meet their death, na none of them could lea;e their village to proceed to another and be certain of not being murdered on the way; etill when he pro. rented thie cse to them, more than aulhicient of all age;s tood up offering themselves to go. tIe celected tbhe number that was required and E rcme of them were elain. The first duty which a teaher had to attend to was the burying of the bone of the victims collected in the quare of a village. Upon becoming menmbera of the church the Fijians had to put away nil but one wife, and to be married to her according to Christian rites. Objections had been raised against this rule on tile ground that it was wrong to force them to divorce their wives, but these are groundless, as according tocuntom they are at liberty to Ecnd away any of their wives i when they please, as long as they give property to take with them, and it ofllt happened that a wife applied to be allowed to go back to her own pcople; and having property they had no difficulty in obtaiin'ing s Rhands, especially if they had been the wives of influ ential chliefe. The ilanders had a great fear of rcpeating their names aloud, and this canned great difficulty to a missionary when baptizing them, and on many occasionrs hle was unable to catch the name and had to repeat something approaching it, know ing that the native teacher would write it down pro perly afterwards. The different congregations in the villages were under the control of a head native teacher whre ,as again governed by the ordained minsionary stationed at the tread station, where all used to gather rqnrterly inl a meeting, and at ome0 of these mleetingo mti- ring accounts used to be given of the devotion of many native teachers who were rwounrded in the execution of their duty, and on being brought home to die would bear te-'timony of their zeal in their work ; and although the day of injury to the t,'chers is past, still they erince the ?ame earnestne-s in their Saviour's work. (Applause.) Tihe lie. J. E. Moulton and Talcii sang one of the Tongan ihymns, which was greatly appreciated by the adid ace. 'I he Chairman introaiced the tce. . E. M?oulto as the next Epeaker. His cork was one of educating the youth, and he had been lately to England to uperiontend the printing of a revised copy of the ecripturc? in the Tongan tongue. The Rlev. J. E. Moulton said it had been ap!easure to him to listen to the interesting address which they had just heard. lie believed the Tongan race to be superior to that of the Fijian. as shown in their troat ent of women ; for whilst to a Fijian his wife is little better than a slave, a Tongan treats his as his rlual ; and from this fact arose many of the idflicultics tho early missionaries had to overcome. Thel Tongan" were not cannibals, and the greatest insult you could offer to them -was to call them such. Upon his arrival at the island nineteen years ago the mission was underging a change. The first missionaries had to acco:oplish a work of destruc tiou, and they had performed that by the overthrow of heathenirm, which was now completely forgotten; and although the Tongans might retrograde, it would be impo.ssible for them to return to their anucient customs. The work of re-construction had to begin, and this was being done when he arrived. In destroying their religion some of their games were overthrown, which, although innocent in themselves, weore likely to beo productive of evil. The greatest dilliculty they had to deal with in reforming the rae, was the custor) that when any man or woman married they married the whole family of brothers or sistera. The tabooing of brother and sister that is, the forbidding of them to hold conversation together-was anoother hindrance, as thereby they lost the influence a sister has over a brother. As an instance of this, the speaker referred to a girl in his wvife's employ, who on being requested to go out in the boat with the family refused to do so on account of ter brother being one of thi rowers. In perform. ing the marriage ceremony the bride and bridegroom used to stand with their backs to one another, and after a great deal of persuasion they had succeeded in causing them to join hauds; they still do' not look at one another, and when the ceremony is finished the husband goes out of one door and the wife out of another. IIe had endeavoured to educate the native youth in the Euglish habit of courtship, as be believed it to be a beneficial one, but had been met with the reply that it would make them the laughing.stock of the village. Education was doing a great deal towards improving the state of rociety, for when the boys first became educated they requested him to teachtiho girls also, as they did not wish to live with uneducated wives; and his wife not being able to spare time from her domestic duties to undertake the task, and he being fully engaged witll the boys, the girls wore compelled to join the same classes as the boys. Every two years an examination is held, which includes tiwo books of Euclid, algebra, scriptural knowledge, and many*other subjects, and tihe names of those boys and girls who competo succaesfully are inscribed on the glass of the bowhwindow in the college. Upon a visit of a naval ollicer, Captain MIarkham, one of the girls went through the soveuntl proposition of the third book of Euclid (which anyone in the ball who had studied that branch of education would know u as not an easy one) as well as Professor Potts could. The Tongaus have good memories, and it is a great mistake to consider them as a low race. To show the progress they have made he would take the sub. ject of music. The first instrument they had was a kind of flute which they used to play through the nose. (Laughter.) Another instrument was one simlilar to a pan.pipe, and a third was a bamboo with which they kept time by beating the ground, Iio commouced teaching them music by instructing them in the productions of Mozart nud other eminent :musicians. HIe would instance the pro grees tlhey had made by ninging pieces of their own composition, at the different periods. The first was a sons about a mouutain: on which a young man had loft his lover, being afraid of an evil spirit; the ccond was a sacred poem on the blood of Christ; and the third was a composition by one who had beoul educated in MIozart and HIIndol, and swhieh soowed great progress. (Applause.) Another hymn was sung by Mr. Moultou, and the nalive teucher, which was well received. During this time a collectiou was made, Mr. Htenry Taleai, a student at the college at Tlubou and a local preacher, next addressed the audience, theo lev. J. E. Moulton acting as inter. preter. Ilt said--"I thank God you look so well, Mr. Chairman ; also the superintelding minister, andl the geutlemesn on the platformn. I feel that Geod is with ina in this meeting. I ee the audience look. isng pleased and lagling at what is said and poor nm cannot iundlerstad ; still God is in my heart. WVhet admuiring all the beauties of your town to- day I felt tlhcso wesre ies inotling in comparison to the love of God. I was delighted with the number that came to the Sunday.eshool yesterday afternoon, and amil thankful to you for holding missionary meetings in the past and sending money to teach us theo Gospel. The change it Ihas wrought in Tonga is great. Ify fathellr lad two tinsgers cut off as a soonri. flex to tht sdtvil; but such deeds were not permitted now. In olden times the bodies of the dead were mutilated, but iuw' they are buried in the cemetery swith hymns and prayer." Thie speaker then repeated two verses of the hymn For Ever wit the Lord. As a comparison to show the love that Europeans bore to his people lie made use of an amusing simile, taking the story told by a traveller of seeing a tribe of monkeys comi to a river, which wishiug to cross the male monkeys made a bridge by clinging to one another's tails, and thus allowed the females and young to cross; he referred to the missionaries as being the living bridge across which the knowledge of the Gospel wasseout to their laud. The illustration caused great amusement. lie used another fable to illustrate the IIoly Ghost's work of pointing the siuucr to the Saviour. It waas s follows: The con. stellatiso of Orion fell in love with a young lady whom he was continually going to see, until at last sho, becoming wearied of his attention, put out his oyes; he woent to another chief to ask him how he would recover his sight; who told him if he would go and sit in the heavens in the course of thfe sisun he would receive his eyesight base again. Tonga was lihke Orious; she had followed heathenism till it had blinded her; thou the Holy Spirit had come like the sun and stihed light upon their hearts by directing thuin to a Saviour. (Applausio.l Mr. J. W. WVombey 'proipscd aud Mr. Sibson socouded tohe follolwing rosolution : 'that tho thanks o this neooting tro gienn to the dliot n?d younlo paOl o wlo ave ulud: tho aloo year collcrted Itor the wntalu l', alol thlt tIe toll t? '|!tgentltmen torn thL th?i?ioonry comtittco for the y'ar:--tllosa. . V, Davlc, J. Cal.:cll, ltd^,'cs, J. Oliver, Sibstl, l'on, Wombey, Lantotvn, locall, Cooper, 'orrall, Colburt, Inltni, r .en Unvle?, Fhottbco, 1F. l:moot, WVal Inll, tI'. Olincr, Itallton, 0. Furter, J, Inattrd, ntI Armsatrollg: lov. 1t. Sellers (ox omiio) and J. nond, treasurcr ; and S. F. elontuore, seocrtary. Tihe resolulion was carried unanimouoly. Ou tile motion of Mr. F. Tait, accoudo by Ron. It. Sallra, a vote of thanks was accdrdod by aucol?nation to the deputation. On the motion of the Re:. L. Fieon, rc:oudod by iRe. J. E. MIoulton, a vote oa th1au1k was given to the chairman, and appropriately acknowllgced. A portion of the litany and the song Home, Sweet Home wore rung by Rev. J.E. oulton and _Mr. Henry Taleai. The Chairman stated that in the church at Tonga they had a choir of a hund?ed and. fifty voic?, divided into two parts, who chant tho litany on Sund-.y, each division taking a response. Tihe meeting concluded with the singing of the donology and the pronouncing of the benediction by Riev. It. Sellore In counc-tion with the name object a meetinw was held at Mummel on Tuesday night, and at Forest Lodge latt night, and a meeting will take place at Murray'c Flats to-night. 