r:..THlf TRINITY. A mystory'most awful-most divine, No flnito bsnso theo problem cin iunfoldi How in.one holy God-hoad?Ithere oan'shine '; Three distinct beings. Thus the tale is told. A'mystery I YeYowhy a mystery?' S:,Se you you sun in all his glorythere - Note now his ossence in this flowering tree ; Now watch his light through' this my case meont ware.; '.. :: ?' ! .' S nThis thought-likdcOod, the Fathor'is your Shining in all his wondrous majesty.; ? . His mission, who. can tell PJ,-his course, , a why run?. ,And in tho power which helprs thel treb to grow . So fair and odomly-i this I'think Ib' see The Holy Ghost, whose power so well I know Only,can give soul-health and strongth to And in -the light which through my window A,light which all may seo and analyse, Which.falls upon my floor iii radiantflines, . Like Christ my.Saviour:is it.to my eyes. Reprove me not, oh! wiser one'than rI t. 'Tis not my wish to cast your creed 'aside. " Why, is-notJoesus always here? P' you cry, . Likor sun's light?' I answer, Jesus We drove our.loving Savifiur from our'hearth; As we the rays'of yon bright sun might kill; He lovingly disdained not human birth, : And inatter 'coies within 'our powerwo and 'will. i t . " ?-; .But-ah I.-I cannot tell, though mnch I try, . This thought of God which ever in:me lies,' SThat,not threo.be ings in the Godhead lioe M: oro like throo.actions done by the All-wiso; Canihot some a:bler pbn than mino unfold The mystery which all should know so well? Does it-ah, does it still need-as of old, SAn Ang61's voice; tin Angel's togues to toll ? Nov. 4. " Thei sentonce of ;the ' court. is," :said Judge Porter, a popular Irish. magistrate, to a- notorious'- drunkard, "that. you; be confined to gaol for tho longes. period::the law allowsi and ' hope you will. sp'64dd yotr:atiipe: in .cursing' whisky.". ?I'- will sir, and Forter, tqo' : : ",: Of the countless good stories 'attributed .to Artemus Wardthe best. on6, ,porhaps, is one:which tellsiof th6; advices which' -he gave to a Southlen railroadocbndpetorlocn afterthe iar. 'he .road was in a. retched condition, and, the trains, conssquently; were ruL at' a:'phenozioeally 'low rate 'of speed. When the coriductor was pulihing his ticlet, Arteuiis oe reinar il, D s tJe railroad company allow passengere' to' give itadvice,' ,f' thliey doilso 'in a 'respectful miinaer ?" 'The conductor -rplibd, in gri?tones, thathe guessed so. !: Well," Art muewhton on, 'it occuiirred to 1°e tlhat it".would to well to ddtich the cowv-catcheir ffoiu the fronit of 'the engine, and hitch' it to'the rear of thetirain, -for you see'we are not liable to overtake a cow, but what's to prevent'a:cow from strolling into this car, and bhtinga passefage ?' ' - '' S"?' wisii r ~fi" a gentleemau:oipopaite to um,' 'aid .an irritable old fellowv at.-the dine.ar y'. " Why do you wish. such a tliihg ? . was the retort. You cannot be more opposite to a gentleman than you-are at present. ' T"he bJoy' lI d6nbt aokeo; "Toi i average life of a loconmotive is onlyi thirty years. 