LADIES' COLUMN. LADIES NEWSLETTER. [From our Lady Correspondent.] London, October 30, 1884. Any direct departure from time honored custom is sure to challenge criticism, kindly or severe, as the case may be. The represen- tation of Hamlet, as at present played by Mr. Wilson Barrett at the Princess's, is un- conventional, but it is the result, no doubt, of the analysis made by this rising actor of the character of the Prince of Denmark and though the interpretation differs consider- ably in certain acts from that with which London playgoers are familiar, it remains to be seen by the test of time whether the new features introduced by Mr. Barrett will receive general sanction or be regarded as having falsified the text and general meaning of the play. It is certainly daring to alter Shakespeare's text, and by making Hamlet a youth instead of a man of the world, experienced in all its dubious ways, some inconsistency is here and there inevitable. There are passages which dis- tinctly fix the age of the Prince at thirty years or thereabout, and the soliloquy and the thoughts which engendered it, he should hardly expect to find in the addle- pated utterances and ideas of a youth whose years scarcely exceed a score. The altered representation of other characters seems more intelligible. Hitherto the Queen of Denmark and her new spouse appeared too advanced in life to substantiate some of the accusations hurled at them by the avenging prince. If at all Mr. Barrett has erred in making her majesty too juvenile, for she looks barely thirty, whilst the king must have been a quarter of a century his brother's junior; if the ghost were as like as two hands to its mundane original. Not only situations have been changed, but many of the attitudes familiarised by usage have been sub- versed. Hamlet, for instance, instead of lying prone at the feet of Ophelia in the play scene, is seated on a rustic bench by her side, she being clad in pale pink robes. Now Miss Ellen Terry chooses white gar- ments in her delineations of the ill-starved daughter of Polonius. Miss Eastlake, on the contrary, beside the pink garments alluded to, wears first a kirtle of some soft blue tissue, embroidered with pearls, the sleeves being loose and wide; a band of blue velvet worked with seed pearls confines her light blonde hair. A woman's eye for elegant details is caught by the tasteful and luxu- rious appointments of the Queen's boudoir; it is the most exquisite of tiring rooms—yet so soon to be made the scene of blood- rhedding and violence. In it sits her Danish Majesty, surrounded by her women; she wears a lively amber-hued dressing robe, which harmonises delightfully with the brave tints of her auburn hair. Polonius, whom we hear by tradition regarded as an aged courtier, is seen as if in the prime of his days, or only a little past them. Hamlet wears the inky cloak, close-fitting tunic, and black hose of tradition, but has white linen at the throat and wrists. These, in the course of the play, are exchanged for bands or red. Instead of longhair Mr. Wilson Barrett elects for a short crop of silky black bair, and his out-of-door head gear is a soft conical black felt hat. Everybody is going to the Princess's, and the alterations referred to form a subject of discussion in every circle and place of assembly. One word more with reference to the speech made by Wilson Barrett when called before the curtain at the conclusion of the initiatory performance. In it he alluded to the fact that twenty- five years before he spent his last sixpence in order to get sn opportunity of seeing Charles Kean'sa representation of Hamlet, which so fired his ambition that he vowed to play it himself on the same boards when a man. The realisation of his dream has now been fulfilled; but some carpers think it a piece of claptrap sentiment, entirely unworthy of the tragedian, who has no occasion to resort to such means for enhancing his undeniable successes. The action brought by Earl Lytton to restrain the publication of the late Lord Lytton's letters to his wife has again been postponed. Ihe alteration in the law, as effected by the passing of the Married Woman's Property Act, has produced many important changes advantageous to women, but as the letters were written long prior to such passing, a wife was incapable of holding any property apart from her husband. Lord Lytton is his father's executor, and the right to publish the letters remains in all cases with the writer or his representatives, and even the letters written before marriage became property vested in the husband after the ceremony. Still, the executrix of Lady Lytton and her advisers seem inclined to put the case to the test of judgment, but it is thought unlikely they will be allowed to publish the book. Many persons think Lord Lytton has been ill-advised in his interference, and that considering some extracts have already crept into print, it would have been more dignified to have ignored the matter. A nine days' wonder, and the private history of deceased persons, would soon have ceased to interest; as it is, curiosity has been wetted by this dread of publicity, and if unsatisfied, will probably strain imagination further than open relation would justify. However, we shall see. Spurious relics are by no means un- common. Many prized treasures have three or four, or more, duplicates, each being by its possessor accounted original. There are three skulls of Voltaire knocking about the world, and as for the toenails of St. Peter, he must have shed them with frequent and periodical regularity to account for the number extant. A man in Chicago is said to be in possession of a silver tankard once the property of John Bunyan, and weighing 22 ounces. The vicis- situdes of this valuable if authentic relic are singular. It bears date 1671, and at the death of Bunyan is said to have been given to the Rev. Andrew Gifford, pastor of the Baptist Chapel in Bedford. His heirs, being in impecunious circumstances, pawned the cup to a London broker. It was finally redeemed, and by right of heirship, bequest, and purchase finally passed into the hands of its present owner, who estimates the worth of the relic at £1,000. The cup is en- graved in interlaced capitals, "The Pilgrim's Progress." At the bottom is an inscription which tells it is "the gift of Nathaniel Ponder to Elizabeth, wife of John Bunyan, of Bedford." It is a pity that this interesting relic should have passed out of English terri- tory, but the passion of Americans for trea- sures from the old world is intense, and their veneration of them is often far in excess of our own appreciation of the belongings of past celebrities and times. Hardly an American of any intelligence comes to this country without visiting Shakespeare's birthplace and place of entomb- ment, yet hundreds of thousands of Shakes- peare's countrymen, not by any means illite- rate, live and die totally unacquainted with the locality sacred to the poet's memory. I am told that though large numbers of the feline race have been imported into Lead- ville and the surrounding disfcriot, pussy's constitution does not enable her to stand the climate, the rarefied air found at such an altitude being entirely fatal to the race. It is fortunate for householders that the atmos- phere which is destructive of cats is equally so to the vermin which it is pussy's mission to exterminate. Much wonder has been expressed at the infatuation which induces so many English women to join the Mormon community at Utah. It is a pity Miss Emily Faith- ful's work on Mormonism has not a wider circulation, for assuredly if read it would debar her countrywomen from sacrificing honor and happiness by the false representations of the Mormon mis- sionaries who yearly recruit in the United Kingdom. The humiliations and pains which a woman suffers under that detestable system of polygamy have been set forth very graphi- cally by Miss Faithful, who spent some time in Salt Lake city, and was there the confidant of the sorrows of many a miserable wife. It is sad the chances of matrimony in the mother country are so restricted that not one woman in fifty may hope to wed there, and so in sheer despair the sex is driven to seek marital chances else- where. It is a lamentable state of civilisation when the God-given and holy instincts of women are turned into a channel that debases and defames wifehood and motherhood—are they not holy estates?—and does not woman regard the fulfilment of these duties as her destiny and the object of her existence—a birthright which present civilisation has de- frauded her of. One may weep but hardly wonder that the weaker ones who cannot proudly bow the head to a subversion of natural laws, and so bear their fate, should be driven to find for them- selves that remedy which the laws of their country, social and moral, deny them. An acquaintance of mine who was invited to meet the celebrated African explorer, Stan- ley, this describes him to me:—"A short, very ordinary-looking little man, firmly built, with a grave, resolute face, and high cheekbones." Stanley is a Welshman, and was born at St. Asaph in the year 1840. His real name is John Rowlands. He adopted the name he now bears in memory of a Captain Stanley, with whom he made his first voyage to New Orleans as cabin boy. This officer proved a most kind and devoted friend to his subordinate. The advantages derived from early educa- tion Stanley the explorer never possessed; his first years were spent in a workhouse in his native town, but no trace of early educa- tional disadvantages are apparent either in the speech or manners of the famous travel- ler. His voice is extremely melodious, and though decidedly uncommunicative concern- ing his own share in them he readily relates romantic incidents connected with the wild African tribes he has fallen in with in his re- mote wanderings. Stanley's adventures are matter for history. The following is a brief summary of his later career. He fought with the Confederate army in America, hut afterwards joined the Federals. He was taken prisoner and suffered many hardships before his love of adventure took him on his travels. He went in search of Livingstone, and at Zanzibar, in Cen- tral Africa, in October, 1871, he accomplished the object of his wishes. Stanley remained with Livingstone until the latter started on his last and fatal journey. "Through the Dark Continent," and "How I found Living- stone," Stanley's books acquaint the reader with full particulars of that perilous enter- prise which has won undying fame for the at one time illiterate waif of charity.—The Duchess of Cumberland, sister to the Prin- cess of Wales, had a narrow escape last week. Passing over a rustic bridge on horseback the structure gave way, and steed and rider fell into the stream below. Though undermost the duchess was only slightly injured, her escape from death being little less than miraculous.—My readers at the antipodes may like to hear what amount of baggage is thought essential for royal persons and their suite who pay a three days' visit—the rest day, the pressed day, and the day of depar- ture being the limit of a royal visit in this country. The Princess of Wales and her husband stayed at Norwich last week, and I happened to be at St. Pancras station on the day of their return. Two private carriages were in waiting, and for the transport of luggage there were four large, handsomely-built vans, a pair of horses in each, and two stately look- ing liveried servants on the box. An or- dinary household might with all its belong- ings have been accommodated in the vehicles found necessary to transport those of the Prince and Princess necessitated by a three days' sojourn in the country. The Health Exhibition was formally but quietly closed yesterday, November 30. It is estimated that over a million and a quarter persons have visited the Healtheries since its opening in May last. The profits of the undertaking are roughly estimated at £40,000 or thereabouts. 