LITERATURE* trsTEAUAN literature as a native product is not abundant. We have books of various kinds written in Australia, but, like the best stock and grains, they are of European descent. The la.ngua.gu, the style of ex pression and thought, arc such as we find in Kngiiflb books. Then; are only a very few writers whose productions »re racy of the land we live in. Among these is Marcus Clarke, the author of that famous work *' For tiie Term of His Natural Life' It is a painfully realistic exposition of the dreadful miseries associated with the transportation and penal servitude of criminals in the Australian Colonies. Though well and powerfully written it contains lesB evidence of the genius of Marcus Clarice than the volume now before as. The writing in the latter, io style and substance, U essentially Australian. It shows that the author had become rn rapport with the peculiar phases of colonial life in city and bush, and had attained the rare faculty of realising these with his pen in a manner natural yet original ; graceful yet strong ; amusing yet suggestive, Marcos Clarke was a Cockney, having been born at Kensington in 1846\. Hia father was a barrister in good circumstances, and Marcus, an only child. was well educated, bnt owing to the death of bis mother, not carefully brought on. His father died suddenly, and left the subject of our notice heir to £800, many bad h&bita;, and no Uwful pro fession. In a pique at the way his quondam friends turned from him in his poverty, he resolved to emigrate to Australia. He landed at Melbourne, and through the influence of hiq uncle, Judge Clarke cot a situation in a bank. He was too careless for such methodi cal work &s; was demanded of him, and had a long leave of absence. He next pat in a part of hiR life on a station up-country, and ulti mately became a writer for newspapers and magazines published in Melbourne. It is of selections from his writings at this time that the volume before us is composed. It is pre faced by a commendatory letter from the Earl of Roseberry, and a biography by the Editor. The latter is written with an eye to the abilities of Clarke. Not much ia said about his character, but there is enough to show he must hare been one of those impracticable Bohemians, whose conduct ia strangely at variance with that of clever men of the world. Through the influence of bis frwnds he received appointment* and literary work, but, from sheer carelessness evidently, abused the trust reposed in him, and was thrown on bis own resource*. He struggled along, working fitfully till August, 1 881, when he died of a, complication of diseases, of which, erysipelas was the most nrvnmnent. The vomme before us is a most attractive one, and throws the glamour, as it were, of the hot Australian sunshine on city life and ^banners ; on types of characteristic colonists ; and on the scenery and sensations of the bush. The sketches are the oatcome of keen obser vation, a fine rollicking humour, contempt for deceit of all kind, and thorough dis gust far the assumed positions of ignorant wealth. 'In a Bark Hut' is charming, end the picture of BuZlocktown is delightfully real and nmnwing. ** Pretty Dick *' is a prose poem that few eenatire readers will pernse with unmoistened eyes. ' The Future Aus tralian Race** is a strange essay, and is all the more striking because of the apparent reason ableness of the deductions in it. The scraps of poetry illustrate in their way the light eome humour and tender sentiments of their author. The volume is one that on its merits should gain a wide circulation. We quote the following short sketch : — A NIGHT DC THE BUSH. There is an indescribable ghaeUincss about the mountain bosh, which has affected most imaginative people- The grotesque and dis torted trees, huddled here and there to gether in the gloom like whispering conspir ators ; the little open flats encircfal by tMralders, wiu'cb seem the forgotten aitajs of some unholy worship ; the white, bare, and ghastly giims, gleaming tnomenton}}' sjrdd the deeper shades of the forest ; the lonely pools. begirt with shivering reeds, and hannted by the melancholy bittern only ; the rifted and draggled creek bed, which seems violently gouged oat of the lacerated earth by eorae savage convulsion of nature ; the silent and solitary places where a few blasted trees crowd together like wittered witches who, brooding on Borne deed of blood, have been suddenly stricken horror -stiff— riding through this nightmare landscape a whirr of wings and a harsh cry disturb you from time to time ; hideous and mocking laughter peals above and about you ; and huge gray ghosts, with little red eyes, hop away with gigantic but noiseless bounds. You shake your bridle, the marc lengthens her stride, the tree trunks run into one analher, the leaves make over head a continuous curtain, the earth reels oat beneath you like a strip of gray, cloth spun by s furiously flying loom, the air strikes your face sharply, the bosh, always gray ant colourless, parts before you, and closes behind you like a log. Vou loose yourself in the prevailing indecision of sound and colour. You become drunk with the wine of the night, and, losing your individuality, sweep onward' on a flying phantom, in a land of shadows. The Gcixt is a publication, the character and aim of which will Ik- found iii the note to this column. Upon internal evidence alooo . we have come to the conclusion the person who was at the expense of publishing it had ' wore money than wit tu jcuidu it. Few : colonists will read it, and it will be a wonder , if they find cither amusement or pleasure in | 