SPORTING NOTES. ATHLETICS. lo-morrow evening Donald Diimic, assisted by Mous. Victor, will appear at Matthew's circus, aud will no doubt prove a great source of attraction. The following opinions of the press concerning those athletes havo been handed to us for publication :— "At the Dumfries sports, N.N.-," (says the " Gallo way Herald," of July 1677), "Donald Dinnie wa« un doubtedly the observed of all observers in the field, "With a muscular frame, and supporting about 100 gold and silver medals on his breast, he certainly looked a. man that would be ill to beat in the event, where sheer strength of muscle, combined with an active aud wiry constitution, are most required, and in these not oue of his 02>]K>ueuts stood the ghost of a chance." The "Bulletin" of Saturday, 9th February, 1SS-4, shaking of Victor at the Miller-cum-Foley combina tion, at the Academy of Music, says " Victor handled half-hundredweights in a way that suggested ungene rous doubts as to their beiug 56-potiuders—doubts wlxich wo were meau enough to eutertain, till we sneaked round aud handled them ourselves." Diunie is to arrive this afternoon from Castlemainc by the 4.20. p.m. train. FOOTBALL. The Bendigo and Sandhurst Imperials tried con- i clusious in the Upper-Reserve on Wednesday. The ; game resulted in a draw, the scores beiug Bendigo six j belauds, Imperials five beliinds. J. Bradley captained j the Imperials, whilst F. Dickason acted similarly for | Bendigo. The Imperials won the toss, and the gumo commenced by Bendigo kicking otF towards Barunrd strcet. Tho play for tlie first ten minutes was greatly in favor of the Bendigo, several behind* being scored by them in quick succession. The red, white and blues now forced the ball to the other end, where they ob tained two behinds, one a shot for goal going very near the posts. The play continued to wbe .ery^eveu until half-time was called, the game then standing Bendigo five behinds. Imperials two beliiuds. In the second half the Bendigo obtained another behind, while the Imperials added three more to their score. For the Bendigo Juucke, Phillips, Wallish, Dickuson, Thomas, Boscwarne, and Tabiteau played well, while Sharp (2), Way, Newton, M'Gregor, Bradley, Howley, and Cahill worked hard for the Imperials. Mr. J. Pierce ac^ed as central umpire to the satisfaction of both sides. A football match was played ou "Wednesday between the West End and Monument Hill clubs, which resulted i in an easy victory for the Monument Hill, who got 5 goals and 7 behinds to their opponents nil. For the winners, Vickers, Marky, Tussy Quick and Lee played very well; and Brown, M'Douald (2), Barney Beale, aud Henker for the losers. The Imj>erialtf (23; proceed to Castlemaine on Tuesday to play the local club. The team will be picked from the following:—Bradley, Neilsou (2), Way, Sharp (2), Trevarrow (2), Bray, Reado Millor, Charles, Crowe, Laugham, Horsfield, Izett, Andersou, Harris, ;Blake, O'Neill, Harry, Slight, Buckual), Vallentine, Nos I worth, Fredericks, Kosser, Patou, M'Gregor, Grant, Muir, Cahill, Hurst, Ferguson, Newton, O'Loghlen, Ilobinson, Carr,Oggol and Martin. Those of the above unable to go, are requested to notify to the secretary by Saturday evening. Sandhurst Imperials v.yWelcome Home, in the Upper Reserve on Saturday. Imperial team will be picked from the following:—Bradley, Sharp (2), Way, Trevar row, O'Neill, Bucknall, Harris, Horselield, Miller, Neilsou (2), Eddy, Crowe, Duune, Smith (2), Carr, Blake, Izett, Hogg, Beard, Johns, Robinson, Quiuu, Slight, Grant, Martin, Hurst, Frogatt, Muir, Consi dine. Welcome Home:—Arnold, Martin, Abnunson, Robertson, Siuimouds, Sampson (2), Hicks (2), Touzeau, Cummiugs, Smith (3), Skeats, Lawn, Valen tiue, Curtis, Boucher, ltosewarnc, liosewall, Leliury, Qoskings, Bowdeu, Rae, Sprout. A match was played ou Wednesday between the Southern Cross and Welcome Home at the Sydneham Gardens, which resulted in a draw in favor of Welcome Home, who kicked four behinds to nil. The players who played best for the Cross were Lowery, Skehau, Davis, Robinson; and for Welcome Home Cummiugs, Smith, Valentine, Curtis, Lawn, Sampson. The Charing Cross journeyed to Maldon on Wednes day aud defeated the local club by 2 gaols 10 behinds to 1 goal 5 behinds. There was a large attendance ou the ' ground, who took great interest in tho play; especially iu the secoud half of the game. The Maldon brought a strong team on the ground. Crayford, late captain of the Maldon, now playing with the Brunswick, and Laver, of Castlemaine, played well; also Seedsman, Treglowau, Callander, Kiud aud W. Crayford did hard work for their side. For the Cross, H. O'Neill, Nos* worthy, Davey Heine, Richards, Hewitt, S. Jones, and Andrews played wo 11. Mr. Kilsby acted as central umpire, and guvo general satisfaction to both sides. Iu tho evening the Maldon entertained their visitors at a banquet iu the Kangaroo Hotel. The Maldon Club come to Sandhurst on 27th August to play the return match. Southern Cross v. Coachbuilders (2nd twenty), on Saturday. The Cross will be picked from the follow ing:—Butler (2), Downes, Brennau, Cunningham, Reedy, Lowery, Skehau. Wallace, M'Donough, Stevens, 'Collins, O'Neil, Nedder, Howley (2), Riley, Geisber, Cantwell, Robiusou, Schelleube.ger, O'Loughliu, Keating, Donovan, Trevarrow, Nagel (2), Barrett, Parks (2), Eustain and Dunn. Coachbuilders' team:— Blyth, Bennett, Beckett, Blockharris, Collins, Cole (2), Clarey, Duncau, Fox, Gerber (2), Hampol, Linebam, Mappiu, M'Craw, O'Neil, Riley, Traveua and Wliit taker. .Emergency—Morton, Bell, Hardy, Bourko und and Corr. Southern Cross r. Welcome Home.—The match which which took place between these clubs on Weduesday at the Sydenham Gardens, resulted iu a draw. Lowery, Collins, Butler \2), Davis, Cuuninghain, O'Neil and Geelon played well for the Cross, as did Valentine, Smith, Boifey, Lawn, Simmonds, Duval and Gardiner for the Welcome Home. Tho followiug will represent tho Sandhurst team in their match with the Eaglehawk Imperials, at the Back Creek cricket ground to-morrow afternoon:— Burrowes, Busst, Cordner, Creeth, Cartwright. Davis, Eadie, For, Howell (2), Kirby, Ivlapproth, Keating, Martell, Moody, O'Callaghan, Quinn, Ryrner, Walker, Woods. Imperial team.—W. Heggarty, T. Dowsey, N. Hughes, M. Coughliu, R. Forrestal, W. Richardson, J. Thompsoui, Tregonning, Oglethorpe, Valence, High more, Burley, j". Stirliug, Magnar, Heatly, Myers, Pollio, Gritlitlis, Curly, Brown, Murdoch. Reserve— Attwater, Berkery, Wilson and Bull. Tho following will play for Kangaroo Flat against Bendigo (secoud twenty), on Saturday at Kangaroo Flat:—Andersou (2j, Courtier, M'Pherson, M'Gregor, Mead, Gourley, Skimming, Trebilcoek (2), Whittakor, Waugh, Steveuson. Neesou, Faulkner, Keuuy, Thirl well, Flamank, Pike, Orchard. Reserve — Curry, Smith, Bond, Doble, Brown. Bendigo team—Ashe, Bailey, Brown, Curry, R. Clidrus, S. Dunstau, Earle, Hicks, Hawkins, Harris, Middleton, Miller, Ross, Reardon, Laugham, Stephcus, Skiuner, Thomas, Trewiu, Trevarton, J. Whito, Watson, Williams, Valluutyue. In consequenco of tho Saudhurst Football Associa tion haviug decided not to engage iu auy matches with the Bendigo unless they re-join the association, the match arranged between the Coachbuilders aud Ben digo for Saturday next will lapse. The following will play for Eaglehawk against Charing Cross in the Park to- morrow:—Berry man, Bruce, Charles, Chappie, Casey, Hicks, Harvey (2), Johnson, Jones, Llewelyau, Pearson, Rutherford, Robbius, Smimonds, Steward, Smith (2), Thomas, uud Ward. Emergency—Pabst, Harry, and Eugloby. AQUATICS. Sandhurst Rowinq Club. A special meeting of the members of the Sandhurst Rowing Club was held at tho Commercial Bank last evening to arrange.for the forthcoming entertainment aud visit of Edward Haulnn, the cliauipiou oarsman. Mr. T. Ellison occupied the chair, and there were about 50 members present. Correspondence.—From the Bendigo Rowing Club, decliuing to co-operate in the Haulau exhibition, but granting their patronage to the entertaiumeut. Re ceived. From J. Busst, of the Echuca Rowing Club, asking permission for a crow from that town to compete in tho forthcoming regatta on the 9th July. Received, and request granted, Messrs. G. Eadie, stroke; J. Dris coll, 3; J. Bruce, 2; and W. Reynell, bow, being picked to row against ..them. From Traific Manager, Vic toriau Railways, stating that passeuirers to Saudhurst would bo booked at Friday excursiou fares by the first traiu on tho 9th iirst. from Echuca, Iuglewocd, aud Costlomaiue. Received. Resignation.—The resignation of Mr. W. F, Hem ming as a member of the committee was received with regret, and the secretary was instructed to write to Mr Hemming, thanking him for his past services, and wishing him success in his new sphere. General Business.—Aguaranteo fofm to indemnify tho club against any loss over tho entertainment or Hanlan exhibition was drawn up, and several gentle men signed it for various amounts. The following eutrieswere then received for the Trial Fours in the regatta:—W. Pain, W. Davidson, II. Busst, senior, A. W. Gibbs, first crew; H. Busst, W. Gardiner, J. P. Kennedy,jand J. Budd*, second crew; G. Lausell, T. Hunter, E. A. Harrisou, ami G. A. Coleman, third crew; J. Ryan, W. Howell, W. Rymcr, ami J. M'Arthur, fourth crew. A number of tickets for admission to the entertainment, which promises to be a very successful affair, were distributed amongst the members for disi*>sal. The meeting then adjourned. COURSING. Sandhurst, Maldon, and BAitiNonup C'Lun. It is announced that an All-Aged Stake ami a Puppy Stako will be ruu for on the 9th of July. In the former there will be sixtecu dogs at two gtiiueos each, tho winner to receive £16, the runnor-up £8. In the Puppy Stakes there will be sixteen puppies at £1 10s each. The winucr will receive £H, and the runuer-up £6. Eutries must be lodged with the secretary on or before the 4th July, at 7 p.m. 