\- MELBOURNE MARKETS.; I DAIRY PROnDUCE.-Messrs. McKay aid N, McDonald report: We held our usual sale 1 to-day, and give below detailed resultabnt f actual sales:-Cheese: Prime lots are in h demand and sell at from 6Gd. to 7 ; je medium from 4d. to Gd. ; inferior loer.I a' Butter (potted) in good demand, and sald a from 7Id. to 9d., very prime lots fetchng bi higher prices. Butter (fresh) in great Is- se mand. We sold prime half-pound prints at 10'd.; medium, 10d ; collector's lots m from 71d. to 84d.; good lump selling at ts 6d. Eggs: Guaranteed lots up to lld. fi Bacon: Good country cured, 9d. to Is b for sides; hams, lld.; middles, 9d. bi Town cured: Hams, 9Od. to lOld.; sies, h' 91d., according to quality. : Horney: it Garden, 5d. to 5id.; bush, 3d.,to 4d. tl Beeswax, 9d. Turkeys from 14s. t 18s. ; t fewls, 3s. co-Qs. ra. : geese, Os.-tOs.ddkl ducks. 4s. Gd. to 5s. Potatoes (old) from P £5 to £5 10s. per ton. - HAY.--Mr. Robert Chamberlain reports e Feed hay, to £7 ; chafing hay,. £4 to £5; straw, good, £3. it E. A. PatersoA's report cFat Cattle.- F 1623 was the number drawn for to-day, F only a small proportion of which; were at prime and good qunlity. There was only a moderate - attendance of buyers, and d' the market opened very briskly at about fe our last week's quotations and continued o firm throughout the day. Quotations: Best pens bullocks, £12 to £15; good do., o £10 to £11; medium and inferior £5 01 10s. and up; best' pens cows, £9 to n' £10 5s. ; good do, £7 to' £8'; medium t and inferior, £310s and up.-Fat Calves: T -About 200 forward this morning, and P prices ruled about last week's quotations. P Best in made from 60s. to 70s. ; extra, 80s.; good, 40s. to 50s.; medium and s3 inferior, 15s. and up. Fat Sheep:- n 15,400 were yarded, principally medium s1 and inferior sorts. A few prime lots sold i at about late rates, but on the whole sales a were dull, especially for middling and in- w feriordescriptions. Besterossbredwethers, a' 12s. tol4s. lid. ; good do., 10s. to lls.; J medium and inferior, 6s. 6d. and uip.u best merino wethers 10s. Gd. to Uls Gd.; 1 good do., 8s. to 9s.; inferior, 5s. and up. FAT LAas :-4100 came forward, and it being rather within requirements, prices ' ruled, a little higher than last week. a Best in made from 9s. 6d. to 11s. 6d.; ti ood 7s. to 8s. 6d.; medium and inferior, u 5s. and up. "Man know thyself," said the sage, E whose wisdom has been acknowledged for I: ages. Until quite recently public opinion i decreed that it was not desirable for man, I especially in his youth, to know too much J about himself, and prohibited the school- s master from teaching anatomy to his a pupils. A wiser generation has decreed g that anatomy is an extremely useful 1 science for all to become acquainted with. a There are still many who believe that the 0 line should be drawn somewhere, and s1 would like to draw it in such an arbitrary a manner as would leave youth in blissful ignorance of one-half the subject. For t1 our part, we see no reason why every rational being, who has arrived at the age i of maturity, should not be fully instructed s1 in this science in all its branches by conm petent teachers, and learn the truth, the a whole truth, and nothing but the truth, w which includes bitter truths to many h entering on that stage of existence known a as "maturity." A knowledge of good fi and evil, which, to not a few, is very ti necessary, and an outcome of studying the d science of anatomy is more frequently re- a quiredthan generallysupposed. Through s ignorance of nature's laws ever since man 0 came upon this earth at least a million p must have perished for every thousand g slain. We refer to those vices which have decimated the earth, and led to the downfall of mighty empires. Goths and Vandals would never have set foot in a Rome, except as slaves, but for the vices a of the Romans. It is greatly to be f deplored that, with all our vaunted modern 1 civilisation, those vices still exist, and are sapping the vitality of youthin all civilised t nations. A pamphlet which we have 1 received, written by Dr. L~Ilert, of Mel- 1 bourne, has led us to refer to a subject seldom treated on in the columns of a I newspaper. One of the most destructive fires which have occurred for some time past broke out on Sunday morning in Fitzroy street, St. Kilda, at a livery stable occupied by Mr. G. F. Willoughby. The fire spread with such rapidity that within a short space of time the stables, which cover a considerable area of ground. were entirely destroyed. No fewer than twenty-two horses also perished in the flames. Thirteen of the animals belonged to Mr. Willoughby and nine to various owners. Mr. Willoughby was insured in the Manchester Insurance Company for £1835, but he estimates his loss at over £3000. Some little time ago (says the Bellarat Courier) the residents in a house on the lake side were troubled by a "ghost." The manifestations of the spirit took the form of moaning noises, and some of the more imaginative of the human occupants of the building not only heard the dismal indications of the presence of the spirit, but thought they saw a white form flitting about in the darkness. And troublesome times the residents had in those periods, and their fears became so strong that at last the "ghost walked" to them every night. The building was recently bought by an unsuperstitious young Scotchman, and the ghost disappeared. Recently, however, he was somewhat concerned to hear a moaning noise as of someone in painor distress, and started out to learn what was the cause. Following up the ghostly sounds, he found they were caused by the vibrations of some imper fectly fastened boards of the building, on which the half gale blowing was taking effect. A few blows with a hammer tightened up the boards and killed the ghost. Why be sick and ailing when Ho Bitters will surely cure you I Read and how. 