ECHOES OF MBLpOUTNE ; (Br Tum Guosa.) S" " January 25.. It has.often boon the subject of remark by tli6 initdllignut foreoigner," that of all 'Europdi'inktiouns, excpepting tho taciturn and' moros- Tuirk, tle Englisahuin hadtlo smallest aib6ult of conve'rsational.io6iwci,, aind for tliat 'roaon"invariabiy fell back upon the state of the weaithdr, when tlhe 'necesiticf"of the situation required that he- shold iildulgo in "smll talk" with his'friends andl'ncquniuitaices." Just atthe prosent mioment the atmospheric disturb nmiced avd'somduoto'the rcseuo to save the casuial ooiei~iýitioualist fromi the utterance 6f thli utial 'cadialites, forthat.imysterious personrago the 'iclork of the iweather," hna withlin the ~iit fow' dCays b~eon guilty of all kinds of'eccontricities, w?hich really entitlel him to moie thlan thim iiero conve? tional and comimonpaceo notice generally v6uchsafed' to, thlit individual. We are experiencing .whitry weatlier during the dog-days, and January, genurally the driest nfonth of the twelve, bids fair to be thclwettest:of the present 'year. We are nowv'fully realising the' truth of the aphorism which avers that "it never rains but it pours." However; anything is pre ferablb to the heoat and dust which preceded the "cyclonic movement" to which, accordiig to the Victorian Astrono mer Royal, Mr. Ellery, we are indebted for the downpour. Of course some damage has been caused' to theo wheat not yet safely garnered'' but as a set-off farmers will have an ablundance::bf grass and water, and the season,taketi, as'a whole; will .'1b for bloth thel pastdral and agri cultiural interests one of theo most pros perotls experidnced for a long. series of years. Politically the barometer stands at " Set fine."' Not even the' faintest. 'cloud obscures the kMinisterial liorizoun. Peoplo -appear to -look upon the stat'quio until Parliament nieets in' Juno' nit as the inevitable, and allow Ministerial acts and utterances to pass -vithout criticism. Soothi to say, this dolce far aiete' kind of, business appears to agree wonederfilly with both Mr. Service and his colleaigties. Had the Hoouses been in session the ap pointments to the Railways and' Civil Service Boards wbuld have been certain to provoke- a good deal of adverse comment, The many disappointed candidates would have been certain to have made themselves heard, through their friends in the'As sembly. Mr. Langton, Mr. Joseph Jones, Mr. Lyell, Mr. Loader, and goodness only knows how many more political veterans would have wainted: t know why they had been passed over in favour of worn-out civil servants like Mr. Anr annd Mr. Couchman, or sunej ayros as Mr. iForda.' As it is,'timo'willh-tve softened the koennel, of the sorrow of the gentlemen left out in the cold;- and before six months have passed who knows but that "something suitable" may turn up which may b3 ac ceptable to those whose claims have on the present occasion been overlooked. One matter assuredly, had opportunity offered, would have been. made the stibject of adverse comment. The voluiteer officers aio far from pleased tit the curt way in which the notification "of the disbandmont of the force l has been concvyed to. them; Many of , them have served for a quarter of a century, and they not unnaturally feel disappointed at their conge being given theni by moans of a short, cold, ungrammatical "general order." Despite the way in which it has of late years b'een :the fashion to sneer at our volunteers, they have " done the State some service" in their day, and certainly deserved something better than the " old glove dis ,ardment " to wlich they have been sub locted. Tlio'Defdnce Minister evidently ias no wish to err by being over-polite to his old brother officers. , Perhaps he leems soft-goods suavity out of ,place in Inalint with "soldiers." The dispute oetween the Senate na a the Council'of the University his' at last been settled by the Governor, in his capacity of Visitor. An elaborate judgment has been delivered, in which, although the voice was that of Jacob Normanby, the hand that framed it was plainly that of Esau Moles worth. The Senate gets the best of the quarrel. The exhibitioners are the only suiferers in the transaction. The judgment affirms the action of the Council in award ing them to have been, illegal. The students worked for them, were awarded the. prizes, and are :after all not ..to enjoy. the reward of their industry. They have to rest content with the heartfelt sympathy of George Augustus Constantine, Marquis of Normanby, etc., etc., etc., who " deeply regrets" the disappointment of the students who prepared themselves for the November examinations, and find all their labour in vain, owing to the erroneous and illegal notices posted by the Council of the University. There should be some means of bringing the Council to book, for the payment of the Senate's 'costs out of the University funds is nothing but a gross arce. The Council are not mulcted in a ;innls penny. W e have got our four millions out of tihe British capitalist on far moro favourable terms than were at one time expected. But it is rather in consequence of good luck than owing to good management. Had the associated banks been leagued together to render the floating of the loan afiasco, they could not have gone to work moire offectuiilly than they did. To ship nearly half a million of sovereigns to Australia on the very eve of going into the narket .as borrowers was about as itupidly insane a proceeding as could have been imagined, and to make the matter .ublic was a huge mistake. Why our loans should be entrusted for floating to persons who have shown themselves such gross blunderers is one of those things it wiould be difficult to account for'on any rational grounds. Taught by experienca, it is to be hoped that when. next we figure is borrowers in the London market'we shall bdirid of the incumbus of the Asso ciated Banks. Had these corporations bodies to beokicked, which Sydney Smith has told us they have not, they have certainly. dulv earned a " cood k'ckinrr." Who is to succeed the Marquis of Nor manby as Governor of Victoria?. This question is now being asked among them selves by the upper ten who have the ertree to the gubernatorial mansion. Sir Hercules Robinson and Lord Augustus Loftus are both mentioned as "the coming men." We havo had a "nobleman" for the last five years, and the honour has had its drawbacks. The aristocracy of England have intermarried so much that the death of any titled parsonage in the old country is certain to plunge the Governor's household in deep mourn ing two or three times a year, and to mend matters these great and noble patricians have had a knack of dying just on the eve of a ball or large dinner party at Government House. On two consecutive Queen's Birthday balls has this contretemps baulked the good citizens and citizenesses of Melbourne of their annual terspsichorian enjoyment. They begin to feel it would be well if they had a less exalted person as the representative of the Queen. So the majority plump for Sir Hercules in pro fernuco to the scion of nobility it is threatened to transfer from Sydney to Vic toria. Two murders have been added to the list of great crimes in Victoria. One is of the common-placo order, an infuriated husband, having .lost patience with an "aggravating ", wif, and knocked out her brains with a pieco of quartering, in order to escapo the violence of her tongue. Tho other,i at present of the sensational, type, a farmer named Beach, residing at Pet tavel, nine miles from Goblong, .having been shot by some person,. who entered his , house, . at dead of .night, and killed him with a revolver. Plunder does iot appeiar to havo boon the incentive to "the crime, asuneither money nor; valuables were taken. Up to thel present the police, althougl aided by'the black trackers, are at a losst..discover..the perpetrator of. the outrage, for which apparently thero was no motive, - Hoeover, " murder will out," and 'despite tie supineness and blundering Icapacity of the detectives it is to be hoped ,that in thisinstance the saying will receive yet another illustration. ' Another example of ,tho: inability.of the metropolitan Press to undertake the ' boss ing" business has been afforded by the .olection of the City Licensing Bench. • The ithree Melbourne morning dailies all joined .i iurging upon the Magistrates the desir nbloness of ousting Tr. Garton from his posi Ation as one of the licensing magistrates. ,That gentleman, was however, elected by a ainjority of nearly two to one over, his opponent. No such instance of resenting Press dictation has .occurred since the return to'Parliaienit of Mr. David Gaunson as member for South Melbourne, in the very totlh of nearly overy newspaper in the colony.. Tho?"time-paynient system bids fiir to become, a great reforming agoncy in.the spot which a Salvation Armly preuacerlihs, amidst' tliho groans of hiis anguisli torn audience, denounced as the " Sodom and Gomo6rah of ,tli ''southoerni hqiiisphcier" No. fiinitilrd is nowv ddlivried ti anuyo ne thlit dsdds not possess ai clean bill of imo rality. Shadrach, Meshccli, and Abedndgo uIha?vo-itually bdou turned into grand. inquisitors of charactir iith the aid of the police as Censoor ilorums to' assist them in their efforts to suppress the sin of great cities. 'ZHencefoith Lais, 'Phryne, and AAspasianmay not be able to enjoy the luxuries of gilded- miirors and velvet cushioned couches and lounges. They must ,perforce pay cash for their household gods.. But enrevanche they will bo able: to point to their cr.tonne-covored colonial sofa, and their American carie'seated chairs, and exclaim,; 'CA poor thing, sir, but all my own." Thus good will come out of evil I At the theatres there is no change to record. " Impulse" still holds its own at the Princess, and the pantomimes draw their slow length along at the Royal and Bijou. The last nights of the opera are announced, and in a fortnight the Messrs. Dunning and the artistes under their rule will be oa route to Dunedin.. Good houses are now' the.rule :to witness the perform ance. of the operatic version of Rip Van Winkle. 'The Melbourne people are just beginning, to; appreciate the charms of .opera .when they are about, for some time at least,.to be denied.them. 