ROCKHAMPTON. WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 29, 1884. ENGLAND AND GERMANY. For some time past, the German semi- official Press has been inveighing in no measured terms against England. The cause of offence is supposed to be prim- arily the action of England at the Egyptian Conference, -where Germany was only asked to come in when Eng- land and France had settled matters be- tween them. Fortunately for England, as most people will think, the Confer- ence came to nought, in consequence of the two powers failing to come to an agreement, but none the less Germany is believed to be inclined to resent the rather cavalier treatment she received on that occasion. The " Angra Pequeña " affair presents another cause of com- plaint, and here it is impossible to deny that Prince Bismarck has some reason on his side. The dilatoriness which was shown by the English Foreign Office when Prince Bismarck asked the question whether Angra Pequeña was in British territory or formed part of "No Man's Land," is almost inexplicable, and the delay spread a belief in Germany that England wanted to follow the dog-in-the manger policy, of keeping others out of land which was useless to herself. But whatever may be the reason, it appears certain that Germany, or rather Prince Bismarck has determined on a policy of colonisation. To colonise some of the islands in the Pacific, and to estab- lish a German line of steamers opening up trade with Hamburg, is a favourite scheme of the German Chan- cellor, and he is not a man at all readily turned aside from a purpose such as this. The fact that a large German man-of war is now proceeding northward along the Australian coast, gives some grounds for believing that Germany intends to take immediate action in the matter. The vessel has not called at Adelaide, Melbourne, or Sydney, but has apparently taken her course directly toward some of the Pacific Islands. It is well known that a number of German traders have quite recently taken up their abodes in the large and important islands of New Ireland and New Britain, which lie to the north-west of the Australian coast. The Samoan Archipelago is also completely under German influence at the present time, so that it would not be at all surprising to find that extensive German annexa- tions are about to take place in the Western Pacific. In this, however, there is nothing at which we can fairly complain. Thousands of Germans annually migrate from the Fatherland, and it is the misfortune of Germany that she has no colonies of her own to receive her surplus population. But the complaint of the Australian colonies, is not that Germany is begin- ning to appreciate the advantages of annexing and colonising the unoccupied islands of the Pacific, but that England, for the first time in her history, declines to do so. There can be no dispute that the possession of the Pacific Islands by any other power than Great Britain will be detrimental to the mercantile interest of these colonies. A few years hence, it is most probable that a large propor- tion of the Australian trade with Europe and America will go by way of Panama, and if by that time all the available ports of call have been mono- polised by either Germany or France, Australians in general will have cause to be annoyed at the persistent neglect of the mother country. Attempts are being made by the Agents-General for the Colonies to impress on Lord Derby the mportance of the situation. Un- fortunately, the attitude taken by Sir Saul Samuel, the Agent-General for N.S.W., in refusing to take united action with his colleagues, affords Lord Derby an excuse for delay, of wliich he is likely to avail himself. The result will probably be that the German man- of-war of whom previous mention has been made, will solve the question by annexing the most important of the islands in the the Pacific. If such happens to be the case, much of the blame must fall on the Premier of New South Wales, who by preventing united action on the part of the Australian colonies, has been the means, if not the cause of giving such a favourable chance to the annexation schemes of Germany. There can be no doubt that the vigorous policy inaugurated by Prince Bismarck is owing a good deal to the action of the French in the East. Foiled at all attempts at aggraudismcnt in Europe she is employing her forces in acquiring territory elsewhere, and the far-seeing German Chancellor probably deems it advisable not to allow himself to be surpassed in this direction by his for- midable rival. In the meantime, Prince Bismarck affects to be intensely jealous of the grasping tendencies of the Anglo Saxon race, and reports have been circulated that he is desirous of forming a European league with a view of pre- venting England from taking up any more of the unoccupied territory in various parts of the world. Whether this is true or not, it is generally surmised that the action taken by both Germany and France, hos caused the English Government to proceed cautiously in the matter of further annexation. A late telegram states that "an impression prevails, that the English Government is arranging with the Government of Germany and France for a mutual division, of the un- appropriated islands of the Pacific." The limited British protectorate wliich has at last been authorised over the coast of New Guinea, and the adjacent country, has probably taken place none too soon, but even this action will be received with gratification as a step in the right direction, anti as au intimation that Australian interests are at Inst com- mencing to receive the deserved atten- tion at the hands of the Imperial authorities. WE have received thc October number of thc AtutralaKtan Slrlch'-r. The illustrations arc moro than usually interesting, comprising two special separate sheets-one a view of the city of .Sandhurst, and the other an original sketch "How they watched the Cup Race." Another prominent feature is a double page series of engravings representing the Btcam fleet of Messrs. \V. Howard Smith and Sons, and also containing pictures of their wharves and offices in Melbourne and Sydney. AU the drawings of the vessels are well executed, and anyone familiar witli their appearance would have no difficulty in recognising them. These illustrations arc accompanied by a lengthy article giving details of thc history and progress of the company. Some engravings representing reminiscences of Old Melbourne will also bc interesting to Victorians in Queensland. WE sometimes take occasion to notice thc vagaries of local aldermen, and reflect upon them for what we consider unconstitutional proceedings. Lest some of our readers may think them worse than- other men unused to place and power, wc quote thc following from The Sydney Hominy Herald A correspondent, in calling our attention to what he terms au autocractic abuse of power on thc part of a Mayor, writes in the follow- ing strain with regard to the meeting of thc borough council of Hunter's Hill ou thc 17th instant. A motion referring to the control of the borough labourers being under discus- sion, thc Mayor surprised thc aldermen by declining to put it tn the vote, ruling it out of order. Upon being asked to state thc ground of his ruling, lie refused to give any other than that his own opinion was against the motion. Thc aldermen endeavoured to convince His Worship that this was no reason, and that lie was acting against all the rules laid down for the guidance of municipal councils ; but all in vain. He insisted on his ruling, and the aldermen insisted on his putting the motion, ont of which dilemma tlie Mayor sought to escape by saying, "I adjourn Ulis meeting." Here, again, lie was confronted with a protest from the other members of thc council that the question of adjournment must be moved and put to thc vote, which was eventually done, with thc result that all but himself declined to adjourn. Upon this His Worship left the chair, and putting on his hat broke up the meeting in spite ot thc aldermen. Such an exercise of power, thinks our correspondent, ehould be brought publicly before the notice of the rate- payers of the borough, so that stops might be taken to prevent the recurrence of Buch con- duct. FEOM our southern files we glean a few par- ticulars of the business of the Wesleyan Dis- trict Meeting held in Brisbane last week, at which the Kev. M. H. Parkinson presided. Among those present was the Rev. W. H. Williams. The annual report and balance sheet of the Book Depot Committee was deemed satisfactory. At the District Com- mittee meeting the Chairman welcomed the Revs. Messrs. A. Swift, W. H Rogerc, T. Sarginson W. Lucas, and B. Dunning, who took their seats for the first time m the Queensland District Meeting. The Rev. H. Wiles was elected Secretary, and the Rev. W. H. Williams assistant Secretary. The Rev. W. H. Williams read a copy of a resolution passed at the Rockhampton quarterly meeting that the next district meeting bc held in Rockhampton, and though the committee ex pressed their sense of the advantage it would be to the northern circuits, they decided to meet next year in Brisbane, owing to diffi- culties of expense, accommodation, 4c, pre- senting themselves. The following motion was carried:-"Wc, the members of the Queensland District Meeting, having heard the Liverpool minutes read, do thankfully and devoutly acknowledge tile great mercy of God in preserving us in and for His blessed service during another year, lu remembrance of our many unfulfilled duties, failures, and sins, wc do now humble ourselves under thc mighty hand of Hod, and sincerely and solemnly dedicate ourselves anew to Christ and His Church, and earnestly and believingly pray for a full and glorious baptism of the Holy Ghost, so that thc coming year may be one of gracious and wonderful prosperity in all the circuits of this colony." Tlie report and bal- ance sheet of the Loan Fund Bhowed a capital of £1023 16s. lld.; loans amounting to £938 14s. 7d.; arrears in repayments of loans, £32 10s. The following loans were granted: Warwick, £300, to be repaid in ten years ; Ithaca, £50, to be repaid in two years ; Pad- dington, £100, to be repaid in two years j Townsville, £300, to be repaid in five years; Charters Towers, £131 08, to be repaid in four years. Thc balance sheet of the Horne Mission and Contingent Fund showed abalance in hand, 1883, ol £237 18a. lld.; income, 1884, .£218 14s. ld.; total, £456 13s. 'Disbursements during thc past year, £318 5s. 7d.; balance «ow hi hand, £240 7s. Sd. The following grants were made :-Pimpama circuit, £25; Chanters Towera circuit, £17 ; Maryborough circuit, £10 ; Mount Perry, £50. Requests for additional clergy Were received from Wert End, Brisbane, Charters Towers, Roma, and Clermont. On Hit iu Ohtervf T-That Mr. Norton, the member for Port Curtis, wants £10,000 for deepening the Narrows. That it would be far cheaper to thc country to buy out the people of Gladstone altogether. LATE last craning a small boy named William Bowen was arrested by the police charged with stealing a mosquito net from premises occupied by Mrs. Finlay, in Alma strcct. He will be brought before the Bench at thc Police Court this morning. Ma. W. H. BÜSCHEL, late Revenue Col- lector to the Town Council, was arrested yesterday afternoon by Detective Clark on further charges of embezzlement. He will be brought before the Police Magistrate this morning on three separate counts. TUE Obtrrver says that at the usual weekly meeting of the Y.M.C.A. Literary and De- bating Class, held at tile rooms on Tuesday evening, the debate on "Anglo-lBraelism" was renewed, when very many took part, and upon the vote being taken, the members de- cided by a large majority that " The British nation is thc lost ten tribes." A RESIDENT of Westwood states that the reef recently taken up there by a party of diggers, and worked for a short time, has been abandoned. It was selected on a colour being obtained, which he states can be got almost anywhere in the vicinity of West- wood. Ou sinking thfcy found their diggers' hopes of another Mount Morgan were blighted. AT the Police Court yesterday, before the Police Magistrate, John Bannon was brought up on a summons charged with wilful destruc- tion of property at Mrs. Heiser's store, William-street. Mr. Brumm, who appeared for Mrs. Heiser, stated he had been in- structed to withdraw the summons, the value of the plate glass window, which was the pro Serty destroyed, having been paid. Thc efendant was accordingly discharged. In another summons case for sureties of thc peace, there was no appearance of the parties, and the case was struck out. WE understand that no pupils from th< Central State School for Boys, will compete ii the scholarship examination in December Last year six youtliB, who had attended thi school, and received thc benefit of Mr. Pott tuition, were submitted to examination, bu only one passed, and that was Master Georgi Buzacott. A similar number could have con in for scholarships this year, but they hav accented the suggestion to become puni teachers, and are now acting temporarily We understand the boys do not seem die posed to 6cck scholastic honours owing to th standard having been raised last year at th last moment, and because they will obtain salary immediately on their appointment o teachers, and at thc same time receive a goo education from the head master. No one will be surprised to learn that new time-table is to come into operation o thc Central Railway on and after Monday, 3r November. The principal change in it ia th announcement that trains are to run da.il along thc line from thc termini at Rockham] ton, Clermont, and Alpha. The mornin trains at Rockhampton and Alpha are to stai at five o'clock, and will occupy upwards < thirteen hours on the daily run. The earl hour of starting will prove far from agrceab! to travellers, and the necessity for its adoptio is uot ut «.ll obvious. Lamp oil surely ia nc so costly that thc saving of a few gallons of ; should cause thc public to bc put to great ii convenience. A mixed train is to run dail between Rockhampton anil Westwood. It i to leave Westwood at seven in the morninj and Rockhampton at five in the afternoot ThiB is the train for those who wish to fori suburban residences at Gracemere, Stai well, &c;, THE only application posted at the Go] Warden's Office yesterday was that < Messrs. Dalzell and Dalzell, for a recur claim, 800 ft. by 400 ft., Cawarral. Messr R. Lyons, A. Feez, C. W. Little, E. I Royes; J. C. Browne, and S. Lange applie for two months' exemption from work at th Maud reefing claim owing to the want < water, and Mr. E. W. Landon for tw months' cessation at thc Manchester reef fe a similar reason. Mr. C. S. D. Melbourr notified his intention of transferring to Mi E. S. Lucas, his interest in machine area Nc 17, Crocodile ; Mr. A. Reid, that he intende to transfer to Mr. E. S. Lucas his interest i machine area No. 16, on the same field ; Mi M. C. Thomson that he intended to transfer t Messrs. W. P. Tozer and J. F. Barry quarter share each in Crow's Nest No. 2 and M'Xinlay's reef, Dee River, near Mont Morgan ; and Mr. J. H. Evans that he ii tended to transfer to Mr. J. .Stewart half hi interest in claim No. 184, Crocodile Creek. A SAD accident occurred in the river nea Lake's Creek yesterday afternoon about fou o'clock, resulting in thc death by drowning c Mr. Robert Gray, a young gentleman wh< for the last nine months, has been employe by Messrs. Howard Smith and Sons in th capacity of shipping and general clerl Yesterday afternoon, Mr. Gray in pursuant of his dutieB as collector of tickets au Sausage money, proceeded with the s.i lurwah as far as Lake's Creek, and on hi arrival there a boat was lowered to put hil ashore. The boat contained the deceased, th third mate of the Burwah, and two seamei Unfortunately as the boat was being lowerec the sailor who was in the bows by som meanB lctgo the tackle too soon, and the boa capsized, all on board it being thrown int the water. Another boat was at one lowered from the Burwah, and two othei from the You Yangs and Dolphin respec tively also went to thc assistance of tho me who were in the water, and succeeded i rescuing the two seamen and the third mat« An oar was thrown to Mr. Gray by th latter and two life buoys were also cast ove bmrd from the Burwah. He, howcvei ' failed to keep afloat and having sunk was nc ajain seen. Captain South waited for som time, but as there was no hope of rccovcrin thc deceased proceeded on his voyage. Befoi doing so he sent the following accour of the occurrence to Mr. Soutl the manager for Messrs. Howard Smit and Sons at Rockhampton:-"As we wei lowering the boat to put the tickt clerk on shore one of thc men at th forward tackle accidentally let go the fal and the boat upset, and the clerk wi drowned. Our gig was put ut once in th water, and went to the rescue. One boat wo sent from the You Yangs, s.s., and anottu from the Dolphin. The accident happens close to these vessels. The ticket clerk wu close to the third mate, and had hold of a oar which thc third mate gave him. Tn life buoys were thrown which were nc recovered. The clerk suddenly disappcare aud after waiting about with three boats som time and keeping a look out, wc knew thc there was no hope of getting him.-Yours i haste, J. H. South, Master s.s. liurwnh. P.S.-The chief mate was superintending tl lowering of tho boat personally." On tl mutter lieiug reported to the police. Constable Barry, Cavanagh, and Hogan were despatche to the eceue of the accident with rope grappling irons, and other apparati necessary for dragging for the body. The started to work at once, but np to a late hoi last night had not been successful. The scare will bc continued by the police to-day. Ti deceased, as we mentioned above, had bec in Rockhampton about nine months, and wi very highly estimated, both by the firm whose employ he was and by all who kne him in private life. Re was about twent five yean of age, and has relations living : Maryborough, Victoria. The accident, i i may be imagined, caused great excitement : amongst those on fcoard the Jturwah, and Mt-t . Gray's untimely {ate will be deeply regretttwL by all who knew bim. An inquiry will no , doubt be held into the cause of the accident. j THE tint pictorial almanacs for the coming year have been forwarded to ns by Mr. William Purcell, saddle and harness maker, of East-street. They are from the well-known firm of Gibbs, Shallard and Co., Sydney, and ara neatly and tastefully got up. " lila» Mis- chief "is a particularly apt design, and ita effect can be guessed when wc state that a little missy has been enjoying herself playing with her papa's writing materials, and Ins liberally bedaubed her finery, and the sur- roundings with ink. "Who's Coming "ls st pretty wood scene, showing a little mMifi ' with her two favourite dogs. THE visitor to the Central State School for Boys cannot but be struck with the difficul- ties masters have to contend with in fulfilling : their duties to the pupils, and, indeed, under the circumstances they cannot do so with any degree of satisfaction to themselves or to the parents of the boys. The main buildings and the verandahs, as well as class-rooms, sofa utilised for teaching purposes, and even then the space is inadequate. The classes are in too close proximity to one another; one teacher is too near the other ; the pupils in one class arc able to attract tlie attention of those in another ; and the babel of tongues is such that it is with difficulty the teachers can make themselves heard. This is not for want of discipline, but is Bolely due to the buildings being too crowded. From a sanitary :. point of view the existing state of affairs 6 unsatisfactory. A large number of boys are huddled together in a building that is far from well ventilated. These facts must be evident to members of Committee if they ever visit the school, and if they have been negligent tn their duty, we would recommend them to call ' at any time during school hours, and they will bear witness to the truth of our re- marks. They will then appreciate the neces- sity that exists for arrangements being com- pleted without delay for the erection of the new Behool, and the advisability of urging tho Town Council and Committee of the Pastoral Society to settle their differences with the Government as soon as possible. ; TBS Town Council have not fairly con- sidered any scheme for purifying the water supplied to the inhabitants of Rockhampton. Wc learn, on inquiry of the Mayor, that the only arrangement made in connection with pumping water from the Yeppen Lagoon is the formation of a well for the fixing of ' the pipe where the staging will be erected. He will visit the lagoon this morning, and a decision will probably be arrived at as to what. is best to be done under the circtun 1 stances. It is certain, however, that pipe* . 1 will be laid from the Yeppen Lagoon to tbs Crescent Lagoon, but this will not be done unless absolutely necessary. The report of ? Mr. Alley that the Racecourse Lagoon would ? only last for a fortnight caused some un L easiness upon its publication on Friday last, 1 and he was reflected on for his serious neglect ' in failing to apprise the Council earlier of the true state of affairs. What he meant ta . f( L say was that the pumping machinery would :? L only bc capable of raising a sufficient volume I of water to answer all needs for a fortnight, as the lagoon would have sunk below the ; level the pump was capable of lifting from. It ' seems thc machinery is not of sufficient power to raise the water the requisite ; height. We may inform our readers that ; there is no fear of thc supply in the [ Racecourse Lagoon giving ont for many months to come if only suitable pumping ap ! parafais be employed. The Council are anxious i to proceed in the way least calculated to in ; crease their pecuniary liabilities, and they ; will not discontinue pumping at the Race- course Lagoon until positively necessary. They will then remove the pipes from it to i the Yeppen Lagoon. Apro/wt of our water famine we take the following from a late issue of the Melbourne Argus :-" An intermittent i supply of water to the residents of Geelong ' will commence from Saturday night next, asît has been found that a constant service cannot be continued, The circumstances which hare . ; caused this step to be taken are given in the following memorandum on the subject by the ; secretary for Water Supply, of which the Minister has approved :-'Owing to the de- ficient rainfall during the past year upon the catchment areas of tuc Geelong reservoirs, and tlie small qnautity of water received up to the present time from the Moorabool scheme, and also to the increased consumption of water in Geelong (amounting to nearly 6,000,000 gallons weekly), consideration has been given to the question- whether soma steps should not bc taken to limit for a time the consump- tion in Geelong, The quantity of water stored in thc reservoirs at the end of the past week was about 89,000,000 gallons, and if the rain- fall, as sometimes happens, should be de- ficient during the next six months, it will be seen that there is considerable risk of the supply running out unless some steps be taken to limit the consumption. It is roughly es- timated tliat-about one-half of the water at present consumed is used for street-watering and irrigation. I beg, therefore, to recom- mend that arrangements be at once mide for for sn intermittent supply of water to con- sumers ' The residents for the summer will, therefore, only be supplied between 6 a.m. and 6 p.m., and any persons found watering gardens will have their services completely cut off." Ma. W. G. JACKSON, late Secretary of the Rockhampton Jockey Club, was the recipient of a very handsome testimonial on Monday evening last. We take the following account of the proceedings from The Daily Northern Argot of Tuesday, the notice oi the meeting, intended for our representative, having mis- carried :-A number of local supporters of the turf, and a few other well-known gentlemen, who take an interest in the promulgation of field sports, which conduce to the recreation of the general publie, assembled in the Bel- more Arms -last night. Mr. Alexander Reid was voted to the chair, and remarked that those present were well aware of the object of the meeting. He was suddenly called on to preside, and he responded to the call, aa be never turned his back on a good thing. Mr. Jackson had resigned the secretaryship of the Rockhampton Jockey Club, and it was thought by many members of the club that tho occasion should not be allowed to pass by without some slight token of appreciation of bis services. It was well known that Mr. Jackson had a large business to attend to. There was no doubt that everyone was not fully acquainted with racing, with men and horses, morning touts, and newspaper men both at racing meetings and afterwards. They might go further ann fare worse for such a secretary as Mr. Jackson. The presentation was a mark of esteem, and he boped that the recipient would be spared time to appreciate thc gift. He then handed Mr. Jackson a handsome gold keyless Wal- tham watch with a gold albert chain, and em- blematical trinket attached. Mr. Jackson responded, and said he accepted thc'gift with pleasure. If he had carried out the raciug ia its integrity, he was thoroughly satisfied. As he waa not gifted with Mr. Reid s eloquence, he could not say more. Mr. T. Morgau said that on behalf of himself and a few horre owners^ it was thought only proper, on the re - tirement of Mr. Jackson, to show then: appre- ciation of his efforts. Soino people had told him, while in Mr. J. Rutherfords company, that the testimonial was 1 teing primoted through ill-feeling to Mr. Dawharn. This waa a decided mistake, as he had no reason fer ill-will against that gentleman. If the latter conducted the dub's business in the future as well as Mr. Jackson had done in thc poet, Mr. Dawbam's friends would, no doubt, pro- bably respond, if called on, to testimonials bim. He was quite sure that if he (afr. " ' Morgan) and the others had thought it to ; canvass for a week, very probably one ima- '* dred sovereigns would have been raised. Mr. Chester Master, Secretary of the FiUroy-'l Rasing Club, then referred to thc assistance afforded him by Mr. Jackson, and the red 1*00*1 leoline existing between them. Cham- pagne was called for aud the Chairman pro- posed the health of the guest with all prosperity, and lie hoped he would live long to wear both watch and chain, which he had great pleasure in presenting him with. Mr. Jackson said that lie could only again return thanks for thc cordial manner in which his health was drunk, and for thc handsome presentation he had received. He was ex- tremely obliged tn them. Thc healths of Mr. 'Jackson and that of thc Rockhampton Jockey .Club were drunk with musical honors, and " Auld Lang Syne " closed the proceedings. IT will be within the recollection of our readers that on thc 2nd instant wc chronicled the arrival here of seven men from Gladstone in charge of the police. Their names were W. Thompson, F. Laben, \V. Dove, 1». Bailey, .J. Stirrup, P. Bowles, and E. Lynch. They were in the employ of Mr. E. H. Raker, of Upper Calliope, early in September lost, but absconded from his service before their agree- ments had expired, were arrested, and sen- tenced by the Gladstone Bench to two months' imprisonment in Rockhampton Gaol. It was -on the 23rd September that they were before the authorities in Gladstone, and after thc expiration of five weeks they have ?been liberated. They were discharged Irom the Gaol yesterday, thc only information vouchsafed them being they .were free. Wc have not heard why thc -sentence has been remitted, and it would be interesting to learn more al>out thc case. -Some of thc men complain bitterly of thc 'treatment meted out to them by Mr. Baker, and if their statements arc true, inquiry might be made into thc circumstances <which forced them to abscond. Thc particulars furnished by the QUulntonc Observer at the time of thc conviction, were vary meagre. One of thc men states he 'would have preferred to serve his tune in prison, as he will now have to wait three «eeks ta accompany a friend to a distant town, and has only 3s, 9d. in his pocket, and .no prospect of getting work in thc interim. ïtr. G. S. Crans will offer for sale on the "wharf this afternoon a .''-past two a cargo .of New Zealand produi ,-it-jiouie. THE steamer Dolphin has been chartered to make a trip to Keppel Bay and Cuitis Island on the 10th proximo. She will leave the wharf at half-past eight in the morning, and is expected to return early in the evening. A TKA meeting in connection with the .opening of the Primitive Methodist Church, Dawson Road, will be held this evening. At the public meeting after addresses will be delivered by the Rev. W. Smith, of Bunda- berg, and others. Wit would call attention to the sale of land in the Scrubby Creek Estate to bc held by Mr. G. S. Curtis at his rooms at half-past eleven this morning. The time of sale has baan altered from eleven o'clock owing to the Amoral of the late Mr. J. Headrick. IT will bc seen by our advertising columns "that Miss Alice Sydney Burvctt will give a pianoforte recital on Friday evening in the -School of Arts. She is unable to leave for thc -north before Sunday, and has consented to afford the public another opportunity of listening to her marvellous pianoforte playing. ME. H. PERCY will take a benefit at the -School of Arts this evening A grand musi -cal entertainment has been arranged, full par- ticulars of which will bc found in our adver- tising columns. Mr. Percy, since his resi- dence in Rockhampton, has assisted in \- organising several concerts for charitable and otberpurposes, and thc public will no doubt show their appreciation of his services by giving-him a bumper house, AN exceedingly unpleasant experience be- I .fell a young miner named William Burley *eoenüy at Reefton, New Zealand. It appears irom the account of the occurcnco given in the Inangahu Herald, of the 26th September, that the Globe Gold Mining Company has an norial tramway nearly a mile and a-half long, connecting the mine and the battery. Thc quartz, is conveyed along it, suspended in a «ucket, which carries from 691b. to 701b. "weight at a time. The bucket travels. over ."abrupt ascents and steep descents ; and at -one spot, thc span or wire between two supports is alwut 1000ft. In traversing this wide, gully the bucket swings in mid-air more than 300ft. above the surface. Burley mode the rather rash attempt to travel on thc bucket up to thc mine. He started at 5 p.m., '-and his progress met with no check until .reaching the gully just described, when the "wire ceased moving. This was due to the «nan at the brake in tho mine having stopped work for the day, and thc peor fellow was left suspended th rough the dark hours of the night until nearly 9 o'clock the following morning. The narrow iron bar of the bucket mode it iinpossib'e for him to remain long in oue position and all through tho weary hours he had to be constantly .changing his seat, Fortunately the night was mild, but had there been a heavy frost, as on the previous Thursday and Friday, it is ?very doubtful indeed whether the man would ever have reached the mine alive. NKWS has been received in Brisbane of a fatal accident which occured between Cress- brook and mount Esk on Friday last. Mr, Alexander Smith, who was 05 years of age, started with three horses harnessed to a dray "to take some things' to Cressbrook. When «boat seven miles from Esk, at a place known «s Stinking Gully, something startled the horses, and they bolted. He was walking by tehirsideat the time, and held on to thc «haft-horse as long as he could, but was even- tually struck hy the shaft and knocked down. 'The wheel passed across his left side, fractur- es ribs and injuring his lungs. He, how- ever got up and unyoked the horses, who had by this time been pulled np, and tied them to ¡a fence. He then laid down under a tree to wait the arrival of his nephews, who were .coining behind. Two hours afterwards they found him, and removed him to a house, where everything was done to relieve, him, a .doctor who was travelling in the neighbourhood with an insurance agent, being called in to .give advice. All was however, in vain for after some hours of great suffering he passed peace fully away. The deceased was well known in Brisbane as Sandy Smith, having lived here for some forty years. He left Scotland with Sir Evan M'Kenzic. landing in New South Wales in the year 1840, ana went overland to the Downs in charge of .one of that gentleman's teams the. Same year After remaining on the Downs with Sir Evan for some time, he took up his residence in Brisbane. VERY bitter complaints are being made in Mauritius (says the Calcutta Mail) regarding "thc increasing importation of Chinese labourers into that colony. No less than 377 fresh im- portations arrived in two shipB, in one day, and nearly all of them were of the petty shop keeper class. As all the Chinese fraternize together, it is thought that these men will speedily obtain employment, and get initiated into the Chinese ways and means of making money. Thc same disinclination to severe manual labour, which, as we pointed out on Íircvious occasions, is to be found amongst thc ?wer class of East Indian in this country, also exists amongst the humble creoles of Mauritius, who will not till the ground, bc ,cause, as they say, it is work for Indians. They do not like domestic service, because ?they have to attend their masters in thc evening, and on Sundays. The fact is that scarcely any occupation is to their taste, and, as there arc but very few good artisans amongst them, their outlook, in face of the Chinese invosion, is poor indeed. If the creoles would turn their hand even to shop- keeping, there would be some amount of cm-' liloyment for them, but this they will not do, as they look upon competition with thc Chinese in this calling as impossible. In fact, there seems to be growing up in Mauritius, as in this country, a large class who are unable to obtain- work of a congenial nature, ?and are incompetent to perform any other. In thea« days of strong compétition, when the weakest is bound to go to the wall, and a mon is jadged by his work, the classes alluded to -would appear to have hut little chance of .earning an honest livelihood. THE English skylarks, which were recently liberated at Toowoomba, arc likely to take kindly to their new home. Nests and young birds (says the D. fl. Calcite) have been seen on several occasions in different localities about the town. As au illustration of the advantage of con- nection with tile excellent benefit societies cxistiug in this colony, wc (Qtuen*landTim>,«) ?nay mention that the Provincial Grand Master for thc Manchester Unity orders of Oddfellows has forwarded to thc secretaries of thc Loyal Rose of Queensland and the Unity Lodges respectively, the sums of £39 and £02 for presentation to thc widows of thc late W. H. Wilkinson and James Griffith. Both these gentlemen were connected with the order named, and thc result of thc provision they thus made for thc greatest of ail emergencies, is manifest ia the two handsome donations to which we have alluded. A FATAL accident befel a young man named M'Gauley, well known about Maryborough (says the Chronicle of 22nd instant), and son of Mr. T. M'Gauley, fonnerly landlord of theOnc-inile Hotel. Thcyounginan was found by Mr. Micklcthwait lying in a paddock at Mr. Hyde's, Woongool, unconscious and suffering from severe injuries supposed to have been received by a fall from a horse. Mr. Micklcthwait promptly conveyed the sufferer in a buggy to the hospital, but death quickly supervened. No one appears to have witnessed thc accident or know how M'Gauley came to be in the paddock where he was found. EXCESS or Joy IN A DOO.-Tho following appeared some time ago in thc New Zealand Times, and it adds another to the many in- stances recorded of the dog's sagacity and intelligence :-Mr. G. Budge sent his boy to Picton to school some weeks ago, the lad leaving behind him a favourite collie dog. Soon after he went away, the dog began to pine, and gave every sign of being unhappy. A few days since, the boy came back from Picton on a visit to his parents, and on nearing the house, whistled to give thc signal of arrival to his dog. Thc animal at once heard him, and bounding over the fence, greeted his master by jumping on him md licking his hands and face, and then suddenly dropped dead, his sudden end being no doubt a case of death from joy. HARVESTING- operations (says the Warumk Argus) will be commenced on a few of the farms during thc present week. By the week after next, the gathering of thc crops will bc pretty general. The wheat has ripened very rapidly under the influence of the late hot weather. The crop will be above the average of thc past five or six years, and in not a few instances, the yields arc expected to be un- usually heavy j this is especially the case with the crops growing on the uplands. The spring wheat has done particularly well this year. As a rule the straw is short, though wc have samples in our office, five feet in length. Rust hus not yet, os far as we can ascertain, made its appearance ; the drought is accountable for this year's losses. Two inches of rain three weeks or a month ago would have been worth £25,000 or £30,000 to the district. THE two gunboats (says thc Courier) built to the order of the Queensland Government are shortly to leave England for this colony, and there has been no small amount of specu- lation os to thc uBe to which they are to be put upon their arrival here. It was some time ago agreed that the Palamah should be used as a surveying vessel on the north- eastern coast of this colony, and she has accordingly been fitted up for that purpose. Wc now learn that it is in contemplation to offer the other vessel-the Gayundah-to the Admiralty, for service under thc direction of the Commodore of the Australian station, conditional upon her being available for local requirements as they may arise. Thc ad- vantages of this plan arc that the vessel will bc usefully employed, and that both vessel and crew will be kept in a state of efficiency quite impossible if she were allowed to remain at anchor in one of our ports. 1 DARESAY the subject of "canned pro- visions " is as important to you as it is to us Unfurtunatcly, every now and then a para fraph appears in the newspapers about some ody being "poisoned" by partaking of tinned meat or fish. Thc place where thc accident occurs is usually os far off ns it can bc in thc British Islands, and the town or village where thc sad event took place is sure to be a very obscure ami little known one. Recently, thc Medico-Legal Society of New York took up thc question, and papers upon it, and the report of a searching discussion appear in the last number of their journal. It waB abundantly proved that nearly al) thc so called fatal cases of poisoning from eating tinned provisions, failed on endeavouring to trace them. No fewer than 00 million dozens of tins arc exported from the United States alone every year, so that a good many more people ought to be killed through partaking of them, than is even reported to be the case if death turks in them in the shape of muriatic acid, ¿tc. IN the Banco Court, Sydney, thc case of Stirling and wife against the Government to recover compensation for injury and loss sus- tained in consequence of thc fall of a wall which had been erected behind the Fort-street Public School, was recently resumed and con- cluded. It appeared that on the morning of the 29th September, last year, plaintiffs and two of their children were asleep in the bedroom of their house immediately under- neath the wall in question, when the northern portion of thc school wall collapsed, and with its weight bore down one Bide of thc room. The stones, bricks, and debris fell upon the bcd, almost burying plaintiff and his wife, and severely injuring both, especially Mrs. Stirling, who was laid up for two months, and according to the medical testimony was likely to suffer permanently. The child however, was uninjured. The Crown admitted negli- gence, and the only question for settlement, was one os to assessment of damages. Thc jury returned a verdict for the plaintiffs, damages £900. The other cases disposed of were of little public interest. THE HWerii Star reports the following im- portant case of sheep stealing :-" At the Yeulbah Police Court on Wednesday last, liefore Captain Goodall, P.M., Jonathan Harvey was charged with stealing sheep, the property of M. C. Mason, Esq., of Pilton. The Sergeant of Police prosecuted, and ac- cused pleaded ''not guilty." According to thc evidence of S. F. Lord, who was travelling in charge of the sheep, it appears that thc flock numbered 10,000, and was going towards Pilton. On the 20th September, Mr. I^ord missed 200 of the sheep, and made inquiries concerning them, but without result. On thc Otli October, he proceeded in company with a constable to thc prisoner's camp, and there saw 150 slicep in the yard, which he identified as belonging to the flock. Fifteen of these had been sworn, and three of them showed that the ear marks had lieen tampered with, and the fire brands defaced. After other evidence had been taken, the accused was fully committed to take his trial in Roma on 1st December next. Bail allowed ; prisoner in £100, and two sureties of £80 each ; bail i was obtained. As you are doubtless aware, thc scheme ! started by a sensible aud patient Dutchman for teaching deaf mutes to speak, by thc latter observing thc lip- movements of a Bpcakcr, has attained a wonderful degree of success. Wc have long known that dumb- ness accompanies deafness from birth not necessarily, but liecause deaf people cannot hear, and, therefore, cannot imitate the sounds of speech. If intelligent deaf mutes (and they are often marvellously intelligent) are taught to imitate lip and facial move- ments, and to breathe meantime, they are able to speak. I travelled a short time ago with a man whose deaf daughter had just been taught to speak by this method. He had shaved hie own moustache and beard so that she could the better behold thc mus- cular movements. The man's delight at Iwen able to converse with his child was most touching. Science, in this form, comes to poor humanity like an angel of light I mention this, because of the advance which has lately been made in lip-reading. It is now so perfect, that at a recent American convention, a «leaf girl brought before thc delegates, was enabled to understand the words uttered by a speaker from watching bis lips move, as outlined by his shadow on a wall. RAISING SEEUS.-We are asked why we do not encourage people to raise their own seeds instead of buying them every year. Seed raising is an art, and requires more care than the average farmer can alford to give to it. .Seedsmen have their seeds raised by men who make a business of it, who grow but one variety of a kind, and avoid all chance of "mixing" or crossing. One who has a garden can hardly bc persuaded to select his first ripened tomatoes or Lima beens for seed, lie wishes these for thc table. Unless a vegetable can bc kept np to its best condition it will deteriorate. Take tomatoes for example ; the plants should be raised for seed. As soon as they come into bearing, every plant that does not have fruit quite up to the best of its kind in form and productiveness is to be pulled up, and all malformed fruit« on those that are left, are cut away. Then only tha earliest clusters are allowed to ripen, those which set late arc cut off, and the whole strength of thc plant directed to ripening the first fruit that is set. Take squashes tor another example, and it ia thc same with melons, cucumbers, and all of the family. Few who have gardenB content themselves with a single variety of squash. There arc few plants so likely to mix through thc agency of bees. We know of a case in which thc Hubbard Squash had been grownin the same garden with the other squashes for several years, and the seed was yearly saved and planted. At the time wc saw the squasher, they were mostly yellow, and instead of the pointed end, so characteristic of thc Hubbard, many of them had the broad, flat, blossom end belonging to other kinds ; indeed there was not a typical Hubbard in the lot. If seeds are to be raised, that should bc the leading object for which the plants are grown. It is poor economy to sow sees of doubtful purity, in order to avoid a small outlay for these of good quality. -American Ayrtcullurvit. I 