THE CEYLGN COFFEE-PLANTA TION. 1 ne stoppage or the Oriental Bank is partly attributed to losses incurred by that institution on advances to coffee- planters is Ceylon. Latest papers from that island stated that the present season was likely to be favourable for coffee, bnt the accounts of the state of many of the plantatione, owing to past bad seasons and leaf disease, are rather gloomy. A correspondent of the " Ceylon Observer," writing from Rsikwaaa on April 10, stated ; — " At present coolies are super abundant, and the word advances never listened to." The Lindula correspondent of the same paper wrote on April 12 : — " The coffee trees, debilitated by leaf disease, cannot bear fruit in nronortion to blossom asie better days." Agaia, on April 16, be observed: — "Theni(10 years ago) all was hope and enthusiasm, and with plenty of capital at command the .planters were busy felling, clearing and planting thousands of -acres of fores land. The results, under the influence of abnormal seasons, fungus in coffee, easker in cinchona, overproduction, and lowptdces, have beengrevioue disappoint ment, and, in too many cases, absolute ruin of individuals and families, with the accompaniments of blighted leaves and broken hearts." The Dolosbage corres pondent, on April 18, wrote : — "What an awfnl sell this blossom has been. Not a fourth of it has set. Coffee in tbie -district has simply given up the ghost. I don't think Dimbula, Dikoya, and Meekeliya will give anything like what people expect from the blossom." On 23rd April, tue " UDBerver recorded trie opinion that — "Even to coffee the drought has not done all the good that was expected. Some trees were so debililaled that even this general season could not coax them into blossom, while in many more cases the fruit which set was not in proportion lo blossom. There will be an improve ment on recent years, but not a teeming crop, such as in the days of old puzzled the planters how to gather the 'palom.'" In the same paper it is stated -that the coffee plantations have become so devas-' i at ed ib at even i ho rats, which used lo feed in them, have ceased to frequent them.' In 1880-1,. 289, 476cwt of coffee was exported from Colombo and Galle ; in 1881-2, 365,5Q9cwi; in 1882 3, 144,104cwt; and in 1883-4, 220,772 cwt. Several of the planters are turn ing their attention to tea. In 1880-1 the export was 73,497fi)j and in 1883-4, 66o, 6681b. 