The Desperado an?d lthe iPuritan. Anoor tho year 1851 the moat inlluontial man in San Antonia was an alleged desperado named Bob Augustine. Bob came to San Antonio with a foarlul record. ie enjoyed the reputation of having killed a dozen or no of men, and was roespected aocordingly. Whil Ihe waas in Snu Antonia ho did not re. duco tile ensua at all, but that was not Iisa fault. Ho had a uoduotivo.way of drawing his cighteen.inoch Arlnsas toothpioh and ex amining it critically with a tininter, nnilo while Iulmbly requesting the temporary loan of 18. Thus was It that BIhb woent about acquiring wealth and warm personal friends, but creating no funerals. There rtere rumors that Bob was playing bluff, but that Was after ho lhad marched away. It was during the reign of Bob Augustine Sthe lon".rango roarer of Calaceras Canyon," as he familiarly called himsnelf, that a vouUi uman fromnrBoston, named John WVithniop c:oe to San .Antonio, presum:thly in search of healcth, 0s hl e broutht very litttle a'it hlim. Iti was fIr gone in counumption, and nothing but the faot thathe had but a short time to lire, unless the climate of western Texas saved him, induced hin to come to Sant Antonio. As everybody carried a pistol, Winthrop did not care to insult public do. cenuy by going unarmed. Blsides, such a course might as seoriously interfere with his restoration to health a. putting on a clean shiit. HIls Puritan training caused him to revolt at the idea of carrying firearms, so ie re. sorted to artifice, Ito wore a holter, but, instead of keeping a pistol in it, he had his cash funds stored away in it, and nobody was the wiser for it. On the contrary, WYin. throp was looked up to by the best citizens just the same as if he was loaded down with deadly weapons, Of course, everybody tried to make the stranger from Massachusoetts feel as domfortable as if he was at homeo; so he waotold all about Bob Augustino, thoeong. rangod roarer, rt least ten times a day, and he was advised not to be particular in asking security for the debt in case the roarer wanted to borrow a small loan, unlesshe (Winthrop) did hot wish to regain his health. Tho long.ranged roarer sauntered into Winthrop's room at tho hotel, but before the desperado could lopen his mouth or draw a weapon the unfortunate Yankee throw back his coat, and with trembling fingers tugged at his pistol holster to get at his money to ap. pease the would-be assassiu. On the other hand, as soon as the roarer saw Winthrop trying to get out his pistol hie turned as pale as a ghost. The alleged desperado's knees knocked together, the cold sweat boiled out all ov e; him, and he extcnded his hand and said tremtlingly : ",Don't draw, good Mr. Yankee. I was only trying to fool you. My bold Arkansas heart beats for you, my boy. I'jest wanted to teach you a lesson. Never lot any durned galdot get the drop on you. . If anybody in. sults you just tell them that Bob Augustine, the roarer, is your friend." Winthrop, who was more scared, it pos. sibl, than the roarer, replied : " Oh, I'll give you what you want," and kept on tugging at the holster, which came unbuckled. With a yell of dismay the desperado passed out through the window, carrying off the sasli, and ran down Commodore street, the principal thoroughfare, with the sash on his neck, howling, "Policeolice police 1 " closely pursued by Winthrop, who kept on tugging at his holster, trying to get out his money, he believing that the desperado was running to his room to procure a shot-gun with which to commit murder. All that afternoon Win. throp kept on'hunting the roarer, to pur ohabo peaco on any terms, and the roarer hid himself to avoid tlhe pistol of the Boston man. Neat morning the long-ranged roarer of the Calavoras canyon was missing, and Widthrop was the lion of the day for having runioff the terror of the Alamo City. 