Once Married — Twice Won. CHAPTER V. ( Continued ). All this worldly wisdom depressed Adclc, who made her escape as quickly as she could, but nob to her own room, where her wedding dress shimmered white in tlie gloom, like the ghost of her dead hopes, and the jewels iu her velvet case shone like serpents' eyes. Banished from there sho wandered into uiu'x-onservatory, and wished she had gone anywhere else when she saw Lord Lomax standing behind a large white camellia smoking his cigar. Me tossed it nw.iv t.lie innmniif. Ill1 nnnfrht-.' sight of her, and wont eagerly forward. He: would have taken her into his arms, but Adele moved quickly aside, and said, coldly— ' Stop, Lord Lomax: ; I want to ask you a question. Did you know that my mothers jointure was unencumbered when you bought jher shares in the Mexico mine?' 'Why, of courso,' lie answered, in. a tone of frank surprise. 'Thank you; that was all I wanted to ?know,' she responded, frigidly, and turned her back upon him suddenly and hurried out. , Lord Lomax was accustomed to his lady love's changing moods and caprices, and had made the best of them, believing he should win her in time ; but this was the most unac countable of all, and perplexed him so much, he stood staring at her departing figure, and wondering earnestly what it all meant. CHAPTER YI. ?*« The wedding-day dawned at last. Lady v Lomax had slept very soundly. Adele greeted it with sleepless eyes. One had everything to gain by this marriage ; the other as much to lose from everything but a worldly point of view. Adele had not minded so much when ? v , ;she could respect Lord Lomax, but, now she * believed he had purposely deceived her in order to gain his ends, all her respect— and she had -never felt anything but that— was turned to aversion, and she hated him as she had never conceived it possible to hate any human crea ture before. To live with him, to suffer his xaresses, to hear him speak- continually of his \- ^]ove,! seemed to her a martyrdom beyond her strength as sho lay writhing on her bed in : actual torture. She had heard every hour strike through i; 'the lagging night, and at last she felt as if her brain were on lire, and the strokes sounded ? : there. At six o'clock she rose and slipped 011 her dressing-gown. The house was very silent . - ? still, for Lady Lomax did not enforce early Msssr-: -. hours, lying so late herself. She crept down ? stairs, and wandered from room to room, her ? : ? long hair streaming over her shoulders. Any one who had met lier would have taken her for a ghost, so white was she, and her eyes so v: '. .. ? large and hollow. When the household began to stir she re -turned to her own room and stayed there, 'chafing and fretting inwardly, but constrained ?r . - ' into outward patience. At eight o'clock Leonie brought her a cup of tea, aud the two remained in consultation for : : at least half an hour. Adele's face had a. ? brighter look when she departed presently,' ?yo and: she sat down to her desk to write some ! letters. At eight o'clock Lady Lomax ap-: \- ? .peared, looming large in a flowered dressing . - gown. ... .'She had come just to take a peep at her. darling,' she said, playfully, and Adele smiled' ?' Ji?a bitter smile ; she knew her mother needed to . ? make sure that she was all right, aud had not ; . ' slipped out of her hands. ' A lovelier bride than Adele no human creature had ever seen, though her face looked ,, so white and cold you might have taken her .??for a statue, rather than for a living, breathing ? woman. I wish you would smile or blush, or do ? something,' her mother said, feeling curiously v chilled as she looked at her. : Thoy were alone for the minute. Leoiiio had gone to fetch the bridal bouquet, .which - 7 : . had arrived from Covent Garden half-an-hour before. ... 'I have plenty to blush for, nothing to j'-' smile at,' Adele replied, with icy calmness. . 1 ^-But Lord Lomax will be quite satisfied with ''moas I am.' 'Because he doosn's dare complain, poor ^ man! But most men would prefer Galatea in the marble.' ' Most men get what they deserve,' she rer ? i.; tor ted, with an enigmatical air. ' In that case nothing would be too good for Horace,' said Lady Lomax with decision. ' '??? ' Yow know, mamma, that is a question ? ; - upon* which we cannot agree j and, therefore, ?V ;.-1.:'.- - - , , it is a pity to discuss it.' ' ' And she walked with a' stately step to the :-? ?? ? toilet-table, and pulled off her rings, before -0'; moulding on her gloves. (Lady Lomax noticed \- 1 that sho did not even glance at . her. own fair '? reflection, but rather* avoided looking at ? hor -''''self— a bad sigivin one so young and beautiful. But Lady Lomax was determined only to ,flsoe the bright side of things this morning. \- j. She had obtained her heart's desire, and all the rest must needs be well. : , . - i-,.:Adele was to be given away by her uncle — a line old English officer, of whom she was -'?''really fond, and whose opinion she respected. ?It was like a stab to lier, then; ' when Sir '' Michael said, as they were driving to the church — _. ._ . ' ' '' '. . \- ' 'You are , a; lucky- girl, my dear. You ? might search all England over, . and you wouldn't find a better man than -Lord Lomax, and your having- chosen him gives me a high opinion of your sense.' - . i: - : ' Why ?'J she asked, just for the sake of \- relieving her embarrassment : by saying some thing. . v-,, ' Because he hasn't a handsome face and a ; ..'flowery manner, which is .all some girls look for. But he has the qualities that stand wear, \- and the truest courtesy, because it proceeds ? v T' from a fine. 11a ture,- and kindness of heart. .i;:;-.'Your happiness-, is'iiii your own -hands, my . - dear, and you are not all 1 take you for if you v don't make tlie -most of it.' ' Tears were very near Adele's beautiful eyes, but she thrust them back, and said sternly— \- ; 3 '.You don't know all, uncle. Lord Lomax 'is. not what you think him.' ?v.,; 'But, my dear, J. have known him well for , .y, twenty years, and his conduct to your mother has been beyond praise.' ' They have worked together, that is all,' r. ?? replied Adele, in a tone of resentment that puzzled Sir Michael at the moment, but was to be only too well explained later. Then tho carriage stopped, and the old man sprang out nimbly and helped her down. . Adele had insisted on a very quiet wedding, : .. and insisted so strongly, Lady Louiax had been obliged to give way, greatly to her reluctance. Miss St Leger was tho solo bridesmaid, Lord Lomax brought his best and dearest friend, while the guests belonged to tho near relatives only. 5* till the intended marriage had got abroad, and the church was crammed with spectators. Adtilo had been ono of tho beauties of the season, and great interest was felt in the event in her own clasp. Lady Lomax had smiled and nodded to lifty people at least, and even stopped to shake hands with some as she rustled up the aisle in one of Worth's masterpieces; but Adele looked neither to the right nor the left, and did not even know that the church was full. ' LorcLLoiuax was waiting for her anxiously, and as he saw her come gliding up the aisle in ' gloss of satin and glimmer of pearl' his heart seemed to leap up into his throat, and a passionate thrill went through his whole being. How I10 loved her, this fair-faced girl I How lie loved her, alas ! for his peace. He tried to catch her eye as she placed her self beside him at tho alter rails ; but she kept her face averted, and her hand felt marble could when she placed it presently in his. ' For better for worse, for richer for poorer, in sickness and in health, to love and to cherish until death us do part.' Adele repeated the solemn words with stony calm and perfect distinctness ; but when she came to ' untiljdeath us do part ' a faint gleam of defiance shone in her eyes, which were uplifted momentarily to Lord Lomax's face. Then she shuddered, and the heavy dark lashes fell again, casting a pencilled shadow on her white cheek. At last the ceremony was finished. Adele only knew this because her husband lifted her hand, pressing it tenderly as he did so, and laid it 011 his arm. After this they repaired to the vestry and signed their names, and the few guests gathered round with earnest con gratulations. Then Adele felt her mother's kiss 011 her face, and heard her say in a whisper — ' My darling, you behaved splendidly. I never was so proud of you before.' If behaving splendidly was to hold yourself together with all your strength for fear you should scream out, Adele felt she must merit the encomium. But it had taken all her power of will — all her physical force to bear the strain, aud she looked so white, Lord Lomax fancied she was going to faint, and told the coachman to drive quickly. I11 a quarter of an hour they were at home, aud Lord Louiax half-lifted, half-helped her out of the carriage and took her into the house. The servants were gathered in the hall to welcome her, but Lord Lomax passed through them quickly with a kind nod, and took his wife into Lady Lomax's boudoir. Leonie had followed him, and he turned to her, and said, almost sharply for him — his usual manner to dependents was so perfectly courteous — ' Get me a little brandy, directly.' . Good, :my lord.' And she vanished. ' ..When she came back Adele was already recovering, but she eagerly drank the'dose her husband prepared for her, -and the colour surged back into her cheeks, and her eyes : began to shine again as if fed from some fire within. (To be Continued.) 