WARD.* »Br PBWT." SriBirs," ,B.TBICKKBTHANWATSB,"&C.; CHARRAB XLVII. ,,C T ART INTERVIEW. . rJrds of old prison life there ib a ptberccor jifeloug enemies, who, ^Sentenced for their crimen to the 1Dgb -wnt find themselves chained ,e puniBhmcn . h remain(jer of !tl'«ice in each other's company. 11 ^ comparatively happily, or, at all tn 1 SFhnn mieht have been expected, "f'^n er i^a fit of uncontrollable '.he 6t Einr« the weaker, and is 6'0I1i l^nf for it In married life, the "Sl ich unite tl'ie miserable pair who Another are not so easily loosed, ihe otlier band, the bond is not. quite so 1 If hey are poor, indeed, it is terribly t to l ave to share the same bed and ,1 Sth one we fear or deejjise must be a ' bevond the imagination of an in this is the chief reaion. no doubt, r murders occur in domestic life among loTer orders so much oftener than among well-to-do. In the latter case there is D for man and wife to live, and breathe, have their being, apart from one another; : are married only in name, and coexist w is made endurable. I am speaking, of Kee, of sensitive persons. The majority Kenkind, fortunately, are not dowered K the hate of bate, the scorn of acorns, Edeed with any very delicate feelings; to a at many men one wife is as good aa jtber (though perhaps not so good as two), 1 to a great many women one huBband is as id as another, just as one acquaintance ie food, to moBt people, as another. « e .not perfect ourselves, and must notex |>t perfection in others," was a remark once de lo me by a good woman, with reference one who for his treatment of her deserved i gallows. lophy Adair was not a wife of that kind, tie as she sew of her husband, she wonld re gone mad had it not been for the pre-' upation of her mind with her sick child, at was the tie that bound her to existence; rrything else prompted her to escape from x weeks, of late, Adair bad been Bcarcely at home. He breakfasted early by him and left the house only to return to it ;er its inmates had retired to test Some dcs he sent a telegram from his office, shall bring a friend this evening who will realone with me." Upon the first occa in Sophy had understood this to mean that, ongh ber husband did not wish to see her table, he meant her to welcome their guest the drawingroom. An unpleasant task oogh, but one which, however, she did not rink from ; not from any notion of pleasing i hnsband (for such an illusion had long nisbed), nor from any sanse of duty, nor en from fear of him, but from a mere ecbamcal impulse on which she now always tedeicept in matters which concerned her iild. The gnest arrived, a tall, Btout, florid isonage, covered with jewellery, andsmok g an immense cigar, fie was a few paces advance of his host. " Hullo, petticoats 1" ieidaimed,not, in "hushed amaze," by V means, but with naive and very undis ii6ed astonishment. ithfury^ *ace' tehind him, grew pale That is my wife, Mr. Dawson. I suppose ir miscarried," addressing him 5 r\ hA Precision to Sophy, inT * Wanted to keep you dark, Sr TV0UI? tfulyi". observed the iigjii f"\ Aour husband is one ot them KST688'maam- For ** ***> ?(nmP"er ot the man was odious, yet totedt?8 hl8 e?Pre88'°>1* The one JgMM coarse vulgarity, the other 'in^a«,l"Btice'the^ad not intended rtlhath^iST ? yife'8 society ; 'his own wl! e ,.nvi.ted 8nch a person «SdeSfWa^ indeed of. mid not W ^ i he had 80nk- It Btbadca^hiTL^011 «>mpanjon8hip ite for it-If mn f u ^ for "e had no eceesitv ' tL e teen dewnright. ©isant that «fly P^wr-maid wsb 1{et" in her ho . re. was something lest havmg to wait on such a 'toverwratio to?hBr8at®onal P°wer8 (often ^Possessor) Relmiw° attr«ction8 of «ourj seemed to recommend huujj to* host, for he came again and again. " other hand, things did not always go. 1 l00% with them. Mr. Dawson's voice; 1 s sometimes pitched in a higher key than I _ bbm for anecdote, and he was more t than: 1 rce beard to thump the; table with, an; I ?Kpasig too great lor mere appreciation, i ?toe were certaiulydvsasreements, possibly 1 piwieig. On cme occasion a very strange | PKomstance came under the notice pf ? the | Wooi-mtuti, ^er master had brought a I P »nfnd home, with whom ho diiwd alone,11 orach older and *eas talkauve but in whose voice and raaunet i something, nevertheless, familiar i» behaviour, too, waa fawnuiw» Kfced ber under the chin at parting, it had been Mr. Dawson's wont to J ?P?ln the performance of this ceremony ^cording to her own account, she .strc fr1 |esiated--hi8 long whiteboard .1 wvealedMr. Dawson himself; l.yff tt*oomm6n ornament enough, but a ®n the ears is an unusual toe unman countenance, and ex* U waa concluded, even b* Ste*.. own household,timt Ur. John i fS? ^ ^ swallowed: his »arlf Souhv to th* \ and even to her eyea (in which there was no I wifely interest) the-change in him WBJS very j remarkable;' His face was thinner and more i haggard th&n; shfe had ever seen it; it looked pate and anxiouB, but with a certain deter mined ferocity about it like that' of some hunted wolf that listens for the- cry of the hounds. He had a telegram in his hand which he had just received, and which he was tuning and twisting nervouBty. He glanced up at her white steadfast face as she entered the room, and then walked to the window, keeping his back to her. " How iB the child ?" he said, in hoarse, quick tones. " Better, I trust; certainly better, though she gainB strength very slowly." " That's well," he said, with an unmistak able sigh of relief; " we muBt leave home to day." " Leave home! Yon have surely not the doctor's sanction for that" " I have," he nnBwered, positively ; " and it I had not, still we must leave home. Please to give me your best attention, madam, instead of asking questions or making objec tions. Something has gone wrong in the City ; it is useless to attempt to explain it women know nothing of such things-but it has become necessary for me to go abroad until the thing has blown over. You need not fear for the child, for she will travel with the utmost comfort. Here is some money." He thrust his hand into his breast pocket, and pulling out a great sheaf of bank-notes threw one of them towards her without look ing at it "You may take an invalid carriage for her, if you please, but you will go by the two o'clock train to Gravesend, ana wait at the Green Dragon Hotel for my arrival. Jeannette will, of course, accompany you. Do you understand ?" She did not reply, and he wheeled round and confronted her impatiently. His brow was knit, his features were working convul sively ; he looked anxious, yet furious, like a j gambler who is watching his last stake. John Adair had never been good-looking; j but it was curious how every trace of youth and culture bad by this time goneoutof him, leaving only the desperado. Nor was Sophy, in her turn, less changed. She was still very comely, but her comeliness was the last thing about her that would have Btrack any observer above the level of the j clown. Her characteristic had been wont to be her vivacity; her sprightliness of air and manner had been so marked as to be a some thing peculiar to herself; all this was gone. The delicate* colour on her cheek, the laughter in her eyes, even the agile move ment of her fairy limbs, had vanished. Although the mere ghost of her former self in these respects, there was, however, a de- j termination in Sophy's face as it met that of her huBband which it had never possessed j in youth, and which the other shrank from. Ever since she had known that Adair had j made use of her to rob the canon, her loathing of him had cast out her fear of nim. He had perceived the change, but mistaken the cause of it He thought that she must long ago have become acquainted with his behaviour to her guardian. He had wiped that crime from his own mind with the ease with which the commercial philosopher wipes oat a bad debt; he had com mitted BO many offences since - of fences, too, that had so much more danger in them-that the remembrance of it had ceased to trouble him. He attributed Sophy's new-found courage to quite another cause. His conscience led him to suppose that, somehow or other, she had become acquainted with his designs against little Willie, or, at all events, that she had some suspicion of them. Face to face with her, he was almost afraid of her-afraid that she should suddenly cry aloud, " Villain! you have been plotting murder against your own child, and I have found you out" Nothing, indeed, but an extreme and urgent need could have induced him to talk to her upon the subject of little Willie at all. But, as it was essential that they should leave the house, and the state Of the child's health, as he had foreseen, was her chief objection to that Btep. it was necessary to speak upon the topic. His furious manner-though he was angry enough-waB half-simulated ; he put it on to intimidate her, or, perhaps, to hide the trepidation with which he was himself agitated. He was no coward, but he had tried and failed to kill something else besides little Willie-his conscience. " tkt you understand me, madam ?" he re peated. "Yes," she answered, firmly, "I under stand you very well." There was no satire in her tone, but the simple truth she spoke had a far worse sting than any satire. " Then yon know that I will be obeyed. You and Jeannette can pack up all that is. necessary in a couple of hours, I suppose. In order that there snail be no excuse, however, you shall have four." " It shall be aB yon please." . This submission was too prompt, too easy, Ond it excited his suspicions'; hiB mind was: like a sentinel who has outstayed his watch and lost his nerve. Every sound suggested an alarm, and even the absence of sound. He thought that she was only promising to obey him to gain time. ' " Mind you," he raid, in a menacing voice, . I ahall be here myself to see that all is ready, in the meantime I will .order the invalid carriage for the two o'clock train.! Though I shall not acoompany you, I shall be sure to be «t: the Green Dragon. You may not see meL perhaps, to-nignt, for I shall arrive !ate, by water. Yob need say nothing of that to anybody, biit I wish to repose confi dence in you." i 'Across Sophy's face flitted the distorted shadow of a smile. He noticed it, and frowned heavily. ' We areman and wife," he said, "an4 ratiBt gink or awim together. Things have gone badiy herej hut they will M: better else* where. j W« must roost elsewhere/* but our nest will be feathered for UB/randne tappeq1 his bre^ iio(^t :ettilti)^.<, !' Where w$ fftpng the child will recover more quickly. It ft the very climate which the doctor WPOttmsads."- . ; « he expected her to ask where this salubrious spot was situated, be was mis taken. Her manner was anything but indifferent It was plain that she was paying attention to every word he said; but her lace was cold and stiff as a stone. "Haveyou any further commands?" she inquired. Patient Griselda could have said no more, but her tone jarred on his ear. "You speak like an automaton," he answered angrily. "No, I have nothing more to say; it will be the easier to remember. At one o'clock I will be here with a large carriage, BO that the child can lie at length. You will be Bure to be ready by that time. " I shall be ready." He went out without another word. If he could have.looked into the future-if he could have known what that very day was to bring forth-would he have parted from her thus? It is difficult to say. But if Sophy could have foreseen what was to happen, I do not think her behaviour would nave been different. Things had gone too far with her in the way of misery, of which this man was the chief cause, for any retrograde step towards ten derness or even pity for him. The tre mendous issues of futurity itself were dwarfed beside the contemplation of her wrongs and wretchedness, what he bad done now was merely another drop added to that cup of bitterness which he was always holding to her lips. As it happened, he had uncon sciously caused it to run over.; that was all. As she turned to leave the room, she saw the bank-note lying on the table. She picked it up with a gesture of abhorrence, as though it were some infectious tag. It was a note for a hundred pounds. She felt that he had had no intention of intrusting her with any Buch sum; that. he had thrown it at her without though^ out of his unaccustomed superfluity, as one might inadvertently, out of a full plate, throw meat instead of bone to a dog. For an instant,she held, it in both hands, with the evident intention of tearing it in pieces, when suddenly a reflection oc curred to her. "It is not his," she mur mured ; " it is the canon's." And folding it neatly up, she placed it in her purse, and went up stairs. 