PARLIAMENT. LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL. TUESDAY, SEPT. 2. The PRESIDENT took the chair at 23 minutes to 6 o'clock. RETURN OF WRITS. The PRESIDENT announced that he had received the following returns to write which he had issued for the election of new members South Yarra Province, Colonel Sar- good elected a North Eastern Province, Mr. J. A. Wallace elected ; North Central Province, Mr. N. Fitzgerald elected, North Western Province, Mr. G. Young elected. NEW MEMunns. Colonel SARGOOD, the newly-elected member for the South Yarra Province, was introduced by Mr. Lorimer and Mr. Graham. Mr. l'iT?ahltALD, the newly elected member for the North Central Province, was introduced by Dr. Hearn and Mr "cal. The two members then took the oaths and the seats they had formerly occupied. LEGAL PROFESSIONS BILL. Mr. LORIMER presented two petitions from barristers of the Supreme Court against the Legal Professions Practice Hill. Dr. HEARN moved "That the petition from the barristers of the Supreme Court be referred to a committee of the whole House on the Legal Professions Practice Bill, and that it be an instruction to the committee that they have power to examine witnesses and call for papers." Mr. BALFOUR said he thought that notice ought to be given of the motion, and then it could be considered on the next day of meeting Mr ZEAL she thought notice should be given of the motion. Dr. HEARN stated that passing the motion now would not cause any inconvenience, as it would only be necessary to adjourn further proceedings with the bill for a week, and then call the evidence. Mr BEAVER said that, as the member in charge of the bill, he had no objection to the motion being passed now. What he intended to do when the order of the day relating to the bill was called on was to move that it be referred to the committee, and that progress be then reported until such a day as would be convenient for obtaining the evidence. The motion was agreed to. PETITION. Mr. HANVA presented a petition from residents of Shepparton in favour of grocers' licences ReDuceD TELEGRAPH CHARGES. Mr CAMPBELL announced that the Government had decided on reducing the rate on telegrams to Oil for six words, and one penny for each additional word. I'J'lie statement of the hon. member was similar to the one made by the Premier in the Assembly, and given in full in another column ] MINING ON PRIVATE PROPERTY BILL Colonel SARGOOD moved that the report of the committee on this bill be adopted. Agreed to. The bill was read a third time and passed, and it was ordered to be sent to the Legislative Assembly, COMPANIES STATUTE AMENDMENT MILL. The House went into committee on this bill Clause 1, "Title of the bill, was agreed to Clause 2, "Companies may change their names," was read. Mr. BALFOUR said that the clause was taken from the Friendly Societies Act, but Dr. Ahearn was of opinion that it would be better to take a clause from the English Companies Statute, which would answer the same purpose, and as having charge of the bill, he would like to hear what Dr. Leura had to say on the matter. Mr ZEAL thought it was extremely in- convenient for the Government to allow private members to propose alterations in the statute law without giving hon. members some idea of the effect the alterations would have on the general laws of the colony. The clause in the Imperial Companies Statute which had been referred to gave power to review changes of names of companies, and required them to sanction alterations before they could become law. He had written out a copy of the English clause adopting its phraseology to Bint this colony, and he now proposed it instead of the one before the House. It was us. follows - "Am company registered under the Act ino with the sanction of a special resolution of the company, and passed in manner mentioned in that act, and with the approval or the Governor in Council, testified in writing under the hand of the cork on the Executive Council, may change its name, and upon such change being made, the registrar general shall enter the new name on the register, and in tho place of the former name shall BIBO a certificate of incor- portion altered to meet the circumstances of the case, but no such alteration of name shall affect t any rights or obligations of the company, or render defective any legal proceedings instituted or to be Instituted by or against the company and any legal pro- feelings may be continued or commenced against the company by its new name that might have been continued or commenced against the company by its former name " Dr lICAliN said he was just about to propose a clause similar to the one Mr. zeal had just moved. In 1881 the House would recollect he proposed a number of alterations in the Companies Statute, on the lines of English legislation. The House agreed with those proposals, and the bill went to another place, but no more was heard about it In that bill, in almost the identical words, was the new clause now proposed by Mr Zeal With this clause in the bill, instead of the one that appeared in it, as brought before the House, he did not think there need be any fear about passing the measure Mr. BALFOUR was glad to find that Dr. Hearn and Mr Zeal had come to the committee with precisely the same proposal. It must have escaped the notice of Mr. Zeal that on the second reading he (Mr. Bal- four had been very careful not to say that the bill contained the clause in the English statute. What he did so.) was that the clause contained the same power as that given in the English statute. He might add that previous to bringing rue inn u love me house, he had consulted Dr learn about it, and the latter then suggested that instead of accept- ing the bill as it came from the Assembly, it would be better to take the course which was in the Companies Statute at home. He (Mr Balfour) agreed with that and had the clause in his hand. when moving the second reading of the bill, being ready to propose it in place of the one in the bill. The clause was undoubtedly a better one than the one at present in the bill, and he had pleasure in accepting it as proposed Mr MACBAIN said the clause moved by Mr Zeal would meet the objections which he (Mr MacBain) used on the second reading of the bill The bill is presented on the second reading did not appear to him to sufficiently protect the public but the new clause proposed to be inserted would meet the case, and he had pleasure in supporting it Mr LORIMER was not quite satisfied that the new clause would give sufficient protection Might not the regulations of the company, in accordance with which the special resolution was to be passed be of such a nature that those interested would have less notice of the chance than would be the case under the clause as passed in another place 1 Dr IIPARN believed that the English clause would afford quite as much protection in respect of notice as the one in the bill 'The English act worked well and therefore there need be no occasion for nervousness in adopting the clause Mr MACBAIN said he had omitted to express his doubts whether the bill would deal fairly with those depositors or creditors of a bank which proposed to chance its name There was a great deal in a name, and its alteration might tend to weaken the position of the bank or company A depositor might object to the change, and if he did he ought to be able on demand, to get his money out He hoped that in making these observations he would not be accused of being a Tory-(laughter)-for he found on listening to Mr Lorimer just now that the hon gentleman was a greater Tory than he was (Renewed laughter ). He joined with Mr fall in the expression of an opinion that these changes in statute law ought to be dealt with by the Government, and not by private members. Mr BALFOUR thought that if no changes in statute law were to be initiated except by the Government, legislation would be much retarded The hands of the Government were too full to undertake little measures of this sort. As to the objection of Mr MacBain that the bill did not allow a de positor objecting to the change of name to withdraw his money, he (Mr Balfour) contended that it would be very wrong for them to give depositors power to at once withdraw money which they had lodged lord used period Besides the change of name would in no way interfere with any obligations 'I he clause proposed by Mr Zeal, to replace clause 2 of the bill, was then agreed to with the words " testified in writing under the hand of the clerk of the Executive Council ' omitted On the motion that the bill as amended be exported, Mr. LORIMER desired to allude to some assented amendments in the Companies ?iî"Vu,f°' which '"JJ been formulated by the Chamber of Commerce On the motion for the second reading, he had suggested that the amendment must be considered with view to their inclusion in the present bill After considering them, it had been felt that their inclusion might probably jeopardise the passing of the bill, and under the circumstances the amendments had been with drawn He hoped, however, that the Government would take a note of them, and that when they had time they would make an attempt to thoroughly assimilate our law on this subject to that which prevailed in England (Hear hear) the bill, as amended, was then reported to the House LEGAL PROFESSIONS AMALGAMATION BILL Mr BEAVER moved that this bill be committed The motion was agreed to, and the bill committed pro forma ADJOURNMENT Colonel SARGOOD said that there would be nothing else on the notice paper of any moment this week and he suggested that on rising the House should adjourn to the following Tuesday) The motion was agreed to At 12 minutes to 6 the House adjourned to Tuesday next. LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY TUESDAY SEPT 2 The SPEAKER took the chair at half-past 4 o'clock THE NATURE OF AN CAn. Mr COPPIN asked the Minister of Public Inst action if his attention had been called to a statement in a Ballarat newspaper, that out of six lads who were called to give evidence in the City Court last Monday only one knew the nature of an oath or the sin of telling a lie and if the necessary steps would be taken to punish those who are responsible for such deplorable ignorance Mr GILLIE S said that from inquiries he had made he had come to the conclusion that the answers given by the boys arose more from nervousness than actual ignorance on their part of the nature of an oath two of the boys attended a state school, and the teacher had informed him that they knew the difference between truth and falsehood, and that there was a moral obligation upon them to tell the truth three of the other lads re ceived religious instruction at their respective e State schools. In Ilaciwood a A otes and Lessons on Mon- al Subjects which had just been circulated among the teachers, one of the principal directions was that teachers were to inform children as to the nature of an oath, and give them illustrations on the point. It was one of the best books ever introduced into schools SI LrClORS HOLDINGS In reply) to Mr looun, Mr R LUCKE R said that there had been no change of policy in the administration of the 42nd section of the Land Act 188" the price charged the selector before he obtained the Crown grant did not exceed the upset price of the nearest land sold by the Crown before the issue of the licence PETITIONS Petitions in favour of the retention of grocers' licences in the Licensing Bill were presented as follows -By Mr HUNT, from residents of Alexandra by Mr UAH, from residents of Shepparton and by Mr SHIELS, horn residents of Coleraine . LICENSING BILL In reply to Mr MASON, Mr liritUY said that it was the intention of the Government to introduce the Amending I licensing Bill this session, but it was impossible to say when He would suggest to the hon. member that if he would assist the Government in disposing of the business before the House, he would facilitate the in- troduction of the bill (Laughter ) ADULTERATION OF FOOD In reply to Mr GRAVES, Mr Bl RUY said that no actual steps had yet been taken to bring into operation sections 36 to 38 of the Public Health Act deal- ing with the sale and adulteration of food, but the local boards of health of Melbourne and suburbs were about to appoint an analyst in order that they might give effect to those provisions inn INJURED GUN ON BOARD THE CERBERUS. In reply to Mr MASON, Mr. SERVICE said that the accident to one of the after turret guns of the Cerberus occurred on the afternoon of Tuesday, the 26th August, and was reported to the Defence department next day by Captain Thomas. As the gun was on board the Cerberus when she came out, the original cost of it could not be ascertained, but the estimated price of a new one was £1, 13 As the type of the gun was now obsolete, it was anticipated that one could be obtained for a smaller MIHI No other type of gun was suitable for the Cerberus, which was herself obsolete to a certain extent, excepting for particular purposes The Council of Defence had not formally decided what should be done in the matter, but it was very probable that a new gun would be brought out, and the injured one held in reserve It would still be serv macabre to some extent, as several shots were fired from it after the accident SOUTH SUBURBAN RAILWAY FARES Mr LAURENS asked the Minister of Railways if the passenger fares, especially for periodical tickets, charged on the south suburban lines, had engaged the attention of the commissioners with the view to their alteration, so as to make such rates remunerative in future For the last three years the revenue from the lines was £271,000 less than the interest on the amount for which they were purchased. Mr GILLIES replied that the matter had been under the consideration of the commissioners for some time There were a number of questions connected with it of public interest and importance, but the commissioners had not been able up to the present time to consider the subject in all its curing As soon as they were in a position to do so they would make definite recommendations upon it to the Government HACKWOOD'S MORAL LESSONS Mr HUNT asked the Minister of Education what steps he had taken to remove the objectionable passage from Blackwood's Notes and LciKom on Moral Subjects to which he had drawn attention The passage was a Declare that it is important to begin the subject of cleanliness with children and illustrate calls by the Irish landlord if he built a lot of nice new cottage? for his tenantry), but who when he visited them shortly after their occupation found them as dirty and w receive 1 as the miserable huts from which the people had Just removed, because they had never been thought to be clean and tidy Mr GILLIE S said that the question asked by the hon. member on the last occasion was as to the instruction on the fly leaf of the book that teachers were to illustrate the passages by references to Holy Scriptures. He (Mr Gillies) had given instructions that that direction was not to be followed, and that the passage referred to by the hon. member was not to be quoted by the teachers QUESTIONS ON WEDNESDAYS Mr GRAVES asked the Premier if he proposed to give effect to the suggestion he made to the House on Wednesday that questions should not be asked oil Wednesdays" The practice of putting questions to Ministers had now become a considerable part of the business of the House of Commons 'the daily average in that House was 42, but in this House it was about eight Mr SERVICE said that the hon member must recollect that the House of Commons and five days a v. week, but apart from that he (Mr Service) believed that the practice had become such a nuisance that considerable discussion had arisen as to how it was to be abated He did not propose to ask the House to formally take steps to give effect to his suggestion, but to leave it entirely to the goodwill and judgment of hon members The course was adopted in a previous session, and was found to be very convenient EXAMINATION PAPERS In reply to Mr J J MADDEN, Mr SERVICE said it was not the practice of any examining body in the world to allow candidates to obtain copies of their examination papers and their replies thereto, but, apart from that, it was considered that it would be very undesirable to pursue such a course in Victoria. The effect of it would be to bring if not into collision, at all events, into correspondence in the public press and otherwise the examiners and those who had been plucked RAVENSWOOD STATION In reply to Mr Mount, Mr GILLIES said that it was proposed to make provision for the erection of shelter accommodation at Ravenswood railway station THE MAGDALA COMPANY Mr WOODS said that, in speaking on the Land Bill the other night, he mentioned that the Magdala Company at Stawell had expended £30,000 m prospecting without re- ceiving any return He found that he had unconsciously done the company some wrong, and the manager had requested him to put the matter right He had received the following letter on the subject - "MOLdala Company No Liability 7 2 Bath street, Ballarat, Aug 30, 1884 "The Hon J Wor Sis, M L A , Melbourne "Dear Sir --I have the honour to call your attentlon to an inaccuracy) in the amount (DSO 000) stated by you in the House this week to have been spent by the Magdala Company In prospecting, This company was originally registered under the Limited Liability Act and some thousands of pounds were spent. It was afterwards reorganised, and registered under the No Liability Act since which time upwards of £73 000 have been expended, making in all, from the room managment a grand total of something like £100,000 At there is such a large difference between the amount stated by you and that given above, I trust I am not asking too much when I request that you will I firmly correct your former statement, If convenient, as It has given a wrong impression to many of the shareholders in the company I hereby enclose, for your information, the balance sheet to-1st May last, us under the reorganisation " I have the honour to be Sir, "Your most obedient servant, " E V STEPHENS, Manager " REDUCTION OF TELEGRAPH RATES Mr. SERVICE said when the hon. member for Ballarat West asked him last week as to what the Government were going to do with regard to the reduction of the telegraph charges, he was not a position to answer him The Government had given careful and repeated consideration to the question, which was surrounded with considerable difficulty. One difficulty, and not the least, was the apparent impossibility of getting the officers of the department to agree among themselves as to what would be the effect of certain reductions and certain variations Now, however, the Government had decided that on and after July 1 next telegrams of six: words would be sent for 6d (hear, hear-and there would be an increase of 3d for every word over that The effect of this was to make a reduction of 20 per cent on the present rate for telegrams up to 10 words, and a reduction of 50 per cent on shorter telegrams The Post office and Telegraph department in civ ed a loss to the revenue of £102 000 per annum, and the loss would probably increase. The telegraphic business was not increasing as it should be The average increase of business since 1879 was He per cent per annum, but the increase last year over 1882 only amounted to 3 per cent. The expenditure increased in far greater ratio In reference to the postponement of the date at which the new system would come into operation, he thought it was two years before Cd. to figures were brought into effect in England. Not only was the financial question involved in the case, although the loss in this instance would not be very large, but one of the chief reasons why they did not adopt another scale of prices was that a large amount of capital! was required to bring it into working order. For instance, to introduce messages of 10 words for 6d. would involve a capital cost of between £13,000 and £40,000 It seemed absurd to mention two of amounts so widely apart but one officer of the department said it could be done for £13,000, while another said it would involve an outlay of £40,000. It would also take a considerable time to train officers for the increased work. The officers of the department estimated that the present concession would involve a loss of about a G.OOD, but he hoped that this amount would be made up in a short time. The Postmaster-General in his memorandum said: 111 think, however, we should not lay too much stress upon the financial aspect of the question in both postal and telegraphic matters vi of should readily face a loss, so long as it is not extreme The telegraph is a most important factor in the development of a new country like this, and is amongst the necessaries of life In business wide d stances, bad roads, slow communication, or scattered population make the telegraph of special necessity and value " (Hear, hear ). This was the view that the Cabinet took, and he believed that the reduction would meet the requirements of a large section of the community who used the telegraph considerably, and that it would also be a boon to the other sections. (Hear, hear.) Mr. MASON said the statement of the Premier must be regarded with satisfaction, blithe would like something to be done about messages the cost of which now had to be prepaid. If a member of Parliament received a message from his district he would have to pay for the reply, unless it was distinctly stated in the message that the reply would be paid for at the other end. He did not see why members of the House should pay the cost of re- plies in such cases AN HON. MEMBER. You get £300 a year for that. Mr MASON did not want the messages sent free of cost, but the cost should not have to be prepaid by members of Parliament Press messages were now sent without being paid for, and why should not the privilege be extended to members of Parliament' Mr SERVICE said this matter had been under the consideration of the Postmaster General It was not considered desirable to interfere with the recent changes at once, and, further than that, if people were able to simply write " collect on messages, a considerable amount of bookkeeping would be involved, and the department would be put to some expense and trouble He knew that the evil of the present system was felt by others than members of Parliament, and the matter would have to be considered again He would mention it to the Post master General again (Hear, hear ) CUSTOMS DUTIES BILL Mr KERFERD moved the second reading of a bill for increasing the customs duties on spirits The motion was agreed to, and the bill was read a second time and committed On clause 3-" Confirmation of past acts ' Mr MASON said he noticed that the licensed victuallers had asked the Premier to make a distinction between the duty collected on rum and others pints Rum would under the increased duty be taxed, to the extent of 300 per cent, and as it was the spirit most largely consumed by the working men, and had to be sold 90 per cent cheaper than other spirits, it was urged that the duty should be reduced He hoped that the Treasurer had kept his promise and brought the matter under the notice of his colleagues The Premier had objected to the introduction of differential duties, but seemed to forget that we already had differential duties in the shape of excise duties Mr SERVICE said the request of the licensed victuallers had been brought before the Cabinet, who, after due consideration, thought it undesirable to alter the duty, and this decision was communicated to the licensed victualler last week (Hear, hear.) Mr. GAUNSON hoped the Government would reconsider their decision 'The Premier said we would be assimilating our spirit duties to those of the adjoining colonies by making the proposed increase, but brandy, which was subject to 12s a gallon duty here, would have 10s 6d a gallon levied on it in Sydney i Mr KERFERD said the hon member knew that the Government could not reconsider the question at the present stage, but his words would no doubt abide with the Premier (Laughter ) The clause was verbally amended and agreed to Clause 4- ' Act to be read as a portion of Act No 1579 and the schedule were also verbally amended and agreed to. The bill was reported with amendments DISTILLATION BILL Mr Kntl ERD moved the second reading of a bill for increasing the excise duties on spirits The motion was agreed to and the bill was committed and reported without amendment CROWN LANDS BILL This hill was further considered in committee The debate was resumed on clause 3 which ran as follows - Persons In occupation at the commencement t of this act of any lands of the Cro v n under the provi sions of any of the acts hereby re) called and who remain on such lands after the expiration of the term for which they held the same under such repealed acts shall not so long as such law Is are not required for the purposes of this act, an so long as they pay taxes under a grazing licence Issue 1 in der the authority of this act for the grass of such lands which the Minister is hereby authorised, to fix from time to time and to levy and take be treated as trust assers thereon It was proposed to add the words, except on leased areas Mr IUCK1 R said there seemed to be some misconception as to the real meaning of the clause At the end of this year all pastoral licences would be dead, and the object of the clause was simply to be answered these pastoral licences into grazing licences in order that there should be no loss of revenue, and in order that the persons holding the lands might have time to clear out before the new occupants came in The glazing licences gave the slightest possible tenure. Mr JAMES said that in respect to the areas coloured brown, which were intended to be leased to small men, a number of the pastoral tenants had already allowed their licences to fall in and had not again renewed them therefore the Crown at the present time was affording grazing land to those past tenants for which they received no rent at all. Mr. TUCKER-No no Mr JAMES could show the hon member instances of the land and cattle belonging to past tenants still on the land should be regarded as trespassing Mr TUCKER. They will be Mr JAMES wished to know who would clear them out Mr KERFERD remarked that he would make a note of the point raised by the hon member, and would see that the pastoral tenant who held a grazing right would not stand in any better position in regard to rmpoundingthanthe man who took up a 1,000 acre block (Hear, hear.) Mr. RICHARDSON observed that If any person was found in unauthorised occupation of Crown lands or depastured his cattle on them he would under the 96th section of the bill be summoned and lined The duty of impounding such cattle was never performed, and it would be well if such a state of things could be remedied in the bill. Mr. DOW said that a suggestion had been made to subdivide auriferous and timber I lands, when not specifically required as such into convenient blocks for small holders If that was carried what would be the position of the present squatters' Mr KERFERD stated that the present squatter on the 1st January, 1880, would in law be a trespasser on such land To guard against that, and to utilise the grass, the squatter would be enabled to take out a grazing right under which he could lawfully occupy the land, but it would give him no more power against the person taking up the blocks under under this bill than it he had no grazing right at all. Mr. TUCKER remarked that the grazing right would give the tenant the smallest possible hold on the land It only extended over a year, and would have to be renewed every 12 months It was his intention to sub dtwdc the auriferous lands into conveniently sized blocks for small holders (Hear, hear ) For the information of the committee he had prepared a statement showing how these lands were at present occupied, and to what extent, under the three heads of pastoral and grazing licences and commonages. In the counties of Bendigo, Bogong, Borung, Dalhousie, Ripon, Rodney, Talbot, and Evelyn, nil the auriferous lands were commons In Gladstone and Grant only were there grazing licences over auriferous lands, the amount in the former county being 24 square miles, and in the latter live square miles in Gladstone, also, there were 03 square miles held under pastoral licence, and 250 square miles of com manage In Kara Kara 1155 square miles were held under pastoral licence, and 125 square miles were commonages, while the areas under these heads in Grenville were nine square miles and 105 square miles respects to) Mr WOODS pointed out that in America the very opposite method in reference to impounding to that indicated by the Attorney-General was practised In the States no mi pounding was allowed, so that every man had to take care of his own cattle He would suggest that for the three years during which the selector would have to ience in his block there should be no impounding permitted Mr GAUNSON failed to see any necessity for the 3rd clause Even although it were provided in the clause that there should be no impounding, what about the common law right to sue for trespass If a law were passed that there should be no impounding when cattle trespassed from one man 's land to another s there would be still the right to sue for trespass a still greater evil The rich I men could take care of themselves, but the poor men-the only thing they were sure of | was getting to heaven Mr WOODS That is deferred payment Mr &AUNSON-lhatmaybe; Mr \T0 desired to know whether the present holders would have the preference in the granting of the grazing licences Mr TUCK.ER -No, they have no preference Mr KERFERD -the grazing rights will be competed for Mr GRAVES said the principle of the Impounding Act of 1873, brought in by Mr Case) was that every man was bound to keep his cattle upon his own land, whether fenced or not fenced It the bill were passed as it was the holder of the thousand acre | block would be liable to have his cattle impounded by the adjoining occupier who held a grazing right In regard to the third clause, the intention appeared to be to preserve the grazing right to the Crown where the land was not taken up Mr M LEAN pointed out that the third clause did not touch upon the question of impounding at all. If a general discussion were to be raise 1 upon ever portion of the bill, clause by clause it would take a very long time He would suggest that they should confine themselves to the subject matter of the clause Mr LANGDON said that if clause 3 were I carried as it now stood, very serious injustice would be done to a large number of the occu [ pants of land marked yellow on the maps, and, as showing the opinion of his' constituency he mentioned that at a public meeting held at Burke's flat, the following [ resolution was passed - "That this meeting is of opinion that all auriferous reserves should be thrown open for selection in small areas under grazing; licence for 14 years, and that miners should have the right of entry without compensation to the licensee This meeting views with dismay the proposal to exempt all the land in this district from future selection, the majority of the farmers' holdings being too small to combine grazing vv 1th agriculture " In the counties of Bendigo, Kara Kara, and Gladstone there were large areas, termed gold field reserves, on which there were pastoral tenants, and if the clause were passed those now holding grazing rights would monopolise too much of the country, and there would be no chance to select small holdings. He recommended that the clause should be postponed for the present. Mr. W. MADDEN said he had given notice of a clause which would meet the hon. member's objection. Mr. ANDERSON was anxious that there should be some provision for destroying v erin in upon land held under grazing rights. Mr. KERFERD.-The holder of a grazing right would be in a position to destroy the vermin Mr. ANDERSON urged that there should be some provision made whereby the rabbits on the unalienated lands should be destroyed. Mr. TUCKER said one of the conditions of the pastoral licences to be issued was that the vermin should be destroyed. The same condition would apply to the agricultural and grazing areas to be leased. In reply to Mr. BENT, Mr TUCKER said that in the Avoca district there was a very large tract of country which was of so poor a character that if there had been no selectors already there it would have been classed as pastoral land, but if the land had been placed in the blue, as the hon. member contended, none of the selectors would have been able to get a small grazing right. It was simply with the object of giving to the selectors the chance of obtaining a grazing right over 300 or 1,000 acres that the land had been classified as it was. (Hear, hear) Allotments might be taken up of any size, however small. Mr WRIXON said that this discussion might be continued when the Attorney- General brought down amendments by which he proposed to deal with the difficulties that had been pointed out. The hon. gentleman had promised that he would see that those who took up the 1,000 acre blocks should be placed in no worse position than pastoral tenants with regard to impound- ing. He should be glad if the Attorney-General would consider whether the best way of dealing with the difficulties would not be by amendment of the Impounding Act It would scarcely do to make special provision for holders under this measure different from the provisions for holders under the other Land Acts, or under the general law, with regard to trespass, and the true remedy would be a proper revision of the Impounding Act Mr. JAMES withdrew his amendment, and the clause was agreed to. On clause Interpretation of terms, Mr. W. MADDEN asked whether wattles might be planted on the 1,000 acre blocks. Mr. TUCKER.-There, is nothing to prevent that Mr. W. MADDEN desired it to be Bpicifi cally stated in the act, and not to be left to depend on the permission of the Minister. (Hear, hear.) A tanner residing in any town in the colony might desire to take up 1,000 acres and plant it with wattles, and there was nothing in the act at the present time which would allow him to do it Mr. KERFERD said he thought the committee would generally agree with the hon. member for the Wimmera that wattle cultivation should be allowed, and they would take care when the proper time arrived to insert words giving the authority he desired. (Hear, hear.) Mr. YEO pointed out that a 320-acre selection was only to have one-quarter of a mile of frontage to any lake, lagoon, river, stream, or watercourse forming a boundary of sucluselection. This would make a very unsightly block, which would be almost like one of the columns in the Chamber-very narrow and very long. It would cause a great deal of unnecessary fencing. (Hear, hear.) Mr. TUCKER said this quarter of a mile frontage had been the law for the last 15 years, but he would alter the clause to "not more than half a mile." (Hear, hear.) Mr. BENT withdrew for the present his amendment for making the agricultural allotments 640 acres, and at the some time substituting leasehold for selection. It would be more properly brought on at a later stage, when he would submit it to the committee. Mr. DOW said that he wished to move an amendment on this clause, in order to place married women on the same footing as single women as far as the right to select land was concerned. Mr. W. MADDEN.-It is doubtful whether they are prohibited from doing so now. Mr. KERFERD pointed out that a married woman could under the bill take up a grazing area but not an agricultural allotment. This clause only referred to the matter by defining the meaning of the term "selector," and if the hon. member for Kara Kara wished to give effect to his amendment, he would have to strike out certain words in Clause 40. The clause was agreed to. Clause 5, Act not to apply in mallee country," was agreed to. On Clause, division of Crown lands," the first lines of which read as follows: "The whole of the unalienated lands belonging to the Crown shall be and are hereby divided into the following classes-" , Mr. MIRAMS moved that the clause be amended, to read as follows: "The whole of the unalienated lands belonging to the Crown shall remain so, and shall be hereby divided into the following classes, for leasing or licensing purposes only." Mr. M'LELLAN asked whether in the event of the amendment being carried the Government would embody it in the bill. Mr. KERFERD said that the arrangement was to vote upon the clause without further debate, and that if the question was an Bwered it would only lead to further questions What the Government had to say in regard to the amendment was that the bill proposed as much learning as they thought could be carried out. Mr M'LELLAN said he was prepared to vote the other evening, but as the question had been re-opened he wished to know what effect the adoption of the amendment would have upon the Government measure It was a fair question, and he would not be satisfied without a distinct answer He could not understand why the Government had blundered so far as to allow of this matter being brought up twice. He was prepared for a division on the merits of the question, and if the hon. member for Colling. wood brought the matter before the House at some future time, when it would not affect a measure of such importance as the Land Bill, he would vote for it At present he declined to be drawn into a leaving share (Hear hear ) Mr BERRY said that the hon. member for Ararat or any other hon. member could vote against the amendment, and still be sincerely in favour of leasing Those who voted in favour of an amendment that could not be carried into law were trying to force some thing into the bill that could not be carried through Parliament He did not wish to debate the matter, but merely to tell the hon. member for Ararat that he might vote against the leasing principle in this case while still believing in it. Mr. WOODS was of opinion that the Chief Secretary, in trying to put the hon. member for Ararat right, was putting the hon. members who were in favour of leasing wrong To those who, like himself, were sincere advocates of the leasing system, it was a new thing to learn that they might show their belief in a principle either by voting for or against it If such statements as these were made, it was calculated to lead to an acrimonious debate. Why should not every hon. member vote according to his convictions ' , Mr W M CLARK said that the amendment would only refer to country lands, The committee should not be asked to vote to do one thing for country lands and something else for town lands Mr BENT thought it was time the Chief Secretary dropped the lecturing business. The other day he told a deputation that the Opposition had obstructed business at though the leading members of the Opposi- tion had refrained from speaking upon this very question in order to save time Two members of the Government, the Chief Secretary and the Minister of Mines, were once in favour of leasing, but turned their backs upon their principles soon as they joined the Government The Chief Secretary, not content with that however, wanted to lecture those hon members who were more consistent than himself. The Government claimed to have introduced the leasing principle in this bill and the Mallee Act, but as far as the latter measure was concerned, the had only to adopt the ideas of the late Government They went round the country proclaiming themselves great land reformers The members of the late Government did not object to the present Ministry taking the pay for carrying that bill, but objected to their claiming the credit for framing it Now, when the Opposition were prepared to vote the Chief be cretary must start a lecture Why should not every one vote according to his principles Mr BERRY -This is a leasing bill Mr. BENT-It was prepared for the Government. He was surprised at hon. members who held constitutional views permitting statements such as had been made by the Minister of Water Supply when he met the deputation on the water question, recently to pass under! lenged He had seen the day when hon members would resent such talk as the Minister had indulged in about delay of the business of the House the time would soon come when the public would want to know who the Government were and how it was they had a majority who would pass anything they proposed Mr G GAUNSON said the way in which members of the House were lectured, here stored, and bullied by the Government was highly objectionable Mr JAMES -We will discuss that when there is a want of confidence motion Mr GAUNSON -Oh, there will be a no confidence motion in due time On that understanding I will sit down at once (Laughter) The House divided on the amendment, with the following result - Ayes 14 Noes 16 Majority against the amendment 34 The division hat was as follows - AYES Mr Bent Mr Laurens Mr Russell \- Davies D M \- Mirams' Colonel Smith \- JHncham \- Nimmo Mr Hoods \- Gaur noa Dr Quick \- you rig. A. \- James Mr Richardson's NOES Mr Anderson Mr Harris, A. Mr Officer \- Baker \- Harris J \- Orkney \- Bell \- Hunt \- Iteea \- Berry \- Kerferd \- Kcid \- Bosisto \- Keys \- Robertson \- Cameron \- Langdon \- Service \- Clark V SI \- Langridge \- Si ackell \- Connor \- Mackay \- Smith a \- Cunningham \- Madden J J \- Staughton \- Davies M H \- Madden W \- Toohey \- Dcrhain \- Mason \- Tucker \- Dow \- M lit}io \- Uren \- Gillies \- M. Lean \- M alinea \- Graham- M Ulian \- Wrixon \- Graves \- Moore \- leo \- Hall \- Murray \- Young 0 The following were the pairs for, Mr A T. Clark and Mr Billson, against, Mr Wheeler and Mr Deakin Mr RICHARDSON said that in somewhat the counties where mining operations were now being conducted there was no land marked on the maps as auriferous In the counties of Delatite and Benambra and in other counties mining was carried on to a considerable extent on land that was not marked on the maps as auriferous and this showed that the divisions made in the bill is shown on the maps were really not correct The land that was referred to in the bill as auriferous was simply that upon which mining had been conducted, and efforts should be made to ascertain what country could properly be termed auriferous. Mr KERFERD remarked that it would be impossible for any man to prepare maps which would not be subject to amendment afterwards, so that the clause was absolutely necessary in order that the classification might be altered as necessity arose Mr Vi MADDEN-It is an enormous power to give to any Ministry to remove land from one class to another Mr KERFERD -It was necessary power Some land on the Australian Alps for in stance, might at a future time be discovered to be auriferous The information asked for by the hon member for Creswick would be supplied before the lands were dealt with in detail Mr. MASON observed that the power now possessed by the Government of declaring and to be auriferous was one of the greatest obstacles to selection. He knew of several large areas in Gipps Land which would be selected were it not that the mere name of auriferous had been given to them. Great caution should be exercised in tabooing land to the selector. Mr. MACKAY said that it was a mistake to hurry the bill through as the hon. member for Delatite advocated. The maps attached to the bill were worse than imaginative. They were all guesses, particularly as regarded the setting out of the auriferous lands. In a series of letters between the president of the Amalgamated Miners' Association, Ballarat, and a number of miners at Merton, published in the Courier, the miners stated " We can name two counties, viz , Delatite and Anglesea, in which we can show that there is a large area of land that is not only auriferous, but which has been worked for a number of years, and is still giving a livelihood to a number of miners; In short, they are recognised and acknowledged goldfields. In Anglesea 18 situated Alexandra, Gobur, Durham Gully, Marton and Growler's Gully ; in each place leads have been worked for a distance of from two to three miles, and supported a large population during the working. . . In Delatite is situated Jamieson, Howqua, Dry Creek, and Doon Diggings. . . We do not understand why these counties should be left out of Mr. Tucker schedule." Was it not a perfect farce to bring down such maps as schedules to an act? Bruce. Reef, a few miles from Sandhurst, was not marked on the map as being in an auriferous district. Sufficient care had not been taken to prevent the alienation of auriferous lands, and it became a question whether they could go on with the bill at all. Mr. KERFERD thought you were coming to that Mr. MACKAY.-Could the bill be gone on with after the bottom had been knocked out of it in that style? Mr. KERFERD don't think you will be able to knock the bottom out of it Mr. MACKAY thought the Minister should find out who was to blame for the errors in the maps. This Government evidently did not understand the mining population. Although the Attorney-General represented a gold-fields constituency, the bill was complained of by mining members at every turn. Mr. CONNOR said that he intended to move that camping reserves along the main roads and reserves to further agricultural advancement should be provided for in the bill. The members for mining districts seemed to think there was no other interest but that of mining to be considered. The agricultural interest ought to be considered as well. (Hear, hear.) Mr. W. MADDEN marked that, as a better means of obtaining correctness in the maps than relying on one man, he would suggest that before the committee came to the second schedule the Government should call upon well known men throughout the colony, surveyors, and others, to advise with Mr Skene, the survey or general, on the classification of the funds. Such men as Mr Howitt, Mr Nixon (of Benalla) Mr Stirling (of Omeo), Mr Dudley (of the North Western District) and Mr Black, and other gentlemen of similar experience, might be selected for this purpose Mr STAUGHTON did not think that what the hon member for Sandhurst (Mr Mackay ) said as to rushing the measure through Mr GAUNSON They're not rushing the measure through , they are being prevented Mr STAUGHTON said it was very much to be regretted that they were being prevented With regard to classification clause C gave all the power the hon member desired for if there should be a mistake in any of those maps, that clause would enable the Government to include in the auriferous area land which was subsequently found to be auriferous (Hear, hear.) Mr. M LLLLAN said they must take very great care into whose hands they put the classification of the lands An hon member for the Wimmera proposed that certain surveyors have power to do the work, but many of those gentlemen had very little acquaintance with the goldfields Mr W M VDDrN -I only suggested the names subject to the review of the committee afterwards Mr M'LELLAN said the committee had not got much information on the Auriferous lands of the colony From his 25 years experience he felt perfectly satisfied the lands had been fairly well classified, and he believed the maps were pretty reliable The Government should not part with the water re- sends, us they would be of vital importance in the event of prolonged drought. The camping reserves should also be kept Mr WOODS said that a singular incident had recently occurred, which showed how utterly unreliable the maps were as to auriferous lands The only place in the colony to which there was a new rush at the present moment was just outside land marked and ferous on the map Mr TUCKER.-It has been found to be auriferous since the maps were prepared Mr WOODS wanted to know on what date the maps had been marked The distinction between auriferous and non auriferous lands was entirely out of place in this bill after the promise of the Premier to the miners. (Hear, hear.) It would save misconception and a great deal of time, if time third subdivision, auriferous lands, were taken out altogether When the committee came to clause 53 he intended to move that the distinction be struck out of the bill Mr KERFERD said that all the land known to be auriferous was set apart, and there was power to include land which was subsequently found to be auriferous. It the committee decided to strike out the whole of the auriferous division, the alteration which the hon. member now suggested could be made afterwards Mr CONNOR moved to add, after the word and in subsection 7 of the 6th clause, camping grounds and reserves in favour of the department of Agriculture Mr YLO seconded the motion, believing that such reserves would be of great benefit Those reserves should be on the line of road to the different railway stations, as well as to the general markets It was a disgrace to the colony that more had not been done in that direction in times past (Hear, hear.) Mr. KERFERD said he had explained to the hon. member for Geelong, that this amendment more properly came in in clause 10 If he would move the insertion of the words there the Government would accept them Mr CONNOR would, under the circumstances, withdraw the amendment, and bring it on hereafter The amendment was withdrawn, and the clause was agreed to. On clause 10 "land reserved for sale, ' Mr CONNOR proposed that after the word " purposes in line 27, there should be added or as camping grounds Mr WOODS opposed the amendment These camping grounds were not now needed when the colony was reticulated with rail moss at great expense to the state Mr K1« IirERD supported the introduction of the words There were several parts of the country, notably the North eastern district, where camping, grounds were absolutely necessary and it was well that the bill should give the power sought for Mr LANGDON opposed the proposal to include camping grounds in the clause These grounds were under no control, and were very often plague spots --v Mr JAMES instanced North Gipps Land as one of those parts of the colony where camping grounds must be provided for Mr SIAUMHON supported the insertion of the words The amendment was agreed to Mr CONNOR moved that the words " 01 reserves in favour of the Agricultural department be added to the clause utter the words just inserted Mr RICHARDSON hoped the committee would pause before adding those words after what had been reported in the newspapers lately He alluded to the promise of the Minister of Agriculture that he would try and have a Crown grant made to the National Agricultural Society of the show yard at Flemington Mr C J. YOUNG thought the member for Creswick had quoted an unfortunate in stance in referring to the National Agncu, tural Society (hear, hear) for that society stood in a most singular position It had been knocked about from pillar to post after incurring great expense on buildings Now, when it had got to its present quarters at Flemington it was proposing to erect buildings worthy of the society in every way, but that could not be done unless they could not row money the society did not want the grant provided Government was prepared to give them money for the improvements The Minister recognised, he felt sure, the justice of their claim Mr 110 trusted the Government would seriously consider the question of granting sites for agricultural shows Mr TUCKER.- It is done in this clause Mr KERFERD -the power that existed before exists now Mr JAMES S understood that the objection the Government had to giving a fee simple for these lands was that they might be sold or devoted to some other purpose than that for which they were intended It was well known that church lands had been so disposed of Mr GAUNSON By virtue of a special act of Parliament Mr. ANDERSON was of opinion that lands should be set apart for future use in connexion with agricultural colleges. The system existed in America on the soundest footing, and the example might be followed in this colony. Mr. KERFERD explained that in connexion with the claim made on behalf of the National Society for power to mortgage their land, any such permission would have to be specially granted by Parliament. Mr. M'INTYRE thought that after the Minister of Agriculture had made a solemn promise to the National Society, his colleagues should not have repudiated it. Mr. WOODS.-It was an after-dinner promise. Don't make so much noise about it Mr. M'INTYRE.-The Minister for Agriculture should explain how it was that his colleagues would not see the matter as he did. He should say, "Good-bye, gentlemen." Mr. KERFERD.-If he resigns, will you take his place ? Mr. M'INTYRE.-The hon. member would not like to have him. If he madeamomise h would want to know why it should not be carried out. Mr. BERRY.-Ask him the question to-morrow. Mr. LEVIEN,-Let us discuss it at the proper time. Mr. M'LELLAN was of opinion that reserves for experimental farms should be granted to the different agricultural districts that were now leading together for the purpose. Under the management and supervision of practical farmers, better results would be achieved than at Dookie. Mr. CONNOR understood the reserves would be marked on the plan before the bill Mr. WOODS said that an island of some 1,200 acres at the mouth of the Little River had been reserved for public purposes, and was now occupied by the Messrs. Chirn- side, Mr. TUCKER.-Under a grazing licence. Mr. GAUNSON said, in reference to the subject raised by the hon. member for Geelong, there was not much real difficulty if the land were permanently reserved, but if the land were only temporarily reserved the agricultural societies would be hampered in obtaining money, as they could only borrow on their own personal responsibility. The committee should leave the power practically as it stood at present Mr. DOW said that until the Government adopted the system of endowing agricultural colleges followed in other countries, they would never be able to impart agricultural education in the colony with any- success. Any proposal to vote a few thousand pounds for agricultural purposes was now scouted by those hon. members who had no sympathy with the agricultural interest. Agricultural colleges should be endowed, and those interested in them should not have to come to the House every year as beggars. Mr. KERFERD said they could provide in the clause for reserving land for the purposes of agricultural colleges, and if the hon. member would frame a clause proposing to I endow agricultural colleges, it could be dealt j wife as a separate matter Mr GAUNSON -endow schools also (Hear, hear.) Mr. kbRITRD proposed to insert after I farms in ihedOth line, the words agricultural colleges; ' Mr C YOUNG hoped some steps would be taken for the endowment of agricultural colleges, and as he did not think any good j object was gained by Keeping up experimental farms, he would like to see Dookie farm set apart for the purposes of an agricultural college Mr CONNOR said he intended that reserves should be set apart for the maintenance of schools of agriculture, as was done in the United States At least one agricultural col- lege was badly needed Mr LEVIEN said provision was made for plenty of reserves for agricultural purposes, and these reserves might be dealt with in a separate bill He earnestly desired to push on agricultural education, and hoped a bill would be introduced at no very distant date, with a view to promote it The amendment was agreed to In reply to Mr W cow, Mr KERFERD said ample provision was made for the reservation of land for sale a butts Mr MACKAY directed the attention of the Minister of Lands to the last part of the clause, which provided that lands permanently reserved by the Governor in Council should be deemed to be permanently reserved for the purposes for which they might have been reserved and wished to know if the Minister had issued a lease for Mud Island which was reserved for national purposes Mr TUCKER said if the lease had not been issued yet, it would be issued Mr MACKAY-Then the Minister in tended to fly in the face of the decisions of previous Ministers He did not think the Government had any right or power to lease land that had been reserved for national purposes Mr KERFERD pointed out that the clause proposed to give power to reserve land only, and the power to reserve land was altogether distinct from the power to deal with reserves. The hon member might properly test the question as to whether reserves should be dealt with at all when some clause relating to that question was under consideration. Mr. MACKAY would raise the question as to whether Mud Island, which was public property, should be spoiled, and put to some use for which it was not reserved Mr. McINTYRE thought that the whole question of reserves would be settled after this clause and the two succeeding ones were passed. Now was, therefore, the time to discuss what would be done with reserves Mr KERFERD -In the next clause you will see what can be done with them. Mr RICHARDSON asked whether, under this clause, miners residing on lands under miners' rights could be turned out when the lands were permanently reserved. Mr KERFERD would consider the point, but his idea was that land occupied under miners' rights could not be permanently reserved The clause as amended was agreed to. Clause 11 was moved as follows - After any land has been temporarily reserved from sale, or from being leased or from having a licence granted in respect thereof, the same shall not be sold or leased, nor shall a licence be granted in respect thereof until such temporary reservation has been revoked by the Governor in COURIER, and after any land has been permanently reserved from sale, every convey ance 01 alienation thereof, except for the purpose for which such reservation has been made, shall be absolutely void as well against her Majesty as all other persons whomsoever " Mr W. MADDEN suggested that power should be taken to issue yearly grazing licences over reserved finds it not required for public purposes, in order that the grass might not go to waste Mr TUCKER pointed out that the clause expressly referred to land temporal fly reserved from grazing licence Mr RICHARDSON remarked that in this clause power was taken to provide camping and water reserves of which it was very wise to prohibit the alienation for any purpose. (Hear, hear.) Mr. WOODS asked whether land could be arbitrarily reserved by the department under the clause ' Mr T UCKXR.-ror public purposes Mr WOODS-Then what was the island at the mouth of the Little River reserved for Mr T UCKLR-It is a recreation reserve Mr "W GOODS said that power to reserve land for any particular purpose should not pass out of the hands of the House Mr GAUNSON moved that the words " Governor in Council be struck out with the view of inserting the words the Legis lative Assembly of the colony of Victoria Unless this amendment were carried the Government would be taking an exceptional power Mr DERHAM expressed the hope that the Government would provide that no reserva- tion in respect of land to be used for the purposes of an agricultural college could be revoked by any succeeding Government The committee divided on the question that the words Governor in Council proposed to be struck out stand part of the clause, with the following result - Ayes 40 Noes 21 Majority against the amendment 19 The following is the division list - AYES Mr Baker Mr Kerferd Mr robertson \- Both \- Landridge, \- Russell \- lorry \- Levien \- Service \- Billson SirC MacMahon \- Shackell \- Collar on Mr Madden, V \- Shiels \- Cunningham \- M Coll \- Smith 0 \- Davies I) M \- M Lellan \- Tucl cr \- Dow \- Moore \- Uren \- Fink \- Mtnmo \- Walker \- Gillies \- Orkney \- WiRon \- Oraliain \- Kees \- Yeo \- Hall \- Bold \- 'round, A \- Harris A \- Richardson \- on \- James NOES Mr Anderson Mr Harris J Mr Murray \- Bosisto \- Hunt \- Officer \- Connor \- Langdon Dr Quick Col Smith \- Derham \- Mackay \- fincham \- Madden J J Mr Toohey \- Gaunson \- M. Intyre \- Woods \- Graves \- M Lean \- Young C The clause was agreed to. On clause 12, "notice of permanent reserva- tion of land to be published in the Government Gazette before such reservation," Mr. M'LELLAN urged that the notice I should also be published in the newspaper circulating in the district where such lands are situate. Mr. M'COLL suggested that the notice I should appear in the local newspaper and the Government Gazette alternately. The clause was agreed to. On clause 13, " notice of temporary re- servation to be published in the Government Gazette after such reservation," Mr. GAUNSON moved after the word " Gazette " to insert the words " and shall be laid on the table of the Legislative Assembly." It was idle to talk about a notice published only in the Government Gazette being any public notice at all. (Hear, hear.) Nobody read the Government Gazette, and none of the newspapers extracted such notices from the Government Gazette. Supposing there was a six months' recess. Mr. MACKAY.-There never will be again. (Laughter.) Mr. GAUNSON.-But, supposing a temporary reservation was desired during a recess, no harm would be done to the public interests by delay. Delay was the fundamental principle, of the British Constitution. (Laughter.) Mr. KERFERD.-Permanent reservations I could only be revoked by act of Parliament With regard to lands to be temporarily reserved, it was absolutely necessary for the protection of the public estate that the Minister should have the power of which ] he would be deprived by the amendment. For 20 years the power had been exercised, and he did not know that it had ever been a abused. Mr. FINCHAM.-I can give you several instances. I would deprive the Minister of the power. Mr. KERFERD.-Anyone who had been | in power knew that it was absolutely necessary that a Minister should have the power given in the clause. Mr. M'INTYRE would like the Attorney-General to show in what possible way the I amendment proposed would take away the power. What objection could there be to the amendment? There was nothing de- ' rogatory to the Minister about it Mr. KERFERD.-It will be unwork- able. Mr. FINCHAM said he could mention several instances in which the Minister of Lands in this and in previous Governments had been influenced so to act as to abuse the power. Mr. KERFERD.-State a case as against the present Government Mr. FINCHAM cited a piece of land which had been reserved for public purposes to the use of the municipality of Ballarat. In consequence of influences which were brought to bear, that land had been sold for a nominal sum. A HON. MEMBER. Not by the present Government Mr. FINCHAM said that he might also refer to the reservation of Mounts Buninyong and Warrenheip. Both these reservations included large areas for timber conservation, but under political representations or some influence those sites had been disposed of. Mr TUCKER.-They are permanently reserved Mr FINCHAM a small portion of these only-the remnant Mr RICHARDSON did not think the hon, gentlemen had proved by his instances that the privilege had been abused by Ministers There was no necessity for a provision to give greater security in the matter The power must be ested in someone Mr GAUNSON And this amendment does not take it away Mr RICHARDSON held that it did, and that the amendment would make the clause unw orkabie The present Minister of Lands in his reserving propensities, which were going too far-(laughter)-had, at the instance of the Railway department reserved two miles of land suitable for selection on each side of the routes of the flying surveys for the southern line in Gippsland The land had been pegged out by selectors When the department had decided what land was wanted, surely it was necessary that the Minister should have the power of immediately using the telegraph in. the interests of selectors Mr GAUNSON -The Governor in Council has to do it What nonsense' How can the Minister do it of his own accord Mr RICHARDSON-The hon. member had himself acted as the Governor in Council before now when it was necessary to revoke reserves the matter was first sent to a local board of inquiry, and unless there was reason to believe this bowl were mistaken, the Minister invariably endorsed their finding Mr GAUNSON We want greater publicity Mr RICHARDSON-If hon. members knew the routine of the department, they would be satisfied Mr FINCH VM -We have seen some loose- ness there Mr RICHARDSON-The discussions in this Chamber prevented looseness His complaint against the Minister was that he exercised too much care He actually asked the opinion of the Ballarat Council the other day about selling some land in the district. He trusted the motion would not be carried. Mr M'LELLAN thought it was purely an act of administration and that such little things should not be taken out of the hands of the Minister It he could not be trusted in such a matter, he was not fit for the position Mr M'COLL wished to say a word as to reserves, and how they had been dealt with In 1871 a certain reservation was made The CHAIRMAN The committee is now dealing with an amendment proposing that certain documents shall be laid before the Legislative Assembly Mr M COLL -What I am going to say bears exactly on the amendment This reservation was made-up miles long and two miles and 13 chains wide An HON MEMBER.- Was that the canary 1 * (Laughter ) Mr M COLL Effect was given to the re- servation by the surveyor general calling for tenders for survey, and tenders were sent in to the Lands department Mr OrEICLR.-I rise to a point of order I understood you to rule that the hon. member was out of order and I wish to know if we are to obey the ruling of the hon member or your own The CHAIRMAN The hon. member is out of order I have ruled that before The amendment is now under consideration Mr M COLL -I disapprove of the amendment and as I never take no for an answer unless my reason carries me with it, I would like to continue my remarks '1 tenders were called for daughter, and cries son 'Chair ) it Mr GAUNSON-Really I must ask the Ministry to see that the rulings of the Chairman have reasonable respect paid to them I always respect the rulings of the Chairman, and take care never to put myself in the power of people who would thrust me from the House without the ghost of a show Mr SERVICE Hear, hear Mr GAUNSON -I am now speaking on a point of order, and as I like to see respect paid to the Chair, I really think the Government should put a stop to my hon friend, the member for Mandurang Mr M COLL said that a reservation made in 1878 when the Amending Water Conserva- tion Bill was before the House( Oh and laughter.) He thought he ought to be heard He could notboastot the cool, logical abstract tive thought of a Wrixon (Loud laughter ) w ell, one hon member had been allowed to tell a story, and he would tell one too (Hear, hear ) Sir Walter Scott-(laughter)-once said that the critics of his new els reminded him of an old wizard ' Oh a sort of sleight of hand man who had a monkey that he called Jun! on Sir Walter Scott said that he was reminded of James the First by this civilised, this disciplined cape, Jacket Mr GAINSON-You Bald Jack Doo before (Laughter ) Mr M'COLL-Jackoo bit at those who did it happen to side with his master and in this he was like the hon. member for South Melbourne. The hon. member was in the hands of a certain party and was biting at hon. members on the other (the Ministerial) side now but when he went on that side himself they would make him turn round and bite the side he had left (Laughter ) Would the Attorney- General now give an 11s surance that the reserve mentioned would not be revoked unless by an act of Parliament Mr KERFERD -Yes, if it is a permanent reserve The committee divided on the question that the words "and shall be laid on the table of the Assembly be inserted, with, the following result - Ayes 4") Noes 16 Majority against the amendment 16 The division list was as follows:- AYES Mr Anderson Mr Harris J Mr McLean \- Bosisto \- Hunt \- Murray \- Connor \- Langdon \- Officer \- Derham \- Blackaby Dr Quick \- radicalism \- Madden J J Mr Woolley \- Gaunson \- M In re- Young, a \- Graves Noes Mr Baker Mr Keir ford Mr Shackell \- Berry \- Lancrldgo \- Shiels \- Cameron \- Levien S-Smith a \- Billson \- 1 Coll \- Staughton \- Graham- M Lellan \- Tucker \- Cunningham \- Moore \- Uren \- Dow \- JNimtno \- Walker \- Fink \- Beul \- W lion \- Gillies \- Richardson \- Yeo \- Hall \- 1 Robertson \- Young A. \- Hauls A. Mr nust.cH \- Zos \- dames \- Stn co The clause was agreed to. Clauses 14 to 17 were agreed to. On Clause 18, " Holders of certain licences and leases to have pre-emption," Mr. KERFERD moved the omission of the words " Under any licence granted under part 4 of this act, or " The object of the amendment was to do away with the granting of freeholds to holders of 49th section areas, and it was moved in accordance with the promise made by the Government in the matter of the non-attend- tion of auriferous lands. The amendment was agreed to Mr. TOOHEY moved to omit the words "to be determined by the board, and insert in lieu thereof the words, " of one pound per acre." The Minister of Lands had changed the policy of his predecessors by asking for more than £1 an acre. Mr. OFFICER could endorse what had been said. There were many of the 49th section selectors complaining in his locality that while others had been allowed to select at £1 per acre, they were charged £2 by the department. That seemed to him to be positively unjust. (Hear, hear.) Mr. TUCKER said this matter was brought before the House in 1860, when the fourth section of the Land Act of 1880 was passed, and the clause now? before the committee read exactly as that section did. As for himself, he had left the matter to the surveyor-general, with instructions to deal most liberally, and there had only been a few complaints from the district represented by the last speaker. Mr. RICHARDSON did not think the Minister would be justified in altering the law as it stood. Mr. TUCKER-The bill is the law as it stands. Mr. RICHARDSON.-The law as it stood made it a condition that the land should not be sold at a higher rate than the upset price of the land adjoining. Mr. TUCKER.-We will restore the phrase, ology of the act Mr. TOOHEY withdrew his amendment Mr. KERFERD moved-In line 35, after the word board, that the following words be inserted cannot exceeding the upset price of the nearest land sold by the Crown before the issue of such licence or lease. The amendment was agreed to. The clause, as amended, was agreed to, and progress was reported. ADJOURNMENT. At eight minutes to 12 o'clock, the Home adjourned till next day, A HELSHAM from us is, received in New York on August 1, states that a warrant has been issued for the arrest of Savary, president of the board of directors of the Bank of Lyons and Loose, a deputy of the Chambers, has fled to America on account of frauds. Morand, secretary of the board, had also fled to the United States. is; ' ^ 