FRANCE. (FRsO oust ows cotKESPOsetiEe.) PALt.S, July 26. The French are becoming impatient at the slowness of Chinese diplomacy. which isal ways asking for more time, while France is eager to pocket the 250 millions, and so help to square her budget. We now know that the affiir at Lang-son was not an ambush, but a mess and muddle on both sides, an error of delay on the part of the Celestials ; a trop de lpe blunder on the side of (;eneral Millot. It would be better for China to not examine too closely her rights, but pay a few millions in order to avoid risks, And France would also do well not to be too exigent, as she would have some to incuralso. Theoccupa tion of Foe-chow and of Formosa, may en tail greater consequences than either dis putant can forsee. The Conference on Egypt must be in a bad state indeed, since the hlaut banqlc, which roles, and not 31. Ferry, has had to again let slip its dogs of war-the press, to abuse England. After the experience of the recent campaign on similar lines, which only provoked smiles in England and directed Enlish sympatheies Germanwaids, it was to e cncluded France had seen the folly of such childishness. Emile de Girardius' theory is now taken up, the alliance of France and Germany against England. The odds are rather the other way. So far as Jeames's eavesdroppings reveal, the Congress, save France. has not the slight est wish to relieve Enlgland of fully executing her role of policeman in Egypt, though de serted by her once colleague when the mo ment arrived for tie reading of the Riiot Act. The powers care very little about the eleva tion of Egypt: secure the Shylock bond holder their pound of flesh, and do as you please with the regeneration of the country. That's the coalition France leads. But site has an axe to grind under this garb of guardian of the Itraute baoque and the crushing of the fellaheen; she longs for the flesh-pots of Egypt; she wants, would give her eyes, to be allowed to re-enter by any door, be it side or back. As England cannot now shirk her respon sibilities, and as France has told her diplo matically, but not the less very plainly, she is unfit to administer Egypt, and to make way for the de Bligniores and Baritres, it be hoves old John to go to work at last, and above all in earnest. Let himt indulge no more in romance and twaddle about such utopias as Belgianising and internationaliz. lug ; let him advance the necessary cash to re-organise Egypt, to put down the .Mlahdi -not a great ditticulty if the work be under taken earnestly, and retain the country as a pledge. Let him adopt the " Hands off" policy towards the intertnational Marplots and scheming Pashas ; let him only think of quitting the Nile when the French are pack ing up to leave Tunisia and Tonquin; and above all let him nominate a representative with the spirit of Old Pan and the energy and inexplicable resolntion of a Stratford ic Redcliff. Then England will be considered to be in earnest; the fellaheen will pluck up heart of grace, andl the swarm of Lilliputians that buzz and live by putting spokes in the wheels of English rule, will vanish like ghosts at cock- crow. There has been some excellent speaking in the Senate by Mesars Leon, Say, and Simon against the revision of the constitution as understood by the Cabinet. They only view the project as a ministerial, not a constitu tional measure. The chances are all in favor of the postponement of the whole matter to the Greek Kalende. The Scrrtin de lite is a much more important reform ; that plan of electing deputies will give a superiorclass of legislators, animated by higher views than those of their native parish. And this is now the more important as France is crippled in her finances, and can see no other way ount of the tight place but apparently in pro tection. After increasing the iobunty for home sugar growers, and the tax on imported sugars, France is now about augmenting the tariff on Italian and Spanish wines, which, since the phylloxera, are converted into clarets France has too many irons in the fire at home and abroad. People are cotn. mencing to ide?sand results. The peasant is a good patriot, will not begrudge his hard won sons in the interests of his country; but he is beginning to examine more closely, what are those interests. He is a little muddled respecting Tunisia; he b in gross ignorance about Tonquin and ssuatchee his pate over Madagascar. It is on that c ceted brewing storm that the egqesa of he Republic coaut. As all parties n Fance split up like tadpoles the royalists have now a swarming off. The hiring of the right divine section, to select a ruler of their own, is so much dead wood and weight removed from theCountof Paris. But the latter cannot longer maintain his Conrad silence on the political future; he must sign some programme, round which his friends can rally-or disappear. By sending the Due de Chartresto Toulon and Marseilles, the Orleanists have made a little capital out of the cholera. But neither Prince Victor nor his papa have visited the pest centres, nor contributed a ones to the sick funds. The cholera has not yet arrived-officially, in Paris. The scourge appears to be flirting with the capital. Nowhere does it march, happily, in seven league boots. The papers teem with information of the plague, but, strange to say, no one talks about it. People meet, criticise the weather as ever, alludeto the sea-side, joke over setting up a new Emperor in China, etc., but not an allusion is ever made to the wolf at the gate. That unknown, intimidates. Have you remarked at the theatre, when any piece-Sardoris Mlaine for example, has allusions to epidemics or pests, how the audience feels squeamish and put about? They inwardly seem to say, after all, "supposing we caught it!" As if conversation was infectious. However, people cannot be too guarded, when a jour. nal recommends telegraphic despatches from Toulon to be fumigated, and Spanish custom house officers disinfect imported chloride of lime. Nothing can assure the timid, as no. thing can intimidate the intrepid. So long as no well-known individual is carried off, society will not go into hysterica. The papers urge us to be gay; keep up spirits, enjoy round dances, and burn tar barrels. The best fun is the disarray of medical opi. nion. Dr. Koch avows the cholera will make the tour of Europe; Dr. Faurel, that it will be limited to Toulon and Marseilles although it has already overrun Provence; Dr. Gurin affirms it is not infectious, Asiatic or Sporadic, but the consequence of an out break of diarrhma among babies; while the whole matter has been capped by Drs. Paul, Bert, and Clemenceau, demanding a Parlia. mentary inquiry to discover all about the plague, and that the Chamber, to its credit, rejected. At Toulon the most elementary principles of sanitary precautions are neglected, some sick have been abandoned and the dead left a long time unburied, the filth in the streets is not removed, the dejections of the de ceased, not disinfected, nor the bedding. Some invalids positively refuse to receive the doctors, and simply view them as under. takers. At Arles, the Mayor and corpora. tion have bolted to escape the contagion; the bakers have shut up shop and decamped also, so soldiers have to make the bread. At Marseilles, quite a plague of thieves has set in to prey on tihe social disorganisation. As the prisons are reported to bethe healthi. est institutions, perhaps this may explain why there are so many graduates for admis. sion' Australians will be glad to hear and Eng. land also, that the Recidiviste Bill may pos sibly be "forgotten" in committee by the Senate. Australia has to thank her own efforts thus far But let her not be lulled into any false suspense by the supineness of England, or the inaction of France. She must keep up and make all her moves through the Colonial office ; the reciliriete question is too palpitating in France, and it must receive a solution, the mass of horrible scoundrelism is poisoning the country, and the government has a terrible task before it, because they well know all schemes of reformation are hopeless. The criminal has become such mostly thrpugh idleness, and he scorns the very idea of'becoming reformed; outcast he is prepared to live-and die. But he will not work, he will not accept moral teachings, he must he fed, he cannot be de. stroyed. Confine him as a savage, he ac ccpts the conditions, give him the chance to escape, he will seize it, to livethesavage till the close. I have been examining the parliamentary estimates, presented to the Chambers for the grants to the penal settlements of Guayane and New Caledonia for the current year. One sad moral Ia to be drawn therefrom, the absence of serious efforts, because viened as hopeless, to achieve the refonnation of convicts, by either instruction or colonisation rewards. The very germs of amelioration are blated in a French forgat. The following is the sim. mary of details in francs: Guayne. New lalaedela. Cost of personnel ...1,732,271 4,242,149 ,,.matiriel ... 280,600 1,13826 Direction and remand. moent ;.. ... 74,688 107,314 Administratiou ... 1173,900 30,890 Religious service ... 14,200 18,952 Instruction .. ... 1,600 28,000 Police surveillance ... 212.616 822,524 Colonisation ... 78,275 6,2 Hospitals ... ... 305,000 560,000 Food .. .... ... 688,093 2,107,848 In Gnnayanethere are 68 officers, 187 agents, and 3,500 convicts. In New Caledoma the figures are respectively, 130 ; 559 ; 9,660. The latter includes 9,250 men, 50 Arabs, 60 single women, andi 200 convicts' wives. The cost of a convict's support at Guayane per day is 75, and at New Caledonia 70 centimecs ; when in hospital, the figures are respectively 3 francs 50 centimes, 2 francs80 centimes. In the case of Guayane, theschool staff is represented by two nuns; in New Caledonia, by a staffof ten, moiety lay and moiety religious, of which a total of four males. Guayane. New Caledonia. Director, or Governor's salary ... 12,000 14,000 Comm.andant's salarv ... 9,000 6,000 Chaplain's salary 3,000 3,000 Clerks' salary ...2,500 to 7,000 2,500 to 7,000 I)ctors' salary ... ,000 6,000 Teachers' salary ... 800 800 to 4,000 It is discreditable to France to only allow the Governor of New Caledonia the paltry salary (with lodging allowance) of £560 a year. England pays the Governor of Labnan, and of the Rabbit Island of Heligoland £800 a year, the Governor of Bermuda has £2,918, of Fiji £1,000, of British Guiana £5,000, of the Falkland Islands £1,000, and of St. Helena £900. At Guayane the hospital grant is nearly as heavy as at New Cale. donia. though the latter has three times more convicts. The reformatoryagencies at work can be measured by the grants under the heads of "Instructioun," and "colonization." The vicars of the churches were hitherto aupposed to alone have the right to order tho ringing of the joy bells. The local mayor has now that privilege, so when the budget committee cuts lorvn the allowance of the bishops, the church bells can ring out a merry peal, if the mayor be a freethinklcer. One vicar has cut the bell ropes to prevent such scanldals. Since divorce has becomea the losaw of the land, matrimonial agencies announce the" have a department specially charged to look after divorce business. Tile Chrystal Palace Co. has chlanged its site from St. Cloud to Neuilly. so as to com lI the Exhibition of ISS9 to treat with them. Tlhey boast to have the necessary funds. 