THE MISSION CHURCH OF ST. ANACLITUS.. PETERSBUHG. Seeds?, Kovembt-r 23, was a day of pir ticul&r; iutercet to the Catholic portion of ths community of Petersburg. Uutil lately no church existed except the mission station or orator; at the presbytery, in which t'ca faithful might assist at tbe offices cf the church. But very recently a building was purchased from the Wesleyans, and adapted to the solemn Bfrvicc ot tho Catholic Church. Various alterations and additions were effected, the principal being the extension of the wettern gable by the addition of a, chancel of pentagonal thape, nicely finished with a cornice- coved ceiling, and divided from the main building by an elliptic arch and a neat communion rail. The altar, too, has been chastely designed, and the windows are of colored glass. A bell and t-ro crosses, together with Gothic ventilators and a porch, adorn the exterior. His Lordship (the Kight Rev. C. A. Rejnolds, D.D..) arrived by train on Saturday sfterncoo, accompanied by the Rev. Father O'Brien, and was met at the nation by th6 pastor of the district, tae Rev. Father Nor toe, and the Rev. Father Kieitnl, of Jamestcwa. Oa Sunday the ceremony of opening blessing and dedicating the new mission [church of St. Anaelitus, Petersburg, was solemnly performed by his k'rdphip in the presence of a great crowd o£ people assembled frcm all pirt o£ the dis irict. Tbe rite w&s; a very impressive one con listing of various pr&jers;, invocations and ptattiiS feclctDDly intoned by the bishop and clcrpy whilst they walked in procession round the buildicpt sprinkling the walls and founda- tioGB with culy water, aud concluding with the recital of the Litany of the Saints at the altar, and dedicating the church henceforth for the celebration of the divine mysteries in honor of St. Anaelitus, the third Pope and inertyr. Holy Mass was then celebrated by the Rev. Father O'Brien. Aftor the cosi rnunion the bishop preached the dedication bcrrcon from II, Paralipomenon, chap. vil.. verses 12, 15, 1G — ' And the Lord appeared to Solomon by night and sMd — I have heard tby prayer, and I have chosen this place to myself for a house of sacrifice,' &c.; His lordship remarked that this was a day of peculiar joy to the Catholic Church, inasmch as they were celebrating the dedication of a temple to His name. He drew a striking contrast between Solomon's t( cple of old and its solemn setting apart as a ienze- cf sacrifice on the one hand, and the crriictu'on of a Christian Catholic Cnurch cc the other. He shoved how the one was but & mere shadow or type whilst the mbfr was the reality, the one ;hopsd for, tht real presence of the Redeemer to come, ?a Lilt t tbe other rejoiced in thti real substan tial pottefision of Hie true body and blood, e&ci; jficrd daily upon its altars. His lordship then proved from various types and figures of the Old Testament, from the prophecy ot MaiectJ, and from the institution by Christ on the night of His last supper, tho reality and divine origin of the holy sacrifice of tho Mass that sacrifice, which made sacred every Catholic fane, however humble it might bs, scd raised it far above the splendor aud Krsndcur cf the ancient Temple of Solomon. His lordship therefore said it was a festival of rejoicing for the church in Petersburg, because in future the Holy Mass would be tffcred in that temple, and on that altar, dedicated in honor of St Anaclitus, who was the third of the illustrious line of pontiffs who ruled tbe Church of God. Ha referred to the altar found in the catacombs at Rome, built over the bones of tho niBrtjrs. At the conclusion of his dis course be made an appeal in aid of the build ing fund, which was generously responded to, the sum of SSi being subscribed ia cash and promises. The choir sang Webb's ' Mas3 in G,' during the service, assisted by Mr. and Mis. Milner, ot Jamestown. In the evening at 7 o'clock the building was again crowded to excess, when the Rosary was recited, after which his lordship preached from the epistle of the day, Col. L, 14—' In whom we have redemption through His blood, the remission of sins.' He said that in the Catholic Church there existed the power of forgiving sins, and that the sacrament of confession, as practised in her alone, was of divine institution, ani that it was another proof ot the spaadeur and supeiioritj of the Christian Catholic temple over that of the Jews. From many places of the Old and the New Testament*, putictlarly from the words of Christ— 'Re- ceive ye the Holy Ghost ; whose sins you thall forgive they are forgiven them, and whose sins you shall retain they are re tained,' his lordship showed its institu tion as tbe only remedy for the remission of sin perpetrated after baptism, and con cluded by fervently exhorting his bearers to seek it and practise it in the manner designed by God. The biihop was moat earnest and effective throughout his morning and evening discourses, and was listened to with anxious and unwearied attention both by his o«ra faithful ones and by numerous Protestant*, who seemed thoroughly impressed with the ceremonies of the entire day, and particularly with tbe earnest and interesting sermons of tbe bishop. Benediction ot the Most Holy Sacrament terminated the day's proceedings, which must have been consoling to the bishop, pastor, and people of Petersburg. 