BRITISH ANI* FORK ION" BIBLE SOCnCTV. ANNUAL MEET TNG The annual meeting of the Moonta Branch of the British and Foreiga Bible Society was held in the Institute Hall on Monday night. The Rev. J S WAYLANB, the president, took tke chair,and introduced the business and the deputation from England, in a very appropriate speech. The REV. E. WHJRED ROBINSON, appointed as a deputation by the parent society to visit tfee colonies, gave an interesting address of a chatty nature, relating several instances of the rise and progress of the society. In opening his speech he moved a formal motion for the adoption of the report &c.; and in doing so endorsed same remarks which had been made by the chairman, as to the divine blessing being according "to faith. That nothing was impossible with our Redeemer to whom all power in heaven and earth had been given, and if christians were able to realise this, they would obtain greater blessings He was glad to see the work was growing in Moonta. Last yea* 1 he was informed there were only about twenty persons present, hut there were then present four times that number, and he hoped if he came next year to meet a much larger audience. As christians they had not the slightest cause for alarm from the opponents of the bible. It had been beset on all sides by enemies, and the conflict between the bible and science had frequently been referred to. But there was not one solitary scrap of variance between the bible and science' in real facts. Men drew conclusions aud thought they were facts. Science of itself is in accordance with the bible, and there was more harmony than among infidel writers. If you read the infidel work, you will find a score of schools each advancing different reasons, and the one opposing the other. Many of these schools were dead and gone but their ghosts lived. While these writers lived and died and were forgotten the Word of the Lord end'iret.h for ever. Not one of the opponents of the bible had left behind him any thing for g^od in place of the bible he would destroy. But the seeking soul can find all he wants in the bible as regards h»s salvation. The cli old story will prove sufficient for his need now as it ever has be^n. Reference to the work of Colporteurs was made, and to the women's w ork in the streets and lanes of the cities in England. It was stated that the first work of the bihle women was to sell the bibles and testaments, but where the people were too poor to purchase, they had authority to give the copies to them An incident was related o? an old woman literally forcing a new testament on a sailor, who afierwards returned to England and found out the eecretary and thanked him for the work of the society, and the bihle women in particular, and emptied his pockets of a good store of Mexican dollars as a donation to the society's funds. The Holy Spirit was always present when the book was read, and had been with the poor sailor in his readings. The state of a lady in New York who on her death bed had heard the bible read for the first time was told in touching terms, and her dying exclamation that she wished she had heard it before was emphasised. The speaker asserted that some of the greatest thinkers the world had known were christian men, and instanced the last hours of Sir Walter Scott wherein he deslared the only book for a dying in»n was the bible Charles Dwwin before the Royal Society said, " I look upon the world and the South Sea Islands in particular, and regard the bible in the hand cf the missionary as the wand in the hand of the enchanter." Consuls in foreign countries had attributed to the bible a large increase in social morality wherever it went. The privileges we enjoy now, were owing tthe privileges of the bible, and they could say to the free thinkers and others who opposed it. "Show us any system of yours that will stand the test of 50 years then we will begin to consider it. Two of the prominent opponents of the bible, Herbert Spencer and another, whose name was not mentioned, were at daggers drawn with each other and held entirely different vie*vs But who to day were the salt of the earth who were doing most for the goid of mankind? The answer must be the men who believe in the bible. In order to supply bibles to those who could not obtain thera the initiatory proceedings of the Bihle Society, and the story of the Welsh minister who gave his bible to Mary Tones who walked 28 miles each way to obtain a copy was here related, also the support which was given to the sale of bibles, one little island giving £594. Then John Bull was moved and subscribed largely and in ten years from the commencement of the Society the income was £100.000 a 0 vear, and it had gone on increasing until fast year the total income was £203,000 one thousand of which was given by South Australia. 4s a rule the bible was not sold below cost price but there were three editions printed especially for those who could not afford the more expensive ones. The bibles for the blind were then referred to as being printed in various languages, which was a great help to the missionaries in their work. It had been said by some that men were the worse for reading the bible, but he had never seen any man who was the worse for reading his bible. He had seen many men the better for such reading, but never met a case where a man could lionestlv s<*y bible reading had injured him. An experience of Mr Ridley among the Afghans, was related as showing the want of the bible among tnat people and of Mr Ridley's desire to return and prepare a translation in their language. When the rev. gentleman concluded his address, which was remarkable for its free and easy style, and the absence of Bible Society statistic, he was greeted with considerable applause, Mr. SOLOMON JEWEL, seconded the proposition, which was carried pro forma. The RR*. T. MCNEIL moved a voce of thanks to the collectors and officers for the past year and that the folio tying act for the coming year President, Rev. J. S. Waylaud : vice president, Rev. C. Lane ; secretary, Rev J. McNeil ; treasurer, Mr. J. W. Hughes ; committee, Messrs Corpe, Beaglehole, S. Jewell, H. Martin, E Whitford, J- Harry, A. Grumnret, and D. Archibald. Mr. E. WHITFOBD. seconded the resolution which was carried £ unani moualy. The financial report stated that £16 7s it 1 had b^encollected by the collectors. All Saints Church collection €1 15s lOd which with a balance £1 Si 61 from last year made £19 6s 7d. At the depository 170 bibles and 70 testaments have been sold. Daring the meeting several appropriate hymns were sting M»s3 Bennefc kindly presiding at the piano. A collection was made resulting in a gain of £2 2s to the society. The Moonta Mines branch of th British and Foreign Bihle Society held their annual meeting last Tuesday evening in the Primitive Methodist Church. Mr W B Clark occuiied the chair and gave one of his warmhearted speeches in favour of the cause. From the secretary's report, we gathered fair success had attendftd the efforts of the branch during the year; a free donation of about £20 being etpected to be transmitted to the South Australian Auxiliary. The Rev C W Robinson the ag*»nt of the society, gave an able and interesting address, showing the grand work the society was engaged in. and encouraging all to. labor on in such a good cause. The Revs Lane and Goodwin also spoke shortly, aud altogether a very pleasant and profitable annual gathering was held. The old committee and officers were complimented on their past year's efforts aud with the exception of the secretary, who contemplated resigning of his office, were reelected . 