. O.0TES' OF. AND.O.N.. (BY SnAuoroAInN.) Travellers to the West Coast during the past twelve months will doubtless remeur ber'tlhe 18 mile ;halting .place. with .its hostelry of palings-kept by a Crusoo-like landlord of unsociable aspect--where one notdisposed to? b captiously critical could change his dripping clothes, enjoy a. solid meal, and stow away for the .night il .one of the rustic "Dunn's Adelaide" stretcher) wherewith the house is, amply furnished, and by one night's indulkenco in lucullean fare and sybaritic repose fortify himself for the succeeding day's march. Well, the aforesaid caravanserai, albeit, somewhat altered by the plugging up" of sundry doors,and the perforation of others, isthere yet, and there also I found myself about sundown on the day on whiqh I left the Castra. 'Visitors are infdrmidd by a some what ambitiouslr :designed'p oster. that " Sugar bare is sold lare,", as also that the establishment was a " G'ndalshon':ouss." Now, in consequence of depressed times 'aid' decrease' in traffic 'the boarding branch has been discontinued, but to com pensate it is notified that a" store is kept and boiling water is always on hand." A roaring fire, a billy of tea, and a chat with the landlord (when he will talk) are not to be despised, and for those the traveller is indebted to the philanthropic mine host of the 18 mile " Lust in Rust." May his shadow increase when he boards abroad. Throbigh the two- niile forest, usually a muddy terror, now sunbaked into a mam moth rasp, out on to the long plain plateau ita clear sunny morning, a springy turf carpeted with button grass and variegated with Banera bloom, the invigorating saline breeze sweeping across the ,open expanse from tlhe Pacific and aroueid the panoramic view of wooded ranges and granite sierras, make one feel glad he is alive and awaken the sentiment half-pancakedto deatl by tie incubus of a West Coast swagi Midway on the open; between the 18-mile and the Banera hut, the track rounds the head of the creek,which, half-a-mile downwards in thil thick timber,receives the tributary streams; Smith's, Gray'e, Riley's and Townsend's gullies, long since gutted and now aban doned to tle regulationi fossicker, who, loves to linger where the metal has been "got rich" and muse over the departed glory which the moss and slime are fast coating with the universal tint. A skele ton shanty still remains with its weather beaten remnants of calico, sods, and, sap lings, which erstwhile supplies' the diggers of the locality with the "umeans whereby they lived," or at least the necessaries without the luxuries: of bush existence. Here one misses the pile of " dead marines,"wlich are thel invariable evidences of past mining property. Trollope has said that few sights are more calculated to depress the feelings of the 'onlooker than the appearance of a deserted goldfield. Stumps with the kindly second growlth of sprouts to hide the broken pillar of whiloms umbrageous. greatness, disused foot paths faint and moss-grown, skele ton camps, shrivelled ash heaps, mounds of headings, heaps of tail ings and caved shafts, whose gaping edges the grass and ferns strive treacherously to conceal. Certainly, these sights, coupled with the remembrance of the "great ex pectations" and big reports which once excited the popular mind until the mineral wealth of Tasmania and Bendigo the second were the twin topics of mining Mficawbers, incite one to become lugu briously reflective. Wherever alluvial gold has been the industrial product, from Tuapeka to the Turon,from Bendigo to the Barren, suel sights in a more or less modi fied degree attest the important nature of settlement wanting the retaining influences of rock mining or the still stronger settle ment force of good pastoral or, agricultural land. About four miles N. the gullies in ) the vicinity of Specimen Reef have followed in the wake of the Long Plain I Bonanza, and little is now heard of the "jeweler's shop" which, a twelvemontlh since, excited the usually placid pulse of Waratah to high fever rate, when pro- 1 moters fetclhed' £600,.which a few weeks 1 previously could be had for six sans ciphers. Such is speculation. Where be the' "Lucky Hits" E. and W, N. and S. Speci men's Extendeds and 'Block Extendeds, 1 which brought grist to the Government mill and chaff to a discriminating public ' I Not even the ghost of a Phaenix from the combined ashes of the lot until the san guine stickers to tihe principal claim once more dream of dividends when the lower tunnel "gets it" at a depth: Thelio Banera hut at thei Corinna end of Long, Plain is now the commeucement of a capital gravel walk, which one slips over with a pleasure, enhanced by the memory t of the past, until Brown's Creek is crossed, t and the road lies across the open stretch of Brown's Plain. Passing tie Chisamasi's grave, and wondering that John's relics have not been carried back to the Flowery Land by his resurrecting compatriots, the road crosses Walter's Gully, where the track diverges to Rocky River, thence by an old camping place, where a tunnel has been put into the adjacent hill, through a t superstratum of " made ground" of con siderable depth. Two years since Messrs. t Harvey and Lambie, who prospected here, informed, me tihat they had obtained strag gling specks of rough 'gold in the tunnel as the work proceeded; but here work has been postponed sine die. Downwards for seven miles, over a continuous but gentle gradient, and lo ! the Pieman heaves in sight through the long vista cleared' for the tolegraph wire. Truly a noble river, full of scenic beauties ! This sequestered' sylvan stream gives one the idea of un soundable depth; its s'mooth surface bor dered by densely wooded heights, every detail from the smallest contour to the mdst delicate gradation of colour, sepro duced on the'dull brown transparency of its bosom. For the components of a sylvan pictre, whlat is wanted but wood and vater, hill and valley, light and shadoe ? And lhere tihe limner who loves tle poetry of hIis art could find these in profusion. But tlhis lovely river, like Milton's Severn, : G"Guiltyof IMaidenou's death," is not without its sad associations. Two years 'since 'Scdgeman and MT'Gill, diggers, who were returning from the Government store,, capsized their boat,. and, weighted with.. heavy winter clothing, sank like stones, and were not seen alive again. And several years ago Christian (a grandson of himn of the "Bounty"), a darieg swimmer, lost his life in the surf at tle bar, and how occupies a sandy'grave at the North Head. On the occasion of my last visit thle only habitations were the Govern nitut store, and highly ventilated hut for the accommodation of "casuals; " tlen 'a sapling staff, whereto floated a disreputable looking undersized Uiion Jack, deiotaed the" salvation of the Pieman" by Govern ment aid, and here the Governmenit store keeper ivas ?vont to issue from his smoky lair to greet thie "just arrival," induct him to thie outlouse aforesaid, acquaintloim of theotrade taiiff, and dive into his den until requisitioned'at the Weights and measures. Since then Government has sold out, anrid progress has asserted itself by tihe re juvenation of the, Governmont House by the erection of. substantial post and toelegraph offices, and by the establishment of Mr. Job Savage's on the north and MIr. Foster's hotels on tile southb so that now tlhere is Thomas-street, Batliorrstreet, Moore-street, and Scott-street, besides the clhurlch aqd school reserves and tlhe Esplanade, and, indeed, all tie require ments of a Tasmanian " Eden," v ithout,. hoirever, its febrilo adjuncts of miasma and' mud. Whore theo ranges do not come shcerdown'to the water's edge tlore is a limited-selvage of "bottom" land, in whlich turnip, cabbage, and .tomato seem to thrive, but tile stiong point of the Pieman is notagriculture. Pine and blackwood is still being cut on the river banks, but tie pick of thle 'tinmber hlas' beeoon taken away years ago. The ,payable gullies within seven or oight miles of the river frontago lavo.all been gutted and "fossicked," and now tihe mining population, whlich never amounted to more than 70 or 80 men, ihas drindled to less than a fourtl?h of that number. By tlihe way, the nomonclator of thlse Corinn, gold workings seems to have lad a "etiong we'okness 'for the fair sex. Heore are tle Lucy, the Alice, and Bolinda, besidosth'i Nancy; th6 Paradise, and True 'Lovgr's C.R. To thie last " hangs a tale." It is said tlhat tie discon-er, at the soli ditatibns '(bf hIis inamdrata, during a boriting trip, revealed to her thle spot wihere he was "getting it," and of course it'remaincd a secret after that. MIessrs. P. Harvey and H. Middleton, both well known West-Coasters, are now engaged on a rather- extensive piece of work, no less tbhan cuttiRng a race of 21 miles in length, to. convoy, the water of.-M'Caveston's Creek, so as to command the worked gullies adjacent to the river.- Such pluck merits success; may they meet with it " gal6re." The muffled roar of the 'surf can be heard at. Corinna when the awind blows up stream, and here also at times a long.. billowy swell on the smooth'lrivei denotes'a bar of more than ordinary rough ness. Four miles below ?the township is the well-known Hell's Gates, where the river has ctit its .way thlrough the Donald son Range, and it would be hard to picture a scene of gloomier grandeur. Sheooefrom the waters margin, which here is of untold depth, the'scrub-clad ranges rise to nearly 1000ft., dull green foliage coating the rocks, which are scored With deep. ravines 'in successive steps; each-sends its tributary cataract tumbling into . the river, .add makes the only sound fit to harmonise with this uniquely romantic spot. ,.Query--Will ' Corinna" be' the "original and 'only" name of this river ? On some maps it is called the Retreat; on others the Pieman, and lastly by.its aboriginal "loveofaname." Below the Donaldson'j unction is thi moss covered framework of. a small vessel; sBaid to be the work of Macquarie. escapees in the "good (?) old times." Mfore probably it was the nautical Babel of some pining party. But a river like this, without its lurlines and naiads, . should at least have' a bonatfile legend besides that which gives the river's discovery to " Jimmy the Pie man.s" 