' HERE ARE SOME PHOTOGRAPHS.' *' Ob yes,' 1 said, ' 1 always enjoyed looking at photographs. Photographs and autographs I just doted on. I bad myself a large collec mostly locaL to which I was daily adding. paydayiy, that was.' ?^hft was a (serious sort of a woman, Mrs. Squaretop, and never smiled at any feeble joke as she handed me the album to look over until her husband came in from the field. 1 had jnrt engaged summer board. I am a man accustomed to family photo I have sat op with them from Halifax to Pa and ma, and that's grandpa, and that's grandma, and here's Uncle George, and this is an aunt of pa's, she's very wealthy and baa no children, and pa is her favourite nephew ; and this iB a young lady I went to school with, and this is Brother Henry, and this is Cousin Sue, and this is Aunt Hattie's baby, and t.hia is a young man Henry went to school with, and — do you know who tins is ? Ah, you, now I Kickapoo, and -this is— oh, my son, you can't strand me on photograph albums. I know just where the family ends and the strangers tile in. So I praised everybody's ugly, fiat, expres sionless, staring stupid mug in Mrs. Square top's album, and I bit everything all right on the first and second quarter, and was coming along splendidly and drew up on the strangers just about in sight of the distance pole, and I usually feel a little tired then, and rest my self on the strangers. ' And who,'' I said airily, ' is the placid old female who had her face ironed out while it was soft *' 41 That was Mr. Squaretop's mother,' Mrs. Squaretop said, half srni'l''|;, and I felt elated. Evidently the old lady web, not ao placid as she looked. ?' An old ' Before taking,' ' I said, ' this forlorn old ghost just disappearing into his shady collar!' That was Mrs. Squaretop's great uncle, a a grand old man, one of the signers of the Declaration of Independence. That is he would have signed it, she exclained, only the soliciting committee got all the signatures they wanted, just before they got to him, I had struck a snag, but not a bad one. The uncle was oat of place, anyhow. He ought to be run down, I laughed and said : ' This old boy who has just been blown up in a powder mill— did his friends know that he contemplated this photograph ?' This was her father's cousin, who was very dear to her. It has always been considered by good judges an excellent picture. She said it, again, and left out the good and placed the pfTipna-HiH on plain, unadorned judges Somehow I wished she wouldn't. I next found a ** pirate stricken with re morse,', which proved to be her half brother, whom she loved more dearly than any of her own brothers, and then I tried to even up by praising the angelic face on the opposite page. Ah, there was a face for a man to love ! there was a countenance to shine in a man's home and his heart like sunlight — ah ha ! It was Mr. Squaretop's first wife. Then I went at it again and tried to check the falling thermometer by saying that the impecile with the curly hair would look less like an ass if he had simply had his hat photographed, as that was evidently what he aad borrowed that silk tile for, but as the impecile was Mrs. Squaretop's dearest cousin, it was a failure, and I settled down for a final effort on ' the squab with the snub nose,' and wondered if he Hail as many brains as he hfld buttons and freckles, adding that it was marvellous how awfully black red hair always took mat photograph. It was Mrs Squaretop's eldest son, now a West point, and I was greatly relieved by the opportune entrace of Mr. Sonaretop, senr., at thai moment. He bowed, and I waited for an introduction. I got it. *: This was Mr. — ah — ' she said. ' Featheriy,' I said, bowing. 'Leatfaerhead,' she accepted sweetly, ' he came to look at the rooms in the south wing, but I think they will hardly suit him. They are scarcely airy enough.' I didn't want them to think I was running away or was frightened, and eo I sauntered down the road after I said good-bye with slow motions but taking awful strides. So I wasn't 500 hundred yards down the road before Mr. Squaretop emerged over the orchard fence call ing on me to stop a minute. He might as well have asked me to stop a whole week A man f]n,4 jo the habiliments of the plough boys is not arrayed for a foot race, and before I was SnifcA ftcrosSjtiie country line he had given up be chase. I still retain unimpaired my excellent voice for photograph albums but I have no patience with people who scatter their relatives all the way through thpm. What shall it profit a visitor if he wade safely and gracefully through twenty-nine pages, and then founder in a hundred and thirty fathoms on & first 