The Alarm of Poison. Kemble, in the zenith of his fame, played Hamlet 'at Newcastle, when BonBlcy, who was the leading actor of that company, bad ' the honor to be cast for the Ghost. Kemble's high popularity made him, of course, a vast attraction in a country theatre ; and Bensley was much annoyed at having to second the greafmcBS of such an artist. Accordingly, he studied the part of the Ghost, having got but short notice, in great tribulation, almost up to the hour of performance ; amazingly tormented by an apprehension that the affair would, in some way or other, injure his repu tation. When the time came for dressing; Bensley 's fears were not abated. Ho put on the Ghost's leather nrmour, which fitted him horribly ; swearing by turns at the Ghost, the armour, and the manager; and nil the while, at intervals, repeating frag ments from his part, as to his accuracy oven in. the text of which he was by no means entirely satisfied. At length the curtain rang up, and it .occurred to Bensley that a moderate draught, token in time, might give him firmness ; and thereupon— still repeating his part at in tervals— he summoned the call-boy to hi aid.' "Boy" (calling), "moTt me !'!v (fer peatlng) " if ever thou- did'st thy dear father love " (this was out of the character.) "I dm not in the habit of taking strong liquors on nights when I perform ; but, prithee, go to the public-house at next door, and get me a glass of brandy and water." When tho brandy and water came, the first scene of the play going on all this while, Bensley, who had still tho book in his hand studying, drank it off at a single draught : but, as he set the empty' gloss down, to his surprise, and father indignation, he perceived a strong red sediment lying at the bottom of it. Bensley was not a man to be trifled with. ' He immediately sent the glass back to " The Crown," from whence it came, desir ing moreover to know what the ' landlord meant by offering him so filthy a potation. Within the next minute he was called to go npon the stage ; and still grumbling, about the liqhor and the . character, he walked downstairs, and made his entry as the buried Majesty of Denmark; but no sooner had John Kemble, with "Angels and ministers of gracej defend usl" started on one side,, than his eye caught the landlady of ," The Crown " 1 in the wings on the other, wringing her hands, and throwing her person into dreadful distortions, and calling on him for heaven's sake to come off. Bensley made up his mind that the woman, as well as all the rest of the world, was frantic ; and went on with his part as well as he could, it being in that scene only dumb, show ; beckoning and signing to Hamlet very, solemnly with his truncheon, and looking cannon-balls the other way 'at the landlady, who was so vociferous as to be heard: almost at the back of the gallery. ' . \\\ At length the time of exit came. " Madam, what is the matter with you J" " The matter I— Ob, Mr. Bensley .!— Oh, forgive me-i-on my knees— miserable sinn'cr that I gm." " Why, what in the name of the fiend ails tho woman ?— get up." ' " The glass— the brandy and water— the glass— red arsenic— Oh, sir, you are poi soned I" ' " Poisoned 1" " Oh, yes— bh, forgive me. I— My eldest daughter sot the glass on the shelf, with red arsenic for the rats ; T mixed it in the dusk, —there was no candle- — oh, on my' knees 1" As the written part dropped from Bens- ley's hand,' tlifc scene had Shifted, and Kemble added himself to the party. ' ' ' ' " Comtj'Bcnsley; the stage is waiting." " Sir, I eail't help that ; - I'm poisoned."- "Oh,1 pbisoned 1 — -Nonsense — tlie people, my doar sir, are hissing in the pet." . . " Sir, I— -what can I do?— I toll you I'm poisoned— I'm in tho agonies of death." " Woli, but, my dear Mr. Bensley, if you arc poisoned, :yoii can' play -this; ono:spooo; What are we to do ? And,- in the end, Mr.- i"' ' v Kemble, who did not know well what it all meant, absolutely hurried Bensley on the stage, and they began the scene together, Bensley playing tho Ghost under the full conviction that, in five minutes, he should ho a ghost in earnest. The piny, under these auspicious circumstances, proceeds : Hamlet: " Whither wilt thou lead me ? Speak, I'll go no farther." Ghost : " Mark me 1 — (aside — I believe I shan't be nblo to go much farther)." Hamlet: "Alas! poor ghost." Ghost : I am thy father's spirit." — (A- s'ldc — " Oh, that terrible brandy and water 1 I nm dying.") Hamlet: . (Aside.) — "Nonsense — stay a little — you'll descend directly." Ghost: (Aside) — "I can't go on." Hamlet: (Aside) — "Then you'd hotter go off. I'll apologise." Mr. Kemble then. comes forward, and tells the house that Mr. Bensl ey is suddenly in-, disposed.- In' the meantime n surgeon has' boon sent for, who .examines the poisonous glass, and declares that whatever it con tains, it is innocent of arsenic. In the end, the call-boy is again produced, when it turns ..out thatitho.peccant.,v.esscl.was..not the landlady's of the Crown at nil, but that the messenger had himself "carried a glnss for the brandy and water with him from the .theatre, .and had, moreover, nccidently taken that which contained the rose-ping, mixed to -make "bipod " for the murderers in the ensuing pantomime. II Mil s : m n i i<i_ii.i.. i . i . . ALARMED. 