PROVINCIAL SYNOD OF NEW SOUTH WALES. The Hooce of Diocesan Representatives le-asnem- Wed at the Chorch Society's Ho roc, Phillip-street, yesterday afternoon, a 4 o'clork, the Yen, Arch deacon Child presiding. . bt. paul's college. . Canon King aaked— " When w.ll the report ot the setect' committee appointed daring thcla-t Bas tion of the Provincial riynod, in reference to St. . Paul's College, be laid upon the table?" Canon HBY-WfARv replied that . there was no report to be laid upon the table by the committee ; " in fact, be believed that the committee h«d never , met, (Hear; hear.) He was, tiow-ver, happy to bo : able to say' tbat the college building was now in thoroughly good order,' tnd that, instead of there being only aiz or. seven students, nearly the whole of the accommodation available waa occupied, arid be believed tbat lh-fo,wM. n immediate prospzet' of the enlargement of premium, which woutd add materially to tho accommodation now at disposal for students. So, though tho wishes of th t Syn xl might stem lo have been technically ncgiczt-.d by the committee not having done its work, ho thought tbe Synod would admit its wishes had been sabstantl.lly furthered. The donation of some £500 or £CO0 more would now assure the proposed enlargement of the college premises. the constitutions. Tbe nonse ihoo proceeded to the 'Consideration cf the communication from tho House of iiishoua witu rclt-n not to Doterminatiou i - l th General Synod of 1681. Canon Selwyn thought this matter waso' so much importance thnl it behoved the II .use o be very corolnl what B'epa th-y txik with regard to it. He should like toaee the preaedtnt cit.b- lLtherl on previous occasions foiliwed, woco tbe House of Biabops courteously consented to cm-, to this House, ano held a conference with tnem. Ha thought that would conduce to a full. f»ir, ami satisfactory discussion of this very difficult ques tion, Trie difficulty waa not m the drawing up of the conatilution of the Provincial Synod, but how this Provincial Bynod could approach the subject at all, and what could possibly be the result of any discussion in this Synod on the matter.: The members of this Bynod were certainly not there as delegates from the dioceses to consider this ques tion ; tlicy had not the queition brongat b-forc them by reference from all the dioceses, aod t nerv al 1 they could do waa to discuss it. He tnought they might do that, and be moved "Thatihs Synod do now proceed to elect a committee for the purpose of holding a conference witn the House ol Bishops as requested by them, and that the fol:owlDg he the members of tbe committee : — Dean ol Hydncy, Canon King, Hon. Alex. Gordon, Canon Tyrrell, Cmion Selwyn, Mr A, J, Goul.t, Atchdcacon J'ownall, Canon Druitt, Mr C. S. Alexander, Arcbdcecon Grcenawuy, Archdeacon Iks-, Mr G. II, Cox, and Canon lienzen." Rev F D, bode seconded the resolution. _ Ho said it would be discourteous to their Lordship if this riousu did not try to accodo to their request, which, however, was certainly founded on an assumption that should hvc boon s-ltlcd before, viz., if the Bynod tbiughl it was desirable to 'draw up a constitution for too new Provincial Syn id, if a committee of this House met tho Upper House and determined a constitution, it would be brought down to this House, aud, at a subsequent period, this House could determine if tbey would pass uch a constitution or oot. Canon Kih'O said all were agreed that it was desirable to form a conatitntion for the new Pro vincial Synod. Ho submitted that Dat rrmuiation J of tho General Synod of 1881 involved the for mation of the province of New South Wales, and nlso ths acccptnnceof a determination on tbe part of tho Provincial Synod, as representatives of tho different Diocesan SynodB, to draw up a constitu tion. Hon. Charles Campbell hoped the members of the Synod would pausa before they entered en the course proposed. He should vote against the appoin'mcnt of the committee. Mr Suf.I'Herd Smith would not vote for the proposal if be uoderatood this House committed themselves to anything ; but. having listened at tentively to tbe reading of the request from the Bouno of Bishops, he did not think the npooinl- meet of the committee would commit this House at all, Mr Gould thought that this House were going beyond tbeir powers in appointing the com- niitUo, but he did not oppose tbe proposition, Mr W. J, Foster said that the Bishop of Syd ney himself had pointed out in hiB presidential address on tbe previous day that tha action of the committee appointed to coneidor tbls matter could not bavo aoy binding effect, tho meeting of the bishops aod tho delegates from th<e House being merely a kind of conference to consider the sub ject , somewhat irregularly. It waa a matter of courtesy for this Home to accede to the request to send the committee as desired by the House of Bishops. The motion waa then put and carried, Cnnon Bklwyn moved— " That tho subject of the revision of tbe Conntitutions be taken into consideration." Ho aatd ho moved this prop no tion under considerable difficulties, for the Synod had entered on a career that bristled ; with difficulties. They did not know what business they could do, or what bnBlnoss it was desirable to attempt to do until the metier, to consider which a commlttco had just becu appointed had been disposed of, it was impassible to eay what it wnv In the leaat, desirable for tho Provincial Synod to attempt to do further, aod therefore he moved — " That tho subject of tho revision of tho constitutions bo taken into consideration." There were many members of this synod probably to whom tbeir exact position was somewhat un known and difficult of apprehension. No one who had not been for many years familiarly conversant with tho working ot this eyrrofi could Lo expected to know what that, posi tion was, At tho present moment! this sy nr d had no work referred to them by all the diocces ; and it could not pass any ordinances on any matter whatever, unless, under tho cooBtitu- thins, it was referred to this synod by all tho dioceses. Those constitutions were so nbiolat'fiy nnworkabla tbat this synod had been meeting under them for the last 10 years or more, and yet it had ncvor dono one single piece of leginlatioo. This synod bad, of coutso, been the means indirectly of bringing' into operation one good Parliamentary statute, but only indirectly and actually against thi synod' own constitutions. This Bynod had to do considerable violence to their own constitu tions io bring about that one solitary rosult— t ie passing of the Trust Property Act. Tht synod's constitutions Blood in their way, were a hamper and n blot, and their absolute iropual must be obtained, and then this syn id could take out of them, and re-adopt, wh rtcvor their lengthened experience had taught them was good The constitutions were, us he had said, absolutely unwotkubie, and it was high time this synod should express a deliberate opinion that they ought to ho revised, (Hear, hear.) Hon, G. II, Cox seconded tho motion, lion. Charles Camfiiell said the speoch oi tho rnovur of the motion had been totdly directed ugaim-t law and iu favour of lawlessness He (Mr Campbell) did not think that the' cuurdt Canon Selwyn had propoed would ba acceptubh to the majority of the churchmen of the oniony He moved the previous question, ' Archdtnoon green aw ay supported theorigiaa motion. | Ci-non King supportod Ihe previous question for the simple reason that bo could not see when tho Provincial Hynod had failed in it fuuctiou (Hear, hear.) It a machine were mnde forjcortaii purposes, and no oooasion arose to use it for thusr purpose, was it right to say it was a bad machine And yet that was the position now being taken up This synod wasoalled into uxisteneo for tw 1 pur poses only, and had had no occasion to fulfil it, proi cr function, but had merely, whoa c riled to gather, taken ndvautago of ounlerrlng together 01 uiffeicnt matters. Rev. H, SIMM supported the original motion. Rev. W. J. K. Piddikgtox Bald th-ire could b no question as to the By nod going to Parliament ti obtain parliamentary sanction in matters th it re ferrcd to the management of property ; and he dir not understand that Canon tielwyu at all depro unruu a icirreucu to rue Jjegis ature in su in mat- teia. (Hear, hear,) But in regard to m.,tteis ecclesiastical and spiritual, of course, as churobmcn thoy took up the position that they were entitled to meet, and deliberate and legislate for themselves. (Hoar, hear.) Ho thought it would be admitted thnt tor the completion of their orgrnisation there must be a Provincial Bynod. If that were granted, it would also, he thought, be granted that there must bo consiitutionB for such Provincial Synod. (11a r, htar,) And if they were to have constitutions, turcly thry muBt make them, both theoretically and practically, a perfect a they couldj instead of, as tbey were now, In many ;rcipeois, defective and Inoperative ; and he ; thought the logical conclusion was thai they sho-iid a- once set to work to get rid of toe inoperative and Imperfect constitutions and substitute others for , them. If tbey found that tbe laws under wnich they were acting were inconvenient and obstruc- . tive, the only common-sense course ther could tike i wss to get tbemsi-lves relieved f>om those ; trammels, (Hear, bear.) Why shou.d they be acting nnder constitutions that ten dered their work 7 He thbnght the pre sent constitutions sbou'd be revised. The cniy thing that appeared to him at ail to militate against Canon Selwyn's proposal was this —that under Determination I. of tbe General Synod, It was proposed to form a new Provincial Synod, and steps were now being taken to confer with tbe House of Bishops, in order tbat a coos i- tntion of socb synod might be prepared, and perhaps it might be argued that that matter being In hand, this matter might .be deferred till that was decided. (Hear, bear.) Bnvin any case, he didn't think that the 1 rbour of revising the present constitutions would really be thrown aw«y, (Hear hear.) If they could eliminate such matters aa had been found imprac ticable, and make them as nearly perfect as pos sible, tbey would have something rea fy to band to : incorporate with enactments for the new Provin cial Bynod. (Hoar hear.) Hon, Alexander Gordon opposed Csnoh Selwyn's motion, &Dd; suggested its withdrawal. bir Shepherd Smith thought tbe meaning of Canon Selwyn's resolution was really this " Wo arc old enough, independent enougt, and big enough to manage our own affairs. We don't want to be controlled by the Church of Kogland in Sag- j land, or to rccogniso higher courts than : ourselves. (Hear, bear.) We want to get rid of the name 1 Church of England. ' (Hear, hoar.) We j want to be the' 'Anglican Church in Australia.' " ( (Hear, hear.) lie was now repeating only j wolds and expressions tbat bad been made j tue of in that room for many years past, and whilet he held in the very nature of the catc it must be tbo duty of the synods to review from time to tfme their constitutions, whilst he chafed at the inability of the church ia Australia to alter even the forms of bcr services in some respects, to get away from the detailed action of tbe Church of Kngland in England — snd be sup posed that it would be understood that very few men in this synod chafed moro than he did — whilst bo Bbculd be glad indeed to have what had been called " trammels " taken off this section oi tuc Church of England when ebc was old cnoogb, strong enough, and caotiouB enough to wrik with out the aieisinncc of the parent church, he was not y»t persuaded tbat the timo had arrived. He was pcisnadtd that Uie time would not arrive tor a gicat many years when it would bo sate to give to this young church the right to walk as a separate krai cb of the great catholic church throughout the woild. He waB afraid that the church in Australia woutd accomplish a progress in excess of what would be really good for the catholic chinch, and a progress which, under certain tides of inliucnco, lie church in Inturo generations in Australia would find deep causa to regret, (Hear, bear.) If tbe object of tbo resolution were simply to wipe awny the constitutions and to leave the syi.ods free to enact whatovor thoy pleased, without any check, then he thought lh«t, although they would he found willing to c.msidor the matter, it was well tbat tbey should he deter mined to eay " no " to it. But he said that if that wB one of the objecti — and from onu of the side observations ma«:e by Canon Selwyn he took that object to have been lucludkd — be should have pteferrcd very much that it should hive been stated ar.d mado really the principal reason whz the synod should consider the subject. If, as he euspected, there wa really in tbe heart of tho resolution a desire to sweep away the Church Act — in fact to get rid of all reetraiut— (hear, hear) — then he said that ought to havo been stated right out ; but, much as ha desired to see tho Church Act amtnded in many respects, ho said the time had not yet arrived when tbey dire go to tbe Parlisment and ark them to get rid of one of tha greatest friends the church ever had, (Hear, hear.) But be was willing to discuss the advis ability of that, if brought forward on its merit. He could not vote for tbe resolution simply upon tho statements tbat bad been mado with respect to the constitutions of tho Provincial Svnod. H 1 should have to record a vote on the question separately. If the resolution were withdrawn, as suggested by Mr Gordon, it might be brought forward in another form during this session. In its present form he wa bound to vote against it and in favour of tho previous question ; but, be would on some future occasion vote with O inoa Selwyn if ho brought forward a motion to amend tho constitutions bb they required amendment. (Hear, hear.) Canon Selwtn, in reply, denied that hi was revolutionary or lawless, as ho had iici-n accused of being. Ho was a great eticklor for law, and would never be found on the sid of those who wished to put aside all ancient prestige nnd authority. Ho could not agree with Mr tibephord Smith that tbo Church of England in Australia, in full union and communion with the Church of England In Eng land, and near tbo celebration of its centenary, was too young and too weak to walk aloee. The church in Australia could uot bo. and was not an integral part of tbe Church of England, who could not stretch forth her hand to Australia and govern churchmen here, (Mr Campbell : Sho does.) He denied that tbo Courch of England in England even attempted to govern churchmon hero. Anything tho Church of England in England did, churahmon here would well weigh, but — mark this I — they bad got to adoptit by voluntary act of their own before ihe law courts would suy it was binding uenn thorn. Of course the church here had to go to Parliament for power to deal with property; but in spiritual matters was it worthy of tbe church of the living God to go. for approval of what th< y did, to men who wore not, as a whole, a Christian body, and did not invoke tbo aid of the Holy Ghost to guido jthem in tbeir delibera tions. Ho agreed that his' motion waa not in such a shape that bo would wish tho Synod to come to any agreement upon it ; but his moving it had had the detiied-effect — it had provoked dieoussion which would eventually bear good fruit — rod ho now intonded, with the permission of tbe Synod, to withdraw it. (Applause). The motion was then withdrawn. OHUnOll OF england cemeteries, The following messavo was received from tbe House of Bishop : — " That iu the opinion of this Ilonte there is need for general legislation with regard to the Church of England ccrueterias in this colony, and they recommend the appointment of a , committee of both Houses to take such steps aa may seem to them uoceseary to promote such legis lation." cleroy's widows' and orphans' fund. Conor, Kino moved — " That it i most desirable that there ebould be in the province of New South Wnlei one common fund for the benefit o£ the I widowB nd orphans of the clergy, and that a Select Committee bo appointed to cooaitlerin what way this may be most effectually ao.JOtnplishtxl, Buch committee to consist of the following mem- \- hers:— Canon Sonre?, Canon Selwyn, Canon K;m- t mis, Hon. G. H. Cox, Archdeacon Boss, Mr R. Jones, Rev, W. J. K. Piddington, Canon Bentzou, ' and tho mover ; tho commitleo to report to the synod during the prtBent session, and Canon Kiug to be the convener sf tbe committee." ! Canon ' King dealt at considerable lougth on thejadvau- . tages he considered would accrue from the establishment of tho fund proposed, and on tbe necessity for this synod to ; tako immediate action in the matter, he said ' tbat tho successful establishment of a common faod for the benefit of tho widows and orphans ot J clergy in the province of Now South Wales might „ eventually be fallowed and merged into a:aimilr fund extending over tbo whole of the Australian ' oolcnies and Tasmania, (Hear, hear.) " Very Rev. Dean Marriott seconded the motion. He said this question was one ot tbe " moat pressing questions before the ohuicb at the present moment. After considerable discussion, in whioh some of the speakers questioned the practicability of the 8 proposed scheme, tho motion waB carried. J At 10 minutes to 11 p.m. tbe House adjourned till 4 o'clook thlB afternoon. 