Personal. Bismarck has shoved his son into the Civil Service. It strikes us Bizzy would make a good Australian patriot. The late Charles Beade lost a lot of money in bis theatrical speculations. It was a wonder he didn't lose his character also. King Alfonso is suffering from consump- tion. We were right, then, when we said Royalty wouldn't last much longer in Spain. Mrs. Giblin, wife of the recently deceased manager of the A.J.S. Bank, Sydney, is to bc granted an annuity of £250 a year. General Grant, now on the retired list, has been granted by the American Legislature the rank and full pay of a general of the army. William Bramwell Booth, son of General Booth, leader ot the Salvation Army, was fined in London, June 14, for not allowing his child to be vaccinated. The mantle of ignorance falls from father to son I The late distinguished English barrister, Judah P. Benjamin, destroyed every bit of material from which a biography could be written of lum. He was known to hold the opinion that the trea- suring np of old papers caused half the misery of life. Egyptian officials, high and low, are noted thieves. The trusted Governor of Kassala, au- thorised to take £6000 of a large sum of British money entrusted to him, neatly absorbed £16,000. And his explanation is that he didn't know the 'difference. Mr. Gladstone told one of his trustiest supporters the other day that he expects to be out of office before many weeks are out. Mr. Gladstone is apt to moke, not jokes, but reckless statements, as outcomes of his personal inclinations, in private as well as in public. Bass, the English millionaire brewer, recently deceased, is said to have " found the ole of England bad and left it good." Bass was the author of the enactment in force in England by power of which any householder could order an organ grinder out of hearing. The Duke of Albany had a presentiment of his death. Two days before he died he said he would like a military funeral, and added: "For two nights now Princess Alice has appeared to me in my dreams, and says she is quite happy, and that she wants me to come and join her. That's what makes me so thoughtful." Society in Melbourne is quite in a flutter over the arrival of Viscount Castlerosse, Aide-de camp to the Governor. He is the eldest son of Earl Kenmare, is handsome, and is just 34. There is at least 1000 women in Melbourne ready at the shortest notice to become a countess. From counter to countess is not such a big leap after all. It is quite certain that the Princess Alice was an atheist. Just before her death she wrote to Professor Strauss accepting the dedication to her- self of the Professor's lectures on Voltaire. Her words were :-" The value which I place on the dedication of your book will always be far greater than any little unpleasantness which might possibly arise from my accepting it.-ALICE." " There are many more eloquent speakers than Prince Bismarck," observes an English. journalist, " but none weightier or more full of matter. He always goes to the root of things. His policy may be as wrong as you please, bnt it is deep, comprehensive, consistent. His policy is to suppress political agitation on the one hand, and to satisfy material needs on the other. There can be no doubt of the sincerity of his gigantic efforts to grapple with misery and destitution." The Bishop of Liverpool, Dr. Kyle, thinks., that there is much that is rotten in the syátem of decorating churches, in useless ceremonies, and m thc reckless expense with which flowers are used at high festivals, and he wants to know what money is being spent for missions, and what work of the Holy Ghost is going oh. He fears that where the services are oil sung, and so much money is sf ent on the organ and choir, the people do not follow their prayer- books, nor toke part in the worship.. Lady Loch, wife of the new Governor of Victoria, is the twin sister of Lady Lytton, wife of the late Viceroy of India. A Sydney paper says she looks like an English lady. We wonder what else she would look like. They say Sir Henry Loch is a tall, soldierly-looking man, with iron-grey hair and beard« the latter long and flowing. His face is said to have a stern and serious look, but as this appears to have been the experience of an evening reporter, the severity may have been an assumed expression. Miss Gordon, the sister of General Gordon, hes received numerous < letters containing offers of help, as well aa tenders of sums of money amounting in all to over £20,000, for her to devote in any way she sees fit in order to secure the safety or release of her brother. To these communica- tions Miss Gordon has replied that, as her brother is a British officer, and went to Khartoum in the discharge of his duty, she cannot undertake a task that properly dewolves on the Government. [And the British Government rightly ignores " its duty." Gordon is neither an officer nor authorised agent of the British forces.-ED.] The Fairchild Lecture was recently delivered at the Shoreditch parish church, London. This is one of the oldest foundations in London. By the will of a pious gardener of Hoxton, Thomas Fairchild, made in 1728, a sum of £25 was vested in the churchwardens for the delivery of a lecture every Whitsun Tuesday on one of the following subjects :-" The wonderful works of God in the creation," or " The certainty of the Resurrection of the 'dead, proved by the certain changes of the animal and vegetable parts of thc creation." The first sermon was preached by Dr. John Denne on Whit-Tuesday, May 19,1730, from St. Matthew, vi., 28-30 (the Providence of God as seen in the lily and the sparrow). From that time until new-a period of 150 years-the lecture has been regularly de- livered at Shoreditch Church. Just recently the lecturer was the Rev. James Bennett, of Park Church, Chelsea. The other day there passed quietly away at Redfern, Sydney, and extraordinary character in the person of Archibald Sellars Hamilton, phreno- logical lecturer and general political bump diviner. He died, aged 65. To the last, the old man travelled over the crania of Sydney residents, discovering hidden greatness and the most minute defeats-at a ginuea a block. Poor Hamilton, well meaning as he was, by no means earned the gratitude of his country. It was he who discovered the bump of statemanship in John Davies, and of finance and liberality in the great abigail ; and it was not till Dan O'Connor asked Hamilton to examine his head that he (Dan) began to think there was something in it, and that he was cut out for Parliament : a perennial flow of Grecian elo- quence has been the result. However, we hope poor old Hamilton is at rest ; he was a man of mighty brain - the empire of his thought extended from pole to pole. The following inscription will be placed on Charles Reade's tombstone, lt was written by himself : Here Lie, By the Side of His Beloved Friend, the Mortal Remains of Charles Reade, Dramatist, Novelist and journalist. His last words to Mankind are on this stone : I hope for a resurrection, not from any power in nature, but from the will of the Lord God Ommi potent, who mode nature and me. He created man out of nothing which nature could not. He -r can restore man from the dust, which nature cannot. And I hope for holiness and happiness in a future life, not for anything I have said or done in this body, but from the merits and nediation of Jesus Chirst. He has promised His intercession to all who seek it, and He will not break his word ; that intercession, once granted, cannot le rejected ; for He is God, and his merits infinite ; a mon's sins are but human and finite. " Him that cometh to me, I will in nowise cast out.'' " If any mon sin, we liave an advocate with the Father, Jems Christ the Righteous, and He is the propitiation-for our sins." The cable tells us, day by day, of the success of the Australians in the cricket field, and of other Cornstalks in the higher and mors useful field of science and medicine. With regor! to the lotter it is most satisfactory to find that thesuccess of Australians in the home Universities is backed up by solid results in practice in the colonies. The latest instance of this fact is the signal 3uccess which has attended the career of Mr. W. Odillo Maher, the distinguished young oceulist, who hos now commenced the practice of his profession in Sydney. Two or three years ago the English and Colonial press noted the triumphs of this young Sydneyite in the Boyal London Opthalmic Hospital of which he was Resident Surgeon and undoubtedly his skill makes him a public benefactor. It would be offensive to Br. Maier's reputation os an oceulist to refer to any particular cases wherein he has been a success, but where undoubted skill or true genuis works wide benefits, it becomes a matter for public comment. The highest honours are due to the men who, while benefitting themselves, alleviate human suffering and add to the sum of human happiness. Dr. Maher received from the English and Irish medical institutions the highest diplomas for medicine, midwifery, surgery, Ac; but the study of the diseases or affections, of the eye opened o wider and more interesting field for scientific pur- suit. Already his surgery in Macqaarie-street, | Sydney, is visited by porsons from all parts of N.S.W. and Queensland. 