TRoveltst. Tom Gfcu'.dcrs of Squatters' Gnlcli. A BTOHV OF C0I/OHA110. Tde Stranger was drunk. There was no mistaking it. He wasjalso u^Iy. There was no room for a doul't of thai either. Physic ally, mentally, lnotaiiy, be v.-£.s both drank I and ujjly. The hilarious patrons ot the Tarantula Salcon had for some hours been watching his increseinr: opulence of alcohol ism and corobaiiveness with that interest vhich always marked them when prospects ui a uguL uuLaujc yujmiuvi-i, Ail utjuaLicis Gulch a right was as full of attractiveness n.° a strawberry ftEtival notoriously is in a Sew England village, 'the tturdr pioncav who conducted the local theatre had been kno- n 10 take advantage of (his fact vritb great linancial profit to himself. Being aware that \- to of ths most energetic warriors of the sur rounding country had sworn to carve and otherwise render each other the reverse of ornamental, or even useful, the first time they should meet, this genial person tent each of them a complimentary ticket to his hall. Ho then caused to Vje circulated the report that they were to bo present at the Albnmbrn i'alace — such waB the resplendent title by which his retort vac known io local fame — upon the evening following. Hia losses had been severe. The inhabitants of Squatters' Gnich bad no fondness for dramatic art as here interpreted. ' Mncbeth,' ' Hamlet,' and ' Sardanapaius,' performed t-y six per sons, had no attractions for their sordid tiCDseE. Therefore, he had lost money. But his reverses were amply set right by Die stroke of managerial genius which I have iicrc recorded. Xhe house v^as packed. So were the roofs of adjacent buildings, where eligible standing-room brought as high a li jure as twenty dollars per square foot. The canvas top of the Alhambra Palace bad been removed for the occasion, and the view was good. The warriors met. One of them re quested the other, with that poetic sense of chivalry wich characterised the early moun tain settler, to spit in his eye — an invitation which waB promptly accepted. The fight that followed was tlways remembered in the -;tilch. How the Tall BlaBner of the Bappa h&tmoek; dexterously removed both ears from the head o£ Sacramento John, and was him self most elaborately lacerated in return, are matters of history. The town went hall road -with admiration, and what was left of the two accomplished young gentlemen involved in this little entertainment was for years re garded almost with reverence. It may be . supposed, therefore, that the movements ef the Stranger, upon the night oi which I write,' were viewed with something more than common interest. One by one the leading citizens had dropped into the Taran tula Saloon dafing the evening, until the laDlea were all well, surrounded, and the bar was lined with watehfal observers. '? Who's the stranger,' inquired Tom Oath - -cs;v, in a careless way, as he dealt three cardc to 3udpe Gashwilder.- .-. '..?'?' ' Dunao,' briefly responded that judicial luminary, throwing his hand down in a die gObiM way; ' he's on'y. just arriv1, and it's fay legal opinion, as how, il he keeps on, he'll reach the wd'jof his lariat; extremely quick.' '?' . ' I've half a mind,' mused Mr. Cathcart, r'lCisantly, ' to rise up dad give Jjiraa benefit cnjc«il. I don't like no Missouri mud-eater :o stand the boys up like he's doing.' ' Nevermind,' affably rejoined Judge Gash mVilIct, with that air of authority which save ?ii;' opinions upon. ihe benoh great weight; 'hold 011 a Ut. fur-nned George will be aloni; soon, and Ihe stranger will nave to. ii!;e water then. Let him go on. Gimme two cards.' j,' .. . . '-Hello I' ejaculated Mr. ;Oathcart, b moment later; //She hall has begun.' Everybodyjri, the room had arisen to hifl lent. ThetaU^ttiBsouriBn, » man o£ angular irame and sinister visage, had at last sue ceeaed in drawing Bonjebodyintoaoontroversy. inecitizensof Squatters* Gulch were about to be entertained. ' Humph 1,' muttered Mr. Catheart, it'a a o~d BhEiBe for him to' pick a row with Wanders. The poor chap can scarcely hold Disown head nri. let aloTiB-fiffhtmi!. I've n ?''Shty.good notion to sail in myself.' Doia-on,' cautioned Judge Gashwilder, J»mj his index finger iaid knowingly along ?is nose ; '- Thomas Glanders in all right ; he M Blo«r but sure. Look there ! ' The quarrel at the bar had been growing wuacr. The Stranger, hiaainea with the nay liquor he had been drinking, had selected one of the least offensive men in the settle ment as the speoid object of his displeasure. i.tUB person, a Jlr. Thomas GUndera, was a ju-et, resnectably'aiessea man, ?with a stolid lace and a dejected manner, who was looked «P°n in n friendly, often a pitying, light by ui»compa»ionB. There lad been something e»d in bis Ute-th&t; vriis known to the entire m ?.,£: -:-2 ?'??''? '- ?'?' ? t-^aii*^' »??''? ':i- ' - '- ' ' ''. - 1));-;j!jlatioa of tho Gulch. What it was, ne uu..; pteoiaalyiknow, and no one cated. But [ kc;iv1j- everybody took an interest in him, and ?;gc a aoul lived in the town who would not have fought for his sake at eny time. The Stranger was heaping abuse on Gi^uders'.i head — abuse which he could not cii.uprehead, and which seemed to half be wilder him. But the offensive Miesourian wu;it on, goaded to inoreasod fury by his own words. Still Glanders stood helplessly gazing about him, making no reply, but occmoaaUy m?sicgtbobae1iof hisrough brown handacross nit foreheodr- Finally, in a transport, o£ rage, tht1 Stranger drew a revolver. Then Glanders sovineil to atraken. He spoke for the first liHie. '? Put it up,' he «atd. quietly, ' ot I will kill you.' Tec Stranger laughed, and the crowd, augry n'.A T-jci;iitiris, bugan to close Jn upon him. ?'?UnJiTo niutionud them back. ' Put it up, he repeated, firmly, ' or I will slici'i you iu your tracks.' Tiic Ktraiifier lired, and a part of Glarjder'd !ii». fel! to ihe iloor. Few of tha citizens of iire uulch had known or would have believed lio could act with such decision, lie had Uiv'.ier'-o been thousht by tbeni to be a slow and easy-going person, too iuoffeni-ive to be tioadeu uiion, nsiil loo gentle to respond with viAmce. 'I3ut upou this occasion he b.ciied ills rLputatios. Qnicl; as lightning— so quickly i!..u only ose or two in the room saw the :iu'.v;)ient— a derringer sprang from his p-ukut, a uoep report egulkM through the rpvui, and the Stranger feii to the Iloor. There was silence, for a moment. Then the winded Miaoourian, after writhing a moment ?where he lay, beckoned Glanders towards hi:a. He was au loader violent. The fumes of the drink had quite evaporated from his bfiiic, and he realized what had happened. iTUudcrg, whose anger had disappeai-ed as ijuickly as it came, when he saw he v,'as the victor and his life was no longer threatened, stepped forward and raised the Stranger's hand to his knee. 'Whisky,' ha said, shortly, to Ibe bar iaepei. The liquor was brougljl, and he poured it between the Stranger's lips. It was a dra ?jiitic tcenc. So deep, eo solemn was the coloring of the picture, that not a man in the crowd— usually a turbulent one — had as yet utleivd a word. The wouuded man, some what revived by the Btivnularit, motioned Glan Ocrs to lcau closer, aad he obeyed. There was nothing but pain in hia red face now, and great 'i;ciiiisof perspiration stood out upon hie fore head. The Stranger wbiBpered a lew words Uokcnly, and then suddenly fell back, dead. Glunacrs lowered the man's head to the. Qoov, E,nd then elowly arose to his feet. The hush wliic'r. ha3 some time ago fallen upon tbe crowd was not yet disturbed. 'Boys,' said Glanders, in a voice which trembled slightly, ' I hated to_ do. it, hat it \- '.'oulda't be helped. I'm sorry it was so, and I'm willin' to abide by what you Gay. If it vrcfi raurder,string me un, and be d— — d quick s.bout it.' A. murmur that arose almost io a shout ran luiGugk the room. Every man there en c.ors&d; his course. Glanders began to move slowly toward the duor. He paused ones, -'.re\v his hut down over his eyes, buttoned liis c.iiit tightly about his throat, and thiast l.is hands icio his pockets with an air that iii.5ic3tcd a purpose. ' Poor things ! ' he muttered, as he strode into the nickt. ' They're orphans now, and I made 'em so ! ' Drawn back 3o;oe paces Ironi the roadway, c 'ore to the trunk of a tall pine tree, some distance from the sturdy Eettlomc.it of Squat ters' Gulch, was one of those huge, ungainly vehicles which, in the early days of pioneer ing, were known as prairie schooners. Near by, di^ly seen through the darknesE, were two lean, unhappy -looking horses, browsing in a helpless way upon the scant herbage which the place afforded. At the foot o£ the tree p. heap of sinouHering embers showed that there had beoa a small fire earlier in the night. This was the scane into which Glan ders peered half an hour after tbe tragic oc currence I hEvejast described. For a long time he sat, thoughtfully and silently, upon the polo of the waggon. So fai as any sign of his was concerned he might have been asleep. Possibly he was going over tho events of the evening. Perhaps ho was framing a scheme far the future. When more than an hour had thus dipped by, be came out of his reverie, and arose to bis feet. Thomas Glanders was a methodical man. For years he hod plodded nlong in a nothing that any of his companions could discover, bat never complaining of ill fortune cr pain. Men supposed he must h&ve; money. lie lived well, but unobtrusively, and lie never had difficulty in meeting his obligations. To tue suffering ho was always kind. Indeed, the local clergyman, who found few but sour gnipe3 in this vineyard, was wont to nay that Thomas Glanders could be relied upon, when charity was needed, to give as liberally as a gambler. But there was no ostentation about him. ile lived by method. He arose and went to bed at certain hours, be ate at pres cribed times, and he drank hie four glasses of whisky every dfcy as regularly as he breiithed. His was a pure matter-of-fact life. Whatever bad luck came to him — sud it was altogether out of proportion to his good fortune— he ac cepted it without & word ot complaint. If, as was rarely the case, he had a touch oi more than ordinarily pleasant luck, there was never . u sign of jubilation in his conduct. He rarely talked, saving when wotds were absolutely necessary. What be had to do he did, and he made verv little fuss about it. I When Glanders arose from his position Tipbti the pole of the waggon, his fitstopeiation was to pile a few sticks of wood upon ihe coals. In a little while there vras a blaze, w i:\ alter sputtering a moment, gave oul considerable light. This illumination, or the sound of Olaador's footstep about the place, apparently aroused some degree of life iDEide the waggon, for there was a slight more meat, and then & childish voice, ratliet petu lant in its tone, said: 'The old man, I a'pose — dog-gone him.' ' Shet np ! ' responded another voice, obviously that of & Ian, 'or you'll get another ianupin*. Ef he's full, he's sassy.' Glanders leaned against the tree, and all became quiet again. For the second time since he had arrived upon this scene, he fell to thinking, and, as before, bis reflections were so absorbing that he lost all conscious ness ot what' was passing around him. He did' not even notice that the canvas Sap of the waggon was raised, and that two very big blae eyes were peering cautiously through tbe aperture thus formed. It was entirely without his knowledge that the owner of those curieus eyes stole oat of the waggon and crept slyly toward him. Not until she spoke wae he aware of her presence. 'Where's the old man?' were the nrat words Glanders heard.' ' They startled him slightly, and he looked earnestly into the young face that was np tnrned to hie. l'erhapa it was the flickering of the firelight tb&i; caused the quick shade that fell across his face. But it looked like an expression of pain. The girl, annoyed at bis silence, went on, impetuously : ' Don't yea bear ? What in blazes is the (matter of you ? Where's the old man 7 ' I 'Sown th? gulch,' replied Glanders, ulowly and with some difficulty . \ .' Oh,' aaU t,kc girl, with an ojd mixture ft sarcasm end curiosity. ' lie sont yon up to say he -was drank, I e'noso. Said he (wouldn't be homo till lie got good and ready —didn't he? Told you to tell ns to look sharp, or he'd liok both of us when he got home, I reokou— -hey? ' ' Does he beat yoa, then ? ' asked Glan ders, with a weak attempt at evasion. 'Does he? Now you just bet ho does. AudjI've got my opinion ot a'^big loafer that licks a little gal like me, what can't help herself. Some day he'il wake up the wrong outfit, and then he'il get put under tbe daisies with his boots on — yon hear me ? ' Glanders did hear her, and he shuddered. But he was strangely attracted lo the big eyed, rough-spoken little girl, who stood there looking him in the face anJ ejecting her wordsjwith cu energy that would have been ludicrous under other oii'eamstaneeg. She was a slender child, perhaps twelve years old. Her hair was curly and. light, and it fell'ia a tangled mass over her forehead and neck. .She was -poorly clad, and her brown feet had lon^ been strangers to the cramping in flnence of shoes. There was a touch of great pity in Mr. Glauder's eyes as be looked at this child standing ihere in the firelight and re garding him fixedly. 'Come here,' he said, aftev a while; ' come here and t-allt with me. I want to aeh you some questions.' He went over and sat down again upoa the pole of the waggon. The girl looked at him for a';. moment without moving. Clearly her first impulse wa3 to resent his suggestion. But that design lived on'iy for a moment, and she approached him without shyness. 'I'll do it,' she Undated, in a voice from which the sharpness had all gone. ' I don't Jinow who yoa ere, but I like you, though I can't tell why. It ain't cause you're hand some — that's dead sure.' Glanders paid no attention to this uncom plimentary allusion to his personal appear ance. With him it was no time Cor idle words or thoughts. 'Tell me,' he said, when the girl had settled herself on the ground in front ol him, ' do you like the old rasn? — are job fond of him ? ' ' Well,' responded tbe gir), after a pause, ' I can't say us I'd like to cat him. He's too handy with the back ot hia fist to make me bo awful dead in love with him.' Glanders sighed, fis though he felt relieved from some anxiety. 'But then,' the girl went on, with childish frankness, 'you can't quite hate a man when be'e the only purtector you've got. Ugly as he was, he put all tho bread in my month as ever went there, and I've got to remember that. Sometimes there wasn't much of it, and sometimes it was mighty queer [bread. But as a gen'ral thing he did the best ,he knowed how, and ? Siy, what are you thinking about so hard ? ' Glanders was jnst Bt that moment thinking he was about the darkest criminal iii the world. To save himself from posniblc deetruc tion, he had killed a fellow-being— an act, I regret to say, which was not sufficiently infre quent in those days, and in that section, to call for any special regrets upon its own ac count. Bat Glanders reflected that in de priving the Missouri bully of hig ate, he had also taken away the only prop npon which this helpless child leaned for support. It was a reflection which filled him at first with dismay and self-reproach, and then with a certain defmitencsn of purpose. 'Sis,' said he, after a moment, passing his hand over her straying curls with a kind of rough tenderness thai was not without its element ot magnetism ; ' sis, ef thar was a man— mind ye, I don't say char is a man — but ef thar tuns one as come to you and says, says this man, ef so be as you two children \vunts a home, bein' without one, ye can come and live slong of me, and though it ain't a refined and oliygant abode, bein' built as it were iu the first rude stages o1 civilization — ef any man was to say this to ye, and your dad didn't particularly mind, what would you answer ? ' The girl looked full iu'his faco. ' Answer ? Why, I'd collar the offer like chain-lightning — only,' sue hesitated an instant— ' only tbo old man never'd stand by and let mo have such a good thing as that —sever.' 'He'll never bother ye any more, my child,' said (JJanders. ' Do yu feel very bad about it?' 'Bad?' she echoed. ' Yes. The old man has beaa took, as it were, to put it gently, to Abraham's boosoni. He was killed, my chili, and the man what offers to take ye into hia home is the one as did il.' The young girl started back.fcud -egarded Glanders with a utrangc expression. It was not ft look of repulsion, or anger, or fright, but rather a look of astonishment. Pre eently, after peering into his eyes :for somo little time, she said: ' 'l'hen I don't believe it was your fault. Vou ain't the kind of a man to do that sort of thing 'thout a cause. And os for me, it's a-sionishin' he hasu't ketched it afore.' -ilanders took a deep breath, which sounded like a sigh of relief. ' Then,' said he, ' we must be movinV In the morning the camp of Squatters' Gulch -whs surprised to see ft huge emigrant wagon drawn up to tho door of Glanders'? cabin, and, later in the day- it was still further astonished to observe two children, a boy and a girl, playing shoot the place. Who they were, and where they came from, was a deep and absorbing mystery. That their advent was connected with the death of tbe Slranger was not a theory which occurred to many of the citizens. One of the leading explanations put farward by those who con versed upon the subject was the proposition that Glanders's supposititious .wife in the States— an appendage whieh -waa attached in a greater or less degree to the main bulk of the population of that salubrious locality— had forwarded her children to be cared for by their legitimate protector. But whatever Squatters' Gulch may have thought ot ex pressed upon the subject, Squatters' Gulch did not carry its curiosity offensively near to Glanders, or his cabin on tho hill. Meanwhile, in the cabin itself, there were some odd developments. The new residents had quietly domesticated themselves with that p.filuctit confidence which is the dis tinguishing trait of that migratory childhood of the west, which, being cast this way and that by the changes which constantly ooour in now countries, readily aocustoms itself to fresh surroundings. One night, sitting be fore the fire, with his short clay pipe in his mouth, and tbe children on ths floor at his feet, dreamily regarding the coals, Glanders broke the silence. ' Sis,' said he, ' I don't want to pry into no family secrets of yourn, coa it ain't none of my business pcrticklerly, but, at the same time, it ain't reasonable fer me to go on always a-callin' of ye ' Sis,' and the yonng chap 'Bab.'' ' That's so, I reckon,' promptly replied the yonne girL 'My name'a Lucy Bryton. And hia'n,' pointing to the boy, his'n is Kobert. His t'other name ain't like mine, though, cause he's only a 'dopted brother. His name is liathhun — Robert Hathhun. Hello I What's up, Mr. Tom ? ' 'Kothin',' replied Glanders, whose face had. suddenly become rigid. 'On'y I drapped my pipe, that's all. Go to bed, youngsters. I want to think. Hold up a bit. What became ot yer mother— Bob ? ' 'Dead, sir. Drownded in the Missouri overflow- X haven't Been her ainca I was a liaby.' When they were gone, and for hours after ward, Glanders Bat looking gloomily into the ' Pore jal,' he muttered, after a long time. ' Ef matters had come oat a Ur.th different, that would. hev bin my boy. Mine.- Well, what' to hinder now? ' Having by some acotc menta'ljprocess .con vinced himself that nothing was to hinder,' Glanders went thoughtfully to bed. r s s .*.??-?'-. j The soft autumn days, gilded by the- dear t.nd genial Colorado sun, ruslted slowly sway into the crisp and vestal winter. Then came the budding spring, tbe lazy summer, and the blushing autumn again. So the weeks glided into months, and the months closed into years, until Squatters' Gulch, ashamed of its rough and uncouth name ot other days, adopted the more exalted title of Clarion City. There were other changes, tco, in the genial atmosphere surrounding the place. The rough and somewhat uncouth dwellings which formerly covered the steep sides of the ravine had almost entirely disappeared, &ud; their pieces were filled vrith more sightly cottages. The business part oi tbe town had grown commcnsurately with the other por tions of Clarion City, and the place presented au altogether sightly appearance, cosily tucked away among the pince-clad foothills. In a tasteful cottage, far toward the outer edge of the settlement, lived Mr. Thomas Glanders and the members of his family, who have heretofore been described in this vera cious sanative. It was a pretty place, and it was marked here ahd there by the unmis takable traces of s woman's presence. Neat white curtains hung in the windows, a ham mock swung on the verandah, and a trailing vine grew over the posts by the door. One aight, as the sun was climbing down across the western sky, the verandah was occupied by wo young people. Astrong hearty youngman was swinging in the hammock., while Bitting beside him, idly moving tbe network back ward and forward, was a lithe and graceful girl. She was blushing deeply, but not hang ing her head. There was, indeed, in her large blue eyes a look of open frankness, which I do not think is often found about tbo faces of young women when they arc discussing the subject which was at that moment occupying her attention. ' Tiier° is something which ssems almost like sacrilege about it, Robert,' she said, -with i touch of remonstrance in her voice. ' I had grown to think you my brother iu reality, as well as by association.' ' Bat you love me, Lucy. You have told me so.' His voics was deep, and not un musical to the ear. And it had about it, in Die time of pleading, a persuasive tenderness which, I tor, more than one of the flattering damsels of the Gulch had found it difficult to resist. But Mies Lncy was sot of the com mon sort, and she did not heedlessly assent to the proposition advanced. ' What.' she asked, presently, ' would he ihmk?' It was apparent that the young man did not require a more definite descriptive term to understand who was referred to. ? 'He would scarcely object, Lncy. You know he loves both of us very dearly, and his greatest happiness would bo in making us happy.' ' True,' replied Miss Lucy, thoughtfully. '? But if — if he would rather we did not seek this kind of happiness, Robert — yon know we owe him e. very great deal. Oar home, oar rescue from au existence that would have left us both more to be pitied than if we were dead, our educatien— all were given us by him. We can scarcely do anything that may bring him pain, Kobort.' The young man in the hammock was silent [or a moment. ' Tell me,' he said, in a little while, ' why you suppose there is any danger that he will object. Miss Lucy's face assumed a deeper scarlet. 'I — I— well, nothing. It is probably my imagination.' ' Will you ask him ?' Another pause. Then in a low voice: ' Yes. I will ask him to-night, if he does not speak first. If he consents, Kobert, I will do all that you have asked,' ' That's a doar, sweet Lucy,' exclaimed Robert, springing to hie feet and kissing her lips. ' We eEall be very happy,' As he strolled down the hill, Miss Lucy's eyes followed his retreating figure sadly. When he was gone she drew a long and slightly tremulous breath, and laid her bead against ihe post. She still sat thus, with her eyes bent upon the ground, when a heavy footfall aroused her attention. Mr. Thomas Glanders, returning from his office at the mouth of the. Giant mine. Not qnite the Thomas Glandurs we have known hereto fore. His eyes ware serener now than they were of old, and his tread had not that cle ment of hesitation which formerly marked it. Thomas Glanders, mine -owner and operator, with a pretty home, and the bene filu of solicitous female society, was rather inclined to be an ornament to his sex, al though there were moments, I must relate, when he did not occupy a similar relation to the English language. ' Good evenin', Lucy, he said, kindly, as he drew a chair up to her eidc, and seated himself so that the folds of her dress brushed against bis knees. '1 net llobert as I came up the hill. A fine boy, that, Lucy. I'm as proud of him as if I had been his father.' A moment of silence, during which Miss Lucy breathed a trifle quickly. One hand lay unemployed in her lap. Glanders picked it up, and held it in his own. It looked so small, so white, so lovely, in his great palm, thfit lie speedily covered it up by drawing his brown fingers about it. . ' It't a whiter hand,' he began, slowly and reflectively, ' though it ain't much bigger than it waE when I first took it into mine, that ni|iht under .the big tree. All, my girl, I didn't see then, and I didn't get to imagine that you would be so dear to me Borne day. I didn't know that in the course of- time you would get to be— whatyou are to me. If I hail' ? Anotherpause. Thia time Lucy was slight; y trembling. ' If I had,' he continued, 'I should almost have been afraid to see you,' .' Afraid ? ' The word came reluctantly and almost in a whisper. '.'Afraid I might some tune lose you— afraid that some other love but the regard you had for clumsy, poor-spoken old Tom Glan ders might some day be stole away by a deeper, a greater regard fer another man.' Mr. Glanders arose and -walked to tbe other end of the verandah. Then he came slowly back and placed his heavy band, light enough now, upon the sunny head. ' Luoy,' he- began, ' child, you are more to me than I can tell— more than I know, God help me. There is but one happiness for me, bnt one rest after my life's struggle. And it has been & straggle, Lucy, that ain't always, been easy for to get the best off. But, Luoy, I don't want to find fault nor to complain, if it has brougbt me you. Eh? Why, child, you ave oryin*. Deary, if I've said anything that's grieved you, don't mind me. Lucy, I'll never speak of it again as long as I live. I take it all back, Lucy, I do, so help me God)' Mr. Glanders waB down by her side, hold ing her hands, snd trying to soothe her. In a moment she became quite cairn. ' You have been kind to me,' she said, alter a little while. ' I was only a stranger's child— a stranger who would h&ve; taken your life. You took me id, and cared for me, slid worked and toiled tor me, ' so that I might have comforts and be happy. You took me, » ragged, rough, Hl;bred child, and, ^ou^ave me the chance to become ft' lady. 5.'ou have j3ameamyrrayjoiw,i»fl'-r^— ^ : .;.?,' vg- v; .?-.j-w2,,i -?.;» .:cv ?? ' Don't Epeak that -way, Jjucy. I didn't calculate to buy your heart. I didn't, Luoy, and I wouldn't take it like that.' ' Vou Uicltft buy it, you— you won it, Tom, I lore yoa vary, very dearly. It may not be the kind of love yon expect, jost yet ; but, by and hy, when we have grown used to each other, when vrc have forgotten that we were ' ' Father and daughter, almost,' he broke in. 'Areyoo. sure, Lncy? ^Vill you never regret this ?' ' Never 1' she cried, impulsively. 'But let it be quick. Do not wait a day, but have it done at once 1 It— it must be without de lay, br-^or' ? She did not finish the sentence, but with a sharp, convulsive kiss upon his brown cheek — a kiss which sounded almost like a gasp — she was gone. In the gloaming upon bin porch that night sat Mr. Thomas Glanders, a very happy man. Behind him lay all the gloom, and sorrow, and pain that could never come to him now. la the future — what? He could not answer, though it soetnad very bright. ***** It was quickly and quietly accomplished. Alaost before 'the staid citizens of Clariou City were out iu the streets, Mr. Glanders and his bride had wclked to the little chapel down in the rfvine, end back again. lie had no ticed tliat Lucy was very paie that morning, and that there wore long, deep lines in her face. Clearly slie had r.ot slept. But Mr. Glanders attributed tbe fact lo a -weakness ot the sex, aad ims^ingd that a little familiarit;1 wJth the new relations would soou wear it away. Robert did not come home during tho night — a habit which, I am obliged to confess, is not uncommon among the compatriots of his years. Mr. Glanders had wished to defer the quiet ceremony until his arrival, butLucy had refused with a feverish haete, which her companion set down to the score of diffidence. It was some hours after tbe marriage that 'Mr. Glanders, failing to stir up any en thusiasm in Lucy's breast regarding the various topics of 'conversation, kissed her tenderly, and strolled uat for a walk among the trees. ' She's better alone for a time,' he mut tered, apologetically, to himself. 'When I como back in half an hour she'll fas as bright an-l cheery as ev.-r.' 1'or a long time after he went awfty, Lucy sat looking blankly at tbe wall. Then she arose and walked out upon the porch, and stood looking down the hill, where she had last seen Robert pass away. In a fsw moments she be'earse conscious that someone was near her. It was Bobert, white .19 a ghost, and trembling nervously. She looked into his face but could not speak. There wa~: a deep, pathetic inquiry in her eyes, whieu spoke more plainly than -words. ' Yes, I know,' he said, in a strained and worried fashion. ' I heaid it as I c&tna; up the street. I shall not reproach you, Lucy, for, if he asked you to marry him, it was ths only return you could make for all his more than fatherly kindness.' There was a footstep not far away, but it was not noted by the two young people. ' I have come, Lucy,' continued Bobert, in the same hurried aad unnatural fashion, ' to say good-bye.' ' Kobert 1 ' she gasped, ' do not, do not go away.' ' I must,' he said, in a strange tone, re gaining a part of his own force as he saw a touch of weakness in tha woman he loved. II There is no other course. It would break my heart to atay here end flee yoa the -wife of another. It would wear out my honor, my gratitude, my' manhood. Day by day, all that is good about me would lade and fade an-ay, until I died of shame or mental agony, or became a reproach to all the world. It must bo, Lucy. We love each other (co dearly to have it otherwise.' She was silent. ' Good-bye, Lucy,' hs said, more quietly, taking her band. 'Good-bye,' she whispered in a choking voice. For a moment he held her hand m hh. Ac the same instant a Ehadow that had been thrown by the sun across the ground almost at their feet, began slowly and stealthily to steal away. ' Try,' said Robert, struggling hard to re gain his composure, ' try to forget me. You can only find happiness in that oblivion. Or, if you think of me sometimes, remember m-j only as the brother who grew up with you and loved you with — with only a — a brother's love. Good-bye. God blasa you, little sister.' fie turned on his heel and took s, step for ward. The sharp report of a pistol from the rear of tho house arrested his attention. 'What was that?' asked Lucy, turning if possible a shade whiter. In a moment they were both under the great pine tee which stood a few puces up the side of the hill. What they saw at that moment will never be forgotten by either of them. Stretched upon the soft carpet o£ pine needles, with a look of ineffable gentleness in his fast glazing eyea, a smile on his lip?, and her portrait on hie heart, lay the rigid figure of the husband oE the Stranger's child. — Leandcr Ridtardson in the Argonaut. 