NEWS AND NOTES. With regard to the resolutions agreed to by the confereace of the representatives of the two local mining exchanges we learn that the Ballarat Sock Exchange altered the word shall " in the firatreaolution to ** may/*iand ;then adopted the reiolutiona in their entirety. The Rjjal.'Stoek Exchange, struck: out tjieTjrfiole of the; first rule. and altered.thn fourth so, that the. maximnm-fine ia to be only £5O, and the > minimum £lO. . This arrange-, meat is, of coarse,'regarded-by the Ballarat Stock Etchings ?a vejy upsatistactory. We have beard it-, mentionedias a cause of that tbe , juatices..summeosd weekly to adjudicate, at .tbe City C:mrt~nften find tbeir ■ seats* on - the bench • occupied by other magistrates, who. come Ihete officiously and Interfere iu the* discharge of ihe duties in que9tion»'~':PoBsibly ;-the "iotrusion referred to fass been % lhe i result of .tboaghtlessness; bat,* obviously; it would; be ‘well to leave no room.- for'complaints of the kind in future.. : \ A but/betweeh ;3 ;and 4.Vclqckj yeftriday/afierooon.in.AymaU* out office, at the • rear oj/ MrH._Cronk's bdtchery eatxblishmenfc, Sturt' streetr ao out-office during the erection of anew shop to -front, .and, it:, is - surmised,. caught fire through a match being * carelessly dropped .among some ' old paper.' The, flame? *• were noticed, however, by the men employed the place* before they [bad obtamed nny hbld, and a hoee was at -once turned on/ so tbat Hy. the tibia tbe * City /brigade larrivetf; they had ■ been almost got under. A number of valuable papers; which ;were*ih' theeoffice • werersayed'/l though saturated with j water, damaj?© done'amounted to abqQt“£2o; : and'ia~'covered r by insurance in the Norwich Union offlee. - Yeaterday .a farmer., named. .Wm. Lawton, residing at Bumoybbg, fell down dead, while out In one of his paddqeks; -There are no suspicious-circumstances connected with the' death. jMr Lawton was attended on Tuesday last by Dr Hardy, and as Mr Hardy was away from home at the time o! the unfortunate occurrence nothing definite as to the'cause of death is known. Instructions were sent out to the local justice of the peace to hold an inquest when Dr Hardy came back. Dr Hardy was expected- home last night Mr R, F. Boon, received a reply from tbe City Council to bis letter, asking for a reduc tion of tbe weighbridge rates; The letter of the council stated that as Mr Boon was n»t a ratepayer, a farmer or a representative man, they declined to take any notice of bis rfquest, .but if representative people took tbe matter ■ up they would consider it. Yesterday, in con sequence of the reply received Mr Boon was actively engaged in canvassing for signatures for a petition to tbe council in the hay market, and we hear that a fair number have sighed the petition. ; The decision of the .defence authorities in the matter of finally deciding on the uniform, /o be worn by the members of the new ' Militia Force has given very great satisfaction to all sections of the service. It asem9 fco .be now beyond doubt that the dress uniform of the infantry Is to be scarlet. The engineers and tbe aitillery ate to appear in dress similar to that worn under the old volunteer sys tem. Two fine trout were on view yesterday, in Mr Major's fish shop, Sturt street. The fish were caught at Moorabool. One of tbe trout weighed rix pounds, and. tbe other five pounds. The barrier system was introduced yesterday at the Western railway station. It is hoped that after tbe rush of traffic during tbe boli* diye proper tbe barriers will be removed, or else a determined agitation should be set on foot to have them immediately abolished. His Honour Judge Trench possesses a fund of quietiiumoar, often of an engaging nature. Yesterday he drily remarked that his 72nd birthday fell upon the 23rd of March, the date of the bir h of tbe illegisimate child towards whose support Mr Tatham does not desire to pay. Yesterday the locomotive engines on the railway had their domes wound round with crape, as as token of respect for the deceased drivers, Craik and Kitchen Tbe last half of tbe pumping beam for tbe Berry No. 1 Cos., loaded on two pieces of Oregon timber, and weighing altogether 15 tons, passed through Ballarat yesterday, drawn by 11 horses, the property of Mr James Tiimty, in charge of Mr Danetan, tbe well-known contractor. This is, we are in formed, tbe heaviest casting manufactured in the colony, and was executed by Messrs John Hickman and Cos., of the Union Foundry, BriUrat. The first half was delivered on Weda^day. At tbe meeting of tbe committee of tbe L : ntoa Agricultural and Horticultural Society h-ld oq Wednesday evening, a motion to tbe following effect was carried:—“ That tbe prize money due to J. Todd be forfeited, and that already paid to J. S»le be refunded, for show ing exhibits not grown by themselves at the Ute show. In the event of tbe money paid not being refunded, J. Sale to be disqualified for 12 months, according to regulation 12 of tbe society." We learn that Mr Andrew Hamilton, son of an old Ballarat resident, has been appointed assistant iu tbe Mucartbur street State school. Mr E. G- Wollaston, whom he succeeds, leaves BalUrot on Wednesday next to take charge of the Cxmpbellcown school. The Right Reverend the Bishop of Perth will preach in St. Paul's Church at this even ing's service, commencing at 7 30. Tbe Bal larat parishes generally, will unite on that occasion, and the' offertory will be for the Snuday-school Association of the diocese. The Kev. R. T. Cummins will preach in the same church at this morning's service, commencing »t 11 o'clock. On Sunday next (Easter Sun day) tbe Right Heverfnd the Bishop of Bal larat will preach at evening service in St. Paul's. O.) Monday there will be special trains run ning at intervals to the Dowling F-reat Race course from 11 a.m. Anybody desiring to purchase tickets for tbe stand or paddock, si, can do so at Craig's Hotel, between 10 a.zn. and I2 0000, and at Che gates on the course. Albert H. Rischmuller, licensee of tbe joho o* Groat. hotel, Main, road, was proceeded against at tbe Town Police Court, yesterday morning, on a charge of permitting idle and disojtlerly. persons to assemble upon hie Hc-nvd premises. An application was made at the same time to transfer the license of the ho'el to William Michaelis. The latter, , who was examined at considerable length, suted that Le'did not know the characters of the women in the house, and took them to be domestic servant*. Ultimately the case was adjourned until the 17tb instant, In order that tbe police might make further enquiries as to defendant's character. total eclipse' of the moon took place last evening, beginning shortly after 6 and lasting until after midnight. The, sky waa clear, and a good view of the eclipse in its various stages could be obtained. There was a good muster of the Ballarat Battalion of the Militia last night, when the men. were put through a number of move ments in company drill in Sturt street. Lieutenant-Colonel Sleep and Ctptain Mann were tbe officers present. A half-day parade of the battalion will be held to day, commenc ing at 9 o'clock in the morning. Mr Birtchnell, of tbe Bible and Book Depdt, sends us some beautiful specimens of new books aud'oaida, suitable for Sasteroffaringp, Sunday schools, and familie». The large pub liriuog bouses of the Old World appear to be keeping up to’ (be demands df the times, and the'competition in . the book trade being sc reed, It is ataort eurpriring^bow v fio;many< manage to live' out of 'the small profitfC' Mr Birtbboell offers “ Log Cabin to White House,"* welt bound in cloth, for Is 6d. Besides this, ■ there is A fiqmewbat remarkable v bpok> entitled, “ Tlie Freeddni fourth edition Id a very short time; We can* not notice the many attractivejteatarea of such a varied stock as . may. be seen at tbe Bible D?p6S, but* sdvise our readers' to,lock in and examine for.themselves. . , ; s ? • Our Larmonfch correspondent writes “An act of neighbourly generosity not uq freqiient’y occurs in farming communities this • time of the year and which does-a good deal to show the esteem in which the recipient is b«>)d took place at CoghallV Creek ou last* Monday.: Mr Henry, who-is .one of oldest apdjuioet generally- respected of -Ihe locality named, having, lately become lessee of a larm was likelytfco be late in petting the. ssisoi/s crop aowd, ( This gave.ao opportunity to old friends.' nnd neighboara- (o s ehow-'tbeir good, will fcnd friendship in a .practical-way : of which Jhey were not riow to selves/ end. Monday groundwasa busy scene wtth'orer :20 double.: furrow plough* Id operation which left 7 in the'; evening moretbas 80 acres of ground ploughed. 1 Ur. Henry was present and received bis friends -. 'with his/accustomed geniality, and regaled 'them right royalty tbrougoub the day.' - 1 wish 'Mr Henry all the success his friends desire for him/* • •. .■ ■.r. ; • . “MaybF-Hiotmab-'aDdifcs^fs- PariDewanand- Little, J*s.P.,:prerided at the City Court yes-- terday. Two- inebriates were dealt witb, and John separafce* charges of larceny, viz/stealing a book; value 30s, fronrDr Pluoock; and-witb stealing-three books, value £2, belonging to Dr Holthuus*. -•Scott was sentenced to three months' imprison* □lent on each charge, the sentences to„ be v cumulative.’ - . r * • _ *. We have been shown au Oddfellow's jewel :to* be presented to Ll' Graham, F.F.G.M.*of j the M.U.10.F, bn account of: ,the valuable,services' rendered by him dodge. l -.The‘ ( jewel is-one ofmoat excellent workmanship, tandvis bordered: by 'o«k-*-aad laurel-leaves,chased in -gold.- 1 In-the middle is a plate of lapped its csutre, a rubyrin rite-palm-. The jewelwill'be on-yiewon Saturday-next, ibthe shop of the 'manufacturer, Ur’ W/B-nnett, of Bridge street, .- ' • ; ' • . The Tatham,,appeal case' was, further post' pooed 'from the General Sessions till Wednea*. day next. Arepoit appear* elsewhere.- ’ ' -.Our Smythesdale correspondent writes:— ..“The proverbial Baying, ' What/may happen -to fa man ip> Victoria/ was exemplified; in a rather unusual, and humorous: faabiona; few .days ago, daring the time' the excursion train was returning from Q leenecliff to Scarsdale. It wonldappear thafa rew of the adult travel lers of both sexes on pleasure bent were not staunch, members of the Blue Ribbon Army,. and it cam 9 to paas 7 tbat wbila the train-was .thundering through a tunnel a young man who bappened to be'eitting beaide>a lady slightly elevated, the result of having'partaken rather bountifully of.'soibetbiog more potent tfiau tev orajuopura, was staitled by feeling an arm thrown suddenly ronndfaisineckjßCCompaoied by awarm hug. 7 ' The youth' feelinginexj/res sibly shockedafcaucb‘Ubertieß‘being taken-.wlth' •him : rather roughly .freed himself from the Jady's * embrace, and to- avoid further aggres sions quietly-slipped under .the-seat, and : did not leave his biding place" bntU/ttieAtraiu: had. emerged from the; tunnel into daylight, when propriety and good 'manners'were r aga!o the order of the'day. Query, ; has' leap yearany tbiog to do with tbe little affair?" : AswiU be seen from advertisement, a Blue, Ribbon social picnic and public meeting will be held in the Leirmootb district on Monday next (Easter Monday). The picnic is to .take place at Mount Bolton. Pdit T es to meet at‘the* mount at II o'clock. Toe public meeting will take place in the LeaimonCh Temperanc Hall, and will commence at 8 o’clock p m. Not only those who have adopted the blue ribbon, but all classes are invited to both picnic and the evening's meeting. The meeting will be ad dressed by Masers Lugg, Bsird, Strnugbao, Rev. S- Walker, and others. Our Blackwood correspondent writes;— “ The rainfall here in January was 5*44 inches; February, 1*66 inches; and in March, 4 23 inches. Total, 11*33 inches, ' * Mr Birtcbnell, Brioamead'a agent, advertises in another column the receipt of some re •markable novelties in fch«ir new pianos, which were imported for the opening of the Mel* bourne show rooms, and are now on sale at the Ballarat agency. We believe .Mr Birlch nell has disposed of a large number of these instrument!), and has now a variety at bis room", especially for Eister. The Melbourne correspondent nf the Ararat Advertiser writes:— 11 If our detective force were to strive to emulate the following bit of sharp work, they would go a long way re habilitate themselves in public opinion. 'An American stage coach was robbed at 5 a.m., of £600; a reward was offered at 7 a.m; robbers shot dead, and all the money recovered at 2 p m.' The chronicler goes on to say : ‘ Coroner's inquest at 3 p.m.: funeral of thieves at 6 p.m., testimonial and banquet to captors at 8 p.m.; and the chairman and three guests 1 )cked up dead drunk at midnight.' " We have received the current issue of the Victorian Review, which contains several very readable articles, among which may be men tioned The Progress of Lmguage," *‘A Plea- for Ghosts," “Australian History Falsi fied." Russia and England in Asia," and “ The Decay of Faith.” In his speech at the banquet at the DjyLs ford Town Hall, on Wednesday evening, the Hon. Graham Berry is thus yester day's Argus to have referred to the recent puli'ic-)I speeches of the Hon. Mr Richardson and the Hon M»jor Smith:— 1 * It was all per fectly fair and praiseworthy, and there was nothing in Mr Richardson's speech, so far as he remembered, which any member of the Ministry could cavil nt (Hear, bear) He believed that Mr Richardson wished well to i he present Ministry, and that be was as in terested as anyone in the good government of the country. (Applause.) The other speech which he had named was of a somewhat dif ferent character, but it bad been so trenchantly dealt with by ibe Melbourne papers, everyone of them condemning it from beginning to end, and proving, first of all, its untruthfulness in many particulars, and then showing that, at least, even if there were the evils of which Major Soil'll complained in the policy of the present Government, as evidenced by the legis lation of last session, he was the last man who should be brought forward, inasmuch as be f -i witling aider and abettor in the carrying oi tuose measures." Wa {Age) learn that Mr James M'Lean, who was for many years Crown Lands bailiff in the colony, has, in compliance with a numerously signed requisition, consented to stand for the Moira seat, rendered vacant by the resignation of Mr Bolton Mr M'Lean has not yet de livered an exposition of bis principles or party leanings. List evening's Herald says:—“The .Minister of Public Instruction has decided that Mr NfcboHs, of Ballarat, has been duly elected teachers' classifier under the Education Act, so that if Mr P. Whyte, the protestor, de sires to proceed further with his objection he will have to seek bis remedy in the Law Courts." Mr Charles Marvin writes to the Pall Mali Gazette as follows ** In a lute issue yon called attention to a letter of mine from Baku, ap pearing in the Morning Ppif, describing the tapping of a well, from which petroleum was Spouting 300 feet high at the rate of 2.000,000 gallons'per diem. It may Interest yob to know that the fountain is; atill.epoating, and the efforts of the owners, have*only resulted, iq diminishing the outflow to 10.00 ‘ tons of oil a day. A few'daya before I left Baku, another well, which had been furnish ing a regular supply since 1874, suddenly started 'playing/ and was throwing up 500 tons of petroleum every twenty-four hours. The effect of this prodigious outflow is what might have been expected. Whole lakes of tpil .are bring set on,fire to get rid of the liquid, .or elie have been drained off to ~ wards the sea. The price of petroleum has : sunk to 3£d per ton. Nobel bro thers have fourteen spouting wells capped over and idle. It is cheaper for them to buy the oil than use their own, These remarkable Sweedes announce that their organisation will be competent by next spring to distil 75,000,000 gallons of kerosene every yearyandr transport 90,000.000 gallons. But they are only-supplying the Russian, Austrian, and E-'st German markets via the Volga. The South Imarket-lstiU ' remains to ibe opened up'by way of the new .railroad from Btku to Batoum, which is no win full working order. Consideriog .that; petroleum- extends over 1100 miles of tha Baku region, of' which only three, have yet been exploited, U is cle«r. that;-the American artiole muet soon'' be-sub jected 7 to formidable competition. The 'oil. supply of Baku, I should* add,' fa* practically inexhaustible. Since my return I have under taken/-some historical - researches,, and have traced it back ever 2000 year*/ At all ages the region aeeins to have-beep, as how, saturated with petroleum." A; Templar's welcome will take place at the St. John's ■ Hall,'- - Ptel* street, oo Saturday, night. <■ -j~ '• ■ ; /r’- -'V ; ' ‘ r - Bohßsnian’ Bicyola Cluh meet to-day and * to-morrow/ .. .Applications are invited forithVposition'of town clerk at the. Hall, * > ‘ - . Dr Stevebsoß Dotifies he will'meeV patients' ; There will ba-aepeciil meetiog of’the Bootv makers' Union- tormoriowi night at':Qrabam*B Rooms.- 1 - : V . CoUraan; will sell r by.abc r ; tion (wltbput-,the.alkghteat reserve)Tto-morrpw (Saturday),; at I2 o'clock' f at Craig's hotel, the.tight to ereet twopublicans 1 and two refreahtaeot . booths; also the,' right to' prink programmes .In' coooeetiou with the Grand ;£igbi Hours* Demonatratioo to be held on the Eastern Oval on Monday, 21at April. ' On EiaterMondßythera-will: be a-Blue: .Ribbon, public-meeting at L?armoQth. * The picnic takes place st 11 , to the foot.of Mount fßolton fat-; that: Hme.N Tlia public ‘msetingtiiker plaoa. at 8 p.tn.'ui the Temper'-; •nee Hall^L'arojcytfi. .•f, •; .-'-’-V ■'4 Ballarat aporta wiU.iUke ■phce on E latern Oral. i /- The Kina* Coffay annonnca that'tliey bare resumed teaching dancing af the Phoenix Hall. Tboaa who intend to'join the classes are rrqaeated to do so early in the season. For further information, seß adrartißemeDt. ' 