RECOLLECTIONS OF THB STAGE. By Australian. — — "still questioned me tbe story of my life ; . . . I ran It through, e'on from my bojl'b diyj." — (othello. As i have bad the honour to state, Jack and I obUined an engagement together. We w-'rs juui. lank Provender, consisting of kid and potatoes three times per diem, was vcttiue init a .duie monotonous. The only change of " bid o' faro" we bad bad for week was wh'en We had potatoes without kid. The manager of the company wbo3s ranks wo joined was Alexander Henderson — now one of tbe swell, managers in tbe old country. Alec has done well. Dominique: Murray was tbo " low comedian'," and his wife, Josephine Fide', was the " leading lady " — bota of ihcm clever in their respective lines. Dominique ha, made a name for himself in England. Well, we were en gaged. That's the thiid time I've advanced this assertion — " 'twill go nigh to bi t"ougat so precently." Oar opening piece wa3 the dram i called "The Robber' Wife" — a pi-ua of tuo "gory" school. There are two ' oM men" in it. 1 was to play one. The stage man igr kindly gave rnc my choice. He informed me that one w»s a erious old man, and the other was comic. Now, I wa- still firmly impressed with couviC'.iom that tragedy of the mcst pronounced type was ray forte — of course, to one with each a conception of biB own ability, there conld bo no question as to the choice. I unhesitatingly elected to play (he "set ions old man." To have cbossn the comic part, would have been at variance with my moit cherished ideaa. It would have lowered me in my ' own esteem ; it woald have been nadigqified; so I snubbed Thalia, and eagerly embraced Mebomeae. I declined to become a side-splitting droll. I mounted the tragio stilts — not that I required stilts of any kind. I am only speaking in a metapboric sens. I forget the name of the ; " ancient geeiscr " I bad to impersonate, bit I remember that he was supposed to bo in a si-.te of considtrable mental aoziety about a daaghter who had soma time previously Bhown a preferenca for tha society ot some oth«r " lord of oreacion " to that of the author of her being, a preference which 8 quite natural in young ladles, bst which is not always indulged In a attiaily becoming maoaer. Then is a osrtain ceremony not altogether uncon nected with churchos and breakfast, wtich is supposed to precada the departnra of tha "lady bird'1 from tbe parent nest. Now this conditio had not been complied with ia the cabs of this particular old man's daughter, hence his seriousness. Well, I think that 1 oosld have done tbe serious basinets with snccexs, but I found that there was somsthing more necessary than the power to look as solemn as a meataxe, or as serious as sn undertaker whost " little bi'l " has not been settled. 1 bad to "make-ap." Jack leat me a wig — beggar should not be ohooeers. I have tbe most grateful remembrance of poor Jack's kindness ; but this wig wa such an awful affair. What hair there was was iron-grey ; it was nearly quite bald ; it looked like tbe hvad of a man who had been receiving unfair treatment from tbe pinner of his joys and sorrows. So old, heavy, and dis jointed did it look, that it might have b«en tbe scalp of Socr»te9, taken from that phiiojpher immediately after a domestic flare-np with Zin- tippe. Now imagine this bald nightmare on the head of a narrow-faced youth, who didn't postess the remotest conception of the art of " mnkine- up " to it. Idon'i bokevc that anyone could h»Te made-up to it. I am positively cirtara that I didn't. However, I had to do the bet 1 could, and I am bound to aay that it was very bad. On my appear ance, 1 was preeted with laughter. One inquis tivc person wanted to know, " who was my barbrr," and when in the scone where I had to rocogniso my erring daaghter, in tho violence of my agitation in the mid.t ot my tragic earnestness 1 got my fingers twisted among the Bcanty locks of that dreadful wig and suddenly scalped raysalf, The admiration of the audience was unbounded, It wss a Saturday-night andi- ance, and on tha digging. Miis Fiddc, who was " my daughter," seemsd at a loss whether to laugh or cry, whether to join in the fun or get mad. At length, like a sensible good-natured little woman, sha elected to laug b, and sho paid attention to it. too. Just then I regretted that I bad not choseu the " comic old man," not tuat I think that I would have received half the applause, or have caused half the laughter in the comic part that I did in the serious one. I'm sure that my first es the character cf an "old man " interfered fatally with the success of "The Bobber's Wife" as a whole, though that the audience were immensely pleased, there couldn't b the shadow of a doubt, and I was tbe cause of their hilarity us the "seri- ou father." J had failed principally through an accident. I "laid this flattering unction to my soul" at least : but as a mirtii-provoker I had suc ceeded beyond all expectation, also by accident, I distinctly remember that with me " the low comedian watn't in it." During thi season I had several opportunities of distinguishing myrelf, and 1 never neglrcted one. But I'm bound to say that my " hits " were usually made in a manner quite unintendod by tha "hitter," On the whole the season wts only a partial success. It was found expedient to inf aso new blcod into the concern. This was done by the engagement of stoat Ned Holloway. And it muit be admitted that the new " blood " was accom panied by lots of " flesh," not that jovial Ned wu« as robust then as h« has become since. Nod at that time played all the " legitimate " lead, in ad dition to the good old -sea pieces. Ned was and ii still considered the belt " stags sailor " in Aus tralia. Ho was called " tho T. P. Cook " of tiie colonics. I've not had the advantage of seeing Mr Cooke, but I believe that it would have been no disgrace to him bad he been called tbe Bdtnuad Holloway of London. I've seen a great number of actora play " Bon tho Boatawain," ' Tom Cringle," " Harry Halyard," Ac., Aa,,. bnt Ned can give them all a longBtart and then "cone to tbe front." He doesn't earo to act now. To use his own phrase- ology, " ho's had enough — give the young 'uns a chance," I think that it was during this season of which I am writing that I first caw Ned play " Riohard the Third," Marie Nclion was the Lady Anne, the Lieatenant of the Tower was the character assigned to me. Now I am aware that the blonder I am going to relate happened originally in England, and it was dne to the peniitence ot certain members of our com pany in telling of the said blunder, and caution- mg me to be careful or I should also fall into it, that I absolutely did fall into it. It will be re membered that the Lieutenant opposes Richard nn that monarch's attempting to approach the coffin in whioh are snppoied to be the mortal remains of the detunot King, speaking in a firm tone these words—" Stand back my Lord, and let the coffin paae." Now the joke which my brother " pro " kept dinning into my ears was (he relation of tbo fact that soma actor in England had so altered the language as to torn the thing to ridicnle. This constant warning on their part made me so fright fully nervous that when night came I was in a perfect fever of apprehension. I have before men tioned my extreme modasty, lack of confidence, Ac. Well, I never felt so acutely the want of self- reliance as I did on that night. The moment came — the dreaded moment — I got the "cue" to apeak the words above quoted. I fait that every eye in the company was upon me, every ear on tbe stretch to hear mo speak thoBe dreaded words. I raised my spost breast-high, in accordance with instructions, and, looking de fiantly at the " Crooked Richard," said in a good loud voice, "Stand back, my lord, and let the " parson cough I " The whole oompauy, including Bi chard, sent forth a guffaw, which was answered by another from the audience — I may say by everal others ; and once more I'felt myself un expectedly the oentral figure of the ersning, I would desire to draw the special attention of young actora to this little event They Bhould never permit themselves to be "chaffed" by their " more hardened " companion! duriog rehearsal — for the impressions made in the morning, whether they ere right or wrong, are almost certain to come uppermost in the mind at night. This is indeed the very objeot of rehearsal. Young actors cannot be too careful. They will find that a rigid adherence to tbe text in the morning will prevent mental confusion in the evening, ajwnys understood that other conditions are favoarable. U1 have said that things were not over bright in the dramatio line about this time, but previous to our joining the company business was particularly dull. Of course it improved afterward. As an instance ol this dullness, a gtntleman named Graham, the "leading man" of tbe company, took a benefit (?), and upon being asked by a friend j how he had succeeded, " Oh, I did very well oon- | sidering the times," replied Graham ; " I only ! lost £5," This Graham waa a rather ecc«ntric . party — not by any moans a bad actor, but ca roles j as to the acquisition of the words of the characters he was called upon to assume, It i related of him that upon one occasion when playing Bob > Boy he took a slight liberty with the author in the third act, where the Scottish outlaw relates his pricvaoces to Fr.ncis Osbaldistone. Rob, after i elating his troubles concludes his long speech thus—" So 1 e'en puffed my bonnet o'er my brow, bnckled tho broadsword tb my side, took to the hfather and the glen, and became a broken man." Bnt Mr . Graham, after floundering through tbe scene np to this point, finished thus—" So I palled ' my hat over my head, took an axe in my hand, took to the hush, and I've been there e.ver einoe," a parody on tbe langnaye of the ill-used chief enough to make Sir Walter Scat-, or his adaptor I Pocock, shiver in their shrouds. ,1 don't think that Giabam ever played in tbo metropolis, he was essentially "a bushranger." He unfortunately belonged to a class of pirformer of whom there were a great many in tho;e days — men addicted to the over-indulgeoce of tbo rosy." Managers up the country were to a great exter.t at the mercy of their companies. There were no railways then, so that a vacancy in a company could not be filled at a thort no: ice. I know or miny cases where managers have eufferrd through this same " rosy," ! bnt it is among those professional experiences s which are unpleasant in r- l) lion, and not a: all . calculated to elevate the profession in the es'ima- j tion of the reader. Tuings are changed in this re- 1 spect; over-indulgence now is the exception, not j the rule. " We have reformed this indifferently i with us," nnd it will be well for ns when wo have j " reformed it altogether " ; not that theatrical j people are, on the average, more giv-n to yirld to i the influence of Baccbns than are tbe members of j other professions, I am aware that an impression : exists iu certain' circles that they ate. I deny it ; : and further, I mcst emphatically assert, that i taking into account tbo mental strain endured by ' tbe great majority of professional people, to say i nothing of tbe physical laboor, the percentage of I over-indulgence is extremely small. It is generally thought that theatrical life is "11 tklitlo and I beer," let me aisure my readers that it is not so, ! orede experto. J3at on thi digging, in tbe days ' of whicb I am writiug, after work was doue, Bacchus ruled supreme. The soei'ty of actor wa much sought by the miner and otbars, and the abominable system of "shouting" to express admiration or to cement friendship wa in full force, the temptations were constant, and looking I back upon those days, with a vivid recollection ot the surrounding oircumstances, the wonder to me is that "the god of wiue" bad not aooag my brethren of tire stage many mere devotes than be had. Good wl&s; 1 a good loallta r OTeature, If ll b« wall uad. To give some idea of the prevalence of drink upon tbe diggings in those days, I may mention that upon one of the mining townships there was a large concert hall where there were constantly engaged such artistes as Ltvenne, Geo. Loder, Farquharson, Mdme. Carandini, Mdme. Vittelli, and "the inimitable Thatcher," brother of our Richmond, and a host of others, whose names escape my memory jast now, to say nothing of minstrel troupes with such names bb Otto Burbank, little Lsemurit, Billy White, Charley Backhouse, Ac., Ah., all big-salaried people, and the hall was opened free I The pro - prietors reaped a handsome profit from the sale of drink during the performance. Waiters were constantly in atiendnnco among the uudicnce, and, notwithstanding the quantity ol liquor cou- tumcd, it is pleasant to be able to record that the eitablikliment was always conducted with the strictest orccr. I will here mention a circum- stance illustrative of the power of favouritism on the diggings in those times. "The inimitable" Thatcher was a writer of local sougs, and singer of the same; he had a positively wonderful facility for putting into rhyme to some cheerful and ap- propriate air any event likely to be of the slightest public interest. He would also hit off in the happiest manner any peculiarity noticeable in well- known personages, and in his merry-jingling rhymes keep the public constantly informed of all that was worth knowing politically, socially, and otherwise, especially otherwise. So great a favourite was Charles Thatcher, that I have seen him re- called six and seven times a night. Well, Charles had a misunderstanding with the proprietors upon one occasion, and withdrew his services. Satur- day night came the audience assembled, and after a while, cries were heard for Thatcher, or, as the multitude used to pronounce it, That-cheer. 'Twas in vain that other artistes attempted to proceed with the performance. Some one on behalf of the proprietors remonstrated and ex- plained. 'Twas useless. "That-cheer!" they shrieked. "But, gentlemen - "That- cheer," howled the great unwashed, "I assure you." "That-cheer!" bellowed the many-headed. At length the pro- prietors saw tbat remonstrance was useless, and finally they promised that the idol of the crowd should be restored. The sons of toil then kindly permitted the performances proceed. "The inim- table" was sent for, just as they have to send for Sir Henry Parkes when they get into trouble in the House; and when later in the evening Charles R. appeared, his supporters went into ecstasies. They clapped their hands, stamped their hoofs, and went into a fury of delight. They were determined to have their own way, and they had it. This was the only occasion upon which I ever heard a disturbancc in that hall, filled though it was nightly by a vast concourse of "all sorts of people," and then it was only the expression of a good-natured determination to stick to their favourite. One of the proprietors of this Lyric Elysium, was quite a character. Oue or two instances of his peculiarities may not be out of place here. From being the keeper of a very small "shanty, "'he bad by industry and shrewdness amassed a very considerable "pile," and in partnership with anothar started this concert hall. There was an hotel on a large scale besides, but no stranger see ing the proprietor of whom I am writing, would have supposed for a moment that he was other than one of tbe servants of the hotel. As an in stance in point, a traveller stopped there one day, and colling to a man at the door, desired him to take hii luggage upBtairs. The man obeyed, and the gentleman gave bim a shilling. When he wai leaving the hotel he went to the office to pay hit account, having been referred to the proprietor, when he wo not a little surprised to find the man who had carried his luggage upstairs. He started an apology for having ordered the ' boss " to "hump" his "swag." "Didn't I do it pro perly f " said the boss. " O, certainly, sir I but the idea of my giving you a shilling — ." " Don't yon think it was enuugb ?" said the " boss." " You can give me another," Amongst other speculations too nnmeroui to mention, this " eccentric " took one of the theatres, and engaged a company. " The Tempest " was one of the productioos, it was a failure. The proprietor met his stage manager on tbe following morning, and asked bim who it was that wrote " The Tempest." " Shake speare," said the manager, " Did bo V said the deeply -read speculator. "Then Shakespeare writes no mote pieces for me," and 1 believe be has kept biB woid. It is related of this party that one morning he .saVr " the bootB" performing "the Government stroke " on tho trotter-caBeB of tbe ludgcrs. At the rate at which he waa then going he'd have got through tbe lot by about midnight, " Is that tho way you clean boots," ' said the Governor. "Here, let me show you." He went to work, and in pure abseoce .of mind cleaned every hoot and shoe, before the man could stop him. Not that I think the man made any very determined efforts in that direction, On another occasion he elected to show a fellow how to cut wood, and tha fellow carefully watched him until he finished the whole pile, and confessed that he bad never seen anyone cut wood so well, that he could watch bim all day, and I really believe he poke truly. It. is painful to have to say that alter raising himself from poverty to affluence, and after having accumulated a considerable fortune, this poor man has again fallen to a Btate of de pendence. A series of unsuccessful speculations — a sudden aud serious retrograde movement in the value of property, owing to the rapid giving out in the gold yield, cansea the misfortunes of the man who was at one time the biggest gun in the district, I've met a great many who in tbe early days made lots ot money on the diggings, and lift it there. The theatre that had the advantage of my services at the time of which I am writing remained open for some months, and It waa in the middle of the season that an opportunity presented itself which enabled me to make my flrBt really important stride in the profession. It happened thus, A drama of the sensational order adapted from the " London Journal" was to bo produced, We bad rehearsed it for a week, and everything was pre pared. My part was one of very small import ance, merely "gn announcement," I think, but as was my invariable custom— and it was one whioh I recommend to all young actors— I had watched - the rehearsals carefully from the beginning to the end, and it was woll, as will be presently seen, t' that I had done so. The day for the performance ; ot the new piece came, and after tho reheareal was j over, several of the company accepted an invi- tfitipn to viBlt ono of the big mines, to go down the shaft, inspect the works, pick out " specimens," and otherwise amuse themselves, I don'-, know . how maoy of these thiogs they did. I think, ; though, that they otherwise amused themarivcp, i At all events, one of tbtm met with a very s r.ous' accident. , In ascending or deceuding the shaft he broke bis leg. Now this gentleman ws to piny one of the most important characters in the nea- picce. The news of the disaster didn't reach the management until about 7 o'clock in the evening. What was to he done ? The cast was quits full j i every member of the company engaged. When X : arrived at the theatTe, sbo'tly alter 7, 1 heard the j affair being discussed, but no one seemed able to j suggest a way out of the difficulty. It flash-d tbroogh my mind that 1 could play the pm left | vacant by the mishap ; hut I feared to s y sn. X felt that I could get tbrouga it, but the ! want of " push " made me fieri tite to otter 1 my aid. At length, wh-n I saw that j ihty wete absolutely at their wits' end I plucked i up my courage. Thought I, ' Tne o's a tiaeni the j affairs of men, which taken at tbe flood leads oa to I fortune." Who knows this may be my tide ! ; Here goes I I accosted old Ned : " Mr Hod way," j taid I, " if you will entrust mo with so important a i character, and at so shoit a notice, I feel that J can j get through it I have watched tbo rehear-als verv caiefttlly, and I know the word cf tho pare j already. Ishouidn't offer myselfonly that I see there is positively no ono else that c-n be st and in tho j cast." The Australian T. P. (Jook didn't appear ! to be at all elated at my generous offer. He coa- I sidered for a long time, consulted with tlio ! manager, and finally gav« fiis vote tn my favour. ' Ned's hesitation atose, he explained to me, not from any doubt of my know-ins the words of thi part, but from the fear that 1 Bhould break do-vu in what is technically koown as the " btiaines-." It happoned to bs one of tbota melodramatic characters that do everything to munc, aud simple as it may seem to the no- initiated they are tha most difficult in the whole range of the drama, requiting as they do pantomimio as well a a dramatic abili'y. nothing soirrttatesjtholc&derof; the band as to play dramatic music for peopla who don't know how to "fill it ont." If you oou't believe mo, ask Watty- Bice, Well, I succeeded in assuring plump Edmund that I had au Idea of the requirements of tbe char»oter — and I was told to go and dress for it — I did to. I doa't know who played the part I vrte to have played, I rather think tuat the promp ter did it from th side. (It range to say, when I (mtercd for the first time, I wits perfectly free from nervousness, a circumstance which in an ordinary case would it6v>-r hare happened. 1 suppose the very weight ot the responsibility 1 had undertaken gave ma no time for nervousness, how ever, whatever the caute, my attempt was crowned with success, I made " a very paipafils hit," and rtceivtd tbe thanks and congracularions of the management, and what was cf no slight importunes to me, a money present "when the ghost walked.'' and a " rise " of 10 per week on m» oLary, and thns through tbo misfortuna of an Fir I was enabled to make a bold dash on tho-.t ocean oc dramatic life, that heaving deep upon whose rest less bosom I had embarked my fortunes. Of courre, I was elated at my succces and felt with lago. It consequence do bnt Approve my dream, ily boat vails freely both with wind and stream. 