OUR PARIS LETTER. Pams, April 26. J \- Professional bagging lias become not only such a nuisance but a ' danger in Paris, that citizens are at their wits end how to combat: it.. We are far from the poetic age,, when King Cophetua iov'd the beggar maid, The romance of Bethnal Green has been extinguished by the cows aes miracles. Willingly would society i leave the professional sturdy beggar to painters and sculptors, who fo.und.busi ness, if not sublime and beautihil in wrinkles and unkempt' beards. Only' in museums do we generally prefer to en counter rags or the solicitors of alms, as presented to us bv Ribera. — who mm. menced life as a beggar, and so drew the fraternity well to MurilIo''s masterpiece which is in the Louvre, to Rembrandt's young beggar playing the fiddle, or to the more aristocratic demander of Charite sU wAis plait, of Reynolds. Switzerland, Mulhouse, and Berlin, ap pear to have found the perfect cure for professional beggary, and the sole to which these observations apply. It is to that race of men, whom Bulwer Lytton says is to be found in every civilized society, who retain the instincts of the original cannibal, and. li™ nivm (vot reitow man as a natural food. These inter esting but formidable bipeds, havingcaught their victim, invariably select one part of his body on which to fasten their relent less grinders: The part thus selected is peculiarly susceptible, providence having made it alive to the least nibble ; it -is 1 situated just aoove tne liip-joint, it is protected by a tegument of exquisite fibre, vulgarly called the breeches pocket. Ill Switzerland, etc., an 'Association against Mendicity,' exists since' six years, and has next to got rid of the nuisance. The members pay 5 to 10 francs a year, which is at the same time a relief donation to the association. In return, the member receives a bundle of tickets having a num ber, which corresponds to his address. 'When solicited for alms he presents a ticket : the recipient can then go to the association, where his case will be investi gated and registered. If found deserving, an order for food wiil be given, or a card for admission into an asylum ; this Teliof will hold good for three days to enable I the association to control the applicants' ( liistoiy. If fouud deserving, the assist ance will be prolonged, and efforts made to obtain employment for him. The association only costs 3000 francs a year ; the employes soon bccome adepts ! in unmasking the professional and the i lazy. The number of the latter may be judged from the fact that not more than one ticket in eight dislribnted by the members is presented at the office of the association Further, a house that - exposes the nolicc of being connected with the association, is avoided by mendicants aud tramps. It acts as a scare now. i Poverty has been described as a situa tion, and mendicity as a profession. In ancient Egypt no such distinction was made, as beggars were punished by death. But then tho government, according to Pliny, established 'national workshops' 3), thus anticipating Fiance: in 1'848. There were no laws against mendicity in; the ancient Roman Republic, but under ' the Emperors it was a plague and a speculation. j In the middle age3 in France mendicity \ was so great that the beggars had to be penned like sheep — hence the Cours de I Miracles. - -They.. . .organised . ..themselves ! jnto corporations, had their statues, and 1 elected their kings. Leasing says the ' true' beggar -is - the only king. — (Jnder-r King Jean they ..were .whipped ana bauished, and those tliat gave them alms were punishable ; but under Francis I. the beggars were formidable ; they 'begged in bands, sacked villages, attacked ereii forti fied towns, robbed, violated, gouged out the eyes, or lopped off the legs and arms of their victims. Burns . .would hardly describe these as jolly. There was then no' attenuating circumstances for such mendicants; their throat was opened with a red het iron, their tongue cut out, and finally they were hanged.- . Under Louis. XIII. the beggars, mostly disbanded soldiers, solicited relief: with swords at their sides. But it was during the reign of Louis XIV. that ? children : were trained to Deg. mere were men in Paris eleven pens, or dens, containing 40,000 beggars ; those who .gave-: alms I were fined 250 francs, : and those: who; lodged beggars had their bedscopfiscated. In 1682, men, if caught begging, were; chained together, and . if women they : were branded and their heads shared. : Constantinople is the happy land for; beggars ; there they own houses,., and are : small capitalists.: They have , also a: friendly .society for mutual aidjin case of ; ?sickness -or.slack business. ? ? ! Mr Gladstone's . speaking up, though j almost at the twelfth hour has already produced, excellent effects. It .was his re 'ticehces, ' tergiversations, the 'absence j of virility, and backbone in his Egyptian policy, which 'ei.couraged- France in- 'her waiting and': worrying ? attitude c towards England. There is at the present. iiioment a vice real, a something abnormal, in the relations between'the two countries.. 1 It would be a great error to voluntarily close the eyes any longer -to ah equivocal situa tion: . There are' papers here that live, -and that can only exist, by' abusing Eng land, as others do: Germany. - The: writers have only to string the epithets, : and- ' those- who-pepper the; highest are surest to'please.' 'Theire is 'much- truth in thatscehe.of'a well- known vaudeville, 'which .describes .a journalist ^arriving-jn ;Paris, -witii no jothei: mental/baggagfe, but the words, ' idiot, fool, and aniiuai-' by .ringing .the changes on these, _ he owned he liiade his~fortane. 'There is 'also aclass 'of journals' that lia've'noVHtie coui^ge of their opinions they. Imrlcnt nfiw Ui loripi. » . i - - - ? i .- ;,t' The mi& and; water, the' namby-pamby; policy of England towards France, is a mistake. It flatters the French and leads them to believe they area necessity, a crutch for England. Hence ? the germs ; of 'many conflicts. A firm, .'but not offensive policy ; a resolution to act up to words, are the means best calculated to: maintain good intelligence and good re lations between two powers, that nature and civilization have brought- -so close together. - - - - _,i ; These principles ought to be the mpre observed, now that the Australian ques tion has arrived at the burning stage. In .1843. the J3i itish : Cabinet had a full . and frank explanation with France respecting, /the latter's doings , :in:;. ; the ; Pacific Ocean. England recognised the right of France to .extend her sj'steiu of colonisation by all measures in conformity with international polity. In tlie l?rit chard afiair England was listened to because , Sir Robert Peel knew.liis mind. Now the human conscience revolts at' the very idea of bringing to savages the con tagion of vice. The Repidiviste Bill will spread broadcast that contagion, for a French convict is exceptionally vicious ' arid obstinately irreclaimable. It is only nursery talk to assert France will keep up a -special oceanic squadron to. 'prevent convicts escaping from the islands -where they .are let loose.; . Credat Jud&ns;! The number of convicts who have managed to self-expatriate from .the well-guarded : New Cal'edonia .- may be taken as an earnest of: .how the newer penal settle -ments will be watched. .... . . France wants to place her scum, out of the home country, so that no philan thropic enthusiasm, no patriotic necessities, as in,- 1870-71, : would .be able to liberate them. She has capital penitentiary space in her. colony at . Cayenne. - There/. her prisons can be made self supporting, if npt in the mother country, and when, a detenu really b ecomes reformed lie can be allowed his liberty, and so illustrate that inrthe eyes of the law, as in religion, re Ipentarice -and- innocence We sisters. ' ' '. International -obligations would not allow England to Convert .the Channel Islands into a cloaca maxima for her habitual .criminals, and. their jes'cape/'to ttjife riea£%iainlarid of France *would«aoon provoke protests from French ministers. Why . poison: then the neighborhood, and the future of Australia? We cannot always do what we like with our own ; we may have many convenient properties into which to shoot down rubbish, but we must r^bkon-' how' that will1 -affect our neighbors. Ihis 'matter has been^bjved pjypTrench Oplouists' themselves. Ihk V£ - j ust -^been reading the royal decrees, from 1718 to l ro'i j-i ? ? ? i ? i_i_: ? vagabonds of Fiance tp: her West: Indian colonies, where they were to he employed as farm laborers, and- -to make a new social .position. ... This was Jn January 1719\. The project was.as smiling in the eyes of ministers of that period, as is the Rfddiviste bill proposed by Mr Jules Ferry : to-day .1 It was Draconian, for! whoever attempted to escape ; the mn- j .away was to be doomed to .the carcan, which was a kind of stocks, where the culprit was .chained by the neck to al post; .after' .which jie jvas Jb.Lbe anew transported or sent to the galleys. Well, three, years latfjr,... such was the joutciy raised1 by the' ' colonists, against the demoralisation engendered by the im ported contagion, that in the' course of 1722, the law had to be repealed. Con victs were set -to wOtikrin-ponlteuQanesp — J aWoc -niio refused were branded, sent to the galleys, and chained. In law, like case implies like rule. The Australian imbroglio involves other questions. By taking up an attitude of resistance; France Hatters herself ..to indulge her grudge against England, that she believes is in a state of terror at the prospect of French colonisation. In the I raids if France on Tunisia, Illadagascar, r and Tonquin, England has allowed France i to have her way, and Germany smiles ' at the eiarth hunger of lier restless neighbor, j It requres something more to make colonies than the mere possession of territory. Spain had plenty of the latter, but where are her colonies now 1 France has Algeria, but the few emigrants that hive off annually, shun it. .They avoid her other colonies as they do Canada. No ; outside of his country a French man is au engineer, a soldier, or an adventurer. Hs is not a trader nor a ,. j.i is iiol easy to tear mm troni j lus native heath. Then, France docs not | encourage: her enfatUs to quit her; at i most, she assents to removals from the provinces to the citiei. The natural richness and abundance of the French . soil encourages the peasants to remain , attached to it, and hence constitutes a ; formidable cause of the inferiority of ! French colonisation. . The French say the 1'nitod States do not colonise ; why, they are colonising every day ; every month sees anew cattle king in Texas, a State equal in extent to several Frances. In 1839 Englaud nearly lost New Zealand by her hesitation to take official possession. It was to Hobson tho honor is due for boldly planting the Union Jack 20 days before the French expedition from Bordeaux and Nantes arrived to seize the island in tho name of France ? and despite the latter's threats, England' kept that take. Happily for New Zea- . land, that land now blossoms as the rose, it is covered with flocks, it has harbors and ? railways, it has not only towns but cities, and each province will soon have its metropolis. Had New Zealand — provi- ] dentially saved — fallen into the linnds of the French, what would it have been to day ? Sterility. The French sneer at the American and EngUsh.-.piissionaries in the. Oceanic Archipelago and elsewhere. But it is' to her missionaries — alas the harvest is great-but the laborers few — she owes 'her foothold in the Society. Isles, Madagascar, Tonkin, Suaid, and New Caledonia. In 1853 the Constantine 'was. fitted out at Roehefort - -ostensibly for a voyage to China ; on arriving at ' Hong Kong sealed orders were 'opened, and the vessel set sail and arrived suddenly before the Isle des Pins, but the commmder found the 'Frenchflag flying there, as the Yice ?Admiral of Tahiti, in order to make as StttaneeTdotiblysure, 'had sent aduplicSte vessel ^sonie months before 'to seize New -Caledonia before England dropped on it. Let Australians take a note of this, and be faithful to their motto, ' Advance !' . Nothing .very new, save that ladies now nmniYlonf n f+i/iTi rtlrii*- And'-^vhen cauliflowers? The Govern mentlias cancelled the permission to iayie.; .bull-fights in the circus, and the Com munists have secured the railings of the balconies of . the Tuileries to enclose tlie common grave of their frcres at the Pere Lachaise Cemetery. Meiukacy's great picture of the ' Cruci fixion,' is the wonder of Paris. It is beautiful injcolor' and drawing, and terri ble in its impressions. Fire in Brisbame-stbebt. — At aji^ut half- past 8 o'clock last evening a fire was discovered in Mr R.-D. Burls' tobacxp nist shop in Brisbane-street, near.ihe Quadrant . The iire-bell immediately, gave the alarni aiid three reels were quickly on. tlie. spot. . . Pn the shutters being taken down -a piece, of plate glass ,was broken and smoke issued forth in large quantities. The door was opened and the fire was dis covered in the corner under the window. . A hose was pht oh and the 'fire Quickly extinguished, but of course much damage, was 'done to' the goods by the' water. A large mirror, valued at' £8, and 'all the articles in the window were coihplctely destroyed. The fire is supposed to have originated in the corner under the window where some matches were kept. Up to 10 minutes before the alarm was given one of the persons was in the shop, and there was no .sign of fire. The' damage; 'done is estimated at £200. Mr Burls 'had his stock insured in the Tasmaniim Fire Insurance Company: Pending ,re pairs the business of this branch wUl be carried on in the chief establishment, Charles- street. Towk: Improvement. — We' notice the ' new- offices of -the Colonial Muttial Life Assurance Society, Limited, in St. John ? street, -next the Criterion Hotel, ?arelnsw i finished. : We cannot but admire the%feat ' appearance it presents, : and the ' uniqlie style in which it is fitted up; ' It lias been found- necessaiy, We understand, owing to 'the important position now attained by 'the society in the northern portion of the , (island, to establish a branch office in -Launceston 'in order to afford greateri facilities for the conduct of ' the business, ; 'and for the accommodation of its mem-[ ?bers and intending : assurers. The office: is. placed' iirider the charge of Mr J. G.i Waller, District Superintendent; The -Colonial Mutual has just closed its tenth! ?year, 'arid with an annual income -of over; ?£200,000, a sufficient proof of the' appre-j ciation of 'the principles of life assurance, f and the estimation this society is held in; Uy the public generally; We underBtand; the new business acquired in Tasmania! for the year just closed is the largiest ever transacted by the society since its' establishment in the colony. We observe: with pleasure the -increasing prosperity of , oar 'Colonial Offices, and it' must' be a source of satisfaction to those that have availed themselves of the benefits of -life assurance to watch the steady progress made by these beneficient institutions. LAitCENy.— On Friday afternoon, about 3 o'clock, 'Detective Constable Murnane's attention was drawn to a crowd following a man. It appeared that . the latter had been at the Central Hotel, aud during Mr& Smith's temporary absence had reached his hand over the counter to get at the till.- As soon, however, as he 1 4- ^lin nlnum - B.-\iinJnJ ' ItrnnmH/* IfVUVfUCU lb tlUC OUkllU OUUUUCU, ViUlglUg Mrs Smith ' into the bar. The '' man, whose name is Joseph Nolan (a'though he has an alias of John Murphy) then went across to Mrs Keon's, in Charles-fetreet,' and pulled an overcoat which was ihang ing up off the nail. Constable Miirnane fo' lowed him into York- street,' and ar rested him. The overcoat was picked up and returned to Mrs Keon. The accused has been in the colony about two months, having come here from Victoria. Scene at the Mabket Whabf. — Yesterday afternoon, about 4 p.m. a sailoij jvhp had evidently imbibed too freely of that, drink which is forbidden tp be sold on a Sunday, was amusing an appreciative audience in Lower Charles street, by his curious ant'es. A person with a red hat being near the man, who evidently . liking the hat, went for ; the man and wanted him to fight, but getting a polite refusal he commenced operations without the consent of No. 2 who backed and trying to get out of the way suc ceeded in doiner urettv well although ha . occasionally got- a few round-armors. Two friends of the irritated came to the rescue and conveyed the -would be pugilist : very much against his will to the wharf, j where he became quiet. i Shop Lifting. — -A man nariied Patrick Connor, alias John Smith was arrested on Saturday night by Constables Bartlett and Critch, on a charge of -larceny. It appears that the accused went into Mr Room's shop in Brisbane-street, and stole a_pair of'bdots, for which he was forgiven -ori the boots being restored. Soon after tfee constables named above saw liim snatch an overcoat ;which was hanging! nside the shop door of Mr .George Costain's drapery establishment in Brisbane-street;, and «lin it nntW liig rfiat.. Thp conHtahlea, who had 'observed the ' sleight of hand' from the opposite side of -the street,' imme diately crossed over and arrested hinij when the property was fouud upon Irs person. He will be brought before the bench at tlie Police Court this morning to answer to the charge. Blue Ribbon Mission. — The weekly meeting of the above, held in the Tem perance Hall, York-street, was very well A ZL ? ? J-l. „ 1 ? .1 ? jiiboL- tuu cnuir naa sung several selections, the Rev. Canon Brown rigg, as chairman, made a few appropriate remarks on the ' progress of Temperance; making use of various testimonies given lately by persons interested in the liquor traffic in Launceston! He also referred to the question of local option, which he thought had brought him (through the agency of the Press) prominently before .the public. Mr Farmilo spoke of the hindrances which intemperance placed in the way of the preaching of the gospel. Many ministers, he said, did not believe in total abstinence, while there were some who partook of alcohol to strengthen thein before going into the pulpit, ,-bufc 'how. could a blessing be expcctcd on the labors of those -who resorted to thaf which ended in the ruin of so many souls. After J?astor. White addressed the meeting fivu came forward and signed the pledge Tlie united choir rendered sacrcd pieces be tween the several addresses. Painful Accident. — Yesterday after- ', norm n little boy named Alfred Briant, aged about seven years, who resides with his jwrents in Brisbane-street, had the second toe of his right foot badly cut ?nd broken. He was pkyiug with a number of others with the trucks at the ston-s quarry, when one of the wheels passed over lus foot, cutting through his boot and injuring the foot rather severely. ; The youngster was carried home by his brother, and tho wound was attended to by Dr. Stewart. . - . . -. . . ! . 1 ggyt v : The FntE Bell Tower. — On Saturday last the large fire1 bell which has been hanging for a number of yeafg in the . ohf tower in Charks-street was removed' to its new home and placed in position. It had been arranged that the first alarm should be given ty Mrs Adyc Douglas, but at the -last moment the fair lady was prevented by indisposition from carry ing out the wish of the Brigade. How ever, shortly befere 4 p.iu.«. a number, of gentieinen, including Messrs. A. Douglas, Et; Edgell, 'M'Phail, Lieut. Gould, WISi Captain C. Croft, the Superintendent of the Brigade, ana _a_laige number of tjjte members ascended the tower, and in the absence of Sirs Douglas, Mr Douglas, the Chairman of: the Brigade Board, Tv»s - asked to perform the ceremony. . At -4 o'clock sharp the first-wild peal from .mis splendidly toned bell hroke on the air, and .simultaneously a 'body of firemen who were stationed at tlie Wellingtons street comer with a reel, -started fofr' ?» practice to play the water upon the Brigade building. This . was done in a remarkably short space of time, viz., 30 seconds, the hose' being in charge of Mr Walter Croft. By this time the, SaqdhUl 1)ell 'answered the alarm from- the pfm station. Champagne was then uncorked, and in a few we!l-ch6sen words,rSuperiri tendent Croft thanked Mr Douglas on behalf of .the' 'old Brigade for his attend ance, at. the same time expressing regret at the unavoidable absence of Mrs !Douglas. Mr Douglas said it afforded him much pleasure to be present, and ex plained the absenceofMrs Douglas. He was pleased to . see such a struqfur^ as '. the new1 tower, but the; ' pul4ic had to tharik: the , old; Brigade fpr a great deaL . The demands of t^e'jri: surance offices,' howeyer, became' gr^ifer. and the ' Government also had to come forward, so tliat a certain amount was raised ; the insu ranee offices, the Govern ment, and the Council paying one third each. Under 'this /system' the new Brigade was --formed,.: and : all those members of the old Brigade -who made themselves efficient icould ; join! th-T n#sr one. He hoped thtsy- would- - be 'p«nitnitl in their drUlj-'and' that'the: Friendly _ fr Society would be continued as xisuMJ i -He *-Lr then proposed the health of the Mdiand success to the new Brigade, ' which was 4runk with Joud cheets. Cheers - srere also given for Sir Douglas,- the officers of the Brigade, and the Brigade'BoardC At 10 p.m. the ropes were placed on' the bell ready for use, and it Xvas rung again, but this time from' below, ; Hie -Sandhill bell answering the peal. The isound from the ?new tower c-mbe heard forseveral miles -round, ^as -was evidenced on Saturday by persons who distinctly heard it beyond the Second Basin, and also out at the Racecourse Hotel. The BvRoNifc Comedy CompWv. — We remind our readers ' that this evening the ' Byronic Comedy Company, .with wbidi is associated' the prince^ of Colonial cmnfe dians,*Mr . J. L. Hall,' will ' commence another short season' at the^Mebhanief Institute. A very valuable addition bio been made to the company- since their last appearance here in ' the person of Miss Frances Saville, a young lady whose vocal and dramatic attainments have tjeen most lavishly spoken of by the Prras.' Thepiece for this evening is 'a brilliant' jcomedj'' by Pinero, called ' Imprudence,3' 4iie plot of which is es follows : — '.Mr 'Paxminter Blake is married to a lady who' is 'more foolish than wicked. They stay' 'in a boarding-house, and the fun is .'kept np by Mrs Blake's attentions and larks with the male lodgers. Blake is left out 'of all these, arid7 he naturally gets jealous find determines to. write' a letter to' hithself, declaring tliat' his. marriage is inVali d on -account of a flaw in ' the certificate. Cross purptses bring more ' coiuusion to the scene. George . Castletbh has to get mairied to 'secure his : future, ai d Tie e'nga j;es Baines Durant 'as his matrimonial agerit.. Duriant 'engages to find him a wife, and here again the conglomeration becomes. fliore...heU-TOge- nous than ever. While Dniant is niakpig ?love to Miss Daliymple on : behalf his client, Castleton has become awire if thb ?sapposed invalidity ot y Mis ': Blake's marriage. . Full of this idea he makes an r' engagement with Mrs Blake to meet him - in the supper toom after all have Retired to rest. But he 'is -riot the only tine on the outlook. Supper over, each .'tried to get rid of the other, -but without avaiL Mr Blake, 'the simple husbarid,!1 'leaves the room in search of his wife, but returns 'again, iind Ihen the climax comes. i/astieion tens mrs uiane or tne naw in the marriage license— which she does not believe— and tries to press a love feint, while previously Duran't was doing the same with SItss Daliymple' for his frierid. Possessing a rather suspicious miiid^ and ; not knowing in what particular part of the house his wife is located, Mr Blake puts in an api e trance in the supper room. Determined to fathom the Jmystfeiy, and satisfy himself tn regard to the * whole matter he conceals himself in a cluffonier, and Mrs Blake has to take refuge 'bthind .the window curtains. Of tlie Ultimate result, and unravelling of the little diffi culties ahd mistakes ' whicli occur in the course of the comedy, it is only necessaiy to say they are as satisfactory as the mis understandings intheearlier- paits rtrJSre amusing.' / ,. - * f New Firm. — Messrs. lIinmaii,; Wright and Co. notify in our advertising columns .that they, have commenced . business as -- indenting and commission agents on the premises at the comer of George and William streets,, lately vacated by, Messrs. W . Si Bell and Co. Their London agents having had large experience iaVcblouial requirements, .they are in a position to plice. their constituents on the very -peat terms in purchasing goods. Mr Hiriman has been in Launceston for some tiine past, and. the. partner, Sir T^right, is on his way out' m the 's.s. John'Elder, ex pected early next month. The firm have a laige consignment of samples -in,, Uie Gulf of. jPaplia, and we have no Vfcwbt from what we know of Mr Hinrnan and the houses the firm represents that , they will he able to work up a . good business in the various lines in which they deal. Northern Tasmania*. Coursing Club. — -The Moirbigr I'itimpijm n'','T7 ' be held on Friday and Saturday next. Entries: with 'balance, in- :the ,-lVIowbray Plumpton, Leger, Invermay Stakes, must be lodged with the Secretary, Mr F. Littler, by 3 p.m. to-morrow. ? - - r EKiERTjUKMENT AX 'Sr.. iiEONAJtBS.T— A serious error occurred in our report, of -t he pleasiug entertainment at the Mt^ianics' Institute, on Friday evening. In ;.cpnse quenpe of a misunderstanding the copy j iviucustaieainat ' J-lr Uibbon's was very j successful -.in his accompaniments aud a jsolo, 'The Turkish Patrol,' the words j were altered to ' rather unsuccessful.' We regret that such a reflection should : tave 'b'jen made, -$yea in. error, upon Mr . Gibbon s abllitiess '.which gave .univeps&l; Eatisfaction, and elicited hearty applause. New Mail ARRANGEMENrs —Mails for Turner's Marsh and Upper Piper's River. Tlioso. mails will Lo closcd iii future ihjro times a week, connncucing on Tuesday ? posing at Launceston .on Tuesday, Thursday, and Saturday, at 1 o'clock. p.m. No alteration will beinade in tliehpurs of closing the mails at Turner's. Maish ; and Upper Piper's River on thp above named days. ' Lav.'ilenci- Vale. — Tho annua! distij \- bution pf rewards in connection with the We3!eyan Sunday School took place yes terday aftcnioon. Tlie He v. H. J Oock preaclied. a most interesting discpurse to parents and children, iakingliis text from . rsal..i:s92nd 12th veise, after which tho \- gentleniai: in a few appropriate re marks distributed the prizett. which were a, u ice lot of books, ivinpritiug iiiost of the latest Sunday school publications / ,1-' ciiildi-en apj)er.red to take a great interest in the proceedings, and iall seemed pleased with the r. tult Tr-LEt- iiAPHic.— The N.W. Cp'ast. line which was interrupted beyond Penguin since 8'30 p.ui. on Friday, was restored f.ir as Emu Bay at 1*30 p 111. on Saturday. ?ftrospECT-Birnr oF^HorEr-^fre uStls! : Band of .-Hppei meeting was held on ' Friday evening, aud passed off smoothly-, the room being crowded with a very . -attentive audience. Mr James Goodger presided over the meeting. An excellent .'?programme was 'gone through iii good style. Several dialogues, songs, and recitations were given. ' The following ? performers acquitted themselves very creditably ;J — Misses M. and A. Speuce, Bracey, Mace ; also, IMesdames Maceand Reid, Messrs. Mace (2), Reid (2), !Spence (2), 35.: West, -H.'ijena, G. Sanderson, It. ? Jacobson, ttnd H. Goodger. Miss 'Olive; Goodger most ably:' presided at the har \- nionium; Five iiew members were added vto the band, which' now numbers' 110 substantial members. ' Durirur the inohth / 'tho leading members gave ail entertain \- ment at Longford, land 44 sighed the pledge iand donned the Hue— a very go'6d night's workindeed. : : Young Town Band of Hope!— This band held its usual monthly meeting on . rhursday evening. ' The night. . was jratheracoldi,' and:only-a small iiiimbtfr -of . persona . assembled. -,A. very -wee pro ' £rauie , was Vgone .through . wttlii energy. MrNoah Grace jaresided over' the meet ing, and gave a neataddress. Mr Taiter I i /a good .address , 'on drink, for which , he ' Was . loudly ! applauded.; A recitation, 'There she goes, and there ' She goes,' wasypiy well giveu^by ' master . W. Smith^1 Tlie recitation,' 'Farewell fctf ihfcj Fiankard,!': was' . given ? by Miss Perry, in g6t-d; style. Mr' II. Jacobson . recited :.'The ? Fakeham - - Ghost' and i ' Bashful Man;?'. pretty welL Miss Gid dens also recited, ' Rosa s last words, nicely.n A readirig Entitled, ' Curing a cold, '- by W. Amos ; Mace, ? caused' some mefaiment. ! Thegeahof tlie evening was the recitation I rendered !:by- 'Mrs Noah Grape, sailed 'Mylast birthday;' Two sacred songs were Tendered? in good style by Miss Purse and Ivy: Made. The iat ,ter, presiding' at the organ; ' Ai vbfce -of . thanks was : tendered to .those who took , part'jn the programme. ? ' ; Whabp ^Iesion- Rand of Hops.—! The usual monthly iheeting jn conneblio n! with [the. Wharf MissipnBchooI was ireld ,on ^iday^yemnglla^t; JfavjO- Edmunds, 'inn'., in tlifT-^littir - . KmrmlTAniiAfinns j readings, and solos were gone throusli. Miss L. Warren - rendered ; ope very, nice rebitation, ' 'A true Band of Hope story.' The following also pooit pari;.: — Misses Cole.iDaltry, Millsj andMessrs. Gardiner, 'Edmunds, arid M'Hugh. During ihe tOTening the chairman gave .spine very iri tSgsting anecdotes. The meeting dpsed v at ^ o'clock after spending an enjoyable evening,. !'!--,' t V. Mjbbsey MABiNE BoABD.--Oui'LatrobQ correspondent, writing on Saturday, '-says : — The.^leraey Bferine^ Board met it : the Board- room, Formby, on Friday, when there: were present The Master Warden (John Henry, Esq: ); arid 'Messrs. G. Atkinson, ,WvBartlett,E; J. Beecroft, Dixon, Gibsonj aid f M'Call. - A heap of correspondence which had accumulated iince lastmeetihg was dealt with; The I ^Master Warden referred to the resignation of i Mr fi. Douglas, and appointment of Mr Bartlett, in terms complimentary to. those gentlemen. :A number of works on .hand were , -? explained 'toy the ^Master .Warden, and dealt with by the' Board. di.pplicatusiirfor'thfe'Bffice'o'f ' pilot'' at Hie 'Mersey r wcre then opened: -They-were eight in number, and' 'included a joint iender f rom 'Messrs. W. Chapman and A. Christensen, who agreed to perform the' 'duties of pilot and harbor master for the suiii .o££140 per annum. This applica tion was accepted, and the Board ap pointed Sir ChKsTensen Harbor master, : amd Mr . Chapman assistant, each to receive' | !£70 per annum. This was the principal j business. ' Disturbing the . Peace,— Last night : I -two -.men; named Henry . Kicholls acd John Nicholls, were arrested on the charge of 'disturbing -the peace in Wel lington-street. They 'will nave to answer; .for tteir little *' Sunday amusement' by an .enforced attendance before the Bench: this morning, when their exuberant; spirits will be toned, down. ' FuAcas at the Saivation Aemi:. — Ou:| ^tiday. evening' a altercation took .place at i .'the Salvation Tent while service was being I .conducted. It appears tS'at a young macj 'named 'Smart, eithe^ moving' ofmistakiEgji a hat was set Tipon: by its owner, a man/ Inained Graves, who' struck Smart, .in the - ?leinple causing blooi; to .flow freely. :A ! nonstable appeared . on the : scene' and ?'Graves 'was removed from the tent. : j ? : The ' Hunt Club SrEETLECnASB.— Mr j J Harvey reminds all old and ?' intending! members that their subscriptions are now rdue for the above event, and hopes that ?tuS delay will take plac^ ip!^ ^orwardingl ^liem, so that aU'artangemeiits *in' coii- | nection with the amount of the.prizes and other matters may Tje speedily carried ?out. ? '' ? - ? li.^HUiQBurrs. — The s.s. Gulf , of Carpen taria, which left Plymouth on the 30th of j -May, brings 126 emigrants,' being the: j jiecond batch arranged for., by - the Immi-' .juration BoardJ ... I t. 'A Resident of Surat writes to tha Roma JStoy Queensland, -to say that it' is ?the intention of Mr Ebb Smith,, of Weri ',bone station, to start breedipg stud sheep: ^ [that pi ace, and thai already lie lias | purchased a number of the very finest {rains 'and' ewes from' the - stud ? flocka' of ; 9llr: George Clarkp, of East TalgaL The; jiame of Mr Clarke has been identified, with high-class sheep-breeding for years ; it-was, we believe, one of the irams. from !hiB: station tfcat took champion, prize in CSydney last ycar, and was purchased at a long price, by a1 famous /Tasnianian J ?breeder. The. formation of a fir^t-class ; sheep- breeding establishment near Surat .'will be of great advantage to the district, . -iaiid we hope it will be attended', with iatisfactoiy results to Mr Smith. ' ' -Both Woeth Ksowiko. — ^Ah earache ; ;is. instantly rempve(i -by :the following .'remedy: — Olive oil, 1 oz; chloroforai, 1-drachm ; mix and shake well' together'; '!frpm .25 to 30 drops .into' the car, and lexclude the air with wool or cotton. Iodine, applied with a camel's-hair brush, | will prevent the growth ol : styes. The j lids should be held apart till the iodine j 'diys, and two or three applications in the 24 hours 'will suffice. 