THE MERCURY. THURSDA Y MQRMNQ.MARCB SO, Z834. Mr, Heney Georob, the author of "Pro- gress and Proverty," a work first pub- lished in California, which ' has ' created a great sensation in England, and been widoly read in the Colonies, has become a popular character. All the loading London papers and Bucdry reviews have had articles about him and his book. He recently addressed a meeting of the Land Reform Union, at St. James' Hall, London, and John Bright, the great tribune, has noticed him in a speech made at Birming- ham. 1 he sensation created by tho book written by Mr. George is a proof o£ one thing, if of nothing [else, that there is/a strong feeling of the necessity of d*al ii g v.ith tho growing poverty of'tho people, and much ditsatisfaction with the inability of civilised communities to solve tho problem of tbo amelioration of the social condition of large masses of the people. As Canon Kingsley wroto . long ago, when he was an ardent Chris- tian Socialist, it is only a 'fool who studies "..., > ' j->>'.. ' í " I Nature morely to disoovor why «ho atrikos ¡ or starves him to death, and thoro is a I reaction against economical scionco bo ; cause it liai not shown, and seems to bo unabio to show, how tim o\ ils of society aro to bo cured or avoited. Mr. George's book7"füll os it is, of bold assertions, and eloquent denunciation's^ of tho existing stato of affairs, has touched a chord in tho minds of a vory largo number of persons, whoso feelings havo provailcd ovor their logic, and who havo given a wolcomo to ono who has not feared to put iu tho strongest language tho belief which exists of tho insufficiency of what is called political oconomy to deal with tho over rising problems of modorn times. Other persons, Socialists for ox aniplo, V, ho havo said what Mr. George urges as an incontrovortiblo truth, havo been Bhunnod by respoctablo society, and if thoy have boon noticed at all by tho Press, it has been to point a moral as to tho wild oxtravag&nco; of thoomts and doludors of tho pooplo. But, strango to Bay, Mr. George is t roa tod in tho most serious mannor. The Quarterly Review thought it nocoBsary moro than a year ago to dovoto a whole article to a refutation of his nrgumonts, and his influence went on increasing, until it has culminatod in a colebrity such as only famous actors or singers have boon able to gain in so short a time. Mr. George has left the poots far behind. It is truo that Byron said that ho went to bod _, unknown and woko up famouB, but lie had boon before the public previously, and had already acquired colobnty by his English Bai-dt and Scotch Bevicwers. It took Tennyson 20 years to becomo popular, and other poots havo pined away in no-1 gloct, and only got fame when it was too late to be of any value to them. Within the short spaco of little moro than a singlo year, wo End that Mr. GEORGEhos forced his way'intó The 2ïmM,and thatthogreat paper wrote about him on January 10th as fol- lows .-" Mr. Hbnry George is tho loader in this much-talked-of raid upon tho landowners. Bia address y os tord ay ia the first-of a series which' ho will deliver in various parts of tho country. Ho has many qualifications to mark him out for the placo he has taken in the attack. His system has beon well considered ; it ho'ds well together ; it is recommended by some argument, and, whero argument fails, by oloquont assortion, which serves iqually well with hearers who desiro to be con- vinced." This is tho tone adopted by nearly all the papers which havo noticed Mr. George's work or spooches ; only the Satwday Review pronounces him to bo an Unmitigated humbug, 'and as quito desti- tute alike of knowlodgo and of logic. Wo strongly incline to,. the opinion of tho Saturday Revitwl > The simple pro- posal ^hat the Stato shall resume the pos- session of the land, and hold it for tho na- tional good, which appears to be what ho really means, is just one of those proposals so frequently made^by poreons who loftily, ignore the facts of human-naturo. Tho proposition is, that all ronts from land shall be confiscated and shall go to tho State, or, if this will not Buit tho land- owners, the Stato shall take the land alto- gether. Tho monoy thus obtained is to bo used to put evorybody in a happy position,) so that thoro] will b3 at once an end to po- verty and crimo, and tho milleniumi is to commence in oarnost. In regard to these fine proposals, we have only to re-1 mark;-that there is no possible'way in' which the State can resumo the land ; ' that if the State had the land it could not j keep it for 20 years ; and that if the rents j went to the State there is not a shadow of a proof that it would be ablo to perma- nently decrease poverty and crime. The whole case is, in fact, assumed. 'Thoto who have read history/and'are aware that like,causes always produce ,like offects, WÜJ be able to see at once that suchr pro- posals as those morely mean revolution, the end of which is always despotism, and a return to tho very system in a moro pronounced form that it was ;nought to overthrow. Mr. Bright was, perhaps, nearor to an accurate description of what is proposed than anyone, whon ho said that " it is just as great a cruelty, as great a folly, as great an injustice, aHhing' as impracticable ' to attempt to > confiscate tho property of all the" landowners of the nation as it would bo to attempt to turn tho freemen of the nation into slaves." Wo may certainly conclude- that what is proposed never can bo dono, and we may also safely conclude that if it was dono it would not have tho results assumed. - Wo do not say, of course, that it would not bo possible for a small community under tho restraint' of roligous enthusiasm, or in; very, peculiar circumstances, to hold.the land directly from the governing body, and the expenses of management to bo paid out of the rents, but all such experi- ments have failed always and everywhere, after a lime, and just as soon as the population became large and interests complicated It is certain that if the State was made the goneral landlord to- morrow, under any form of Government that is yet known to mankind, and with human-nature as it is at the present timo, that an era of revolution would sot in, which would be a return to the old state of affairs in an intensified form. In'order to show tho vaguenoBS of tho case which haß attracted bo much notice, we make one or two extracts from, Mr. Gkorse's speech at" atajamos' .Hall, and thoy will amply suffice to prove the small basis on which it rests. , He_j said, with the usual air of such speakers, that is,'aa if he was stating a great truth, that ""roll human production must arise from a com-' bmatioh of land and labour, and as with- out land, labour would be impossible, it followed whoever had command of the land muBt havo command of the people." Any ono who comidera this preten- tious-looking statement for a short time will see that it moans just , nothing, as applied to society in general. We are told sjlemnly that this is the root of the great labour problem, but it is evident at a glance that the speaker has not even mastered his own coso. Production requires something cIbo than land and labour, for)'to put a man naked on a piece'of land is simply to starve him to death. Production re- quires land, labour, and capital, foVwith- out the laBt, man on the land must inevitably r perish. Now, what Mr. George really proposes is, that the State shalLnot only find the land,-'but the capital as well,4 and, we suppose/ renew it, for every lazy or improvidont man who wastes it. We need not pursue tho sub- ject further. ¿b a matter of fact, no man or body of men, no caste or order so commands the land as to command the people ; on tho contrary, the value of land generally depends on the industries started and carried on, quite independently of tho actual owners of the soil. Wo may safely predict that Mr. George and his new doctrine will be as completely forgotten "' ' ."-¡.Ti. 'within a couplo of years as if* ho-had never mado a sensation, and it novor had boen propounded. t _ . . v- ~ ~ ~ r~r~"^' ) Licensed Victuallers UirougholitTaSmanla, indeed, wo may say, the Australian Colo- nies, cannot fall to be interested," in tho re Bult of tho notion Davies v. ¡Blake, heard yostorday in tho Supremo Court, Small DobtiAct Jurisdiction, boforo nis" Honor Mr. Justico Dobson, Acting Chief Justice, as reported in another column of our issuo this day. Wo draw special attention to tho caso In consequence of much uncertainty, if not positivo want of knowlcdgo, existing as to the serious liability of licensed victuallers bound to protect tho pro- perty of any guest. It nppoars that tho' plaintiff drove his buggy and pair of horses to tho Bothwell racos In October last year, On arriving at Bothwell ho stopped at defendant's licensod hotel, in tho stables attached to which tho horses vvero placed by tho defendant's ostlor. Tho plaintiff having examined tho stables, and satisfied himself that his pair of hoiBcs vvero woll accommodated, visited tho raco-course. Subsequently, on requiring his carriage and horses for tho ro- tura journoy to Hobart, ho discovered that tho poor animals had boon dreadfully bitten about tho nock and shoul- ders by a cart stallion, which had been placed in an adjoiuiug stall. Awaro that the defendant had not shown any personal carelessness, the plaintiff was disinclined to enforce his rights at, law, as a guest at a licensed hotel. Ho therefore wroto thrco letters to tho defendant, who ho w over, neither acknowledged their receipt, nor that of thrco lettors written by tho plaintiff's solicitor. Tho result was, that tho plaintiff was reluctantly compollcd to have recourse to tho law. His Honor tho Acting Chief Justico having ruled on tho point of defendant's legal liability, the only matter the jury had to considor was tho amount of damages, which woro assessed at £32, the full amountclabncd. Such beingan abstract of the facts, wo shall briefly refer to somo legal ques- tions raised yestorday in court. Defendant's counsel, Mr. A, L Clark, contended that his client was not Hablo, as ho had taken evory precaution to have tho stall allotod to tho stallion securo, that tho stallion was in charge of lils owner's groom in accordance, with the 'usual custom, -and that, if, ,any ono^ wore liable, it .was liot the defendant. In support of. the conten- tion that ncgligonco on ' the part of tho defendant should bo clearly shown, tho defendant's counsel cited tho case of Dawson v. Chamney, 5, Q.B. Reports and mentioned in the last edition, 1880, of Smith on Negligence. Hotelkeopors aro said not to' bo regarded as insurers. "The plaintiff's counsel, Mr. Thos. Sheehy, 'quoted from Campbell on the Law of Negligence, edition! 1878, showing that hotol- kcopcrs wore in al Bimilar position to carriors for biro, and cited Morgan v. fiavey, 30 L. J., now series, ex- plaining tho caso'of Dawson v. 0?iamncy.t Ho also cited i Bather v. Day, 32, LJ,,' as to an hotel-keeper being an insuror, i Moncrieff on the Liability of Innkeepers was further relied on, in which it was pointed out bow " excessively stringent " was 'tho liability of hotol-koopors, compared with] ordinary oustodians for reward. In Great Britain there is an Imperial statute, 26 and 27 Viet., chap. 41, not extended to Tas- mania, by which the liability of inn-koopers for the goods of their guests is, under certain oiraumstances, limited i to tho sum of £30, but the Act expressly oxempts " horses or othor live animals," as to which hotol koopors in England aro responsible. Tho plaintiff's counsel quoted an authority against^ an inn-keeper being unable, un- less . by contract, to »qualify, his lia- bility at common law. His Honor, the J Acting Chief Justico, in summing up tho ¡ case, adhered to tho prinoiples laid down in Morgan v. Ravey, in which it waa especially shown that an hotel-keeper was liable for the loss of the goods of a guest, unloss oatncd, firstly, by tho Ace of God j secondly, by tho Queen'» enemies; or, thirdly,by contributory negligence on the part of theguest. Wccannot pretend to comment on the apparently rigid nature of tho law as applicablo to hotel, keopersj but at the samo timo their privi- leges aro exceptional, especially in the matter of lien on the luggage and goods of thoir guests-a lion which ordinary boarding house keepers aro not legally entitled to, unloss _, by special contract. On behalf of tho plaintiff, his counsel pointed out to tho jury that, in tho event of their feeling it incumbent upon them to award the damages sought, ' thoy, * a*3 (botween two1 innocent porsonB, would have tho satis- faction of feeling that their verdict would* be in consonance with" law. Ho quoted tho case of ¡Bennett v. Mellor, 5, Term Re- ports, which wo had in view for tho conclusion of^our remarks for thopresenton this extremely important subject, The facts wero as follow :-Tho plaintiff's sorvant had somo goods at Manchester, England. Not having disposed of them, ho w ont to the do fondant's public 'house,' and enquired if ho could leave the goods until the next market day, tho following week. ' Tho landlady said that thoy wore very full of parcels, and sho could not give him an answer^ The servant sat down in tho hotel, had some liquor^ and put the goods on'tho floor imme- diately behind him. After sitting "a little while," ap the report states, ho got up, when the goods were misamg-. A verdict was givonagainst tho hotel-keeper, who appealed. The FulljConrt held that timbase was the common ono'of goods brought to an hotel by a guest, and, having beam stolen,'tho hotel keeper was liable to make good the loss. i Ti ~ Vice Rloal Visit to .the ¿loos.-Yes terday afternoon His Excellency the Go- vernor left the city on a visit to Victoria, Hoon, and, is expoctod to Return on Sa- turday! L * " ' .The English Mails.-Tho, s.a. Flinders did not arrive1 at Launceáton yesterday In time"'-to deliver'Her'mails'for despatch'to Hobart by the express train,, and they will therefore bo brought on-to day. Cable News.-Messages from Egypt state that the proclamation offering, a reward for the head of Osman Digno.' has been with- drawn, and cancelled under expresa instruc- tions from tho British Government. ' Apart from this, it has been treated-with contempt and burnt by 'tho Arab sheiks who aro friendly with the rebel leader. No news ha» been recolved from General Gordon since the. ILth. ins t., though telegraphic communi- cation between Khartoum and Cairo has been, partially restored. Osman Digna, having rallied 2,000 of his followers, is said to be determined to again face his adver- saries. The Frenoh aro said to bo about to occupy two islands in tho Red Sea. In Tonquin tho French army hu scored another victory, and it is rumoured that General Millet will now seize Chinese territory as a guarantee for Êaymcnt of war expenses. In Franco a .onapnrtist manifesto is expected, and Prince Napoleon is said to have fled to Switzerland to avoid arrest for sedition. In Spain the authorities are repressing tho incipient revolution with a strong hand. The Austrian authorities have raiBccFprotest against the harbouring in Switzerland of anarchists expelled from Austrian dominions. Telegraphic.-The following information was received at the telograph office from Berne, at 12-20 p.m. yesterday :-" Com- munication is opened with Bangkok, Siam, by land line via Tavay." Justices of the Peace.-At the meeting of tho Executivo Council yesterday, Air. Roht. Headlam, of Vaucluse, was appointed a Justice of the Pcaco for the district of Campbell Town ; Mr. Wm. Greenlaw, Cam- pania, for the distriot of Richmond ; Mr. Frederick II. Ward, Three-Hut Point, for the district of Kingnorough ; and Mr. James Coffoy, George^ Bay, for tho district of Portland. Naturalisation.-Certificates ofnaturali sation have boen authorised to bo issued ,by tue Govornor-in-Council -to two Germans and five Chinamen, residents in this 'colony. '.' /" I I j; ,r J lîxr.currVB Cous,«!*-A meeting of tho Executive Council was held yesterday, all ! tho members being present, with tho oxcop* tion of tho Chief Secretary (Mr. Mooro), I and tho Minister of Lands (Mr. N. J. Brown). v ' .> - AcOElTANCia or -sTtNllhllS FOR PüIlLIO Works.-Tho follow ing^tendors havo been accepted for public works by tho Lands and Works Department ;-Erection of gun- shed in . Macquarie strict,' Messrs. W. Waro and Son, £187 ; presses for Publie Works Do partment, Mr. D. Williams, jim., £9 each ; bridgo over Socond Tumor's Marsh, Messrs. Murray and Reid, £30 10s.; road from Tun- nack to Jericho road railway station (section 1), Mr. John Wilson, £148 10s.; road from Wynyard, Table Capo, to Hollycr River (section 1), Mr. GcorgoMoroy, £1,04G 10s.; road, Now Norfolk to Glenora (sec- tion 1), Mr. C. P. Eiszalo, £277 ; South-road, Circular Hoad, (section 1), Mr. Charles Bourke, rCSOO; road from Detention River to Stanley, Circular Head, (section 1.), Messrs. Walters and Parsons, £514 13s.; roads Upp«r Piper district (metalling Soction 21), Messrs. Bordcnlmgcn and Burns, £108 0s.; roads Parish of Wink- leigh (section 7), Messrs. Stokes andBcston, £254 10s ; road from J. MacDonald's lot through Dooley's Plains to Qunn's Plains (station 2), Messrs. Andrews and Diprose, £330 ; road from Scottsdale to Upper Ringarooma (sections 1, 2, 3, and 4 ), Mr. C. li. M. Fenton, JE2.101 ; Brauxhohn Lano (section 3.), Mr. C. B. M Fenton, £305; road from Ulverstone (Rivor Leven) to Blytho Bridgo (section 1), Mr. W. H. Cann, £08 2s. Gd. ; do. (section 2), Mr. R. i W. EIHb, £139 18s. Od. ; do. (section 3), Messrs. O'Reilly and Donohue, £232 9s. ; Stockport-road (section 1), Messrs. T. S. and R. Rutherford, j un., £101 10s. ; do. (section 2),do., £370; do. (section 3), do.,' £377 10s. ; Dunorlan-road (sootion 2), Mr. John Sullivan, £195 10s.; do. (section 3), Mr. John "Sullivan, £198 18s.; do. (section 4), Mr. John Flynn, £00 13s. 4d. Tub Miking Companies Act.-Messrs. Henry Edgell and Augustus Simson, Laun- ceston, have boen appointed official auditors under tho Mining Companies (Limited Lia- bility) Act. Mr. Francis 'BolBtcad, Laun- ceston, has been appointed to carry on tho duties of Commissioner Under tho Act hitherto porformod by Mr. John White- foord. MUNICIPAL ELECTION.-To-day the extra- ordinary election of a member of the City Council, to fill the vacancy caused by the retirement of Mr. J. G. Davies, will take place at the Town Hall. The poll will be open between the hours of 9 a.m. and 4 p.m. The candidates are Mr. Thomas Arnott and Mr. George Hiddlestone, between whom a closo contest is anticipated. A meeting of those in favour of theo candidature of Mr. Thomas Arnott for the vacant seat in the City Council was held last evening in the Queen's Arms Hotel, Harrington street. There were about 50 persons present, and Mr. J. G. Fleming was called on to preside. The chairman briefly introduced Mr. Arnott, who addressed the meeting at some length. He denied the statement that bad been made that he was the nominee of the publicans, and said if he were returned he would do his best to forward the interests of the Blue-Ribbonists as well as the licensed victuallers. (Applause. A written ques- tion was handed to the chairman, asking whether Mr. Arnott would be in favour of having the Old Market closed on Saturday afternoons, so as to give draymen and carters the benefit of the weekly half- holiday. Mr. Arnott, in answering the question in the affirmative, said he had always been an advocate of short hours. Mr. Stanley asked, if Mr. Arnott was elected, whether he would see that the rates were properly expended, and that the streets in the outlying districts received their fare share of the money allotted for repairs. Mr. Arnott said that, if elected, he would do all in his power to have the money divided fairly and justly. On the motion of Mr. Christosepher, seconded by Mr. Bell, it was unanimously agreed that Mr. Arnott was a fit and proper person to represent the city in the council. A vote of thanks to the chairman terminated the proceedings. Coraon, op Education.-Amonthly meot of tho Council of Education was held yester- day afternoon. Present : Hon. W. R. Giblin (Presidont),Hon, P. O. Fysh.Rov. J. C. Whall, Hev. R,'D. Pqulott-Harris, Mr. S. P, H. Wright, and Mr. W. Tarleton. Mr. L. Lodgo wrote intimating that his son, Mr. Frederick Lodge (Tasmanian scholar), entered as a student at the Inner Temple in January last. The following, gentlemen, wore ap- pointed tho committeo to draw up a schema of examinations for 1885, viz. :-Reva. G. P. Archer, J. C. Whall, and" R. D. Poulott Harris, His Honor Acting' Chief Justice Dobson, and Mr. T. Stephens. No other business of general interest was transacted. -Death op Another Old Colonist.-Mr. Edward Moore, whoso namo has been for years associated withtlio breeding of draught horses,! of the stannchest kind, expired at New .Norfolk on Monday, 17th inBt., in his 60th year. The deceased was identified by family ties w ith Sorell, where he served as a councillor untd compelled, by failing health, torotiro.^ Inglis time ho was a pon or in tho district ; and in his last political effort to secure tho return of the late Mr. J. A. Gunn in a hotly contested election, ho had a sunstroko, over bíx 'years ago, ' from the effects of which ho ¡ never rallied. He was known and respected throughout Tasmania, and in every country homestead ho'received a hearty welcome, as ona who, assisted by his brother John, hasubeon a benefactor to Tasmania, in the improvement of its stock of/draught horses ; tho result of thoir efforts being visible throughout Tasmania. City Police Court.-At, the City Police Court yesterday tho Police' Magistrato ' (Mr. W. Tarleton) and Mr. S. ,S. Travers,* J.P., presided. John Gldnoy,' charged with being drunk and -incapable m Harrington Btrcct, was fined 5s., with the alternative of seven days' imprisonment.*> Abraham Farrow was accused of having disturbed, tho peaco in Elizabeth-street, and pleading guilty, was fined 5s, the, option , being seven,days iu Íirison. Michael Lydcn was charged ,with laving left his cab iu Campbell street on the llthinst. without anyone being in cliargo of it, and was fined 20s. and coBts, with tho al- ternative of 14 days'imprisonment. Accused had been twico previously convicted, 'james Delaney pleaded guilty to furious driving, and was ordered to pay a fine of 20s. and costs, or go to prison ifor 14 days.-Win. Holcbrook was charged j with a similar offence. It appeared that ho and dofendant in the previous case had boon racing, their, horses iu Hlizibeth-street, and wcro driving at so rapid a rate as to cndangcr,tho lives of passengers. H6 Vas also fined '20s.J'and costs, or'in default, 14 'days' imprison1, ment. James Drew was charged with as', saulting Alfred Wiso on the 11th inst.' in the Ebenezer Chapel, Murray- street. He pleaded not guilty,' It appeared from the evidence that, on the coning in question, the Salvation Anny was holding a mooting in tho Ebenezer chapel. Defendant was there, and towards tho closo of tho proceed-, ings dcBircd to go out, but was told by the door keepor that no one was allowed to leave the meeting while the army was pray¿ log. According toi the statements of the complainant and a,witness named McVillioj defendant tried to forco open the door, but without success. A, scuffle ensued, in tho course of which Wise, who had como to ,liia comrade's assistance, was knocked down,' and kicked. r In .answer to the Police Magis- trate, all the witnesses stated that previous to desiring to jjet out defendant had not created a disturbance. ' The Police Magis- trate said the complainant had no right to prevent defendant leaving the chapel if ho wished to do so, and if the latter had con- fined himself to only using sufficient violenco to opon the door the lawwould havo justified him. But he had strack eomplainant.andcon fessed afterwards to the constable that ho had kicked him, and, therefore ho would havo to pay a fino of 20s. and tho costs,or go to prison for ono month. Australian Mütital Provident So- ciety.-By the express train this morning, Mr. Robort B. Cameron leaves for Launces- ton, en route to Adelaide, to take up the po- sition of resident secretary to the South Australian branch of the Australian Mutual Provident Society. Mr. Cameron takes with bim tho good wishes of a numerous circle of friends, and tho estimate formed of him by those with whom he has been constantly as- sociated during the six or seven years he has resided in Hobart may bo best shown by the following resolution, passed at the last meet- ing of tho local board ;-" The directors of tho Tasmanian local board of the Australian Mutual Provident Society desire to place on record their high appreciation of the manner in which Mr. Robert B. Cameron has dis- charged tho duties of resident secretary of this branoh during the past six yoars, and to express their conviction that the marked success which has attended the establish- ment of a hoard in Tasmania, and tho largo extension of the society's business in the colony, has becu'.mainly owing to the as- siduity, earnestness, and singleness of pur poso with which Mr. Cameron has devoted himself to the interests of tho society, and the courtesy, aptitude, and sound judgment which ho has shown in tho couduLt of the society's Tasmanian business, and which havo materially lightened tho labours of tho board. Thoy congratulate Mr. Camelon on his well deserved promotion, and wish him all success in his new sphere of labour," A ' copy of this resolution, handsomely engrossed on vellum by Mr. Albert Reid, will bo for- warded to Mr. Cameron. Tho clorks in tho Hobart mid Launceston effiecs took occasion jostordayto present Air. Cainoron with n very hamlsomely-bound photographio album cortiining tho portraits of tho donors, mid nn a])propriato inscription. Mr. Toan waa the spokesman on tho occasion, and acknow- ledged the pleasant iclations which had subsisted between Mr. Camelon ami them- selves during their employment in tho office, and wished him bon voyage. Mr. Cameron llorring as resident secretary of this society, bricflybut feelinglyaoknowlodged thopns n tritton. Wo noto thoappointment of Mr. Nigel vice Mr. Cameron, vv ho leaves Tasmania to take charge of tho South Australian branch. Mr. Herring is, wo bolicvo, one of tho oldost officers of this society, and Mb previous ex- perience has hcon gamed in both the colonies of South Australia and Victoria, in which places ho has for many years occupied tho important position of accountant to tho branch. The liiCUMiihNGY of Clarence -Li ac- cordance w ith tho unanimous recommenda- tion of tho Council of Patronago, the Bishop of Tasmania has made Offer of tho incum- bency of tho parish of Clarence to Rev. J. H. RlwBcll, who has been acting-inoumbont for the list four months. That goutlcman has accepted the offer, and was formally insti- tuted by the Bishop ou Monday, 17th hist. The ceremony of induction will bo performed in the parish church of St. Matthew, at Rokoby, by tho Bishop in person, on somo Sunday after his return [room tho projected v isit to Sydnoy for tho installation of tho Primate, probably tow aids the end of noxt month. A Goon Example.-Mr. R. McCrackcn has opened a now butcher's shop in tho Sandy Bay-road, at tho corner of Bath street, in which holms adopted tho cleanly plan of having a good supply of water laid on, so that alfporsonB who havo to handle meat can wash their hands,before doing so. This is an example that might well bo fol- lowed by other butchors. Thkathe Royal.-There was a very good attendance at the Theatre Royal last oven ing, to witness tho amusing and onjoyablo entertainment given by Hiscock's Minstrels. Tho prograinmo was tho samo as on tho two previous evenings, and, as usual, the efforts of the porformors were frequently encored. Mr. Horace Bent was immensely funny in his " raw" correspondent leoturo, and tho other ' numbera of tho troupo by thoir comicalities elicited roarsof laughter. Mr. Read was in good volco, and his singing was marked with tasto and pathos, To night there will bo au cnüro chango of programmo, including, besides a number pf fresh songs, twonow sketches. Mr N. La Fouillado will also play a fantasia on Scotch airs, and givo an imitation of tho bagpipes on tho violin. Looking at the at- tractions offered, and the ability of tho i minstrels, the theatre should ho well patro | nised this evoning. The management, do ! parting a littlo from usual custom, has not 1 put forth all tho best and choicest gems of tho repertoire in the first'programmo pro- duced, but has sufficient novelties in hand to mako every night' of the soason equally I attractive and onjoyablo. i Tub Heiiodian Mystery.-To-day this j exhibition will he open from li a.m., at tho j shop noxt McBsrs. Purkin and Ncphow's, in Liverpool-Btreot. Tho illusion, which was | first perfected by Professor Poppor, and Mr. i T. H. Tobin, of Polytoohnlo famo, will bo found to bo a novel and ingenious adaptation 1 of catoptrics, somewhat similar to tho spec I troscopos, phantascopes, and ghost illusions I which havo formed attractive features in Ímblic exhibitions, as affording much causo or amusod bewilderment. , i Derwest Rowing Cuni.-Tho following ! crews have boon selected for tho scratch , fours :-T. Mulcahy, G. Synott, E. Stuart, J. Colvin (Stroke) ; W. Rogers, G. Watt, C. I Goddard, J. Todd (stroke) ; F. Lovett, C. , Lewis, E. H. Webster, J. Laughton (stroko); A, Muirhead, Gus. Hudson, P. ,Butlor, T. | Robinson (stroke). The preliminary heats I for tho Malden Sculls ana Double Sculling ¡ Raco will bo rowed this ¡ evening and to- morrow at 6 p.m. Full particulars will bo i found in our advertising columns. Tho i following additional entries wero recoived yesterday:-Maidon ScuIIb : G. Hudson. Pair Oar and'Double Sculls : P. Crisp and E. T. Watchbrn.Svvimming Raco : P. Butler. Three crews havo entered for tho Occupation Race, viz.:-Messrs. J. Dillon, G. Hudson, P. Butler, W. H. Stuart (stroko); W. Cundy, H. Caldor, T.) Robinson, A. M. Stuart (stroke, both from the Civil sorvieo ; and C. Davis, A. Mitchell, C. Mylor,) A. Muirhead (stroko), representing tho ironmongers. > Donald Dinnif.,the Champion Athlete. -By the s.a. To Anau,1 which left hero yesterday morning for Molbourno, Donald Dinnio, the Highland athloto, was a passen- ger, on his way from Now Zealand, to fulfil an engagement entered into with Mr. F. E. Hiacock, to appear in Melbourne and the chief towns of Victoria in a display of his wondrous athletic, powors. In New Zealand ho has defeated all competitors, and fairly astonished tho natives, Euro- pean and Maori, by his prowess. Ho is j engaged to wrostlo w ith Professor Miller in Melbourne, and a good deal of money is likely to change hands over tho ovent. Donald Dinnio's vUit to tho colonies brings to mind a story current somo years ago concerning the champion's adopting tho rôle of a professional athloto :-His parents at first strongly objected, but after a good deal of "higgling," it was irrftngcd that if Dinnio could heat tho best, builder of stone wallB m Scotland ho should havo his own way.oHii friends sought through manya lcoguo in tlio northern counties for a cham- pion wall builder.] Tho pjace was chosen, and Dinnio provided material for tho con- test. On tho day appointed it was found that Dinnio had! provided massive stones, which he |oould'easily lift. Dinnio wont ahead, and soon finished his task, whilst tho other man was vainly toiling at tho first row, unable to lift tlieso giant loads. Ho was tlie first who jumped Oft. in height. As a sprint runner ho was famous, hut as a hurdle jumper was unmatched' in his day. Dinnio has won 14,000 pri/cS, and the display of his trophies is mado a< feature in his publioiexlubitions! I i ,:, _ Reasons io» the Australian Telegraph Failing.-Quito recently,' just when news of tho Egyptian i war campagin was most anxiously looked for, communication on tho Port Darwiu and Adolaido telegraph line was broken,,and for, somo days no cabio news came to hand. Tho ijcason for this has now transpired, tho repairing party on tho Port Darwin lino havo1 reported having found a man dead under tho lino, 120 miloB north of Peake In despair he had cut the wiro in order to bring assistance. His horso was lying dea'd alongside tho body.1 ''The''nearest water was 20 milcB distant, . ' ' Tho Hobart Amateurs' i Gardeners* and Cottagerfc* Horticultural Society's Autumn Show will bo hold on or about tho 21th prox., and not,on tho 3rd, as previously announced. A meeting of tho United Good Tomplars w ill bo hold at tho Alliance Rooms this evon- ing, to which all aro invited, especially Blue Ribbonitcs. WWo havo been, requested by Messrs. Guosdon and Westbrook to draw tho atten- tion of purchasers to tho sale of cottage piano hy Roscner, which takes placo at thoir mart Tins DAY, at 11 o'clock sharp.-[Advt] 