Irishmen in Paris. The "Times 1 correspondent has had an interview with prominent Irish agitators in Pads. He says: — "Mr James Stephers still adhere- to the principles of the I. R. II. of 1805 — that is to say, a dete-min :d struggle for Irish independence by meaus ot an armed revolution. He condemns tbe 'dynamiters,' but at the same time understands why some of his fanatical countrymen are driven by despair so to have recourse to such immoral means. 'The various dynamite factions 'n New York,' said Mr Stephens, 'are inspired and directed either by fools or by mis creants. It is possible, and even probable, thit many of these blusterers fancy they aro serving toe cause of Ireland, lly conviction is that th bitterest English Administration could not inrl'ct tn re ju-y cn our country and cause than the-e men do ' ' What will be tne result of the dynamite policy if con tinued?' ' The certain death of revolution try action in Ireland during the present generation, if not for ever. With reference to the results of the dynamite policy as regards the Irtsh in England, it will have the effect of securing, perhaps, their utter expulsion from the country, or they will be so socially ostra- csed that they will find it impossible to find employ ment anywhere. How many thousands of my countrymen were, for instance, made paupers by the Clerkenwell explosion?' Questioned as to the future, Mr Stephens replied, 'If monarchy and aristocracy could be swept out of the United Kingdom, tbe English, Scotch, and Irish might fcrm a Federal Republic, with incalculable ad vaut ige to each of the three peoples. If England, however, were a republic to-morrow, 1 myself wou'd not ac cept her laws for my own country, unless the Irish Republic were equally free and independent.' Mr Stephens, in conclusion, does not consider what is called constitutional agitation an efficacious instru ment for winning bck Irish independence. An equally interesting account is also given of inter views with Mr John O'Leary, wbo said that the uje of dynamite was at once criminal and inexpedient; and with Father Hogen, who did not think that ex plosions would do any good to Ireland." _ We learn by the arrival of the s.s. Melbourne, from Xonmea, that the French man-of-war D'Estrces w is fittrng out to convey to France M. de.la Birriere, Governor of Xonmea, who is retiring. He wid be succeeded by M. Lebouchere, bnt Colonel Bourgey is to be Acting-Governor until his arrival. The last rumour about Mr Gladstone (who, says a Lordon correspondent, is probably more lied about tl.an any living person) is that be is out of his mind. Etrange to say there is really some oxcuse, though of course, no foundation for this gossip. IteporterB have been hanging about Coombe Warren like touts in the neighbourhood of a racecourse, and they have beaid Mr Gladstone carolling the songs of his youth like a skylark in the shnbberies. Of course, this teemed a little eccentric, but it is explained by the fact that his physician bad directed him to exercise his vccal powers in the open air. As a result of Gen. Gordon's appea' for £'200,000 to aid him in the Soudan, Sir Edward Watkin wrote to the "Daily Telegraph": — "lam not a million- caire ; if I were I would gladly pay the £200,000 General Gordon asks for, satisfied if thereby I could remove from my country tbe humiliation banging over ns. But if tbe ' Daily Telegraph,' either alone or in concert with the London Press at large, will open a subscription, I shall be very bappy immedi ately to pay to the treasurer £1000 as tlie contribution of a hard working man." A movement is oil foot (the 'Daily Xews ' says) to enlist a body of volun teers, some two hundred strong, to go to the relief of General Gordon. The idea originates in a high social circle, and it is understood that volunteers are to be able to subscribe their quota of the cost of the expedition. The Secretary of State for War is, in the first instance to be asked to sanction the undertaking bnt his refusal (not unanticipated) is not to be accep ted as a bar to carrying it out. Tbe case of Finney v. Cairns (Garmoyle), which is the action brought by Miss Fortescue against Lard Gaimoyle for bieach of promise of marriage, is No, 583 in the printed list of actions set down for hearing dur ing the ensuing Easter sittings. It is about the 120th special jury case iu the list, hut it is very probable that it will not be readied until the Trinity sittings in June, Mr Charles Russell, Q.C., M.P., who has been retained us leading counsel for the plaintiff, was also offered a retainer ou behalf of the de fendant, but had to decline it, as lie had already ac cepted the retainer of the former. Lord Girtnoyle, after staying in Egypt for some weeks, left for India. Respejtiug Mr aud Mr3 Frederick Marshall, Mr Eievwright writes to the " Argus" of Saturday : — " I am desired by the committee aud trustees of the Marshall Fund to inform you that, according to the recommendation of Mr Marshall's medical advisor, i will be necessary to send him to some mouutaiuoc< nistrict in this colony, ir. order, If possible, to cur: him of the illness under which he is at present suf fering. Meanwhile his wife, who is lying danger ously ill with typhoid fever at her residence at St- Kilda, will also have to be cared for. Mrs Marshal is incapacitated from attending on her husband, an I the circumstances under which they arc at present placed necessitate imuedinte relief being given them out of the subscriptions already in tho hands of the trustees. The trustees, consisting of Messrs Wybert Bteve, George Gordon, and myself, have undertaken to see that all moneys will be judiciously expended on Marshall's behalf, and that he will be properly cared for, bnt we feel that the amounts already promised will not go very far to provide for his proper comfort during the period which it is intended he will be kept in the country j The latest novelty in domestic circles is the issuing of the annonncement of a birth in the form of a caite-de-visite. at the head of which is a vignette of : the (mother, the photo'd copy of the notice in the ' first column of the " Times being .immediately be low. j It is not generally known that the eldest 'daughter of the present Lord Lytton has taken np the family Een, and allhongh only abont 14 or 15 years of age as already printed and published, for private cir- cnlation, one of the most blood-cnrdling ghost stories that has seen the light for many a long day. " St. Stephen's Review " recently issued its " Prim rose Number," the head of each column being en riched by an aphorism from some speech or work by the Earl of Beaconefield. The cartoon is a spirited one, entitled " Primrose Day." It represents the statne of the deceased Earl at Westminster receiv ing homage from representatives of various peoples of India, Africa, Ac., and snpported from behind by the shades of other great statesmen of the past, while rushing with a terrified look from tbe scene is the present Prime Minister. Mr Ernest Gye writes to the papers to say that there is no truth in the story respecting Madame Albani and himself having been threatened with ar rest by tbe police at Antwerp, which was given as current news last week. The whole affair is said to be an nntrnthfnl fabrication. A correspondent of the Drawer in "Harper's Maga zine " is involved in domestic perplexities. He writes : I cot acquainted with a young widow, who lived with her step-daughter in the same house. I married the widow ; my father fell, shortly after it, in love with the step-daughter of my wife, and married her. My wife became the mother-in-law and also the danghter-in-law of my own father ; my wife's Btep-daughter is my step-mother, and I am the step-father of my mother-in-law. My step mother, wbo is the step-daughter of my wife, has a boy ; he is naturally my step-brother, because he is the son of my father and of my step-mother ; but because he is the son of my wife's Btep- daughter so is my wife the grandmother of the little boy, and I am the grandfather of my step-brother. My wife has also a boy ; my step-mother is consequently ! the step-sisier of my boy, and is also . bis grandmother, because be is tbe child of her step- ' son ; and my father is the brother-in- law of my son, i becanse he lias got bis step sister for a wife. I am I the brother of my own son, who is the son of my ! step mother j I am the brother- in-law of my mother, ' my wife is the aont of ber own son, my son is the crandson of my father, and I am my own grand father. 