SlS'lMRS OF. MERCY. ; " Blessed!'are' the, merciful; for7 they shall obtain iriercy." : This is a beautiful characteristic of the subjects of the king dom of heaven, as declared by its Heavenly Ring. And nowhere on earth has inercy its natural home more truly than in the heart of woman, especially of a Christian woman. ""--v '' The kingdom of Antichrist is the 'exact counterfeit of the kingdom' 'of Heaven; and the depth and subtlety of Papal Anti christ is shown in the marvellous' f skill with which it seizes on every true p'fSi- ciple of grace or of nature, and so perverts and misapplies them as. to render Ahem instruments of evil; working ruiri to man kind. ' ' We love to loek on deeds of mercy, arid we love them inost when they are wrought by woman's geitle hand. Must, we' not, therefore, delight to see those5 females who move aboi't among the abodes of1 the poor, as if oi errands of benevolence, bearing the a/tractive title of " Sisters of Mercy ;" aridiriust we not think well of the system vhich provides and eiriploys such' kindly visitors to alleviate human suffy-ing P Such is the design arid ex pectation <f Popery ; and that - she has bee.k ati'ri'.y successful is but too eviderit fro-r and/ -"J e8 bestowed on the " Sisters 0f tave himj jjQci 8imiar agencies of 'the -N';'?d "f/stem, by unreflecting' Arid delU'1 "vrotestants. "''V But ievlis inquire more closely into the subject, ad ascertain the true character and conseuences of the system, everi'-ih this its rost- attractive and seemingly benevoleri aspect. The wble Papal theory respecting works of lercy rests upon thd uriscrip- tural priiiple, that such' works are works of merit, ind that the persons 'who do them desrve the favour of God. Yet, what our'jord says is,. that the merciful are bleed, because they shall7 obtain mercy. Iheir blessedness consists in what thoireceive, not in what theyyive. The very 'ord mercy excludes the idea of merit. Ivour, approbation, love, ' aire ' due toririfc; but mercy is shown in sparing tl guilty. There is, therefoild, both oppctiori to Scripture arid selfJcori- tradiction i the Papal theory1 that 'works ; of- mercy 3 works of merit; '.'Butith'ere ; 'is agracis arid holy harmony 'in' the Scripture inciple that whori' Go'd'merei- ' - '"/i fully, through Christ, forgives men their trespasses, He teaches them also to for give those who trespass against them — to be merciful because they have received mercy. Daily they become the more fit recipients of God's daily mercy and abounding grace, and the more kindly diffusera of that mercy on all around them, like sweet flowers diffusing frag rance most when softened with the dews of heaven. AH this the Papal theory reverses. The " Sisters of Mercy" are taught not to de pend on God'b undeserved mercy, but on their own good works. Their charitable deeds are done, neither from pity to the suffering nor from love to God, but as .the price paid for salvation to themselves. The principle from which their workB of mercy spring is self ; the result to which they tend is self-righteousness. It seeks neither good to mankind nor glory to God ; but a relief from guilty fears, and from dreaded purgatorial sufferings, and a; self-righteous plea of merit, on which to claim admission to future happiness. Ab the aim of this system is inconsis tent with grace, its plan is inconsistent with nature. Where love dwells, mercy has! its home. Love dwells in the heart of woman, fitting her naturally for the loving and merciful duties of the mother and the nurse. But the " Sister of Mercy " must undergo a special training before she can be fit for her peculiar duties. She may be a high-born, cultiva ted, refined, and delicate maiden, bright as a sunbeam, loving as a dove, gentle as a dewy violet, and glowing with the most sensitive emotions; yet she must begin her course of training by abandoning Her .parents and her home, by yielding her whole being to the absolute will of ano ther, and by assuming the plainest and even coarsest attire, which she must not change till it be worn to shreds and infested with vermin ; she must submit to the meanest drudgery in the most menial offices ; she must toil beyond her strength, .spent with fastings, and watchings, and penances, till the fatigue and languor of exhausted nature have either reduced her to; imbecility, incapable of thought, or will, or action of her own, or hardened her to unfeminine severity and sternness —qualifying her to become, in due time, ,a Lady Superior, a female tyrant, with artifically mild voice, but heart of stone and will of adamant. Then, in the former and most common case, when she has been reduced to such a state of broken hearted tranquility, without uiiud or con science, she is fitted to become a " Sister of; Mercy." At the command of her Superior she can put on her grave attire, and , moye about with silent step, and ghost-like gliding motion, and pale cheek, and, downcast eye, among the dwellings of want, and immorality, and disease, bestowing there the alms which it is her mechanical function to convey. .Poor wreck of crushed womanhood! H/er sunken eye brightens not with looks ;of love ;. her dead heart feels no throb of .genial humanity ; no sympathy has she with a mother's joy or an infant's crow ing gladness ! Swathed up in her ascetic .vows, she is a living mummy, holding in her open hand what haB teen put there as the price of her admission into heaven. She gives ; but not in mercy, or for mercy's sake. She gives; — nay, Bhe but 'bartera her own crushed heart, and weary, woe; worn life and womaihood, for a de lusive dream of future rest. And yet such victims of Papal cruelty and deceit are , delusively designated " Sisters of Mercy!" ,But this is not all ; this it not even the .worstpffect of the system. Thereds no Wisdom, no discrimination, 10 he/thful influence in the charity so belosyr On the contrary, encouragement pJtreeW to idleness, to improvidence, tgf"t jase spirit of lazy dependence, a;./;' ! Ar.ypo- crisy, in those who indolently 'Sst to the, regularly-offered alms. jTAe inevit able, tendency is to produce ail foster the .very poverty which such charty pretends to. .relieve. The unhappy / Sisters of Mercy" cannot wish to s« dependent poverty elevated to independat industry, for . that would diminish theirpwn source of', traffic, wherewith to purctse heaven. Thpiir superiors, especially thi priesthood prtHeir directors— do not wisjfco see their iiflle., dependants- reduced incumber, for .that , would diminish their opular in- jfiuence. The poor themsehs have no wish for a higher condition, t they are 'kept in ignorance, poverty, .epenaence, ana Bubmissiveness to a sysin which at .once flatters, and fosters, al degrades them. Social ruin is the iiritable con sequence of such a system. , : , The truth of this has hn, and is, .abundantly proved by facts. Why is not only Naples, but every citpf. Italy, so fearfully overrun with crowds Lazzaroni ? Why is beggary so prevalei throughout I all the Papal countries of Europe ? Why is the Popish peasantry of Ireland so deeply sunk in poverty ? Because in all these cases the populace have been trained to depend, not on their own energies and industry, but on the mis named and blighting charity of the Con ventual system. History has illustrated this truth. When the Monasteries and Nunneries were suddenly abolished in England at the time of the /Reformation, vast multitudes of their idle dependents were at once thrown on the nation, ignorant, unaccus tomed to work, and exposed to starvation. This was prevented by the institution of that unwise poor-law under which Eng land still groans. The system of educa tion then instituted in Scotland trained her poor to intelligent industry, and saved her for centuries from that oppressive burden. But Ireland's Conventual sys tem fosters Irish poverty, and pours it like a wasting inundation into Britain, tending to reduce her labouring classes to similar degradation and misery. Such is the result of that system de ceptively administered by the deluded and deluding " Sisters of Mercy.". Protestant women ! you alone can be true Sisters of Mercy! Tou, whose hearts are full of experienced love and mercy both of grace and of nature, — of nature, cherished in your own households, and among the sweet humani ties of parental and filial love, — and of grace, which teaches you that, having re ceived mercy through the merits of the adored /Redeemer alone, it is equally your duty and your delight to imitate the example and to follow the steps of Him who went about doing good. /Be true Sisters of Gospel Mercy. Comfort the suffering poor ; instruct the ignorant ; rouse the indolent to active, honest in dustry; so shall your true mercy, be stowed in scriptural wisdom, be doubly blessed ; in those who give and those who receive, to the welfare of mankind, and to to the glory of God and His redeeming grace. 