OPSNING OF TEE SALVATION ARMY BARRACKS. Mejor Birker same to Ballarat on Sturday for the purpon of opalling the above- named barrack, a description of which appaared in our issue of Saturday. At 2.30 p m. a procet- aiun wai farmed ait ha new barrack* inXittle. Bridge.itreet. aod'it. proceeded from thenoa to the railway station to meet Major Barker. At the latter place it waa joined,by the Major and Cullipgwood brari band, who were wel comed to Ballarat in a few appropriate words by Captain Maddigao. The Major, in a wag gonette and four, then beaded' the procession, which wended its way from the station, down Ly'diard street, -up Hair street as far as the Hospital, down Drummond street and the, south side side of Sturt street into Bridge street; turning into the barracks by way of Peel and Little Bridge streets. Large crowds of people were waiting io Sturt street for the Army to pass, sod.fur some dbtance round-the new ball iu Little Bridge street the spot wae crowded with people eager to get in to sea the ceremony. The halt was fall up with as'many persona es it could possibly bold, and on the platform were Major - Barker; Hr Flint, Staff Officer Holman, Key. J. F. Horsley (chief of etaS], Captain's Piiillips and Maddigao, and Staff Officer Morgan; then behind those just mentioned were about -200 soldiers; on the left side of the platform was the band, ba toned by Sergeaot-Mej-'r Baib, and the right aide waa.(oil of children, while the aisles were' looked after by the sergeanttmajorand sergeants. .The ceremony commenced by .the band play* ing “ Work, for the night 'is coining,” which was followed by 'tbo singing of the 78tb hymn, “We are marching on.!’ Major Barker; Rey. J. F. Horsley,' and other gentlemen bo the platform engaged in prayer, and then the 278 Mi hymn was sung, •* There is n fountain filled with blood." The-Rev. J. F. Horsley before rea'diog the 2nd Chronicles, sth chapter/ said ha was very glad to be with them, and he; was sore that many would be converted iu the new building. Major Barker then delivered a abort address in wnicb be said,, that since his connection with ' the Salvation Army, he had never met with a warmer lot of Christiana ‘than in Ballarat, and that they bad ft warm place in bis heart. The building altogether would cost about £l5OO, and they had paid £BOO, in addi tion to the £3OO for the Uod, in hard cash, and they now wanted about £500;- He then said In the name of God, and of the Father, and of the Sip, and of the Holy Ghost, and of General Booth, I declare this building to be open for the salvation of men and women ” Several other hymns were sung, and addresses given by many members of the Army, and the ceremony terminated abeut 6 p;m. ' 