BRIAN" OF MUNSTER : THE BOY CHIEFTAIN. [By E. S. Brooks, in St.. Nicholas.] Into that picturesque and legend filled section of Ireland now known as County Clare, where over rocka and boulders the Shannon, "noblest of Irish rivers," rushes down past KtUaloe and Castle Gonnell to Limerick and the sea, there rode one fair summer morning, many many years ago, a young Irish lad. The skirt of bis parti-colored lenn, or kilt, was richly em broidered and fringed with gold; his mar or jacket, close-fitting and silver trimmed, was opened at the throat, displaying the embroidered lenn and the twisted collar o£ gold about his sturdy neck, while a deep purple scarf held the jaoket at the waist. A gleaming, golden biQOQh secured the Iqng plaid shawl, that drooped from his left Bhoulder; broa^ brace lets encircled his bare and curiously tawPOed arms, and from an odd-lookiog golden spirit at the back of his bead his thick and dark redbair fell in flowing ringlets upon his broad shoulders, Raw-hide shoes covered his feet, end his bronze shield and short war-axe hung conveniently from his saddle of skins. A strong guard of pikemen and galiow glasses, or beavy-armed footmen, followed at bis pony's heels, and seemed an escort worthy a king's son, A strong-limbed, cleanly-built lad of fifteen was this sturdy young horseman, who now rode down to the Ath na Borumma, or Fori of the Tribute, justabove therapids of the Shan non, nearthetown of Killaloe. And as hereined in his poDy, he returned and bade his herald, Logoran, sound the trumpet-blast. It was to announce to the clan of Cas the return, from 5J?y®B.rs of fosterage, of the young flaith, or tbeson ot KeQnedy'KiQg ,er® the ftrong-lungcd Cogoran could wind his bom, the hearts of all the company grew numb with fear as across the water the low clear strains of a warning-song sounded from the haunted greyctone—the my 3tic rock of Carrick- lee—that overhung the tumbliutr rapids " Never yet for fear of loe, By the ford of K'llaloe, Stooped the crests of heroes free Boas o{ Cas by Carrick-lee, " Falls the arm that amices the foe. By the ford of Kiliaioe; Chilled theheait that bonndeth free. By the rock of Caxiick-lee. " He who knows not fear of foe. Feaifi the ford of Killaloe; Fears the voice that chants his dree From the rock of Carrick-lee." Young Brian was full of the superstition of bis day—superstition that even yet lives amid the simple peasantry of Ireland, and peoples rocks and woods and streams with good and evil spirits, fairies, sprites, and banshees ; and no real native Irish lad could fail to tremble before the mysterious song, Sorely troubled he turned to Cogoran enquiringly, and that faithful retainer said in a rather shaky voice— "'Mb your warning song, O noble young chief. 'TiB the voice of the banshee of our clan—of Carrick-lee." Just then from behind the haunted grey reck a fair young girl appeared, tripping lightly across the large stopping-stones that furnished the only means of crossing the ford of Killaloe. "See—see!" said Cogoran, grasping his young lord's arm; " she comes for thee. 'lis thy doom, O master!" " So fair a ghost should bring me naught of grief," said young Brian stoutly enough, though it must be confessed his heart beat fast and loud. " O Spirit of tho Waters 1" he exclaimed, " O banshee of Clan Cas! why thus early in his life dost thou come to summon the son of Kennedy the King!" The yonng girl turned startled eyes upon the group of armed and warlike men, and grasping the skirt of her white and purple lenn, turned as if to flee—when Cogoran, with a lond langh, cried out "Now, fool and doable fool am I—fife brother to Sitric the blind! Why, 't is no banshee, O uoblo young chief, 'tis but thy foster-sister, Eimer, the daughter of Conor, Eim6r the goldcn-hair6d!" "Nay, is it so?" said Brian, greatly re lieved. " Come to us, maiden; cooie to us," be said. "Fear nothing; 'tis but Brian, thy foster-brother, returning to his father's home." The girl swiftly crossed the ford and bowed her golden head in a vassal's welcome to the yonng lord. " Welcome home, oh brother," the said. " Even now, my lord, thy father awaits the sound of thy horn as he sits in the great seat beneath his kingly shield. And I " "And thou, maiden," said Brian, gaily, "thou must need3 lurk behind the hauuted rock of Carrick-lee to freeze the heart of young Brian at his home- coming with thy banshee song." Eimer of the golden hair laughed a ringing laugh. "Say'at thou so, brother ?" she aaid™ "Does the 'Scourge of the Danes' shrink thus at a maiden's voice ?" "Who calls me the 'Scourge of ths Danes' ?' asked Brian. " So across the border do they say that the maidens of King Callaghan's court call the boy Brian, the son of Kennedy," the girl made answer. " Who faces the Danes, my sister, faces no tender foe," said Brian," and the court of the king ot Cashel is no ladiea'tkall in these hard striking times. But wind thy horn, Cogoran, and crosB we the ford to greet the king, my father." Loud and clear the herald's call rose above the rush of the rapids, and as the bay and his followers crossed the ford, the gates of the palace, or dun, of King Kennedy of Thomond were flung open, and the band of welcomes, headed by Mabon, Brian's eldest brother, rode out to greet the lad. Nine hundred years ago the tribe of C*3 was one of the most powerful of the mauy Irish clans. The whole of Thomond, or North Munster, was nnder their sway. When the clans of Munster gathered for battle, it was the right of the Clan of Cas to lead in the attack, and to guard the rear when returning from any invasion. Ic gave kings to the throne of Monster, and valiant leaders in warfare with the Danes who in the tenth century poured their hosts into Ire land, conquering and destroying. At the period to which our sketch refers, the head of this powerful clan was Cennedigh, or Ken nedy, King ot Thomcnd. His son Brian had, in accordance with an old Irish onstom, passed bis boyhood in " fosterage" at the court of Callaghan, King of Cashel, in East Munster. Brought up amid warlike scenes, where battles with the Danish invaders wera of frequent occurrence, young Brian had cow at fifteen completed the years of his fcatership, and was a lad of strong and dauntless courage, cool and clear- headed, and a firm foe of Ireland's scourge—the Danes. The feast of welcome was over. The bards had Bung their heroic songs to the accompani ment of the cruot, or harp; the fool had. ployed his pranks, and the joggler his tricks, and the chief bard, who was expected to be familiar with " more than seven times fifty stories great and small," had given the best from his list; and as they sat thus in the great hall of the long, low-roofed house of hewn oak that scarcely rose above the stoat eartbern ramparts that defended it, swift mes sengers came bearing news ot a great gather ing cf Danes for the ravaging of Munster and the plundering of the Clan of Cas. " Thou hast come in right fitting time, ob, son!" said Kennedy the King. " Here is need of strong arms and stout hearts. How say ye, noble lords and worthy chieftain ? Dare we face in fight this, so great a host?" But &b; chiefs and counsellors were discuss ing the king's question, advising fight or flight, as they deemed wisest, young Brian sprung into the assembly, war-axe in hand. " What, fathers of Clan Cas," he cried, all aflame with excitement, " will ye stoop to parley with hard-hearted pirates—ye, who never brooked injustice or tyranny from any king of all the kings of Erin—ye, who never yielded even the leveret of a hare in tribute to a Dane! 'Tis for the Clan of Cas to de mand tribute, not to pay it. Summon our vassals to war. Place me, oh, King, my father, here at the Ford of the Tribute ana bid me make test of the lessons of my foster ship. Know ye not how the boy champion, Cuthuliin of Ulster, held the ford for five long days against all the hosts of Conuaught? What boy bath done, hoy may do. Death can come but once?" (To be concltided in our next.) 