THOUGHTS THAT BREATHE. i By " Portia."] And jnst the blame; for female innocence, Not only flies the guilt, but shows th' offence. Hojikhcs. Is the reaction setting in which causes female crime to be rather a tiling to be com miserated than set up as an object of just horror? To be sure the unfortunate female was made to bear an unjust proportion of the ignominy of her original oti'ence, while the Qther no less guilty party escaped. Vet it looks very like madness to hold women or girls up as martyrs when some heinous otFence is committed by them against society while nothing is done .to divide the responsibility, socially, morally and criminally. After the maudlingsentimentsexchangedoveralatenotable case, it is no wonder that infanticide has been repeated, and child desertion practised with a little more show of an increased trust in a gentle though tickle public, and so it will he ever as a sequence to every illtimed and illjudged excess of sympathy, as well as a too severe qud partial condemnation. \Ye have not heard of any reaction setting iu when Melbourne audiences had their mindsd is abused of that unique notion that the real bona ride General Sheridan was about to give his personal experiences of campaigns and men, with other things thrown iu, such as undoubted Yankee versions of things which would require unlimited credulity to take in even by the most credible. It was all a little mistake. Oue lecturer is only brigadier-general in the samr cause, and brevity being the soul of wit, the telegraphic operators, willing to show their acquaintance with the application of the mean ing of the phrase, just wired the unknown on as General Sheridan, and so made him famous and placed a curious people on the tip-toe of expect ation by this witless brevity for which they a.re so remarkable. But the curious pqrt of it all is that tiio metropolitan prints still glory in per petuating tho little farae and simple people who cannot conceive two General Sheridaiis in the flesh, feel a little mixed on the subject, and it would be no great wonder if they very soon began to doubt the fact of the American war, and the real existence of the real Genera! Sheridan. One would be disposed to think it would be as ditlicult to doubt the real genius of Master Ernest Hutcheson, and yet tell it not iu Gath, there are individuals who think nothing of this child's remarkable talents, which if they have not the stamp of genius that latter must he reserved for the Gods alone. " A clever child, clever child, but not likely to come to much; too precocious," and yet what a rare power of expression those baby fingers of Master Ernest have, and what a wondrous memory and a brilliancy of execution ; and all this without any outward show of that stereotyped talent which we are familiar with. Indeed 'it would not be quito wioe to predict the height and depth of Dr. Torrance'.? pupil's genius when he arrives at an age to exhibit it in a more eccentric manner than he does now in his purely child like manner, but it is certain he will never need a long lock a la ICetten or a Grecian bend be tween the shoulders to give him the air of the maestro. If he be wise, he will leave all that old fashioned nonsense foe legs' (Ifstjnguighed mprtalg. It is very pleasant to reflect though that this wonderful child's talents were so highly ap preciated here as to secure for him a full house and such a discriminating audience. Comments from young people might be heard to the effect that he might get spoiled by too much laudation, and hopes were expressed that he would avoid the common fault of talented people to look upon praise as their just due, and blame or advice with scorn or contempt, but when the recital was over tho feats of the latter good-natured individuals must liave fled as it must have dawned on them that there is as great a gulf between talent and genius, as there is space between the earth and sky. That a successful female B. A. from our uni versity should allow herself to be shown up as snch and nothing more, to be patted 0!j tho «ho\lld?r as it were, and patronizingly advised to go on and climb higher' the ladder of learning, etc., ota., ia rather a peculiar use to put private attainments to. No doubt Miss Bella Guerin, of Ballarat, 13 entitled to all dis tinction and honor, but I should very mnQh doubt whether it waq to he introduced to Sir Henry and Lady "Ijooii in an art gallery, simply as tho wondrous young lady who haa been the first to take her degrees. Why, we had just the same kind of introduction while the Governor and suite were here; and- Sir Henry expressed himself equally pleased to be so made acquainted with the oldest colored gentleman of the district and enjoys life in a generally useful capacity at the "Shamrock." But tastes differ, and some people's dreams of ambition are easily fulfilled. And yet our experiences are not always equal to our expectations ; or it may be we expect too much, and are consequently easily disappointed. Therefore do we raise our eye-brows when we hear that our law students at the University have been desecrating the shades of learning with the plaintive but unsympathetic mowings of a number of kittens (history does notsay how many), and other foolish frolics, for which they are, spared a whole term of lsarning, and per haps if many of them were spared the whole finishing course their loving country would be none the worse. But that is not the question; " boys will be boys " is too old and stupid a say ing, but it seems more stupid to have the aid of Parliament called in to keep the law students in order, and if the professors cannot put down by the enforcing of strict rules and laws such pranks it would seein almost time they mastered this very rudimeutary part of their duties. Evi dently the offending youths have not yet learned to distinguish the time to study and the time to play, and perhaps a few of those moral pre cepts which form the bone of contention in our state schools would not be quite thrown away if persistently devoted to the improvement of these ought-to-be very wise if not very good young men. Spiritism is having a fresh time of it in New Zealand, notably Wellington, but strange to say, the same old games, the same old tricks, and the same peculiarities; and really only > ne new feature is connected with this outburstfrom ghost-land, and that is the striking fact that the buxom medium of the usual type is given to deal blackeyes while under the influence to any resisting biped who may be inclined to grasp too much, and Eome say the newspaper reporters come in for some of the rude handling. No doubt their faith is not so whole as desirable for a successful performance. It has been often said that the power of the spirit to paint the unoffending orbs of unhappy wives has been often exemplified in the police courts, but the spirits seem to have turned the tables, no doubt in cynical revenge, bygivingtheirfemale medium the power to retaliate. Evidently there are spirits as well as men fully impressed with strong ideas on the women's rights question. It may be almost deemed a settled thing to have a third bishopric established in Victoria, since the subject has been taken up so warmly and by such enthusiastic supporters. Evidently the feeling is gaining ground that Bishop Moor house is burning the candle at both ends in our spiritual interests, and there are plenty of lov ing and appreciative hearts unwilling to stand by and see the sacrifice without doing all pos sible to lessen the labor and auxiety of the bis hop, and thereby prolong his usefulness. It will astonish the world if, after all the just ap preciation which is heard on every side of the wonderful talents we would conserve, money does not pour in as it did when an appeal was made for famine-stricken countries, for we have a spiritual famine in our midst, which the Bishop of Melbourne fund is established to relieve, and surely the appeal as well as for the third bishopric will not bo in vain. That general favorite everywhere—Miss Emilie Melville—is on the point of leaving for India, and one can only say that we shall not look on her like again—at least in her particu lar line—for evidently she gained the goodwill and respect of both sexes, which is the grand secret of her success, for she, like Taglioni, played and acted not alone to catch the fickle applause of men, but to please women, anil it may be gratifying for her to kuow that she has been appreciated by her own sex quite as much as by the other, which should be an incentive to others to follow the purity of her example, and by being true to themselves gain the honest applause of good men and women. 