"I SAY NO;" OR THE LOVE-LETTER ANSWERED By WILKIE COLLINS. [Published by special atrangement with the author. All rights reserved.] BOOK. THE FIRST.—AT SCHOOL. Chapter I.—The Smuggled Supper. Outside the bedroom the night was block and still. The small rain Sell too softly to be heard in the garden; not a leaf stirred in the air less calm; the watchdog was asleep, the cats were indoors—far or near, under the murky heaven not a soul was stirring. Inside the bedroom the night was black and still. Miss Ladd knew her business as a school mistress too well to allow night lights; and Miss Ladd's young ladies were supposed to be fast asleep, in accordance with the rules of the house. Only at intervals the silence was faintly disturbed, when the reBtless turn ing of one of the girls in her bed betrayed itself by a gentle rustling between the sheets, In the long intervals of stillness not even the softly audible breathing of young creatures asleep was to be heard. The first sound that told of life and move ment revealed the mechanical movement of the clock. Speaking from the lower regions the tongue of Father Time told the hour before midnight. A soft voice rose wearily near the door of the room. .It counted the Btrokes of the clock, and reminded one of the girls of the lapse of time. "Emily—eleven o'clock!" There wa3 no reply. After an interval the weary voice tried again, in loader tones. "Emily!" A girl whose bed was at the inner end of the room sighed under the heavy heat of the night, and said, in peremptory tones, " Is that Cecilia?" "Yes." " What do you want 2" " I'm getting hungry, Emily. Is the new girl asleep?" The new girl|answered, promptly and spite fully, "No, she isn't." Having a private object of their own in view, the five wise virgins of Miss Ladd's first class had waited an hour, in wakeful anticipa tion of the falling asleep of the stranger—and it had ended in thiB way! A ripple of laughter ran round the room. The new girl, mortified and offended, entered her protest in plain words. "Yon are treating me shamefully! You all distrust me, because I am a stranger." "Say we don't understand you, Emily answered, speaking for her schoolfellows; " and you will be nearer the troth." . "Who expected yon to understand me, when I only came hereto-day? I have told you already my name is Francine de Sor, If you want to know more, I'm nineteen years old, and I come from the West Indies." Emily still took the lead. " Why do you come here ! " she asked. " Whoever|heard of a girl joining a new school just before the holidays ? You are nineteen years old, are you ? I'm a year younger than you—and I have finished my education. The nert big girl In the room is a year younger than me— and she has finished her education. What can you possibly have left to learn at your age? "Everything!" cried the stranger from the West IndieB, with an outburst of tears. "I'm a poor ignorant creature. Your education ought to have taught you to pity me instead of making fun of me, I hate you all. For ghame, for shame 1" Some of the girls laughed. Ono of them— khe hungry girl who had counted the strokes pf the clock—took Franoine'a part. " Never mind their laughing, Miss de Sor. Yon are quite right; you have good reason to complain of us." lwrtm de Sor dried her eyes. " Thank you '^whoever you are," she answered briskly. "My name is Cecilia Wyvil," the other proceeded. " It was not, perhaps, quite nice of you to say you hated us all. At the same time, we have forgotten our good breeding— and the least we can do is to beg your pardon," This expression of generous sentiment ap peared to have an irritating effect on the peremptory young person who took the lead In the room. Perhaps she disapproved of free trade in generous sentiment. "I can tell you one thing, Cecilia," she Bala; you shan't beat me in generosity. Strike a light, one of you, and lay the blame pQ me If Miss Ladd finds us out, I mean to shake bands with the new girl-^-and how can I do it in the dark ? Miss de 8 or. my name's Brown, and I'm queen of the bedroom, I—■ not Cecilia—offer our apologies if we have offended sou. Cecilia is my dearest friend, but I don't allow her to take the lead in the room. Oh, what a lovely night-gown!" The sudden flow.of the candlelight had re* vealed Francine sitting up in her bed, and displaying auoh treasures of real lace over her boaom_ that the queen lost all sense of royal dignity in irrepressible admiration. ' Sevenand sixpence," Emily remarked, look* log at her own nightgown, and despising it. One after another the girls yielded to the attraction of the wonderful lace. Slim and plump, fair and dark, they circled round the new pupil In their flowing white robes, and arrived by common consent at one and the same conclusion;" How rich her father must be!" Favored by fortune in the matter of money, was this enviable person possessed of beauty as well? In the disposition of the beds, Miss de Sor was placed between Oeoilia on the right hand, and Emily on the left. If, by some fantastic turn of events a man—say, in the Interests of propriety, a married doctor, with jv!? 1° look after him—had been per* nutted to enter the room, and had been asked what he thought of the girls when he oame out, ho would not even have mentioned Francine. Blind to the beauties of the ex pensive nfghtgowD, he would have noticed her loog upper lip, her obstinate chin, her sallow complexion, her eyes placed too close together—and would have turned his atten* tion to her nearest neighbors. On one side, bis languid interest would have been In* atantly roused by Cecilia's glowing auburn hair, her exquisitely pure skin, and her tender blue eyes. On the other, he would have discovered a bright little creature, who would have fascinated and perplexed him at one and the same time. If he had been questioned about her by a stranger he would have been at a loss to say positively whether she was dark or light. He would have remembered how her eyes had held him, but he would not have known of what color they_ were. And yet she would have remained a vivid picture in his memory when other impressions derived at the same time bad vanished. 'There was one little witch among them who was worth all the rest put together; and I can't tell you why. They called her Emily. If I wasn't a married man " There, he would have thought of his wife, and would have sighed and said no more. While the girls were still admiring Fran cine the clock struck the half-hour past eleven. Cecilia stole on tiptoe to the door—looked Out and listened—closed the door again— and addressed the meeting with the irresis tible charm of her sweet voice and her per* sussive smile. ''Are none of you hungry yet?'' she en quired. "The teachers are safe in their rooms; we have set ■ ourselves right with Francine. Why keep the supper waiting under Emily's bed?" Such reasoning as this, with such personal attractions to recommend it, admitted of but one _ reply. The queen wav6d her hand graciously and said, "Pull it out." Is a lovely girl—whose face possesses the crowning charm of expression, whose slightest movement reveals the supple symmetry of her figure—less lovely because she iB blessed with a good appetite, and is not ashamed to acknowledge it? With a grace all her own, Cecilia dived under the bed and produced a basket of jam tarts, a basket of fruit and sweetmeats, a basket of sparkling lemonade, and a superb cake—all paid for by general subscription, aud smuggled into the room by kind connivance of the servants. On this occasion the feast was especially plentiful and expensive in commemoration, not only of the arrival of the midsummer holidays, but of the coming freedom of Miss Ladd's two leading young ladies. With widely different destinies before them, Emily and Cecilia had completed their school life, and were now to go out into the world. The contrast In the characters of the two girls showed itself even in such a trifle as the preparations for supper. Gentle Cecilia, sitting on the floor sur rounded by good things, left it to the in genuity of others to decide whether the baskets should be all emptied at once or banded round from bed to bod one at a time. In the meanwhile her lovely blue eyes rested tenderly on the tarts. Emily's commanding spirit seized on the reigns of government, and employed each of her schoolfellows in the occupation which she was fittest to undertake. Miss de Sor, let me lookat your hand. Ah! I thought so. You have got the thickest wrist among us; you shall draw the corks. If you let the lemonade pop, not a drop goes down your throat. Efiie, Annis, Priscilla, you are three notoriously lazy girls; ifs doing you a truei kindness to set you to work. Effie, clear the toilette-table for supper; away with the combs, the brushes, and the looking-glass. Annis, tear up that old newspaper, and set Che pieces out neatly for dishes and plates. Ho; I'll unpaok; nobody touches the baskets but me. Priscilla, you have the prettiest ears ( to the room. You Bhall aofc as sentinel, my ■ dear, and Us ten at the door. Cecilia, when you have done devouring those tarts with your eyes take that pair of soiisors—(Miss de Sor, allow me to apologise for the mean manner to which this school is carried on; the knives and forks are counted andlockedup every night)—I say, take that pair of scissors, Cecilia, and carve the cake, and don't keep the krgest bit yoiirself, Are we all ready? Very well. Now take example by me. Talk as much as you.like, so long as you don't talk too loud. There is one other thing before we ! begin. The men always propose toasts on I these occasions; let's be like the men. Can any of y ou make a speech ? Ah, it faUs on me, as uaua]. I propose the first toast. "Down with all schools and teachers—especially the new teacher who came this half year. Oh. mercy how it stings!" The fixed gas in the lemonade took toe orator at that moment by toe throat, and effectually checked toe flow of her elo quence. It made no difference to toe girls, Excepting the case of feeble stomachs, who cares for eloquence in the presence of a ?uPPer-tab|a ? There were no feeble stomachs in that bedroom. With what inexhaustible energy Mies Ladd's young ladies ate and !, ^°J?me"uy they enjoyed toe de ughtiul privilege of talking nonsense ! And -alas! alas! -how vainly they tried in after, lue to renew the once unaUoyed enjoyment of tarts and lemonade! In the unintelfigible scheme of creation, there appears to be no human happiness— not even the happiness of school girls—which is ever complete. Just as it was drawing to a close, the enjoyment of toe feast was inter rupted by an alarm from the sentinel at the door* « the ?£ndiep«scilla whispered. "Somebody on toe stairs." Chapter II.—Biography in the Bedroom The candle was instantly extinguished, in discreet silence the girls stole back to their beds, and listened. As an aid to the vigUanoe of toe sentinel, too door had been left ajar. Through the narrow opening a creaking of the broad wooden stairs of the old house became audible. In another moment there was silence. An interval passed, and toe creak tog was heard again. This time the sound was distant and diminishing. On a sudden it stopped. The midnight silence was dis* turbed no mere. What did this mean? Had one among toe many persons in authority under Miss Ladd's roof heard tha girls talking, and ascended the stairs to sur prise toem to the act of violating one of toe rules of the house ? So far, such a proceeding was by no means uncommon. But was it within the limits of probability that a teacher should alter her opinion of her own duty halfway up toe stairs, and deliberately go back to her room again? The bara idea of such a thing was absurd on the face of it. What more rational explanation could In genuity discover on the spur of toe moment ? francine was the first to offer a suggestion. « £,l £0k an£ shJvered to her bed, and said,. ItoaU"888 4110 Cfta(iIea&aln;! ''Clea? away toe "upper, you fools, before toe ghost can report us to Miss Ladd," With this excellent advice Emily checked the rising panic. The door was closed, the candle was lit, all traces of the supper disap peared. For five minutes more they listened again. No sound oame from the stairs; no teacher, or ghost of a teacher, appeared at the door. Having eaten her supper, Cecilia's im* mediate anxieties were at an end; she was at leisure to exert her intelligence for toe benefit of her schoolfellows. In her gentle, in granating way, she offered a composing sug gestion, When we heard toe creaking I don t believe there was anybody on toe stairs, in these old houses there are always strange noises at night—and toey say toe stairs here were made more than two hundred vears since." J The girls looked at each other with a sense of relief, but toey waited to hear the opinion of the queen. Emily, as usual, justified the confidence placed to her. She discovered an ingenious method of putting Cecilia's sueees. tion to toe test. . " Let's go on talking," she said. "If Ceoilia is right, the teachers are all asleep, and we have nothing to fear from them. If she's wrong, we shall sooner or later see one of toem at the door. Don't be alarmed, <je Sor. Catching us talking at night, in this school, only means a reprimand, Catching us with a light ends in punishment. Blow out the candle." Francine's belief fa the ghost was too sin cerely superstitious to be shaken. She started up to bed. " Oh, don't leave me in the dark! I'll take toe punishment, if we are found out." "On your sacred word of honor?" Emily stipulated, " Yea—yes. ,,^6 queen's sense of humor was tickled. There-s something funny," she remarked, addressing her subjects, "in a big girl like this coming to a new sohool and beginning with a punishment. May I ask if you are a foreigner, Miss de Sor 1" "Mypapa is a Spanish gentleman," Fran cine answered with dignity. "And sour mamma ?" "My mamma is English." "And you have always lived in the West Indies?" "I have always lived in the island of San Domingo." Emily checked off on her fingers the dif ferent points thus far discovered in the character of Mr, de Sot's daughter. " S ae's ignorant, and superstitious, and foreign, and rich." "My dear (forgive the familiarity), you are an interesting girl—and we must really know more of you. Entertain the bedroom. What have you been about all your life? And what in the name of wonder brings you here? Stop! Before you begin I Insist on one condition, in the name of all the young ladies in the room. No useful information about the West Indies!" Francine disappointed her audience. She was ready enough to make herself an object of interest to her companions; but she was not possessed of the capacity to arrange events in the proper order necessary to the recital of the simplest narrative. Emily was obliged to help her by means of questions. In one reBpect, the result justified the trouble taken to obtain it. A sufficient reason was discovered for the extraordinary appearance of a new pupil on the day before the school closed for the holidays. Mr. deSor'a social position at San Domingo had been (to use his daughter's words) the position of "a small planter—too poor to send to France or England for a governess." The mother's health was delicate; and the mother's interest centred in her only other child—a son, born in the later years of her married life, From first to last, Francine (in her own opinion) had been shamefully neglected. Six months since the prospects of the family had been changed for the better, on the death of a bachelor relative. Mr. de Sor's brother had left him one of the fiaest estates in San Domingo, and a fortune in money as well, on the one easy condition that he continued to reside in the island. The question of expense being now beneath the notice of the family, Francine had been sent to England, specially recommended to Miss Lsdd as a young lady with grand pros pects sorely in need of a fashionable educa tion. The voyage had been so timed, by ad vice of the schoolmistress, as to make the holidays a means of obtaining this object pri vately. Francine was to be taken to Brigh. ton, where excellent masters could be ob tained to assist Miss Ladd. With six weeks before her, she might in some degree make up for lost time; and, when the school opened agaiD, she would avoid the mortification of being put down in the lowest class along with the children. The examination of Miss de Sor having produced these results, was pursued no further. Her character now appeared in a new, and not very attractive light. She auda ciously took to herself the whole credit of tell wg her story. "I think it's my turn now," she said, " to be interested and amused. May I ask you to begin, Miss Emily. All I know of you at present is that your family name is Brown," Emily held up her hand for silence. Was the mysterious creaking on the stairs making itself heard once more? No. The sound that had caught Emily's quick ear came from tbo beds on the opposite side of l,r? ,r0DmJ occupied by the three lazy girls, With no new alarm to disturb them, Annie, and Priscilla had yielded to the com posing influences of a good supper and a warm night. They were fast asleep—and the fattest of the three (softly, as became a young lady) was snoriDg! The unblemished reputation of the bed room was dear to Emily, in her capacity of queen, • She felt herself humiliated in the presence of the new pupii, "If that girl ever gets a sweetheart," she said indignantly, "I shall consider it my duty to warn the poor man before he marries her. Her ridiculous name is Euphemia, I have christened her (far more appropriately) Boiled VeaL No color in her hair, no coior in her eyes, no color in her complexion. In short, no flavor in Euphemia, You naturally object to snoring. Pardon me if I turn my at her " 50U—I am going to throw my slipper The soft voice of Cecilia—suspiciously drowsy in tone—interposed in the interests of mercy. can't help it, poor thing; and she really isn t loud enough to disturb us," u-l.Slle won'A yoih at any rate! Rouse yourself, Cecilia. We are wide awake on this side of the room—and Francine says it's our turn to amuie her." A low murmur, dying away gently in a sigh, was the only answer. Sweet Cecilia paa yielded to the somnolent influences of the supper and the night. The soft infection of repose seemed to be in some danger of communicating itself to Francine. Her large mouth opened luxuriously in along-continued " Good night," said Emily, ^ Miss de Sor became wide awake in an instant. " No," she said positively;" you are quite mistaken if you think I am going to sleep. Please exert yourself, Miss Emlly—I am waiting to be interested." Emily appeared to be unwilling to exert herself, bhe became interested in the weather. "Isn't the wind rising?" she said. \- !Tete co,uld b® no dQ1*bt of it. The leaves in the garden were beginning to rustle, and the pattering of the rain sounded on the wi net owPi (?s h.er "toigM cbin proclaimed to all students of physiognomy) was an obati nate girl. Determined to carry her point, she tried Emily s own system on Emily her self—she put questions. "Have you been long at this school 1" "More than three years." "Have you got any brothers and sisters?'' "I am an only child." " Areyourfather and mother alive?" Emilyauddenly raised herself in her bed it again "* minute'" she said ? "I think I hear "Thecreaking on the stairs ?" "Yes/' Either she was mistaken, or the change for the worse m the weather made it not easy to hear alight noises in the house. The wind was still rising. The passage of it through the great trees in the garden began to sound like the fall of waves on a distant beach. It drove the ram—a heavy downpour by tbia time—rattling against the windows. 'Almost a storm, isn't it?" Emily said. Francine's last question had not been answered yet. She took the earliest oppor tunity of repeating it— " Never mind the weather," she said. Tell me about your father and mother. Are they both alive ?" Emily's reply only related to one of her parents* "My mother died before I was old enough to feel my loss." " And your father ?" Emily referred to another relative—her fathers sister. t| "Since I have grown up,"she proceeded. y §®odlaunfc.baa been a second mother to me. My story is in one respect the reverse of yours. You are unexpectedly rich; and I am unexpectedly poor. My aunt's fortune was to have been my fortune, if I outlived her. She has been ruined by the failure of a bank; in her old age she must live on an in come of a hundred a year, and I must get my own living when I leave school." persisted* ,0Ur fatlier can belP yoa,"Francine " His property is landed property." Her ♦i?1*6! 88 sbe r®f«rred to him even in that indirect manner. "Ifc i3 entailed; his nearest male relative inherits It." The delicacy which is easily discouraged was not one of the weaknesses in the nature or i.< rancine. . "P° I understand that your father is dead t see asked* Our thick-skinned fellow-creatures have the rest of p at their mercy—only give them time and they carry their poiiit in the end. In sad subdued tones, telling of deeply-rooted reserves of feeling seldom revealed to strangers, Emily yielded at last. „ y®*' "fleBaid, " my father is dead." .Long ago? "Some people might think it long ago. I was very fond of my father. It's nearly SSn nw l and ™y beart still aches when I think of him, I'm nofc easily depressed by troubles, Miss de Sor. But his death was sudden —he was in his grave when I first heard of lt-and Oh, he was so good to me; he was so good to me I" The gay, high-spirited little creature, who tx»k the lead among them all-who was the life and soul of the school—hid her face in her hands and burst out crying* Startled and—to do her justice—ashamed, Francine attempted to make excuses. Emily's generous nature passed over the cruel persis tency that had tortured her. " No, no, I have nothing to forgive. It isn't your fault Other girls have got mothers and brothers and sisters—and get reconciled to such a lois as mine. Don't; make excuses." "YeB, but I want you to know that I feol f?.r Francine insisted, without the slightest approach to sympathy in face, In!fe?0#tmanniwi, " When my uncle died, awtf? u® aj1 tb® money, papa was much shocked. He trusted to time to help him." Time has been long about it with me, Francine. I am afraid there is something perverse in my nature; the hope of meeting again in a better world seems so faint and so fpaway. No more of it now! Let us talk of that good creature who is asleep on the other tide of you. Did I tell you that I must earn my own bread when I leave school? Well, Cecilia has written home and found an employment for me. Not a situation as governess—something quite out of the common way. You Bhall hear all about it." In the brief Interval that had passed the weather had begun to change again. The wind was as high as ever; but, to judge by the lessening patter on the windows, the rain was passing away. Emily began. She was too grateful to her friend and schoolfellow, and too deeply interested in her story to notice the air of indifference with which Erancine settled herself on her pillow to hear the praises of Cecilia. The most beautiful girl in the school was not an object of interest to a young lady with an obstinate chin and unfortunately-placed eyes. Pouring warmly from the speaker's heart, the story ran smoothly on to the monotonous accom paniment of the moaning wind. By fine de« grees Francine's eyes closed, opened, and closed again. Towards the latter part of the narrative Emily's memory became, for the mcment only, confused between two events. She stopped to consider, noticed Erancine's silence in an interval when she might have said a word of encouragement, and looked closer at her. Mis3 de Sor was asleep. " She might have told me she was tired," Emily said to herself quietly. " Well, the best thing 1 can do is to put out the light and follow her example." As she took up the extinguisher the bed room door was suddenly opened from the outer Bide. A tall woman, robed iu a black dressing-gown, stood on the threshold looking at Emily. {To be continued) 