THE DAILY NEWS THURSDAY, DECEMBER 11, 1884 The next Criminal Sessions promise to be rather heavy, as no less than thirteen persons (twelve men and one woman) are now confined in the Perth gaol awaiting trial. Cheering reports have been received as to the harvest in the Eastern districts, the hay, which has been very abundant, has been put in stack, and it is generally believed that the yield of wheat will far exceed that of last year. At the Albion Hotel yesterday another pigeon-shooting match took place, during which there was some very fair shooting and a number of birds were bagged. Another match has been fixed for Saturday, next, and one for next Wednesday. The special attention of our readers is directed to the valuable properties enu- merated in Messrs. Fienberg and Rogers' announcement in another column, particu- larising some of the most valuable blocks in Perth and Fremantle, all of which will be placed under the hammer by those gentle- men on Wednesday next. Last Monday evening Professor Schwarz gave one of his excellent variety entertain- ments in the Mechanics' Institute at Guild- ford. The Hall was crowded to the ut- most of its capacity, and the large audience was highly delighted with the evening's amusement. Next Saturday the Professor will proceed to York, when he will make a tour through the Eastern Districts. It is a rather peculiar fact that some years ago a ship named the "General Good- win" arrived at Fremantle from India, bringing fifteen convicts to this Colony. Out of that party two have since then been executed in Perth, and now a third man, John Duffy, is confined in the Perth gaol awaiting his trial upon a charge of wilful murder.. At Mr. Morrison's land sale yesterday, Perth town lots X 33, 34, and 35, near Claise- brook, were disposed of to Mr. J. Bateman for £229. Moss's property, at the corner of Mill Lane, was purchased by Mr. W. Lawrence for £410. Mr. Carr's Guildford property, lots 149 and 150, were knocked down to Mr. W. B. Wood for £147. Dr. Waylen was the purchaser of Guildford lot 179, at the price of £41. A special meeting of the City Council was held at noon yesterday, when several tenders were opened. For the contract to supply 200 cubic yards of stone, the tender of W. Baker, of Fremantle, was accepted at the rate of 5s.10d. per yard. The tenders for supplying the water carts were consider- ed to be too high, and consequently none were accepted ; it being decided to let the matter stand over for the present. For the erection of an additional office to the Town Hall, and for making certain improvements, the tender of Mr. Findlay was accepted, the amount being £95. Fortunately business has been very slack in the City Police Court during the present week. Yesterday the inevitable Victor Regina was brought up on the usual charge of drunkenness. The man told the old, old tale, " Me not drunk, Massa, bad colonial boy vex me, and me me cross." The time honoured excuse was again accepted and the prisoner was discharged with a caution. Henry Corbett was charged with having behaved in a disorderly manner in Welling- ton-street on Tuesday last, but as the man satisfactorily explained that the supposed offence had arisen out of a mistake, he was also discharged. We hear that the unfortunate young man Douglass, who was recently sentenced to six months' hard labour for having embezzled a few shillings he received for tickets on the Eastern Railway, is suffering from the re- sults of rather a peculiar injury he has received. It appears that the prisoner was set to breaking stones, and that being unac- customed to manual labour the jarring of the hammer set up acute inflammation in both hands. The result was that suppur- ation set in between the muscles in the palms of the hands, and consequently Douglass has been quite unable to do any work for the last month. \- Thus, some of the best material (i.e-fruit) fitted by nature in the first instance only awaiting the skill of the chef de cuisine or the equally skilled hand at the manufacturer, is lost, because, either the hand that is capable of converting it from its raw state to the cooked, is too inert or the energy is wanting for the transformation and utilisation of it for the needs of the consuming public." It is in such euphonistic language as this that our daily provincial contemporary alludes to the cooking of a jam tart! Oh! ghost of a penny-a-liner! A few days ago one of our sapient con- temporaries gravely suggested that the settlers would do well to turn their atten- tion to supplying the Indian market with wheat. ? Considering the fact that our settlers are unable to produce in quantities sufficient to supply the inhabitants of this Colony, and that consequently we are com- pelled to import wheat from South Austra- lia, and the absurdity of the suggestion made is clearly apparent. This, by the way, was about equal to the advice the same journal gave to the youth of Western Australia, when it seriously urged upon them the advisability of instituting an Archaeological Society. Unfortunately the writer did not point out any cheap and expeditious means of importing a few ruin- ed castles and old towns from the Old Country, so that the Society mright have something to work upon when established. The ship Berengaria, on- a voyage from Melbourne to Sunderland, whose total loss off the coast of Essex was reported by wire a few days ago, had a rather checkered career from the outset. She was launched as recently as the beginning of 1882, and towards the end of that year she accomplish- ed in safety a voyage — her maiden one — to Melbourne, but in entering Port Phillip Heads, a bad landfall having been made and & fog coming up, the ship stranded near Point Lonsdale, close by where the ship Sussex was lost some twenty years ago. The weather at the time being fortunately fine, the ship was soon got off by adopting the expediency of jettisoning a large quan- tity of valuable cargo, and it was found afterwards on examination in dock that she had sustained no damage whatever. Such being the case the Steam Navigation Board of Victoria were unable to formulate any charges against the master for what was apparently gross carelessness and error of judgment. The master was allowed by the owners to continue in his command; he made a more successful voyage to Melbourne last year, and again this year also, and it was upon this the third, and, unhappily, last voyage, that this fine ship, of some 2000 tons register, went down, it is suppos- ed, with her captain and nearly every other soul on board. The Australasian telegraphic business transacted with Europe and the East during 1883 was of the value of £251,277. In all 21,771 messages, of an aggregate value of £128,529, were transmitted from the colonies; while the number received was 21,563, of the value of £122,748. The following figures indicate the business transacted by each Colony, the numbers including the messages forwarded both ways: — South Australia, 6,418, £35,507; Victoria, 13,468, £81,224; Tasmania, 632, £2,832; New South Wales, 13,303, £77,856; New Zealand, 6,608, £39,975; Queensland, 2,317, £11,592; and Western Australia, 588, £2,288. Grand total of number of messages, 43,334; grand total of receipts, £251,277. In connection with the subject of telegraphic communication between England and Australia, the Hon. John Douglas, C.M.G., ex-Premier of Queens- land, in the course of an address in the Merchant Hall, Edinburgh, on Oct. 10, on "Imperial Federation from an Australian point of view," he is reported to have said "That on federal union principals, they should have another telegraph cable across the Pacific to San Francisco, or from Perth, in Western Australia, via the Cape, to Plymouth, with a tariff at the rate of 1s. a word. The cost would be two or three-millions; but if her Majesty's Government would find a third of the cost, and lay the cable, the Australian Governments would find the rest." The Tichborne Claimant was released on Oct. 29, after having undergone a term of penal servitude extending to 10 years and 8 months for perjury, in having, as found by the jury, falsely declared himself to be Sir Roger Charles Doughty Tichbone, Bart. He was removed with the utmost secrecy from Portsmouth Convict Prison to Penton- ville Gaol by the last train on the 19th Oct., and was released the following morn- ing at 10 minutes past 9 o'clock. There was little demonstration. He was met by Mr. Quartermaine East and an officer of the Criminal Investigation Department. They at once drove to Scotland Yard in a four-wheeled cab, which was waiting to receive them. After the usual formalities had been gone through, the Claimant drove away. He intends, it is said, to remain quietly in London for the next few days, under an assumed name. A house in Hamp- shire has been engaged for him and his family. He and his friends have prepared an address to the electors of Great Britain and Ireland, signed "R. C. D. Tichbone," in which he speaks of the injustice of his imprisonment, which was determined upon before he was tried, and positively arranged for in writing before the verdict was given. The spleen and malice which concocted the conspiracy against him pursued him even within the walls of Dartmoor Prison. He complains of the harshness and rigour of his treatment for the first four years of his im- prisonment, and he says that had it not been for the great interest the public took in him he would not now be living. He speaks of the hypocrisy of Parliament, and promises that at the public meetings he proposes to address he will show how and by what instruments, and for what pur- poses, both sinister and otherwise, he has been prevented from obtaining redress. He accuses officers of the Crown, from the high- est to the lowest, of using forged letters, packing the jury, bringing false witnesses from abroad of the most loathsome charac- ter, of fabricating documents, of altering records, of suppressing valuable evidence in his favor, of paying and keeping witnesses out of the way, of putting spies on his coun- sels papers, and threatening his witnesses. He says that in every page of the chief judge's summing-up spleen and bias could be observed; and he also accuses the authorities of keeping Arthur Orton out of the way in Australia. He delivered his first address in St. James's Hall, London, on Oct. 29. Yesterday the teachers and scholars of the Fremantle Wesleyan Sunday School took advantage of the opportunity afforded them by the marriage of Mr. J. A. Hicks and Miss M. Wearne, to present the bride and bridegroom with a beautifully illumi- nated address of congratulation, together with, a handsome whatnot and music stool, as tokens of their respect and esteem. Miss Wearne has been a most indefatigable teacher in the Sunday School during the last three or four years, while Mr. Hicks has filled the position of Secretary during the same period of time. As the newly-wedded pair will reside in Perth for the future, the Fremantle school will sustain a severe loss in its staff of teachers. At St. George's Hall this morning a meet- ing of creditors in the estate of Mr. David Gray was held, at which there were present a large number of the principal business- men in the City. Mr. Grave, of the W.A. Manufacturing Company, presided over the proceedings, during which, it was proposed to liquidate the estate by arrangement. Mr. Gray offering to find a guarantee to pay five shillings in the pound, by bills at three, six, and nine months. All present, with the ex- ception of one creditor, agreed to the pro- posal, and it was ultimately decided to post- pone the meeting until 3 p.m. tomorrow when the matter will be definitely decided. The liabilities are set down at £3000, and the assets to £750. Teamsters had better be more on their guard for the future than they seem to be at present, as they appear to be ignorant of the fact that, when they are riding on their drays, the law obliges them to have the reins in their grasp. This morning two teamsters, named Parker and Martin, appeared before the Police Magistrate to answer to the charge of having been riding on the shafts of their drays in Adelaide Terrace last Tuesday, without holding the reins in their hands. The men frankly ad- mitted the offence, but stated that their horses were extremely quiet and docile animals. Mr. Leake very properly pointed out that serious accidents might be caused by such negligence, and after stating that he would deal with such breaches of the law with much greater severity for the future, fined each of the defendants 1s., together with 5s. 6d. costs in each case. 