BUEIED ALIVE. Of all the horrible aud appalling calamities that can befall mortal man, we can imagine none - more ghastly than that of being buried alive, and well authenticate 1 records have placed beyond a doubt that it has occasionally liappened. The case of the lady whose ring,, cut from her finger by midnight violators of her tomb, was the means of saving her from a dreadful fate, has been oflen told. Her son, the eminent Dr. L , born many years after his mother had been buried, was the phjsician and friend of the family of the writer, one of whose earliest recollections is hearing the story from the lips of an aged relative, while forming one of a group of small listeners gathered around and hanging with 'bated breath on the narration. Children love to have the same stories told over and over again in the same words. They like to know what is coming—to watch with thrills of ex pectation for every detail. And these details, graphically given by one who had them from the very actors in. the scene, were weird an.i vivid. The vault at midnight—the cutting of the finger—the ghastly terrors of the ruffians, when the dead woman sat up in her coffin and blood began to flow—the familiar knock coming to the house-door in the dead of the night, heard by terrified maids, who, thinking their mistress's ghost was there, buried their faces, tremblingly, in their pillows. The bereaved husband, lying sleepless in his grief, heard it too, and started at the sound. " If my dear wife were not gone," he thought,!t I should say that was her knock •" and when more faintly, it again smote his ear, rising at last and going to the door, hs was confronted .by the resuscitated woman. All tills was listened to with an interest intensified by the fact of its being true. A similar coincidence respecting this event is that an exactly similar story is recorded in the annals of the family of fcne Earls of Mount- Edgi-umbp. In them we read that the mother or Richard Edgcumbe, created first Baron in 1742, being at the time young and childless, died, apparently, at their seat, Cothele, near Plymouth. She was buried with a yaluable ring on her finger; and the cutting of this off by violators of the tomb, as in the case of Airs. L , restored her to consciousness. Five years afterwards, she gave hirth to a son. In the year 18E8, a remarkable instance of buryiug alive occurred at Cambray, in France. M. Marbois, a farmer residing at Sisoy, in that neighborhood, had reared a large family, and acquired, by his industry and good con duct, wealth and consideration, so that he was chosun principal churchwarden of his parish, and appointed deputy-mayor. He had lived in harmony with his family, until the subject of a marriage his eldest son wished to contract became the cause of a quai'i'el,and brought on fierce disputes between liim and his children. Marbois was a man of violent passions $ op - position made him frantic; and on one occa sion, when the dispute ran higher than usual he became so infuriated that he rose up and ^pronounced a fearful malediction upon his family. No sooner had the words passed his lips than hia whole frame suddenly collapsed ; his face grew livid, his eyes fixed, his limbs stiffened, and he fell to the ground. Medical aid was called in; but all pulsation had ceased. . Soon ilie body became cold, and his death was decidedly pronounced—the cause, a stoppage of fbe heart's action, produced by violent excitement. This occurred on the 13th of January j and on the 16th the interment took place. There had been a severe frost, and the extreme hardness of the ground prevented, the grave from being properly dug. It was therefore left shallow, with the intention of deepening it when thaw should coma. By the 23rd the ground became sufficiently softened-, and men were set to raise the body and finish the grave. On lifting the coffin, they fancied that they heard a sigh, and on listening attentively, they fouud the sounds of life repeated. Breaking open the coffin, aud perceiving that faint actions of pulsation and respiration were going on to.a certain extent, the men hurried off with the body to the house of the parish doctor, by whose efforts Marbois was at last restored to con sciousness. When the resuscitated man was able to re call what had taken place he became over whelmed with contrition, regarding the fate from which he so narrowly escaped as the deserved punishment of his sin. He sent for the clergyman of Sisoy, whom he entreated to mediate with his children, expressing Viia anxiety to make his-peace with them and to recal his malediction. The result was a return to mutual understanding, and the | re-establishment of harmony in the house j hold. j The distinguished physician, Sir Henry j Marsh, used to describe an event which occurred at the beginning of his medical : career, many years before he had reached the | eminence to which he afterwards attained, j He was called in by the family doctor—a country piactitioner—to attend upon Colonel S ; , struck down suddenly by apoplexy. The fit was a severe one. All efforts to save the sick man proved unavailing; he never rallied, and at the end of a few days, to all appearance, breathed his last. On the mom ing of the funeral, the two medical atten dants deemed it right, as a last attention to go and take leave of the remains of their patient before the coffin was screwed down. The family doctor, a jovial florid personage, on whom professional cares eat lightly, had been a friend, an'd ofttimes boon-companion of the deceased. A bottle of port and glasses stood on a table near the coffiu. | " Ah, my poor friend ! " he said, pouring out a bumper and tossing it off; " this was his favorite drink. Bare wine, too. He knew what was good, and never spared it. Many a generous glass we have had together. III drink another to his memoryhe cried ; and another, and another followed, until the wine rapidly gulped down, and at so un wonted an hour, began to-tell upon the man, and make his eyes glisten and his speecli grow thick. Why should you not pledge me now for the last time?" exclaimed the excited doctor while he approached the corpse, and, to Sir Henry s inexpressible disgust at such revolting levity, pressed the glass to the pale lipB. The contents went down the colonel's ; throat! j Sir Henry stood amazed ; his eyes, which he was turning away from the unbecoming spectacle, were riveted on the corpse. The jovial doctor, sobered in a moment, staggered back, "Can a dead man drink?'* he cried. " Give him more—more!" exclaimed Sir Henry, recovering his presence of mind and seizing the bottle. A tinge bo slight that only a medical eye could have detected it, began faintly to suf fuse the white face. The doctor tore away the shroud and placed his hand upon the heart. There was no movement; but they litted the body out of the coffin and pro ceeded 11 adopt the measures proper for re suscitation. Meanwhile, the hearse stood at the door ; the funeral guests were asstmbling outside— carriages arriving; while within, all was. commotion and suspense—servants hurrying to and fro, fetching hot bricks, stimulants, as restoratives, in obedience to the doctors* commands ; the latter plying every means skill could devise to keep the flickering spark, of life from dying out; and the startled family, half paralysed by the sudden revul sion, standing around, gathered in anxious,, silent groups. Breathlessly they watched for tidings. For a long time the result seemed doubtful doubtful whether the hearse before the door, the gaping coffin, the graveclothes lying, scat tered about and trampled under foot, all the grim paraphernalia of death, hastily discarded in the first wild moment of hope—might not yet be needed to fulfil their mournful office.. But no!: Breath, pulsation, consciousness, were slowly returning. Colonial H was given hack to his family and home, filling again the place that it was thought would know him no more: And not until five and twenty years had passed away after that memorable morning were h>"s friends summoned—this time to pay him the last tribute. A young officer returned from China re lated, apropos of burying alive, the following experience. ,cOn our passage home," he said, " we had in the transport, besides our own troops, a large draft of French soldiers. Disease soon broke out among the closely packed men, and deaths were of daily occurrence. The French dealt summarily with their dead. As soon as-a poor fellow had breathed his last, fee was stripped, a twenty-pound shot t?ed to his heels, and his body thrust through a pori hole into the sea. John Bull's prejudices re-* belled against such rapid proceedings. When we lost any of our comrades, they were al lowed to lie for twelve hours covered with the Union-jack, and the burial service was read over them before they were committed to the deep. One day a French sergeant, who had just fallen a victim to the pestilence', was brought up on deck in the sheet in which he had died, to be thrown overboard. The twenty- pound shot had been fastened io his feet and the sheet removed, when, in pushing him through the porthole, he was eaught by a protruding hook or nail at the side, and stuck fast. A few more vigorous thrusts sent the body further through ; and in so doing, the flesh was torn by the hook, and blood began to flow. The attention of the by standers was attracted to this, and, moreover, they fancied that they saw about the corpse other startling symptoms. "The luan'f. alive!" flew from mouth to mouth. In an instant, willing hands were pressing eageilv to the rescue, and before the body could touch the water it was eaught. and brought up on deck. ° The French sergeant was one of the sound est men on bo ird the transport-ship when we landed. -Exchange. A patent iron coffin dealer advertises that any one who usas his invention once will never use any other. An Irish editor says he " pan see no earthly reason why women should not bo allowed to become medical men." 