To Ooe REABEB8.— Owins to the pressure of advertisements, and the illnsss of one of our reporting staS, w« must ' apologise for any shortcoming in thiB \- week's issue. - Ths ATXOENEY-GBKKttiii. — We under 'f~ stand that there is no foundation in the report that Mr. J. W. Downer, Q.C. {Attorney-General) is to be appointed a judije in the place of Mr. Justice .iniimm. B&BoasA.; Fabmkes Uniox.-^BTj «pme \- means or other the report, of tbJ^tnee'aS lield oa Monday last was refio^W toa late fur Insertion this week. '' \ r CovaBEOATiovAi, CHrjBCH.-^-0n Sunday Bpecial services will be held in the Con gregational Church, Gawler, conducted by the Rev. B. N. Fernie, of Kapunda'. The collection will be devoted to the Manse and Church Fund. , Ehtebiaikmhnt.— On Wednesday even ing the Gawler Band of Hope held their annual entertainment in the Institute. There was a huge attendance and the report showed a very satisfactory state of affairs, Songs, recitations, and addresses were delivered during the evening by members of the band. Baptist Church.— On Sunday, Feb 24, the anniversary services of the Baptist Church will be conducted by the Rev. Allen Webb of North Adelaide, and on the following day a lecture will be delivered by the Rev. gentleman in the Institute Hall. Thb Gawiee Tramway.— Me Jas. Peek is the successful tenderer for the haulage of the tramoar and trucks on the Gawler Tramway. If Mr. Peek gives the same amount of satisfaction as Messrs Graves' have done in the past there will be no cause for complaint, but rather the con trary. MxssiKG. — On Wednesday last the patients and friends -of Dr. Salkeld were surprised to find him new est} the surgery being-closed. It was afterwards found out that the medico had taken passage to the other colonies, leaving many sorrow ing friends behind him. keceivbd. — we nave received tne jsew Zealand Government Land Gude. It is full of verv useful information to intend ing selectors. Besides giving the quality of the land to be taken up in each district it gives the general character of the land. A similar publication would prove of immense service in South Australia. Extbrtaenment. — On Monday evening next Lawfcon and Dearin's Federal j Comiques will appear at the Institute Hall. Mr. Lawton was with the Hiscock's ; Federal Minstrels and bears a splendid -reputation in his line as does also Mr. Dearin. The other members of the Company are all well-known performers and a treat may bs anticipated on Mon day. A Lady's Wish. — 'Oh, how I do_ wish my skin was as clear and as soft as yours!1' said a lady to a friend. 'You can easily make it bo,' answered the friend. 'How?' inquired the first lady. 'By using Hop Bitters, that makes pure rich blood and blooming neaitn. it cua k ior me, as you observe.' Read. Ghosts. — During the past week a veritable ghost appeared to a farmer near the Lower Light. He went out after dark to give his horse a feed, and while doing so he states that a man naked, with the exception of a pair of boots, jumped up and administered two or three smart kicks to him, and then disappeared. The poor farmer said afterwards that it looked like a man who had a grudge againBt him, bat his neighbors are of opinion thai he ran up against one of the horses, who, resenting the intrusion, gave him a kick or two to make him more careful in the future. St. ? Gbobge's Bazaar. — We would draw the especial attention of our readers to the bazaar to be held on the 13th of March in -aid of the building fund of St. George's Church. The main object of the bazaar is to finish off the building by the erection of the. tower, &c.; As will be seen by the advertisement in another column, subscriptions either in money or goods will be received by the Committee, who, for some time past, have been hard at work making many useful and ornamental atticles, besides collecting money, &c.; Our Mrs. Harris has some thing to say on this matter iu another column. V/ATHOMU .DA&AA.K;,. ? \JU iU^OUajf JttOli tt bazaar was opened by Mr. Easton, at Mallala, in aid of the funds of the Catholic Church recently erected there. .Notwith standing the heat of the day, a large number of persons, some coming from a long distance were present. The stalls were prettily arranged and were presided over by Mesdames D Easton, Campbell, aud Mclven, and assisted by a number of young ladies, whose activity and per suaaiveness earned many to part with a pound or two. Iu connection with the Bazaar was an art union stall presided over by Mrs. Matthews (has been one of the prime movers in the whole affair from the first) assisted Father Byrne. It would be invidious to particularize aiy-.still or stall keeper where all were so good, all the former being very energetic, and the stalls extremely wall arranged. Tke Taxation Bul Rejected. — The Legislative Council on Wednesday made short work of the Taxation Bill, which causedso many heart-burnings aud so much wrangling in the Assembly, and which occupied so many weeks before it at last got into the Council as a compromise measure. The Commissioner of Public Works moved the second reading last week, and on Wednesday the debate was resumed with, considerable viguor. Some speakers would have none of the Bill on any terms. They twitted the Government upon the complacence they showed in not going to the country on the original Land Bill and the original Taxatiou Bill Those who supported the measure reserved the right to modify it in Committee, but they never had the opportunity, for the ill starred Bill was rejected on division by 10 votes to 9, A somewhat amusing scoue lately occurred .at a meeting of the Wallaroo Board of Advice. According to the Wallar-'o Times a miner was summoned to appear before the board and explaiu the reason why his son, a boy twelve years of age, had not been attending school. The mother appeared, and stated that it was her fault the boy had not beeu attending, and with all due deference to the board she did not intend that he should go to school, as it was essentially necessary that she should have his earnings. — ' For,' said she, ' I have ten children, and only one man.' On its being gravely pointed out by one. of the members that that was all that was allowed in this country, the good woman explained, that in that respect she was -juite satisfied ; but that her quiver being so well filled, she could manage very well to expen-J. the earnings of two men. Under ordinary circumstances there i« little doubt the Roard, after having its authority set at defiance, would have taken legal proceedings, but the thorough honesty of the parent -( softened the board,' and led to a satisfactory arrange ment being arrive at. An old jl/uqjinator— a monk of the middle 