NAN'S CHOICE. Chapter X. — The Fibbt Wedding in Centrbville. "Sakes alive, Mrs, Miller, you don't tell me Jim Warner's girl come clear from tlioEiist to Centreville ?" " Yes, poor dear, that she has. and I'm thinkin' the worst of her travellin' aint done yet. I was a sittin' jest where yon are now, Mrs. Jones, when I hear the stage come a rattlin' up, and a'moat afore X could turn round, Judge Wilkins comes lending her in and tells ine how she'd come a long way across the-plains to marry her lover j and maybo you don't be- liero me, Sirs. Jone3, but my heart had like to have died in mo when I see tho sweet child a smilin' at mo through her tears, and found that her lover was Wild Jim. So, I says to the J udge : 'I'll take care on hor until Jim Warner comes for hor, and I'm only hopin' it'll bo a long time off.' Then the Judge tells me how he knowed I'd bo good to her, as if any one could help lovin' tho pretty, timid dear, and ho speaks cheery like to the girl, sayin' as she'd find a friend in me, being the first woman as ever set foot in Centreville, and a better one never would, and with that he makes me a bow, and tells her as ho'd send Jim round, and goes away leavin' her Bobbin' in the corner, but most of ail from joy I was thinkin'. " After he'd gone she dries up her tears and tells me in her sweet voice how she'd been Bix months on the way from Illinois, where hor folks lived, and how, when she got to Sacra mento, she fouud that Jim had come here to Centreville, aud then she gives a little laugh and says: 'You see, Mrs. Miller, I'm almost an Evangeline.' ' And who may she be ?' I asks, never hearin' of anybody by that name aforo. Then she' tells me how Bho was a girl as had lost her lover and followed him about tho world until they both growed old, and, at last, when he was a dyin' she found him. ' Small pity,' says I to myself, ' if he'd a hap pened to beca such a worthless scamp as Jim Warner 1' But she tells the story so pitiful like, and when she'd ended alio says with a sigh : ' Poor Evangiine ! I've found my lover, and neither of us aro so very old.' ' Humph !' says I again, ' it's my opinion you'd been a heap better off if you nover had found him.' She, never mistrustin', looks up with a kinder Bhy face, and asks mo did I know him ; and I tells her I'd seen him, but didn't know half tho men in Centreville yet ; for, Mrs, Jones, I couldn't tell that poor girl as had come over a howjin' wilderness, a flyiu' in the face of death and Injuns, and what not to marry her lover, that Jim Warner was the wildest rake in Centreville, always brawlin in some bar room and a gamblin' and a carryin' on at a high rate, and more'n half suspeoted of the murder of big Bill Jenkins, as good a man as over shouldered a shovel j and then that vixen of a Yuba Kate ! " 'And what's your name, Miss ?' Iaslra hor after a while, and she answers, liftiu' up her head proud as a queen, ' My name is Kan Ben- lmm ; but it won' be Bcnham long, and Jim always called mo Nannie,.' Then we both fall a talkin' and all of a sudden I hear a knock at the door, and when I opens it there stands Jim Warner a smilin', and when the girl sees him she jest turn white and jumps up cryin' : ' O Jim !' ' 0 Nannie !' ho says, and they falls a kissiu' and a Bobbin' and I comes away and leaves them to themselves, but couldu't for the life of mo help a thinkin' of that there Yuba Kate. In a little while sho comes to find me sayin' as Jim had asked her to put on her hat and walk about tho place, and silo blushes shy- like and tells mo as they woro goin' to be married next cveuin', and she takes his arm so happy and gleeful and goes off down the clearin,' and I'm cxpectin' hor back every minuto now." " Sokes alive !" reiterated Mrs. Jones. It was not long before all Centreviile know that Jim Warner's girl had come across tho plains to marry him, and many and various were tlio expressions of sympathy for her, mingled with a considerable amount of excite ment at tho prospect of a wedding. " The chap that rutiB the new gospel mill up there is goin' to jine 'em," said Lame Jake, as he stood at tho bar of tho Golden Nugget that night. "Pity Jim Warner, last man in tho world to be tied to a woman," commented another. They had been discussing for the Inst hour tho topic of every conversation in Ccntro- villc. " What do yer think of that, Kate said tho first speaker, turning to a tail handsome girl, who sat before the fire, idly shuffling a deck of cards. " Think of what ?" sho absently inquired. "Why, of Jim's weddin', of course; hain't yer been o-iistenin' ?" " No, I haven't been listening ; any way I don't boliovo it." " Jc-ru-sa-km crickets! don't bcliovo it! Wily I seed her with my own oyea j her and Jim was a-walkin' down the creek this arter- noon more lovinger than two spotted kittens, and Bhe's a long sight better looking than you, too; hain't she, Uncle Tommy ?" " Wail, yes," responded that individual, who was somowhat of a character in the camp ; uncle to everybody iu general, but no one in particular. "She's a beauty and no mistakin' it ; but I say, Kate, there's one tiling you'd bo clear ahead of heron " " What i" her manner evinced somo curios ity, and she leaned forward to listen. " Why, you'd double discount hor on a tongue fight !" A roar of laughter from the crowd greeted tills sally. Yuba Kate said nothing, but lookod away with something of disdain on her dark face. The girl was probably about nineteen ortwenty yeara old ; but viewed thus by tho light of the fire and the uncertain daring of caudles she looked much younger. Perhaps tho moss of short ourls in which she woro her hair added somewhat to her youthful look. She had drifted into tho camp ns such women do, no one knowing or caring from whore she came, and if sho had left them on tho morrow not more than three or fonr would everaskwbither she had gone. Tired, perhaps,, of a conversation that weariod while it displeased her, sho rose to leave, but as she turned the knob of tho door it was opened from without and Jim Warner entered. He started back as he found himself face to face with Yuba Kate, and with a simply " Good evening," strovo to pass her. " I want to speak to you a minuto, Jim," she said. "Very well," ha roplied, briefly, and they went out into the night together. Sho did not speak for a minute, and finally, with an apparent effort, sho began : " Is it true, the stories that the boys are telling me about your wedding, Jim?" "Yes, it's true; what of it?" He was visibly embarrassed and quite at a loss for words. "Nothing, Jim, but don't you think you might have told me ? I never even knew you had a girl." " No ; it's not very likely I'd bo talking about her to you." She sow the intended cut and flushed darkly. . "Any way," he went on, "I couldn't toll you what I didn't know myself. I didn't ex pect her," " I've only one question to ask you, Jim, 'tis this : Do you love her ?" Ho was silent a minute ; should ho tell her " no"tcand pacify her ! But soma better in stinct moved him and he answered her in a voicoso completely changed that sho hardly knew it; "Yes— rvo always loved hor; I cannot remember a time when I havo not. Is thoro anything more, Kato ?" "Nothing but this," sho mado answer. "I'd 'a died for you if— if you had trusted me ; as it is, I- She stopped short, aud when sho spoke again it was in a gentle way : "If yon ever need a friend, If I can over servo you como to mo ; but unless I can, nevor speak to mo again," and without a farewell word sho left him and walked swiftly away. It was tho spring of '52 and May at that. Tho very air seemed filled with a delicioua, in toxicating quality. Wild llowcrs woro bloom ing in tho long grass of tho valleys, and tho robin and lark sang all day in tho sunshine. The fair outline of the hills looked down with a protecting air upon the scattered cabins of the camp, and the creek rushed noisily olon" tho littlo vale, a crystal mirror for tho swaying pines and the moving sky above it, whilo tho glad earth, green in hor joyousnoss, told not of tbo stories of gold in hor bosom ; but the busy sound of the miner's pick, and the Bplash of his rocker at tho brookside did. Tho first fever flush of excitemont had died away somowhat, but there was gold and for all. It was at the oloso of such a day as this when Jim Waruorstoodin the littlo church with his fair young sweetheart at his side, and it was tho first wedding that Centreville had ever seen. Long before tho sunset hour tho churoh that had been finished but a week was fillod with tho rough minors and the few womon of tho camp. They were men of purpose aud of will, those pionoers with their blunt ways and rougher Bpeeoh, used to hardship and oxposuro ; but over tbo bcart of the hardest there a solemn awo and a dim feoling of imponding ovil stolo at the sight of tho beautiful girl who had braved every danger to marry hor lovor, and in place of a steadfast arm to lean upon had found but a broken reed, tossed in tho tem pest of ovary jvioo nad passion. Thoy would hardly havo expressed it tlm3 ; whispers hero and thoro were : " Jim Warner's usual luck ! Pretty 03 a picture, hut a heap too good for him." " .Test tlio ago our Nanco would 'a been," and tiic bearded miner nudged his wife, " but her trouble's ovor and that ono lias hers' oil to come." In fact the universal sentiment in Centra. villa was that Nau Bculiam had dono badly. But Nan herself hail no such forebodings. She could not look back to a timo, no matter how far away, wheu she and Jim had not been lovers. They went to thu same school, hand in baud as toddling children ; they grew up to fair womanhood and brave manhood, and were sweethearts always. It scorned the most natural tiling in the world that sho should be long to .Tim anil Jim to her, mid the only thought in her heart was a thanksgiving that they were about to begin a new and blessed life together in this golden land of tho far West. Tho last rays of tlio sun wcro tipping tho pines witii a gleaming light ; tho radiance of dopartcd day lay over the lulls, and tho long shadows of evening fell aoross tho pnrple ravines, when Jim Warner took his sweet girl- wifo by tho hand, and stepped from tho rude church door into the world. A world of beauty it was ; and this he vaguely thought. Ah ! that it had always remained so. Chapter IB— Trouble for Nan. Tlio nine days' wonder that Nan's appear ance in Centreville croatcd died away in tho excitement of newer and more stirring events, There was littlo lack of snch in a lively mining camp in the early '50's, and soon, save for the occasional sight of her sweet face in their midst, tlio episode of the romantio marriage would havo been entirely forgotten. Sbo was a favor ite ia tho littlo placo with everyone, and many a nugget of unusual sightliucss wa3 laid away by some sun burnt miner for Jim's wife — "The sweelost and prettiest girl in California, bless her 1" And Jim himself seemed to have awakened to a sense of nobler and better things, and bad abandoned much of his forinor wild and reckless habits. Ho worked steadily too, and on the whole Nan's life for those first few mouths was ono of sunshine. Still Bhe had heard enough from chanco words dropped hero and there to give lier an idea what Jim's career had been before her arrival in Centreville, al though a certain kindly fear of giving pain had prevented her from hearing the worst, and the name of Yuba Kato had nover reached hor cars. But alas for Nan ! It was not long before Jim drifted slowly back to his old ways, and with ovory day new lines of caro showed them selves on her young face, and tho bloom plainly faded from her cheek. She never complained, bnt enmo among them every now and then, and always with her quiet, gentle smile, and the boldest there had not the courage to speak to her of Jim's waywardness, olthoogh her white face and tearful eye3 told that her heart was . breaking. And bo tho months sped along to tho early winter. Ono night as Nan eat watching tho hugo logs blare in the wido fireplace, a sudden feel ing of dread and loneliness catno over her that would not bo banished at her bidding. At last sho could stand it no longer, and thinking in a terrified way that she must find Jim, she started up from the fire and throwing it shawl about her, she opened the cabin door and went forth into the darkness in search for him. A quick walk ovor the crisp snow led her to tho door of the GoldonNugget, Jim's usualrendezvous.aud hesitating but a moment sho raised the latch and walked in. To her dying day she never forgot tlio sight. Men were standing about in groups, talking excitedly ; a dozen Bmall fights wcro going on in different parts of the room ; glosses were clinking at the bar, and the air was redolent with tobacco smoke and choice profanity. In ono corner, with bis bands se curely bound behind him, stood a tall, brutal looking man, with an air of sullen defiauco ; several men with six shooters woro guarding him ; tho blood rushed down his faco from au ugly cut over tho eyo— evidently made by a fly ing tumbler. At a table somewhat apart from the throng an animated game of draw poker was progressing ; among tho players was Jim. Hardened, indeed, were tho men who could thus coolly pursue tho game of hazard while the bleeding victim of a lawless mob lay at their feet. For as Nan pushed forward tho crowd in front of her parted, and she beheld a form stretched on tho floor with a ghastly wound in the temple. It was a young and boyish fnoe that wa3 turned up to tho light, and beside tho silont figure, with one of its lifeless hands clasped in her own, knelt a woman ; she was weeping bitterly, and begging him, between her sobs" to speak to her. But ho was quite dead. " 'Taint no use, Neil," said one of tho men, pulling her asido roughly, " tho man's dead, and all your howlin' and screechin' ain't a-goin' to bring him hack to iifo." Tlio unfortunate woman arose with a shriek of snch extreme and utter desolation that oven thoso rough hearts were moved. " Phew ! Noll's cutting up rough about Jack'B death," said Jim Warner, rising portly from his chair to watch her. As ha did so, ho saw Nan beyoud her with a look of terror on her face. Witii one houud ho was at her side. "My God, Nannie, this is no placo for you !" iio cried. It wa3 thou that bIio broko down oomplotely. " 0 como homo with mo, Jim, como homo," sho sobbed, aud without ono glanco backward, ho put his arm about hor and lod hor from tho placo. For days after that bIio was nervous and frightoucd and ill. Jim, really. alarmed about her, worked iu sight of tlio cabin, and for this whilo his usual haunts saw him not. But his was the soul of tho gambler, and ho could not frco himself from tho rlvettoil chains which bound him. And yot ho loved her. His pas sion for her wna the supremo ono of his life, and tho love lio boro her no man of bis natnro ovor knows twice. Ho would havo died for lier any day were tho more matter of dying all ; as it was, lie had not tho strength to livo for her alone. Tho time wa3 now within a low weeks of tlio Cliristmas holidays. Clear and cold tlio silver sicklo of a moon looked down upon tho snowbound earth, and tho tall pines rising liko giant ghosts in their white drapurics. "You'ro not going out to-night, aro you, Jim ?" Nan asked as ho Btepped to the door. " I'll only bo gone a minuto, Nannie," he answered, evasively and with somotbing like supplication iu his voico ; and not waiting for any furthor expression of opinion, he went oat. Nan listened until the sound of his footsteps was lost iu .soft snow and then snub with tnonn i nto her chair. She would wait for bin, sho told hersulf, striving to dismiss the dismal fancies wliich preasednpon hor ; and somewhat ' tired from tile day's work, lullod by the son of tbo wind about tho roof, and the mono" tonous crackling of the wood fire, sho fell asleep liko a, tired child. When sho awoke the bright blaze had. turucd to ashes on tlio ' hearth, tho clock was striking the midnight hour, and Jim was not there. Oh ! the a-onv of that moment nnd the trial of tlio bitter hours of waiting that followed. Listcnin" listening for tho never-coming footstep ; look ing; looking with strained eyesight over tho snow to seo if ho was there. She could not sleep ; she did not mind tho cold, althomrh it was intense. In the watches of that weary night faith died within her and in her dumb anguiBh her lips refused to pray. And so she sat until tho rising of tho cheorlea Dccombor sun, andwith the sunlight .Tim came. He rushed in excitedly ; ho no sooner saw her sitting there by tho window than he bean to toll hor how rich thoy wero ; he showered tho gold — his ill-gotten gains — upon her. She should bo tho first lady in tho laud; slio should wear dinmonds ; they would go hack to their old home, she was his own little Nannie and thoy woro rich at last ! For luck at faro had smiled on him and ho had broken the bank. Sho rose up then and etood before him with blazing oyos. "Keop your gold — your stoleu gold ! I would not touch it if I were starving, I hate it and yon !" Then with a sudden revul sion of feeling the angry light faded from her eyes and murmuring brokenly : " 0, Jim how could you — how could you ?" sho sank at his feet in merciful oblivion of all about her. He caught her iu his armB ; he laid her up on tho poor bed ; ho chafed her cold hands ; h6 begged her by everything sacred to speak to him, to Bay she forgave him. But the death-like swoon did not yield, and he thought that he had killed her. And' when after many moments — they seemed ages to him she returned to conBcionsness, Jim's tears were on her face, his frantic kisses on her lips nnd 1m was telling her that ho had killed lier, but he loved her better than the whole world. CiiArTER III.— Yuba Kate. The winter was unusually early and severe. Tho heavy rains had just given place to the first suow-falls, and the creek that babbled ovor Us stones so lazily in tho summer months now rushed a foaming torrent carrying des truction in its way. It had been raining all this November day with a slow and tedious insistence j but as the night gathered over tho camp iu the mountains, the drops caino faster and faster, until the quick pelting rain descended in an unbroken monotone upon tho roof. " A right-cheery place, I swam," said Uncle Tommy Majors, as ho came into the lighted bar room of the Golden Nuggot; " and a sight' bettor than drowsin' alone down to the cabin or walkin' about in the pesterin' rain." "How's tho night, Uncle Tommy; any sign of a clear np ?" said some ene from tho corner. " ' Clear up !' Wall, I should say not ! Just hear that creek, will yer, bcotnin' and boomin' and boomin'. Tho bridge down the ravine ho3 gone clear to 'FriBco, and only heaven or Bill Smitlikins knows wliera else. The upper bridge is mighty shaky, too; Jack Morgan \va3 a lookin' at it an hour or so ago, and lie said 'twas his opinion it wasn't going to lest till midnight. Mighty had layout for Jim Warner if ho comos down to-night ; thebridgo couldn't hold that heavy team up, no how. lie went home at supper time and that wife of liis'n said she was mos' sure ho'd come. I didn't say nnthin' to hor about tho bridge ; 'twould only Bkeer the wits outcn her, and 'tain't likely he'll come, anyhow, when he sees this storm." Y uba Kate listened from her placo at the card tabic with a slowly gathering fear at lier heart, but said nothing. After all, she thought, what did it matter to her ? She had not spoken to Jim since the night before his wedding. And striving thus to keep her auxiety under chock, for an hour or two, she could stand it no longer, and saying witii a brief yawn : " I'm tired, Johnny, play my hand for me," alio arose, and hurriodly put ting on her wraps, went out. Onco outside tho door, all hor pent up emotion gave way, and tlio restraint that she had imposed upon herself while inside tho saloon was no longer at her command. "Jim in danger," she t lion glit with a shudder, "with no one to warn him 1" She hardly knew until now how much sho carod for him. 'Jim, Jim, I'd have died for you!" she criod, with a sob that would como, and uncon sciously using the snmo words that had rieon to hor lips the night of their parting. Sho walked on througli the steady rain, hardly knowing or caring where sho went. It would bo hours before Jim came, if indeed he came at all. Unnwnro whither her footsteps wero leading her, sho took the way to Jim's cabin. As she came in sight of tho house, a gleam of light fell from tho window aoross tho ruin. A sudden thought onme to her ; she would tell Nan of hor husband's peril. His wife could easily persuade Borne of tho men to watch at tho bridge by turns to warn him if ho como, whereas they would only laugh at her if bIic mentioned suoh a tiling. She pressed noaror and roached tho door : at the same timo she heard tho low tones of a gentlo voico singing. She walked around to the window nnd. looked in. Thoro was no light eavo that of tho fire on the hearth and the room was filled with quaint shadows. In front of tho fire, "rocking to and fro, Nan was sitting ; lier golden hair was nil unfastened, and the look upon her face was ono that an angel might have worn. Kato watched her with a feeling of jealousy, but much of nwe. No wonder Jim loved her, sho thought ; she was as beautiful as an angel, and looked liko ono too, Tho sweet voico wont on singing: There is a land of puro delight, Where saints Immortal rolgnf Eternal day excludes tho night, And pleasures banish pain. The rapt look upon hor faco deepened with tho words, until It seemod to tho outcast, peer ing through the window, as though sho must ho looking clear into that land, and that same of its beauty was reshadowed on her saintly face. "I used to Blng that hymn once," Koto whispered to herself almost fiercely. " I coR- not epenk to hor ; I would not want her to know thoro is such as I iu tho world if I could help it. 0, Jbn, Jim I I will save you alowy. And taking her face from the pane she left the littlo Ilguro singing by tho firelight, nnd started foe tho bridge. But atiovo tho clamor of the nun; and the whistling of the wind, alio heard a fragment of tho hymn : Qrccn fields Isiyoud llio swotting flood. Tho bridge was only a mile above the camp, hut to poor Kate Btumbling over rocks, slip ping on tho wet, rain-soaked earth, nnd stop ping frequently to rest, it seemed hours before sho'roached it. It was toil o'clock beforg she left tho village, and sha thought tho hour could not he far from midnight now. Beaching for tho hand-rail of the bridge sho stopped out on the slender structure, and cautiously feeling hor way along Bho sought the further sido, and thcro she took her station and began tho lonely watcli. The storm had already broken, the skies los ing their heavy darkness ; but tho tumultuous roar of the torrent never ceased, the water rising nearly up to tho bridge. It would not como any higher, sha thought, because the rain had ceased. She leaned upon the railing and looked up into the sky. It was a perilous and lonely vigil, and sho saw with a feoling of satisfaction that a star shone hero and there in the dark void. She did not scorn so much alone after that In a while more o.imo, and more, until finally tho whole heaven sparkled with a million tender far seeing eyes. Sueli they wore to her, nnd kneeling rain- drenched on tho swaying bridge, with tho mad fury of tho woter3 beneath her, and tho splendor of tho starlit arch above, her mind went hack through tho years that bad beea with an unutterable feeling uf loathing and re gret. The record of the years was a foul and sin stained ono ; but even in the life of such as sho there are moments when the angel Bide, that is a part of every woman, iH uppermost, and this was one of them. Perhaps in her softened mood it was natural that her thought should retnru to the gentle faco of Jim's wife. Somo naturos thcro are that attract us by their Bhnplo goodness and truth. Wo do not lmvo to know them because their innermost thoughts are written upon their faces. Such was Nan's. The woman who furtively watched her rocking olono before the fire hod never heard tho voice, nor felt the touch of her kindly hand, but she knew by a subtle intuition that the tones of that voice would be just as sweet for hor as if sho had not boon a wanderer from righteous ways, and that gentle hand quickly extended to help and comfort the erring. For there was nothing of the Pbnriseo about Nan. Tho dark waters carao higher and higher, hut she knew it not. She only knew that the roar seemed louder in her ears with every momont, and when she looked up into the sky again thcro wero so many stars that it was all light, and vaguely wondoring why it was, she lost all consciousness of timo and placo, of peril and of death. Her last waking thought in this world was of Nan ; what her first was in that other world wo cannot tell, because an angel presence guards tho doorway, and beyond tho portals wc may not sco. The morrow's day dawned cloudless nnd clear. Tho swollen waters of tho creek dancod on tlicir way, and the foaming eddies sparklod and glistened very fair in the sunshine. On through the heart of tho pino forest ; beneath tho purplo hills that cast a flickering Bliade upon the rushing wave ; through tho level stretches of the foothill meadows ; past places where in after years fair settlement would rise, and stately cities ; where tho laughing mirth of children would break tho silence, now only etirred by the whirr of bird wings, and tho most tuneful of nature's voices. Butevcrupon the restless tide floated that still white face. Onward through the gladness of the perfect day ; on through the scarlet flush of a sunset that warmed it into lifo and beauty savo for the quiet of tho closed eyes. Onward through tho cool gray of tho avening, and onward into tho shadows of tho night. Chapter IV. — Christmas Morning. Before night had followed that dreadful morning after Nan's waiting, sho was lying in uhconcioiiss delirium, and Jim's worst appre hensions wero realised whon tho doctor pro nounced her illness brain fever. From that time nntil Christmas, her lucid moments were few, and in those brief weeks her over burdened mind told its whole sad story. It was pitiful to hear her. Now she wa3 wait ing for him, and it was late and dark out- Bide ; again she was hurrying through the night to meet him, but ho came not to her. In fancy, she was once more in tho bar room of the Golden Nugget, with tho dead face of the murdored man before her ; bIio heard again the fearful anguish of tho woman's cry. Then she would beg in piteous tones for him to tako lier away, to take her homo. But the me mory always uppermost in her mind was of the tcrriblo night that preceded hor illness, for from every flight of fancy she came back to tho dark arid cold room whero sho had waited alone, and weeping bittely she would cry that Jim had left her. Somotimes her ravings were cf mere peaceful things ; tho homo in tho valley of the Mississippi — her home and Jim's ; where they were so liappy together before he had sought tho distant El Dorado of the Pacific. Thus passed the anxious days and lonely nightB, during which Jim scarcoly left hor Bide, On Christmas morning she awoke with a clear mind and spoke to him. An hour or so after daybreak there came a timid rap at the door, and when Jim oponod it Matt Goodwin, tho youngest miner in the camp, Btood there with a beautiful bunch of Cliriatinaa.liolly in his hand, " Is she hotter ?" was his eager inquiry. On helng told that she was conscious, be smiled dolightedly nnd said shyly : " Mnybo she'd like this holly. I went miles down tho oraek for it and tho tops of tho branches are just peeping over tho snow, 'l'is a good bit of color, and being Christmas, I thought 'twould bo uico for hor to have some." When ho had gone Nan lifted her faco from tho pillow and asked : "Is it Christmas, Jim?" " Yes, Nannio." " I'vo beon sick a long time, haven't I " Then m sho caught sight of the bunch of Bcarlet berries she gnro a cry of delight and eagerly stretched out her hand ; but tho poor, weak hand would not hold tliom, so sho laid them on tho bed beside her. Sho wnudorod away a little after that, and told how red nnd how bright tho holly was at homo, occasionally repeating with the gloeful manner of a child that it was " Christmas morning." "Seo hero, Nannio," said Jim, unrolling a bnndlo, thoreby disclosing n silk dress of nznro hue. " Look at your Christmas present ; I sent clear to 'Frisco for it." He throw the gay folds ovor the bed, making the pallor of her fuse more ghost-like than over. She looked at it for a minuto, and something like shudder passed over her. He saw it, and'read its meaning at once. " Nannie, did you think I would buy a yard of it with that money? No, it was honest gold, pannod tliero at the creek that paid for it, and I want you to brighten up aud get well quick so that you can wear it. It's blue, Nannio, and just your color ; why, you'll ho tho prettiest girl in all the diggings when you get that dress on !" "O, Jim, dear Jim, I shall never wear it !" It was all she said. " Why, Nannie, not after what I'vo told you ?" " It's uot that, Jim." Then a littlo slowor, because every word was an effort in her feoble Btato : "lam not gcing to live." Sho spoko so very gently for fear of grieving him. Ho knelt down by the bed and clasped her hands in both his own. " Nannie," he whispered, "I'm afraid what you're saying is true ; you wore always too good for this placo, and for me, and you're very weak ; but Nannie, my poor, neglected child, I want von to say, ' Jim, I forgive yon,' only once. I don't see how you can, but won't yon try to ?" Ah, how quiet it was for a moment. " Something tolls mo," bo went on more hopefully, " that you will bo spared to mo ; I cannot lot you go without Bhowing you how I lovo you." His broken "utterance onded in a sob, But a higher wisdom than Jim's had not or dained it so. "Jim," sho cried, "you were always kind to mo ; there is nothing to forgive ; but I, I cannot die ! Keep mo, Jim, hold mo fast !" Boor child, notwithstanding ail her suffering she was not ready to go. Wc never arc. Sho was quite exhausted and lay with closed eyei. Suddenly over tho thin features n droad- ful change came, nnd evon Jim conld not mis take its awful meaning. He called aloud in his anguish and the sound of his voico called her back a little. " Lift mo higher, Jim," she said, as there came upon her face a look of unearthly beauty, " higher and to the light." Sho turned with a last supreme effort and flung her arms about his neck. Then as ho raised hor up, hor pure spirit found tho light of a fairer day than this. And 'twas Christmas morning. How tho birds sang ! How tho sun sparkled and shone upon the snow. The tender blue of tho sky was dappled witli masses of fleecy clouds, and the heaven above was like June, It seemed as though tho flowers must be bloom ing under foot, but there was nothiug tlioro but snow ; snow as far as the oyo could soe ; over hill and ravine ; abovo tho grass clods, and upon the pino boughs. And when the women had robed Nan in her one whito dress, and placed yonng Malt's spray of holly in the thin fingers, tho beautiful figure upon tho littlo bed seemed a part of the sacred stillness of tho placo. "Poor dear," some ono says with a sob, " how poaceful she looks, and rested." "So young, too," says another, "and of a Christmas morning." But tile sweet dead faco on tho pillow wore its placid smile of repose through it all. For somewhere in the far away skies the morn ing of an eternal Christinas had dawned for Nan.— -San Francisco Bulletin. 