Ifoumor* Hooiehan's Wake. " Is it the health ye're askin' for ? If O'iva any left afther toastin' it away all night at Hoolehan's wake O'im lucky. "The widdy tnk Hoolehan's death very much at heart an' kept bellowin' an' screech in1 louder than Mickarty's prize pig at Balley varney fair, from mornin' till night. We de tarmined to quiet her some way, an' Mike HcGinniss goes ap to her and sez he, 1 Don't mind, Winny—excuse me, I mane Mrs. Hoole han—but don't fret afther Dinnis any more, for whin the twelve months is over O'ill marry yiz meseilf.' " Oh, the party craythur, but how she changed all av a suddint! She had a loife soize picther av Hoolehan down to the showl- j der, weepin' over it, but risin' and droppin' I it from her lap onto the sofy, she wiped her eyes wid the corner av her apron, and sez she, ' Will ye have hot wather in yure whisky, Misther McGinniss, or take it in its nachural state ?' " Misther McGinniss preferred havin' the hot wather, an' while Mrs. Hoolehan was in the kitchen gettin' it we med arrangemints to keep her in good humor, for her carryins on before tuk all the loife and spirit out av UBa " The flure was cleared, an' by the time she kem back we were ready for a brake-down, but Winny clapped the punch on the table and threw up her hands in holy horror. " ' Meelya murther 1' sez she; ' is this the way ye riverince the mimory av me poor dead husband ?' " Och 1 we all thought she was goin' to bawl out agin, whin Mike McGinnis whispered a few words in her ear and pinched her on the arrum, an* afther takin' her into the diuin'-room an' givin' her some blarney she kem out willin' an' smilin'. So we sint little Jimmy Roach off for the fiddle. He's always up to some plaguey thrick. It tuk him so long that we all wint to sapper. He didn't go away, but watched us outside the windy, an' whin we wint to supper he stole in an' got under the same shate with the corpse. We thought it was one av Jimmy's ould thricks to fool us out av our dance, an' we detarmined not to let him have the best av us, eo McGinniss an' meself got upon the flure an' comminced dancin' away while all the min prisint kept whistlin'' The wind that shakes the barley," whin, behold you I the shate begun risin' an' kipt risin' higher an' higher till Dinny, as we thought, sat bolt upright under it, an' in a voice ixactly like his own, said, as mad as could be, ' How dare yiz insult my mimory? How dare yiz?' " What did we do ? Well, Oi've a faint re mimbrance av McGinniss's hair standin' on ind, his eyes startin' from their sockets and his mouth big enough to jump down into, but beyant that an' Mrs. Hoolehan hollerin' out, * Indade, Dinnis McGinniss won't have me, an' I won't marry any one but you,' we all stood like statues, an' not wan av us had the courage to move till the wind blew open the dure an' pat out the ight. "Thin was the scramblin' an' ahufflin'. Jimmy, lav coorse, jumped down and grabbed fust wan an' thin another, an' being' a very strong bye, his pinches were no small matter. " Now, O'im a very gallant man to the leddies, an' always wiUin to sacrifice meself for their purty sakes whin any nachural dan ger presints itself, bat whin it comes to the supernacharal Oi till ye what, me bye, I look out for my own skin. " What was the ind av it ? Well, the end for me was this: Whin the light was put out, an' Oi, like all the rest, thought Dinnis was at me heels, I put for home wid a spade which ud shame the aigles av the air. Me fate hardly seemed to touch the ground, as I wint over cobblestones an' ditches moreloike a bird than a man. Two pelicemen gev chase to me, an' foired shots at me, bat they couldn't catoh me. Me sowl was bint on runnin', an', to tell the truth, Oi don't belave Oi could av stopped if Oi'd tried. Oi ought to mintion here that Oi had oi* white corduroy breeches, an' as Oi took aff me coat before beginnin' to dance wid McGinniss, Oi presinted quite a quare spectacle. To give ye an instance av the flight wid which Oi flew, let me tell ye that the San Jose freight train was comin' in, an' me path for two blocks lay alongside av the track, but Oi kept pace with the ingine all along, an' from the pale scared face av the engineer, I think he must have tuk me for a ghost mesilf." Bumble Bee. 