E?HOBS OF MELBOURNE. D[B Ti?e Gnose.] August 2. The attention of "the representatives .of property," as the members of the Upper Chamber of tlhe Legislature lo've to desig nate themselves, has been devoted, during the two days that constitute a week's work in that august assemblage, to dis cussing the MIining on Private Property Bill. From present appearances there is every probability that the 27th measure initroduced to deal 'with the very much vexed question will go to join its prede. ceesors in thle waste paper basket. The Reform Act, from which so much was hoped and expected, has not yet sufficiently "liberalised" the Council, and a majority of its members still believe in tlhe "sacred rights of property," John Stuart Mill and Joshua Williams to the contrary notwith standing. Mr. Sargood, the sponsor for the bill, has asked for time to consider the situition, and it would not be much matter for surprise if the bill is'dropped and re-in troduced in "another place," in order that the onus of another abortive attempt at legislation may be fixed on the Council, which will most assuredly so alter any measure initiated in the Assembly as to leave that Chamber no option but to reject it. "As it was in tihe beginning, etc., etc. Amen." In the Assembly the Land Bill has been tihe piece de resistance. That it will pass in its present form, with but very slight modifications, everyone-even its most prolix critics--full well know. But Bun combe-in thie shape of the constituents must be talked to, and thie dreary task is being drearily performed. As a rule, the speeches hive been delivered to empty benches, and it is hardly, therefore, to be wondered.at that. Thursday's interlude thle discussion of Mr. Walker's resolution in favour of repealing the stocktax--should have been hailed with something like pleasure by honourablo members. Land, land, land,musthave been asmonotonous as the "Water, water everywhere" was tothe Ancient Mariner, or that oft-quoted par tridge to the French gastronome. Al though the debate has not yet closed, it needs no (Edipus to be able to tell that the obnoxious impost is doomed. If only for the sake of conciliating New South Wales,and ensuring our neighbours' hIearty future co-operation on the question of federation, thie erasure of cattle, horses, and lsheep from the list of Victorian "dutiable articles" will be a politic stop. Ajopods of Customs duties, thle reason why tihe Treasurer did not re-impose the beer tax has now oozed out. When the negotiations for tihe formation of thie pre sent Coalition Government were in pro gross, the Conservative section of the Assembly at a caucus meeting resolved that I'the poor mats's luxury" should, at all events for a year, not be made the sub ject of taxation. Hence the neglect by r. Service of this' obvious source of income. The period for which the hands of the Government were tied has now,how ever. expired, and when next the Premier makes a "financial statement," brewers, publicans, and thie othler sinners who pro vide thie lovers of malt liquor with their favourite boeverage, will be made to contri bute their fair quota to tile revenue. Some cynic once remarked that a secret known to two persons was no longer a secret. Tihe way in which honourable members who were a party to "tlse beeoor agreement" kept their counsel most certainly. belies the assertion. Despite taunts and chal longes, no member of the Ministry, or of the section of the Assembly party to the resolution, said a single word in justifica tion of a course condemned biy the univer sal voice of the Press. Who will say after this display of Spartan virtue, that there is no hlonour among-smembers of the Assembly ? There can now be no doubt that the epi desnic which hIas slhown itself in and around Melbourne is the much dreaded variola. Medical men are now allpretty well agreed as to the nature of the disease. Even tihe Government lhas heen compelled to do something, and that something is of a somewhat peculiar kind. Tihe Chairman of the Central Board of Health, Dr. Youl, has been unceremoniously asked to resign, and M'r. Akehurst, one of the junior police magistrates, nominated to the position thus vacated. To all save the Mfinistry the qualifications of this gentleman for tihe post are an unknown quantity. True, he has in his time played many parts. He has been a member of tie mounted police, a clerk, of courts, and a relieving magis trate. The name of the President elect was mentionediu the Assembly on Tuesday, and from the way in which it was received it is evident the nomination is not gene rally approved of. The medical members of the Board will, it is said, resign oc miasse, and as the position is an honorary one, involving a good deal of trouble, some difficulty will be experienced by the Gov ernment in finding eligible successors .for Drs. Youl, Rose, and Mr. Blackett. There is a settled conviction inside and outside of Parliament that in taking tile action Mr. Service and his colleagues have, "someone has blundered." Even Coalition Ministers make gross mistakes at times. Perhaps tIle knowledge that thie foe was at their very gates may have had some effect in causing the display of "diseased activity" shown by the Government. A Iadly residing in tihe houseliold of tile hen. J. A. Wallace, atElsternwick,isreportedto be suffering from' small-pox, and as the member for Bcnambra has been a regular attendant in his place in the House, he may by this time have sown the germs of infection broadcast ameng the people's representatives. As a measure of pre caution, would it not be .wise in all honourable gentlemen to submit to vacci nation ? Failifig their consent to submit to the operation, it might,perhaps, become necessary to quarantine the Parliament Hiouses, and more tcrribldstill, to"isolate" the Ministry I Simultaaeously.with the advent of the siall-pox, there has been an outbreak of homicidal mania in the colony. Every few days either a murder, attempted inurder, or murderous assaultis chronicled. James Hawthorn has been found guilty of killing his brother, arid sentenced to death without hope of mercy, and the unfor tunate girl, Rosanna Plummer, now lies in the Melbourno Gaol awaiting the miti gation of the death penalty. The gentle wife who battored out her drunken husband's brains in a Carlton public-house, of which he was the landlord, has been sentenced to three months' imprisonment-a punish inent which should tend to make husbands cautious. What is evidently a foul murder committed many years ago has beeno dis covered in tile lonely bush near Edenlpeo; and at Lancefield a farmer has boeen found dead on tho.road, shot, itis supposed, by a former tenant of the land on which he resided. A body has beeoon discovered floating in tihe Yarra, and foul play is sus pected, as when last seen the victim had a considerable sum of .money in his pos session, which was not fbrthcoming when the corpse wvaO searched at the Morgue. Sad to say, two of the suspected deeds of darkness are likely to swell the already long list of undetected crimes which our police annals show. " Dead men tell no tales," 'nd never return as "phizgigs" to help our astute detectives in unravelling any mysteries. A certain dark complexioned personage is proverbially said not to be so black as he is painted. And so with tlhe Lee South scandal. The lady writes to tle newspapers to say that the farewell epistlb she left on her dressing-table for her hus baud, informing "Dear Jmi" that after Swhat had occurred in connection with Mr. IHarcourt Lee she could no longer live with her liege lord, was " only intended to put him off tile scent;" and. Mr. Lee writes to say that he is the innocent victim of circumstances-a sort of musical Joseph. lFacts are, however, stronger than even the strongest assertion, and although the lady's letter is dated from Sydney, it is surmised f that she is somewhere in Victoria, "not a hundred miles from Geelong," where, by a curious coincidence, Mr. Lee's business en gagements have frequently required his presenes during the past week. The ac cused Lothlnrio vows lie will seek redress for the aspersions cast on his morality by a wicked Press, and there is talk ot the issue of writs "thick as the leaves in Valom brosa's vale." Mr. South, on his side, avers hlie will seek solace in the Divorce Court. Then the truth will be made manifest, and until then the public must rest satisfied withll what is ah'eady known of an episode which affords the uninitiated a slight glimpse behind the scenes of theatrical life. At the present moment Mr. Sargeod, the Minister of Defence, and Dr. Beany, M3.L.C., surgeon in the newly-formed Vic torian Militia, are not just now on a bed of roses. It was expected that the Elections 'and Qualifications Committee would have, ere this, given their decision. But ad journment follows adjournment in order that the committee may deliberate. This fact looks ominous for the sitting members. It hais oozed out that when the decision is giventthere will be two vacant seats in the Upper House, and that for one at least there will be a contest. Dr. Beany's late vote on the Mining on Private Property Bill lhas vexed the souls of thb ultra liberals of the North Yarra Province, who would like a representative not quiteo so "disgustingly rich" as "tho diamond doctor." Despite thie "dulltimes"of whichbusinoess people are now growling, the theatres have been well patronised during theio week. At tihe Bijou thie Emelio ?olvillo Opera Conm pany have been drawing large houses with "Pinafore," which is, however, to give way to-night to "La ?ericlhole." Te London Opera Company, at the Princess, have terminated their engagement, and their place has been filled by the Dramatic Company from the Theatre Royal, who have revived the coumedy of "Impulse." The Opera House is given over to Clark and lyman's Company, who have found the musical burletta, "Sparks," aid the somewhat boisterous fun of "Muldoon's Picnic"a suffleient "draw," and as yet announce no changeofprogrammoe. Atthe Royal, "The Lancashire Lass" and" A Party by the name of Johnson" still hold the boards, to give way, however, next Saturday to Miss Genevieve Ward and Mr. Vernon in a revival of " Macbeth." 