THE PUBLIC LIBRARY AND MUSEUM. After much waiting and many uncer tainties the South Australian public will now enjoy the use of their Public Library and Museum. The Library, although not so large as it should be in proportion to the importance of the colony, is much more extensive than might have been supposed by any one taking a cursory glance at the old buildings, where the volumes were stored away in confusion. it contains about 23,000' books, the majority of which are standard works. Of these, of course, a large num ber are of comparatively little interest to the general public. Very few people have much taste for dipping into British Bluebook publications or Specifications of Patents; but the collection of bound serials is a good one and should prove ex ceedingly useful in the present day, when so much that is valuable of current litera ture finds its way to notice through the columns of magazines, reviews, and journals. With those who have acquired the knack of looking for information in a Library it is almost an axiom that there is scarcely any piece of useful knowledge within the range of religion, history, politics, science, art, or technology, that may not be acquired by a diligent search through the shelves of a good Public Library. The services of special librarians 'and attendants who are familiar with the locality of each book or group of books, are, in many instances, very valuable. But, as a rule, the visitor to a Public Library finds it more entertain ing and more profitable to cull his infor mation for himself. In four or five months a catalogue of all the books will be ready. It is to be hoped that ihis will be constructed on a rational and serviceable plan. Not unfrequently one finds that in a valuable and extensive Library the catalogue consists merely of a string of authors' names, with nothing to guide the student who wishes to apply himself to a particular subject, and not specially to the works of a particular man. In every catalogue the subject-matter should be made the main basis 'of classif fication, and the names of authors should hold only a subordinate place. The comfort and convenience of visi tors should be one of the main objects of the Board in directing the control of the new Library and Museum. The old reading- room, which is devoted to periodical literature, and which has for years been crowded morning, noon, and night, is a very good model of exactly what a reading-room ought not to be. The care of the periodi cals seems to have been nobody's special work, and a considerable amount of con fusion has been the result. It frequently happens that the latest numbers of many British journals to be found in the room are nearly three months old. The ventilation of the place is altogether disgraceful, and seems to become worse from year to year. It is greatly to be regretted that the new buildings have not been lit with the electric light. His Excellency the Governor, in open ing the new premises to the public, strongly commented upon the experience he had gained during his last visit to Mel bourne of the great advantages of the electric light as applied to Public Libraries. The stifling closeness of a gas-heated atmosphere is injurious both to readers and to books. It would be doubly economical to adopt the electric light in the building. Not very many months ago, it will be remembered, Mr. Todd, our scientific Postmaster-General, prepared a report in which he showed that the Public Library and Museum, the Parliament Buildings, the Government Printing Office, and, if we remember rightly, Government House also, could be lit by electricity from a central engine placed on part of the vacant land near North-terrace. This suggestion, economi cally carried out, would be a positive saving to the Government, and as the new Museum and Public Library have been fitted with chandeliers, &c;, for either gas or electricity, and the Parlia ment Buildings are to be furnished in the same way, it is to be hoped that Mr. Todd's scheme will be again taken into consideration when these buildings are being completed for occupation. That a Technological Museum should be added to the institution which has now been thrown open to the public has always been strongly urged in our columns. We believe that by facilitating the study of specimens, models, books, charts, &c;, relating to the industrial arts the Government can do more to encourage native industiy than they could by expending four times the same amount of money on any other scheme. The Chamber of Manufactures has come for ward, and in the most handsome and public-spirited' matter offered to hand over the exhibits which it now possesses, together with a donation of £300, if the Government will only provide accommo dation on North-terrace. It would be a serious mistake to reject this offer. The colony is at present in a transition state as to its industrial development, and a little extra knowledge on technological subjects may lead to the rise of numerous good and profitable industries. The enquiries which reach a newspaper office on some of these subjects show how keenly the public would appreciate any readily accessible means of gathering know ledge and acquiring information about the most modern methods of manufac ture. If the accommodation pro vided at North-terrace be at pre sent too confined, a cheap annexe to the wing of the building which has now been opened would serve all the purposes of a Technological Museum, and if built at the rear of the grounds it might be worked in with the general plan when the front is finished., The colony cannot, afford to wait for the directly useful portion of its Museum until the whole of the buildings on North-terrace are completed. One wing alone with fittings has on the present costly scale of construction in volved an outlay of £43,897. The whole structure was originally estimated to cost about £100,000. But it now appears that the two wings will of themselves swallow up very nearly the whole of that sum. It must be confessed that the prospects of the building being completed according to plan are somewhat remote. The Public Library and Museum is intended to be a grand institution some day, but it would be well that present and useful realities should not be neglected for the sake of dreams of the future. The style of the wing which is now ready for public use is really very choice. No Museum in Australia is housed in so elegant a chamber. The Australian Museum at Sydney is large and imposing ; the Victorian Museum in the University grounds is well situated and admirably auanged ; but the South Aus tralian Museum is got up in a style which shows that no expense has been spared to secure the best materials that money can buy. The beautifully designed screen which forms the partition between Library and Museum must have cost a good round sum of money. Perhaps a building designed more for use and less for ornament might have served its purpose equally well, and would have cost not half the money. However, the object now should be to fill the build ing with specimens that may be of use and interest to the public. The services of a naturalist will no doubt be required, and it might be advan tageous to secure some man who, although not a Doctor of Philosophy, may be able to explain the scientific meaning of the exhibits to visitors. As General Director, the services of Dr. Rennie, the new Professor of Chemistry at the University, might very readily be engaged. It would be of very great advantage to the public if to each exhibit were appended a card, having affixed a suitable extract from one of the many admirable manuals of biology, chemistry, or mineralogy, that are pub lished at the present day. These would be conned with great enjoyment by many of the visitors, and the knowledge gained in this easy way would be of considerable value. As Sir William Robinson re peatedly remarked at the opening cere mony, the main object of the institution should be that of instruction, and this object should be steadily kept in view. The Legislative Council Eiections. —The vacancy in the Legislative Council caused by the death of the Hon. Thomas .English. su4 the. reference madfLby. the Minister of Justice at Manoora yester day to the elections which ~will take place early next year direct attention to a rather awkward difficulty that will arise in consequence of the pro visions of the Constitution Amendirent Act of 1881. _ That Act, it will be remem bered, provided for an increase of the number of the members of the Council and for the division of the Council electorate into four districts. Clause 10 reads — ' If any vacancy shall occur from death, resignation, or any other cause of any of the members who were elected by the electors of the whole province voting as one district before the period for the retirement of such members, the same shall be supplied in manner following, that is to say, the first by the return of a member for District No. 1, the second by the return of a member for District No. 2,' &c.; The first of such vacancies was created by the death of Sir W. Morgan, and was filled by the election of Mr. Simms for Dis trict No. 1. The present vacancy will have to be filled by the election of a member for District No. 2. Accord ing to the Constitution Act, however, there must be a resolution of the Counc;l declaring the vacancy, and thereupon a writ is issued. Hence it will appear that the vacancy cannot be filled until after * the Council meets about the end of next May. This delay would not be of much importance. But unfortunately by the Act of 1881, to which we have referred, eight members of the Council have to retire in April next, and their places will be filled by two members elected for each of the four districts. Hence we shall have two awkward anomalies. Eight vacancies, which will. not arise until next April, will be filled up before a vacancy that has already occurred; and the electors of District No. 2 will have to elect their two members in common with- the other districts in April, and they will have to elect one member, to supply Mf. English's place, after the House meets in June. This, at least, is how we understand the require ments of the Acts. It would 'cer- tainly not do to delay, filling up the eight vacancies arising in April until after the House meets, and therefore there seems to be no alternative but to have two elections and in the reversed order which' we have indicated. The Inward Mail.— The R.M.S. Clyde; reached the anchorage at Holdfa3t Bay at 10.15 on Thursday night, and was announced! to sail at 6 a.m. on Friday. The weather at Glenelg was favourable for landing mail8 and transhipment of passengers, bnt the hour was inconvenient and the night dark, The Clyde has had a pretty fair passage from. London, varied occasionally by a little rough; weather, but nothing to mar the pleasure of the trip — indeed, the passengers appear to have been singularly well suited to each other socially, judging from the record of festivities and successful Bchemea for mutual recreation carried out during the voyage.. Oce sad and somewhat staitling incident occurred when the steamship was about four days out from Colombo. This was the Budden death of Sergeant Walsh, a soldier who, it is stated, had been waiting some days at Colombo, and who having many acquaintances ashore imbibed so freely, that his health became effected. A day or two after the steamer left Colombo he had a fit, iand the ship's surgeon was sent for, He applied the UBual remedies, and hid the sufferer removed to the shelter of an awning, where ho had the benefit of the breeze. Tbe doctor leffc him with his friends with instructions that he waB to be called when necessary. Some time afterwards a passenger saw that Walsh was dying, and soon afterwards he succumbed to the effects of delirium tnmens. The affair cauBed some sensation on board, and there were differences of opinion as to whether the deceased had been so promptly attended to as hia case demanded. A potf-mortem was held by Drs. Todd, Cameron, and Dawe3, and they gave it aB their opinion that death resulted from syrcope. Tbe impressive ceremony of a burial at Bea was performed, and it was &ome; days before the saddening influence of such an incident passed away* Amongst the returned colonists is Mr. Fred Ayere, Cheistmas Number of thb ' Observer.' — The iChristmae number of tbe Adelaide Observer, which is now obtainable at this office and the various agencies, will bs found to be of exceptional interest this year. It contains no less than sixty-eight pages of ; matter of a most varied character, whrch will commend itself to the acceptance of all clasaeB of readers. There are stories for the old and stories for the young, an Acting Charade and around of Christmas games, poetry suggested by the season of the year, and an unusually diverse and interesting budget from the Editors of the Riddler and Chess columns. The first story— 'Two Christmas EveB1'— is baaed upon a pa thetic incident which occurred in Aus tralia, but the lesson of charity and forbear ance which is the burden of tbe tale is appropriate enough now, and should not pasa by unforgotten. ' Vane Treaham' is a well written and cleverly 'worked-out ekcich of a disciple of Pythagoras and a believer ia metempsychosis. The extraordinary narra tive will probably be read with incredulity,, but none the less will it absorb the attention. of its readers. The next story, ' The Golditt Chain,' tenderly illustrates the gaining of the good time that once was coming, and the looking forward to the belter time to come. The writer of 'A Christmas Day at the South Pole' describes in a very graphic way his appointment by the editor of an enter prising newspaper as special correspondent to the South Pole, the only place where tho said newspaper is 'not properly repre sented ;' his trip thither in a flying machine, fearfully and wonderfully made ; his mar vellously quick arrival there ; the result of * his interviews with the web-footcd a-atarctio folk, their language, their religion, and their ' ' musty laws' and 'more cutioub customs;' and the South Pole itself — 'A vast obeli3b,. an immense shaft of iron at least a mile in ! height, and taperit'? to a sharp p.pex.' Lindsay Duncan's tale of ' Up the River' ? happily unites the old land and the new in. a manner that is very congenial to one's ? | thoughts at Christmastide. Passing by a : ' Christmas Catastrophe,' and a thrilling ' Trae Ghost Story,' we come to a round of . Christmas games, and an Acting Charade,, which will hare special interest for the young folk, for whose delectation also there are two pretty children's Btorie3, which will give very genial delight. The Riddler'a i' Literary Mincepie' excels in attrac tiveness the Editor's former efforts ?to amuse and entertain his nume rous readers at ChriBtmas time, while jthe Chess Budget will ba of special in ] terest in view of Mr. Blaokbuine's expectedi ! arrival in the colony. Added to all these at tractions there are two supplements— one being a fine engraving of a happy domestic Bcene, and the other an illustrated sketch of (the delightful tour in the wonderland of New Zealand which the Union Steamship! Com pany has arranged for the summer holidays. As New Zealand possesses scenes which charm travellers who have beheld the great sights of the Old World, these£cheap excur sions should tempt many a colonist to spendi his holiday in the way the Company so en ticingly suggest. ; Opening of the Public Library akd Museum.— The new Public Library and Museum was formally opened by His jExcellenoy at noon on Thursday, in :the_ presence of a large number of ladies and gentlemen, including Dr. jWhittell (Chairman), and many other ?members of the Board. In a brief speech |ffis Excellency gave a sketch of the history and aim of the building, which he formally 'declared open for the use of the public. The visitors then inspected the various objects of interest, the general public being admitted later on in the afternoon, and many re maining till 5 p.m., when the building was. closed. Public Works et the Northern Terri tory.— The contractor for the erection of the jetty at Palmeraton iB, we understand, making all the necessary arrangements for i the early commencement of the work. If is the intention of the Commis sioner of Public Works to advertise for tenders for the Port Darwin and Pine Creek Bailway abont the beginning of March. In neither case is there any condition imposed \rith rr:-rd to the class of labour to be employed. Tiie contractor may make their own arrangements. The Recest Calcutta Exhibition.— The whole of the certificates ard diplomas awarded to South Australian exhibitors at the Calcutta Exhibition have been received by the Secretary, and are awaiting distribu tion at the offices of the Commission. Deputy Commissio-*eb of Taxes.— The Government have decided to appoint Mr. I* S. JSpiller, CMef C^ t0 tne 'S^ surer, to be Deputy Commisdoner of Taxex The appointment, however, has not yet been ? approved by the Governor. Volxtstess E-~rolmests. — Captain Jer vois, theD.A.A.G., on Wednesday evening enrolled at the Staff Office fourteen recraits ? for A and B Battsries, V.M.P. There were also four men re-enrolled. Qtjarastise.— Our Shipping Reporter writes:— The smallpox has been so far stamped out in Melbourne ?nd Sydney that ? in future the extreme vigilance of the Health Officer will be somewhat relaxed. He has fcr a long period boarded nearly all vessels ? from the two infected ports, but now that both are issuing clean bills of health the nrgeney of the sanitaiy enforcement has ceased, and probably the Melbourne steamers ?will again call at Glenelg, The Psotectob. — The crew are taking out of the gunboat the masts, which are to be lengthened 15 feet The vessel will be turned out improved in appearance, and spick and span for the Commemoration Day at Glenelg. Mabese Bcaed. — At the meeting this morning it was decided to take action against the agents of the ship Steelfield for the recovery of £67 for expenses incurred in con nection witn sick seamen of the ship while at Port Pirie. The Board of Trade's revised regulations for preventing collisions at sea were adopted. The Board would not favour ably regard any extension of the Bilgowan Jetty on account of the expensive character of the work. The Bo^rd exonerated Captain Clare from a:iy blame for not towing the Lochmvar at Port Pirie, the Wardens agree ing that there wai no danger to either life or property, and therefore nothing to justify the detention of the steamer. Warden Neill remarked that the only distress he perceived in the case was the distressing telegrams which appeared in the newspapers. School Concert.— In the Stow Church Lecture Hall on Thursday evening an enter tainment was given by the pupils attending the seminary conducted by Mis3 Tilney and some friends, to commemorate the beginning of the Christmas reces3. There was a large attendance of parents and friends of the children, and the latter seemed to thoroughly appreciate the amusement provided both for and by themselves. They appeared in half a dozen nicely arranged tableau scenes, which were made the more pictnrecque by the reflection from a lantern titrated at the other end of the room, and in two or three choruses, comprising old nursery rhymes. In these latter the little ones per formed their part very creditably. Songs were also given by Miss Smith and Mr. ShankB, an instrumental duet by the \fis3 s Anderson, and a trio on the piano by the Misses Wade and Hay. Mr. Roberta give a recitation and Mr. Treichel played some selections on the zither. During the evening Mr. Scrymgour acted a3 conductor, Mis3 Griffiths as pianist, and Mr. L. Grayson as Chairman. The latter gentleman presented the prizes to the successful scholars, and gave them a little advice as to future study. With the articles exhibited for inspection was a pretty plush bracket, which, with a sealskin purse, had been presented by the pupils to Miss Tilney on the previous day. Young Women's Institute.— A sacred concert was given in the Young Women'3 Institute on Wednesday evening, when the attendance was good, and Mr. T. W. Fleming presided. The following programme was gone through : — Organ solo, Mr. Hall ; ' Consider the Lilies,' Miss Sharp ; ' Charity,' Miss Klauer ; duet, Misses Hughes; 'The Lost Chord,' Miss Sharp; 'The Reaper and the Flowers,' Miss Stafford ; duet, Misses Hughes; song, ' There is a green hill far away,' Miss Klauer ; ' The Chorister,' Mr. Everett ; instrumental duet, Mrs. Norman and Miss Simpson; song, ' Ruth and Naomi,' Miss Klauer ; song, 'The sweet story of old,' Miss Stafford; 'Listening Angels,' Miss Klauer. New Books. — We have received from Messrs. Robertson & Co. copies of three books which have lately been published by Mr. Hogg, of Paternoster Row. The first of these ia called 'The Birthday-book of Art and Artists,' and it is compiled by Mrs. Davenport Adams. Itaim3 at giving some thing more than mere space for the insertion of frienda' names, and is got up in a com plete and highly creditable manner. One side of each page is devoted to brief sketches of great artists or to choice extracts from celebrated writings on art, and two appen dices and an index make the volume some what of a handy book of reference. ' Dainty Dishes,' by Lady Harriet St. Clair (Lite Countess Miinster) appeals especially to ladies at this season of the year. We lack the special knowledge required for the valuation of such a work, bat the fact that it has now reached it3 tenth edition should be sufficient guarantee of its high standard of excellence. The third volume on our table i3 entitled ' Plodding on, or the Jogtrot to Fame and Fortune/' and i3 written by Mr. H. Curwen. It is, in fact, a collection of biographies, and the sketches which ars furnished— consisting of lives of George Peabody, John Kitto, Robert Chambers, Charles Knight, Hugh Miller, George Romney, M. W. Watson, Thomas Brassey, and Abraham Lincoln— are of a most interesting character. Death of Mk. T. G. Brown.— An old and worthy colonist, Mr. T. G. Brown, of King William-street, died from an attack of dysentery on Thursday afternoon at his residence, Horncliffe Villa, Wakefield- street. The deceased was 71 yeara of age, and had acquired a well-earned reputation among business men in the city for his integrity and uprightness, Naturally of a quiet and unob trusive disposition, he never occupied a public position of any kind, but he, neverthe less, took a keen interest in political and municipal matters. For over twenty years he was an elder of Chalmers Presbyterian Church, and, along with Mr. Henry Brown, held that post throughout the la*e Professor Davidson's pastorate of that Church. He was also for a considerable time a member of the Masonio fraternity. The deceased ar rived in South Australia in the ship Irene in 1854 from Berwick-on-Tweed. He leaves a son and a daughter, both of whom are married, and three grandchildren. FUXEKAL OF THE HON. THOMAS ENGLISH. —The remains of the late Hon. Thomas English, M.L.C., were interred in the West terrace Cemetery, on Thursday afternoon, December 18. The City Council adjourned their fortnightly meeting out of respect to Mr. English, and attended the funeral. The cortege consisted of the hearse, five mourning coaches, and a long pro cession of private vehicles. The service was conducted by the Rev. D. Paton, M.A., and at the grave there were a large number of persona present to pay their last tribute of retpect to the deceased gentleman. The chiel mourners were Captain English, J.P. (brotheiV Mr. Joseph English (son), Messrs. H. J. Sou-.hwell, T. G. Brown, jun., and P. H. BurQuj (sons-in-law), Messrs. R. Gardiner, G.K.sioWard (partner), R. Hay, J. Kelly, C. Hammed, - Gatty, H. Brown, and J. Brown. Among, those present were His Honor the Chief Du,tice, Sir Henry Ayers (President of the Legi&a;,tive Council), Sir William Milne, Hons. Di. Campbell, M.L.C., W. Sandover, M.L.C., R, A. Tarlton, U.L.C., J. G. Ramaay, -M.L.C. J. Pickering, M.L.C., T. Hogarth, M.L.C, W. C. BuikAM.L.G, J. B. Spence, M.L.C., J. Hodgkiss.'M.L.C., M. Salom, M.L.C., J. C. Bray, M.P., and L. Glyde, Messrs. J. H. Howe, M.PJ E. T. Smith, M.P., T. King, M.P., L. n Furner, M.P., P. B. Coglin. M.P., W. i&Beaglehole;, M.P., R. Rees, M.P., and JH. Bagster, M.P., the Rev. J. Macbean, M.l, the Mayor of Adelaide (Mr. W, Bundey, IP,), and the following mem bers of the City Corporation: — Aldermen Either, Fox, Richardson, Holland, and Shaw, Councillors Rounsevell, Frost, Klauer, Nicholls, Downs, Raphael, Bullock, Parker, and Robertson, and Mr. Thomaa Worsnop (Town Clerk), Dr. Gardner, M.D., Mr. R. Berry (City Missionary), Messrs. F. G. Singleton (Clerk of the Legis lative Council), John Thompson, fl. Thompson, J. L. Bonython, J.P., F. B. Burden, J.P., J. Robertson, J.P., and W. Everard, J.P., D. Garlick, E. H. Bayer, L. A. Withall, E. Davies, and J. Haslam (architects), C. Farr, H. Fraser, and L. T. Carter, and many other citizens. College Pabk Chubch.— A public meet ing, preceded by a tea, was held in the College Park Church on Thursday evening for the purpose of welcoming the Rev. J. R. GlasBon, the new minister of the Church. Mr. G. P. Doolette presided, and expressed the pleasure he felt in publicly welcoming the new pastor of the Church, who, he did not doubt, would prove a worthy successor to their late pasfcor, the Rev. R. Searle. He wished Mr. Glasson every success in hia ministry, and assured- him of the cordial support of every member of the Church in the work he had in hand. Mr. W. C. Calder then gave a sketch of the circumstances which had brought about Mr. Glasson's pre sence in their midst. On the resigna tion by the Rev. R. Searle in May, 1883, of his pastorate a council of four gentlemen had been appointed to assist the deacons in selecting a minister to fill the vacant position. At first they thought they would be able to secure a minister in the colonies, and with thai view communicated with several of the leading ministers of this and the other colonies. For a time they thought they had secured the services of a minister from Victoria, but he disappointed them, and it waa decided to Belect a minister from England. The visit of Mr. Robert Searle to England was taken advantage of, and he was asked, in conjunction with two or three Congregational ministers in London, to select a suitable man to fill the pulpit here. These gentlemen ultimately selected Mr. Glasson, who was desirous of going to Australia, and as a result they were met that evening to extend him a hearty welcome. At a meeting of the Church held a few days ago they were asked to confirm the appointment of Mr.. Glasson, and out of the forty-seven members who were entitled to vote forty-five were present and registered their votes in favour of Mr. Glasson. Mr. Glasson's call to the position was therefore a unanimous one. He wished Mr. Glasson every success in his work, and hoped he would gain as large a place in the hearts of the people as1 their late lamented pastor had done. The' Rev. J. R. Glasson tien addressed the meet-' ing, and spoke in warm terms of the hearti- i ness of the reception he had been accorded in Adelaide. Owing to circumstances which were pretty well known, and which he did not propose to detail, he had decided to leave' England and make his home in Australia, for : which he predicted a very great future before . he received any invitation to come to Ade laide. He had severed his connection with the Baptists, with whom he had been asso ciatedformanyyears, because he differed from their fundamental tenet, viz., that baptism : by immersion was a necessary preliminary to membership in the Church of Christ. He - felt that a broader conception of Christianity i was necessary than was implied by such a ! limiting doctrine as that, and though he was '?? greatly pained at having to separate from : friends whom he loved and revered, he i thought it his duty to join the body to which he now belonged. He had been asked, and had promised before leaving England, to call i at Adelaide before {jo?ng elsewhere, and he , therefore felt morally bound to offer his ser vices here even had he been offered . some- . thing better elsewhere. He was. very glad he had come. So far he liked both the city and the people, and he would do his utmost while among them to ' promote their religious and other interests to the best of his ability. He thanked them in warm terms for the kind manner in which they had welcomed him in their midst. Addresses were delivered by several of the ministers present, among whom were the Revs. C. Manthorpe (Chairman of the Con gregational Union), T. Hope, F. W. Cox, James Lyall, and D. Badger. Musical selec tions were also given by the choir, and a collection was made in aid of the Building Fund. Bazaar at Goodwood. — Some tune since it was decided to hold a bazaar to assist in defraying the cost of the new Bible Christian Church, Goodwood. On Thursday afternoon the bazaar was opened by Mr. T. King, M.P., who, in performing the ceremony, alluded to the progress Goodwood had made during tha last few years. Less than twenty-five years ago that township, which had assumed such large proportions, was an open sec tion. He expressed himself very much pleased with the appearance of the Church, and congratulated the congregation on having taken time by the forelock and bravely undertaken the responsibility of erecting so commodious a building. He understood the Church had cost £2,000, which was a very reasonable figure indeed, considering its superior finish. Three hundred pounds, he believed, had already been collected towards clearing off the debt, and he urged the congregation to exert themselves to wipe out the balance. The schoolroom adjoining the Church 5n which the sale was held was tisLefully deco rated with evergreens. Ranged on either side were sta'la loaded with innumerable articles both useful and ornamental, the former pre dominating. These stalls were presided over by Mesdames Morris, Bridgland, Pruit, Hicks, J. Ashton, Hill, and Misses Bridgland, J. Ashton, and Gibson. At the end of the room Mrs. Gibson and Miss Ashton suDerin tended a well-laden refreshment-stall. The youngsters were not forgotten, a large Christ mas-tree being erected in the centre of the room, where the Misse3 L. Bridgland, L. Ashton, and Whitmore attended to their wants. Th ere was a large attendance through out the day, and the bazaar promises to be success. Salisbury Young Men's Society.— The annual conversazione of this Society was held on Wednesday evening, in the new In stitute Hall, Salisbury. The President (Mr. J. P, Swann, J.P.) occupied the chair, and ihere was a large attendance. The President said the Society waa 18 years of aje, the past session had been a successful one, uceful work had been done, and the membership roll was about the largest on record. The opening of the hall was an epoch in the Society's history, as with its superior accom modation greater success might be looked for. The programme, a rather lengthy one, was well carried out, and the net results finan cially will be the addition of about £10 to the funds of the Institute, which with £20 pre viously given is considered a worthy contri bution from the Society. The overtures (piano and violin) 'Songs of Switzerland' and 'Lucia di Lammermoor' were well rendered by Miss Norman and Mr. G. Offelsmeyer. About twenty members of the Sol-fa Class, led by Mr. A. Wittber, gave with good effect the glees 'Departure' and 'God bless the Prince of Wales.' Mr. H. J. Coker was very effective in the song 'The Sea i3 England's Glory,' and with Mr. Blake in the duet ' The Sailor Sighs' and ' Run them in' the latter taking amazingly wilh the audience. Mr. E. Moss recited ' Ask Papa,' Mr. C. Ball 'The Country Squire,' and Mr. A. H. Pedler ' Cceur-de- Lion at the Bier of his Father.' The duet 'The Flower Ga therers' was nicely given by the Misses Blake, and the soncs 'Summer Showers,' ' There let us Dream,' 'Come back to Erin,' and 'At the Ferry,' by the Misses Kek wicfc, Swann, Jone3, and Pretty, respectively. Thefamusing farce, 'A Dead Shot,' by members of the Society, raised hearty peals of laughter, Mr. H. G. Paternoster being es pecially good as Louisa. During the evening a number of conundrums were read in com petition, and the prize was awarded to one sent in by the Secretary (Mr. Moss). Mrs. '^illiam Urlwin, jun., also secured a prize for ivies' work— a beautifully-made cloud. The Natioial Anthem closed the proceedings. Semaphore Art and Iotustrial Exhi bition. — This. Exhibition was concluded on Thursday afternoon and evening. There wa-* a large attendance. The principal feature in the entertainment, interspersed between several choruses by some ten or twelve children under Mr. Fowler, were several competitions. For recitations, Mr. E. Mitchell obtained first place for a well-delivered piece —'The Dreadful Story of a Masher,' and Mr. Bott received mention for his 'Spanish Champion.' A spelling-bee caused con siderable amusement, and MiG3 L. Burton and Mr. J. Styles proved themselves equal in a proficiency of the art.' Mr. McLennan was adjudged the best of several impromptu speakers, lie subject being 'Courtship and Marriage.' About twenty conundrums were sent in, and Mesdames Burton, Kennedy, and Purvis awarded Mr. Millard the palm for the best. Misses E. Millard and E. Shorney contributed instrumental music Mr. E. H. Derrington, who acted as phreno logist, was largely patronised. Altogether the affair was considered a. decided snecess, and it is intended to make it an annual insti tution. City Council. — The usual fortnightly meeting was held on Thursday, December 18, but the only business undertaken was the disposal of the Finance Committee's report, it being decided to adjourn out of respect to the memory of the Hon. T. English, M.L.C., who had filled the position of Councillor and Mayor of the city. Some of the Councillors, led by Councillor Raphael, endeavoured to prevent a postponement, but the Standing Orders were suspended by ths wish of the mrjority, and an adjournment was made until after the holidays. The financial report for the fortnight ended December 16 stated that the receipts amounted to £1,953 2s. 9d., the pay ments to £4,906 7s. 8d., and that there was a balance on the debit side of £13,633 19s. 6-L The Torrens Dam Erection Fund showed the receipts to date to be £2,510 6s. lid., which, added to £15,000 loan, made a total of £17,540 6s. lid., while the expenditure was £17,465 7s. 4d., and there was a credit balance of £74 19s. 7d. The Chairman of the committee, (Alderman Tomkinson), in moving the adop tion of the report, spoke in somewhat dia couraging terms of the large overdraft on the city receipts, and a few remarks on the matter were made by other members. The Mayor stated there would be no overdraft at the end of next year if his advice wa3 fol lowed, and called attention to the fact that £9,000 of the debt had been incurred before his term of office. Entertainment at Norwood.— On'Thurs- day evening, December 18, the pupils of Mias M. E. Jones gave an entertainment in the Noi wood Baptist Church Lecture-hall in aid of the Sunday-school Building Fund. There was a fair attendance. The programme,1 which consisted entirely of instrumental music, was creditably carried out The young ladies, some of whom were very young, in their manipulation of the piano showed the : results of a careful practice, and reflected: credit on their lady teacher. Those who took part were the Misses Simpson (2), Clark, Marshall (2), Anderson, Mead, Glyde; (2), Ingham, Hughes (2), Conigrave, Lambert, Thomson, and Andrews, and Master G.; Doolette. School Concert.— The pupils of Mra. and: Mj'clcs Wellsman-gave a concert before a full attendance of parents and friends, in the; schoolroom, Semaphore-road, on ? Thursday night, December 18. Displayed on a table was an interesting exhibition of the children's fancy work during the past quarter. The pupils, who number over 40, ranging between 7 and 16 years of ag8, showed considerable proficiency in woolwork, Poonah pa'nting, wool and beaded slippering, and crewel work. There was a p;.ece of handsome Mdw'ork ! surmounting an emu egg, and a pretty sampler, the latter being the production of a child 7 years ot age. A programme was well carried out by the children, who proved their progress in instrumental and voo! mtisic. ; They were;also questioned in variouBbranchea i of education, the enBwers being of .&? satis-, factory character. The concert, which- was the first of. its kind in connection wiih the school, passed off well. . j Unley Public School.— An entertain ment on behalf of the Piano Fund of the Unley School was held on Thursday even ing in the Unley Town Ball. Mr. W. Gooch, J.P., Chairman of the Local Board of I Advice, presided, and the entertainment j proved a thorough success, the hall being crowded. The programme included songs and recitations by the pupils of the school, and at the clone an amus'ug farce, entitled 'Knave of Hearts,' was well rendered by the Unley Juvenile Dramatic Company. During the evening prizes were distributed by the Chairman to the scholars, and he gave a short address, in which he spoke in com mendatory terms of the management of the Unley School. A vote of thanks to the Chairman, Mr. Burnard, and the 'pei formers of the ferce was moved by Mr. J. H. Bagster, M.P., and carried with acclamation. Spiritualistic Exposure. —The Young Men's Christian Association Hall was crowded on Thursday evening, December 18, when Mr. Kirkham Evans gave his exposure of certain stances which had been conducted by Mr. C. Reimers of late. It appears that Mr. Evans secreted himself in the ceiling over Mr. Reimers's roomB, and with the assistance of confederates, who had gained admission into the circle on the plea that they were enauirers after the truth, carried out a sericT of Tappings and manifestations which were attributed by Mr. Reimers to spiritualistic agency. The close of the proceedings was some what disorderly, owing to several speaker* ruing and protesting against the deception that had been practised upon Mr. Reimers, and the dishonest way itt which Mr. Evans and his friends had treated that gentleman. Waterfall Guily.— It will be remerr bered that during the present year the Government banded over the control and management of the Waterfall Reserve to the District Council of Burnside with a view of that body making the locality more attractive. In the discharge of this trust the Council commenced early in the year to widen and improve the footpath leading to the falls, but owing to wet weather, operations had to be stopped until the winter was well over. As soon as the wet weather fairly ceased, the work was resumed, acd has been recently completed. The gradient of the footpath has been considerably im proved, besides being widened, so that the mo3t timid person can now ascend to the top cf the falls with ease and security. About two chains of the upper port'on of the path has been fenced, and in carrying out this work the Council had many difficulties to contend with, the greatest being the difficulty of fixing the posts on the outer side. To overcome this the fence has been constructed as follows:— 3 x 3 redgum sleepers, about 5 feet long and 10 feet apart, are let into the rock about 6 inches, besides being bolted and leaded with bolts varying from 12 to 18 inches long. On these sleepers are erected 4x3 posts, bolted and stayed with angle ironB. On these posts are bolted three rails of VDLstringybark in such a manner that they help to' stay the posts. The whole presents a substantial appearance, and its strength and security is undoubted. Besides this work the Council is now calling for tenders for making the last section of the road available to the public, io as to give complete access to the reserve at all seasons in the year. It is also propocr'd during next winter to obtain Bxritable trees from the Forest Department and plant them in the Reserve. These works will certainly tend to add to the attractions of this favourite place of public resort, and we feel cure that visitors to the falls during the en suing holidays will appreciate the improve ments already completed. The Reformatory Hulk.— An entertain ment was given to the lads on board the Hulk on Thursday night by the Port Adelaide Christy Minstrels, actuated by a desire to lighten the monotony of the youngsters' existence on board. The programme sub mitted was well carried out, and the efforts made by Me3srs. Lamb, Stokes, Campbell, and others were highly appreciated. Th6 credit of the enterprise, which was one of a series, is due to Mr. A. Weippert, the school master of the Hulk. It has been most wisely suggested in conjunction with the Hulk that the waifs and strays of Bociety should be separated from the criminal classes, and in order to do this an excellent opportu nity'is afforded Captain Walcott to draft off a lot of the better boys to his vessel. 