WHEN WE TWO PARTED. By SARAH DOUDNEY, Author of "A Woman's Glory," See, Published by special arrangement with the author. All rights reserved.] When we two parted In silence and tears, Hail broken-hearted, To sever for years.—Byron. Chapter XXXI. — The Minister's Answer. Set free from David, Lydia Meade wasnow at liberty to revel unchecked in the sweetness of her new attachment. Qer father, always indulgent, bad promised to think as well as he could of this stranger who was coming to ask for his daughter's hand. But, as he had said to David, there was no light upon the pathway now; he was walking on, bewildered and sad, conscious of failing strength, and almost longing for the end of the journey. The London season was nearly at an end, and Balph Norrington had at last contrived to get a Saturday night's holiday. He was as worn and jaded with work as a man well could be; and as the train rushed on into the open country he leaned back in his corner with a feeling of intense relief. He was going to make his propo3al in due form; and then, in a very short time, he hoped to carry Lydia to a London home. A thousand times he had said to himself that he was getting more and more wearied of un realities. To have Lydia in town would be like keeping a sweet country dower always growing under his roof. She would be to him a perpetual refreshment. He wanted to live a life quite apart from the wearing, glittering lifa cf the stage. He wanted to have some thing quite fresh and real in his home, When Balph wanted anything he never gave himeelf the trouble to think how these desires of bis would affect other people. He was not concerned about the effect of trans plantation on the flower he coveted. As to his father and Bister, it would not bo necessary to tell them anything until he pre sented Lydia to them as his wife. They loved him after their own fashion, but there had ever been a sense of distance between them and himself. Kathleen, sweet and loving as sbe was, had sever sympathised with her brother's Bohemianism. She was a conven tional woman, and had a decided taste for the commonplace routine of every day life. As to Mr. Nether dale, that mysterious gloom of hiB always seemed to deepen when his son chanced to pay him a visit. Balph thought that his father had never thoroughly forgiven him for those youthful follies which had caused so much discomfort in the curate's household. True, the money had all been repaid, and the curate was now a vicar with a rich living; but Balph could not believe himself heartily pardoned. It was not the flrat time that he had fallen in love; but he was quite sure that he had never loved so seriously before. He could recall hiB first fancy for a sun-burnt maid by the wayside, who was the very counterpart of Sterne's Nanette, with " viva la joia in her lips, viva la joia in her eyes." The liking had lasted nearly a whole summer, but had passed away with the roses, leaving not a trace be hind. It was one of Balph's characteristics to remember only the pleasant scenes of life. Looking back upon the bright faces that he had loved, after his manner of loving, he always saw them gay with smiles—the tears were invariably forgotten. And now he was under a new influence; and it was an influence that might, he believed, tend to calm and purify his whole life. Lydia'* Puritan faith and artless sim plicity had awakened in him a deeper feeling than he had ever known before. He found bis rooms at the Pine Tree smartened up for his use; linen smelling of lavender; empty grates filled with fern ; a bnneh of roses and mignonette on the sitting room mantelpiece. Ho ate his late lnncheon with a better appetite than nsnal; and then Btarted off at a brisk pace in the direction of Eden Cottage. A letter had prepared Lydia for his coming, and she was waiting for him in the parlor intensely shy, and overwhelmed with the full consciousness of her great happiness. A slight thrill of disappointment ran through him as he enterod; they had not met since that eventful evening in the rose path, when she had worn her black silk gown. There had been obstacles in the way of meeting; bat they bad written frequently. Lydia's letters were tender, delicate, refined, with sweet-scented leaves pressed between the pages of note-paper; — just the kind of letters to deepen tbe impression that she had made. And he had always thought of her as she had looked on that Sunday evening among her roses; a lovely girl in the very perfection of her bloom, wearing the rich black gown that fell aronnd her in simple and artistic folds, as fair a study as ever the heart of a painter could desire. Only three weeks had gone by since that meeting, and her beanty had undergone a change. The soft face was a little sharpened; there were faint indications of shadows un derneath the eyes; and the look of perfect serenity was gone. She had put on the gray diess again, and had fastened a cluster of scarlet geranium near the throat; but the gay flowers did not harmonise with the modest and quiet style of her loveliness. Through those three weeks Lydia had be9n living a new life of ceaseless emotion, and it bad left marked traces upon her countenance. Hitherto she bad existed in a pleasant little dream world, in which Bhe had always felt calmly confident of herself, and a trifle superior to other people. Then came the great Bhock of David's return, and the still greater shock of finding that ho consented to the snapping of her chain. She had felt herself tightly bound, and had been gathering her forces for a struggle; and he had quietly let her go. She had looked for a decided opposition from her father, and he had yielded unresistingly to her will. Bcsistance would have brought out all the latent obstinacy that is so often found in mild women; but, finding that no one thwarted her desires, she began to wonder uneasily whether thQse desires were what they ought to be? Ephralm, when joined to idols, was to be let alone; and the thought of being "left to herself" was very terrible to lydia Meade. The minister had stipulated that Mr, Norrington should avoid coming to the cot tage in his absence; and as Joseph Boyle lay long upon his sick-bed, Mr. Meade preached at Mill Gate for three more Sunday evenings. Now, however, that Joseph was able to fill his place again, the old pastor gladly returned to his own pulpit, and the journeys to the Mill Gate chapel were given up. His gentleness and patience smote Lydia to the heart. He did not once blame her for that hasty bestowal of her affections, although he showed himself quietly deter mined to know all that was to be known of her suitor; and while the two were together in the little parlor, he sat in the study, calmly waiting for Ralph to come in and speak to him. It was impossible for Ralph Norrington to loae his graceful ease under any circum stances. A man who fronts crowds of psoplo every night must always have perfect control over gesture, voice, and manner. The faint shock of disappointment that he had expe rienced was never known to Lydia; his tone was as soft as ever; his eyes rested upon hers with unaltered tenderness " I was tired of waiting for another gli mpso of you," he said with a caress. " Wnat a weary delay there has been." " Yes," she answered shyly; " but it could not be avoided. And we must be happy now." "Quite happy I hopo. You have had a great deal to worry you, poor child." "I have been troubled; everything has seemed strange. The old familiar life is gone." " But there is nothing that you regret ?" ho asked quickly. •' No; only my old peace of mind." " My doar child, that will surely come back." "I don't think it ever will," she said, look ing up with pathetic eyes. "I feel I am goiDg to be a new person; a happy person, £ am sure, but quite new." " If you intend to change yourself I shall be exceedingly disappointed. I want the little person with whom I fell in love among the roses, and nobody else." But even as he spoke he was half conscious that the subtle charm of those first hours of intercourse had fled. Tney were not in the rose-path now, and there was a lack of beauty in their surroundings. The room was bare; it could only boast of one easy chair, which hardly deserved its name; and the others, stiff and ugly, were ranged in a straight row, with their backs to the wall. There was a round table in the middle of the apartment, covered with a cheap green cloth; above the chimney-piece was a large engraving of Moses holding up the brazen serpent, with countless Israelites perishing under the fangs of reptiles in the foreground. And all along the walls were those dreary portraits of de parted divines, most of them discolored with age, and all remarkable for that unloveliness of feature which seemed to be the characte ristic of certain worthies of a bygone day. "Are any of them alive now?" suddenly enquired Balph, pointing to the portraits, and feeling that they were beginning to exer cise a gloomy fascination over him. " Any of them? Oh, the ministers," said Lydia, comprehending with an effort. '1 No; they are all gone into the heavenly country." "So much the better—I hope they have new faces there," he remarked with impolitic candour. "They were very godly men," Lydia said gravely. "But why were they all such awful guys? I know one earthly saint who can woo a soul heavenwards by the power of her angel look." He spoke with his arm wound round her waist, and his eyes resting fondly on hers, She smiled and shook her head. "You ought not to say such things; you speak too lightly. My father is expecting you in the study; we must not keep him waiting any longer." Quite undisturbed at the thought of the approaching interview, and perfectly un moved by her rebuke, he stooped to kiss her. The minister was sitting in his usual place at his table, always drawn close to tho window in summer. He rose and met Mr. Norrington with a grave courtesy that was appreciated at once, and impresoed Balph as favorably as bis face. For a moment, as he met the gaze of those mild, grey eyes, the younger man felt as if he were an intruder, come to trouble whis venerable denizen of aland of peace. He returned Mr. Meade's greeting with due re spect, and seated himself on the other side of the table. Here again was Moses, occupying the post of honor over the mantelpiece, with Aaron and Hnr staying up his bands, while Joshua discomfited Amalek, One glance at that picture convinced Balph that nobody with any imagination could look at it long without a sympathetic aching iu tho joints of his arms. There were more grim portraits, more stiff chairs, and a bookcase filled with _ sombre-looking volumes; yet somehow this study was less Uuinteresting than the parlor; It was a room hallo sved by earnest thought and prayer; many had come here to tell their secret troubles, and had been sent away heartened and consoled; many a home truth had been spoken within these walls, and many a word of divine ten derness. The room, humble as it was, had gathered a treasure of sacred associations within its narrow limits, and was a kind of lowly sanctuary. "I fear I am an unwelcome visitor, Mr. Meade," began Balph with a smile. " A man cannot expect a cordial reception when he comes on such an errand as mine. I am here to ask you for your daughter." The minister bent his head gravely, and still regarded him with the same steady gaze. "My child tells me," he said, "thatshe has already given you her heart, I have yet to learn whether she has done wisely, Mr, Norrington. Her station in life is humbler than yours, I think; she has been brought up among simple people. Are you willing that she should tread the old path? Are you ready to walk with her in the narrow way of holiness ?" "Heaven forbid that I should ever lead her out of it," exclaimed Balph, fervently. " Her goodness and simplicity are her greatest charms. I do not want my wife to be an artificial woman of society, and I look to her to make me a better man." "The spirit of God often works through human agency," the minister replied. "My child has told me that you are setting your face Zionwards. And truly there is very little in this world that a man may not turn his back upon with content." Ralph's Becond self was not disposed to agree with those last words. A voice within him answered that there are many things that a man does not care to torn his back upon— pleasant follies, that are not bad enough to be called Bins—vanities and luxuries that are only third or fourth cousins to vices. He was distinctly conscious of a desire to play the part of Mr. Facing-both-ways, aud get all possible enjoyment out of the life that now is, without losing his hope in the life that is to come. He remained discreetly silent until Mr. Meade spoke again. There was a brief pause, filled up by a big humble bee which entered through the open window, and buzzed with the power of fifty ordinary insects, TheD, after a blundering flight round the room, it went out to lose itself in a maze of jessamine; and Balph found himself absently following It with his eyes. " I am an old man," the minister went on. " My feet are drawing near the brink of the river. I want to leave my daughter in good hands—you must not blame me for wishing you were not a stranger. The acquaintance is short, far too short, Mr. Norrington." His tone was troubled, and his eyes rested searchiDgly and anxiously on the face of the man before him. It was a young face, but worn and shar pened into premature age by the incessant toil of an actor's life. There was no mous tache to hide the most expressive feature in the countenance; the mouth, that unfailing indicator, was folly revealed. It was hand some and cleanly cut; but the lower lip was full enough to bo Bensual, and there lingered on it sometimes the ghost of a mocking smile. The eyes, dark and might, were rather cold, and told nothing; yet Mr. Meade, most un suspicious of men, could feol there was a wall of division between Balph Norrington and himself, although he did not know what had raised the barrier. " I can offer her most of the good thing3 of this life," Balph replied. "And though lam i stranger to you, Mr. Meade, mine is by no means an unknown name. I am willing that you should make the most search ing enquiries; I have few enemies and a very fair number of friends." "Do not think me wanting in courtesy." The minister spoke with dignity, although the words were apologetic. " As I have said already, I am an old man, and I live in a retired place. I hear nothing, or next to nothing, of the celebrities of the time; it is a great age, and a clever age; but great aud clever people do not cross my path. I belong to the past, Mr. Norrington, and you must pardon my ignorance. You are a painter, perhaps, or a writer ?" " Neither a painter nor a writer," Balph answered, frankly. "I am an actor, Mr. Meade, Balph Norrington, of the Star Theatre." If he had announced himself as Beelzebub of the bottomless pit, the minister could scarcely have been more startled and horri fied. But as the horror faded an expression of most unwonted sternness settled upon his face. " I must have more Bins on my soul than I know of," he said bitterly, "or this trial would not be sent. The Lord's wrath Is kindled against me and mine. My daughter's feet aro taken In a snare, and my grey hairs will be brought down with sorrow to the grave. Yon must leave me, sir, or it may be that I shall say things , that are better un said." "Leave you—and without an answer?" asked Ralph in astonishment that was not all feigned. "I have but one answer to give." Mr. Meade lifted his hand with a solemn gesture. " It is this—I would rather follow my child to the grave that give her to you." Ralph rose gravely, and stood confronting the old man with the calmness that only comes by long training. He felt that no blustering would avail him here; and, to do justice, he had no wish to say an angry word. He knew little or nothing of that peculiar sect to which Mr. Meade belonged; it was the first time in the whole caurte of his light minded life that he had over stood face to face with a genuine Ruritan, and he was as ignorant of the minister's deeproatsd aversions as if they had been dwellers in different Bpheres. His own father was natu rally a man of broad views; and although he bad not been well pleased with his son's choice of a profession, he had never regarded it as a sinful one. Ralph had expected a little head-shaking, and a lecture on frivolity and waste of time ; but he had believed that Mr. Meade would be quick to see the advan tages offered to bis child. They were poor people, these Meades, occupying a humble station in the world; and the suitor had come forward with confidence wholly unprepared for the stroDg rebuff which he'had received. "1 have done nothing to deserve an insult, Mr. Meade," he said in a quiet voice. "I came here to make an honorable proposal, and I bad your daughter's permission to come. What is this terrible fault that you have sud denly found in me ?" " The fault that Elijah found with Ahab, when be said ' Thou hast sold thyself to work ovil in the sight of the Lord!' Do you think is a light thing, sir, to make mirth for those wbo ought to be weeping over their sins? Their time is short, their day of grace will soon be ended; and you teach them to spend their precious hours in tjifling and vanity !" John Endicott himself, that puritan of puritans, could hardly have spoken in sterner language when he smote the Maypole of Merry Mount. But Mr. Meade was by nature a man of a gentle spirit, and the re buker suffered more than the rebuked. The outburst of righteous wrath had pained and exhausted him, and he leaned back in his cbair with a heavy sigh. Ho one wonld ever realise what it cost him to utter a harsh word. And yet, as Ralph Horrington looked at his pale face after the passion had faded out of it, he did vaguely comprehend that the minister, in smiting him, had wounded his own heart. 