Measure for Measure. CHAPTER IIL—(Continuti.) WHICH SHALL I CH006B, He lifted his hat off as he spoke; perhaps he was conscious that a hat was never an improvement to him. It threw a shade over his eves, and hid his silken, beautiful hair. "Mr. Fitzjames, T have wanted to. meet you, to see you, for ever so long," •began Millicent Bhyly. " I want to tell you how very, very grateful, how deeply obliged to you l ata for all your kindness to Dick. Indeed "—into her softly sweet eyes upturned there came a mist, into her voice a sob from the intensity of her feeling—" indeed, I, at any rate, have not deserved this from your hands. It is good of you." He turned his head sharoly away, but his hand took hers kindly, and Ms voice was very gentle as he answered: "I don't tMnk you have.ever understood me, Millicent; if you had, you -Would not have avoided me as you have been doing lately. Child, I want to be a true ana substantial friend to you, your real happiness and interest are things I would call nothing, remember, a cost, to forward by any means in my power, and luckily I have a little power you see, just now at any rate. I don't believe you have ever given me the chance•' -of congratulating you, have you? I do, Miss Barnes, congratulate you very sincerely. Tou have chosen for yourself, but I think (and the more I see of him the stronger I think it) that you have chosen as well as anj of your friends could wish." " Thank you," she said, simply, but she gave his hand a little grateful squeeze, for his tact and well-chosen words had taken all embarrassment from her mind. She hesitated a moment, and then whispered, timidly: " When may I be able to congratulate you, Mr. Fiteriames?" ." T " ; "Tou shall have that privilege some day ; I promise you," he returned, looking steadily at her. " I am off to Switzerland next week; who knows, perhaps my fate may entrap me there." ''I hope it will—as happy a fate as you deserve," she replied, fervently; and then he remounted his horse. She smiled and waved her hand in response to his l)ow, and they went on their different ways. CHAPTER IV. 1 1 WIXTEH " Summer had waned and winter had come; not only in the fields where the tipe, rich grain waved no longer, but the long furrows stretched gloomily; not bnly in the woods and park, where the leafless trees stood gaunt and -cold, and in the gardens, where the naked rose-tree pitifully crept up the, sheltering sides of the house it had beautified all the summer; not only tint of doors, where fought sleet and rain and bitter winds, but inside -"old Barnes'" comfortablefarmhouse, where the fires roared to do their best to cheer, and doors and windows shut snugly out the uncomfortable leather; winter had entered in very truth, and all die brightness of that house had gone. Millicent had striven as long as she could, and bravely, against the stealing chilling winter of doubt, and fear, and mistrust, and auger, that was in her heart, now eating out its sweetness and paling her clieeks and dimming her eyes, .until neighbours declared "they should not hare known the girl. She did take to heart, and no mistake, her lover's behaviour." Weeks had gone on and mails had come in without bringing any tidingB to Millicent from Dick Hannaford. She had had but one short, hurriedlywritten little note before he wept on board the steamer,' never a line since, or message, though in her turn she had written over and over again, and implored.an answer. He had arrived safely in Mexico she knew, had gone up.jthe country, and was doing his work thoroughly to his employer's satisfaction ; jbo much she learned, from Fitzjames or his mother, principally from the latter, for she rarely saw Herbert Fitzjames now. He was little at the Hall, but when Millicent did meet him he always talked to her of her lover, mentioned the news he had had from something pitiful mariner towards herself, as if he knew a something she did not, and once or twice he seemed on the point of telling her ihat something, but hesitated, evidently from the fear of giving her paiiC ⅆ site made no 'way (dear for him toipeak to her. There was something she ought to be acquainted with, something that sooner /or later ebe muBt know, she felt sure, but for the life .of her die could not ask what it -WBS^ jOT prepare for the wont. Sttfl^ s her out. : ear Millicent, tow ill you look," Mrs. Fitqamea kissing the pretty, tired one aay remarked. " Ah, child, I fear you are fretting your heart for one whom I always thought was not half good enough for you. " What makes you say that? rt cried the girl, ready to pai with her best friend in i defence of the lover whom her own heart had condemned nevertheless. My inward convictions," said Mrs. Fitzjames, -calmly. " Never mind, we will not argue about it, dear, you will learn the truth sometime, and if I am wrong, it will be all for your happiness, so I shall he very glad, but—" " I can't bear buts," cried the girl, passionately. "Forgive me, Mrs. Fitzjames, I am cross and irritable today, for I had no sleep last night. My father was taken so ill yesterday. Jt was a kind of fit he had suddenly in the afternoon." Tes, as troubles seldom come singly, Millicent, in addition to her own stifled anxieties, had the great one of her father's illness to beqr, for " old Barnes'" fit did not pass over quickly or harmlessly as some fits do. Day after day the doctor catne and. looked grave each morning, and day after day as the cold wintry mornings came round, "old Barnes" asked ms one trying question of his daughter "Have you heard anything from Dick yet, Millicent?" And she • answered softly always : " Not yet, father." "Until Christmas and th© New Year had long passed, then she came dancing into the invalid's room one morning with a letter held high above her head: "A foreign letter at last, father. Now we shall hear what account his lordship has to give of his silence Smiling all over, Bhe sat down and opened the envelope with its curious stamps and postmarks, and its large schoolboyuh writing she knew so well. She did not hurry, for it was joy just to hold it in her hand, and she would scan its dear words leisurely, and so enjoy them more; but the sick man watched her impatiently, as she sat by his eide, and when he saw her face turn suddenly like a dead peron's, and the > head drop down on- her hands with a little agonised moan, he leaned forward and snatched the letter- as it fell on her bed. Yes, he knew Dick Hahnaford's lain, honest- looking hand-"writing, but Ee hardly thought he would have written thus to his daughter: " Dear Millicent," the letter ran, "it is useless keeping the truth from you any longer, though I dare say you hare in.part gueBsed it before this, by my silence. I nerer could pretend the things I was not feeling, you know, so I could not write loringly, and > as you would expect, when all the time I knew I had changed in my mind. Believe me, Millicent, there was no deceit in my mind when I told you how fond I was of you in the summer. I was fond of you. I am now, and always shall be for that matter," but what I thought love was only fondness, and there is a difference. I have learned what true love is now, and I can only hope (and if I were not always certain that it is so, I dare not write to you like this), that you made as much of a mistake as I did in fancying our brotherly and sisterly affection was more than brotherly and sisterly liking. In the steamer crossing from England, I met a girl, beautiful, fascinating, clever, ana she took a fancy to me, and—and you guess the rest, but I swear I tried my best to aroid her when I saw what was coming of it. I tried hard as any man could by to fight back the lore that leaped up at sight of her, to remember my promises, to think of you and to remain loyal to you, bat it was Of no use. She came up country, too, and we were thrown unexpectedly together again when I thought it was all fought atad conquered, and then auddpnly I found out that die cared just as much forme as I did for her,' and I lost my head and my honour, and everything else that ought to have stopped me, I know. Well, we are married, she and L I send you the announcement of our wedding' in the accompanying paper, and I can only beg your forgiveness. I have behaved like a aoouudrel, I know. I can never show my face in the old place none of the old folks would take my hand, and Fitzjames may back me out of his employ for any thine I know when he hears what I hav«§loae, but if you can write a line and say I have not hurt you very much, Millicent, say that you can forgive me and bear, no malice, Idon't care a straw for any of the rest. Remember when l said those words to you in the summer, (words that I nerer ought to have said, it's that makes me such a scoundrel), I had new seen any woman but yourself, scarcely. I knew no more about love than a school boy. I hope with all my heart, Millicent, you will soon find somebody else much more worthy of you than I could ever have been. 111 could bear yan were going to be happily. married, I should not have a wish in the world—Yours penitently and apologetically, Dick Hannaford." "Scoundrel!" hissed old Barnes through bis clenched teeth, and he crushed .up the letter in his weak hand and . shook it impotently in the air. "If I had one hour bade, of my old health and strength I would follow him and hoxsewfrip the falseness ont of him. I never thought that boy would hare turned out so, I never did. A cruel, black-hearted scoundrel." j" No, father, not that," said Millicent, softly. She was white as a ghost rand every limb trembled like a leaf in a breeze, but she moved quite steadily and took the crumbled letter r from her father's hand and smoothed it straight. " He is only a little fickle and changeable, and it is .better he should c i how it now thaalater, as to.might; s —, debtor ,, want to anBwer.his letter « once to set his mind at ease." She went to her own room and die locked the door, but though she stayed there until too dark to see one piece of furniture from another, there were only these few lines traced on the paper she brought at last for her father to read. Dear Dick,—Our engagement was all a mistake, and I think it is better for both of us that it shouldbediBcovered now than too late. I do not blame on in the least Forgive me for the tand I had in making the engagement that ought never to have been. Dick, dear, I truly hope you will be very very happy. You will always have my I rood wishes, but I think it is better by jar you should not come back here. I had rather we never met again. I am not likely to be married just yet, but before long I dare say I shall, and happily I hare no doubt.—Yours affectionately, " You have let him off as easily as that," said her father, reading the few tear-stained lines, " without one scolding word, the black false traitor." " I—I loved him," whispered the poor girl, faintly. " Now father, let us never mention his name again please.' " I shall think of it with curses," muttered the old man. "It i unlike Dick, I could not have believed it of him. Is there anyone in this world to be trusted, when the boy I have known from a baby and believed good of turns out a scoundrel ? H it wasn't his very own unmistakable writing, Millicent, I could not credit it." "I see nothing to doubt about it," was the quiet answer. " He has only changed his mind, and a man's mind is more easily changed than his coat nowadays." It did not seem to make much difference to Millicent, the neighbours said, when they heard that her engagement was actually broken off. She always looked a fragile, porcelain figure and she had given up laughing and girlish, merry ways for some time now. She seemed to ail nothing, and she went about day by day as usual, and she waited upon her father with, if possible, a little more devoted, untiring tenderness than before. But that foreign letter and the American newspaper that followed it a few dayB after, with the unmistakable printed announcement of Dick Hanuaford's marriage in its columns, had given old Barnes a blow he could not rally from. " I could not have believed it of the little chap as I held on my knee when he was a babyhe said, over and over again to anybody who would listen. " So fond of our Millicent, too, he was when but a bit of a thing I could hold in my hand. Deary me it seems to hare shaken my faith in the world somehow, that the boy I knew and liked ao well has turned out a scoundrel." It had shaken his hold on the world, for day by day old Barnes grew worse, and the doctor said, now it was only a question of time. Millicent coming in one afternoon from an errand -in the village, found him rest- less and excited, and as he seized her hand in his own hot, strengthless one, he said: "I have had a visitor, Millicent, all the time you've been away, and I told him what it was worrying me so much, but he knew of it all before we did. He told me a lot more, too, and now, child, I want " "Yes, father; what?" asked the girl, bending loringly over as the weak, hurried voice failed. "I want my girl to promise me something that will help her old father to die easy. I am dying, Millicent— nay, lass, you need not cry—old folks must go, and my mind is comfortable to think of it, for it is bright enough where I am going, dear; but who will take care of you when I am gohe? it wears out my heart to think. My bonny bairn, you are too pretty, and tender, and good, to stand alone against a world where the boys we have known since little,chaps turn into scoundrels when they grow up; and there is not a relation in the wide world I can leave you to—there is only your aunt, who Is not fit to tie your shoe, and is a fool into the bargain, Millicent," emphatically, die fevered voice collected its strength for an earnest appeal, "promise your,-old father,! before he dies, one thing. Promise it for all the lore he has-ever given you, his only bo&ny; child." "I promise you anything," she said, through her tears falling thick and fast on the eager old face, so thin and drawn;' ana bleached of its weatherbeaten ruddiness now, that but for its fond kisses she might not have known it. " Then promise to marry the man I ask you to. A good man, Millicetit, and a gentleman, and loving you with all his heart. He was here this afternoon, lass, and he told ine all about it, how he never said. a. word, nor wonld not hare done when he thought your heart was all given to another, but helped that other an all h^ could for your sake, and gave him good advice and everything. But now—now when yon go about like a ghost, and there joes not seem a bright bit in the sky for you, darling, he wants to comfort yon if he can, only he does not think words of his could comfort you, and bo hangs back from saying them, but I told him what I tell you—my daughter is no true woman if a true, gentile, tender lore, no matter what kind the man may be that offers it, fails to touch her, and if he is a gentleman with fortune and all only too glad to shower down before her, mid a man of the world, too, who has seen scores of prettier women; why, then, the very f eal, ought to comfort her, all the more when she compares it with that knave's s that we knew ever since he was a little s hap and never dreamed could turn ont - o bad." Exhausted with lus ragged w cent, lor, my lasi, sy till you do." And stooping to wipe the cold perspiration from bis brow the girl said steadily, though her lips quivered and her eyes darkened as she spoke: "I solemnly promise, dear father; tell me exactly what it is you want me to do, and do it I will—for your sake?" Many Herbert Fitzjames!" earnestly and low. "Lassie, I shall know you're cared for then. Say ' yes' to it, and I'll bother yon no more, deary." And she hesitated an imperceptible moment only before Bhe said, gently, Yes," to set Mb mind at rest. CHAPTER V. ItABBISD. They stood in the park side by Bide, on the exact spot wherp on that June evening Millicent had rescued the village child from under itB landlord's horse. Side by side stood Millicent Barnes and Herbert Fibgames, as the light was waning slowly. She was in deep mourning for the old father who had lored with an unselfish, fond derotion, plain old farmer though he had been a pure, strong devotion no nobleman could have surpassed, had gone in spite of her tenderest care, and she was feeling very lonely this afternoon—not one person in the crowded world did there seem for her to claim or be claimed by. Mrs. Fitz james was up in town just now. Milli cent all done in the old farm-house, with only memories to bring tears, had felt quite glad when Herbert Fitzjames had come with kindest consideration of manner, and that gentle tact that was his fascination, to ask her to take a walk with him. They had had a fairly long one through the woods end over the fields, but not one word of anything but ordinary conversation had he said to her until now, when they stood there just in. the act of parting supposedly, then he looked in her face and asked in his quietest way: Do you. remember an evening in. June, last June, and what happened just here, Millicent?" Do I not," answered she quickly. Oh, Mr. Fitzjames, how everything has changed since then." "Not everything,"Millicent." " Everything belonging to me," she said, with a quiver in her low voice. " Except my love?' He Baid it quite quietly, with only a glimpse of a passionate something repressed, forcing its way, as it were, in spite of his great self-control, but she caught the glimpse and she started and turned, beginning to talk about anything in a hurried, vague way, only conscious of the desire to postpone what he might say next. "That valet of yours to whom I used to have such an objection, Mr. Fitzjames, when did he leave you? I only noticed you had a new servant in his place last week. You know whom I mean, that foreign man, Italian, was not be ? Berurah, or some such name." "Berurah. He left me Bome time ago. I faiew you had an objection to him and that was quite sufficient reason for me to make the change." " Oh, I am sorry if you killed the man. Did you hare a quarrel with him then?" " I nerer quarrel,'' replied he dowly, "I found him another situation, and we parted amicably as possible. If there is anything dse you object to in my place or establishment Millicent you hare only to name it, and it shall be amicably re' moved," he laughed a little and came a step neater her. "You speak as if you were an autocratic sovereign and I your favourite," scud she confusedly, with a shrinking from his hand that clasped hem nevertheless. " My farourite you are," he smiled, then his voice deepened. "My farourite and far more The one woman I humbly bend before, and entreat that out of very compassion, if from nothing better, she will accept my lore, and gire me the power to cherish, to guard, to worship her. Millicent, when first we met in Paris, a something told me my fate had come when I bent over you heie, almost a year ago, you know—after you had done that hero's deed of earing fellow-creature's life—I knew it to more convincing certainty." His beautiful voice, thrillingly modu- lated, gave each slowly uttered word a charm, and a power die felt without defining. Her hand rested passivdy in his, but hef head was turned away, so that he could not see what her faoe might say. He went on after a moment's psase : "You kaow d«t fcald mm back. When I would hare spoken the words that trembled on my lips more than once, I doubted there was little chance for me; I leaned the gift I would have laid down my life for was bestowed upon another, but I loved you all the same, Millicent. I tried to think you had chosen wisdy, and I did my very beet, as yon know, to promote your happiness in -the way you had chosen to find it, but it made no difference in my love, for all that. And then yon ~ sd, and I could do nothing to help you there, ody when it was pi for your $yes to see that you had trusted too well, when you learned, my lore, that he was base and false, whom you had believed bo single- hearted and noble, then hopes that I had crashed ont began to steal up again among the affection that wad always yours. Men of my calibre do not lore twice. Happily or unhappily, on.ee means once for alL Just another tiling 1 , Millicent," she had gently takm away 1st hand to ptees ft over her face. " I hould not obtrude my hopes on you so oon, but for your fathers expressed wish that I should ask^ou to lie my ife without ddiy. ^ . must come „ res&y; io give it. I can wkit as I have waited, until you will come of your own free choice to me, my love." (To it ooniinued.) Miixioent Babnes." 