BLACK .BESS. BYA MRs M. L RAYE. [ Was it a dream I We certainly did not think so at the time, nor have I, in all the yeais that have gone by siu:e, had occ*sion to change my mind about it. Indeed, the conviction that it was not a" dream has grown with m'y growth and streng~'tleed with my strength, and the' pro m.'aiace which it assumes as a'part of the . eats of the past confirms and sustains that cnviction. li not a dream, wrhat was it ? There are certain psychological conditions in people of abaQrmal temperament in which phenomena are recurrent and unexplainable. o?i may not be able to see ghosts in disem bodied spirits with your natural sight, but when the friend of years tells- you with the most solemn asseverations that some one long since dead has appeared to him in bodily shape, will you dare to deny his word or aiErn that it was a delusion I The eyes are wonderful mediums of vision, and the soul is an occult philosopher, and -'There are more things in Heaven and earth Horatio, Than are dreamt of in your philosophy." The Stiotch people are believers in second bight. My moaher was a lineal descendant of the old Sootch Coveanuters, a weakness of sentiment or super t'tion. How gloriously she whipped us when we were boys, not in a temper, like a virago, but with the calm force of a Spartan miother, until we had learned to abhor lira and tale- bearing, and were able to conquer effectually the large deposit of the old Adam which muddled aur moral natures. We were alarge family, one of the old fashioned kind, regular and numerous as steps to a stair. When my elder sister was married and living at home I was a little fellow in raundasouts, and I often thought-with perhaps a slight tinge of dissatisfaction -that it was like having two mothers at once. Next to my sister came the pride and honor of our family, Roderick, my eldest brother. He was a tall, fair-haired lad of 22, but like a man of the world in all his ways. He was our business head, since my father's. death. My father was the minister of the old kirk, and preached till he died. Roderick was to have been a minist.r, too, but he a;w .ys said no; the world's work was best f( r him, and it was when he was doing his be.-t work in the business, ranks, buying and selling and making a clean heap. of money to add to the old estate-well mllght we younger ones lb pi oud of our braw elder brother ; and then it was mother had her dream. But was it a dream I' Our mother was not a dreamer, nor did we know she had any gift of second sight. Often we would sit about her in the gloam ing and beg her to tell us eerie stories of fetches and appearances, but she never did, declaring all such foolish gossip as pernicious to our minds. So she sung us heroic songs I instead, or recited the valiant deeds of her ancestors on the field of Flodden, or told us Bible stories that were like romances as she related them in her stern, deep voice, and comnmand;ng manner and strong Scotch idiom. But as often as we dared, one or another would summon courage to say in the half dialect we used in the family;, u Mither, tell us what ye saw when fayther deed."' Then her eyes would glow like two live coals deep in her head, and her voice would sound as if it came from some great distance, and she would say in that still, soft. way that has something hushed and awful in it. "YelU no remember the day. But to me it's as clear as yestreen, I waur- biding at home alone, for you,- Allan, waur a baby. It' waur a Sabbath, and your fayther preached as he aye did at Ordequill Kirk, and it waur not time for them to be back- when I lookit out and saw your father coom up the hill; waur pale as death, an' I thocht it waur his last sickness, he lookit that ghostly white." SA' thin, nmither 3' we would hurry her with, as she stopped anid looked down. " There's nothing more to tell,"' she would say wearily. " It waur no your fayther at all; he dield i' th' pulpit, a half hour after wards, wi'out a word of warning. What I saw come up to the walk and which never I eame in at the door waur his wraith come to I give me warnin'. Now, children, tin awa', and ver me no mair." When we younger ones spoke to Roderick - about it he always said mother was overtired and dreamed that, but we had not settled it in ourownminds wl.eawhat followshappened. Roderick had been away for a week on some business cf land selling- he was en gaged in, and we were expecting himr home on a Saturday night in tim for supper with the family. But, he did not come, and we were more disappointedthan we cared to own. Mother did not say much, but she looked worn and put. out. Her room was a small bedroom off the living room, and she left a hot fire burning, for the night was cold and dreary, and she. knew. Roderick would be wet with the heavv winter fog that hung overe-verything without. We did not. lock or bar the door, a precaution, indeed, that. we seldom took;, and expecting to see iTxlerick in the morning, we all went. to bed. to meet again at the breakfast table. That morning mother was late, a most un common thing for her: My sister had spoken with her, and she was getting- her-clothes on, , so. we all sat around the table with our porridge-bow's before us, and waiting for the blessing which begau each meal, and without which we dared not touch spoon or-knife. When mother canme she looked around the table andl asked quickly: " Is no Roderick doon yet I' " No, Iithsr," said Jinny, " Roderick is maat home the morn, sia he did na come jestreen." "But. hedid coom,"szid motheri "he's I up yon, sleepin'. Ye neel na disturb him," and she bent her state'y head in its widow's i cap and hivoked that blessing of which we I had nereryet heard one word. That it was all right we had no doubt--we took it upon trust. Breakfast was nearly over, when mother-I lookel at me and said : " Rin oop. Allan, and wake your brither." My porridge was good and I had "happed on" a teapoou of sugar when my sister was looking the other way, so I whined, "Sind Robbie, mither; he's through wi" the wittles," Mother looked at me. I rose expeditiously s enough then, and weLt up the well- worn t steps three at a time, whistling the air of c " Bonny Kilmeny." I then kicked on Roderick's door-once or twice. No answer. t Next I knocked decently, and called, i "Roderick ! beest in i" 1 There was dead silence. I opened the a door a little, then wider. There was no one s there, and the bed had not been slept in. . I went down stairs and told my story. i My mother roseup wrathfully and said in t her sternest voice: - SAn' yev'e been trifling I'll warm .your jacket, Allan !" But I was not afraid. She did not find Roderick any more than I did. " Awa' to the barn," she said, and she I came down; " he'll be there, happen." But no Roderick was there. " How come ye to think as how the lad was at hame V" asked Jinny, as she cleared I the table. "I saw him," answered mother, solemnly; "I saw hirm wi' my twa een. He coom in aboot twal o' the clock, and I spake wi' him, but I mind he didna answer. Happen he's dead, as his fayther wan afore him. Aye, Roderick, my son, my son 1" All unconsciously she used the pathetic words of King David, and we children were thrilled as if a weird prophesy had been spoken. All but Jinny ; she?was not a ro mantic young woman, and she had no super stition; so, she said whiles. she folded the cloth: "'Ye dreamed it, mither." " Aye r as I drearned about your fayther, if ye call that dreamingf' responded mother. " There he is now," cried Jinny, pbinting ) to the window, " cooming up the hill on a gallop. Rin, children, and open the gate to i him." "That. Roderick !" I cried, contemptu-, ously. "Why, that's a coal-black horse, and he rode away on a sorrel mare. Na, , na, that is na ma gude big brither." But indeed it was, as. I saw a moment later when he rose in his stirrups and waved his cap to mother in the doorway. I ducked under her arm--our mother was. a woman of stature-and ran away to meet my brother How good and handsome he looked as he put his hand down to help me on the saddle-bow in front of him. " Mither thocht you wure deed," was my first foolish remark. "Not yet, little brother," he said, laugh ing lightly, u nor likely to be, please God ;" he doffed his cap as he spoke. Mother waited on him at his late break fast with hungry eyes, and Jinny piled up the barley cakes, each one hotter than the other. " You woman folk spoil me," he said, be tween the mocuthfuls. "Now me ain mither, what waur it ye dreamit about me I" "It was na. a dreem," said mother. "Ah, noo ye ken it. was, said the laughing laddie, " or if it pleases ye to call it a vision, what waur the vision I" "Ye will laugh at me, thin," said mother, in a low voice, "but if ever I saw ye alive wi' ma twa. een, I saw ye last. nicht at twal o' the clock as plain as I do noo." "An' what was I doing mither T' We all gathered, wide-mouthed and staring, to hear what mother would say. " I will na say a word," remarked mother, with sudden anger, 'if a' body laughs ; ca' it a dream if ye want,, but listen respectful like, (whiles, I taik." The Scotch are not a nation of gigglers. In a moment our faces were as set' as, flint. "It waur nicht, dark nicht,' began mother -and I hed kep' awake listenin,' listenin' for ma boy to coom, for you ken it's the first time he has ever disappointed me, and I expected him every moment, happen naught had gone wrang I waur wide awake an' watchin' the fire i' the chimney-place, and wiles I thocht of him, and whiles I thocht of his fayther he is so vere like, an' thenthedooropened sudden like,, and he walked in and went oop to the fire. I was'na surprised an' I did'na speak I yet ;. he took off his great-coat, an" I saw it was'na wet, an' I wondered what hed kept hir dree ; he hung his coat over a chair-ye know it's your way of doin'--an' he took off his neckerchief and hung that on the chair, too, an' stood over the coals and shivered i" thin I called, ' Are ye cold, lad i' and you never spake, nor turned your head -an' ye were that pale I thocht ye waur faint a ridin'" "And what Became of me or my double I' asked Roderick gaily. "That I canna telL I knew no more, for my mind was easy at your bein' at hame, an' I slept till late this mornin'." "That she did," said Jinny. "But where waur you, Roderick, the nicht ?' "At Bailie Blaverback's, who once went a-courtin' our good mither here when she waur a slip of a lass. Eh, mither. I'll warrant ye can blush yet, like a rose i' the "Ye graceless lad !" said she with the lovelight in her eyes, as she followed his Severy motion, so proud and fond of' lhim in his brave manhood. "And now, mither, you've often heard said 'that one story is good till another is told.' I rode ten miles over the heather and brachen to get hame thismorn and here I am not deed at a' nor littin to be. So you're dream or vision is at fault this time. Now, come out all o' ye and see the brave black steed that is to fill the sorrel mare's place. Black Bess is a beauty, and I got her at an even dicker." "A black horse isan uncanny baist," said my mother, gruefually, "Looks likea mute at a fun'ral," interposed Robbie. "Whist," said J-inny; sharply, "you're enough to kill one in your dismal claverin'. Gang awa into the sunshine, and get, the black man out of your thochts." t It w s a bright morning after the fog, and we thronged out with a 'will to see the new Spurchase, mother with father's. plaid over her shoulders, the rest of' us bireheaded and full of pranks. Roderick brought out the horse, a mettlesome creature, .with much white to balls of her eyes, and her. sleek ears laid well back. Prancing and curveting, she went the round of the yard, Roderick. holding the halter stiap with a firm grip. Suddenly Black Bess cast a shoe, i ' Pick it up fir luck," whispered Robbie. " Take the halter, Allan,?' said Roderick. I was mortally afraid of the tower;ing beast, but more afraid to. disobey my brother, a;nd I stepped up gingerly and held the halter while the unicanny creature sniffed at me suspici ously. Roderick stooped at that moment to pick up the shoe. He was laughing, mayhap, at my sacred face, for the black brute gave a lunge, a violent kick, and landed me on- the wood-pile. Then she rushed to the barn. I scrabbled down and run up to Roderick. The shoe was in his hand, he was still smil ing, but there was a settling in all his limbs, and in a moment he lay in a heap at our feet,'dead-aye, dead, and the smile frozen on his face. It was so awfully sudden that we could not at first believe it, and even when they told us that the imprint, of that brute beast's foot was found over his heart we hoped against hope that he might survive. All but mother. I am an old man and my hair is lint white, but I'll never forget, no never, how she stood.and looked at him without a tear or a sigh, and said to herself over and over : " It waur na dream t It waurna dream!" \---etroit Free Praes. 