A Nice Colonial Town. The following description of the new township of Pine Hill is given by a correspondent of the J?cak Downs Telegram. Pine Hill . is the new terminus of the Central Kailway in place of the much talked of Bogan tunean : — . '' ' The truth is, paradoxical as it ap pears, that Pino Hill is built1 on » miserably low flat, on a high dust heap.' It is here that people are forced to exist — not live. They breathe death from the unwholesome vegetation. It is here that a Primary School is to be erected, where ' innocent children are to learn cleanliness and purity. How can they in th-s hotbed of disease? It requires a strong remedy — this disease. We say nothing of sand flies, flies, and mosquitoes, snakes, centipedes, and tho bosom friends you get at nights. We throw these trifles in. ' On the social side — If the natural characteristics of railway camp life aro such, -what aro the habits aud oustoms of the people? Have these people come here to correct the abuses of a former life 1 Alas, no. | Many of them come here to sink deeper into the depths of pollution. Hero we can find the escapee from the French settlement, the Pole who euilgiuiou tu Olive ilia liionum vtvajji/uiv/ Russia, the Italian who has plotted against his country, and Fenians by the score. The ' Heathen Chinee' is to the fore, both as shantykeeper and gardener. Every nation under the sun is here even' the Esquimaux and Kamskatdales. Free Kanakas mar ried to white women by Eockhampton ministers ; blacks, who came here for food, and who soon feel all the horrid disease which curse and afflict life ; girls, who have lived profligate lives in j the old country, have settled down here in the shanties as barmaids and ballet girls, to allure the simple bush man 'who has a cheque to ' knock down.' There are two very good hotels at Pine Hill. The other hotels are not like this. There are about thirty business houses up, and of these twenty are grog-shops. Not more than four are licensed nouses, but all sell j . alike. The Licensing Board is at j Liiermoni. i-one 01 uiu jjuiuu bibi - go to Pine Hill. A man puts up a ; phanty, or hotel, and applies for his : license through an agent, who is paid by him. The police say that they know nothing against the publican The agent certifies that his client has fulfilled the conditions of the Act, and the Bench grants the licence. I know men who make brandy, and rum, and sell it to the hotels. It is not the duty of the civilian, but of the police, to find out these neato of iniquity. Do they do it ? No. At a shanty one night I was awakened by an intoxicated policeman who wanted a nip ! A number of our shanty-keepers are ex policemen. The forms of life at Pine Hill would cause any one to blush. In three hotels about twenty young girls were living, drinking, and dancing, and to hear these girls curse anil swear was painful. We saw girls of tender ages, not more than twelve or thirteen years of age, dancing with ' flash ' young bullock drivers in the hotels. These are hells of the worst order — New York or London cannot vie with them. One landlady swore by tho ' Holy Ghost.' The most abject degradation and vile blasphemy flew out from the lips of the women. Who lives in that 'humpy ? Oh, that is the residence of the Black Angel. Another domestic is known by a wovse name, and so on. For pure, simple, unadulterated, and systematic swearing and filthy language, take me to Pine Hill. 