A Sober Rebuke. THUS the Border Post; — It is stated that the Brisbane School of Arts has ostracised (!) the Figaro from their table. Dealing with, the statement meant to be an- nounced, in a staid solemn manner as if it had been grammatically mentioned, I am able to give it the lie direct. I know, for myself, all along, that it was the emanation of what bushmen call a "pes-ant," but, as plenty of my readers might not know that, I chose to get a sober contradiction to an idiot's ravings. I showed the copy of the B.P.—the first he had ever seen or heard of—to Eglinton, the secre- tary of the Brisbane School of Arts, and I pointed out the two-lined paragraph quoted at the head of this article. Eglinton was surprised, and assured me that the question had never even been discussed. So I got from him this letter:- "Dear Sir,—The statement that Figaro has been "ostra- cised" from the School of Arts is decidedly incorrect. "D. Eglinton, "Secretary, "Brisbane School of Arts." Of course, I knew beforehand it was incorrect, in fact as well as in Grammar. If the reader will only look at it again and ponder over the italicised and marked portions he will find it still more "in- correct." If the Stanthorpe School of Arts doesn't —ahem ;—"ostracise" the Border Post (oh lor!) "from its table," the grammar (and need I say the morals) of the community will go on the loose. Two editorial (remember, not typographical) mis- takes in two lines is neat enough for a Border man in a modestly-general way, but, in this instance, they are beautifully "finished off" by the elegant statement that something—no matter what—can be "ostracised" "from a table." The classical reader will immediately kick himself with delight at the humorous use of the word "ostracise;" the un- classical will please look up the authorities and then go into convulsions about the misuse of a peculiar term. "Ostracise from a table !" One might as well say— Little flea with frenzied pow, Welcome to my bosom now. But this all comes from learned jackasses using words they don't understand. The difference be- tween learned and ignorant jackasses is, that the latter know that they are fools, the former don't. The difference between a literary jackass and a common-sense pressman is—[Oh; never mind that. What's the mileage between Brisbane and Stan- thorpe ?—Ed.] Since you won't have sober prose, let me drop into mad doggrel:— The wind that shook the barley "Was far too much for Farley As he combed the golden corn-cobs from his hair, And muttered, "I'm forlorn Since Ebenezer Thorne Persuaded me to lift his load of care." The very thing that's best to Be done I will suggest to The parients of Farley of the Post For though he is a young man, His withers are well wrung, man, When he perceives no longer "walks the ghost." This is the way we used To suffer when accused Of doing aught that naughty boys will dare; Please, note, oh I festive squirrel, Oh! father-in-law Tyrel; And, boys! just notice how his eyeballs glare. A man lost his trousers in the swimming baths the other day, some rascal having purloined them while he was swimming. He complained to the attendant in charge. The latter searched everywhere without success, and was fast becoming distracted when a brilliant idea struck him. Scratching his head and looking puzzled, he enquired of the loser, "But are you quite sure you had 'em on when you came in ?" # # # A Divisional Board gave an energetic German the other day a contract to build a bridge, but afterwards altered the plans and specifications. Fresh plans had to be prepared and these were subjected to the usual official slowness. At a recent meeting, the Divisional Board received the old German's account, with a request for prompt payment. As he was at hand, he was called in and congratulated on his speedy com- pletion of the work. "Why," said the Chairman, "you can't have had the new plans more than a week or so, because I met the engineer only the other day and he hadn't had time to start 'em." "Vhell," replied the Teuton; "I knows nodings apoud dot. Der pritch is puilded, pud I don't knows vheder der blans vhas trawn out yet!" 