A WARNING VOICE FROM MOIRA. In inquiring into the causes which brought about the resalt arrived at by the lectors of Moira on Friday la9t, we feel that we are undertaking a delicate, although a necessary, task. It must be at once admitted that Mr Graham, the snccessfnl candidate, had three immense advantages over his opponent, Mr O'Lejry ; first, in the fact that he had, as recently as the 22ud of March, 1883, canvassed nearly the whole of the elec- torate, in a corner of which ho only had been known until that occasion ; secondly, he was addressing a constitnency whose political sympathies were very decidedly in favor of a Protectionist candidate; and thirdly, he was supposed, rightly or wrongly, to be a nominee of the Govern ment. On the other hand, however, Mr O'Leary was known to be honestly op posed to any interference with the tariff or the Education Act, until a majority of the constituencies had declared in favor of some alteration in these measures, and, personally, there was no comparison between the candidates in education, in telligence, or in weight and consideration, which are the natural adjuncts of these qualifications. Taking the result of the previous election as a guide to the pro babilities of that jnst concluded, the aver age observer wonld not have 6een any particnlar reason why the facts that Mr O'Leary was an Irishman and a Catho lic shonld militate againBt him in the approaching contest. Because the con stitnency had oh two former oooasions, and once so recently as a year ago, re turned Mr Bolton at general elections, although he was of the same country and professed the same creed. Mr Bolton also had beaten the same Mr Graham, who is now returned, and considering the immense advantages which Mr O'Leary individually possessed over either . Mr Bolton or Mr Graham, it wonld have been reasonable to assume that if there were not some new and disturbing ele ment at work, Mr O'Leary would poll at least as well, relatively, as Mr Bolton. That such an element had, however, in the meantime, become a factor in. the contest was shrewdly suspected before the polliDg-day, and made itself quite manifest before the nnmbers were finally declared. It is oar present duty to point out what this freBh agont was, how it was brought into existence and the warning it nndonbtedly contains. As we have said, we do so with considerable reluc tance, and wonld avoid the snbject if the lesson it involves were not of paramount importance to a large section of the com munity, and to a great number of our own most esteemed readers. The educa tion question was certainly no more at issne on the recent than on the previous occasion, but circumstances occurred in the interval which had not unnaturally embittered the minds of the supporters of the Act iu its entirety against that class of their fellow-cslonists who con sider that it inflicts upon them a serious grievance. The age of cowardly assassi nation and of dynami'e had commenced in nnfortnnate Ireland, and the public organs of the Bn-called Irish National party in Australia, or their prominent leaders, had not raised their voices sufficiently strongly in reprobation of these dastardly crimes. Nay, these journals aud repre sentative men went so far as to find excuses for those cruel outrages, or even s.ought to make it appear that they were the work of the anti-Land Leaguers, con ceived and perpetrated for the purpose of bringing the league into contempt and abhorrence. Even had the Irish party in Australia slopped there, and only connived at the reigu of terror which had been established in the old country, by their silence or their apologies, the feeling of indignation and the longing for retribution which has undoubtedly seized upon the still dominant party in Victoria might not have been elicited, or might not, -at all events, have taken an active shape. The beginning of the end is now presented to us in the Moira election. For it is useless to attempt to deny or gloss over the fact that, although Mr O'Leary had the good sense aud courage to disclaim all con nection with the Redmonds, he was identified with the cause which they openly or covertly advocated, and designing persons, who knew better, pretended to think that his moderation was only a ruse for future treacherous purposes. State-school, Yackandandah. — The papers in connection with the competitive examination, which was held on the 10th ult., have been returned by Inspector Rix. The following are the results : — Third class, general prizes — Alice Roper, 1, Yackandandah State-school ; Margaret Keller, 2, Yackandandah State-school ; Emma Murphy, 3, Yackandandah State- school. Fourth claBs, general prizeB— Maud Hall, 1, Yackandandah State-school; Edwin Oole, 2, Yackandandah State- school ; Ada Kate Nichol, 3, Allan's Flat State-schoel. Fifth class, general prizes- Isabella Michelson, 1, Yackandandah State- sohool; James Burgis, 2, Yackandandah State-school ; Robert McGnwan, 3, Hills borough State-school. ' Sixth class — Thomas Hayes, 1, Yackandandah State- school ; Mary Ann Carroll, 2, Gundowring State-school ; Bedilia Quirk, 3, Gundow ring State-school. Upper sixth class- Ida Michelson, 1, Yackandandah State- school. Dux or merit prize — Ida Michel- eon. In addition to tht> above prizeB there will be school prizes. The number of schools competing this yeaf was only four ; but the . majority of the pr&es; have been obtained by pupils attending "the Yackan dandah school. Telegraphic. — A telegraph office has been opened for business at Boort. Prevention of Mining Accidents. — We have received a copy of tbe following circular from the Mining Department : — "Sir, It has been brought under the notice of this department, by the Bendigo Miners'. Association, that several fatal accidents have occurred owing to men either walking or slipping into shafts at the various levels of mines ; aud it has been pointed out that, if self-closing gates were placed at all entrances to shafts, the liability to accident would bo considerably lessened. The Inspectors of mines are of opinion that, if gates were used, or if two bars instead o? one were provided (see General Rule 7 of Section 8 of "The Regulation of Mines and Mining Ma- chinery Aet 1883 ) at every entrance to a shaft, either of such courses would materially conduce to the safety of the miners. In many mines in the Sandhurst district either self-closing gates or two bars are used, and as the cost of complying with either of these proposals would not be very great, the Honorable the Minister of Mines, having had the matter under consideration, directs me to request that you will be good enough, as far as possible, to cause effect to be given to one or other of the suggestions referred to. — I have the honor to be, sir, your most obedient servant, C. W. Langtree, Acting Secre tary for Mines and Water Supply." Leases Approved. — Geo. K. Jephcott, 320a Or 3p, Tintaldra ; Geo. Seamons, 160a, Murchison North ; Joseph Amery, 320a, Beweya. Licenses Approved. — Joseph Corker, 3500a, grazing block 653, Wangaratta ; OctaviusDauiel, 22,000a, grazing block 225, Omeo ; A. C. Munro, 1000a, Peechelba ; Thos. Southern, oa, grazing block 107, Oxl ey John Connor, 65a, grazing block 1011, Rutherglen ; James Lord, 9000a; grazing block 998, Tullangit'a. : Grants Approved. — Richard Clements, 4a 2r 28p, Whoronly ; -UieUaol Macna- mara, 4a lr 28p, Whoronly. Clerk of Petty Sessions.— Constable Robert King has been appointed to act as clerk , of petty, sessions at Stanley, vice Constable- J. Water-, transferred to Beephworth.. , , ' Returning-officer.— Mr. Robert Hill has been appointed retnrniiig-ofiicer for the Bchool district of the Middle llidiug of the Shire of Oxley. Death of Mr John Clements. — We are sorry to record the death, after a long and painful illness, of Mr John Clements, an old and much respected resident of Beechworth, which took place at two o'clock on Sunday morning. The deceased was a native of Bideford, Devonshire, and arrived at Sydney some time in 1854, ,but shortly afterwards found his way to the Ovens goldfields and commenced mining, his first partner being Mr Jas. E. McKay, a very old prospector both in New Zealand and Australian goldfields and the discoverer of McKay's Creek, Dark River. Mr. McKay left for a trip to the old country, and Mr Walter Pemberton succeeded Mr McKay as Mr Clements's partner. Mr Pemberton and the deceased worked for some time together, and eventually Mr Clements found his way to Pennyweight Flat and became a partner with Mr James Milne and Mr S. Gaylard. They held the ground and claim now in the possession of Mr Donald Fletcher ; but deceased sold out his interest, with the intention of taking a trip to his native place. He was accompanied by his partner, Mr Gaylard, and they were absent about twelve months and Mr Clements resolved to spend the remainder of his days in the Sunny South. About this time (1858) Messrs James McKay, Angus McKay (the proprietor of the "Wangaratta Dispatch"), Thomas Smith (who began a sawmill at Beech- worth, but who afterwards was lost in the Golden Gate steamer on the Californian coast) and Mr W. Wilson (representative of this journal at Wangaratta) opened a claim on Spring Creek, which was fairly success- ful; but after some time Mr Clements left, and again joined Mr Gaylard and Mr Spencer, a claim on Higher Pennyweight, and shortly after, in 1866, commenced business as a storekeeper in High-street, Beechworth. Mr Clements was about 53 years of age, and leaves a family of three sons, and four daughters, we believe well provided for. The deceased was much liked for his probity, and straightforward conduct. The funeral took place on Monday afternoon, a large number of prominent townspeople and old residents of the district following the remains to the grave in the Beechworth Cemetery ; the burial service of the Church of Eng- land being read by the Rev. Canon Howard. The funeral arrangements were conducted by Mr Thos. Sandham. The Assizes. — The Beechworth Court of Assize will open to-morrow (Wednes day) morning, before His Honor Judge Holroyd. The calendar embraces two cases — William Rowe, charged with wil fully and maliciously having set fire to a dwelling-houee, the property of the Hon. Fred. Brown, at Beechworth ; and John Btirke, committed from Rutherglen on two charges, shooting with intent to murder and unlawful assault. Alburt Football Club. — The annual meeting of the above club was held on Friday, 2nd inst., at Galvin's Salutation Hotel at Albury, sixteen members being present. Mr J. Wilkinson was voted to the chair. The acconnts of last season were produced and the balance-sheet adopted. There was no annual report read. Mr P. W. Jackson was unanimously elected president. Messrs J. H. Turner, Schmiedt G. H. Bill son, and Headley, be Vice- presidents, Mr Hulle secretary, and Mt Taylor treasurer. The follow ing were elected a general com mittee : Messrs Hulle, Taylor, Allan, Manning, Schneider, J Wilkinson, Wyatt, Heath and Hughes. It was resolved that the captain be chosen by the team on the ground, or sometime before each match, instead of having one captain for the season. The secretary was instructed to arrange icatches as soon aB possible, and also to write to the Albury Cricket Club for the UB6 of their ground. A vote of thanks to the chairman closed the meeting. A Nice State of. Affairs.— The " Hamilton Spectator" stateB that the farmers and selectors in Victoria Valley are in a state of terrorism, one unfortunate selector being compelled to clear eut after being burnt eut three times . and his property . destroyed. Others are threatened if they attempt to recover their sheep from among other flocks and the herdsman has had his horse's throat cut, through performing his duties. Public Notice. —Although the Oriental Bank has closed its doers. J. ?. Wilson, draper, of Camp-street, Beechworth, still continues to supply . drapery at the very lowest rates. Creditors of the above bank will recoup some of their losses by buying their drapery from this now admitted cheap drapery establishment. Splendid value in all departments. The cheapest house for blankets, flannels, dress stuffs and millinery without a doubt. Wrestling Match. — A wrestling match for £75 between Donald Dinuie aud Mona. Victor took place in the Victoria Hall, Melbourne, on Saturday night. The match, was in Grscco-Roman style, three falls to be obtained out of the five to win. Victor scored the first fall, and Dinnie the follow ing three, in succession. The Brighton Murder Case. — At the Brighton Police Court on Saturday James Hawthorn was committed for trial on the lotfi inst, for the murder of his brother. The Alexandra Park, Albury. — The following telegram was received on Mon day by the Mayor of Albury (Alderman Gulsou) from Mr Geo Day, M. P ; — " Have brought the Alexandra Park ques tion to a tiiiishiuo noint. The Colonial Secretary promised me to-day if the demands were not too extensive, they will be complied with ; but all streets on the reserve must be closed by Act of Parlia ment." Mining Meat. — Messrs J. C. Simpson aud party have struck a reef 20 inches wide, at a depth of 175ft., iu the Highland Mary claim, Stanley, carrying splendid stone, estimated to yield between three and four ounces oE gold per ton. Some fire specimens of the quartz were brought into and exhibited in Beechworth on Monday. Wesleyan Church, Beechworth. — The Rev. J. D. Dodgson occupied the pulpit of the above church on Sunday, and preached two excellent sermons to good congregations. The anniversary tea and public meetings were held on Monday eveiiing, and were well attended. At the latter gathering addresses were delivered by the Revs. J. D. Dodgson and J. de Q. Robin and Captain Dean, of the Salvation Army. This ' (Tuesday) evening Mr Dodgson will deliver a lecture, entitled " My Trip through the Holy Land and what I Saw," in the church. The Oriental Bank Failure. — The event of the past few days that has en gaged the attention of the public, to the exclusion of all other topics, has been the suspension of business on the part of the Oriental Bank Corporation, which has three branches iu this district, viz., at Beechworth, Stanley and Bright. The first intimation received by Mr W. M. Hyndnuui, the manager of the Beechworth branch, was a telegram from the head-offico iu Melbourne, at a quarter past three o'clock oil Saturday afternoon, stat ing : ' Close your doors at once. Bank stopped payment, under instructions from London." Having acted upon this message (a similar notification having been telegraphed to-Bright), Mr Hyudman im mediately drove to Stanley, to inform Mr Page," the manager of the bank at that place, who had. not up to that time re ceived any intimation of the disaster. On receipt of the' news from our Melbourne correspondent, we' during the afteruoon issued an " extraordinary" from this office, copies of which were: eagerly sought after. Tho intelligence conveyed in the message was of a meagre character, and various surmises as to the. probable cause of the failure were set on foot. The con sternation caused on all sides was mingled with surprise, as up to that time it was generally thought that if ever the saying " as safe as a bank" could be pro perly applied to any monetary institution, it' should be to the Oriental Bank. In fact, so favorably was it regarded, that it did one-third of the business in these dis tricts ; and from various sources and in formation supplied during the discussion of the situation, we learn that there was over £100,000 at deposit at the three branches named. Besides, it was well known that the bank had made large advances from tiuio to time to large claimholders and owners of land and other property in the district ; and in this re spect the loss and inconvenience that will accrue is expected to be great. As the news became known, the holders of Orien tal Bank notes resorted to various devices to get rid of them, but in only a few instances were they successfully passed after five o'clock. In a number of cases single notes were sold for sums ranging from 19s to 5s, a large number being pur chased for 10s. The folly of holders of notes disposing of them at the ridiculously low amounts at which they in several cases changed hands is borne out by a statement in Monday evening's "Herald" (which contains ovor six columns of intelligence with regard to tho bank's stoppage) that they were eagerly bought up that day at 15s, and some people even obtained 17a 6d, per £. Some of the banks took from their customers Oriental notes for collection. "This," the " Herald" considers, " strengthens the belief that the notes will fetch 20s in the £." In support of this statement, we notice by the printed balauce-sheet sub mitted at the annual meeting of share holders on the 30th J une, 1883, that the total liabilities due to the public at that date amounted to £11,284,901 ; the total assets were £12,830,922, and the uncalled capital represented another million and a half ; leaving a balance of assets over liabilities of £3,046,021. The last annual meeting was held on the 25th ult. , and is reported to have been satis factory, and the directors' report and finan cial statement (which will not come to hand until next month) were unanimously adopted. In the face of these statements we cau hardly understand that the losses the bank is reported to have lately sus tained placed it in the insolvent condition it is represented in certain quarters to be. Until further and more definite informa tion is to hand, we will not admit that the case is a hopeless one. We, in common with the community at large, must express sincere regret at the calamity that has befallen the bank, which ha3 rendered material assis tance in the development of the dis trict, since the Beechworth branch was first opeued, by Messrs J. H. Gray and Co., as agents, some thirty years ago, it being one of the first banking institutions established in the town. Much sympathy is expressed for the managers of the three branches and tbe officials under them, who have invariably been most obliging to their customers. Mr Hyndman (who is also a shareholder) has been connected with the bank, as manager, for twenty-four years, having come to Beechworth in 1860, and remained till 1867, when he was trans ferred to Sandhurst. Having obtained twelve months' leave of absence, he visited Europe, and on his return for some time acted as inspecting-officer, until he re turned te this town, in 1879, where he has continued ever since. Masonic Ball.— A ball under the patronage of the Beechworth Lodge of St. John will be held in the Oddfellows' Hall on Friday night, 27th prox. Football. — Some of the members of the Federal City and Albury Fpotbali Clubs met "on the latter ground, on Satur day for practice. Several young additions to the ranks were seen, who no doubt will make their mark' during the coming season. The opening match of the season will bo played between the married and' single of the combined teamB on Saturday next, this will be most likely the only, combina tion match, as the Federal City 'seein determined to hold their own against all' comers without the help of the aenior club, writes our correspondent. Supreme Court Cases. — Judgment was given in the Snpreme Court, Melbourne, on Wednesday, on an appeal from a decision of Mr Justice Molesworth in the suit of the "Attorney-General and others v Lanseil." The suit was brought by the Attorney-General on behalf of the Coll- 1 mann and Tacchi Company and others, to res; rain Mr G. Lanseil from encroaching on the mine of the company. The suit was commenced several years ago, and the injunotion had been granted; but it was alleged that prior to the interference of the Court the defendant had taken auriferous quartz from the company's grouad had mixed it with quartz taken from his own claim, and had retained the proceed?, and it was sought that he should be held liable to pay the value of tbe quartz which had beeu so mixed. It appeared that 2511 tons of quartz were taken from the plaintiff's mine, and 1235 taken from that of the defendant, and Mr Justice Molesworth made a decree directing that the defen dant was liable in proportion to tbe vulue of the quartz. Against this decision the plaintiffs appealed, and the Court on Wednesdiy, reports tbe " Argus," decided that the defendant was liable for all the quartz that had been mixed, but that lie should be allowed for the expense incurred in raising and crushing the 1235 tons obtained from his own ground. Judgment was also given in the action Cane v Sinclair : Rule tiisi to enter a nonsuit Tho action was brought to recover a balance due on a contract for the sale by the plaintiff to the defendant of the interest of the Great Comstock Com pany, Dark River, in some ground for a lease of which application had been made to tho Government. The price agreed to bo paid was £175, of which £10 cash was paid, and the balance was to be paid in a woek. The defendant purported to purchase on behalf of the "Young Aus tralian Extended Company. The plaintiff also agreed to give any shares that he might have sold in the Comstock Com pany. After the agreement was made, the plaintiff gave an order on the de fendant for £23, whioh was honored, making a sum of £33 received iB cash. He also admitted having received £73 on account of shares sold in the Comstock Company, to which tbe defendant was entitled to credit, and ho claimed the balance, £69. At the trial a verdict was given ior that amount. The nonsuit was applied for on the ground that the plaintiff sold on behalf of the Great Comstock Company and not himself, and that the defendant purchased on behalf of the Young Australian Extended Company, and that he ought therefore not to be sued, and also that there was no evidence that the plaintiff was ready and willing to hand over the lease of the ground or the application for the lease. The rule was argued before the Chief Justice, Mr Justice Higinbotham, and Mr Justice Holroy-l on the 1st April, and judgment was given on Wednesday; the rule being discharged. Extraordinary Freaks of a Lunatic. — An individual of extraordinary appear ance, aud decorated from head to foot with flowers, has been parading the streets of Adelaide and forcing himself into a religious meeting, declaring that he is Jesus Christ. He arrived iti Adelaide some time ago, and rode into the city on a donkey, with his hat and clothing and the ass's head covered with floral tributes. This eccentric conduct caused some amusement at the time, and the extraor dinary being was greeted with cheers and hoots by the assembled crewd. Nothing daunted, however, he shortly afterwards appeared in the police court, and having obtained permission to speak, was begin- ing a long harangue when the magistrate, having interrupted him, said that the court had no jurisdiction in the matter. The man then declared that during the last seven years he had announced to the world the very important fact that he is " the Son of God, the Christ of God, created solely by the Divine Power of God, the Holy Ghost, for the purpose of accom plishing His divine purpose relating to the personal reign on earth of the Lord Jesus Christ. " The man has a few converts, and is trying to get assistance from the clergymen of the various dominations to hold a public meeting. He lately pub lished a book in which he attempted to prove his identity, and he vainly en deavored to found a new sect. The Albury Railway Bridge.— The permanent iron railway bridge over the Murray at Albury is now practically com plete, stateB the " Age" correspondent. The aide lathes are all finished, and the whole of the painting is done. The deck ing and ballast are laid, aud the rails are in position. All, iu fact, that now re mains to do in order to complete the con tract is the fixing of a portion of the coping of one of the cylinders and a cap te one of the pilasters. The delay in re gard to these particulars has been caused by the absence of the necessary castings. One of the pieces has, however, now been cast at a local foundry, and the other will probably be ready in a few dayB. The whole of the wooden framework of the bridge has been removed, and by Friday the last touch will have been given to the work, the sale of the contractor's plant being announced for this week. The bridge will not, however, be taken by the Government for some time — probably several months — as it cannot be tested until it is connected with the railway line, and the work of connection goes on but slowly. The viaduct on the New South Wales side is still in a very incomplete state, thore being four or five bays of piles yet to be driven, and probably 100 yards of girders to be laid. On the Victorian side, the contractor has made good pro gress with the earthwork, the embank ment being nearly completed. The waterway connection is to Be by means of a wooden viaduct on piles, and a start was made recently with driving the piles. For some reason, however, this work has been stopped, and even if it be resumed immediately, it is rather doubtful whether it will be satisfactorily completed this winter. Now that the weather has fairly broken a flood may come at any moment, and a rise of two feet in the river would submerge the ground. Caught in His own Trap.— The " Maryborough and Dunolly Advertiser" say 8 : — "A case of a man being -hoist by his own petard comes from Yandoit. A vigneron driven nearly mad by the con stant loss of his; grapes determined to try aggressive measures and set spring gun. Day after day, however, passed without result, and the man forgetting about it, or by accident, sprung it himself and received the full charge in the upper part of his leg. He is now' an inmate of the "Daylesford Hospital chewing the bitter cud ef reflec tion, and groaning with pain, Omeo Mem. — The Omeo correspondent of the " Bairhsdale Advertiser" writes A representative of a Sydney fur, dealer is at present in" Omeo, purchasing opossum skins at 58 per doz. The Surprise pros pectors," Omeo,-. have sunk 11 feet oa a strong reef carrying good payable .gold. The Federal Australian battery, "in the same locality, is nearly ready for crushing, and as they have reduced the price to 10a per ton, it is expected a largo quantity of stone wiH'-bb put through,' ; : ;;( -V " ; . The Bank of Iustralasia.— tn ou business colums wl be found the fiftieth annual report, and balance-sheet of the Bank of Austalaeia, Vhich will be perueed with interest at the iresent time Fire at Ruther o'clock on Sunday r.orning a fire ur-M out in the premises atuated between Mr D. G. Hamilton's stor-and the post-office Main-street, Ruthergln, occupied hr \r' W. E. PhilliDS. baker. Mr Phiii;„, l . left the premises only sfew minutes to do something in the stabl at the back and on his return found thh the back part of the building was on fire The alar-n \Ta immediately given, andin a few miuut- the members of the Rutlerglen Volu-te Fire-brigade, with their engine wer- o' the spot ; but the flams had ap-eid " rapidly that it was fouid impo";b'- t" save the building. Attmtion vra -' J given to the nearest struoure on the - side, Mr Hamilton's brisk store wl-'l' was saved, and the fire confined to th burning building. Fortuntely. there little or no wind ; otherwisi the fire nii ht have caught the buildings qi the opposk side of the street, when th< effect -o-.M have been most disastrous. Mr Philljn had his furniture and stock nsured :n tL National Fire Insurance Coupsny's - flic but he will be a heavy lose:, SB nottvr could be saved, not even his pooks jV building, which was entiPly detached from any others, was the property of i Thomas Reeve, and was insured in the London Lancashire Fire Oonnantr The Railway Commissioners in- thi, District.— Monday's "Telegraph" stah — The Railway Commissioners will -cm mence their third trip of inspection to day and will proceed along the North-E-ste j line to Wodonga and Albury, calfin- - route at all intermediate stations Thei leave town at S.35 a.m. , and wfll reac'i Albury at 5. 10 p.m., at which place th-v will remain for the night, To-raor-oi morning they will leave Albury at 9 j) and return as far as the ,Sprin"» fT' which junction they will proceed alon-t'-e branch line to Wahgunyah, returnin the Springs at 12.25. They will then - to Wangaratta, and up the branch Everton aud Myrtleford, and also th-"; Beechworth, returning to Wan"antta i, 7 p.m. They will then proceed to Ben-lU, and remain there for the night Oi Wednesday morning they will inspect tii St James branch line, returning te Bena"- at 9.50 a.m. Accident in the Football Field Our Albury correspondent writes — In- year I called attention to the uuiiscesan violence used in the manly game of foot ball; and now at the opcRing match of fe season at Wodonga on Saturday have b chronicle that an accident happened to Mr McGregor, in the employ ef Meai Permwan, Wright and Go, who had hi arm broken between the wrist and fe elbow while playing in a scratch match. I Unique Attempt at Swindlixg.-Os p the cleverest attempts to swindle eia | perpetrated in the colonies has just com to light, relates the Sydney corresponds , of the " Telegraph." The device adopts | was a most ingenious one, but, luckily I was frustrated. A stranger waited oath i manager of the Monte de Piete request; 1 an advance of £800 on a quantity i 1 brandy, rum and whisky in bulk, stors | in bond, on which duty was alleged ; | have been paid. Inspection of stock mi g invited. Luckily the managing direrig for the month happened to be one of tip leading wine and spirit merchants hi Sydney, and his suspicions were arodi by the statement of duty being paid. Tsk duty would amount to over £'20>1S He accordingly told the, manager t-p communicate with the' determajl and get the Customs officer to go if '?Kf| 10 iuspect the stock. Oil arrival Yi store, the casks of supposed spirits there with the stranger and a steremsasg charge. Unfortunately the Customs ofi:s| was in Hniform, and consequently alard the rogues. A cask was selected rife everything got ready for a trial, when life: stranger begged to bo excused for a meat, and went outside. Half an fep elapsed, and as he did not return, life: storeman said he would fetch him, fcfel wont out also. Neither returned, hour and a half being consumed in furtk'fe; waiting, it was determined to take a mfe pie from the cask. The svphoa nrit inserted, and brought out excellent but being inserted again, it had to beci:f| ped a long way down before the spL-fli could be obtained. The investigitwfej showed a tin tube, about 3in ia diamets| had been inserted right through the ci»i from Bide to side, which wa3 filled spirit. The rest of the sash was fifef! with water. All the casks were filled 7?xj in the same way. It is believed i! M swindle must have cost £200 to prepc | The swindlers have not been seen since. ': A Centenarian. — Miss Hastings, ; Malvern (England), a relative oi Wars Hastings, completed her 103rd year : £ March J 3. She was thus 10 years oil i j| the time of the trial of her illustri:"- ;| relative. A Model School Girl. —A girl nam: Alice Akermer, aged 14, the daughter! vl a laborer, has just completed her educati" || at Langley School, Bucks. She has neve m missed being present since the school >i(|| opened in 1875, and it' completing lgf 3451 attendances is said to have wafcvfs 6000 miles. She has passed every dard successfully, and in the three sa-;|| jects in ' first grade draiwing obtain:;- " excellent" prizes in freehand and as also in the three stages of the subjects, literature, domestic economj: and animal physiology, and in one 5'3tfe;''| in physical geography. She has also tained 26 other prizes for good attendsatv sculpture, hewing, knitting, &c.; j, 