SFORTIXG NOTES. ROCHESTER ATHLETIC SPOUTS CLUB. Stewards : Messrs. S. Seward, president; W. Xapier, vice-president; Siinm, Jone.s, Beekwith, Hart, Ryan, H. Gregory, D. Horan. Judges: Messrs. W. Simm, T. Spencer, W. T. Webb, and H. Jones. Haudicnp4;ers : Messrs. S Seward, H. Jones, and G. Handsou. Starter : Mr. S. Seward. On Saturday the annual sports under the auspices of the above club, were held iu the Agricultural Society's grouuds, and passed off very successfully. The weather being most suitable for out-door recreation, the attendance was very large. The suui of £35 was taken at the pates. The success of the sports was iu no small decree attributable to the exertions of the hou. secretary, Mr. E. F. Price, while the other officers worked with commendable zeal. The followiugare the results of the various events :— Maiden Race of 130 yards. First prize, XI 10s; second prize, 10s. T. Garrett (Echuca), 1; F.Jones (Terricks), 2; W. Mason (Echuca), 3. This event was run in lieits, and was finally won as above, after a well contested race. Handicap "Walking Match.—One mile. First prize, £3; second,£1. W. F. G. Ham (Pannoomilloo),30 yards, 1; A. Bird (Rochester), 20 yards), 2. There were only two other starters. A protest was entered against the first and secoud man on the grounds of unfair walking, but it was not decided on the ground. Sheffield Handicap, £20.—First prize, £U; secon<J, £3; third, £2; fourth, £1; distance 130 yards. To be run in heats under the Sheffield rules. F. Joues (Terricks), 15 yards, 1; W. Guy (Boort), 8 yards, 2; D. Gravel (Rochester), 11 yards, 3; R. Kerr (Mitiamo), scratch, 4. This race was run in heats. First Round : First heat —1). Waters, 1<J yards, 1; R. Kerr, scratch, 2. Second heat—W. Guy, 8 yards, 1; J. M'Cormick, 2. Third heat—1). Gravel, 11 yards, 1; Sv. Kinsella, 12 yards, 2. Fourth heat—J. Moore, 18 yards, 1; T. M'Auliffe, 15 yards, 2. Fiftli heat—F. Jones, 15 yards, 1; W. II. Burley, 12 yards, 2. Sixth heat—H. Brougham, 12 yards, 1; H. Roney, 12 yards,. 2. Seventh heat —J. Chew, 16 yards, 1; R. A. Burley, 5 yurds, 2. Second Round ; First heat—F. Joues, 1; "W. Guy, 2. Secoud heat—Gravel, 1; Moore, 2. Third heat—W. H. Burley, 1; Kerr, 2. Jones, Guy, Kerr, Gravel, W. II. Burley and Moore were the six competitors left in, and in running off to reduce the number to four Moore and Burley were defeated. In the fiual Jones, Guy, Gravel and Kerr started, the quartette fiuishing in that order. A protest was entered against the first and second man on the grounds thatthey had not handed in theirproper performances, but as all competitors made a statutory declaration that they had faithfully represented their capabilities the x>rotests were not entertained. There was no official time taken, but some of the heats were run very quickly. Handicap Half-hour Go-as-you-please.—Frst prize, £3; second, 10s. O. Gregory, (Rochester) 100 yards, 1; W. J. Whitelaw, (Corop) C00 yards, 2. There were a number of competitors for this event, which was won after a (rood struggle. The running of Whitelaw, who is only a lad, was much admired, and a subscription amounting to between £3 and £4 was collected and handed to him. The distance covered was about four and half miles. Handicap District Rack.—-Of 100, 150, and 200 yards. First prize, gold medal, valued £5 5s (the gift of Mr. W. Napior), with £3 added. Medal to be wou twine, not necessarily consecutively. Secoud, £*2; third, £1. Restricted to residents within twelve miles of Rochester P.O., and who have been resideut iu the district for uot les3 than three months previous to sports. W.J; Ham, Fannoomillo, (7 yards, 9yards, 12yards), 1; D. Gnivell, Rochester (G yards, 8 yards, 10 yards), 2j R. A. Burley, Nanneella (1 yard, 1 yard, 2 yards), 3. The 100 yards event was wou by Ham, R. A. Burley second, and Johuaou third. The 150 yards eveut was run in heats. The first heat was won by Ham, with Jolinson second; and the second by Gravell, with W. Iviusella uoxt. In the final Haui came in first, with Gravell secoud, and Johnson third. The 200 yards event was won by Gravell, with Burley second, and Johnson third. The scoring *os—Ilain 10 points, Qravall 8 points, and Burley 0 points, these being the prizo- takers. Handicap Bictclk Race.—Two events—one mile and two miles. First prize, trophy yalue £5; second, trophy value £1. R. M'Millan (Elinore), 1; George Appleby (Elmore), 70 yards, 100 yards, 2nd. The one mile event was won by M'Millan with case, Appleby boing second. The two mile event proved very uninteresting,there being.only fourstarters,two of them Baker aud Browse, dropping out of the race and leav ing it betwoen M'Millan and Appleby, the former win ing easily. handicap Hurdle Rack of 250 yards, over six jumps, 3 feet 3 inches high. First prize, £3; second, £1; third, 10a. H. Roney (Diggorra), 15 yards, 1; W. H. Burley Violet Town), 7 yards, 2; W.Guy (Boort), 12 yards, 3. Jurley would have won hod not ho slipped after jump ing the last hurdle. Several other minor events brought the sports ton conclusion. ' THE TURF. Melbourne Hcnt Clud Races. AUTUMN MEETING. (FROM OUR XBLBOURNli correspondent.) Saturday, 24th May. Notwithstanding the goneral postponement of the festivities usually observed in celebration of Her Majesty's Birthday, tho Hunt Club decided to make no alteration in thoir arraugemonts for holdiug their Autumn Meeting at tho Fleinington conrso on the anuiversary, but in point neither of attendance nor of sport was the affair a very great success, for the former was rather small, wliilo the latter was below tho average of ordinary Hunt Club meetings. The following were tho results:— Sellino Race of 50 sovs. The winner to be sold for £100. Wmght for age, with selling allowances. Five furlongs. Liddington, 1; Saxon, 2; Knowledge, 3. Time—1 min. 8i sees. The winner was knocked down to Mr. J. B. Gill for £45. Corinthian Flat Race.—A welter handicap of 50 sovs. Opeu to all horses. Amatour riders. Three quiurters of a mile. Pailleroo, 1; Manfred, 2; Petrel, 3. Time—1 min. 241 sees. Fltixu Stakes.—A handicap of 50 sovs. Four fur longs, Cupola, 1; The Ghost, 2; Pyrette, 3. Time—53 sees; Tho i'ullowing -ilso startedMistake, Hannibal, Primus, Precious Stone, Statiouer, Sir Charles, Lepo rello, Leiure, Polly, La Belle, Saxon, Exmiuiator, Sheela, r,ro...» Lady, Berkeley, Opes Stkuplechase, of 100 sovs.—Two miles and a half. Blackthorn, 1; Chippeuhart, 2. The other starters were, Australian Court, Midnightand Black Jacket. Thb Buuni Selling Stakes.—A handicap of 100 sovs. Wiuuer to be sold. No selling allowances. All proceeds from salo of wiuuer to go to the club. Any other horse may bo put up for sale at an upset price of £100, which upsot will go to the owner, and any surplus to the club. Ono mile. Impulse, 1; Egorton, 2; Pan, 3\. Time—1 min. 48} sees. Tho following also started: —Primus, Petrel, Sea Serpent, Brimstone and The Gift. The wiuuer was sold to Mr, Hartle Fisher for 130 guineas. Quien's BiRTnDAT Stakes.—A handicap of 50 sovs. Three quarters of a mile. Pailleroo, 1; Tho Ghost, 2; Cupola, 3. Beating sixteen others. Time—1 min. 20{ sees. The A.R.C. Meeting. Adelaide, Saturday Tho abovo meet^ook placo to-day. Tho results are as follows:— IIandicap Hurdle.—Charcoal, 1; Agitation, 2; Nooroug, 3. Other starters—Lady Carriugton, Free dom, Lord of Clyde, Mesalliance, Tempest, Vistula. Won by sir lengths. Time—5 mius. 22 sees. Trial Handicap.—Gymkhana, 1; Lavington, 2; Gratitude, 3. Other starters—Countrymaai, Lord Wilton', Lantern, Surprise, Luna, Manfred, Shylock, Baron Bellmnine, Virtue, All Smoke. Time—1 min. 19 sees. Wou by a neck. Sellino Race.—Lawn, 1; Ethel, 2; Narrative, 3. Other starters—Columbine, Sally Waters, Rainbow. Wou by six lengths. A.R.C. Handicap.—Sting, 1; Little Sistor,2; Belmont, 3\. Other starters—Agitation, Prince Patrick. Prince Patrick jnmped away followed by Belmont, Little Sister, Sting. A good race homo resulting in Sting winning by a nook. Time—2 inins. 5G sees. Handicap Steeplechase.—Chester, 1; Nooroug, 2; Pinty, 3. Other starters—Knave of Diamonds; Chrysalis, Mystery, Austerlitz, Glenburn, Cliftou, Rogue, Squat tor. Tim©—G mins. 32 sees. FOOTBALL. Our Caatlemaino correspondent writes The South Yarra Club met tho local .team in the Camp Reserve on Saturday afternoon. The visitors arrived by tho last train on Fri«lay night, and great interest was tukeu in tho match. Tho visiting team were, however, tho favorites inasmuch as tho local players have had but very little practice together. The South Yarra captain won the toss. Wray, of Castlemaine, kicked off and for a timo the ball was kept on the oast wing, Wray, Bibby, and Wilson showing good play. The Souths, then rushed tho ball to their op ponents' goal, aud secured the first goal. Soon after wards a second goal was kicked out of a scuiQo in front of' tho posts. The local phiyers then took the ball to tho opposite posts, but the wind was greatly against them, and although sevcnil Bhots were made for goals none were kicked. Tho visitors theu forced the play and scored three more goals in quick succession. After half-time the local players had the wind with them, and Goode, with a fine kick, scored the first and only goal for his side. The Castlemaine players theu hod tho best of the game, aud gave their opponents no show for additional goals. When timo was called tho game stood—South Yarra, 5 goals 4 behinds ; Castlemaine, 1 goal 7 behinds. For the loaor», Wray played splemUdly, iu fact the host of the wholo forty, whilst Bibby, Wilson, Goode, Kolly, and Aitkon played well. The whole of the visitors played a good game. Mr. A. Lavor made an excellent central umpire. Our Ballarat correspondent wired on Saturday:— Ballarat South heat Fitzroy by seven goals to one, and Essendon beat Ballarat by two to one. Sandhurst Association v. Ballarat Imperials, Tho first match of any importance thi* season was played at the Back Creek Cricket Ground on Saturday, when a twenty of tho local association met a like num ber of the Ballarat Imperial, a leading Ballarat club. There was a fairly numerous attendance, and the weather was snitablo for football. The constitution of the local team was rather surprising. In the first instance tho conunittce erred somewhat in their selec tion, and, added to this was the absence on Saturday of some of those selected. The team was filled up by plavers who, we should never have thought, would have been fouud playing for the first twenty of the Saudhurst Association. It hardly suggests, certainly, ouradvuuee meut in football, when we lose a number of first-class players, aud have no others fit by any stretch of imagi nation, to supply the vacancies. The apj>earance of our combined foroes may have been very pretty, picturesque, and highly amusing, aud many may have thought that it was the iuteutiou to represent, aud perhaps not very inappropiately too, the associated clubs by all tho colors of the niinl*>w. Wo are certain, howover, that the committee had no such iuteution. We believe that, when firs [ formed, colors were adopted, and a suggestion that these colors might be worn in the future for the Kike of uuifurmity, aud for the prevention of confusion among tho player?* miiy not he amiss. It may be hardly neccssary to say that the nsual late start was observed, it being a quarter tQ four "When the Ballarat captain (M'Kenzie) kicked off against a rather stiff southerly breeze. The Sandhurst players, taking ad vantage of the wind, soon had the BnHaratgool in dautrer, aud Corr had two marks at short distances aud scored two behinds. A good rush by Ballarat | gained a behind for them, aud theu the local team 1 asserted itself once more. Botfey got a mark, and by j a neat place-kick got a goal. At half-time Sandhurst I had one goal aud live l»ehiuds to two behinds. Upon ; resuming Ballarat kept the Sandhurst backs busy, aud j got four behinds quickly. Good rushes, however, wore mailt* bv the local men, and by one of these a behind was added to their total. Operations being transferred to the other end, Clarke kicked a goal for Ballarat, the ball rolling through. Had the Sandhurst captain played with a goal-keeper, thjs goal would doubtless have been saved. Before timo w.lh called. Young, from a short distance in front, punted the second u'oal for Ballarat. Tho result was as followsBallarat, 2 goals and 9 behinds; Sandhurst, 1 goal and behind*. It cannot be said that tho Ballarat team showed v.-ry great tui-eri ority over the Sandhurst, who missed .mine very easy chances for goals, but the winners played better together, and wore faster. For Bailar.tt—M'Kwnzie, Youm?, Burns (2), Wood aud Gre .niiali played the best; and for Sandhurst—Corr, Eadie, Boffey, Do'-vlaii, and J. Corduer deserve great credit, as tho bulk of the work fell to them, and they received very little assistance from a number A the team. DavL- w;is mis placed, and the little he had to do, of course he did well. A match was played in the Fark on Sal 'ir lay between between the Eaglehawk and South Melbmnie club*, which resulted iu favor of the visitors by 3 goals and '> behinds to 4 behinds. The South Mellnmrue w«»u the toss. During the first half they had decidedly the best of the game. However, iu the second half the trante was somewhat more equalised. For tho victors, Reade, Harper, Vivian, Youuv and Kitchens played a splendid game, while Charles, Chappie, Harvey, Morgan, Berriman and Casey were the most conspicuous for the Eaglehawk. At the con elusion of the inatoh the visitors were entertained at a laniiuet at tho Courthou.se Hotel, at which n nnrnl-'ruf t.;:^ts were nroi^ed and dulv honor,-d. Subsequent!*-, the South MelUurne Yootl-.U Ch»b Minstrel Troupe gave a performance in the tywr, hall in aid of the Eaglehawk Football Club. QUOITS. SvNDitriLST Cll>U On Saturdav a quoft matf;h lor a ciM quoit, th»* g;ft of tio President, Mr. A. Phillip, and ^ce-l'r.^idenr, Mr, E, Janes, was commenced at the Earl of Kimber Ly Hotel by the members of the Sandhurst Quoit Club. The terms wore 21 point* up, distance 12 yards. There wore 22 entries, but n-s a number of the competitors ara miners who were engaged on afternoon shifts, only four couples played off. 'The result of the day's play was a* follows:—First couple—Fergu&ou;, S poiuts handicap, 21 points; Patt»»r:-:on, 6 ]*otuts h:indi»"np, H points. Second couple—H. Davkiu, ijioints hnndicap,-i point<; W. Richmond, pjinuj handicap, 7 j*>iuts. Third couple—E. Jouvi, 2 points handicap, -I points; A. Brewer, 5 poiuts handicap, 19 painty. Fourth couple —J. George, 3 poiuis handicap, 21 poiuts; A. S'albeclc; 6 points handicap, IS points." The match vvni be"re sumed next Saturday. Any players not turaiug up time to complete their heat "to be out of tl»c jrame. In tue evening the incmlwrs of tho club »ufc down to an excellent dinner provided in Kiuiberiey Hotel by host Jones, tn the nbsonee, through indisposition, of the president, Mr. A. Phillips, Mr. J. Ferguson presided. An apology forabsenee was received from the mayor, Mr. A. S. iJjiilos. The toastof the "Sandhurst Quoit Club" was projKv-<od by Mr. Jones and suitably responded to by Mr. George. The toast of *• The host and hostess " was also honored. Several other toasts wera proposed ami duly respoude:! to. A hearty vote of thanks was accorded the handicuppera (Messrs. tlo^, Thompson, nnd M. Hrown). The .i»ro ceedimrs terminated shortly before midnight. Sanmiurst V. FouTSCKW. A challenge match for £110 iLside is bcim; arranged between Mr. E. ltolam, the captain of the ilocal quoit club, aud Mr. Z. Gamer, of Footseray, another well knowu player. Two frames are to be plnyrd, one nt Melbourne aud the other iu Sandhurst. The iirstiramo will hike place in Melbourne on the i&th; June, but it has uot yet beeu decided when the one shall be played here. Great interest is manifested in the match as both men are reckoned crack-players. 