ODDS AND ENDS. A Lady who was a strict observer of etiquette, b'-lrig nnable to go to church one Sunday, sent her card. A Boston doctor carol black oyes. This is a case whore an onnco of prevention is worth a dozon cases of medicine. An old farmor who wrote to an editor,, asking how to get rid of moles, and received the reply, "Plough thom out," answored back, "Can't do it ! It's on my dartor'g noso !" At Toulon a brass band has been engagod to play in the public squares, so that tho people may not bo low spirited. Homo who havo heard tho band prefer to havo tho cholera. 'Tis now the timo when tho lovely maiden at the soasido limps about with a pair of number oue shoes on number throe feet and tolls how aho out her foot on a horrid shell whilo bathing. The Italian Government thinks of prohibiting the oxportalion of organ grinders, because they givo a falso idea of the country and injure its dignity. All tho world will uphold Italy in this desiro to protoct its dignity. A Touuu Time. — A Vermont man owns a hen 33 yoars old. Tho other day a hawk stole it, but aftor an hour cams back with a broken bill and three claws gone, put down tho hen, and took an old robber boot in place of it. " Make your husbands comfortable at home and they will not go out in tho ovening," ox- ohimed a Cincinnati preacher lately. Tho next day Cincinnati wives were anxiously inquiring about the price of boor by the kog. _ Ouange pool is now said to bo collected dried in ovens and sold for kindling fires. It burns readily and with great fiorcenoss, and is safer than kcroscno. Now cannot suns useful avoca tion bo found for the treacherous banana pool ? A uan who married a widow has invented a . dovico to cure hor of oternally-praising her former husband. Whenever she begins to descant on his nobio qualities this ingenious Number Two merely says— "Poor dear man— how I wish ho had not died." ' I thought you took instantaneous pictures," said tho man in tho photograph er'sgibbot ; " but I voriiy beiiovo I'vo sat hore ten minutes." " You shoaldn't bo impationt, sir," replied the camera fiend. " Instant, yon know, means the present month, nnd the month ain't half gene yet." Tennis v. CuoquKT.— It is said that a struggle for supremacy will shortly take place between the adherents of these two games. Tho Crn- queurs have adopted as their motto, " We ean't Btand tho Racket 1" and the IiawntenniBanians rejoico in the legend, lloni soit qui Mallet pense / A novel way of defrauding a railway company came to light at Sheffield. A hawker had en- doavorcd to como from tho Doncaster racoi to Shofilold without a ticket, and in order to evade the ticket collector, ho lay on the seat while six of hie companions sat upon him. He was fined £1. ' 'The following story is from a telegraph operator in an English country town; — "A member of tho Masonic order telographed to a companion at a-distance, ' Make room for ton Royal Arch Masons— coming to-day.' When the .companion arrived, they found a pen had beeu built for thair accommodation, the telegram at its destination reading, 'Make room for ten R A M's— coming to-day.'" Sermons in Stone. — Landlady (to prospective lodger); " I trust, air, you are not a geologist?" P. L. (snrprisod) ; " Bear mo, no I Nothing of the kind! Why?" Landlady (with sorrowful emphasis : "Because, sir, my last lodger said he was a geologist ; and be was always a collecting bits of stone and such like. When he went away, to his brother's funeral, so ho said, and borrered £5 of me, wo found nothing in his boxes but them blessed racks !" "Look here, Tobbs," said the grecoryman, as the farmer filled his pockets with fresh raisins, " Can't you come into this grocery without lugging off my slock in instal ments; or shall 1 give yon a mortgage on the es tablishment J" Tobbs was more surprised than affronted. Looking at the grocery man squarely, he said, with dignity, " You do not give me credit, sir, for having bought groceries of you for tho lost six months." "That's Jest what grieves mo, If 1 had not given you credit for it I wouldn't kick."— -Yew York Star. An orroneous phrenologist ones told me that I wonld ehino as a revivalist, and said that I ought to marry a tall blonde with a nervous, sanguinary temperament. Then he said, "One dollar, please," and I said, "All right, gentle scientist, with a tawny mane, I will givo yon tho dollar and marry the tall blonde with the bank account and bilious temporament when you giro me a chart showing how to dispose of a brown eyed brunette with a thoughtful cast of countenance who married me in an unguarded moment two years ago." He looked at me in a reproachful kind of way, struck at mo with a chair in an absent minded manner, and stole awa y.—Bill ATyc, A Home Made Nemesis. — "What is a Nemesis, father ?" said a schoolboy to his pa. " Is it any thing like a bicycla?" "No, my son, s Ne mesis is not like a bicycle. A man rides a bicyclo, wben ho knows how, and a Nemesis reverses the operation nnd rides the man." " What is it, thon ?" " H'm ! what is it ? Let meeeo. It is a sort of moral ghost, as it were, an ethical independent, a kicking conscience, a— a— well, a Bort of Nemesis, as near ns anything." "Bat what is it liko, father ? I want to see one," " If yon want to see ono real bad, you just drink four enps of strong coffeo, eat two or three pork chops, and top off with a Cold mincepie. Do this at nine o'clock p.m., nnd then go to bed at a quarter past nino, and you will soo Nemesises enough before morning to last a lifetime. Now run away and don't bother mo whilo I am read- ingths paper," Electhic Buds For. Sleepv Fikemen. — Tho Americans aro given to tolling many amusing stories concerning their firemen, but tlio follow ing is taken, not from an American, but a Gorman paper, tho Frankfurter Ztitung : — " Tho watchmon of tho Now York Fire Brigado sloop in electric bods sot by tho clock, which awaken tlio slcopcr in this manner : Two bolls giro tho first signal for rising, while a lamp near tho bod is lighted by electricity, Soon after an invisiblo power toars tho night cap off tho sleeper's head ; at tho samo timo a spirit lamp under n coffee machino begins to burn as a further inducement to rise. This proving fruitless, tho olcctrie bolls sound ngaitl, and as a last warning a paper appears at tho sido of the bed with tho word 'up|' imprinted on it. In case of this admoni tion also remaining inoffeetivo, tho bed rears itsoif up on end, and aiinply doposits its occu- pint on tho floor." An alarum bod of this kind would bo usofnl In many residences for tho use of tho sleepy-headed domestic. 