Lord Wolski/BY was present at the annual dinner of the Artists' Rifles (20th Middlesex Volunteers). Dealing with the condition and strength of the army, he defended the short service system from the adverse criticisms which had been directed against it, and pointed out that last year there were enlisted more than 33,000 men, the largest number which had joined the army in time of peace within the memory of man. As to the sea being miss Table creatures, in his official capacity he went among them a great deal, and said with confidence that the men who had enlisted in recent years were as fine as, if not finer than, those who had entered the ranks of the army at any time since he knew anything of the service. He hold the same' opinion as to the officers, and said he believed that in every way, officer for officer, and man for man, the army was more effective than it was before the Crimean War. Tub Irish Extremists ((says the Spectator) are fond of saying that their race numbers 11,000,000 beyond the Atlantic, and that they all demand the separation of Ireland from Great Britain. It appears, however, from the Catholic census of 1886, quoted in the new edition of the " Statesman's Year- book," that the Catholic clergy do not even claim more than six millions and a-quarter of Catholics in the United States. Deducting from this number the Spaniards in Texas, California, and Florida, the Frenchmen in Louisiana, the French Canadians working in the States, the South-German CatS'.oHcn, and the English Catholics of Maryland, we shall not have more than 5,000,000 left who may be Irish, and hostile to Great Britain. Even that is a large number, when added to the Irish Catholics in Britain and the remainder of the, world ; but it may be doubted if a clear half of them are Parnellites, in any true sense. If they were, the funds subscribed by, say, a million house- holds would reach very different figures from any as yet heard of. A pound a house per annum would not be an extnivagiint-subsci'ip tion for the redemption of a country, particularly from people who are lavishly generous to relatives left behind. The 3?ui-nellites have never raised a tenth of that amount. Akumakkais&c; career (according to Yu Still we Fair) is that of governor Napier Broome, of Western Australia. As a youth he emigrated to New Zealand, and in the intervals of sheep tending studied hard. Going home for a holiday, he renewed acquaintance with Lady Barker, the young widow of an Indian general, fell in love, and pressed his suit, which after a long while was successful, and his wife went out to his sheep station in New Zealand, of which she has written so charmingly. A disas- '| trous pastoral period raine, and Mr. Broome suffered so severely that, he resolved to return to England. About that time a distinguished duchess was mourning her first-born son, a child of some eight years. Chance brought her into communication with Lady Barker, who is credited with possessing the powers of a medium, and by her means the Duchess com- municated, or imagined she did, with her lost child. A great intimacy ensued between the ladies; the Duchess, learning that Mr. 'Broome had literary aspirations, introduced him to the late Mr. Delane, and Mr. Broome soon become : a writer on the Times, and wrote, among other ¡ articles, that which at the time excited so much attention anent Mrs. Stowe's charges against Lord Byron and his sister. The same interest subsequently got him the secretaryship of the ; Mauritius, whence he was promoted to Western Australia. An amusing scene (says the London Figaro) occurred at the Opera House in Antwerp. The "Huguenots " was performed. As is generally the case, a number of soldiers were employed as supers in guise of courtiers, priests, monks, &c.; The stage manager, a Frenchman from Martinique, who could not for the life of him pronounce the letter "r, had initiated the soldiers as to what they had to do. He was to call to them from the wing, when they were to leave the stage at the end of the fourth act. All went well up to that point. But at the finale of the benediction of the swords the stage manager's voice was heard, Sets." The soldiers, mostly simply country bumpkins, mistaking the word for "sauces," stared at the strange command, but did not move. " Sotez done !" cried the manager again. At this one of the fellows timidly raised his foot. The others, seeing the action, followed suit in a moment. There was a regular shuffling and juggling about. " Sotcz, notes, done !" screamed the manager, beside himself with rage. The supers now entirely lost their heads, and sprung about like mad ; the solemn, earnest hand of holy monks and grave courtiers of a moment back were transformed into so many jumping Jacks and the more the manager screamed "Sotcz!" the more violent became their grotesque contortions. At last the curtain fell in the midst of the convulsive daughter of the audience, who surely had never witnessed the like before. Thrill, is to be seen just now in America (observes the Saturday Review), in what is known is society, a strong tendency to imitate English ways and customs and fashions this tendency is gaining strength, and spreading from New York and Boston to smaller inland cities It is a new thing in man;, ways, for until lately New York has taken its cue rather from Paris than from London During the second Ernpne many good Americans made pilgrimages to the Tuileries as to a Mecca, and some settled permanently near the sin me But Paris is no longer more fashionable than London The American girl continues to get her gowns in the French capital, of course, but she is glad to get her habit and her sister and her cloaks in the English capital. As there is now no court in Fi ante, she looks for ward to a pi sensation at court in England, and the possibility of marrying a title is perhaps present to her mind as she crosses the ocean That she is quite capable of taking care of her self in the presence of English noblemen and of their female i early as all i leaders of Mr James's "International Episode' and of Mr. Howell's "Woman's Reason" will bear witness In fact, the American girl is in no danger of losing her head before parting with her hand. It is her consort, -the Amti lean young man, who is most likely to be contaminated by contact with the Englishmen There is no denying that a certain tab of young"' Americans, more particularly in New York and in Boston, affect the Englishman, and ape all his affectations They mine every English trick in the most snobbish way. They attempt an English accent, and they sprinkle Britishers freely through their speech They talk of their "fads," and the cil people "cads," and they abound in the most amusing little affectations Then greatest happiness is to be taken for an Englishman-a joy not often vouchsafed to them It was to one of these pitiful inn tations a young Boetouian-that a clever New York girl said, " Mr Blank, I should think you would be so 1 k1 to meet Lord So and so, you know he is a real Englishman" Jim n bow a resident at the top of Queen street bewails himself -' The horn is mid night when ghosts are abroad, but in this on listened country the site in i often takes their Place, and 1 eggs his nightly vigils up and tie? under tllG wards" R of bedrooms About -a iU p m a still small hissing sound announces T the initiated that the monster will soon be let loose, and as the clock wears round to the Tni shoot. off its Kassa short, a jerk, grinding terrible noise. make sleep a matter of star gie They sometimes put on his hobnails Shen what delightful fun, bouncing up and 30sec behind road, the wind comes shooting from its monotony and blissful sleep is about to take possession of the senses, "then suddenly all ceases, and the holy vow dresses estant wakefulness, and views sm "to congratulate ourselves with -the hope, that the ten former has suspended operations for a sufficiently long time since it was ' silence try to do in a hurry, and the effort is so much that a profuse per son a son breaks out, and results in tossing from ?m,JOBld-L",lt,,,aU'i,'n'icson the alert The 2 2s then listened for and the hammer on?!, - of the ?","* or dentists removing his teeth are counted until they get mixed, sud and, 4s 6d Uuco, suits irolfortwo stillness fiery for three hammer toes. and we listen won bring what is the matter, then the inÍ""C?rPf>ri:orenlencPS-uP and down short thSr^?£rmdllíír, "is "in frightful rapidity, then with painful blow news My friend down final run home I called Late When it was in so.Tîi'lIoi,e',IÎt' his Winds. said 'I wish journal give it my compliments and requests enter"? them 16"" to 'see me out of Butz? i to the Western daTS ' So " c all saying the i"íalihZ^1 Mitta nature c S,SCIta relief, water, i Id dreams take the Place of men wanted 1 anguish of mind Then visions of the sacred Juggernaut flit before us We Thr»,rstl'\ln' but no there is no help tested ? table '"monster slowly comes on his aÄ_r?cL«.,olt,,nft camp tea. ing, and ttroÄ,3rPith(\0"Ij sensations experienced break? a ithVvlí?le melt Then 83 dawn "'?! "» ed him to his lair We skip hear a v e Ion" falls!?' fast, get it cold if and so free trade as when the wicked cease From trouble and the weary are at rest" 