faimhial Intelligence. BAlwyn. — St. Barnabas' Church, which has recently been enlarged so as to accommodate about sixty more people, was formally opened on 31st July. The church was very nicely decorated with flowers, banners, and texts, and, the evening being fine, was crowded to overflowing, many having to stand outside. The ' guardians were prepared with spare seats ready to place in the aisle, but this was not sufficient to accommodate all the people who came from Box Hill, Surrey Hills, Kew, Camberwell, and Hawthorn. The Eev. C. J. Byng preached an extempore sermon from the text, ' For now the Lord hath made room for us, and we shall be fruitful in the land' (Gen. xxvi. 22). The rev. gentleman gave an eloquent discourse, and was listened to with great attention throughout. The Eev. W. Mantell intoned the service, and the Eev. H. E. Taylor read the lessons and pronounced the benediction. The service was ably rendered by Mr. S. Poole, organist of St. Philip's, Collingwood, and the surpliced choir, numbering between thirty and forty. The offer tory collection was between £7 and £8. The cost of the enlarge ment of the church is about £300, towards which the sum of £200 has already been subscribed. Mr. Kofod provided tea for St. Philip's choir, and Mr. F. Eennick the Bupper. Campbell's Creek. — Since the appointment of the Rev. B. Eeed to the incumbency of Christ Church, Castlemaine, and the further appointment of the llev. H. J. Hovvell as curate, the congregation of Trinity Church, Campbell's Creek, has steadily increased. With this increase of congregation came a desire on the part of the committee of the church to make the services as attractive as possible. For some years past there had been a paid organist, but the choir was only one in name. The committee, therefore, reorganised the choir, dispensed with the services of the paid organist, and got one of the « ladies of the congregation to act as honorary organist. They also purchased from Messrs. Glen and Co. a very handsome Estey chapel organ, valued at £45. The money required for this purpose was, with the exception of a few pounds, raised by subscription amongst the members of the congregation and their friends. As the church is entirely free from debt, the committee did not wish any debt to remain upon the organ, so a service of song was organised. This service, entitled 'Eva,' was given by the choir, under the leader ship of Mr. Hobson, on Tuesday evening, 19th August. The incum bent of Christ Church, the Eev. B. Eeed, M.A., was in the chair, and having opened with prayer, delivered a short address suitable to the occasion. The connective portions of the service were read clearly and impressively by the Eev. H. J. Howell, and the musical illus trations were exceedingly well rendered, especially the last number, ' Vital Spark of Heavenly Flame,' which was given with an atten tion to light and shade not often observable. in a country choir. The church was literally crammed with an attentive and sympathetic audience, and the collection made was sufficient to free the organ from debt. Dandenong.— -For some years past it has been manifest that St. , James' Church was insufficient in size for the population; and as the said population continued to increase it was deemed advisable to enlarge the church, which has been done at a cost of about £1200, £800 of which remain to be paid. The enlarged church was re-opened on St. James' Day, 25th July, with Holy Communion at eleven o'clock, the celebrant being the incumbent, Eev. E. A. Craw ford, who was assisted by the Bev. C. Pritchard, assistant curate of St^Andrew's, Brighton. At eight in the evening a special service w&sjSeld;, at which the Bishop of Melbourne preached to an immense c.ongreg&^gn, who had, for the most part, jusi^ome away from a paiSb-t^^g^g, kindly provided by the ladies of the congregation, and the pecuniary proceeds of which were nearly -£20. Evensong was heartily performed, -..special psalms being sung in unison to Gregorian chants ahtipnorially, men's and women's voices taking up the alternate verses. The -lesions were read by the Rev. W. Fellows, of Toorak, several other clergymen who promised to attend being kept away by various causes. ' Tl^e. Bishop preached upon the subject of. service and ministration as being, rain's great aim in imitation of Chris1!;, and man's only true greatness, and his Lordship handled so congenial a subject with his usual ability and eloquence. He took his text from the gospel for the day (St, James'), and made some reference to that apostle, who, though less famous than his illustrious brother, must have been a man of some spiritual attainments to 'have been one of Christ's chosen three. The collections for the day amounted to about £9 10s. The church is now 90 feet long from east window to west door, and across- the transepts the measurement is about 60 feet. The chancel floor rises three steps, and the holy table, which is covered with a beautiful cloth, the gift of Mrs. Moorhouse, is raised another three, the total elevation being 3 feet, and the depth of the chancel 15 feet. Mr. Louis C. Wilkinson, of Crimea- street, St. Kilda, has kindly presented some of the necessary chancel furniture, which, however, is not yet complete. Colonel Hutton assisted materially in the purchase of the font, a very fine one, made by Mr. Hughes; of Bourke-street. Some of the ladies of the congregation have worked a beautiful communicant's kneeling cushion. Mr. Frank Cunningham is giving a brass altar desk, and Mr. Hemmings a font cover. There is still plenty of room for the exercise of generosity in this direction, for the chancel floor is quite bare ; there is no white altar frontal for festal occasions ; a ' credence ' table is required, sedilia, &c.; The late Mr. Perry was the architect of the original church (the nave), and Mr. Sydney W. Smith, architect, of tit. Kilda, has carried out the additions in corre sponding style. Mr. Harrison, of South Melbourne, was the contrac- . tor. A bazaar is to be held in November to assist in paying off the debt, and the ladies are working industriously to make it a success. Hawksburn : St. Martin's. — 24th August, being both the eleventh Sunday after Trinity and St. Bartholomew's Day, was this year doubly a red-letter day, and will long continue so for St. Martin's, it being the date of the Bishop's first visit to the church. The announcement that his Lordship was going to preach brought so ? large a congregation that the choir were obliged to resign the west end of the building usually curtained off for a vestry and to robe in the vicarage. The Bishop preached an earnest sermon on the parable of ' the rich fool,' and then administered the communion (the cele bration was choral) to 123 communicants, all the church-workers, the choir, and the members of the guild availing themselves of the opportunity of receiving the holy sacrament from the hands of their chief pastor in their own Ghurch. Melbourne : St. Paul's. — The Bishop of Melbourne preached in this church on Sunday, 3rd August, to a crowded congregation, and appealed to them for aid towards the rebuilding of the transept of the church at Coburg, portions of that building having been pro nounced unsafe through the foundation giving way. The offertory amounted to over £30. The Bishop spoke of indiscriminate alms giving as a positive evil, and quoted the words of a well-known philanthropist : — ' It is this kind of almsgiving that spurs on the liquor traffic, that pauperises the workman, that makes him satisfied with starvation wages, and altogether degrades his character.' He remarked on the anomaly that those who will subscribe to relieve physical need will give no help to those who are trying to eradicate moral evil. He then urged ths need on our part of caution and diffi dence in giving alms, to illustrate the reason God may have for delay and hesitancy in answering prayer. RtrsHWOKTH. — The Kev. Mr. Williams, who recently took charge of the parish, seems to have infused new life into the community. The services at Whroo, which were discontinued, have again been revived, and the support given to the pastor has been very gratifying. At Eushworth and Murchison, especially at the morning services at the former place, an. increased offertory pays an eloquent tribute to the popularity of the reverend gentleman. We trust that the good feel- - ing evinced towards him will be sustained, and that the Church in? the three places alluded to will prosper. South Yaeba. — A special choral service by the united choirs of ? St. Peter's, Melbourne, and Christ Church was held in this church on the evening of 7th August. The lessons were read by the Eev. T. H. Armstrong, Hawthorn, and the Eev. W. T. Beaty-Pownall. The Bishop of Melbourne preached from the text, 'John truly bap tised with water, but ye shall be baptised with the Holy Ghost;' The offertory was taken in aid of the building fund of a church at Kyabram, Goulburn Valley. The musical portion of the service in cluded the Magnificat and Nunc Dimittis from Garratt's Service in F ; the anthem, ' Now we are ambassadors,' and ' How lovely are the messengers,' from Mendelssohn's St. Paul; and the offertory piece was ' In splendour bright' and ' The heavens are telling,' from Haydn's Creation. After the service the members of the united, choir were entertained at supper by the vestry, the Eev. B.. F. Tucker occupying the chair. St. Kilda : All Saints' Chueoh Union.-— On the 29th July the Eev. C. E, Drought gave a very interesting lecture on his ' Journey to New Zealand ;' it was too long for him to finish in one evening, so it will be continued shortly. On the 5th ult. the Eev. J. H.' Gregory gave a short address on the ' Life of the late Princess Alice,' On Wednesday, the 20th, our entertainment was held in the Prahran Town Hall, and proved very successful in every way, and one of- the best we have given. The programme was somewhat different from the previous ones, the first part comprising the vocal and instru mental portion ; the second was a farce entitled -Hie Steep lec/tase, acted by the members of the All Saints' Church Union Dramatic Club ; they deserve great credit for the able manner in which they sustained their respective parts. The entertainment was brought to a close with Mrs. Jarley's Living Wace?vor7(s, which were very amusing and splen didly put on the platform. A cricket meeting was held on the 21st ult. There were, of course, a great number present ; the business passed off very successfully. We hope to have a very good team again this / season, and trust we shall be as victorious as ever. We also hope to meet the St. Paul's Church Union. Cricket Club from Geelong again, and with as much success as on our two previous occasions; The medals for last season were distributed- to the following, viz.:— First eleven: Bowling average, Mr.,- A. Warjfcmanj batting average, Mr. J. M'Donald. Second eleven'. Bowling, Mr. J. Pain; batting, Mr; A; Webster. Dr. Emblin'g waB elected president, and the. Eev, 0, E, Drought and Messrs, J, Vale and (r, E, Porter vice-presidentst ' 