BPOBTSEG TOPICS. THE BETTING QUESTION. Our Solicitor' Opinion. Ik the intereate of our eubeoribera we oooasionally refer certain legal questions put to us to our solicitor for decision, and we this week have received one the answer to which we consider of such public import that we print both the question and the lawyer's opinion in full. The question ruos ae asked by T. S.: — If I back a horse (say at the odds of 6 to 1) on the Hill at Remington, the horse I booked wins, and the bookmaker refuses to pay me, or give me my own (£1) money baok, can I recover my money by law P To the Proprietors of the Sportsman, — Hear Bin, — With reference to your question as to the backer's right to reoover his deposit from (he defaulting bookmaker, I am of opinion that be oannot reoover, as, being a " bet, the agreement was by way of gaming or wagering, and, therefore, noli and void. If, however, it could be shown that the book maker, by resorting to any false pretence, had thereby indnoed the backer to deposit his money, tho bookmaker would be liable to a criminal prosecution for obtaining money ander false pretenoes, Caixa, who has recently been fired, will not be seen in publio again for eome months. b6n wxlxxix GlASSOOOK, who WAS to have ridden Blackthorn in the Ballarat Steeple chase, and Recovery in the Hunt Club Cup, met with an accident last week, spraining his ankle badly. The popular young horse man will have to take great oare of himself if he wishes to be well enough to ride in the Findon Harriers' Cup, at Caulfield, in three weeks' time. Honaohan has boo red another win with Espiegle, who romped home first in the September' Handioap at Canterbury Park, on 8atorday, two lengths in front of Desmond. The obesnut eon of Grandmaster is a useful colt, and will be heard of in some of our 8pring handicaps, if he oomee over. Ths settling on Monday was an exception ally heavy one, as aooonnts had to be adjusted over no less than three meetings— Hawkee bury, Randwick and Ballarat. The balanoe of the squaring up was in favour of the ring. When St. Simon cantered home in the . : Goodwood Cup last month, twenty lengths V> in front of iast season's Leger winner, Ossiao, the long odda of 100 to 7 were laid | on the Duke ofPortland'a crack winning, and 44 so little did backers think of the chances of ki either Friday or Ossi&n;/.thut 100 to 6 against 'p the first-named, and 100 to 3 sgst OseiaD, frere vainly offered by the fielders. fi On Monday morning Mr. James Wilson, sen., visited the Flemington training ground, in company with hie eon James, to see the latter's string put through their facings. Little Guesswork, after o&ntering; onoe round the outer track, covered a mile in lmin. 47seo. The Teacher and Ringmaster, two Maribyrnong Plate candidates, negotiated three furlones under 39sec. Meteor and Conjecture, just as the latter's brother was finishing his mile, jumped off from the six furlong post ; but I only caught them for five farlongs, which they encompassed in lmin. 7seo., not bad going, ooneidering that there was a very strong breeze blowing against tfaem. Next to Mauk'a blacksmith's shop, on the Racecourse-road, Newmarket, Messrs. " O. Yuille and Co. are having a paddock eoclosed with a high fenoe, inside of which loose boxes will be built for the ac commodation of thoroughbred stock entered to be sold at their usual sales. As there is to be a large rink within the enolosnre, yearlings will be shown off to better advan tage than hitherto. TYie Donoaiter Cup was won by Baron de Rothschild's obesnut srsldinff Lonia IVOr. by Dollar — Ohanille, last year's Leger winner, Tbe Lambkin finishing second, and Oesian (who won the Lqger last year) third. SrDKEY Edwabds, of Melbourne, chal lenges anyone to feats of skill in wager boats, and also to walk a quarter of a mile 00 the water. Mr. Cdwaraa wishes it understood that no one is debarred from competition, and that nothing would give him greater satisfaction than to find that either Hanlan or Beach had taken up tho gauntlet which ho thus pluckily throws before the aquatic world. The Moonee Valley Meeting of Saturday next promises— judging by the number of entries received— to afford a capital after noon's sport. There are six events set down on the card for decision, two of which — the Ascot Handicap and Steeplechase — are con- fined to amateur riders. Rumours are widely circulated in sporting circles of no unsuccessful "try on" 00 the part of a melallician to obtain £100 from an Adelaide backer of hones on what — to put a mild aspect on the affair— looked very much like a certainty. It appears that on the day on which the Hawkeebury Handicap was run the Adelaide gentleman referred to wired to tho bookmaker, then in Sydney, "Take £500 to £100 for me about Hurri cane," and sometime afterwards received a reply to the effect that the money was on. As, however, he had in tbe meanwhile received a telegram from another source announcing the result of the Handicap, he grew somewhat suspicious, and ascertained on inquiry at the Telegraph Offioe that even if the wire had been despatched and de livered in Sydney without the slightest lutch or delay it could not, by any possibility, bave reached its destination nntil something like an hour after the race bad been run. The backer kept this information to himself until settling day, when he very naturally refused to hand over the hundred pounds, as the race had been decided before he handed io the telegram. A dispute arose, and the matter was at one time likely to be brought before the Victorian Club. Wc believe that it has been now Lushed up ; should it, however, crop up, tbe matter is one which demands the fullest and most searching investigation. Exceptionally good entries have been received for the V.A.T.C. Spring Meeting, to be held at Caulfield on the 11th and 18th prox. For tbe Maiden Plate, distance one tnile, thirty-eight nominations have been sent in, including Capri, Achilles, Peul-itre, Duration, Conjecture, Norfolk, and the sensational Golden Butterfly, who, it wa« whispered two years since, was a real good thing for tbe Champion that season. The First Hurdle Race, one tnile and a half, has twenty-seven engaged, amongst which I notice the names of the cracks Don Quixote, Ringwood, and West Coast. For the Findon Harriers' Gold Vase no fewer than fifty-four steeplechasers have been entered, including Lord W. Neville's Marquis, the ancient gray Abdallah— the winner of tbe Ballarat Hunt Club Cup — K&tunga;, the cbeenut Albambra. aod other cross- country performers known to fame. Tbe Toorak Handicap, distance one mile, has attracted an entry of forty-five, Boolka, Unn OntrntA. Trnnmista. Sir flot-nof Ppa. oioua Stone, Duenna, Malua, King of tbe Gipsies, Little 8ifitor, Napier, and Corio- lanue being amongst tbe batch. For the eeoond day, Saturday, 18th Ootober, twenty- three Platers are nominated for the Selling Race, distance five furlongs; twenty-six, including the oream of our performers over tbe little sticks, are engaged in the Second Hurdle Race. The names of twenty- eight youngsters appear in tbe list of entries for the Nursery Handicap, aflutter of four and a half furlongs. The Open Steeplechase has filled with a total of thirty-one, including all the best Victorian jumpers, and a couple of Taemanian representatives in Morven and Echo. Left Boer, who has had a long spell, appears in the list, aod will probsbly try conclusions with Blackthorn, Katanga, and Co. For the last event on the oard, the Windsor Handicap, distance six furlongs, Countryman, 8andal, Ironmaster, Sir Garnet, Duenna, Oreswick, Dirk Hatteraick, and Napier bave eaoh been nominated, in addi tion to forty others sprinters. As, barring the Nursery Handicap and Caulfield Cup, each event this season has attracted a larger entry than laet year, the ooming Spring Meeting would be a big suooeea. Anchorite, by St. Albans— Queen Mary, a Melbourne Cup eanditate, and Coronet, by the same eire, out of Prima Donna, arrived safely by the Flindere yesterday morning from Lannceston. They will be trained by Joe Carter. Tbey are located at the Raoe- oonrse Hotel, Flemington. It is to be hoped that their owner, the Hon. T. Reiby, will not be so unfortunate with these two as he was with Malua and Stookwell last year. "Truth" writes: — In declining to con tinue the innings of his eide after luncheon- time had arrived last Friday, Murdoch was clearly within his right, but it was rather un- courteous to the spectators to ask them to wait three- quarters of an hour to see eleven runs made, when five or ten minutes' further play would have settled the matter. How ever, if Murdoch was discourteous, the crowd soon showed that it could be so too, and it is impossible to censure too severely tho rowdy persons who brought so much discredit upon the British cricketing public. The Sydney "larrikins," whose conduct towards Lord Harris team eome years ago caused so much bitter feeliog and unfavourable comment among Englishmen, have been equalled, if not surpassed in misconduct, by the proverbial " Surrejr crowd," and it will be surprising indeed if Australian critics do not doubly repay us in our own coin of abuse and sneering. The Lambse, who won the Donoaster St. Leger, was quoted at 1000 to 90j early last month; Superba (1000 to 200), Soot Free (1100 to 200), Harvester (850 to 100), and Busybody (200 to 26) being eaoh better favourites Ithan Mr. Vyner'a colt when the mail left. The Lambkin ia.'by Camballo, from Mint Sauoe. Owners are reminded that entries for tbe forthcoming meeting of the Victorian IVot- ting Olub ou Saturday, 27th September, close with the secretary before 4 p.m. on Monday next. Full particulars of the various events will be seen on referenoe to our advertising columns. Business at the Flemington training ground will soon be is full swing. There is considerably over one hundred horses in work at the present time, and almost every day there are additions to the ranks. On Monday Mr. W. Filgate arrived from Adelaide with two, and yesterday Mr. Joe Garter brought a couple from Tasmania. Fennelly, with the Hon. James White's for midable string, may be expeoted about next week, also tbe other Sydneyites, so that alto gether the stabliog accommodation at the several hoetelries contiguous to the con vincing ground will be taxed to their utmost. Only four horses dropped out of Hie Caul field Gup on Monday, the absentees being Priaoe Imperial, Beeswax, Honeydew, and Ring Charles, thus leaving sixty-nine in to do battle for the 1300 eovs. and Mr M. O'Shsnaesy's trophy, and the 500 and 200 SOVS. for second and third HinAAliul.. Eighteen two-year-olds have cried content in the Great Foal Stakes, and fifteen ' have accepted for the Canlfleld Guineas. With fine weather there is not the slightest doubt but that Mr Bond-will have the pleasure of witnessing a most suocessf ul meeting. Now that the weather is becoming some what milder than it has been of late, trainers are evidently anxious to get through their work as early as possible. Of one thing we are certain, and that is that those who are first down have the best of the going, and the atmosphere is warmer at six oIoofc than it is a couple of hours later. On Monday morning the weather was very changeable, a couple of showers of rain falling, but it did not interfere with the horses exer cising. The work gone through was of a very mild description, cantering being the exeroise most indulged in. The best gallop shown during the morning was that done by Guesswork. He oovered a mile in excellent time. Meteor and Conjecture were bustled along over a like distanoe. Ringmaster and 7%e Teacher negotiated three furlongs very smartly. On Tuesday morning The Broker went aboot a mile and a half on the sand, tbe last six furlongs being encompassed at a fairly good pace, Vasoo, his companion, being of no aseistanoe to him at the finish. Lady Adelaide slipped over five furlongs with a obestnut. Sauvignon and Esmond ran half a mile in 52seos., the colt going in a very taking manner. Mr. Cook's cheenut colt Hawthorn looks like making a stayer, and should annex a big handicap when he matures. Fryingpan went a rattling good gallop on the tan. Mr. W. Filgate, who arrived from Adelaide on Monday, had Delamia and Lsvington cantetiog. Helens appears to bave benefited by her trip aoroae, and does Mr. M'Donald credit. She will be worth watching for the Caulfield Guineas. Coningsby has recovered from the attack of , rheumatism with which be was afflicted, and the same may be said of Exminster. Mr. Selman has been late in reaching the ground, cooaequently we are unable to say how hie string are getting on. Tibballs has received an addition in Mrs. Jarley and Fleurette. Nothing further of note occurred during the week. Mb Wall, the energetic secretary to the Wyndham Raoe Club, wires in from tho Werribse that the 8pring Meeting of the W.R.C. has been fixed for tbe 7th December. Full particulars of the different events will be advertised in a future issue of the Sports man. At 2.40 p.m. yesterday the pen wbb drawn through the name of The Broker for the V.R.C. Derby, aud that of Dirk Hatte raick for the V.A.T.C. Windsor Handicap. The uews created conoiderable surprise in tporliug circles, as the first named horse carritd a lot of money, and was second favourite for the event, with whioh his name has been so freely coupled during the past few months, more particularly as he has been doing good work lately. Mystery, the winner of the S.A.J.C. Steeplechase, and Gratitude, the winner of the Derby at tbe same meeting, have arrived safely, aud joined MNatnara's team. The steeplechaser Tax&raxacum; also came over, aud has gone to keep Country Bjy, The Agent, and Co. company. Mb. James Mitchell, of Tabletop, has in structed Mr. W. C. Steel to submit bis very valuable etnd of horses, including brood mares, yearlings, stallions, &c.;, to public competition at Atbury, on Friday next, the day after the Albury show. There in little doubt, judging from the good goods thus offered, that eaoh lot will be eagerly sought after. On Saturday morning six of Mr. Glass cock's numerous string were beiog schooled ioside the course-proper orer the hurdles, a horse named Redoubt, the property of a well-known medico, also taking part. The first round was negotiated without accident, but entering on the second circuit, Billy Enderson, who was riding Jumping Frog, got a nasty fall through the horse taking off too soon, and sustained a slight injury to his right knee. The young man who was on Redoubt, through the brute not rising at the obstacle, received an ugly wound on his left cheek, the skin being completely torn off his face from the roots of his hair down to the jaw. Billy Enderson was all right on Monday morning, but the young man will not attempt to scboo the animal again for some time, I am afraid. Loed Boshbery's horse, Modred, who carried 8st. 81b. in the Stewards' Cup at Brighton, and started at 4 to 1, looked very orach like winning that event when inter fered with by Mr. Bothschild'e Brag. The Sportsman say a: — " The raoe loolmd com fortably within the compass of Modred, when Brag, in trying to cut it, pressed Ver milion on to Lord Roeebety'a hone, who, at no time remarkable for gameness, made a vain attempt to 'savage Vermilion, and then gave np the ghost. The chance of the latter was also extinguished in the scrim mage, and Brag being left with a course to himself went on and won oleverlj.' Ik just half of the twenty-two mounts he had at Goodwood F. Archer (says the Lon don Sportsman) was suooessfoi, but in seven oases odds were laid on, in another the betting was even, one eaoh started at 6 to 5 and 2 to I agst., while in the iostanoe of Geheimnisa for the Singleton Stakes he had a walk over. At Goodwood last year he had steered nine winners, his rides numbering twenty-five, to the seven wine and twenty- one mounts of C. Wood, who during tne past week has added three to his eoore out of fifteen essays. T. Cannon boasts half a dozen successes as the result of seventeen sppeorsnces, while 8. Loates has scored a couple. The record to date stands — Archer, S66 mounts, lG2wioe; Wood, 303 mounts, 78 wins. At the corresponding date last Beason the figures were— F. Archer, 331 mounts, 114 wins; C. Wood, 313 mount 106 wins. As an instance of how differently races are run at home, I compare the followiog table of the records of the winners of the Good wood Gu|), two and a half miles, with tffi" average time occupied by Commotion for each mile in his Champion race, from whioh it will be seen that St. Simon, who ii justly designated " the horse of a centuiy," and whose time for the Goodwood Cup is, with one exception, the fastest on record, took at least thirty seconds longsr to get over the distance than Commotion and First Sing occupied in encompassiog the first two tt"1 and a half of the champion course. According to Benson's chronograph, St. Simon won the Goodwood Oup, two miles and a half, in 5min. lseo. Border Minstrel's victory last eeason was achieved in 6min. 8sec., while in the previous year Friday occupied Stnin 5 4-5th see. Madame du Barry's record in 1881 was 6min. ; Dresdeo China's, in 1880, 6min. 7isec. j Isonomy's, in 1879, 6min. Saec. ; Lincsem'e, in 1878, 6miu. 14sec. : Hampton's, in 1877, 6min. 56£«ec.; New Holland's, in 1876, 6min. 6sec. ; and Aven- turi&re;'a, in 1876, Smin. llsec. As Com motion's average time for his fimin. 26see. Champion was a trifle over lmin. 48£sec., his record for the two miles and a half must have been less than 4min. 31)sec, or about half a minute quicker than St. Simon's, who certainly won hard held. A decision of some importance was decided iast month by the Judge of the Cierkenweli County Court, who had before him a case in which Frank Chant, 243 New North-road, eued Edward Hay, landlord of the Bedford Arms, Holloway-road, for a sum of £2, " amount deposited in your hands for a speoi&o; purpose, and whioh sum you retain I against the wish of tbe plaintiff." Plaintiff Bald he bad given defendant £2 15s. to invest on racehorses. On ttat transaction he won a trifle, and then Instructed defendant to invest the whole smonnt on others. This was done, and he hid only received a portion of his money. Mr. Popbom, who was solicitor for aefeidant, contended that the amount, if due, ccsld not be recovered, as it was an illegal trgsaaotion,_and_plaintiff had not repudiated the bet. The Judge (to the plaintiff) : Befon the raoe was ran did you repudiate the b? Plaintiff: No; I went for my winning at the end of the day. Tbe Jadge said thedeporitor of the money eould not claim a retm of his money, as he had not revoked Us instructions prior to the event ooming off. If, however, before the money was piid over by the person who had it to invest tbe wager was repudiated and the wager Jemaaded back, the party first handing it would be entitled to reoover. This, howerer, did not appear to be the ease in the praeat instance. Mr. Popham said he had a perfeot answer to the oase. The money wis eo invested, the agreement being that a certain ' amount was to be laid on Pengoin and if that won, the whole amount to be pit on IshmaeL Penguin won, and the bet an was cancelled, defendant reoeiviqr all that was due to him on Pen guin. Plaintiff, however, deolared he had not osacelled the TcNma-l bet, and therefore was entitled to Us winnings therefrom. Verdist for defendant. Is another column we publish a review of the Caulfield Cap candidates, by "Sterling," a writer not unknown to the readers of the Sivbxsman. It is our Intention whenever Ojportnnity offers to obtain for our readers otntributiona from the pens of well-known iporting writers. In this way we will plaoe the readers of the Sportsman in possession of the opinions of sporting writers of known ability. In tbe future "Vigilant," "Ster ling," and "Free Lanoe" will contribute to our eolomna regularly, and we hope for an addition to our contributing staff at no dis tant day. A most distressing and fatal accident oc curred to youog Hanley, the jockey who rods Albert Victor in the Railway Handioap at tbe Canterbury Park meeting, on Satur day. It appears that Sarabanoa, ridden by Kelso, slipped near the torn and fell, and Albert Victor came down as well, both jockeys being trampled on by tbe remainder of tbe Arid. Kelso was picked np badly shaken, but otherwise not seriously injured, while the unfortunate lad Hanley was crushed and mangled beyond recognition, both arms being broken and his brains crashed oat. Hsoley, who was a promising jockey, had ridden Fernlea, the winner of the first raoe of the day. Mb. Frank Bobbins, the late owner of Brown Hawk, writes in reply to the ehallenge of " A Lover of Trotting,' which we pub lished last week, and off ere to match a gelding twenty yean old against anything in the stable of the writer of last week's letter. Mr. Bobbins names Defianoe as the ancient griding, and is prepared to make a match, to waggon, best two out of three mile beat. He is also anxious to match Captain Dearboe agsinstLittle Dick, on the following conditions Three raoes. First event, 1 mile heats, best 3 oat of 5 ; second, 2 mile heats, best 2 out of 3; third, 3 miles, one event, to waggon. Wo publish Mr. Bobbins letter in ertenso in another column. In another column we publish a letter in whioh H. Chifney, the Newmarket trainer, expresses his gratitude to those gentlemen who o&me; to his aid with subscriptions after his recent heavy loss by fire. Chifney winds up as follows " I hope that I shall long be held in tbe same esteem by the sporting publio as I appear to have been, judging from the very noble way they came WILLIAM MULDOON, THE FAMOUS AMERICAN WRESTLER. Transferred to the tcocd at the u Vita" Studio, to help me in my hour of trouble." We oordiauy re-eoho Chifuey's wish, which, judging by his present popularity and the high reputation he retains as a "straight" end painstaking trainer.) bids fair to bo fulfilled. As the Ballarat Meeting last week some most extraordinary wagon oa the V.B.C. Derby ware booked. The new owner of Tho Broker, after taking seven hundred to five hundred about Bargo, laid five hundred to fifty against his own horse (The Broker), and aooepted something like £4500 at tens to one about Leporello for the same event. The last-named oolt appears to be doing wonder fully well in his work, and has certainly thiokened into a handsome horse. Whether good enough to paoe with Bargo, Tremando, and Oo. remains to be seen. There are (writes a London paper) com- plaints in some caotioiu or ignorant ouartcrs about " the tameness " of the sport at Good wood. People ought to know by this time that when good hones are running it is useless to expect large fields. It is the same thing at Ascot and at Newmarket in "crack" raoes. People who think that the number of starters is the test of a successful meeting had better confine their sporting to Alex andra Park, and gatherings of that class, where they will find a dozen runners for a £100 handicap, aod, perhaps, a score for an auction plate, winner to be sold for £50. Could anything possibly be more exciting, from a sporting point of view, than the races last week for the Sussex, Racing, and Draw ing-room States? and all tho two-year-old eveute ware wdl contested. If the Cup was a virtual walkover, at least visitors were gratified by serine the beet hone in training and the winner of last year's Leger opposing eaoh other. There were besides eome really splendid finishes, whioh alone would have redeemed any meeting from failure, notably those for tbe Stewards' Cup, Queen's Plate, Drawing-room Stakes, and for the match on Friday. The emallneet of the fields certainly did not diminish tbe anxieties and activities of speculation on the Leger, for the beLting on that race was pretty well revolutionised by tbe results of the three-year-old events, and several . heavily-backed animals have apparently returned to those forlorn odds from which they never ought to have been advanced. While holding strongly to our own views on all subject, we are at all times jrieaaed to open our columns for the discussion of matters of importance to the sporting com munity. Hence, we this week not only insert a letter from Mr. A. F. Bradshaw on the subject of scratching, from an owner's and trainer's point of view, but in the matter of type we give more than usual prominence to it. We shall have our say again in due time on this subject. By the scratching of The Broker, tbe ring are, in more ways than one, big winners, as that oolt had been heavily supported, more particularly in doubles. 