I 8PABKS: j We Herald's Wem Guim* min fauÀ-hé » eery newchuro-I mean Ute chap1 Who fent Qarrany the account of the ceremony , thp took, place at the hoisting of the Union JacK, by Oortímbdoré Erskine. 'He says that the native batik tíf chewing betel .nut and cliunaro ia ditgutting. T« Wm it may hu, hut to one who knows different) it ia à cleanly .practice when compared to our flnglísli and' Amercan system of chewing 'bacon I notice too, that abuut SOO papers, more' or leas, have 5n iheir *'Brevities " colfirrin the yarn about the New Guinea women suckling a child at one breast and a pup at the other which i« a nasty yarn if you like, though it may be truthful in many ' ways, for t'other youngster in course nf time may become a pup. and then there'll be twoyo.ing dogs. ? The late cricket match afforderl a poor dis play of discipline on the pnrt of our local men-in fact, there was none ; those few who did their best quietly and well, were unaided by those who made more noise than any thing else ; and even the plucky Richmond man showed his temper in n most unbecoming manner-by throwing down his bat like a spoiled child when the wicket-keeper called out " How's that." The scoring « as kept ns well as could be expected under the ciicumstaiices- that is to say, 'twas worried through somehow, nnd( then was misstated after all, in' his usual clever way, by ihe »corer, Geo. Da?ies-as his own figures will show ; the» Herald man by his figures, makes the Englishmen's score 273-which is not to be wondered at, seeing I how he took the scores, I On dil that a certain swaggering individual I prophecied that St. Leon's Circus wouldn't do any biz because it wasn't advertised in his rag. Well, Wednesday night proved how I vain and unreliable are some people's words ; the show was advertised in a decent paper, by a decent man-who paid a fair price for it, and the consequeuce was there was a boom ing bouse. I If you, my dear sir, heard a fellow spinning i a yarn, long enough to make a hangman's rope, toa respectable tradesman in a public j place, to the detraction of another (espectable j mfin's business, wouldn't you cati that libel 1 [No, we should call it double distilled vii Jainy. and treat (he skunk accordingly.-ED. i The medal for inconsistency shall be awarded the editor of the Australian. But a short time ago he, in his humanitarian rage, j cursed the " eat "; now. in bia virtuous in- j dignation at the viciousness of onr larrikinii, he says that " Hogging is too mild." t have said so all along, but then I wasn't1 Sir Oracle like Georgius the big, «hoi« oracu lar in everything. Then, 'twas but the other day that the peelers did wrong for daring to speak to people sitting in the Park o' nights ; now, it is the policeman's duty to stop seduction. Where's the law for it, old boss f lets have an Act of Parliament first; then the men in blue, no doubt, will be just BS ready to set,, aa other people are to tr*»*-when it snits them. '* People who live in glass houses shouldn't throw stones." Which remind* me that I picked the following poetical lucrabation from under a seat in the Park on Sunday-which, I infer, some poor, worn and weary Robert, who had been guarding the morals and virtues of the young Park-rangers, had dropped, after com posing and writing in his pocket book (I know thia to be the case, because there is a memo on the back of the paper in this wise " To summons G- anti L - and A- and D-for-in the Park, at 11*45 p.m., 29th November." And then, I presume, the poor wretch fell asleep exhausted with his long night watch, and the difficult and extra ordinary task of writing rhyme (and reason) by moonlight. It might well be called the Bobby's Lament, after- the "Lamentations" of Jeremiah. Anyway, here it is : Come, pity all, us men in blue The Bobbies and the Traps For we can't please, whate'er we do, Them Hebrew printer chaps. We're blamed for doing what is right As much as if 'twere wrong ; And if we are out late at night, They say we're out too long. Long or short, 'tis all the same, t. We're never at our post E'en though we pick up in the street, A drunkard or a ghost. Or perhaps disturb a giddy pair A sitting In the Park Then 'tis " Trap, what do you there, A mouching after dark 7" We musn't even stand and tBlk We dare not if we choose ; But must do our stately walk. To please them blessed Jews. Bowral'* a rising place, and they mean biz : among other things they are building a School nf Arts, and tn the local paper I notice that a "Mechanic" is speaking very pUinlv as to the Way said building is being slummed np, Thero is a passage leading.to «he Hali thirty feot without a support, -and t he wall s five inches thick. Just laney 1 And then the walls of the Hall itself, having a clear run of sixty feet, are of nine inches only. I am nbt surprised at " Mechanic" drawing attention to such gimcrack work ; and the wonder is why 'twas ever permitted. Dr. Moran, at the Sacred Heart Literary and Debating Society, extolled science-that is, true science-aud referred to such illus trious men as Copernicus, Herschell, Cuvier nnd Faraday-though, of course. Galileo, Bruno, Descartes, Lalande, Laplace, Kepler, Newton, Darwin ¿nd Huxley are not men tioned, That ia immaterial, however ; I am glad to see the Archbishop Coming roUnd- and, no doubt^he sees now the false step he made a short time ago on this matter. Will Iiis Grace show us how he distinguishes false science from the real stingo. 1 like to see loyal people do the thing properly-Í know much of the loyalty noW-a -davs is only skin deep, and thus we find at a recent concert, the National Anthem ! ..-avestiv 1 Sy some young Joyalifti who made j a hideous lloví k of it. X aron Bepdblican, and don't é»n ¿«tr^w «he ber the Anthem U cune or not-but when thé good lády Trow rahs the Ercotais singled -int for adoration by people who be Herein the Öiviße %htflt kings, let them Ret i» Itetla e good example According to hUty ä publican's wife, or daiifrhtfei; hr sefvani; inay have her ears assailed by tiny filthy expression a half driiriketi hoodlum may chose ut bawl out, and j the' seller of tanglefoot may not retaliate (liough another man tn his house might almost alay such an offender. I True, ff publican has hil remedy,, and he may even Brike a cantankerous imbiber should resistance be offered in turning him out, or he may call the police. Which does not much improve the publi can's position« for an inksèper may be a re spectable man, and have a wife and childten as pure as another man's; and any man's first act is, or should be, when his family is outraged hy expressions fit only for the lower tier of Hades, to smite the offender ; and when an indignant matt acts this way he doesn't think twice about the consequences. The strict and logical sequence of this is, that a publican has no business to be a decent man or have a decent family: VULCAN, 