"The Long Pack." .... High dp among the bills, on the wagon road that runs through the Casoita pass, is a small tavern, much frequented by com ■ mercial travellers, and which lean the odd title of " The Long Pack." "Does that mean a long pack of cards?" inquired a traveller, glancingat the awing-, ing signboard, which also represented the. . weather-worn picture of something faintly resembling a soldier's overgrown knapsack. " No," replied the grey-headed landlord. " It means a peddler's papk. Nowadays they call them sample caaeB,. I *-.believe," pointing to the baggage of several ooinmerr. cial drummers that stood in a corner. " You see I have a good deal of that. sort of cus tom. I try to make the''road boyB' as oomfortable as possible, for I was a little too hard on their fraternity once." " ' " How was that T" "Well," said the mountain Boniface,-, who had waited nntil his daughter, abuxOih matron had left the room, ."it-ain't a very pleasant story, but I like to tell it some times, just to remind' myself that the worrit' thing a man can have in this world is 'ft hot, obstinate temper. You see, I came to this ooast soon after the gold' feVer brolui out, and settled down .iq the Santa- Barbara valley, below here, ranching. I was a widower even then, and had Drought with me from the states my-only child1—a daugn .ter, past seventeen* ' She was a', pretty-, girl,: if I do Bay it, and being as good as pretty, you can imagine I was quite wrapped up in her. Of course, I was anxious to keep her with me, and if not that, at least 1 looked for her to do something better than fall in love with a peddler." " And she did I" " Yes ; you see, in those days the coun try was full of young fellows who had struck out for themselves, and were trying to get a start by carrying knick- knacks around from one mining camp to another. Some of them were lively chaps enough and well educated, but I was fresh from the States, with all the western prejudices, and it almost drove me wild when Nellie told me she wanted to marry a young fellow who brought his pack through our district a good deal oftener than the trade seemed to require, 1 was a hot'tempered fool in those days, so I stormed, threatened, locked Nellie up for a week, and sent word to her lover that I had loaded my gun for wildoats and ped dlers." " What did Nellie do?" "You might have guessed it, stranger. One day when I came back from a cattle sale she was missing. I chased her a couple •of days, but they had taken to the tall tim ber and it was no use. After a while I got a letter from 'Frisco, and I wrote back say ing that I disowned her, and that he had better keep out of the range of my deer rifle." " What did you do then?" 11 Suffered, mister—just suffered. I knew I was wrong, but I'd have died rather than give in. For four years I lived like a toad in a rock, hating the whole world. All the pleasure I had was in watching for peddlers, The number I chased off the ranch during that time would astonish you. One evening, after a terrible rainstorm, one of the tribe came to my house and asked ior shelter for the night. He was a thin, weak looking fellow, "with his face covered by a huge ragged beard. He carried on his back an enormously long and heavy pack, and seemed so exhausted with his tramp through the mire that I hadn't the heart to do more than order him Off the place, "That was pretty hard," said the list ener. " I suppose it was. The peddler seemed all broke np when he found I wouldn't even give him a bunch of straw in the sta ble, and no other house within twelve miles. Instead of complaining, however, he merely begged that I would let him leave the pack, which he said contained goods of value, under shelter from the rain. I finally con sented to this. So, as I had sworn one of his trade should never cross my threshold, I carried his pack inside, while its owner limped off to crawl under Bome bush or Other." " Didn't you feel mean ?" "Yea; mean and bitter at the same time, I for something about the man reminded me of Nellie's husband a little. However, I locked and barred all the doors and win dows, as usual, for some road agents had been around those parts about that time, and had stood up and robbed some ranch ers, and, as 1 told you, I was all alone. Somehow I couldn't go to sleep when, after that, I went to Ded. After tossing around for awhile, I got up and sat by the fire, brooding over my trouble, and trying not to think of the poor devil shivering out there in the cold and rain somewhere. I looked at his pack sitting up in the corner, and wondered what made it so long. As I jvatched it, I fancied I saw it move. "Saw it move?" "Exactly, I wouldn't believe my eyes at first, but _ after watching intently for a while, I distinctly saw the front of a hand pressed against the canvas from the inside. Like a flash then I understood the whole thing. The peddler was one of the road , igent'a gang, and, knowing I had consider a ble money about the house, they had aa^opted this plan for smuggling one of their ere * inside tne house. After I had gone to slee^V the fellow inside could let in the rest and fi'nith the job. I walked quietly across the ro om, took my gun from the antlers, knelt down & few feet from the pack, aimed square )'n the centre, and pulled the trig ger." "Goon/* murmured the listener, with a shudder. "But the gun didn't go off," continued the landlord,, clearing his throat. " The nipple was rusty ana wouldn't work, so I laid down the rifle and got an axe from the kitohen. It had been newly ground that day, and when I lifted it above my head, I counted npon. cleaving that pack, robber a ud all, clear to the floor. Just as I raised thi' axe, and braced myself for the blow, I— I sa * * ghost." "J. ghost?" "Y.*, sir. The pack opened, and I saw sticking out of its top the curly yellow head, bAoe eyes, and rosy cheeks of my Nellie w hen jshe was a little tot of four. The shook staggered, me so that I sank on my knees. I wiped my eyes, and wondered if I had not £one crazy. I was almost cer tain of it, wlAen the ghost stretched ont a pair of ohubby white arms, and said; "'Deevnin, arandpa' 1" "Ah!" said the guest, with a relieved sigh, " I begin to see. And what did yon do then ?" " I don't exactly know," said the land-! lord, softly, " but if there is anything that: will bend a stiff, stubborn npek quicker than the arms of a little child, I'd like to know what it is. I put the tired little prisoner down by the fire, opened the door and held out my arms," " And the mother " " Yes,"nodded the landlord, "they were both there ; and, mister, I guess that's the end of my story," and the old man wiped his eyes. " You must exouse mo, stranger, but that was a wet evening, and somehow I haven't got quite dry einoe," 