A FEW REMARKS ON "HEAPHY'S GHOST." TO THE EDITOB. Sir—As this most interesting story in last Saturday's Evening Journal may be considerably enhanced by my closer personal knowledge of it, its truly cheering and consoling influence in these sceptical times will receive the reassuring trust of a firm belief in these positive facts. I was in London, where, in the reading-room of the Association of Spiritualists of Great Britain, this very portrait, lent by the painter, attracted me with magnetic force daily during this private exhibition. The artist became a member of the Society, in consequence of his extraordinary experience. In the daily increase of unbiassed enquirers, who laugh at the folly of blindly denying facts either by reverend or irreverend opponents, a few hints on these strange occurrences may interest those readers who discover in the marked advance of revealinents from the unseen world a coming readjustment of theological traditions and a total destruction of the materialistic doctrine. My own vast experience in so- called materializations (re-embodiments) of spirits take away the surprise of these statements ; but on the different phases of these brief reincarnations I may offer some remarks. I noticed in dark seances how some persons saw forms where I gazed into the dark; whilst after some minutes other people confirmed the professed visions. Then I, too, saw a faint greyish form, growing in luminosity until all members of the circle saw it, _ and a most interesting feature, quite plainly visible when light was ermitted to flow in by opening the Poor. Mr. Heaphy, evidently mediumistic, perceived the lady whilst she was invisible to the rest. The intricate problem, however, lies in the fact of her having taken an active part in the dinner. Who served ? I saw a materialized spirit, seen by all present, actually drink a glass of wine. Let me refer to a marvellous photo-experiment. I prepared the camera with a dry plate and having arranged all, put out the light and total darkness ensued after 9 o'clock in the evening in winter, made me doubtful of any result, although the spirit said to try by their " own light," invisible to us. In developing the plate I got the exact form, as frequently seen in my seanceB, nobody meddling with my own manipulations in the whole process. Then, again, at broad daylight I held a glass of wine under the table to salute a merry SDirit, and withdrew the glass perfectly dry, and not a Bin<|le drop spilt, nor was there any trace of a Visible form aiding in the explanation. Afterwards the spirit raoped out (in defence of the teetotalism principle ?) —" We did not drink, but spiritualized the stufE" All these again and again witnessed and crucially tested_ phenomena clearly show that we live in a perfect illusion as to matter and its crude watchmen— the five senses—and in this fascinating report of plain facts in Mr. Heaphy's case discern a beneficial purpose of occult powers, if wisely used. Insanity dispelled, domestic happinesB restored by a divine administration of reserved powers unaccessible by ordinary methods of research. Unaccountable cases of pending insanity by sectarian hairsplittings have been instantly cured by contact with these hidden forces, the flat denial and ignorance of which will leave the phenomena of life ever in a chaos of confusion. The retarding work of the impostors and humbugs among whom the pious exposers " played a conspicuous part" begins to recede under the growing conviction of a something incalculably valuable at the bottom of these mysteries, which naturally excite the combative wrath of the modern materialists, who delight in the sweet delusion of gliding into annihilation and out of hard work, pain, and responsibility at the terminus of earth's journey. I am, Sir. &c.;, C. REIMERS. Adelaide, September 28. RELIGIOUS TEACHING.—We have already laced on record (observes the Argus) our § iBsent from that portion of Bishop Moorhouse's recent address to the annual assembly of his Church in which he suggested that the liberty of the subject should be infringed by compelling the Stateschool teachers to give religious lessons to the Victorian youth. In such a matter the very idea of compulsion offends a man's sense of common justice. But let it be assumed that the teachers might be relieved of the disabilities under which they at present labour, then there is good reason to believe that a large proportion of them would be glad to second Bishop Moorhouse in his efforts to promote the cultivation of the religious sentiment, which he rightly holds to be the essential condition of a healthy national life. The voluntary principle may be trusted in ihe matter of the religious education of the young, as well as in every other detail of Church work. But as regards the reverence for holy things, with which we desire, quite as heartily as the Bishop can do, that the hearts of the community should be permeated, the seed must be sown otherwhere than in crowded classrooms. The spiritual plant which the Bishop would nourish has its natural root iu the simple lessons which the infant learns at its mother's knee. It is in the Christian home, and not in the State school building, that the child is really responsive to lessons of the Almighty's fatherly providence and the Saviour's redeeming love. 