CIIRIST OllURCCI 801100C L BUIILDING. LAOINO TitR NEMOIu L aTONE. SAr?Amr, the 9th day of Angust, 1884, will long be rememnbert l in the annals of tile parish of WVest Goulburn as a red-letter day And for this reason: The memorial stone of a building for the use of the parish was laid on this day, whtich building is to serve the dual purpose of a school, and ablo of a temporary church. The parishioners of the western parish are to be congratulated on the happy event. Dunobtle.s, in couarseo of thue, as the population on the other side of the large reserve increasles, the true value of such a building, when it is completed, will be more fully and widely appreciated. It is to be hoped, therefore, that all concerned will work heartily and unitedly in the effort now being made to erect a structure which will meet the educational and spiritual wants of the parish, which has for its incumbent, the Rev. Canon Soares. In spite of the very unpropitious weather, and also of the fact that there was no shelter of any kind to protect the spectators from the keen and biting wind which blew across from the cold uplands in the direction of Crookwell, a goodly number of people were present to witness the ceremony of lay ing the stone, amongst them being the Rev. Canon Soares (incumbent at West Goulburn), Auchinleeh Ross Tirrana), Hugh Dunlop (Binda), and a fair sprinking of ladies. Occasional showers swept across the spot, and the wind was very boisterous; but this did not damp the ardour of those who had assembled. The site chosen for the building is an exceedingly appropriate one. It lies away to the left of the western end of Clinton-street, and the structure will stand on an elevation, from which a good view of the southern end of Goulburn is to be obtained. It is, to an extent, sheltered by a range of gently-rising hills which lies away some distance in the back grounds. The edifice will be erected in the centre of a rapidly-extending district, which will, at no distant date, include a large population. At present only the foundations are seen, with a line of brickwork rising at one end. Over an open ing in the brickwork alluded to, the stone (which was nicely finished and bears the inscription, "erected A.D., 1884,") was suspended by some tackling, ready to be lowered when the time arrived, The English ensign waved its folds in the breeze over the stone, and the ensign of Australia was suspended from one of the scaffold poles; and the scene and its surroundings was of a very pleascint and gratifying character. After a few preliminaries, tie proceedings were opened by Canon Soares giving out the words of the hymn, "Jesus, wherc'cr Thy people meet," which was heartily sung by thoso surrounding the stone. Prayers were then read by the Revs. Canon Soares and H. Dunlop; after which, the Roev. Auchinleck- Ross read the lesson (taken from HIaggai, , 2-15). Further prayers having been said, (anon ,ioarcs called on MTrs. Harrison to deposit a bottle, which contained copies of reports, &C.;, referring to church matters, together with a list of the names of those who had interested themselves in the erection of the building, and copies of the S. IM. Herald, the Goulburn E. 1'. Post, and the Goulburn Herald, in a cavity beneath the memorial-stonu. While Mrs. Harrison was performing this duty, the Canon paid a graceful tribute to that lady and to the other friends whi, had assisted him in the work of the parish. This part of the programme having been satisfactorily accomplished, Mrs. J. B. Carter (in response to the invitation of tho .incumbent) stepped on to the stage,. and, grasping the mallet and trowel, proceeded to lay the memorial- stone. The stone having been lowered into its position, Mrs. CGater made the following declaration:-" I lay this memorial-stone of a building to serve the purposo of a school, as also of a temporary church, for the parish of YWest Goulburn (and to bear the name of Christ Church School Building), to the honour and glory of. the Holy, Eternal, and Undivided Trinity, the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost.' Amen." At the conclusion of the declaration those present responded: -" And may the glorious Majesty of the Lord our God be upon us. Prosper Thou the work of our hands upon us; O, prosper Thou our handiwork." At the termination of the ceremony, The Rev. Canon Soares gave a detailed account of the circumstances which led him to come to Goulburn, and also of his subsequent appointment as incumbent of the parish of West Goulburn. He then went on to say that it had long been his earnest desire to have a place where he could meet his people, and he and Mrs. Soares and many other kind friends had laboured hard for the attainment of the object which they all had in view. It had not. been an easy task, however, to do this. From different quarters, and different people, he had received protests against the course he lhad been pursuing; and he had been entreated not to go on any further with the work, because it was alleged that it might, to an extent, injure -4he other parishes of the city. But much of this hoe regarded as interfering with the proper rights of a clergyman, and he had kept pressing on towards the attainment of the object at which he had aimed. He had,'with the assistance of several friends, scoured the land for the building, and while on his visit to England, some time ago, he liad collected from friends there nearly £700. This was very kind of their English brethren, and it showed that they;sympathised with them in Australia. (Hear, hear). The speaker 3oncluded by alluding to the generosity of some of the people of the parish and the other friends who had promised support. The amount of £38 4s 3d was laid upon the stone. Of this sum £25 was given by Canon Soares, and the remainder by other friends. . . Brief addresses were then delivered by the Reva. H. Dunlop and Auchinleck-Ross, and the pronounc ing of the benediction brought the- proceedings to a close.. The building, which willl.be of brick, with a galvanised iron roof, will present a very neat appearance. In the centr will' bo a tower of about 40 feet in height, which will set off theo little structure to advantage.. The main room will be 415 by 22 feet, and will accommedato -168 persons. This room will bo used for public worship. In addition there will be two class rooms, each to feet by '14 feet, the tower entrance-a room of 7 feet square-and a vestry of the same dimen sions. Mr. Geo. Dalton is the contractor for the erection of the building. The building will face the city, and room has been left to permit of the erecl ion in the future of a church between the present structure and the strent. 