GLEANINGS.. Tee Recent Sunsets.—At a meeting of the Royal Society of Edinburgh on January 21 (says a Scotch paper), Mr. John Aitkin read notes on recent sunsets. There were two theories regarding them. One was that they were due to an overabundance of watery vaponr in tbe air; the other that they were due to an overabundance of dust in the air —metoric or volcanic. Mr. Proctor held that the duBt was meteoric, and most other people that it was volcanic. He (Mr. Aitkin) thought they had a ready meanB of deter mining whether the phenomenon was due to watery vapour or dust. Watery vapour acted as on absorbent, and the light of the sun in passing through it had certain rays destroyed; but if the colour was produced by dust, it would act as a Bifting agent, and would not destroy the rays. If it were dust, then, they ought to have somewhere in the sky the complementary colours to the brilliant reds they found in the sunsets. He thought they had those complementary colours. If they had examined the sky over head they would have found that the blues were very deep and the greens more brilliant than any of them had ever seen before. These blues and greens were complementary to the reds. The rays, therefore, had not been destroyed, but reflected by dust; and for that reason it appeared to him that dust in the air was the cause of the fine sunsets, and not watery vapour. The German Press on the Annexation Question.—The following is a translation of a portion of an article dealing with the reso lutions of the late Sydney Convention pub lished in the latest issue to hand of the semiofficial German Exportor:— " We might add something to these formal resolutions in favour of annexation, espe cially in connection with the revived rumour that England is deBirous of putting forth a claim to the annexation of the Samoan Islands. Now, with regard to Samoa, the English, who so eagerly long for the acquisi tion of other countries, may find an extremely cogent reason for curtailing their greedy deBires, and making the sphere of British interests somewhat less extensive. Although, if it should be otherwise, looking merely at the distribution of those chips of the earth which are still left unannexed, Germany would never tolerate any action by a foreign Power which would be opposed to the Treaty of Friendship and Commerce—under which Germany is the most favoured nation—con tracted with this group of islands." It may he mentioned that the islands concerning which the Exporter displays such a tender solicitude were expressly exempted, both at the Convention and by the British Govern ment, from the operation of any scheme of annexation in the Pacifio that might be adopted. A Judge on the Oath Question.—A little pamphlet, entitled *• SuggeBtionB as to Oaths—Is the Oath of Allegiance a Profane Oath?" haB just been issued by "J. M." (who is understood to be Sir John Mellor, late Judge of the Queen's Bench Division). The writer expresses his belief that " the existing want of reverence and awe rightly attaching to the name of God is mainly due to frequent and profane use of oaths," and, " being pro foundly convinced by a long judical ex perience of the general worthlessness of oaths," he advocates their abolition as a test of truth, but would retain the. punishment for false declarations wherever the law prescribes a penalty for a false oath. "An honest man's testimony," he says, " will not be made more true under the sanction of an oath, and a dishonest man will only be affected by the dread of temporal punishment." Sir John proposes as a substitute the signature of a declaration by every member of Parliament, on taking his seat, that he professes " true allegiance to thelQueen, her,heirs and successors according tolaw Army Recruits.—The London corre spondent of the Argus, under date February 1, observes:—" For some time past we have had jeremiads over the failure of recruits to join the colonr, and the army has been represented as consisting mainly of 'boyB' utterly unfit to endure the fatigues and hardships of active campaigning. The Times recently combatted these statements, and stated that the number of recruits during the year just expired was in excess of 33,000, a number never equalled before in time of peace, and that has been exceeded probably only once or twice even amid all the Bounties and other exceptional inducements incidental to a period of war. It is nearly 60 per cent, over the number that joined the colours in 1882, about 4,000 more than the yield of 1876, our most prolific modern year, and not far short of three times that-of the last year in which the long-service system was in full lorce. inese gratifying representations have since been confirmed by the ex cellent authority of Lord Wolseley, in the course of a speech delivered on Saturday last at a banquet riven by the Artist Rifle Volun teers. His Lordship declared emphatically that the short-service system had proved a decided success. ' Among the statements made against the army,' he said,' ' one of the most formidable is that, although we talked a great deal about the number of men we would obtain when this system was esta blished, we do not get them now. True, these statements have been rather modified of late, because certain figures have been published which completely destroy the theories of these critics. You will realize the fact that we are getting a large number of men when I tell you that last year we en listed over S3,000—the largest number ever enlisted in time of peace within the memory of man. Bnt when the critics are met on that side they turn to another quarter, and say, " Oh, yes, yon get a large number of men, bnt what are they I Poor, miserable crea tures, wretched boys, little more than chil dren I" Now. it is only by going aihong the men themselves, and seeing them that a fair opinion can be formed of the quality of the recruits we obtain. Recently I have had great opportunities during inspec tions of going among the rank- and-file, and it is my opinion that the men who are enlisting are certainly as fine as, if not finer than, any who have joined the army since the time I first entered it. 1 said jnst now that 33,000 men enliBted last year. Of these 91 per cent, are over 20 years of age and 20 per cent, over SO; 68 per cent, are over 5ft. 7 in. high, 83 per cent are over 35 in. round the ohest, and 78 per cent, are over two years' service. These figures certainly compare most favour ably with the German army, or the French army, or the Austrian army, or any army in the world. There is no other army in the world which can produce Buch satisfactory results as regards the 'physical condition of the men actually serving with the colours. Of this I am quite certain, that, taking the army as a whole—including the militia and volunteers—at no previous period of our history have we had one more worthy of the nation than the army which exists at the present moment. My single growl abont our army is that we have not got enough of it.'" American Jewellery.—The great home of the jewellery trade (says an English paper) in the United States is Providence, Rhode Island. It seems that there are here 184 manufacturing ' establishments, employing about 3,500 hands, and producing goods to the value of $5,775,955 annually. The manu facture began soon after the revolution, and in 1805 there were four large establishments. The city also makes not less than 87 per cent, of the screws used in the United States, and 2,340,000 pieces of prints during the year. There' are, all tola. 2,383 manufacturing establishments in the city, with a total capital of $28,957,659, employing 26,278 hands, and turning out a yearly product of $43,121,033. Of the 2,383 factories, breweries and liquors have the greatest number—435; clothing next, 315; jewellery next, 184; and boots and shoes, 147. The hardware, sewing machines, and screw factories have the most capital invested, viz., $3,800,000; jewellery next, $3,225,500; chemicals, $2,000,000; machinery, steam-engines, and clothing, each over $1,500,000; and woollen mills and silver ware, over $1,000,000. The jewellery product is much the most valuable, as we nave seen above, amounting to $5,775,955. No other product reaches $3,000,000; and only steam-engines, chemicals, and drugs, clothing, hardware, and silver ware turning out $2,000,000. TVv At.ahama Claims.—The Commis sioners upon the Alabama claims (says an exchange) have reported to the Attorney General of the. United States that 5,751 claims, amounting to $28,061,997 have been filed. One thousand five hundred and seventy-five of these claims are of the first class, and amount to $10,570,503, and 4,176 are of the second class, amounting to $17,541,494. All these claims have been properly edited and docketed. Commissions to take testimony have been issued in 4,950 cases, and testimony under stipulations of counsel is being taken in about 200 cases at remote points within and beyond the United States. The report states that the business of the Court has been pressed with constant assiduity, and the following is a statement of the work accomplished up to and including October 31, 1883:—Number of cases tried, 549; number of judgments rendered—Class 1 307, class 2 149; amount claimed in cases tried—class 1, $1,193,157; amount allowed, $1,136,426; amount claimed in cases tried class 2, $831,075. The amounts allowed are for principal only. The interest would add about 55 per cent. The Sea Serpent Once More.—It was about time that a new yarn about the dis covery of the sea serpent should be told, for the old ones had been worn threadbare. A Washington telegraphist supplies the want. Wiring to an American exchange on Decem ber 7, he says:—"Captain W. L. Green, keeper of the life-saving station at Long Branch, N.J., reports to the General Superin tendent of the Bervice, under date of Novem ber 24, that five of his crew, who were fishing in the ocean a few days before, saw a hideous sea seroent a short distance from their boats. According to the story told by the crew, the serpent was fully 90 to 100 feet long, and.30 feet wide, and we did not see its entire length. They also say that there were two blow-holes about nine feet long and two feet wide about 20 feet from the end of his nose. The body was black, the head short, and near the nose were two stubby horns. Captain Green adds that the serpent was also seen from the station, making it? appearance on the surface at intervals of ten minutes." The correspondent's closing remark is—" This is the truth." Ths Rimnisoencbs or a Wax Corre spondent.—Archibald Forbes recently con tributed an interesting article to the English Illustrated Magazine. Towards the close he writes " I have seen Napoleon IIL at the pinnacle of his hollow splendour. From the German picquet line on 2nd August, 1870, I heard the distant cheering on the Spicheren berg that greeted him ana the lad whom he had brought from Metz to receive that day his ' baptism of fire.' Again I saw him on the morning after Sedan as the broken man —broken in power, in prestige, in health, in spirits—sit with Bismarck on the grass-plot in front of the weaver's cottage on the Don cbery road. Next morning I witnessed his departure into his Wilhelmshohe captivity. I have seen him doddering about Brighton, and strolling under the beechtrees that encircle Chislehurat Com mon. And for the last time of all I saw that stolid, careworn face, as it lay on the raised pillow of the bier in the broad corridor of Camden Palace , and when the face was no more visible I witnessed the coffin laid down in the little Chapel among the Chisleburst elmtrees. I knew the boy of the Empire when the shackles of the Empire had fallen from his limbs, and he was no longer a buck ram creature, but a lively, natural lad. My acquaintance endured into his manhood. When the twilight was falling on the rolling veldt of Zululand and his day's work in the stAff tent was done, he liked, as it seemed to me, to goBBip with one who knew the outer side of the picture, about the early days of the Franco-German war—a war that had wrought at once his rain and his emancipation. And, finally, poor gallant lad, I saw dimly through tears the very last of nim as he lay there dead on the blood stained sward by the Ityotyosi River, with a calm, proud smile on his face, and his body pierced by countless assegai stabs. Men have oalled his death ignoble. Petty as was the quarrel, wretched as was the desertion that wrought his fate, I call him, rather, happy in the opportunity of his death. Had he lived, what of artificiality, what of hollow unreality might there not have been in store for him. As it was he had moved in the world a live ghost. Better than this, surely, to be a dead hero—to end the Napoleonic serin-comedy with his young face gallantly to hiB assailants and his life-blood drawn by the cold steel." 