WESLEYAN CONFERENCE. AT tho Conference, lost week, tho report of tho Sunday schools was presented us follows:-Syd- ney district, 94 schools ; Buthurat district, 52 schools ; Maitland district, -12 schools; Aruiidalo and Grafton district,, HO schools ; Goulburn district, -to schools ; Queensland, 59 soliools. Total, 32S, being an increuso of 2-1 schools for tho year 1S83. Tlioro is nu increase of 107 in the number of touchers, the number this your boing 23G2 j an increase of (54. in the touchers who uro uiombcrs of the church, tho number boing 1737. The mi in ber of scholars is 22,105, being «ii incronso of HOS over lust year. The number of scholars members of the church is 550, un increase of G i in the your. Hov, W. DAWSON referred to tho decrcaso in tho Aruiidalo and Grafton districts, hut was glad to report u Mussed ? work of God in tho Inverell circuit. Kev. G. HUIIST thought that wo wanted not so much organisation as Christian life. As to tho stylo ot preaching, ho thought Mrs Hump son's forcible way of putting old truths afforded iv useful model. He wished the laity would do all tho work they might' do, and not merely givo their money. They might ral io ve the ministers largely by meeting the classes in other ways Mr 13. JAMES thought that no further organi- sation was needed, but that much could bo doue by tho uso of existing machinery. Ho referred to the multiplicity of week-night services, which prevented many laymen from attending at all. Ho wished something could bo dono for tho sailors of tho navy ona for the sick in tho hospitals. Tho Hov. D. KELVKACK testified to tho fidelity of tho pulpit and the excellence of the luity, IIB ho had observed in his travels. Tho great want, he. considered, was the divine power of tho Holy Ghost to deal with the intellectual 'convert arid the moral evil of the times. Mr 13. JAMES proposed : 'This conference directs tho sustentation and extension com- mittee) to Uko into consideration the wants of tho immigrants and seamen visiting the port of Sydnoy ; the members of tho Permanent Force, the inmates of tho hospitals and other benevo lent institutions, to wake such arrangements for thia oversight as may be deemed desirable.' -Curried. The conference proceeded with tho' s. uond reading of the stations. The following altera- tions were made :-York-street, W. G. Taylor ; Bourke-street, W. H. Roger«; Ashfield, H. Youngman : Gunnedah, F. C. (Durwood ; Mac- leay River, E. Fox, T. Parker ; Port Macquarie, B. Dinning ; Tenterfield, W. Dinning ; Rich- mond and Tweed Rivers, A. Hutchison, L. A. Scotting ; Corowa, 8. J. Gibson ; Warwick, J. S. Middleton.-Abridged from tho Sydney papers. . ; 