; TURF TOPICS AND ANTICIPATIONS. ' ! ' ' Br ASMODEBS.;- ' ' . : ; Tho Melbourne Hunt Clnb bavonrrnngeil a nico littlo meoticg to-dar at Blemliigton, and thoogh tbo omission of a Hnrdlo Baco is an undoubted mistake there is evory prospoct of a good after noon's sport. The Soiling Baco, wbiob'commonccs . tho proceedings, Bbould bo won by Frimu3 or 1 ixnowioago, and tno Dorintliion Flat liaco reads a . good thing for PctrcL In the Blying Stakes Tbe Ghost and Stationer appear to bo as well in as anything, and the Steeplo shonld bo fooglit ont by Friendless and Fickle. Egeiton, if well, ' shonld appropriate tbo Bruni Stakes, and. the: Birthday Stakes has so many in tbat -may be. withdrawn that tho taBlc of. selection is ' very difficult, but nt present Cupola, and Castaway', may bo considered most dangerous. ' Tho Adobido .Racing .Club, commenco thoir Autumn meeting to-day; when Agitation or Nooroug shonld win tho Hurdlo Race, Bob Cooper the Steeplo, Little Sister tho A.R.C. : Handicap, and Topaz tho Totalisator Handicap. Tho Birthday Cap is not run till next Thursday, buforo which timo some very important changes may take place in tho morkot; but of tho thirteen still left in, King of tho Valo, Nicholas; Guess work and Colstoun aro to bo preferred. Tho former is at present best favorite in tbe market, but any demonstration in favor of Colstoun would qnickly placo him at the head of tho poll, A large nnmbor of tnrfites havo gone to Sydney to assist in the Birthday Moeting which takes .place to-day,' and as tho entries are largo and tho prizes good the meoting will probably bo an interesting obo, Tho Royal Stakes and Birthday Cup are attracting a considerable! amount of attention here, in fact betting is moro spirited on these events than on tho Birthday Cup in Adelaide. The Royal Stakes, which is over six furlongs, has a rare ontry of sprinters, and tho chances of Rapid-, Hero's Lnck and Rataplan look boston paper. Tbo Cup has another excellent entry, and Lesbia, who is supposed to be well in, has beon brought to a short prico ; but Jessie, Stockdaio and Lord Clifdou seem to be better goods. The other events of tho day aro a Hurdlo Raco, tho May Stakes, a Soiling Race and a Ladies' Bracelet, bnt as tho scratch in sr will cer tainly bo numerous in each event it would be. idle to touch thorn. By the Adolaidc, v, hich arrivod on Monday, a largo nnmbor of racing men who had boon assist- ing at tho S.A.J.O. meeting returned. Thoring mon complained bitterly of tho competition they had td onconntor in the totalisator, and as the doubles wero ail picked and tho winners sup ported by the hoavy bettors, thoy . had a bad time, without thn nnRRlhilltv rtf iwilmff a 'W.j back from the' general public by: post betting. ; One experienced motnllician expresses tho decided opinion tbat if Ned Barnard's conviction, whicli is roforrcd to elsewhere; is' upheld by tho: j Supremo. Court, ; racing will bo : a. dcad lottor in,/ ! South Australia. . .. i : At the Into S.A. J.O. meeting Mr. S. Barnard, the .secretary of the clnb, mado a bet in tho inner ;rlng',( betting being prohibited by law In 'South 'Austraiia) with tho object of testing tbo /question wbclbo'r tho ring was within the mean ing of tho act a public place. Ho was summoned !by tho ' polico, who woro watching tho proceed, lings' -with a view to preventing botting, land, tbo - .caso came on at tho Adelaide polico court on Monday last, Mr. Boddomo, tho poiico magis trate, presiding. Tho defendant admitted mak- jing the bet, and Mi-. Mann, Q.O., who appeared to prosecuto, signed that patting a small low; picket fence round a small plot of ground in an admittedly public place did not mako tho on- iclosuro privato, and that, therefore, tho bet (ifiado was in distinct contravention of section 2 of ithb l'otoli -ator Repeal Act, No. 282, 1883. Evi- ;dcnco was adduccdto show that only specially privileged persona wero admitted to tho en-'; closure, bnt tho presiding mogistrato stated that tho botich considered tho offonco proved, and a fino of £2, withco3ts, would bo inflicted. He! .'agreed, however, to atato a qoao for tho Supremo Court. If this conviction is uphold; "as - it in. 'probablo it wilt bo, tho sportsmon who attend/ South Australian raco meetings in future will )bo ablo to do positively no betting on tho courso. Things then will bo very tamo, as it is to bo 'recollected that tho totalisator expires on tho 31st inst., so that altar that date thero would . bo no speculation at all. This is a very serious . mutter for our South Australian sporting friouds, rend iB bound to have a prejudicial cfibct on their fnturo meotinge. Owners el horsos aro notified that tho entries for all the handicaps in connoelion with tho forthcoming Winter meoting of tho Bcndigo Jockoy Club will closo at four o'clock on Wodnos- day afternoon, up to which timo nominations for tho Trot will also bo rocoived. Tho Ladies' Brscslot, given by tbo clnb for competition at tho approaching meeting, is now on viow at the jawcllory establishment of Jtcssrs, "/ouog an Co., in Collins-strcot. ' "... . Malua's wondorfal performance in tbo Adelaide Cup quito coiipsod any of bis previous efforts, and being a sound constitntioned horse, with bountiful slmpc, thero is nothing to prevent him holding his own in tho weight for ago races of tbo approaching season. Ho cornos from a family that can stay for a wook, and tho Rotor Finn blood on tho Hum's aide would seem to buys nicked with Bt, Albans, ns Staokwell, Malua's fall brother, ib a horse of -undoubted oxcellonco, Taemnn is another real good one that claims St. Albans as . a sire; and in thoso three Mr. John Field bred animals that would bo a credit to any stnd. : Malna And Tasman have each .'won ovor £4000 in stakes, and yet thoy were sold as yearlings for about 40 guineas apieco, which, though scarcely satisfactory to tho brooder, was a rare slicoof luck-to tho purchasers.- Edella, tho dam of Mhlun, is by Rotor ;Wil- kina from Resistance; ' by Bay Middleton from Diana, ty Potor Finn from Curiosity, by Buffalo from importod . Edolls, and sho has bad . a. filly by St, Albans, ono by Napoleon and another by Manuka einee '.jibs' foaling of Malua, bnt nothing has beon heard of - them, and we understand thoy. are still. in 'the possession of Mr. John Field. Tho host of tho Bacocourso Hotel, Flomington, had a slice of bad luck during tho .lato S.A.J.C. . meeting in Adelaido. A son of -Vulcan welt ' known.for his astuteness in sifting tho wheat from tho turf chaff had promised to wire him if ho know anything good on tho convincing ground, and accordingly on tho Thursday before tbo Goodwood .Handicap a telegram was des patched from Adolaido as follows " Goodwood — Royal Irishman, Ironmaster ; Cup— Malua." Instead of being forwarded on tho Thurs day, tho telegram was sent at half past nino a.m. on Friday, and was delivered at tho Racccourso Hotel at three o'clock in tho afternoon of Saturday ! — too lato to bo of any uso. Strango to relate, tbo.namoofClaptrap was added to that of Malua in tho second tip, and oxeopt for a stamp "delayed iu transmission" no further light was thrown on tho matter. Fanny things have boforo thiBhapponed with sporting telegrams, and it is high timo that a searching investigation was held into tho inoxpiicablo mystory of thoir manipulation whilst passing through tho Electric Telegraph department. The solo of Sir Thomas Elder's stud at Adolaido on Tuesday must bo regarded as sncceesfni, and it is a matter for congratulation that all tho plums of tho pudding will hencoforth .bo located in Tasmania. Mr. M. Bryant, of tho Cairn Cnrran Stnd, was much tho largest purchaser, as ho sccnrod Guesswork, Conjecture, Royal Con sort and several ethers, the highest priced boing Guesswork, who brought 1100 guineas, Conjee, turo going at jnst 100 less. Mr. J. O. Inglis ' purchnsed King of tho Gipsies, who won tho Nursery Stakes at tho lato 9. A.J.C. meeting, for 825 guineas, and tho samo gentleman also se cured Achilles for 260. Other Victorian buyers wero Messrs. Leek, Jacobs, Weeks, Martin, B. G. Cook and W. Branch, and of tho lots sold 24 ont of 39 will come to Victoria. It is only reoently that Mr, A. Smith, of Lin- denow, had the bad luck to loso Don Giovanni, the horso being carried off by inflammation, and tho other day a farther accident befell the Gipps land stud master, ns Silence, while at oxorcise, broke hi9 near fore leg just below tho knee. The horse was got home aftcr'somo difficulty, and tho limb was set, hut it is donbtful whether he can bo saved. Silenco is an exceedingly well breij horse, ' being by Fireworks ont of Fonella, and has got- somo good animals since ho has been ret the stud. '. ' ' . .; By tho mail steamer Parramatta, which left on Tuesday, tho raoohoraos Falkirk and Timhertop' were passengers. They were, purchased in Mel-;' bourne by Mr. James WaUonoii' behalf of an' Indian maharajoh, and will probably.. pay their, way in India, Falkirk especially bciftga fast horse- ovor five or six furlongs. ' ,' . Malua, the Adelaide Ctip winner, Fryingpah,'; Iron Hand, C'ap trap, Ironmaster,. Euchre and Ringwood returned to Mo' bourne by tbo\Victorian, which steamer a- rived on Tlmr«lay morning; . The. steamer had a beauti folly smooth passage round.; and tbe horses were landed without a scratch. A' numhorof sporting men camebytbosarae boat, 'and a very /general impression exists that Conjocturo must have won tho Cap had she booh' ridden by! a'n artiat. The.stablo hoy who had 'the mount was looking ronnd nil tho way up the straight, and let the mare's head go when ho was collared by Malua; Conjecture's trial is reported to have been a clinker, as sbo is said to have carried V s'. over her Cap weight with shoes on, best Bassauio end to end, and compassed a milo and five furlongs in 2 milt. 58 sec. Tho -want of confidoncO felt by the Malua party, as tho betting proved, was dno to tho fact that Claptrap beat him f ur and square in a trial thoy had togother with the weights up. This is another instanco of tbe unreliability of trials, and it also shows that however brilliant Claptrap may be in private, ho is not to bo doponded on when tho colors aro up, while Malua is a lazy horse on tho training ground. It iB roport-d that Tho Hook, who was bought by Mr. T. CUirnsido at n rocont salo of Mr. P. B. Coglin'B for 820 guinoas, Irs again changed hands, Mr. A. Fiulay being the purchaser. Mr. W. E. Dakin'a King of tho Ring colt, wbilo atoxerciso on. Friday morning, got away with his boy, whom ho dislodged., .Tho colt, after doing a gallop on his own nceount, wnis'CMlght in a yard near tho Flomington Hotel without having sustained any injury. It was coirootly statod in a contemporary last week that Dougalston had been added to tho list, Mi-. Robertson boing of opinion that his tomper would bo improved by tho operation to tho ex tent of mdnoing the son of Tho Marquis and Lady Manners Sntton to show in public soma af the form ho exhibits in privato. Tho sapient oraolo of another sporting journal, whosaw tho announcement, -but whoso knowlodgo of horso lore is yet imperfect, gravely announces this week that Dougalston goes to tho stud. Ferryman, whilo running iu tho Hay Handicap last week, broke down badly, and is not likely to see tbo post for a long time, if evor. 