Primitive Methodist Church, Bauikham Hiils. A seat and pleasant little church, for the use of the Primitive Methodist denomination, has been lately erected at Baulkbam Hills, and was opened for Divine Service on Sunday last. The formal opening, however, did not take place till Wednesday last, when the proceedings, as usual, took the form of a tea and public meeting. Tbe attendanoe of visitors and persons interested was comparatively large, and the number of those present must have readied at least two hundred. The local popalation was well represented, and in addition many 'friends came from Parramatta and other neighbouring places. • The church, which is a brick structure on stone foundation, stands in a slight depression about a short quarter of a mile from the local Public school, and occupies a piece of land 50 x 100, kindly given for the purpose by Mr. Umin. The building, which will accommodate with comfort about 120 pers<ms, has been erected by Mr. Webb, a local builder, whose contract price for Uie work (£150) is so low that it wss on Wednesday Uie theme of very general remark. There is no doubt that, on strictly buainMS principles, Mr. Webb could not bavn done Uie work for the price quoted, and, recognisingthis, the trustees of the building are not prepared to rigidly hold him to the terms of tht agreement in this reject. The roof of the chnrch is of irou," *nd the ceiling of red and white wood alternately. A small porch has beer, formed on the western end of the building. Comfortable seats have been furnished and a. suitable pulpit has been provided. The church, which was appropriately decorated in connection with the event under notice, is as yet hardy finished, and indeed the contract time for ite completion does not expire till Monday next; but it being desired to hold the opening ceremony this week, Mr. Webb placed the building at the disposal of the trustees and committee. £he tea-meeting, which waa held in the church, commenced at three o'clock and was continued till about hslf-psst four. An excellent meal was provided, and the attendance heang very satisfactory, the neti proceeds from this section of the aftmoon's proceedings will probably be about £10. At the conclusion of the tea, the interior of the church waa re- arranged, and a~puhlic meeting was held, the little church teing crowded to the dqora. The meeting having been opened with singing mid prayer, the Rev. B. Kenny said that it was the wi*h of the trustees that Mr. Tamsett should be ait^d to take the chair on that occasion, and- he (Mr. Kenny) had much pleasure in acting on behalf of the trustees in that particular. Mr. Tamsett thereupon took the chair, ud, In introducing the business of Uie evening, expressed his pleasure at being«He toattend the meeting. He had been reluctant to accept the iition of chairman, because he considered it a icate situation for a well-known resident of the district to occupy. He might mention that he could recollect when the spot at which they were then assembled was one 0/ the darkest in a dark neighbourhood; in fact, a few yards from that place, a horrible murder was committed almost in broad daylight. But the old days had gives place to others of a brighter character. They had met thai night to further the cause of Christianity, and of lfoa^^fc which was, he considered, the purest and amplest form of that religion. Methodism had for its basis the finding of fault not with othersbut with ourselves, and was built upon Uhi two great doctrines of repentance and faith. He considered, in fact, that, whan the rdigious state of tbe world at the time of Wesley and his ; coadjutors was taken Into aooount, the work of these men must he held to have brought about < a second Reformation. He thought Methodism had ever (been faithful to the principles and the character of the religion preached by Wesley. Christianity in its fulness was by it presented 1 to the'people. He trusted its influence would continue to spread.. In Uie early. days Methodism had been a term of reproach, hut it waa now found that.room existed for evtxy section of God's Chnrch, and there was no doubt that before long it would have gained a footing in every place. Rev. B.* Kenny, having referred to Uie kindness of the chairman in consenting to assist at thalmeeting,andtothatof the Rev. Mr. Clifton in co-operating at .the services on the preceding Sunday, noticed the history connected with the church just completed.. The idea ci having a Primitive Methodiit church at Baulk* ham Hills originated (be thought) with Mr. Grutcher, and it was ably supported by Mr.. Martin, who not only gave the ate, hut also assisted with money and labour on behalf of the project. The building waa now practically finished. He "had been especially pleased with the services held on the preceding Sunday. The object in view in erecting places such aa the one in. which they were was the conversion of sinners,-, the leading of man to give their hearts to Christ. He might-: say a word as to the expense connected with the erection of the church. He heard that Vhe'contract price had been set down at a very low -figue, purely out of personal regard on the part of the builder for himself (Mr. Kenny), and it was certain that Mr. Webb's work reflected all credit on that gentleman. He had done far more than WBB required by the specifications under which he worked. There was now & sum of £130 wanted as per contract, besides which extras would probably absorb £50 more. To date, £28 had been sub- - scribed towards this amount; the collections on Sunday amounted t> £5; and the tea would, probably produce £10—making in all £43. Rev. Mr. Waters, after adverting to the erection of the church for so low a sum, referred to the intolerance shown towards Methodists in the early days, and related an incident, in his own. experience, dealing with something of the kind manifested in an English village not many years ago. In the tase referred to the greatest difficulties were experienced by the Methodists before even they could obtain the material for building their church. He admonished those connected with the church at Baulkham Hills to remember that the work was God's, and to exert their utmost powers in its furtherance, remembering that the promise was that to these who assisted should be given " good measure and running over." Rev. Mr. Clifton said that as so many ministers were to address the meeting, he should not epeak at great length. He congratulated the people of Baulkham Hills'in having so nice and comfortable a church, and. certainly could not regard the amount required (£200) as large, seeing that he himself had found a sum of £7000 towards the building of a church in tbe neighbouring town. He hadgreatly enjoj ed taking part in the services held last Sunday. He enjoined than to pray for their minister and endeavour to hold up his hands. It was unfair to Ministers -to assume that they should be always ready to get up and preach at a momtnt's notice, that thei ideas should be always flowing out, and tha no opportunities for observation or study were required; and he was sure from his own experience that, if the congregation could understand what a minister often felt just before going forward to preach, they would cry to God to help him. The minister's work wasof tbe most important and difficult character. At theendof things—the great judgment—thesouls that weie saved would be all to be. Shown as the result of the erection of a church. He would, therefore, advise' all concerned in the work just' closed to labour to draw all they could to the church and thus to Christ, and in so doing they would save others and bless themselves. The Rev. Mr. Penman also referred to the veiy low price of the contract for the church in which they were gathered. The building was an excellent one for its purpose, but he would remind them that its erection was but the means - towards an end. Mistakes were often made in this respect. An attractive and comfortable church was built, an e&cient; choir waa formed, and an able minister WEE obtained, and the great essential—the presence of the Holy Ghost—wasnever thought of. Yet, this last was the indispensable condition for the achieving of true success; in its absence the labours of minister, choir, and people were but as " sounding brass and tinkling cymbals." This requisite was far more needed than heaps of silver and gold. Then the church wanted a spirit of cnanimity and harmony among its members. There was, he believed, hardly a church where the labours of its members were not interfered with by a spirit, the opposite of that described, tie heard of a case jo which a member of a church, on being asked whether, any additional members had recently been admitted, replied in Uie. negative, adding more were not wantedj as there was enough trouble with those already in the churchTn question. He (Mr. Penman) would adviseliis Baulkham Hills friends to kaep the spirit of dissension far from them. He had lately had occasion to remark to his own chnrch memhfTs that in many lespects the A. B. C. of Christianity had yet to be learnt. He thought persons should not accept office in the church unless they were prepared to give themselves for the people in a long series of self-sacrificing acts. He deprecated tbe idea of " on one's dignity " in matters where religion war directly concerned. He then referred at acne length to the subject of prayer, advising that the requests of Christians should be lass general and should become to a greater extent personal matttrs, and mentioning cases of recent occurr- ' enoein which prayer of such a character had been most wonderfully and signally "answered.. Rev. Mr. Sparling addressed those present on tbe contradiction offered by the erecticn of additional churches to the allegation that Christianity was decaying. He believed that a. change was indeed passing over the Christian church, but that it. . was. one which would have for its result file closer union of the several denominations, not the reducing of all to or some belief of that kind. Each n^iw^^ church testifiedthat the old Gospel waa still found to be the power of God unto salvation. All the churches had the one end in-view. It was to spread the knowledge of Uod that churches of all kinds weie erected. Those before him were engaged, in a grand mission. £He trusted that God would, give the church a better and more' successful record than had yet been allotted to 11 He -concluded by likening the chiuch to a human organism, which in a healthy and atmnd state can of itself throw off all aiiments, but which, if weakened and debilitated, falls ail eaiy prey to the maladies which attack it; and by iioping that success would , attend the Methodig^Tof • Baulkham Hills in the work of bringing bouIb- Christ. A collection was then taken ufc and the sum. of £t 7s Id wss obtained; in addition to Which several persons in the audience promised special donations towards; the church fimdsj About. £20, in all, was given at this stage of the pro-' Ceedings. ' The customary votes of thanks having bean. psssed, the meeting was closed with the benediction. Daring the evening several hymns were very efficiently rendered by members of Uie Parramatta choir—Miss Kenny presiding at tbe harmonium, kindly lent for the occasion bv Mr BeDstt. 