LOCAL AND GENERAL NEWS. * Mails for Europe, per thie R.M.S. Daces, via Torrcs Straits, close at the Ipswich l'ost-Office early thic afternoon, at hours as advertised. As our readers are problably aware, thie Granl Council of the Protestant Alliance Friendly Society have been holding asession iin this town. In hononr of the occasion a banquet will be held in the School of Arts this evening at 8 o'clock, under the aurpices of the True Blue Lodge; and the presence of a lnumber of delegates to the Council will undoubtedly impart an additional interest to the gathering. We hlave been given to understand that thle lBris hanee Valley Branch Railway will be open for tralfic some time sdring next month, and an effort is now heing made to organise a celebration of that evncut in the shape of a race-meeting. \With the object of gainiug some informnation as to the chanices of success in this direction, a meeting is called for Monday niext, at Mr. J. Henderson's hotel, Fernvale. We might add that there are several sporting men in the district who are of opinion that there will be lno difficulty in getting up the proposed races. A~t the Gatton Police Court, yesterday, Ibefore Mr. W. Yaldwyn, Police Magistrate, William Mahaffey applied to have Alexander Dunean hound over to keep the peace. The defendant pleaded "Cause to show," but the Bench, nevertheless, iound him over to keep the peace for six months--himself in £10 and two sureties of £5 each. Slaughtering licenses were granted to Aaron Tuckett, of Gatton : Joseph Steffens, Hatton Vale; anid Richard KIing, TenthilL At the Petty Debts Court, on the sasme date, J. Connelly sued J. Dineeu for 4s.. the value of a goat detained. The defendant paid the amount claimed, with costs, into Court. O. Caffrey sued J. Taylor for 17s. 8d., for goods sold and rations sup plied. A verdict was given for the defendant, with 17n. onsts. On Wednesday evening last, the employees of MIessra. Cribb and Foote met in the new store, in ]frisbane-street, for the purpose of making a presen tation to Mlr. JamesC. Cribb, in honour of his recent marriage. The gift consisted of six volumes of the Globe Encyclopmdia and a handsome ansd costly electro- platedl inkstand suitablly engravel, towards the purchalse of which, we uudcrstlmd, all the em-s ployees engaged at the London Stores contributed. Mr. Joseph Ivett. on their Ibehalf, imade the presen tation, accomspanying it with a few appropriate re marks, to whIich the recipient suitably replied. An advertisement appears in another column. notifying to volunteers that they will be requiredl to attend the usual Easter encamspment this year. This will extends froms the 9th to the 14th of April, lut the authorities do not seem to have decided whether the nmembers of our local corps shall camsp at Lytton or on the Downs. A subscriber residing ou the Reserve suggests that it would be miuch more convenient for thle bulk of those travelling bIy the Harrisville Railway if the train which nlow leaves Harrisville at 3'20 p.m. were to leave at half-past 2, departing from Ipswich at about half-past 5 instead of at ten minutes past 6. With reference to the latter auggestion, lie points out that a great number of thie inhalitants on thle Reserve hlave many miles to go, after arriving at Harrisville, before reaching their homes, and tihe extra forty minutes of daylight in such cases woull be of considerable advantage to thelm and would not entail inconvemience to anyone. We comumend our friend's suggestion to thle notice of the authorities. The Rosewood sporting mien are again to thle fore and announce a gathering for Easter Monday. The progranmme which anay ie sees in this morning's issue, contains twelve events, and the prizes range from £4 4s. downwards. A ball is also to be held in thle evening. A Crown Lands sale will take place at the Ipswich Land Office on the 22nd of April next. Among thle lots to ie submitted are severaliu Ipswich, Laidley, Grandchester, Esk, Brasesall, and Goodna. The majority of the lodge representatives at the Grand Council of the P.A.F.S.O.A., or those of them who are non-residents of this town, having expressed a desire to inspect thle Woollen Factory at North Ipswich, Mr. C. F. Clhubb, one of the directors, very kndlly nmet them yesterday morn ing, and, with Mr. Jessop, the manager, condnuted them over the premsises. The visitors were thus afforded an opportunity of seeing alhnost every detail in connection with thle mauufacture of Ipswich tweed. Needless to say. all were well pleased with what tiley saw; but they were perhaps scarcely prepared -to find that operations were condlucted on so large a scale. It might be well if Mr. Chubh's examsple were followed lwhen simnilar opportunities occur in the future, for it is judicious to bring before the notice of thle public the excellent character of the goods smanufaceured. Since last report of the W?oognaroo Asylum one male and one female have been admnitted, two males ihare been dischlerged, anid one male ihas died, lear ing 335 male andl 271 femanles patient in the iiniti tution. The mao who died was named Michael O'Connor, late of Toowoomba, aged forty-one years, the cause of death having been inflammation of tthe lungs. The Antlralian Craplek for Mnarch hlas just reaclhed us. It contaiens a numbner of intereting illustrations and a quantity of very rneadable matter; its low: price, too, is another thling in its favour. We wish' the enterprising proprietors every sunncs. The Police Magistrate at Tambo (ays thie Courier) reported to the Under-Colonial Secreotary tlhant on' Saturday last, about 9 30 a.m., a young girl, named Elizabeth Hlahl, shot her sister Jane dead. A somewhat amusing incident occurred in the city early on Sunday morning last(saystllen A. lermhl/). A Ilock of sheepo were lbeing driven through the city and hIal arrived at the corner of George au, llathb an Strects lwhen a crac. apparently the largest ii tihe flock, lhad his attention arrested by a reflection of himself in one of Mhlesnrs. I. and A. Kurts's large plnto-glass mirlrors fixed upon thie noutside of the shop. Thie animal drew back seerral pnccs, andl, with a tremendois blneud, went full Ibutt ilito the glass, ohivering it in its flames. GIIOSTS -An atteimpt is beingl made in the old country to revive thie Ibelief in visinlnts froem another world, and many are thle wonderlful stories tlat fill some of tile journtls. The sceptical. ,minl is, how. evre, inclined to adlopt Scrooge's remark to Marley's ghost: "How do 1 knoot that you are not a bit of unidigested Itend ?" for, of all the ghosut-prodocere, a bit of "' heavy" bread is thie msot potenIt. It is a wonder, thlerefore, that people d' o not aelopt the serest spell agintet giosts by using Iorwielk's (tld Medal lBaking-l'owdcr i takinsig bread ; for, al though it won't " raise ghosts," it ,'ill raise blread in thie imost admtirable fohtiou. Every wise store keeper hlas it bIy hims, and every good hItonsewife Iys it. 2 llollowar!l's Oinltmret anE Pilo.-This Ointmctet alftrls the shortest, safest, culd easiect path to soondness in all kindsl of skin di'seas:s, scrofulous nlrctions, scorbutic maladies, ulcerations. eruptions, and iullamineo tios. There is nothing deleterlious in the compotition of lolloway's Ointltent, tut, on the contrary, its ingredients lpossess thre most aothing," purifyings and strengtlhening quoalities, so that it ca-n Ite tsed withi perfect s'dety by persons of all ages. The delicat, skin of inlfants is not irrit-tced Iy its application, and it is equallr y daptold fot shduing the tedious ulccratiot attacking thte aged. It all constitutional, chronic, andt complex afl nlctions Iiolloway's Pills should Ie tIaken wlilst hIis Ointmenttt is being usedi, in order that all htonefl mattetr oeay Ieexpelled front thie systemt -[Atvr.] TitnoAT A srecrtots AnSi) Honr.stENssoo.-AIl sff fering from irritation of the thront and hoarseuess will be agreeably surprised at thie alnost intutediate relief afforded Iy the use of " Brown's Bronchial Torches." These famouis " lozenges" are now sold by most respectable chemliste in this coosuntry at Is. I d. per box. 'People troubled rwith a l" hackiig coegh," a "slight cold," or bronlchial affectlions canrot try them too soon. as oimihar tronbled, if allowred to pie gress, result in serious l'oltmonary and Astihmatic Atlictions. See that thie words " Blrown's Brourchial Torcies" are on thie Govrrnlellrtt salklp :trosu:ll :t'l-n box.--l'rcpared by ,,n.tx I. Blrt-re anod Soes. I]ts ton, United States.European depit removed to 3:i, eanitnVdon- road. Idndtn.--fAtev.1 82 ABDvcE TO ŽfOTIIEItS! -Are you brokeln in your rest hy a sicb child sul!ering w-ith tiheptitn of eittiny teeth (. ? o at ce ttto :a c:lhtei.t :iln get a btthle of lttus. WttI:ers. 'SttV o tte," I t. I 15 il rut-ire' thei poor stfcrr inltllelliatly. It ie mIerfe:t::l t harm leoss nd lh?-t.tnt to tate, it prod:uces ntnttal, quirt alecp, Iy relieving the ehilhl from i pint, and tel little chlet-nl asar;ee' "ain Iight no a ,button." I sootthes the child, it softets the g'ttti, all:ys all Isaio, reliovee wind, regulate the LbocL, and is thie obest lt.nown rotetdy for dyseutery and diarrhea, whethlcerarisint from teething or other cotes. Mrs. \Winslow's Seoth g Syrup isold by Mtelieiue-dealers everywhere at d. 4Sd. per bottle.- -lo.Aie. 82 