VANE TRESHAM. A STORY OF METMEPSYCHOSIS. Br Heron Shaw. CHAPTER I. I do not for a moment expeot that any one will believe this story; the Anglo- Saxon race is credulous to a degree, and probably second only to the Germanic and the Celtic in its love of the weird and mysterious, but the credulity of your average Englishman is more particularly of that character which believes implicitly in the wild and improbable in travel, and smiles dubiously at the narration of experiences which pass beyond mortal ken and are unexplainable by any known law of nature. Set him down to a good dish of " moving accidents by flood and field, of hair breadth 'scapes, and travellers' histories (wherein of antrcs vast and deserts idle, rough quarries, rocks, and hills, whose heads touch Heaven it is their hint to speak)bid him to a substantial repast of impossible ad ventures in impossible lands, and flavour it all with a dosing of downright barefaced " MunchauBenismB" and see how greedily he will devour the spicy concoction. So with his leaning to a love of the weird and mys terious : Tell him a good old- fashioned ghost story, a plain, unvarnished tale of sheeted spectre appearingby your bedside at midnight, and warning you of some dimly foreshadowed danger—this, though strange, he will admit is possibly true. He will respect your family ghost, and probably think more of you after wards for being thus honoured in the posses sion of such on eminently aristocratic heir loom ; and even if he do not openly ac knowledge that such things can be, he will at any rate go so far as to say that there may be "something in it," and, vaguely quoting Hamlet's speech to Horatio, will go muBingon his way.- But lead him out of the beaten track, .bewilder him with a glimpse as through a glass darkly into that as yet un known region which lies outside the material world of work and the wondrous realm of science, and you annoy him, and not unlikely end by drawing down upon your innocent head the vials of his righteous wrath and nineteenth century scorn that you should attempt to take in him—him !—with snch a glaring lie. He will curtly tell you with the splendid, outspoken frankness of a true-born Englishman that he doesn't believe a word ycu have uttered, and will brand you hence forth and for ever as a most audacious— perverter of the truth. Hence, knowing that the circumstances which I am about to relate contain so much that is utterly unexplainable, I start by repeating that I do not expect any one to believe tnem. I give no cause for outbursts of contemptuous scorn, or ebullitions of in dignant anger, seeing that I neither ask nor look for any credence in this actual history. 1 tell the tale as it was told to me by one whose character for veracitv is unques tionable, and who possesses not the faintest spark of imagination: who, too, was per sonally acquainted with the principal actors in the scenes. It is sufficient for me that |I myself believe, while confessing my inability to account for the extraordinary narrative. The reader must judge for himself, and draw his conclusions accordingly. The opening scene of this strange eventful history is a small village in the midland counties lyiDgupon the outskirts of the Earl of B s beautiful park, and nestling beneath the shadow of mighty elms and oaks and beeches. The bulk of the dwellings were whitewashed, thatch-roofed cottages of the ordinary agricultural type (for the fad of beautifying his estate by tne erection of rows of Gothic red-and-black brick labourer's homes had not as yet seized upon the noble Earl), and the only two bouses of any preten sions in the place were the Bectory and a rambling antiquated- looking abode called Barn Abbey. Of course there were plenty of good comfortable homesteads and granges on the surrounding farms, but this story has only to do with the village—Barton by name. At the Rectory, a square two-storied, dark-redbrick house, situated in tastefully laid out grounds, separated from the church yard by a noble avenue of hone chestnuts, lived the Rev. Gwynneth Harcourt, Rector of St. Swithiu's, a tall, well-built man of some sixty years. His still upright figure, graceful carriage, silvery white hair, ruddy smiling face, and kindly blue eyes were known and beloved by all his parishioners, whether peer or peasant, and there was no warmer heart, no more charit able hand, no gentler spirit than hie in all the length and breadth of toiling England. The Rev, Gwynneth was a widower with two children. A son, Cuthbert, about 21, who, having taken honours at Cambridge and sub sequently Holy Orders, had for a brief period acted as hib father's curate, and, the noped-for living being apparently as far off at the end of two years as when he left college, had, somewhat to the good old gentleman's regret, discarded the pulpit for the plough; and invested the small fortune which came to him from his mother in the purchase of a snug little neighbouring farm of some 250 acres. Here he now lived, and devoted all his days to the science of the rotation of crops, experimenting with artificial manures, ana the study of husbandry in general. As stalwart, manly, good • looking, and joyous a young yeoman farmer as all the country-side could show, and where will you , see a finer lot of young fellows, a more splendid race of young Englishmen, than among the gentleman farmers of Midland shire, Cuthbcrt Harcourt bad a sister: the delight of her father's eyes, the almoner of his charity, and the gracious chatelaine of the Rectory. About 19; graceful as Diana: with her father's wondrous blue eyeB, and ber dead mother's wealth of brown gold flecked hair; skin as satiny and complexion as delicate as the pale pink petals of a maiden blush rose; a perfect, oval face, with a broad low brow like Juno's ; a patrician little Grecian nose, and a mouth whose every smile was full of love and tenderness— A daughter of the Gods, Divinely tall and most divinely fair. Her name was Marjory, but her father and brother, and all who intimately knew her, called her Madge, and many | a young farmer's worshipping eyes were turned to ber sweet, pure face ) in Church on sonny Sunday mornings, as she sat saint-like beneath the great north window with her little village choir. In the cottages of the poor labourers, by the bedside of many a rheumatic, life-weary old dame, amongst the village children at Sunday- 1 school, in the quiet rectory garden with the rastic beauties who came to her with all their love troubles, " Miss Marjory" was regarded as nothing more nor less than an angel sent from heaven to cheer and render happier the whole human race. So also amongst ber father's friends and up at the Earl's big house "Madge Harcourt" was equally a synonym for everything that is bright and beautiful aud good. Chief among these friends of her father was Vane Trcsham, who lived at Barn Abbey. The simple souls at Barton could not under stand '* Mad Tresham," as they usually I called him amongst themselves over their pewter pots and pipes at the " Barlejr Mow." ' Because he was seldom seen inside the Church, excepting at long Intervals and special occasions, such as Christmas Day— and then tbey said he only went to hear the anthem and see the holly and evergreens— from which you will judge correctly that they were proud of their singing and decorative taste at Barton; because he lived all by himself in the many roomed, rambling, tra ditionally haunted Barn Abbey, having only a toothless old village crone, reputed to be a witch, to make his bed—all his cooking he did himself—because he was independent in his mode of life, careless of the opinion of the little world of Barton; known to sit np until all hours in the morning, as could be seen from the light so often burning in his unshuttered study in the early dawn as the sleep-rested ploughman plodded past to his daily toil; for these and other occult reasons the agricul tural population to a man, woman, and child confidently (though confidentially, for these things must not be puf> lished on the housetop), affirmed that " Mad Tresham" was a wizard of the deepest possible dye and a secret practiser of the black art; and as he always took up his hat and walked out of Church if he hap pened to be there when the Athauasian Creed was repeated, why, said these wiseacres, >ld nis soul to Beelzebub. no doubt he has sold _ They would have said Mephistopheles had ! they ever heard of PauBt, for your chaw bacon is fond of a good mouthful of a word when he is upon the subject of religion. Harbouring these convictions, they natu rally felt Borne difficulty in reconciling this theory with their Hector's close friendship with "Macl Tresham." This certainly puzzled them, and could only be accounted for upon the assumption that the parson was engaged in the good and holy work of fighting against the Prince of the Powers of the Air on be half of his soul-wrecked neighbour. Faint rumours of the belief as to his dealings with the Devil occasionally reached Vane Tresham, and many a hearty laugh had he and the Rector over the superstitious scandal in the quiet seclusion of the Abbey study. Of all men in creation surely Vane Tresham looked the least likely to enter into any such diabolical compact as that of which he was suspected. Considerably over six feet in height, with magnificent square shoulders, of a dignified, in fact, majestic presence, and possessed of a most gracious mien, none who met thiB much maligned gentleman and student could fail to be impressed with his appearance, and captivated with the charm of his manner and conversation? As for his real age, that it seemed im possible to correctly guess; his buoyancy of I spirits, full deep voice, and fresh wind-blown 1 and sunburnt face gave him more the ap pearance of a comparatively young man, or one at any rate not yet out of "the fifties. On the other hand, his personal reminiscences of events which occurred early in the century, his intimacy as shown by many little old-time anecdotes, with statesmen, philosophers, and actors who had nearly all joined the great majority before the fathers of the rising generation were breeched, '• and whose names are now for ever | blazoned on the scroll of fame; his- snow white hair, hanging in silky, Bilvery curls upon the collar of his old violet velvet jacket ; a certain indefinable, old-world,stately grace handed down from the far-off days of "the first gentleman in Europe," these combined to show that Vane Tresham must indeed be well past the Psalmist's "three score and ten."* After his splendid physique, this snow white hair and bright healthy complexion I were the two things which first attracted the notice of strangers; but let them once be brought into contact with him face to face, and everything qlse of a marked or striking character in his appearance was forgotten, completely eclipsed, iu his marvellous eyes, of unusual size, in colour clear steel-grey, with big purple-black pupils, fringed with | beautifully long upward sweeping dark lashes (with not a white hair amongst them), and overhang by thick, bushy, jet black brows. When he spoke these extra ordinary eyes literally entranced the listener; there was something about them—not exactly upcanny, since they did not inspire those upon whom their gaze was directed with dread—bat, what for a want of a better word, most people called unnatural. The figure and face belonged clearly enough to the prosaic nineteenth century, and the eyes to who knows when ? They seemed to be piercing through the mists of untold ages, and looking with sad pity, sorrowful yearning, or lightning flashes of indignant scorn upon these degenerate modern times. They were not the eyes of a mesmerist, although their influence was closely allied to the mesmeric in its nature; they were not the eyes of a Basilisk or serpent Bince they rather attracted and held spellbound by their rare beauty and mysterious depths than charmed snake-like by a pitiless relentless glare lit, as' it were, by a spark from the unquenchable fires of helL It is difficult to describe such eyes since few if any have ever seen their like upon earth. Fortune Spindle, the consequential dapper little Church Clerk, who was more than sus pected by the rector of secretly _ writing poetry, used to say he always fancied they were like the eyes of Lazarus after he had been raised from the dead, 'if you see what I mean.' He shouldn't like to say what thoBe eyes had looked upon—'if you saw what lie meant.' 