IRoveUst. PAN LYONS' DOOM. By .WAIF WANDER. 7 CHAPTER I. RESIGNATION. 'And this is the place?' the tall, refined . looking young man asked, as he seated him self on a stone upon the hill-side and sur veyed the country at his feet.- ' This is Marranga you have talked to me so much about, Tady?' ''Tis, misther Leonard; we aro in it at last, praises be. There farenint you is big . Mount Roban,- with the little townBhip lying at the pit of it, juBt the same as it was twelve 'veara a on. Anri nnw InnV holrtw vnn right ; do you see the low house wid the trees a'most a-top of it, and Boban Creek oreeping along by it like a thread of silver in the grass ? Well, that's St. Herrick's place.' 'Ah, I see it, Tady; and your golden olaim, where did it lie?' ' Where it lies yet, please God. Do you see the big 'dead tree sticking white like a . skeleton, out of' the slope behind the house ? The claims were not twenty yards from that.' ' ' 'Well, now Tady, just tell me the story of the St. Herrick's on the spot while I smoke a pipe. It has always seemed to mo a very nnreal story; perhaps I may feel more like ; orediting it if I hear it here on the spot from which I can see the scene itself.' ' You wor ever an' always a hard nut, misther Leonard, and wouldn't believe the priest himself if he wint against you; but hete you are now, afther travellin' thousands av miles to make a liar of me an' you can't doit.'* ' Leonard Prosser laughed pleasantly as he manipulated his tobacco, and looked slyly at the comioal figure seated near him on the grass. ' I don't know so muoh about that, Tady. What witnesses have you at Marranga ?' 'I was just wonderin',' Tady returned, thoughtfully. ' If he's here yet, there's a gentleman lives in one of them white houses beyant the bridge that can tell you the story as well as I can, an' bedad, he may tell it, for I won't never again. I'm tired of being mis believed and misdoubted.' 'If I thought you were in earnest, I'd go straight back to Corbally again,' the young man replied, laughingly, as he put a match to his pipe and began to smoke eDjoyably, ' but I know that you oannot wish for a greater proof of my confidence in you than that I should have followed you half round the world to see Marranga arid the lost olaim.' ' That's true, sur, but all the eame I'd like Mr. Pollard to tell you abont it, if he's to the fore, but twelve years is a long time.'.,' ?' Who was Mr. Pollard ?' ?' He was a magistrate, an' a great friend infirmly of Colonel St. Herrick's. But here, I'll nay no more till we go down to the town ship. See, there's the coaoh just turnin' round the Gap road- - she'll get in an hour be fore us.' The young gentleman did not reply. He — was thoughtfully scanning the landscape be neath and around him with the doubly in y tense enjoyment of a lover of nature debarred from a view of her charms for the many i weeks occupied by a long sea voyage, and ? thinking not a 'little about the events con s nected with tha'St. Herrioks, of whom he had so often heard from hia humble friend, v, -ThadeuB Connor. As they are seated there] ? silently, let me describe the two dissimilar ? v. beinga who play no uneventful part in this -story. . ? Leonard Prosser wsb twenty-three, and a .... picture of handsome and musoular health. In Jiis bronzed face, every feature indicated ? an intelligent and loveable nature, his dark hazel eyes especially halving the clear, frank , i . expression of a thoughtful yet frank and fearless nature. He was attired in service able, well-cut tweed, and had a soft brown , felt hat on his short brown ourls.' Thadeus Connor was thirty-five, if a day, ' . and was about aB ordinary a specimen of humanity as you could imagine. He was short of stature, thin-limbed and big-jointed. ..?His arms were too long for the size of his Utile form, and his eyes,' set deep in their sockets under pent-houses of red .hair were flery and small like a ferrets. His round . shoulders and odd figure were exaggerated by a tightly. fitting coat and trousers of a bright: blue, decorated amply with brass buttons, and ft brilliantpeacock's feather was stuok in the front of his stiff, low-crowned black hat. A yery glittering Albert denoted the presence of a watch in his pooket, and a great gold . ring adorned one of his stumpy little fingers. The expression of every line of his form and ? v every twinkle of his little eyes, was of cunning ' and. self-conceit, but those who knew the little Irishman well could have told how true and faithful was the' heart few gave him credit for possessing. There's a path close tons on the right; I wonder where it goes to?' said Leonard, breaking the silence at last. . , ' The place where the Colonel was buried was up there on the side of the hill,' replied the Irishman, as he turned his face over his shoulder to scan the traok alluded to ; ' but r by the piper that played before Moses, wherever it i goes to there's an angel comin' ? down it?' , ... , ' ?As was only natural, young Prosser turned also to see what had drawn the exclamation . from his humble friend, and ho too saw coming along the green fair hillside, p fornr that might at least have been one in a dream of Peaven so sweet and unearthly it was in the ? - '. :?' . ; # : '? '. ? ? ' ?; ' 'r. V fairest loveliness. It was a young girl ol eleven or twelve years, followed by a coal blaok Newfoundland dog. So strange alto gether was the appearance of this child that Leonard Prosser hesitated ere he deoided she was truly an inhabitant of this lower world. About eleven years old, as I have said, the girl was Bmall for her age, and by far too delicately slender. She was attired in a pale blue dress, over whioh fell down to her very waiBt a cloud of the most lovely fair hair that ever grew on a ohild's head. It was not golden fair, but of that far rarer hue that re sembles the side of a young fawn with the gloss of satin on every hair. The pale faco, overshadowed by the drooping brim of a broad Tuscan hat, was so delicately outlined in every feature that no waxen one was ever more perfectly modelled, nor yet' had a brighter rose on its oheeks, and in every line of the face and form there was expressed a calmness and peace that was surely not of. this world. As tin! K-rl nearod the men she looked at them steadily, and without a trace of fear in the soft blue eyes over whioh the fair lashes fell like a veil ; bur, the ureal dog moved steadily to her side and examined the friends cautiously as she pained before them and spoke. ' You are strangers 1 ' she asked gently. ;? Yes, quite strangers, '.' Leonard replied, with a smile that nt once assured the child she was addressing one who was to be trusted. ' We .have only oome to Marranga within ?the hour ; and you ? ' ? 'II oh I. am no stranger. I was born at Marranga.' There was a pause, in whioh Tady's small eyes seemed to settle themselves on the child's face with a great wonder in them. ' Are you the gentleman who has taken St. Herrick's ? ' she asked hesitatingly, as she gazed at Leonard, while she held more closely to her breast a cluster of golden.blossoms she was carrying. ? - ' I think not'; we have as yet made no arrangements for residing at Marranga.' ' I beg your piardon,' the child said gently ; ?' St. Herrick's was mama's home once, and we heard some gentleman had rented it. I did so hope it would be some one nice.' The last sentence was repeated thought fully, aB her eyes wandered down to the low house among the trees that Tady had pointed out as St. Herrick'e. ' Stay Miss,' the Irishman said eagerly, 'as the girl was turning to go on her way. 'Are you a St. Herrick ? ' ' Yes, I am Resignation St. Herrick — the, late Colonel St. Herrick was my father.' ' I thought so,' Tady oried, ' you have the poor Colonel's eyes as like as two peas.' ' Mama says so ; did yon know him ? , did you kntfw my dear father ? ' and the rosy flush spread from the soft oheeks- all over the fair face. 'Yes, Miss, I knew him well. I was here at Marranga I suppose bBfore you were born.' ' Yea, it muBt have been. Papa was dead before I was born, that is the reason mama oalled me Resignation. ? Did you love my papa? ' ' Everyone respeoted and liked him 1' Tady said quickly. ' No, not everyone ; there was a bad man — you forget — the man who killed him.' ' Yes, the curse o' God on him, I forgot Dan Lyons I ' Tady cried angrily. 'Hush, do not speak .wrong words. God knows best himself. May I Bhake hands with you beoause you know my dead papa ? ' ' God bless the ohild I ' the honeBt Irish man said, as he olasped the little slender hand that was tendered him. ' You will shake hands with me, too, aa a new friend ? My name is Leonard Prosser,' the young gentleman said, putting out hiB hand also, ' and will you introduce' me to your dog? Dogs and I are alwayB great friends.' 'My dog is called Guardian, sir, for he takes oare of me, and is a very faithful dog. Are you going to stay here sir? ' ' Yes, dear, we think of remaining for some time near Marranga.' 'I am glad, I shall see you again. Good bye now ' and the child made a grave bow to Leonard and Tady, and then glided down the path toward St. Herriok's. 'Isn't that quare now?' the Irishman asked as they stood and watched the light form passing through the underwood that skirted the eminence on whioh they bad been seated, ' that we should meet Colonel Her riok's daughter the very first on landing in the place ? ' 'It is a- strange coincidence, truly. This child was not born then, when you left Mar ranga, Tady?' 'No, but one was expected if the mother lived. God help her, it whs a hard trial Bho had to bear. What do .vou say to getting down to the township nOw, Mr. Leonard? The coaoh is nearly in, and we'd better be seein' afther our thrapa.' CHAPTER II. ' THE DESKBTED CLAIMS. A few hours later found Leonard Prosser and his companion, the little Irishman, seated in Mr. Pollard's office at Marranga, and Tady jubilant over the faot of that gentleman being atill a residant of that neighborhood. He had introduced: hia young- master,' and given the J.P. a aketoh of his doings during his absence from Australia, and how he was greedily inquiring aa to the events of the last twelve years in quiet Marranga. ' And so you tell me that a piok has never been struak in them claims since, Mr. Pol lard?' ' Not since our poor friend's exhumation, Tady. None of thp olaims had paidwell, you know, and they were abandoned after that awful murder. .Even you went, Tady.' ' I wint, yes,' the Irishman said aggress ively ' but 'twasn't on account of the bad prospect, for we had the best in No. 2, but on account of the place gettin' a bad name — you know that yourself, sir.' 'Yes, a story of the claim being haunted got abroad, and every shaft $as deserted ; but as I said before, there, was not muoh tempta tion—no lead was ever found.' ' I don't know that,' obstinately asserted Tady, I had a fool of a mate, or I believe we were on the right traok. An' thin' I got the master's letter callin' me homo to look afther Mr. Leqnard here.' ' He means my father,' explained the, young gentleman. 'You must know that Tady and I are foster brothers, and hisj^fint outto the diggings was an csoapade.of.whicif his friends did not approve.' 'Well, I'm baok again in spite otfVm,' said Tadyj and now, Mr. Pollard, telfMr. Leonard the story — no one knows it better nor your self.' 'It was'a sad'story,'Lthe pleasant-looking, middle-aged gentleman went on, as he pushed the wine toward his new friend, young Leonard ; ' and a groat shook to me personally was the death of my friend,' Colonel St. Herrick.- .It is. about fifteen years ago now, I think, since he first settled here with a wife, as beautiful as an angel, and a son who died shortly after their arrival at Mar ranga. . / ' The colonel had some independent means, and built' the house known yet as St. Her rick's on the ground he purohase^; but when, some years: after, the gold fever^ found its way to Marranga, he was one of/tho first who sunk a shaft and found,' a^edOBsidored, suf ficient indications of the 'pim{piis metal to induce further efforts. 'For some time, howeye'r;;hi ?'?could not pneoeedjin inducing anyone' to:joinhim, the few I residents being occupied in farming, or busi ness of one kind or other, and the place hav ing not yet beaome known sufficiently to en courage regular diggers. At last, however, tho Colonel came to me one day in great spirits with the news that he had employed a man who had accidentally called in travelling toward the Murray. ' It was some timo, however, before St. Herrick told me that he had been previously and unfavorably acquainted with Dan Lyons, and when the facts came out and were made publio there were many who wondered that my friend would have ventured on suoh a step as permitting the man to work as his partner, aa well as,:become an inmate of his homo. The facts appeared to be that in Ireland, through the evidence of St. Hqrrick, Dan Lyons had been sentenced to ten years penal servitude for shooting with intent at a land bailiff, whom he was obnoxious to, and tbat the evidence was never forgiven, the murder of poor St. Herriok was a proof.' ' It was Dan Lyons, then, who committed the foul dead ? ' Leonard questioned. ' Undoubtedly, though the wretoh has es caped and baffled justice. It was Lyons him self that gave the alarm that No. 1 claim hart fallen in. You remember that, Tady ? ' ' Av coorBe, I mind it well. There was a regular hullabulleo when he kem to No. 2 screeohin' that tho olaim was fell in an' that the Colonel waa below. There waa only four shafts an' half of 'em deserted, and round nbout No. 1 was so druv wid driveH that we knew 'twas unsafe to stand anear where the great gap of ground fell in.» The way 'twas done at last was by putting a drive in from No. 4, an' it took us three days to do it.' ' Aye,' responded Mr. Pollard, ' three ter rible days for the poor widow who would hope to the last, though we all knew tbat the Colonel must have perished for want of air shortly after the ground fell in. Lyons pre tended to be one of the most active workers, but he was in reality retarding the search, and he disappeared from the moment that St. Herriok's corpse was seen with a note-book in one stiffened hand and a penoil in the other.' ' The poor fellow [had left evidence against his murderer ? ' 'Yes. In the few scrawled words written in darkness and in the oppression of death, he told how Lyons had cut away tho props and told him of the revenge he had planned — told him of it ere he escaped himself, and while the soil was slowly settling down be tween him and his victim. There was no more but a blessing on his wife and his un born babe.' ' We saw the little girl to-day,' Leonard said, and he related what, had passed between Besignation and them. ' She is a lovely girl,' he added, ' but looks very delicate.' ' She has grown up with the very Bhadow of the grave on her,' Mr. Pollard returned. ' The very name given her was the last that should likve been chosen, for her mother has never been and never will be resigned. She nourishes a morbid idea that somehow and some day she will see her husband's mur derer brought to justice here on tho spot where he died, and the dead father is al most the sole subject of conversation between her and her little girl.',. ' Where do they live now ? ' Tady asked. 'In a little house I had built for them after the Colonel's death. '? On' his affairs being settled it waB found that there was but a few hundreds left after the house and land was paid off. St. Herrioks being put in the market, I bought it myself, and offered to take MrB. St. Herrick as a tenant, but she de clared it .would be impossible to remain where she had been so happy, and where every thing would remind her of her dead' husband, so I built the cottage where they now live ; it is on the slope above the old place, Tady ; you will remember it ? ' ' Yes, sir, well.' 'The property has been a loss to me,' the good man continued, 'for a Btory of its being haunted stood in the way of its being occupied. Now, however, I have justseoured a tenant whose profession ought to prevent any superstitious terrors from affeoting him.' ' What is he ?' ' By his dress, I should say a member of Borne religious order, and his mother calls him ' Father James.' „ ' He has a family, then ?' 'A mother and sister, and one Berving man, as far as I could see. And now about yourselves.' You really mean to attack the old ground again, Tady ?' ' Wi' the help o' God. I'm as sure as I sit here that there's lumps of gold in. that gully, Mr. Pollard.' ' Well I hope there may be, for your nalre, and Mr. Leonard's too. Where are vou to put up?' ~ ' At the_ hotel, for the presont. Mr. P..l lard,' replied Leonard. ' I must have a look at these wonderlul claimB before I deoirle ou entering on the life of a digger, for I coulees that I don't at all share Tady.'a cer tainty of a golden olaim.' 'More shame for you to. say it,' 'cried Tady, angrily, as he got up from bin neat ; ' but if you're comin', wo have no time to lose, Mr. Leonard.' ' We had proposed a visit to the claims,' young P.rosBw'.&xplained.; ' It iB not a loi'g walk, I believe/'' * ' About half a mile only. . Stay, Mr. Pros ser; if you have no objeotion, I will walk with you. It is years ainoa I saw the place, whioh has, as you may Buppose, sad recolleo tions for me.' It was a lovely spring afternoon; and as the trio crossed Roban Creek and mounted the slope beyond, it was an almoBt simul taneous impulse that'slackened their steps .to' ? admire tho scene around them. The gliding waters of the oreek, glistening among its fringes of sweet-seented flowering wattle; the stately Mount Roban, heaving up his huge sideB, laden with their wealth of forest, .flushed in the warm, bright sunbeams ; the sweep of fair pasture, dotted for miles with aontent sheep and cattle, until .lost in the low line of blue htjls. in the distance— all formed as sweet ih landscape as Leonard Prosser had ever g»zed upon. 'It is lovely,' 8s'£aid, 'and so different from-jvhat I fanoi&JJ; *My idea of Tady's dig gings%aa of something wild and rough, and i ojil lSra loveliness such as this.' ;'?*- In ten minutea you will see something more like what you expected, Mr. Prosaer,' observed the J.P. ' The gully is even wilder now than when you left it, Tady. The curse of shed blood seems to be on its very grass.' Turning to the right they passed the over grown garden thaF surrounded the dwelling known aB ' St. Herrioks,' and then entered a gully wild enough to fulfil all Leonard's dreams. It seemed to be a oleft in the hills down which tho dry traok of a winter torrent, and up the sloping sides of whioh straggling trees grew, and wild foliage flourished rankly. Here and there were broad level spots that had been swept in. winters gone by from the green hill sides, and toward one of these level places.the steps of Mr.- Pollard turned. A spot that looked weird enough to justify alljthat Mr. Pollard had said of it, where the grass vainly struggled to hide the Bunken level ' and the thrown up he'aps that denoted the plaoe where ihey lbjid dug to reoover the body' of a foully-murdered man. - Huge treea with out one sign of leafy verdure on them stretohed their bare, bleak, crooked Umbs over it as if, in warning and guard, and among the scarredf hard soil, where no grass would grow, a SSft 1 treaoherous holes with liohena waving long tendrils down thoir oavernous depths, denoted' where the doBerted shafts of tho long ago miners had been. ' Is this at-all liko what you expected, Mr. Leonard?' the gentleman asked, aa he paused on the edge of the sunken level. ' It is worse,' almost whispered the young man, while Tady gazed around him with horror. ' I scarcely wonder that men would be unwilling to work here, even for gold. What do you say, Tady ? ' ' I don't know what to say, sir ; there's an awful ohange here sure enough, and they say that a curse will always lie where a man has been killed. What happened the trees, Mr. Pollsrd? They were fine box trees twelve years ago.' 'There was a bush fire that ^helped the desolation, I believe, Tady. Can you point out your old claim ? ' 'For sure. air. The Colonel's No. 1 was here where the ground's low, and our's was that one buyant there, where the green thing is swmi^iug about.' ' Tiiey urtvauced to (the edge of Tady's old nhaft and looked down into the darkness. Leonard lifted a stone and threw.it down, and '- i« splashed into hidden water the Irish iinti anuddered as if a cold wind had struck him. ' I think your 'gold-digging at Marranga will never be resumed, Tady,' young Prosser laid. 'Thero is wator down there, and a tiooded claim is no. joke to taokle. At all events, I resign-on the spot all interest in No. 2, it would seem to me like digging in a grave.' ' The place of graves has not always been respected in the searoh for gold in our new land,' observed Mr. Pollard, ' but let us go ; I own I shall be glad to get away from this melancholy spot.' 'What was I sent here for at all?' mur mered the Irishman discontentedly. ' Day an' night I was dreamin' of it for eleven year ; warnins of all sorts, I had to oome back again to the ould place ; what was if for if 'twaa not for the goold ? ' ' Maybe 'twaa to meet the prieBt, Tady,' Leonard said smilingly. ' Is this your new tenant approaohing, Mr. Pollard ? I should judge so from his dress.' ' Yes, it is he,' replied Mr. Pollard, as he paused to speak to the olergyman who was approaohing. \- Father James was a man so Btrarige in form and movement as to draw the eyes of both Leonard and his foster-brother closely npon him ; he was tall and gaunt in make, and his long, priest-like black coat hung so loosely around him as to suggest a decrease in bulk since it had been made for him. Indeed, the face; showing palely under the broad brim of the clerical hat that was drooped over it, was that of an invalid — the white, hollow, olose shaved oheeks, the great, sunken dark eyes, with the blue oiroles round them, suggesting a far from perfect state of health. On meet ing him Tady, with the usual respeot o his countrymen for cheir clergy, made him a respectful reverence, that was acknowledged by a curt nod as the stranger stopped to spoak ' to his landlord. ' A strange looking man and a siokly one, I should say,' observed Leonard when they had separated by some stepa._ ' He belongs to some foreign order I think— eh, Tady?' ' Aye, sir, the dress is different from our clergy? but what eyes he has — they seemed to look right through me, an' I declare it seems to mo as if I'd seem 'em before some where.' ?' Maybe you did, Tady. There were two or three continental priests at Corbally col lecting for some oharity last summer.' ' I was none of them, Mr. Leonard, for I never lost a mass while they were there, an' I Been 'em all.' ' I don't think you ever lost a masB if you could help it, Tady. What will you do here ? I understand there is no chapel hero.' \ ' No 1 ' replied Tady viciously, ' it's moBtly Protestants that are at Marranga — the hathens ; I beg your pardon, Mr. Leonard, I was forgettin' you wor one, but you must own that if there were as many Catholics about, the place wouldn't be without a church or chapel. Well, I'm glad, anyhow, that there is a prieBt. If he's in orders 'twill be a great comfort to me.' They were now rejoined by Mr. Pollard, whose pleasant countenance had a broad smile on it aa they moved on, Tady falling, as he always did, a lirtl« in the rear. ' You have heard something pleasant from our aterioal friend ? ' said Leonard. 'I dou'i It n i w i hat it was exactly the agreeable tmiuru of what Father James told me th'tt tkiM'-d nie, but it waa the idea of Paddj 's seni-utionM when he heara it. What ilo -- f m Mnnli tlit, priest told me, 'Tady ?' ' tl' w ui'dVc tell you anything bad, any lin ?-. '. tlie I, ishman replied atoutly. ? 0: .i.iiii ie not, but something very unex peoir.t. What do you think he is going to eo. Mi Prosser?' v ?' I can't guess.' '? He ia going to open up the old ground we have just been inBpeoting. He ia going over tu see it now. He says that he has a man with him who knows the ground, and who has a great opinion of the prospects in No. 1 before it was abandoned, and he's going to take possession of that claim. What do you think of that, Teddy ? ' ' I'll tell you what I think I ' oried Connor, triumphantly. ' I think that priest or no priest he won't get No. 2 olaim. for I'll go baok and 'peg it out this minnit 1 By Jove, we can set all the ghosts in the oountry at defiance now when there's a olergyman in the ground, an' we'll take plinty ov gold baok to ould Corbally yet afther all, Mr. Leonard 1 ' CHAPTER III. Leaving his companions suddenly, Tady Connor started baok toward the gully they had just left, but long before he reached it he saw the tall, black figure of the priest stand near the scattered spot whioh had been the grave pf Colonel St. Herriok, and it seemed to the Irishman that in spite of th$ .presence of that: old man, the gloom of -the spot was deeper, and the gaunt branohes of the dead trees even more threatening of aspeot than they, -had been a short hour previous ; but he oast the fanoy irom him with an exeoration on hiB own folly. 'I was ever an' always a fool with the superstition, an' I must have suoked it wid me mother's milk, for she waa. just as bad 1 What'ud make the place blaoker beoause the father is there ? ' and he trod toward him with a step that made the dry sticks craok, and the dead graBS rustle. The olergyman heard the sounds and turned slowly to meet, as he doubtless expeoted, the gentleman he had so lately parted from, but a quiok frown shaded the white face as he drew the broad hat lower over it at sight of Tady Connor. ' Mr. Pollard tould me that ye wor goin' to. take up one of the 'old olaims,. your reverence, and I oame baok to tell ye that No. 2 iB mine. You see I worked it long ago, and it belongs of right to me, plaze your reverence. ' I am not in orders,' was the reply, in a deep, hollow voice as if the worda were spoken through plenohed teeth, ' and olaim no right as a olergyman. What is that you are' saying about-theso olaims?' , V' Mr. Pollard sob you're goin' to work 'em, an1 1 oim makin' it known to you that No. 2 was my, olaim long ago.' 'When?'' asked tho man, we know as , Father. James. - ' . . ' Nearly twelve years ago, your reverence, before that murtherin' villain Dan Lyons killed the Colonel in this olaim — may the I curse of God rest on him now andforevet, amen I' Father James started back almost aa if th impulsive Irishman had struck or threatene' him, and Tady's repentancu was qtnckl evinced. ' I beg your reverenae's pardon, humbly he said ; ' but when I think of the scouikIi- I I forgets myself. You have heard abuin Colonel St. Herrick's bein' dug out dead hei- , flir?' ' Yes, ,1 havo heard tho story. And you worked horo ?' 'Yes, sir, in No. 2 — that shaft there; and I'll work in it again, please God, now that your reverence is going to have a hand in it.' ' I tell you, man, I am not in orderB, and I don't want any of your . reverences,' Fathei James repeated angrily, as he turned his thin white faoe away from Tady. ' Sorra one o' me cares whether you are in orders or not, your reverence,', rcitera' , Tady. 'At all events, you wor once, an' f knows iny duty in respeot to the cleryy BeBides' — aud the speaker dropped hi- voice and looked around him timorously — ' it gi vet me courage tu stand here anear a man thnt has stood before the altar.' ' What do you mean ? What are you afraid of, you fool? Do you think that a dead man has power to harm you ?' .' No, your reverence ; but you know well that tho place where a soul has beeu parted from tho body by foul murder ia accursed. Look round you, sir ; the trees have withered here, and the grass won't grow. There isn't a bird ever singB in them dead branches, or a drop of rain ever falls to wet that hard day ; but I b'lieve in my heart that if tho murderer was to come and put hia foot on that ground it would open and swallow him up.' Involuntarily Father James drew his foot baok from the spot where it had rested on the sunken level, and an angry red burned in his hollow oheeks. ' You aro a fool, I told you that before,' he said, ' as if Nature's laws would permit of miracles; but I wish it was true. I wish that the ground would open at the touoh of Dan Lyons' foot, for 'twould save me a good deal of labor digging out all this soil.' ' Does your reverenoe know where he is?' added Tadjr, in open-mouthed wonder. ' Know 1 not I, of course not; but one fool makes many, and we are told to answer a fool acoording to hiB folly.' 'Yes sir,' Tady replied humbly, though he didn't at all understand what Father James meant. 'But will you please to tell me sir if it's true that your going to open up No. 1 again?' ' I _am,' was the short reply ; ' I have machinery coming up in a day or two, and a man that 'knows the ground to work it. Whioh Bhaft do you olaim ? ' ' That one sir,' and Tady pointed to the shaft down whioh the long sprays of a oreep ing plan1; were lovelily swaying, ' and I'll peg it out now for safety sake.' 'Have you a miners' right ? ' Father James asked with a scowl. ' Yes, sir, and so has Mr. Leonard; we oame a purpose to dig at Marranga.' , ' Who is Mr. Leonard?' ' My master, your reverence ; you saw him with Mr. Pollard a bit ago,?' and honest Tady launohed into a volley of praises all devoted to Mr. Leonard. Very few were the words that the priest said, but before he parted from the voluble Irishman he knew all about his long ago ex periences at Marranga', and his fester brother's wealth and position, while of him self or family Tady could not carry to the townBhip one iota of intelligence. ' A holy man,' was Tady's opinion, self expressed, as he walked to rejoin his joung master, 'and I think ho has some vow- on him, he is so quiet and still.' Aye 1 Father James ha'd a vow on him, but it was one that Tady Connor would no more have dreamed of than he would of robbing a sacristy I Let us follow the olergyman and see what was his opinion of the garrulous Irishman. At the weather-stained gate that opened to the overgrown gardens of St. Herrick's, he paused for a little to look down upon the township that was plainly visible from where he stood, but . had any one been there to watch that pallid countenanco they must have recognised the faot that his thoughtx were not on the white houses by the roadside, or the painted bridge over the oreek, near whioh the V.R. on the board at the white police station was plainly visib e. In tin deep set eyes a lurid fire burned. The lonfc lingers with which, he clutched the top bar ot the gate seemed to hold it with a ^rip ui -iro,:, rinid as tho set teeth and couipre»*ed 1 1 1 1- ,i the man. A Btep came down the fiarden walk, I), it ie did not hear it, for lie otartert wl.en a h»n.i was laid on his arm. 'Has anything none wrong, br, itijei- ? 1 was the question that lit] heard, arid »-a-v re peated in the dark face and the keen tye- taut so near his own. ' No — yeB,' was the contradictory reply. I have been down at the old place.' 'At tho olaims 1' ' Yes.' ' And it has upset you. I thought you were of different stuff, brother ' ' It waa not altogether that, but I. mot a man there whose presence may be of evil in fluence for us. Do you remember a little Irishman named Tarty Connor working in the Gully twelve years ago ? ' ' Aye, do I ; he waa in No 2.' ' Well, he has corns back all the way from Ireland to try that olaim again, and I am afraid of him.' 'Why ? Do you.remember him ? Does he know you?' ' Brother, you . have forgotten that Dan Lyons is dead; how should I, who have never seen Marranga before; know this man, or he me?' ' ' I stand corrected,' the man who called Father James ' brother ' said ; ' yet there are sometimes fanoied resemblances.' 'YeB,' interrupted the priest, 'and I think this Connor saw something in my face that reminded him of the past. I hope it is not so, but tho idea troubled me.' The brother looked long and steadily into Father James' face, and then he said with decision— ? ' There is not the most distant family re semblance ; there is not a line, or a feature, or an expression like Dan Lyons.' 'That is well. Cornelius, what sort of man was this Connor in those days? Dan Lyons, I think, knew very, little about him.' 'Connor was a fool ; an ignorant, preju diced, oonceited fool, who would believe any thing you told' him, but was very religious in his way. Curse these religious people — they do more misohief than a host of devils 1 How did he treat you?' 'With the greatest respeot— with exagge rated reverence, in faot.' ' As a olergyman, of course ' ' Yes.' ' Oh, then it is all right ; in that oharaoter you oan twist Tady, Connor round your finger.' ' I saw another old acquaintance of Dan's.' 'Who ?' ' John Pollard.' 'Ah I did lie see any family likeness?' ' No, I am sure ho did not. I told' him of ? our intention to re-open the olaim.' ' That's right ; and you told him also that you had ono'of the old men who understood the ground ?' 'I did.' _ ' Thon everything is going on right; and now I think you had better go in to the ?U'lther; she's been awlully restless sinco you i-out out.' F-ithor James locked toward tho wost, where in a gorgeous robe of red and purple and t;old the sun was saying farewell to Marranga, -mrl a strong shudder shook him from head to foot^ I -Will you nover get over it, brother?' Cornelius asked, with an almost womanly I tenderness?; 'aud vou so strong-minded in I every other way. You aro ready to faoe the I retribution wo are working for at any day | and uuj hour, vet you shudder at a phantom of your own fancy.' ' It is uo f*noy, Cornelius ; I am ready for 'he liviriK. but not for the dead. Fanoy :s that Unoy? Are these fanoy ?' and heheln n, it Ins emaciated, trembling wrists. 'No, but you are killing yourself by trying ,i f iriify yourself for the imaginary horror f r no night; the spirits you drink would kill ijh strongest man alive.' ~ 'It does not kill me, I should die without it.' He turned toward the house, half hidden by the trees, a3 he was speaking, and walked toward it, a tall unbending form that seemed shadowy enough to belong to some other world, yet had hidden beneath the blaok robe all tho horrors that the crimes of earth could concentrate into one deed. The house known as St. Herriok's was a low-roofed building of small aooommodation, and its dark stone walls were so covered with ivy, that only here and there where the gleam of small windows made themselves known, could the material of whioh it was built be identified. It had more than the gloomy look, too, of a house untenanted for long years, especially at sunset, when the tall oypresa-liko trees cast their long shadows across the threshold. Standing on the threshold as the brothers approached it, was an indolent-looking young girl of low staturo and a heavy build. Every feature in her face was heavy, from the snub nose and the slow, dark eyes, to tho thiok fringe of black hair cut straight across her low flat forehead.. She had a sulky look, too, as she stood there watching her brothers' ap proach listlessly, and her ungainly figure was so bedizened with soiled finery, in the shape of lace and ribbons that the befringed and be flounced black dress looked shabbier than even it waa under the contrast. ;? It ian't bad enough to to be in a gaol like this, but we must be starved waiting for our supper,' she said, sullenly, as Father James paBsed her, and went inaide, but Cornelius only laughed in her faoe aa he chucked her fat, heavily moulded chin. 'A pretty girl like you, Nora, wont be in gaol, as you call it, long. You'll be having no end of sweethearts about you when the Marranga boys begin to find you out.' 'I don't think there's any boys about,' she said, with a pout of her thick lips. ' That's where you're wrong, Nora ; there was one asking about you to-day.' 'Now you're up to some of your larks, Corney,' she said, doubtingly ; but her eyes sparkled, and her brother saw it. ' Faith I'm not. Oh, honor bright, Nora, he saw you through the trees, and he's bound to make your acquaintance.'' 'Who is he ? ' the girl asked eagerlyi ' His name is Tady Connor.' ' Tady Connor,' she repeated thoughtfully ; and little guessed Cornelius Brady, as he called himself, what a bomb of destruction he had thrown under hi8 own roof when he mentioned the name of Tady Connor to his siBter Nora. In tho kitchen of St. Herrioks, whioh, it would seem, was used as a common room by the Brady family, a smnkiug Bupper wa3 npread upon the table, at wtiich a woman oi ?some sixty years was standing when Father James entered. Sue was a tall, thin woman, with strong hands and, wiry arms — the hands' and arms of a woman wno had worked hard all her life, aud was dressed in the homely fashion of an Irish farmer's wife. Her grey hair was drawn up from her low forehead under a white mu»lifi e-ip, her dress was pinned up over a blue woollen petticoat, and a checked aprou was spread over all the front of her skirts.' A small Bhawl covered her shoulders, and was ? crossed on her breast, and il a person iiai cursorily glanced at Mrs. Biady they mu»i havo set her down as an Honvu, btK-tlini{ wutnan, and a notable house wite. (Tii be continuod.') 