NEWS AND NOTES. The R.M.S. Ballarat was sighted off Albany at 8 a.m. yesterday. The post- office will close at to-morrow (New Year’s Day), and only the first delivery of letters will tie made. M-ils, however, Will be received and despatched iis usual. Telegraph offices will be open from half-past 8 to 10 a.m., and from 6 to 7 p.m. The annsxa.tioh question is assuming oohsider able importance throughout the several colonies. Before the hoisting of the.'German flag.:in New Guinea shores, Bnd the islands adjacent, both N.S. Wales and'South Australia treated the ad vances of the Viotorian Premier with cold dis trust, but since that event the several. Cabinets have drawn nearer together. The; South Aus tralian Government ere anxious to join the pro-. teat with Viotoria, Queensland, and Tasmania, and on Monday Mr Service received the follow ing telegram from Mr Dailey, Acting Premier of N.S. Wales: —“Having to-day, the earliest period since the Christmas vacation at which it was possible to convene a Cabinet, submitted your telegram of the 24tb in-t. to my colleagues, togother with a miimto on the subjeat to which it referred, I now inform you that immediately on receipt of authoritative information concern ing German annexation in New' Gtiinei this Go vernment will be.prepared to take action with. the Governments of the other Australim colo- , nies. It is deemed inexpedient in connection with questions of such gravity nnd complexity to take nny steps without the fullest information concerning the whole situation. By to-uight’a mail a copy of the minute submitted to the Cabinet, and which will be forwarded to the Sec retary of Stato for the Colonies,' will bo sent to you,"and copies will also he sent to the beads of the various Australian Governments.”. _ On Mon day the Premier of Queensland cabled to the Agent- General, emphatically protesting against Germany exercising jurisdiction-of . New Guinea, and drawing special attention to tho fact that the promise to contribute towards 'the expenses of tho -protectorate had been given on the understanding that: no such action as that of Germany would he permitted. ,The Melbourne branch of the A.N.A. have -decided te ask the mayor to ' call a monster meeting to protest against the action of Lord Derby, and a meet ing is to he held in Ballarat next week with the samo object, and no doubt it will be an enthu siastic one. ; , • The result of the Intercolonial Cricket Match yesterday was qiiite unexpected, as from the first innings of the Sydney team, it was thought the match, would have been protracted to New Year’s Day. The bowling, however, was too good, and so their second innings closed for a total of 74, tho Victorians thus winning by an innings and five. runs. The match of the Com bined Team v. the English Professionals com mences to-morrow. The Ballarat Militia Battalion will be visited by the heads of the military force on Saturday, 17th January, when the various companies will he examined in musketry drill for the compe tition for the Sargobd challenge shield. Inspec tion for other drill movements will take place during February. It is of importance that both otficera and privates should uow regularly make their appearance at drill, so as to be us perfect as possible in the movements required for the competition. The Ballarat corps has already achieved distinction, and, therefore, it is to be hoped that the shield will come to this centre. It is saarcely necessary to remind Super intendent Ryall and Inspector Parkinson that it is desirable again to have extra police protection in the City and Town to-night (New Year’s Eve). As is customary at this period, bands of drunken larrikins, under pretence uf ushering in the new year, parade the streets, insult respectable pedestrians, and damage property. Some years back disgraceful scenes were enacted by larri kins on the eve of New Year, but the festivities coouectod with the ushering in 1834 were not characterised byrauch rowdyism, simply because tho officers of police had extra men, mounted and foot, told off to assist the local constabulary in keeping good order. Wo trust the same course will be followed to-night, and perhaps it would jiist be as well to suggest that mounted patrols be ordered to visit streets other than those io the City and Town. Three important additions to the postal and telegraphic systems of this colony will oome into force to-morrow. Two of them (the postal notes and parcels post systems) are due to the Amended Postal Act which came into force at the beginning of the present year, but the third, relating to the reduction from 2s to Is for tele graph messages of 10 words between Melbourne and Sydney, is the result of a conference held some time ngo between the Postmnster-Gonerals of the two colonies. The postal note system, by reason of its cheapness, is likely to become popular with the general public, and will doubt 10-3 to o great) eetWUl Luke the place Of pOStt office orders.— uno postal notos are lntorchango-' able, and can pass as payment from one person to another like a cheque or pound note. Each note is payable for six months after issue, after tho expiration of which a fresh fee must bo paid in order to renew its currencv. The parcels post referred to has been established betweeu this colony and the Indian Post-uffica. Parcels will be c trried at a schedule of prices, already drawn up, along with the mails on the steamers running between Melboarne and India. The boy Patrick Gallagher, aged 16 years was yesterday brought before the Towu Court, and charged with drunkenness and with breaking a window. Mr Turpie, the presiding magistrate after leotnring the lad upon his conduct, fined him 5s on the chargeof drunkenness, and 5s for smashing the window, in default three days’ imprisonment. The prisoner did not pay the fine, and he was, therefore, Bent to gaol. Some sportiDg larrikins a few days since,- of Bheer nnd wanton mischief, shot nnd stol e two geese, value 12s, on the Ballarat Common* tho property of Michael Bures, a dairyman* and also shot and killed a pig, valued at £l5, owned by another dairyman named Richard Fortin. The police should do all in their power to discover the perpetrators of these malicious acts. Closo, disagreeable weather was experienced io Ballarat yesterday, and at times the City and Town were enveloped of dust. During the aftornoon the sky became overcast, and several “knowing ones” prodict heavy weather about Now Yoar’s Day. It is to be hoped, for the sake of excursionists, that suah wilt not be the ease. A constable was yesterday busily engaged in Bridge street in enforcing tho regulations for bidding drivers of licensed vehicles to ply for hire off the recognised stands. As complaints have been made of tho strong currents of air experienced in the new Wesleyan Church, Lydiard Btreet, the trustees have deoided to erect six extra doors at oortaiu paints in the edifice with the view of remedying (he inconven ience. The doors, four of which are to he plnced io the porch, and one in each of tbo two corridors will of oourse be expensive; but in the interests of the health of the attendants at the church their erection is unavoidable. It is ex pooted that the doors will be in position by Sunday next. The lower portions of Ballarat East, in the vicinity of the Main road, are just now infested by a number of woll-known ruffians, comprising housebreakers, thieves, and what are nowadays known as “spielers.” It is at this time of.the year that such follows make big hauls by knock ing down nnd robbing all intoxicated individuals who may happen to wander within their, terri tory. Several robberies havo been reported from Ballarat East within the past ten days, and at the prosent time ,the police are on the lookout for two notorious scoundrels on a charge of assault and robbery committed a day or two since. Sergeant Hall rid thS-' Colao district of cattle-stealers and thieves generally, and now it would be well if be directed attention to scouring portions of Ballarat East with the view of eject ing or imprisoning a most undesirable class. The Viotorian Society of Change-ringers, ton in number, will visit Ballarat to-day to- ring a “long peal” on the Ballarat bells. They oonsider these are the best kept hells in the colony, and in the best order; and desire to try what they can do on a good set of bells. The visitors~are the guests of the local bell-ringers. We have received from Mr Summerscales, of 6 Sturt street, a copy of a very useful work.by Mrs Greenup, entitled “ Homely Hints on Health,” price Is; also two very useful wall carls, con taining bints and advice for the kitchen'and nursery respectively: These useful requisites are to be had at 3d each. We have also to band the calendar issued by the Ballarat Savings Bank. , * - * At the City Police Court yesterday, morning two young men, named Alexander Gunn and James King, were charged; before Messrs A. T. Morrison (mayor), and J. A. Chalk, J-’s.P., wjth threatening-behaviour in Sturt street on Sunday last. From'the evidence of a couple of wit nesses it -appeared that defendants had been fighting in the street, while large numbers of persons were passing on; their way to church. The men were both under the influence of liquor at the time. The bench fined eaoh of tho'de fondants 20s, with 10s costs, in default - seven , days* imprisonment. One ieebriate was fined in the usual amount. A", number of persons 'were fined for allowing their cattle to Wander ' in the street, and for .the- non-registration of dogs,; Several debt cases were dealtwith, and the court adjourned. : i The holiday-raaking experiences of a couple of young men from the metropolis, who have been spending their Christmas in Ballarat-; wound lip. in rather an unpleapant fashion yesterday morn \- I . nFr_-The pair had been regaling.themselves.at I an Siatern.hotel, whon adispute occurred be-: twaen . tnein and tho landlord as to the price of thedrinW, The latter, j potitftp;'- and finally expelled -Ms unwelcome visito'i-aby main force. Hie ejeoted oneif found their iraj to at abodt2 a.m., one of them a thermb-hiail, and both suffering from. a'collection of: scalp 'wounds. alleged- to have been inflicted by the too plentiful use of. a', pair df tongs.' by tbeitate landlord daring the scuffle. The' wounds. were bandaged up at the the - holiday-makers bent their' unsteady wayhomewards. A requisition will to-day be'-'plresented to the City and Town Mayors^,asking them to csll a public meeting in thaAlfred Hall on Wednes day next, in order that tbe people of Ballarat may have an opportunity of expressing their opinion upon tbe action of the Home Govern ment in .connection with the. proclamation of a Herman' protectorate over a" portion of New Guinea. <=*" Watch'-night services will be conducted in the Methodist Churobes to-night,- and also at Christ Church pro-Cathedrai. Doubtless there will be a large concourse of people, as usual, opposite the City Hull Tower to watch the Old Year out and the New Year in. We learn that Mr George Tutton, of Wendou ree Parade, has been nominated for tbe vacant seat in the City of Ballarat Board of Advice No. 4. Hubert Muencb,. who formerly held a good position in Ballarat as a teacher of music, but whose intemperate habits have reduced him to a most pitiful condition, was yesterday brought i before Mr J. S. Cioper, J.P., on a ohargo of lunacy. He was admitted to tbe Hospital on Sunday last, suffering from a fit. Sinae then ho appears to have very violent, and Dr Moffit feared that unless placed under restiaint : he would do himself an injury. Among other: things found in his pocket was a piece of rope. Heiwns'remanded for a'week: . ; . The Ballarat Half-holiday Union repressnta" tives canvassed the City and Town yesterday in : ordor to test the. feeling of the-.various shop-; keepers relative to the proposed change io the: weekly half-holiday from Fiiday to Wednesday. It was explained that local tradesmen* were hot unanimous on the desired alteration, whereupon -. (we are officially informed) the majority of those who originally agreed to support the Wednesday ; half- holiday: promised to adhere to tbe Friday, as at present. Tho canvass will bo continued to-day. • . v ' * ' : The first rehearsal of the'Ballarat Leidertafel for 1835, will take place next. Wednesday even ing, 7th January, when ’ a' full attendance is requested. . .. , . : The excitement consequent upon tho holidays is tbo much for some people. : Very often at the Western railway station excursionists desirous of proceeding to, the great Victorian metropolis are foiind comfortably seated in traius'about to proceed in an opposite direction up-country, either to Ararat or Maryborough.'; Then, again, holiday makers are found-in the statioumastor’s •quarters, asking Mr Sinclair or his assistant the faros to places without railway communication. Yesterday an old gentleman became, during tbe hustle, very bewildered. He desired to lejve Ballarat for,an upoountry town, and approach ing a porter, he asked, “ What time does the Hamilton train start V “7.35,’’wa3 the reply. Shortly afterwards the intending excursionist bad forgotten the' answer, and advancing towards a second official, be enquired, “What time does the Hamilton train- start?” - “25 minutes to 8,” replied the .porter. “That’s funny,” said the old gentleman, you tell me 25 minutes to 8, and your mate -tells me 7.35. Now I’ll have none of your tricks. Between the two I’ll miss the train, and that will be_a fine how-do-ye-do. . Which is right n0w —7.35 or 25 minutes to 8?” If you don’t tell me right I’ll re port you to the- policeman.” ‘‘ Very well,” ejaculated the porter, “ tell the policeman.” The excited excursionist, therefore, called Con stable O’Grady to tbe sceae, and to him put tho following arithmetical puzzle “ One port°r tells mo my train goes at 7.35 and another 25 minutes to 8, and are trying to slaw me; is that actionable, and can you lock them up for it! You know a man should not be treated in this manner at Christmas time.” What the con stable’s answer was is not known. Bank and public holdidays were gazetted yesterday at Daylesford, on Friday, and at Ararat on Wednesday next. An old man named Christopher Harding was hurnt to death in his hut at Glenpatrick, on Boxing Day. There was no evidence at tho in quest to show how tbe fire originated. A miner named William Clague, 41 years of age end unmarried, committed suicide at Fryers town during the holidays. His dead body was found hanging from a rafter in a stable some days afterwards. With reference to the dariDg French project for flooding the desert of Sahara with wnat would be virtually anew sea, it may be well. Engineering remarks, to recall the opinion ex pressed by M. Elites Reclus, that at one period in tbe world's history the desert was covored by a sea very similar to the Mediterranean,' and that this sea exercised a very great influence upon the temperature of France, as compara tively cold—or at any rate cool—winds blew over it, while now the winds that prevail in the great expanse are of a much higher temperature, and are, in fact, sometimes suffocatingly hot. The appearance of the desert seems to support the theory of M. E'isAs Bfislus, that it was at one time the bed of a sea of coesiderable extent, of which the great inland African lakes receutly discovered..a~-r—>ait>iy tbo romatos. ~rne present vast extent and con figuration of the African continent would also appear to biipport tbe conclusion that at one time it comprised a less area of land than it does at present. The serious question which arises, assuming that the theory of M. E i-6a Kdclus is substantially correat, is what will be the effect of tho creation of a second African sea in the room of that which has disappeared ? Would the temperature of France, and pos sibly even of England, be again reduced ? It is a geological theory that in the glacial period of tho world’s history Great Britain was covered with ice and snow very much as Greenland is at present. Some great influences must clearly have been brought to bear upon France and Great Bntaia which rolled the ice over so many hundred miles northward. What was this in fluence? Was it the large African sea which French enterprise is endeavoring to recreate ? If it were, we should say that whatever the French may gain in Africa by the realisation of a Saharan sea, would be much more than counter balanced by what they would lose in Frauoe it self. Referring to the massacre of Colonel Stewart and his party in the Soudan, the special corre spondent of the Morning Post, writing from Dongola on 23rd October, says:—“ A concurrence of reports appenrs to enforce tho conclusion that the whole party, exceptiug two, namely, an in terpreter and a Greek merchant, wore killed, and the earlier reports, according to which the aet was a massacre easily effected by means of a treacherous show of friendliness, are substan tiated. A late accouDt assigns a terrible part ia the tragedy to the saved interpreter. The half of the party who, leaving the steamers, had gone to rest in the village, included the interpreter. When those were killed he was spared, being promised his life if he would go buck to tbo steamer and entice ashore all who remained on board, telling them that their comrades were enjoying good treatment in tho village, and had sent for them. The wretched man fulfilled his bloody errand, and gained his life. The Greek merchant is said to have been spared because be was known to his captors. The sheikhs of the village are said to have in duced the men to leave their arms behind bv representing that the villagers were frightened and would 3ao, taking with them the camels which the wrecked party wero trying to obtain, should armed men land. Tbore is a tale also, somewhat vague, but apparently well founded of three women who did not loave tho steamer,' and were afterwards killed when the steamer was taken, ona of them being said to have de fended herself, and to have cast boxes of ammu nition overboard. Of these one was a negross, and this fact, if fact it is, seems to imply that the other women were Europeans, for tho negress would be a servant.” According to the Shen Pao, the ex-Viceroy. Tso Tsung-t’ang lately had a very curious dream, in response to prayer. He thought his dead wife, the Marchioness Tso, appeared to him. in form as graceful as a goddess. She said she had already entered the ranks of the immor tals, and scarcely knew how old the world had grown; but as she had beard that her husband had been appointed generalissimo of the forces in Fukion, besides being loaded with honours, she had come to offer him her congratula tions. Tho sleeping Chung t'ang . replied that the .throne had been in great distress for a long time about State affairs, and that the servants of the Government had' been compelled, a9 it were, to lie down to rest in full armour, so that, as he had been raised to so high a position, he would sacrifice- himself even to death in his country’s cause, especially as there was grave reason to regret the-weakness of China in her navy. The ghost replied that blessings possessed; by China were still,bound loss, and that though, the French might be a little troublesome they oould not do much harm.. But the iuhabitantaol Fukion would have to suffer from fire and sword for three years, and at tbe expiration of that time, though not peace would be restored. Then her Husband would be able to rest ia quiet for three years more, having retired from publio life; and thereafter they would meet again. His Excellenoy thon wok*, up, considerably refreshed. ; The World reports that a fire broke out yes terday morning in a wooden building at AI bury, occupied as a "saddler’s, shop by .'Mr Cumin! Tho building and stock were completely destroyed, and the fire then spread to the ad joining briok buildings recently erected for Mr Fagan as a fancy goods warehouse, nnd Mr Figg’s baker’s-shop. Both these buildings were ; destroyed, bnt a portion of the stock was saved : in each oaso. Fagan loses goods to tho value of .£7OO, on which there is no insurance. The two brick shops were covered to the extent of £lOOO in- the' Imperial office. The damage done is about £2300. - - - ' - '' •- ; It was officially announcedijhe.' other day Tinth) that the plans,.are ;in ,hand.at Woolwich for a 101-ton breeoh-loading gunj with which one of the ships of the Admiral olass is | to be nrmed;-probably somewhere about the year 1890. 'Herr Krqpp has just oast at'Essea a gtln for tha Italian navy. Ihe oomDali (.HOW pf-jUTflsmeota is, of oour?e. Idssna anJ rmtWOT, M tha military Powers in fcarope alread/ discovered, for that reason w/ehrold e * at i w 'y or withdraw .alto* .Bother. when the Italians first mounted a •IM-too 8H ,n We bad immediately brought out one of 200 tons the probability ia that tbfcLa W would not have been repeated. In a garnet mere brag the piayer with the longest pane and toe most resolution tnay make a certainty of ginning if he plays properly* but the way the Admiralty go on only prolongs tho struggle in. definitely. • 80 u If, said Lord Carnarvon, commenting on Lord Darhy s “ Unfriendly Act” phrnse <fn a letter to to ■ The Times, 12th iTu'y, 1-S81), immediately after it had been-uttered,-it is to be understood that the annexation'of any pait of* the south eastern coast of New Guinea by a foreign Power will be regarded by the Imperial Gorernmenfaa a distinct wrong and a cunts- belli, then Ana trnlia, may_rest,in security, and postpone the eotual annexation till the necessity hns become .urgent. But an ambiguous and diplomatically 'guarded assurance, such as that given by Lord Derby, inspires no.oonfidence, and J am sorry to say is of'-little-practical' value. This jg the strongest reason why tho Impe.-ial Government should take some action.. All that is now neces sary ir that British sovereignty should be asserted on those shores."- Whether annexation comes in the train of misery or of mercy to the native races greatly depends on : the course now adopted; The rights of Eoglaod -to the south eastern coast of New Guinea, should be made indisputably clear; but above ‘ and ' beyond this if a closer ,unioh of this oountiy : and her great colonies in matters of oommon interest boa thing ; r worthy of : Anglo-Saxon atatosmen, then we are bound to giro something more than- a cold refusal to .the-united desires of the Aus tralian colonists for the first time in their history. " ' .reports that at the Adelaide Police Court yesterday a young - girl named Ellen Nioholl preferred a charge - of assault "w*??* t tbr ®° M* of larrikin type named to r*“"/" hn ,. 0 Bn#n * Jobu O’Donohue, and bnd n'biHnT - S, w 'j' >i . la , that'she had had a little too much drink at Glenolg yesterday r Tl'll m'u Bl , ee P utf the tho Sandhills. Whilst asleep" the throo priso ners oamo up, and two of them held her down oompamon tried to assault her. -On the other hand O Brian state,Hhat Donohue had been drinking with Nioho’ls, nud that the nair had gone to the Sandhills. It was stated the woman Nicholls bad boon a servant' to a wall known member of rh,. t class who frequent the streets-at night. -Nicholls asserted that her character was above suspicion. The bench com mitted the prisoners for trial. On the west coast of Africa, 14 Gorman firms from Hamburg are now represented by 60- Several Bremen houses are also established along the coast. Their trading settlements have been formed in Sierra Leone Liberia, Akka, Legos, ‘ Cameroon, and else* where* Mias Emily Paithfull; in a lecture which she delivered in Edinburgh, oalled attention to the fact that out of 27,000 of the latest recruits to aiormonism, 20,000 oame from Great Britain. The English headquarters of Mormonism is, she say*, at Liverpool, and there is. an immigration fund deposited at the Bank of England, from which the expenses of converts are paid. A young man named Hilton has been missing from Garvoc since Christmas Eve. He loft his aunt's house to go into the Laang Forest to his father, who is working at a sawmill there, and no trace has yet been found of him. The police and farmers are scouring the forest in all direc tions. All the males who went, to the Garvoo church oo Sunday turned out (ihe World says) to search for the man, instead of reamiuiog to divine service. Concerning the attempted murder of the Roman Catholic Bishop of Arroidale, th q Sydney Daily Telegraph observes: —“ Dr Torreggiani, while held m great reverence by tho members of his church for his zealous aud self-sacrificing labours as a missionary bishop, is respected by people of all denominations on account of his blameless personal character and his proverbial good- heartedness and Christian charity. Of all the Roman Githolic prelates in the colony, Bishop Torreggiani is perhaps the most popular, for he has succeeded in establishing general confidence and esteem by his gracious and kindly manner to persons of all clashes, and by his frankness, geuerority, and thorough upright ness in all things relating to the Church and otherwise. Anything so terrible as the tragedy which was so fortunately averted on Christmas Dny would be universally regretted, for apart altogether from his episcopal office, the worthy prelate is deservedly esteemed as a genial and courtly gentleman, and as an influential and useful member of tho community. It is impos sible to discover any motive for tbe attempt on the life of the venerable prelate, who bears the reputationof never having said a hard word to any one, and who is not known to-have ever done the slightest injury to any livingcreature. With the many expressions of congratulation, the occur rence has inspired a feeling of pity for the un* fortunate man who so madly endangered the life of one of our public and so seriously im perilled his own. There is a general manifesta tion of pleasure over the bishop's escape. References were made in many of the Ade laide churches on Sunday to the foundation of the colony of South Australia 43* years ago, and •to tne marvellous progress made since that time. Referring to the annexation question, the Sydney Daily Telegraph remarks: —“ In a grave crisis tike this, nil intercolonial jealousies and rivalries are madness. Whatever oau be done by a United Australasia to minimise tho evil which has suddenly fallen upon.us must be done with all our might, and with all the promptitude that is possible. We are sure that in standing out of this protest, tbe Ministry are misrepre senting tbe people of the mother colony. We are sure that if Parliament were now in session, both Houses would have passed a resolution instructing the Government to cordially joia in tho Australasian protest." Mount Leyshon, the Chnrters’ Towers Mount Morgan,.is causing much excitement locally. The crushing now being put through is expected to go about 12 oz to tho ton. A man named Alfred J'ones has been found dead in tbe scrub near Hauker.. Hi3 death was caused by an assault committed by a drunken aboriginal named Slim Jim. The statement by the Launceston Examiner that the, Rev. Canon Potter, of St. Mary's Church, Hotham, bad accepted the de.tnship of Hobart-, is not correct, the offer haviog been declined by the rev. gentleman in deference to the wish of the Bishop of Melbourne. At Moss Vale, N.S.W., a sad accident oc curred on Thursday. A young man named John Stubbings went shooting with some friends. Stubbing!*, in crossing tbe railway placed, slipped and fell, nnd his gun went off. The contents entered his aide, and caused hia death in a very short timo. Another view of the annexation question. Mr De M‘Leod, late-manager of the New Heb rides Company, arrived (says the Age) at Sydney on Monday afternoon by the Dupleix, from Noumea. He says a company was formed two years ago with the full'understanding that the French would ultimately auuex the New Heb rides. Continuous communication has been kept up between the French Government, through the meu-of-war, and the New Hebrides Company. At first the.cumpauy consisted of several Englishmen as well as Frenchmen, but latterly the former have been bought out, and the company is now entirely French, and owns considerable tracts, of land and all tbe best harbours throughout the group. Mr Do M'LeoA considers that Australia has no right to regard the New Hebrides asits inheritance. The Eng lish did nob exert themselves to open trading stations, but went there and shot tbo natives, and dragged others iuto slavery, and brought disease and death amongst them. A Paris correspondent writes: —** Thiers was a Frenchman to the marrow. He saw the error -Napoleon 111. ootomitted by advocating the • Nationalities dootrine, like Mtzzini. Ho clearly perceived in tbe unity of Italy and Germany— tbe death of Freoch supremacy in Europe. He wished these countries ouly confederations, and ever to be subordinate to Franco. He uever miscalculated the roles of Ctvour and Bismarck. About England's Bismarck —old Pam., he mado no mistake, and the latter took good care there* should be nono. Thiers boasted, •I; rospeot the- English, love the Italians, aad detest all other nations.' Though Thiers was an amateur pupil of Tallyrand, he could not, with all bis subtilty* come over Palmerston. Tbe latter ever opened his eyes in thi9 style, apropos of Mehemet All in 1840. ‘Tell Thiers,’ wrote Pam., to Sir Edward Eytton, ‘if Franco-throws down th* glove wo will not refuse to pick it up;, that if she commences war, she will certainly lose her ships, her colonies, and her commerce before she will soe the end of it; that her Algerian army need be bo cause of auxiety, for her, and that Mebemeb All will be thrown into tbe Nile. Mohamet proved as groat a fiasco as Arabi. But England has no Romans.now.“ 