THE VICTOBIAir ?RBVfP.W- Mr. J. HtngstOQ opens. the September, number with a,' paper entitled 'Intellect and Mind, ..Genius and Talent,' in which he lerenee between tne highest intellectual giftB and the greatest mental qualities, and that a iran who possesses the one is therefore unlikely to possess the other, There is certainly a great deal to be said in support of this argument, but Mr. Hingston is dis tinctly unsuccessful in his proofs. Starting with a terrible misquotation of what he him Belf calls a 'well-known' couplet, he fully keepa up the promise of. his opening, and inY paper is crowded with inaccu racies. We have not epace for a detailed account of these, so will merely give a few. instances. 'Shakspeare 'was unhonoured among his fellows' — Spenser, . Ben Jonson, Beaumont, and Fletcher, Sir John Davies'(aa Mr. Jame3 Smith reminds us in another part of the Review), and others to the con-' trary notwithstanding. Nay, Greene's very, criticism, written when Shakspeare bad-only, begun his work as a dramatist, shows that he at least knew there was something in the: young poet. Shakspeare wa3 'weak- minded.' Why 2 He married a c woman, older than himself! 'As an actor he was. absolutely nothing.' Besides playing the Ghost in ' Hamlet,' : Shakspeare is said to: h3ve played well as Old Knpwell in Ben Jonson's play, and Adam in 'As You Like: It.' 'He was a shy, retiring man'— not if such stories as that which M» Taine tells of him and Dick Burbadge be correct—' and a mere nobody at the tavern-meetings where Ben Jonson reigned as king'— not unless tra dition is utterly false. What does Mr. Hingston mean by saying ? that ' it was by the narrowest chance that the Great Fire of London did hot destroy those manuscript play3 of his (Shakspeare's) that were not published until years afterwards V Surely he must know that all the plays, in cluding some which are ' yet considered of doubtful Buthenticityrwere published before the Great Fire waa thought of. We cannot understand how any inan.with any know ledge of the commonest facts in literature could allow such glaring inaccuracies as we have picked out at random to appear in a literary review. Where Mr. Hingston is right he i3 right with everybody, and where he is wrong he stands on a position- founded on ignorance and fortified by sciolism. Mr, Jame3 Smith supplies two contri butions—one, 'The Story of an English Country Town,' in which he gives part of an interesting history of Wilton ; and the other, a paper read before the Shakspeare Society on 'The Theatre in Shakspeare's Time.' There is nothing new in this essay, but the reading of it will serve .as an answer to some of Mr. Hingston's heresies. Dr. J. P. Wilson's sketch of Ned Poins is only re markable for containing the accusation against Plautus, Terence, and Moliere that they were servile copyists. Mr. T. Eales gives another solution of the passage in 'Hamlet' about which Mr. David Blair wrote seme time ago. He thinks that Hamlet and the others, who had gone out for the express purpose of seeing the gho3t, heard the noise made by some guns and trumpets, and forth- , with forgot all about the ghost! - Miss Emily Addiaon writes a very interesting little account of some of the old trees in Robin Hood's Forest.: Mr. J. C. W. Ed wards's paper entitled ' Higher Law' is an appreciative review of Mr. Edward Mait land's novels. Mr. T. Wakelin contributes an essay on ' The Physical Theory of Gravi tations,' which will repay perusal ; and Mr. 1 J. Geary carries out the threat he made some time ago of going more at length into the liquor traffic question. The usual review of the English and American periodicals closes the number. ?? : 