'«PITW GHOST AT THE GEANQB (From the Christmas Wumber ol Xomto* ? --' Soctity) (Continued). ? Eor aomo minutes the two children 'were too excited to give any coherent account ; but at last we gathered that they had undressed and said their prayers without hearing anything un usual, and, as Effie said, ' just left o'ff thinking at all about it ;' but no sooner lad they put the light out and got into 'bed than they again hoard the soft sing ing which they had heard tne night 'before, and which they now not un naturally connected with the legend. ' Look here, Mary,' I -said, ' these two little barefooted maidens will catch ?'their death of cold. Pop them into bed at once in the room you iutended for me, and I'll take theirs. The ghost is ?welcome to come and sing to me as .much as she likes, so long as she sings something pretty.1 ? ?? It was clear that the children were too frightened to go to bed again in the same room, aaid Mary therefore thank fully adopted my suggestion. The two girls were speedily in bed in the room which I was to have occupied, and Tom lent .me a hand in transferring my belongings to their former resting place, at the same time calling my attention to the somewhat peculiar construction of the house. It had been built by a former proprietor, who apparently desired to make as much show as pos sible for his money. On each side of ,the hall door was a large room with three windows, and similar rooms above. ? This portion of the building was two _. stories high. In addition to this cen tral portion there was a wing, one story high, on each aide, so that the house altogether had a frontage of some eight and-twenty windows which, shaded by creeping plants of various descrip tions, gave it a very picturesquo and imposing appearance. But in point of actual size this appearance was delusive. The whole house was only one room deep from back to front, the rooms more remote from the centre being ap proached by a . long passage which ran .' along the hack of each floor, terinina ... ting at the door of the outer room in ' each wing. It was the further room on -.,- the upper floor of the left wing which Mabel and Effie had occupied, my brother-in-law's room being nest to it, and the one which I was to have occu pied next to that. The rest of the family and the whole of the servants slept in the other part of the house, so that the two children's alarm had not spread any further. On being left to myself, I locked the door, and took a surrey of the apart ment. There was nothing at all pecu .liar about it. It was simply a decently furnished country bedroom. The chairs and table were of the old-fashioned spindle-legged description, a hundred years old at the least, but in good pre servation. I pulled up the blind and looked out of the window. It was a clear moonlight night, and I found that my ?window was in the extreme end wall of the house, looking into a lane at the side. I drew the blind down again and undressed, without hearing a sound save the low moan of the waves on the sea shore, which was about a mile distant. 1 I settled in my own mind that this must have been the sound which the ;. children's fancy had transmitted into a ? -ghostly singing; and reflecting, with some little complacency, how easily such ? matters are explained when they come '' to be examined by a hard-headed man like myself, who never allows his nerves .to get the better of his discretion, I put out the lights and got into bed. ;?; ?'' I was beginning to get sleepy, and ''was lazily reflecting how I would roast ... those two silly nieces of mine in the morning, when I heard a sound which ;?-? 'was clearly not the moan of the distant ?waves, and which made me wide awake instantly. My little niece had de ? scribed it exactly. It was the crooning 'sound of a lullaby, the kind of song V with which a mother, hushes her child to sleep. I could not distinguish any ?words, but the cadence of some sort of tupe was clearly discernible. Instantly I jumped out of bed, and sprang to the 'Window. I could see clearly both up and down the lane, but there was not a creature in sight. I. listened, but ' nothing was now audible ; and a grow ?v.ing chilliness about, the. legs prompted me to get into bed againwithout delay, k '-which ;I did, leaving the blind up, and 'the .moonlight streaming full into the ^loom. ....,'? ,'...,.??' '.'.,..,'. : ' i-.-.r All was quiet, !and 1 was, 'beginning to persuade myBelf that I had been de ceived after all- by my own imagination, ?when suddenly I heard tho same sound . again. I sat up in bed. , It ceased. -I lay down, and it was once more audi ble ; but I noted that the tune did not appear to begin anew, ? but rather to be ^?'-resumed at a further point, as though ''.the momentary interruption had been : in my own consciousness.- Again I sat . up ; the sound ceased. I lay down.; it -?? -was audible again. ? Suddenly; the ' obvious explanation flashed across me. Some stupid practical joker had put a \- musical box inside my pillow. L was .delighted with my discovery, and the ''.words, ' strong common sense,' 'not to i le imposed upon,' 'hard-headed man. of business,' and so on, once more floated pleasantly through my brain. I '?'?' jumped out of bed, hugging the guilty pillow to me, and listened ; but all was -silent. Perhaps it required the pressure ' of the head to start the music. I squeezed it, sat upon it,- thumped . it ; tout all to no purpose, except to make ..my lower extremities once more ex tremely cold, and to satisfy mysolf that, ;*? wherever the secret might lie, it was not ?'in 'the pillow. As soon as I lay down the Bound was ' Tagain audible, and this time I c&uld; hear *vnot only the crooning lullaby sound, ? but a wailing also, as though of a child S?'in pain. 'Good heavens !' I exclaimed — for I ,. was gradually coming round to the . *' ghostly hypothesis — ?' then there are two r,|jhq8t8!' .?',.. I had almost made up my mind to one ghost of some sort ; but I didn't feel ''called upon to tackle two mnglo handed, i while at the same time I felt an intense . x desire to get to the bottom of the matter '?' '- — if, indeed, it had a bottom at ? all. HastilyBlippingonmy clothes, I knocked fit jnj crother-in-law'e door. 'What is it?' murmured a Fjieepy voice. ? That is just what I am trying to find out, and I want you to conie and help me. Tell Mary not to disturb herselr, for there is nothing whatever to be alarmed at — merely a curious sound which I want to account for.' « All right,' said Tom ; ' I'll be with j\\-u in two minutes.' And in little more he and Mary too — for she would not bo left behind — wero in my room. They heard my story, and listened to the sound, which still presented the Bame phenomenon of being only audible when the head was laid upon or close to the pillow. 'We had searched the room in vain, when Mary's woman's wit5.ga.ve her an idea which our slower masculine intellects might, unassisted, never have hit on. ' How stupid we are ?' she said. ' Of course that sound is not really here at 'We looked at her in blank amazement. ' I mean,' she said, ' that it really comes — that it is tele^ — what do you call it? — telephoned from somewhere else, through the wall.' . ' A yery good idea,' I said. ' 'What room is under this ?' * The library,' said Tom. ' Then let us explore the library.' As quietly as we could, we went downstairs and examined the library; but without result. ' Nothing here,' I said. ' Now then, what is on tho other side . of that wall upstairs ?' ' Nothing on the same level with your room,' replied Tom. ' There is a sort of shed or lean-to against the back wall, but it doesn't go so high as the upper story.' ' Then we must explore the lean- to,' I said. ' 'We shall find nothing there,' said Tom ; ' it's full of hay, to the best of my belief, and the door is padlocked ; but we'll explore ifc if you like. I'll get the stable lantern.' ' I shall come too,' said Mary. ' I should be twice as nervous if I were left alone here.' 'We paused in the hall to slip on all the extempore wraps available; and then, Tom having lighted his lantern, we made our way round the house to the door of the shed. off; but it's little consequence, for there's nothing to steal : a lot of hay and a few gardening tools — that's about the whole inventory. Why, good heavens ! what's this ?' Tom, as he spoke, had chanced to turn tho light of tho lautern on the ground, and there, curled up iu the hay, lay a boy about iivo years old, with a girl some two years younger in his arms, both sound' asleep. Mary's motherly arms were round them in a moment. ' Poor little innocents !' she said. ' What a blessing we have found them. I wonder they are not dead of cold or hunger. They very soon would have been. Poor dear little souls ! Here. Tom, that rug. I'll take the girl ; now you take the boy. Let us get them into the house as quick as we possibly can.' 'And what am I to do?' I said. ' You two seem to carry off all the honours of the discovery.' ' Never mind, John,' said my siBter, with a saucy glance over her shoulder, ' you shall carry — the lantern.' And I carried the lantern accordingly. ' Well, we haven't caught the ghost,' said Tom, as we rounded the corner of the house ; ' hut still, if it hadu't been for the ghost we shouldn't have found these two youngsters.' ' No,' I said, ' we haven't found the ghost.' ' AVe have found the ghost, you silly fellows,' said my sister. ' What you heard, John, was this poor little soul crying, and her dear little brother try ing to hush her to sleep.' At this moment the little girl woke up with a piteous face, and said, ' Mammie !' 'We'll take you to mammie,' said Mary, kissing the little outstretched hand. The child gave one sleepy look into the kind eyesthat bent over her, and, fully satisfied, tucked a little cold hand under Mary's soft plump chin, and went to sleep again instantly.' . ' But how could I hear that up in my room?' I said.- ? ?.?:.!' ? 'Ah, that is for you scientific gentle men to discover.1 But I'm quite sure I'm right.' , , ? ?» ? And we ai'terwards discovered that she was right. A very old and; dry, piece of timber passed up -the 'wall fromthe spot' where the two children had been lyinff,'' 11/rid termiuatflcl ijiist behind the' bedhead in. the room above ; and we found .by experiment' that ; any sound below was. conducted from the one point to the othor. ?',» . In such commonplace fashion ends my onlyghost Btory.'' How the little babes in the wood were forthwith' fed with warm milk and bread, and popped into warm baths, and, then cuddled to sleep in the kind of arms of sister Mary and cousin Kate ; and how they were claimed in the 'morning by a half distracted mother, . after, having been missing from home, r.evmo miloo distant, over six-and-thirty hours ; and the' joy of the poor mother' oh' receiving' back her little ones safe and sound; and the gifts and the kisses which they .carried away with thmn ; all these must bo left to the reader's imagination ; but It can tell him that, they mado that particular Christmas, to all concerned, the moat gloriouB Ghrinrmaa that has' ever been spent in the memory of man. _?'.-: It iB many years :ago since then. 'The 'dear old lady' has, gone to her rest, and my hair, is, as white aa heisiwas then, jfcate Loraino is Kate Broadwood now, and -two strapping -boys call her ' Mamma.' She hao taken to ' caps,: but her smile in aa sweoi'as ever. '.' ' '' ' .Mabel andEtllo have lasses' of their own, who doiinueer,orfer * TJncle John' just as unmercifully as their mothers did before them. : Tom and Mary will still keep up tho good , old custom 'of a famiiy gathering at; (Jhrisfross Eve. And ii h'aa Ijocomc r, regular thing that in the '' diirnnetR,' ' just before , the candles are lighted,' Uncle John shall tell a story. En eh year he struggles with liib tyrants ; each year ho pleads at least to bo allowed to tell eome other Btory j but in Tain ; he is compelled—; nothing extenuating — to recount the full, true,- and particular history of ' The Ghost at the Grange.' AarQEix) J. Lewts. 