GHOSTS OR NO GHOSTS. Br J. 0. "Oh, I don't beliavo in ghosts and hannted houses at all. It is all bosh and nonsohso, only dreams of a sickly end dopravod imagina tion. . , "And why, pray, do yon not boliovo?," uuiu ixn, -JJV yuu quuuMua iij uuuuuuu ui tho impopsib.llity or tho improbability? If you tako it oh tho former coora yoa will find oomo difiloulty in your, proof, if you admit that thoro is anything beyond tho material — a somothing intangibio to tho outward senses ; if yoa advance tho improbability, why you know as well as I do that you know nothing, absolutely, nothing, abont tbo matter'; and \- never will know until itris too lato for ao to bonoflt from what you havo loamed." 1 " " It iB' uboIcss argcing about it. It muBt bo simply pnt ont of doors." : "Woil," my dear follow, " if that ia tho way wo mast look at thiB question, fwhat "oloo can wo say about, tlrn thonsahd. and one othor qncstions whloli' arioo, from tho unknown. Kcmombor, your acopticism in only ol a vory rooent dato, and ia a part of that groat plagao of doubting whioh assails other dogmas yoa would loco your right band sooner than fore swear, Fow philosophers, cither ancient or modern, doubt the- possibility of oxistqnoo apart from tho oontiugonoy'of matter—' " ' "O, hang it, man, don't , talk psyahology., Webolong to apraotioal'ago, and I am not going to beliovo overy old Roman's talc, whon oho is terrified out of her sonooa by tho aour- rying of a rat over tha floor, ortho scratching of .a mouse bohind tho wainsoot My own experience ia ovldsaao against it ouflloient' to my mind." "Well, if yon want an oxporimontal proof I am glod I oon give it to yon." " You 1 why I novor thought yon hold con verse with tho invisiblo. Barely to goodness you'ro not a medium 1 " " No matter what I am, I will givo yon a ohanoo of putting yonr soeptioiam to the proof— that Is, yon - know, it yoa aro willing, forto tell thotratb, without qaostionlng your own oonrago in the least, I have found yon sceptics not too eager to tost tho trath when tho opportunity is ollorcd you. Alt and I wore seated in one of the fino old hoasoa of Narthorn Tasmania— ona of thoso houses whioh remind ns so maob'of tha " ntatoly homos" of the old ooantry. Tho early oolonists of tho " Tight Iiittla Inland " were thorough Britons, and oarried with thom all tho' Englishman's idoas of oomfort and stability. . Cairnstook House might havo been takon bodily by soma genius liko Aladdin's slave, and plaood in tho middle of Yorlrshlro or Sarreyvandno otrangor would havo notioed maoh difforonoo botwean it and its neighbors, unless that its broad vorandah wonld look a' littlo incongruous in a country where thoy think so maoh of the sun rays that thoy.ro- ooivo nil they eon of them, ondintoroopt Hons that will eacapo a paraeol or nnibrella. Tho earronndings were piotaresqao ia tho extreme. At tho bottom of a eloping lawn thoro fiowed a broad, silont rivor, whioh had in its im- petaons youth leaped ovor a preoipioo' and thnndorod in rapids, but now glided calmly and majostioally through wido meadows and nhdnlatmg woodlands. Bobind tho house \- thohilla roso tior alter tier, until thoy oal- minatod in a peak, whose summit always iooeivod tho oarliost wintor'o buow. I.t was a lonaly enough position, however, as the nearest neighbor woo ton miles away. Alt and his sister lived in tho old house, and gracefully played host and hostess to many fuosts. I had mot thom in Paris. Ona San- ay morning while enjoying a contemplative oigar on tha top of Napoleon'e Aro Do Triomph.nnd ouryeying tho unrivallod urban viowa which can bo oanght from that position alone, I was attraoted by a silvery langh, whioh oomo from tha rosiest lips in that city ol tbo beautiful. Ada aud her brother Alf Meadows had boon liko mysoli admiring tho magnificence of tho Qooen oity. As they wore strangers I did tho gnidoto thom, and pointed ont tho beauties of tho Tuilories, tho Louvre, tho Invalids and tbo othor show places. We bccamo friends, and it was. not very long until I fairly sacoamfaed, and was tho devotod elavo of tho boaatifnl Ado. Certainly I was a littlo takon ahaok whan I discovered my acquaintances camo from tho opposite sido ol tho world, bnt " lovo oonqners all things," and space in tha bargain, and before wo had knpwn each othor oix months I was ready not only to risk a aixtoon thousand miles journey, hot ovon veritable transportation' Stoolf , provided I coald olaim her aa 'say own in tho end. I bad arrived at' Cairnstook Hoaso tho very day (23rd December) on whioh tho fore going conversation had takon place, and eomowhat anozpeotedly, as I baa completed somo business in Mclbonrno moro qaiokly than I had hoped. Ada had gona to sea somo friends, and was not expected homo until tho next day, and I had to ha contented with tho .company of hor brother, a door, good friend, bat scarcely a satisfactory substi tute. After dinner I hpppouod to say that tho position- and ourraunaings of tho houso would bring to mind ono of thoso hanntod establishments of whioh old country folk think thoy havo tha monopoly. I was oar- prised to sco my brathcr-<n-/ufuno tako tho mattor, as tha French say, au prani t crieux, and ootnally consider -tho possibility of spiritual manifestations. As this was so foreign to his asaal dovil-mo-ooro characteris tics, I ventured on tho inovitabla ohafl, bat was still moro astonlohod at seeiog Alt'o faoa loeo all its bnoyanoy, and assnma something vory liko - tha aspoot of fear. I had not tho slightest idea of what ho meant by his final proposal, and aoked him to explain himsolf. Ho remained for oomo timo in deep thought and at last said: "Yon have a right -to know all abont it, and therefore as it is a family matter I shall toll yoa, though -whon yoa have heard tha atory yon will understand why wo don't mnoh care to speak abont it to ouleidors. Hs pansod again and then proceeded : " My grandfather oamo ont to Yon Dioman'o Land, among tho earliest of the oolonists. Ho had bean in the army, and therefore very easily got all the fino ldnd whioh you can seo for miles around us. The olimato of tho oountry suited him and hiB family well, and indeed it wonld havo been a wonder if tho old warrior had not contented himself in snoh a oountry after bis life of toil and battle. Unfortunately ho hod all the sternness and harshness of the eoldtsr, and those were, exaggerated by the position of absolute masterdom in whlah he fonnd him solf. Yoa ore aware, I suppose, that the con victs were assigned as servants throughout the colony, bnt yon are not awaro that' in nihoty-hine oases ont of a hundred the un fortunates wero the Blavos, and nothing else, of their masters. Certainly they wore tho very outcasts and dregs of sooioty, dograded by overy sort of crime and ready for any description of villainy. There is eoarooly a square mile of Tasmania whioh has not its taio of murder and outrage, and I remember uu tuo wilulu iub gjuuoms uu wiusu wore hong in.ahoins. tho bodies of many an outlaw and bushranger. Bat thoso wretches ware men at least, and thoy were treated as brute beasts, and we need soaroely say they gave beasts' service. You aannot conceive the horror which this lovely island witnossod — mnoh lose can yon conceive the canoes whioh in many instances occasioned if they did not aooonnt for them. " My grandfather for a long time had very littlo trouble with hia sorvants. The strict discipline to whioh he aaoastomed everyone mado him foared and respeoted by all around him, bnt gainod him littlo good will amongst his dependents. Amongst his assigned ser vants there was one who had contrived to worm himself a littlo into tho oonfldenee of his master by sneaking and tale-bearing on hie fellows. It is one of the misfortunes, or, rather, the penalties of slavery that itinsen- sibly vitiates the choraatcr of tba masters themselves. Tho old ; soldier who detested anything liko moannoss, tolerated worso than meqnncBs in tho people, whom ho looked npo'n as inferior animals, and he thought Limping Jos a vory asolnl creature. Joe; on the other hand, hated the Colonol with all tho vonom of a depraved hoart. The Colonol believed in tho oat, and Joe had sworn to be ravongod for overy weal scored on his book, and they wera not few. Tha villain meditated no small revengo. It wonld havo been easy to havo met tho old man alone, bnt tho ahancca of a struggle with him wera desperate, and bcoidea bio onddon. death wonld havo boon a poor satisfaction for tho years of oppression at whioh it must bo confessed my grandfather was an adept. " A fresh sorvant was brought from Hobart at tho vory timo Limping Joo'o sohomoe wero taking shape in his hoad. Tho-now-oomor -woo. a man who had bcon conviotod of oon-. no orion with ooxnotrado. outragoin.Bhofiiold. It was a etrango timo that, when mon were driven from homo aud all thoy pyfid for tho mOrest trifio, or il they chawed .the slightest opposition to tho alLpowcrif?l ojjgarqhy. Tho miofortunoB of bis' lifo hod notnirally soared >oor Ned Williams, and tbo unlucky- wretch mdeome to tho very worot placo foroympathy. My grandfather would allow nothing bnt the most ordinary communication botwcoQ hia eorvanto and his family, nnd tho yonng fellow, innocent ns ho was proved to be, was left to breed ovor tho injuotico of tho world '.without a word- of conoolation or a toaoh of klndneeq. No wondcf that thoro was nothing on' his sido but sollcn submission, and. on my -grandfather's a determination to 'drivo tho dovil oat of ' him.' " By all- accounta Colonol Moadows mado Cafrnatook. a holl to poor Williams. Tho Colonol was a magistrate. You will seo. a largo tree on tho opposite sido of tbo took i court, aud rioar'it a uctMb.ed building. The building io tho' ' old Bridowoll . to whioh 'prioonoro were consigned before facing Bent to Hobart, and, Heaven help us, it was rarely, without a tenant. That big treo nnd that paltry houso oonld toll some awful tales if wo oonld givo them tongues. ' " Tho Colonol had two children, a girl and a boy, both of whom ho loved passionately, as men- such as ho somotiines do; but he cspeoially adored tho lovely littlo Ada, tho vory applo of his eye. You will know whence my sister gats her nnmo. . Mattore grow worso and worse for Williams, and Limping Joe watohed everything with a tiger's eye, About this time there wore re ports that a strong body of bashrangors who had kept tho western parte of the island in terror nail oomo northward, and then Joe, taking advantage of tha dospoir and wrotohed- noes whioh possessed Williams' Boal, tempted him to join thom. Williams scoing nothing bat a lite of misery or self-destruction boforo him oonsontad, and ono night thoy Battled to start tho next day for tha mountains, and appointed a plaoo of mooting. On that next day little Ada was fonnd doed on tho bank of tho river, and her lovoly body was mutilated almost boyond recognition. A bloody knifa was fonnd nosr, and ovsry one reoognised it as having bolongod to Williams. Ho was not to be fonnd, ana of course tho erime was at onoo laid at hia door. Certainly tha attend ing eiranmstancos wont far to prove his guilt, and at that timo maoh lose would havo established it in the eyos of freo oolonists. No one in the harry and eonfusiofa eoemod to notioo tho ohsonco of Limping Joo. Thoro was at that timo ono of tho aborigi nals banging abont tha station. We havo contrived to civilise thom off tho foco of tho earth, so you will not havo a ohanoo of seeing a spcaimon. His oorvlbcs as a traokerwero immediately employod, and soon tboro was a strong party in pursuit. I nood give yoa no dotsils. It will bo onough to tell you that tho fagitivos wore overtaken, and after a fierce straggle Williams was severely woandod and mado prisoner. Joe asaaped for the time, end as it was thonght the murderer was hard and fast na vory aativo pursuit was made after his companion. " Theoaptivo was brought here and thrown into that Bridowoll. Tho anfortnnato wretch, eovered with wounds and with a leg brokon, was a miserabla sight. Whon ho was aoonsod of the crimo ho denied it in tho strongest manner, bat his jadgos ware prejudiced, and ho was alone. Thoir passions wore oxoitod, and somo ono moro bratal than tho rest pro posed to roost tho prlsonor or mako him oon- foes. I can scarcely bear to toll yon tho ond. Good God I how unlimited powor brntelizos not Tho wonnded man was dragged before a largo fire beneath that treo, and hang ap by tho arms from ono of tho bongns, oxpoood, to tho doublo torture of tho firo and of his idjarics. I can not imagine that tho oxooutioners really moant moro than to oxtort a confession, bat whothor thoy moant more or not tho miser- ablo man was not oat down nntilhlssoosos had forsaken his wretched body.' As they dragged him book to tho look-ap ho partially recovered, and oooing my grandfather near hs aarsed him and his, and prayed that neither his son nor his son's son ehonld ovor livo to rcooh his own ego. Tho poor fallow's body was foond cold, stiff, and still in tho coll— dono to death by onr omnisaicnt law. Tho very noxt day came his freo pardon, his entire inno cence of tho crimo in Shofileld having been proved. A short timo brought tho confirma tion of hie innoconoo ol tho murder also. Limping Joo joined tha bushrangora jnst In timo to share in a' fow depredations and in their opccdy rein. Ho was shot down, and had barely time left to confess that hs was tho mardcrer of little Ada, and that to koop suspicion from himself ho had' nood WfiliamB' knifo to do tho deed. "Those fow bald particulars will pot bb ouffloiont to mako you realiso tho borriblo truth.. Ono almost doubts the goodness of tho Creator whon wo puzzle ourselves to find why ouah things oon bo. Tho Bhsre poor Williams had in this world was a very poor one, and I would give all thoso broad lands that no ona oi my blood had helpod to mako his part in - Ufa mora wretched. Somotfanoa I think that his oarso mast have faUon on ns. My father had. barely reaohed thirty-five —William's ego was ahoat that— whon his deed body was washed ap by the rivor near tho Bpot where his Bister's had boon found yoors before. Our poor mother did not snr- vivo him long, and we were loft to the strangers' care. In all the southern hemis phere we have neither kith or kin to oaro for ns or feel iorns. Can it bo the curse?" Tho otory affooted mo more than I oared to acknowledge. Englishmen ore not olton brought teoo to fooe with Buoh horrors. But I was not going to lot a simple story so cosily undermine my foredrawn oonoluoions, and I said to All: ' "It is certainly a moot painful incident to bo even remotely oonnootod with, bnt yon will ooarcoly bring mo. to boliovo that tho actors in the tragedy have not .something better to do than return to tha soone. Is it said yonr littlo Bridewell is hannted? To bo sure -there aren'tmany plaaca that deserve it more." " You may judge for yonrsolf if you like," said Alf, " bat I give yon fair warning. I wonld not pass a night there for a kingdom. I have dono it onoo, and onoo is cnongh in a Ufo-time." " Well, I shaU try it this vory night. Ada. wiU not bo homo until to-morrow, ond I may as woU spend the timo anravolilng tho secret." " AU right; and if you do so no ono wiU thank yon more heartily lor anything than I ohaU for this." Tho conversation tnrned on other topics, bat Ail's spirits scorned to have feUon to zoro, and graduaUy wo becamo silent. I watohed tho lengthening shadows of tho treoe pass slowly over the lawn as tho sun dipped towards tha western hills, and contrasted in my own mind the. oold and dreary Christmas landsoapa of England with tho gorgeous briUianoy of the ooeno boforo mo. I was so absorbed in this that it was with a sudden- start I heard threa rapid knooksjOBt as the sun disappeared bohind a distant peak. I jumped to my foot at onoo, and was raihor surprised that Ail took no notioo. unless, a olokly Simla on his lips betrayod his. having heard it. " What wno that ?" said I. "Oh, nothing I" said hoi "or, rathor, 'something wo ore pretty woU oooustomed to." 01 conrso I oonld not show too mnoh cariosity, yot I could not help fooling oomo- thing unoanny, bnt this gradnaUy wore away undor tha oombincd influence of a stiff glass of toddy and tho soothing smoko of n frag rant Havannah. Moantimo whatever Uttle preparations wore necessary tomakothcJsoUtaryBndawoUtonant- ablo for a night had bosn mads boforo sun- dawn, and All told mo protty plainly that I ehonld havo littlo ahanao'of company, unless tho ghostly, as not a man, woman, or- ohfid, for miles aroand would venture near tho Httlo building foritswoightingold. This, howovor, was not going to dotsr mo, .and that night I was a lodgorin q placo wbioli oonld not boast of ono boforo, daring moro than fifty years. CHAPTER H. . There are two nlassesof saeptias with re- gard to epiritual manifestions. The first simply ignores everything that wonld Boom to savor of proof. Buoh oztraordinary .oironm. atanooa as Lord Brougham relates in hia Autobiography, are to thong moroly ovidonocs ol a disordered livor, or at tho hoot, only' vogpo proofs of oomo affinity between mortals not depending qn material oziatenco, tho oxaot extent of which ooisqco will dotormino in.tho lulncoe of time. Tbo othor olaea will aoknowiedgo tho possibility of .communica tion botweou tho othor world and this, but doabt that thoro aro Isolated usees of snoh communication. Thoy say with fair onoogh reasoning, that tho bonoflt to mankind would ' ba so great that it granted at all it wonld bo nnivorsal. Now, I belonged to tho termor class. Of courso my eduoation had led ma to speculate on theories whiofa havo boon boforo tho world for centuries, but my conclusions wore widely different from tho snpornotural. Tho Lucre- tian doctrlno of a present mini! in- matter seemed to mo to satisfy all tlio demands of so-called spiritual nfaonomena, nnd whore wo coold not comprehend, wo could tako thai doctrine as tho baeis of oar investigations My oxporionoo had. novor givon mo an oppor tunity. of putting ray theory to any tost, and it was somothing akin to ploasuro I fonnd at hand a ohanoo- of testing tho mattor. Tho ovidont oincoioty of my friond assured mo that, oo far at .loast as ho was concerned, thoro ' woo nothing approaohing imposition, bat this did not oonvinco ma that there was no impasiiion eisowhore. If human beings had anything ta do with an attempt to frighten tho etrangor, I was determined thoy wonld not got off soot tree. I took with mo a faithful littlo ravolvor, nfaioh had done mo good service on tha Uppor Nilo. Tho littlo building wos a plain structure two otorios high, evidently formed with a view- to strength. Tho uppor storey hnd been tho prison. Tho prisoners wore Bconred in n vory primitivo fashion. Tho apper storey was reaohed by a ladder and trap-door, to whioh wero etill attaahed tho rusty remains of tbo anaiont fastenings. This moans of confinement oertainly saved the trouble of tbo warders who took possession of the lower ohsmbcr, bnt there was little need of con stant watoh and ward. A stratohor bed, a tablo and a firo wero all tha preparationo mado for my reception— tho firo only to givo somo oboerfnlocss to tho .desolate ooeno, as tho weather woo worm onongh. I bad pro vided myself with both an ordinary lamp and a small boll's oyo lantern, and to oooupy my mind had bronght a oopy of Horaoo, whoso sterling oommon-eonso and manliness, wonld, I thonght, provo an antidote to any montal vagaries. I first mounted a crazy Iaddor, and tho. roughly examined tho upper ohambor, but fonnd nothing — absolutely nothing. Tho poor prisoners hod not oven a ray of light to gUdaon thom. . Than was not oven a slit in the thiok masonry to admit a stray suabeam. Verily onr fathoirs wore men of iron. Tho inspection did not tako long to com- Eiote, and I turned to tbo trap-door to descend, at as I oamo near I saw it gradually fall ovor, and that, too, without any noiso, tbocgh it areokod load enough whon I first pashed it from benoath. Down it Bank gradnaUy qs if tho moving power supported it in its deseent, not as it it had received ono impales and then dropped of its own weight. Ofeonrso the timo taken was not safflmont far ma to reason on the matter. I oonld only grasp for tho moment tho bare faat that tlio door was ohat and that I had probably neglootod to pnoh it uphlgh enough. Passing my fingers through on opening at tho sido I Soiled and pulled with all my 'might, but tho oor resisted ovary effort. Again aud again. I tried in overy direotion without any sucooss, ond I hadcomo to the eonoiusion that by. oomo moans or other it had got jammed, and I should havo to spend my night on tho bare boards, when it suddenly flew open with snoh vlolenco that I was almost doshod against tha wall, and at theoamo moment I hoard what I can only dcsoiibo oo tho ooho of q hoarao laugh, hut whore it camo from I could not oay. I am not ashamed to -confess that when-I got to tho foot of tho Iaddor. I ooriously dollboratod whothor or not I ohould givo up .the enterprise, but tho fear of chaff, whioh makes many a man a horo, prevailed, and I determined to boo it ont. I throw myself, dresecd as I was, on tho littlo hod. At its head was tho tablo, on which wore placed the lamp, tho revolver, and my watoh. I oottlcd down to ono of tho Satires, and for a timo forgot whore I was. Jnst as my eyes began to fool hoavy I was ro- caUsd to fall oonooionsnbss by observing a po- collar hazo grow aronnd tho lamp. Ono minnte boforo it burned bright and clear, now, though the flame was .stiU there, it eoemod robbod of its light. I quickly sat npon tho bed, and with something like terror saw tho blaze of both lamp and firo overwhelmed by a palpable darkness. Tho darkness approaobed slowly, ao if it was a bodily entity, and bit by bit oonquored its onomy, jnst as a thiok mist oovera tho londsoapo after ennsot. I tolt its approach, but if I oonld have gainod a king dom by doing so I could not move a single limb. It approached from aU sides, and just as its most opaqne part reached the table something like an immense bond was sent forth and enveloped revolver and watoh be fore my eyes. My Benses were painfaUy aoate, and I thonght laonld hear tho ohnk of the ohain of tho latter when it was raiBod from the table. I myself woo forced baakwardasif by a mighty weight, bat felt no weight, or ovon toaoh. For soma seconds Hay withfant moving, bnt bending ovory powor of my mind to reaist, I would nqt tear. Then I was conscious of tha hod floating in tho air, though I aould perceive no motion. Iteoon settled again, but I thonght ia a different position, and I immediately scorned to rooover oome power over my limbs. I tried to pisros the surrounding darkness with staring eyes, hut I felt aB if the blackness olothed everything like a positive envelopo, and for tho first tuna I realised "a. darkness whioh could ba felt," not moroly a negative want of light. From one part, however, I was convinood all those manifestations pro ceeded. It was like a centre of operation, and to this part I dlreotod all my attention. Without any relief in the snrroariding dark ness, I fonoied tho obscurity horo becamo in-, tenaifled arid the othor parts fay contrast less dim. Soon it took Shape— indefinite, -bnt otlll a shape, and at tho oamo instant a larid' glare tinged the extremities and gave'a horrid prominenca to tho indistinct moss. Like tho phantasms of a favor it revolved within itsolf; and the horror. of its possibili ties wore in my mind a thousand times more dreadful than tho. reaiitioo. One minnte, and , thoro ; etruak my ears the shrill scream of a' child, which onrdlod the blood in mv veins, and thon the revolutions and contor tions redonbled. Soon I hoard the hoarse ories of anger, minglod with tbo groanB and sobs of one in mortal agony, and tho heavy -tread of man in tbo obnmbsr abovo, and the Biokoning thump, thump as of a body dragged roughly over the floor, filled my ears. The huge indoflnito masB seemed tho origin and source from whioh all this aroso. To me it took the form ol an irrevocable destiny. ' Notwithstanding all these horrors I retained my senseB, and oven tried hard to speonlato on them. That I . was in tha immediate presence of oomo awful power I know; that it oould Injure mo I doubted, so long as I was true to myself. Tho greatest torture I en dured woo tho oonsoiousnoss of .my own im potence. I oonld only passively resist my spiritual faculties being weakened by human disabilities. What I saw dimly appeared the reflection of. the evolution of on inovitablo fate.' Whilo these thoughts crossed my mind the mass before me bocamp more and more distinct, as tho ob.'euto terms nl a mania lantern gradually assume ehapo on the illu- mined livid, ami lliero stood out in relit-f .ni faco with the features writhed and (listf,r!fi'.r\ with ""nny and hate. The looo did not eoeni' to r pros nt tho mass as tho human faco rep. resents ihomsn. Itsbemedrethoranemana. tion or product of it. I was horror struck by its expression but did not tear it. It gradnaUy faded and gavo placo to a succession of ghastly appcaranoes, eaah of whioh retained human ohnraotoristios, bat a thousand tlmos more repulsive than tho creation of a nightmare. AU this time I was ondeavoring, with all my etrongth of will, to psrsnede myeolf that what I looked at woo nothing bnt a waking vision without reality— a dismal fanoy, bat I dared not, however, attempt to spring op and dispel the illusion. I oanght myself hoping that tha horrid din might bring some ono to my asslatanoo, and thonoxt moment X doubted if anyono save myself could hoar it. From tha vory foot that I oonld reason on tho mattor, I judged I was regarding a rcaUty, not tho phantasmagoria of dehtaion. Tho whirling of tbo centre etUl continued, '. end gradually it eoemed to tako tho term of a ohUd with long fair hair, bat a glow aroand tho hoad revealed tha features a moss of wonnda, and a brood deep gach from ear to oar. Tho eight for an inatant almost on- manned me, and I felt my oonrago to endora almost forsaking my heart aotaaUy. I bopod for insensibUity as a roUof from this mental tbrtaro. By oomo intnition I. seemed at this momont to gain an insight into tha hidden meaning. . I thonght I looked npon thojfate of tba house to wbieh I was about to aUy myself, at least its fate in aonnootion with that plaoo. Tha mythology of anolont Grecoo and Borne gives ns many instances of pieces being nnder tha dircot infincnoo of eomo occult powor, sometimes benevolent, mors frequently male- volent or ooprioious. The folk-lore of Gerr many, of Ireland, of Sootland, and indoed of oU countries, tells nsot the awfal power of theso genii loci. Why then il then is tho slightest grounds for snoh traditions shonld theso countries not havo thom as woU as thoso longer known? Tbo maUgn inflasnos with whioh thoy are orodited in Enrqpo may bo quits as active in Australia, and thoy may havo revonged themselves for some fancied Blight on tho family of my host and of my fotnro wib. It is strongs that snoh thoughts, and indued eonolUBions, ehonld forco themselves on my mind at such a momont. I seemed, howover, ' ' at this stage to havo beoomo on indifferent spectator, end by tbo force of logio to havo reoonoilod myself to look upon this horrid opparition as ono having no poreonl interest in its significance, hot I was mistaken. Suddenly, the darkness lifted liko tbo fleecy cloud boforo the morning breezo. Tho scene enlarged and I eaw tho deop river .as it flowed poet tho Cairnstook meadows ; but, great Hoavoual in tho stream, struggling for lite and beating tho waters with ineffectual blows, - I saw my dear friond, my brother. God of Heavone 1 was it a foot, a present disaster, or tha premonition ol a future fato ? Madly I .struggled to hnrl myself from my eouob, bnt I was bound to it as it by soven-fotd oords, and had to gazs helpless wbllo tho white ghastly tees roso and sank again and again until tha waters slowly rippled ovor his head, and tha dark shadow bccamo mora and more obscure in tbo oold depth of the stream. Tho ioy evreat of horror sprung from overy pore, and I fanoied tho eound of hideous mocking laughter— tho laughter ol fiends — filled aU the apaoo around. I was powerless — powerless, and oould not even summon courage enough to pat an ond to my agony, fay active resistance. Tho rivor eceno thon ohangod, and a die. tinotviowot tho Hoaso appeared, hot how different! Tho flames gashed from every window. Tho chimneys tottered and threat- ened tho roof-troo, across whioh the stealthy fire spread slowly as il sore of its prey. Bat ', 1 whom did I ess at ono ol tho windows girt with a dreadful oirolo of lambent flame ? Tho glowing eddv lioke bar term, and hor glorious hair in shrivelled at tho touoh. Boon the bright term will bo in its deadly embrace, . and my Ada, my life, my soul—. Human nature oould etand no more. I shrieked an agony, and threw out my hand. It was clasped in cold, deadly Angara, and , from tho oxtremity of-' the nails to the shoulder a chill as of. tho grave struck to tha ' very marrows. I remember no more. When my senBoe wero restored, Ada was leaning over my bed, her sweet countenance .' : betraying the anxiety she felt, and Alf, with misery in every feature, stood watching me. He bitterly blamod himself, and was blamod by his siflter for allowing mo to snbjeot my self to auch an ordeal, but I maintained that only myself was in fault,' if any fault thoro were. It was anything bat a merry Christ-. ' mas wo spent. I related what I saw to Alf, and he seemed streak with my theory of ao- counting for tho phenomena. " I may tell yon," said he, " that on that qwful night I spent in that room I saw everything that yon saw, with tha exception .. of my own appearanae. That the two of ns ehonld have the same oxporionoo iB some- thing more than extraordinary. You incan to.saythatprobably the influeuao, whatever it may be, is only Ideal, and il we should re- move from this wo ehonld have peaoe." "At any rate I think so, ana it is simply neoless to attempt to reason on snoh a thorns. It is one of those things whioh - onr philosophy cannot comprehend. I give yoa my word, my Ado, with my will, and , pleasure will never re-enter this, houso alter she onoe loaves its door in my company. Indeed, I . ehonld prefer that our marriaga ohould tako place immediately in Laofaeseton, and, dear Alf, you will, I am Bure, agree with me that alter that dreadful night I havo not muah -nrosDGot Of nbebe. of mind In thin oountry at all, beautiful oa it is." Ada and I were married a week after. Wo persuaded All to remove to Viotoris; and ho easily got rid of tho old Btation. ' There is ono sobjoot wo rarely spook about, and that is- . the old Bridewell at Cairnstook House. This is my story, and I leave tha wise to . account for what I have related. The -fool may say it is all nonsense; the man of tho world may say, a dtoam of feverish qxoite- mont, bnt the sage will say, there is more things in Nature than we dream of in our philosophy. The Emperor of Austria has just presented tho Saltan ol Turkoy with- six white horses of romarkabla symmetry and beauty. Theso horses arooi Spanish breod whioh exists only - in tho Emperor'B stad, who possesses now onlyadozoo. TwoBUperbsoteofharnesswara sent with each horso. THE FOX AND KETTLE. ' ; "Vb'm A nLioHODinn, nn vn mi. in , , 