[?] r 2i TAtiBiOF LONDON OLD ClTyj j- : Chapters — Cosolusics i-ne strews m tne old city are dork de?erfels 4he detective and Wal sr TUaSI hftstecthrcugh them towards Crutched sS! jas etreet-laibps odst limited epes rt SR ,9i .lofty eountiug-uyueuH,; leaviag limitless nuw. ,6haa6i\t!iiH m above. The »2a2 thjie manfiions bare the blenkmae ol uu offica-ioEe .er|firfflty ?roeed; wa the greater doere S (heWsjhoaeee are foeteaed with'hnmn»a er pteeaaSift dsad secrets made safe" in rtbc custoiv S night. Not a word ia epakeo. The tWo men, earnestly bent on their search walk along with tha eohces of their footstenn sounding loudly la their ears; while the t£ 6d the pavement of Fenwick's stick falls with a muaicai ring, ak though it were gifted with ths power, like ajaagic wand, of chwino echoes a#a. When they presently stopS the entrance to tha. coanting-house S Armytageand Company, the detective pro duces a latchkey, opens the door, and leads the way into the house. As soon at Walter has entered and the door is closed behind him, Fenwick draws forth a dark -lantern which he flashes unceremoniously in "toe young elark's fade. ' I call this licht ' glw Fenwick, 'my eye/ ' K ' ya Walter stares at it, and blinks. 'It has peered into- and pierced through many a dark deed. Catch hold !' Walter, with trembling expectation, takte the lantern. — Throw the light upon the keyhole eria Fenwick. I w2l open the door.' He rattlex as he speaks, a bunch of keyB. ; Whielj keyhole first V Walter asks. 'The atroqg-room/ They pasa through the clerks' office ami reach the iron bcnSS door Of the etrdng-Yoom. The kSriSJ rusty with age rand when Fenwick Jst«i w/'rt! ? gra<inB inBide the look like the grinding of teeth. As soon at the" dderis thrown opeB, Waitec. with qatek-beaHng heart, flings the Iigfi forward into the room ; that strange fancy coming over him that his eyes will encounter tbe ghostly farm Of the old miser, as he hid imagined him that afternoon, wrapped in the white shroud, dancing round his heap of gold But finding nothing excepting dark walls, he boldly steps ih. The high stool beside the old desk, where he h&B; so often seen Silas Monk sitting and poring ever large ledgers, is vacant, and the ledgers are lying about oa the desk, closed. 'Now,' says Fenwick, 'give me the lantern/ Walter complies, and the detective flashes the light about from ceiling to floor. 8u£ denly the two men are startled by a stifled cry. Fenwick easts his lantern angrily ppa Walter's face, a3 though he suspects him of having attered it The elerk's eyes are ferret stricken, abtihis iacedeadly pale. What's thai?' asks the detective. I Walter clotches at Fenwick's wrist. 'It ft ory which I heard this afternoon/ # ' What do you meac ?' / Tbe light; of the lantern is still on Walter's 'face as he answer® : « I was seated at my desk. The ory oame from this room ; hot I thecght it 'Was a f oncy. At that moment : Mr. Armytage sent for mei and I was afraid, i if I mentioned it, that the clerks would laogh rat me.; f - ? -- ' 1 Why Tasks Fen wick, with surprise. 'Da You belie vein ghosts?' - I 1 N — no/ sayeWalter.-with some heritatibn, 4 But that ety did seem rather ghostly too/ ' Nohtense ! Tt is 8ilas Monk.' 'But it sotmded/ eontmued Walter, 'aB though it were in this room.' ' That's true.' __ Then it must be his ghost ; for there is co diving- being bete except ourselves. ' " k Feawidr again flashes the light from oeiliug to floor) as though to make 8ureio! tbis Then he says : Kneel down, ray lad. Plaos your ear ta the ground, and lieten.' ; Walter quickly obeys; end fer some minutes a dead sileUcd reigns in the stroing- voom. The beatinu cf his heart is afi that . Tiltcroft hears ; and all that he is other wis oonsoioaB of is that Fenwick's 4 eye' is wateh- Ing tjie side of his fade uppermost on the fiocw ag. he lies, there listening. Their patienca Is presently rewarded. Their ears jure filled with another cry, pitiable and mors prolonged. ? 4 Walter springs to his feet. 'It is there 1' he ories. ! ' Below ?' 4 Yes ; directly beneath cur feet.' \ Thefieteetive begins 0 examine the floor ing. Inch by inch the eye' wanders ever the ground. An antique threadbare drugget is moved on one side ; packets of papers, ledger, and lumber are shifted from oh corner to-anetfaer. At iast Fenwick lighte npon a oitoular hcle about tbe size of a crown- piece, scarcely an inch deep. Ah !' cries be. now we firs oh' the track/ ' He takes from ris pocket a penknife, scoops about, and wms vpp'sa : ting attached to the flodr. He puts his large- muscular thumb into this ung, and-givea a>jerk. A patch thr&e; or focr oet equaretohe bbardir ie dCUcbed. 4 A trap-door !' cries Fenwick. ' Stand dear.' So it meves-i« te«door,rhioh the detee- ive quiny rfevedicg pitoh-darkness ; in the ejgieniug/ jGo hdbw,%sd?bfi vifik j TU foUow/ Walter looks down, heritating. But when %ht is thfown Ahatway and he observes «tehi1badifik into the obscorite» te takes Ihsieaa/ Shrdesoflnt eeemsVna- slowly, as Fsnwiek.oeming ; dter him throws Iheff itoon him. Watt« hews the hted hthathing of the deteotive, ; «d it soonls so atthnge in tfiti -etiloess that to holds hiBown brcatbto listen. Sodded? ' he light from xhe lantern falls upon «<nt 1® hioh ters on the ground on aU 1 ituCwi ' J 'Gold .'' cries Walter. His feet touch the grounds Oq stoops and xdeks up a handfaj Hie plane is a vault, and it te pivel with gold.— What's that? H« points to Oomethuftg in one corner like 1 detective atepg forward and bead ibe gold, M'|i»oiwh yefleotion, -and? IB®: loqg lieah.fingers are clatehing sovereigns and raking them up. FenWiok touches the miser op tho shoulder. 4 What is all this ?' asks lie. fitTt yod lost your senses V - i- - The hid mail fitters a ery df dietreee which has inlt a ring of madness. - Speak to him, my lad, skid Fen wick. V4 He will perhaps recognise ybutvolcp/:, Walter kneels and takes the' old hpser'a hand. Mr. Monk/ says he, do' yon know me? I am Walter Tiltcroft/yonr friend ' Silas Monk looks op, bursts' into a wild fit of laughter, and then falls back Senseless; The deteotive lifts the old man in his strong arms as though handling a child. ASornd the ladder !' cries he quickly to Walter, 4 and show a light ; not a moment mnst be loBt in in getting the old man home/ , i Silas Monk was taken back to his' tumble, down dwelling in the dismal row, and was tended with all poeeible care by his devoted grand-daughter. His recovery to a certain point was rapid. Bat the mental, condition was curiously impaired. His brpui .had lost its force— no recollection of the past survived. His memory seemed to have fled into dark neis, and to be resting there and sleeping— a darkness into which It was safer not to admit a single ray of light. This was the bitter irony displayed by nature when granting to this old miser a further extension to his lease ot life. For time oat of .mind Silas Monk had been governed by a master passion— bis only thought that of hoarding gold The glitter, like sunlight, hacf pierced his cold heart, and had helped to keep it beating ; apd it would almost seem as thoughihe warmth which this gold had driven into his veins Still lingered there, and helped to sflBtain vitality, even when the memory which had given bufti to all this agitation was dead. It had been thought advisable by those who study the mysterious workings of the mind that gold should be concealed from the eight of Silas Monk, and, if possible, even the sound of it, in order that his memory might rest dormant and his life be prolonged. One evening the old man was seated in his armchair before the fire,, with closed eyes. Rachel sat on a low stools at his feet, hold, rug his hand. On the other side of the hearth was Walter Tiltcroft. IV alter/ said the girl in a low voice, 4 yoa hardly know how happy I am, now that grandfather can give me all his love. He thinks no more about his' — - IShe stopped, nod looked op at her grandfather's face, frightened that even the me at ion of gold should reach his ears. Ah 1' cried Walter with a sigh, ' how many are there, I wonder, in this old city whose minds would be less disturbed if that precious word wae forbidden to bo uttered la their presence? Does not yourgrand- father already look less pale and Haggard than he did a few weeks ago ?' 'Indeed he dees,' replied Rachel. ' Be re members both of us when we ark near him He seems to need nothing now except our affection.' Walter took the girl's disengaged hand and said : ' Rachel ! Let me He Hear, yon and him. Why should we not bo one, and watch over grandfather together?' At the young man's words, a look of raptnre crossed the girl's face. 4 Dear Walter,' cried she, 'that is all I wish. for in this world 1' She spoke like a .true , and tender woman — from her Heart. Seated there by that homely fireside, .with the only two beings who were dear to her, she never thought, or cared to think, that all the gold which Walter Tiltcroft. and the detective had found in the vault below the strongroom, in Orutched Friars wonld one. day belong to her — that, when her grandfather died, she wo aid he a greav heiress— worth, indead, some thousands of pounds. All : she thought of, with that look of raptnre in her face, was that she had gained Walter Tiltcroft' love. . . » . Meanwhile Joe Grim wood/having been accseed of the robbery in Orntchsd Friars, was tried, and convicted. Thereupon, ho made a fall confession. . For come days? before committing the theft he had watched Silas Monk from the scaffolding, after the rtat of the workmen had gone. Through a chiDk in the old shutter he had observed every movement of the old miser. He had seen Silas Monk raise the trap-doorf which led iuto the vault ; he had seen him descend with his lantern, and bring up hag after bag of gold, and poor it oat on the desk before him. Watching in Crntched Friars, after having been shown to the door by Walter Tiltcroft, he had seen the young clerk leave, the premises. Re- entering the honse by means of a key which he had taken the precaution to forge, he had gone straight to the strong- room, wnere ne naa met wun anexpeccea re sistance. Silas Monk had displayed, ac cording to Gizmrood'a statement, almost supernatural strength ; defending hie gold as a tigress defends her young ones, with a savage leap at the workman's throat. When utterly exhausted, Grimrood had carried Silas down into the vault, and had closed the trap-doot upon him Then, having plaoed all the gold; with which the desk waB covered into the bags, the bnrglar had decamped, making his way to the docks, and securing a berth on board an emigrant ship which was on the point of departure for the high seas. Thus it happened that, bnt tor the shrewd ness and energy of the detective, Job Grim- . rood would have started on a .voyage to. Aus tralia with, as it appeared nearly a thousand pounds in hard cash belonging to Silas ; and -the old miser himself wonld in all .probability have been left to die in the vault under tba strong- room in Crntched Friary and the mystery of Silas Monk' woold haVe remained a mystery to the present day. All this occurred some years ago, Silas Monk is long dead.; and Walter Tiifcorof t, who married the old miaer'a grand- daughter, is now a merchant-prince. He purchased, soon after the death of Mr. Armytege a partner ship in the great firm ; and thus the gold which old Silas had hoarded up in Grutcbed Friars proved the means, to -a great ex tent, of makice Walter Tilccroft's fortune.-— Uhaaibers's Journals 