THE UENDTGO ADVERTISER (1'UULISHKB DAILY.) progression, our rioiits, and our resources. SANDHURST, TUESDAY, NOV. 25, JSS4 THE GAME BILL. '■ Ttietiv, is a strong couliict of opinion on the subject of the proposed abolition of swivel and punt guns. Wo liavo supported it chiefly oil tlio ground of the great destruction of native game by tho use of tlieso weapons. It is argued, liowcvor, on the other side that by its prohibition a large nurabor of persons will be deprived of their means of subsistence. On this point testimony is given by a good many persons who have no personal interest in tho matter, and whoso veracity"] is unquestionable. This is a consideration which cannot bo entirely ignored. The occupation of supply ing the markets with wild fowl has becomo an established industry understood by those who have followed it for years to be legal and legitimate. They have, therefore, settled themselves in localities convenient for the prosecution of their pursuits, formed homes, and gone to the expense of pro viding themselves with guns, punts, and boats suitable for their purposes. Mr. Levien stated in Parliament last week that several families in his district would bo ruined if the Amended Game Bill were passed as it stands. It has also been represented that the saine results would follow in various parts of Gippsland and other districts. We confess, therefore, that whilst wo desire to see the wild fowl protected such statements induce us to reflect very seriously oil the consequences to the persons concerned of tho passage of tho bill. If they had been breaking the law, or infringing on contested rights ; if they had been warned that they were doing wrong and inflicting injury on tho public, their liability to bo punished by taking the implements of their trade out of their hands would have been indisputable. Suffi cient thought has not perhaps beon given to tho circumstances of these people. It has been said that there are plenty of occupations to which they can turn their hands when deprived of their present means of earning a living. The same thing, how ever, might be said of persons engaged in other pursuits in which experience and skill are required ; to tho establishment of which they liavo devoted some years of their lives and gone to some outlay. But they would very reasonably reply that whilst it is easy to talk of such changes, it is hard to have to make them. They might also demand to know why, in common justice, they should bo suddenly called upon to alter the mode of life which they had been led in the absence of legislative interference to consider lawful, and retort upon those by whom it is proposed, by ask ing them how they would like to be driven from their long established callings on the ground that there was many another business to which they might turn their attention. We come to the con clusion therefore that the Legislature ought to give tho fair claims of those engaged in the game trade such consideration as might be demanded for the interests of others, who have established industries for themselves. Certainly when a calling is found to be either obnoxious or injurious, Parliament may be reasonably called upon to take steps to protect the public, and private interests must suffer to gome extent. Wo have advo cated the prohibition of tho swivel gun undor the conviction that it is injurious inasmuch as it must considerably reduce the numbers of wild fowl, and in the course of time ren der them so scarce as to make the price of them such as would bo quite beyond the meansof the general public. We still hold that the gun should not bo used indiscriminately simply at the discretion of the game hunters, and we therefore think the com promise proposed by Mr. Mackay on Wednes day last, when tho Game Bill was under discussion is one which might be accepted as a fair settlement of tho question. He proposes that the uso of swivel and punt guns should bo restricted to such places and periods as tho Govemor-in: Council may deem it desirable to appoint from time to timo. Thus certain localities would be protected for a season or so whilst tho fowl were being destroyed or driven away in other parts. Mr. Mackay objects to the pleasure of sportsmen being considered in prefer ence to the interests of persons whose business consists in procuring game for the market. In writing on the subject before we did not alludo to the matter as it concerns sportsmen, our only contention on that head, being that there was less destruction of game by the uso of the shoulder than tho swivel or punt gun. Tho proposal that the latter should be placed under legislative control. seems to meet tho difficulty which has been raised and to remove tho objections which have beon urged as fatal to the further employ ment of the larger and movo deadly wea pons. Cablegiusis —It is said that an agreement is likely to be arrived at shortly between tho British Ministry and the Opposition on tho question of tho distribution of seats. The movement south wards of troops in the Soudan is rapidly proceed- , ing, and numbers of men aro ariving at Dongola daily. The unejjiP^oy0'' have boen rioting in Paris, and have been dispersed by the cavalry. PaulumeNT.—Parliamentary business this week (says tho Avgua) will bo brisk in both Houses, in view of the early termination of tho session. Tho first order of the day on the Council paper is for the additional sitting on Friday, which Colonel Sargood was induced to postpone last Tuesday, Following that appear the Bills of Lading, Trades Unions, Justices of the Peace, and Patents Bills, which aro to be advanced stages. The report on the Land Bill will bo adopted, no doubt, at an early hour, in order that there may be no delay in sending it to tho Assembly. The resumption of the debate pn the second reading nf tho Railway Bill is perhaps the most important appointment, and Mr. Jenner will be the next speaker. Thero will bo considerable variety in the Assembly, for, In adfjition to the Factories Bill, the Government will procesd with the Lpan Bill, Banking Com panies Law Amendment Bill; and a numbor of others of leas moment. The consideration _ of the Council's amendmepts in the Land Bill will probably be entered upon on Wednesday. Constitution Dat.—Yesterday was regarded as a Government h^if^y ffir ^ie 'a3t 'W0 as lho oljseryafice of tho anniversary of the proclamma tior» of'tho Victorian Constitution, which lias boen abolished by the piyil Servicp Apt which comes into foreo shortly. A Sou roe of FEVEii.—AtteiitiBn lias frequently boen drawn to tho condition of a large ppej) drain, which runs from the railway station through the railway reserve, and crosses Garsed, Wills and King streets and other thoroughfares until it wmitfen itself into th6 Bendigo Creek near Mac rmerfloii'ii saio pards. For some considerable time past',this" <jhajjnel"ba? fece;j tho source of much sickness" jn famines who reside js-l.ima ipp fouto. In miti^s'tance'adeath is directly tW^eabla tft M-ietenpB fit {Jib tyrain, and it fa the unarijmojjs pram ()jj of medf'cal mcft, who are acquainted 'With tneoV4l»iwat b?jsw?(F f3^ I* many other deaths will bo acc >untablo to it, On Friday a fino little boy, son ot Mr. Henderson, residing in Wills-street and light on the edge of the drain, succumbed to typhoid fever, and there is at present'another member of tho salno family laid up with the malady. Mrs. Henderson hetself has just recovered from attack of the same fever, aud Dr. James Eadie, of tho Friendly Societies Dispensary, who has been attending tho family, states that sickness has never been out of the house for tho past eight months, during which time the Hendersons have resided there. Ho asserts without qualification that the foul condi tion of the drain is tho cause of tho sickness and fever. This is a matter that should seriously engage tho attention of the health authorities. Dkath of the Pkksidkst of the Council.— Wo regret to have to announce tho unexpected death of Sir W. H. F. Mitchell, which took place at his residence, Barfold, near ICynotou, yester day afternoon. Tho deceasod, who was 73 years of .ice, was a member for tho Northern Province in the Legislative Council. An account of tho lion, gentleman's career appears in another column. Keturn of Du. Gilhkk.—Our Melbourne cor respondent writes : —Dr. GHbee, who took a trip to Kngland for the benefit of his health, has coino back very much worse than he went. Whilst visiting Venice he was attacked with fever and ague in a very severe form, and is now so brokon down that his friends wero scarcely able to lecog nize him. , _ . Vick-Kegal.—His Excellency the Governor mid Lady Loch will visit CastlemainoShow to-morrow at the invitation of tho Mayor and tho Agricul tural Society. On Thursday tho Governor and tho Duke of Manchester will be present at tho Kynoton Show. They are oxpectcd to reach Kyneton by special train at 11 o clock, and they will bo attended by the Minister of Agriculture, and several members of Parliament, Railway accident.—A slight accidcnt hap pened yesterday afternoon to the train duo hero from Wycheproof at half-past 2 o'clock. When passing tha staff- station, near tho municipal cattle-yards, tho Echuca train, which is duo about tlio saiuo time, was somewhat behind it on another lino of rails. Tho Wycheproof train pro ceeded until reaching tho Williamson-stroot crossing, when the connecting links between tho cattle-trucks and the passenger- carriages suddenly broke. The engine-driver went on his journey as far as tho Mitchell-street bridge before he was aware of the separation. Meanwhile the Echuca train passed the passengers in the Wycheproof train, who wero of coarse much excited. After a delay of about 10 minutes, the passongers wero brought 011 to the platform in safety, the only damage duiio being tho breaking of tho chain. Electors' Rights.—We again remind those entitled to the privileges of olectors that electors rights must bo taken out by Monday next. _ In view of tho election for tho Northern Province rendered necessary by the death of Sir William Mitchell, all entitled to vote should not neglect to securo their right. ., , Fatal Shootixg Accident.—A. sad accident occurred near Koilor on Sunday (writes our Mel bourne correspondent). A party of young men wore out shooting hares, when one named Alford was accidentally shot dead by another named Clancy. Tho latter has beon arrested on tho charge of causing the death of tho other. < Case or Sleepwalking.—At about two o clock yesterday morning as some young men woro re turning homo along Yiow-ttreet they saw a hguro ill whito standing in tho roadway opposite Arn lield's butcher's shop abovo tho survey office. The figuro then glided softly up a lano situated between tho butcher's shop and a timo payment establishment immediately adjoining. Whether from foar or otherwise tho young men did not remain to investigate the mysterious occurrence, and wont ou their way groater believers in tho ghost theory than thoy had ever before been. During the day one of tho young moil related to some friends his experience of the morning, and learned that tho supposed apparition was really a young man employed as a draper's assistant in tho Co- operative Store, Mitchell-street. It appears that he resides in the lane above referred to. He retired to rest oil Sunday night, another young man occupying tho sarao bed. His companion states that he appeared to havo been put about by tho dis closures in connection with tho peculations of young Andrew, and being of a nervous temper mont the affair pre} ed on his mind. According to tho statement of his companion lie was very un easy in his sleep, and atabout one o'clock hobegnn talking in his slumbers about the robbery, lio rambled on for some timo, his dream ovidently being that ho was charged with Andrew's offence, and was about to bo takon to the lockup. Ho protested his innocence, and kept on saying that he would not go to tho watchhouse. His com panion, who remained awake, foolishly cried out, >l Yes, you must; you are .guilty." Tho young man then b .unded out of bed and ran into the street in his night shirt, where he remained, as nearly as can be ascertained for half an hour. NVhen the other young men came up he returned up the lano, and pulling off his shirt laid down m his bed. In the morning he disclaimed all know ledge of the affair, and states that if ho did act as described, he must have been ill his sleep during the whole timo. Ho has suffered from an affection of the chest from which ho was recovering, but tho exposure to tho night air in his half nude condition has caused a return of tho complaint. Ho states tlu*t ho never before displayed a tendency for sleep walking. Wo have refrained from mention ing the name of tho young man coneorned. Death in the Hospital. — A man named Julius Wopag, aged 64 years, admitted to tho hospital on tho 17th iust , died yesterday from peritonitis. ... The Kyneton Show.—Wc learn that this show is expected to bo tho best tho society h;is o\ er held, there being nearly 1,100 entries, 347 of which are in horso stock, ICG in cattlo, 130 in sheep, and 167 in dairy Droduco. Meeting op Hairdressers Emfloyes. — A meeting of tho omploycs of tho various hairdressers in tho city, was held at Milburn's Coffee Palace last night, for the purpose of deciding what action should bo taken in reference to ono of tho masters who has beon breaking the rules of the Union. Aftor some discussion it was resolved that a deputation should wait on tho master referrod to, aud endeavor to get him to conforn. to tho rules. The meeting then terminated with a vote of thanks to tho chairman. Larceny.—An elderly man named Walter Porry was lodged in tho citv watchhouse last evening, by Mounted-constable Coucho, of Huntly, on two charges of larceny. First, for stealing a blanket and three wedges, valued at 12s (id, the property of an Italian named Domoni Cecrotti, and also for stealing a blankot, valued at 2s (id, belonging to Pedro Vennoni. The prisoner will bo brougnt before tho city bench this morning. Sandhurst Literary and Derating Society. —The usual weekly meeting of tho Sandhurst Literary aud Debating Society will bo held to night. The Rev. I. Myers will road a paper on " Words.1' Another matter of general interest^ to the members will bo considered, viz., the arranging for tho social meeting to bo held at tho close of the sossion. A resolution was passed ot last meeting with regard to tho form of tho " social," but as tiio attendance was smaller than usual another op portunity will bo given to-morrow night to tho mombers to discuss tho question in detail. Eaglehawk Methodist Sunday School.—Tho anniversary of tho Eaglehawk Primitive Methodist Sunday school was further celebrated last night (writes our correspondent), when a tea and public meeting woro hold. Tho tables, which wore laden with delicacies, were courteously and assiduously presided over by Mrs. Bray, and tho Misses Dixon, Copeland, Taylor, Rogers (2), Allison, Clough, Stirling, Irwin, Hammer, tirosly, Roscrow, Marshall, and Berriman. At the conclusion of tho toa the public meeting was hold, at which appropriate addressos wero given by tho Rovs. W. J. Brag, T. Copeland, M. Clarke, and several other gentlemen. Eaglehawk Policii Court.—Mr. WiUau, J.P., presided at this court yesterday, and fined a man named Robert Smart 10s, or in default 48 hours', for being drunk and disorderly. Volunteer Militia. — Last evening Major Palliser's company mot for night drill. Major Palliser marched it to the upper reserve, and gave it a smart drill extending over tho usual time. The attendance was not up to tho average. The other company officers present wero Lieutenants Rogers, Cordner, and Kirby. Yesterday Major Blackliam received tho invoico of tho scarlet cloth, consequently it will bo necessary for thoso mem bers wno havo not called upon Messrs. Emery and Gibson to be measured for uniform to do so as early as possible to prevent delay in having the detachment clothed. Publications.—Wo havo received a copy of " A Lay Sermon on tho Land," by Wm. Webster, Adelaido. Tho subject is the.nationalisation pto ' joct, of which the author is an advocato. We aro also in receipt of a pamphlet issued by Calvert and Co., Manchester, describing the many uses to which thoir carbolic acid may bo put on tho _ farm. " Notes of a trip to Tasmania and Australia," is a pamphlet reprinted from "Our Journal," the regimental newspaper of tho 2nd battalion, West Yorkshire Regiment. Tho author of tho brochmo ia Major Franklin, who was in Bandigo in August last. His notes give minute details of his travels both in the Tight Littlo Island and on tho conti nent, and his references to-Bendigo will appear at length in cur supplement to-morrow. Processor S. S. and Clara Baldwin.—This evening Professor and Clara Baldwin will appear 1 at the Royal Princess Tlioatro in their thought reading entertainment, and exposure of spiritua lism. The programme will consist of selections from tho ropertoiro of Professor and Clara Bald? win, suitable to a miscellaneous audience. Tho thought-reading will include the_great bank note teat, in which Professor Baldwin will give tho number of a bank note hold by ono of the audience, also finding a pin hidden anywhere V>y a commit tee, and a number of other tosts almost as clover. In tho expose of the Katie King mystery, undor conditions making fraud impossible/ materialised v faces and forms will bo visible. _ Every i person in tho audienco will recogniso one. Perfect quiet must bo preserved during ttie per formance, as the Buccess of the clairvoyant es pecially depends upon that condition. The patrons of the performance aro requested to bo present before eight o'clock, as penplo moving in or out dur}ng tho mental tests utterly ruin these experiments. Gentlemen going out at the interya} are also requested to 'return punctually, and no ono will fyo'allowed tp enter or go out during tho clairvoyant seancel Tho performance will b-'gin at eight o\clopk. fickots may bo obtained nt Evans'. B.J.C.—Tho prices of admission for tho B.J.O. Spring Meeting on WcdnpjcJay aro pnblishecl ii) our advertising cqlumiis. Cab tickets can bo ob tained at the oft;ce of the cljib, and cab owners ara notified that their admit tick ts must be attached tq thpjr vptyipips. On both'days of the races, trains will be run as roqpjred, commencing about 11.-10 a.ro„ till 1.4^ p.ni., and returning immediately after tho raocn nrp over.' Boxing.—To-morrow evening an exhibitipp in the art of self defence will bo given at St. Jau}ps' Hall by Billy Farnan, the champion hoavy-weight of Australia, who lately defeated Jackson, of New South Wales, for tho championship of Australia, Abo Hicken, ex-champion of Australia, atiil Micjc Nathan, light-weight champion. A trqphy 'Wil| "(jo gjyon to tljo best amateur for boxing and wrestling, and a local athleto will perform several foata of stiongth. The porform anco will conclude with a set-to between Kurnan aud Hiekon. Charitable Conoert.—A concert will take place in the Wesleyan Schoolroom, California Gully, this evening under the auspices of the Cobden Tent I.O.K.., in aid of tho widow and right children of tho late Charles Whitta. City Court.—Meisra. Edwards and Wilton attended at the Polico Court yesterday. Tho young man Stephen H. Andrew, charged with stealing lis 9d, was remanded till M onday, 3rd prox. Martin Hanson was fined 10s for obstruct ing the public footpath. The Si'knokr-strkkt Goods Traffic.—It is gratifying to learn (says tho Aye), that the Rail way Commissioners, after a careful consideration of the exhaustive and important report furnished by Moasrs. Lavater, Francis, and Bruce, with re gard to the general management and control of the goods traffic at the Spencor-street station, have decided to carry into effect the recommendations made by those officors. Aa one of the results of the inquiry it was found that it coats Is 2d to receive and despatch a tou of goods, whereas it should only average 8d per ton. Ample evidence was forthcom ing to show that tho responsibility of receiving and despatching goods was distributed amongst too many heads and sub-heads of different branches, and that tho public wero frequently in convenienced by goods being retained in tho sheds for days, and sometimos weeks, beforo being sent to their destination. Tho report contains several recommendations, the objects of which are to re duco tho numbor of heads of branches so as to bring the organisation under tho control of fewer porsons, and to have the goods received ono day despatched on tho following. The Railway Com missioners have given instructions to have tho recommendations carried into effect aa soon as possible, ao as to have everything in order before the busy season commences. Singular Elkotrioal Phenomenon. — Tho Chiltern correspondent of tho Melbourne Daily Tchyraph reports:—Nows is to hand on reliable authority of a remarkable occurrence at the Chil tern Valley mine during the thunderstorm on Fri day morning. It appears that at about half-past ton a.m. ft flash of lightning struck tho knocker line, and travolled along it direct into the engine room, emitting sparks as it wont. It terribly frightenad the two men at the brace, the stoner, tho sluicer, and tho engine-driver. It tore into fragements about 100 feet of the line, and deposi ted in the gutter between tho two buildings a metal which appears to all to be a kind of iron stone. No damage beyond the destruction of tho knocker-lino has been done worthy of notice. Great excitement, however, was caused by tho incident. At a distance of half a milo away it appeared to those who witnessed the phenomenon as though the works of the claim wero completely covered by a large blue flame. Railway Inspi:ction.--T1io Age thus refers to tho final inspection of the railway linos of the colony, to bo commenced by the commissioners to morrow :—In [company with tho general traffic manager, and tho principal officers of the enginoers' and construction branches, tho commissioners will proceed to Lancefield, thouce along the branch line to Dayleaford. Returning to tho main Murray lino they will go on to Inglewood, and remain there for tho night. On Thursday the Wycheprouf and Boort lino will bo inspected, after which tho commissioners will return to Inglewood, remaining there ovornight, and returning to Melbourne on Friday. The official inspection by tho Railway Commissioners of the various linos of railway in tho three different systems has resulted in many important changes boing made in tho general management of a largo numbor of stations. In many instances tho commissioners found that the public wero inconvenienced to a groat extont by tho most absurd arrangements in regard to tho ! passengor and foods traffic. Absurd blunders in the laying out of stations and station yards wero discovered and rectified. Tho time tables for pas senger trains arriving at and departing from junctions on main lines have been altered, ao that instead of passengers having to wait about stations for two hours beforo they could change into another train, they are now removed from one train to another and conveyed to their destination without experiencing vexatious delays. 