Sporting, MUBEUSIBIDGEB TUBF CLUB EACES. ' aiAETIUD ALE'S ' TIPS. [Br TELEGRAPH ] vvagga « AGfli, Tuesday. TUB weatlior appears wj-na-ve uic&reu;, ana ignore suoaiu be a large attendance to witness the Cup race to-morrow. This morning a fair amount oi work was performed ; but thero was nothing worth particularising. Isonomy, Blazes, B&ttailoua;, Merlin, Hastings, Favo, Lord i-xetei', Clement, Impulse, Prlvatepr, and Brown and Sose were all looting weu, and did useful work. Isonqmy went particularly well on the sand track. Although it was reported that Favo was lame, he showed no Biens of it to-day. The course is in beautiful order, and several improvements have besn effected since the hist autumn meeting. The Btand inclosure has been considerably enlarged, and the whole of the I running track is now encircled with telegraphic ?wire ; so that all races wiU be timed by ! electricity. The attendance promises to be numerous, the whole hotel accommodation oi the tpwn having bees taken up for some time, while the leadinx places are already crowded. A few of the Melbourne division arrived yesterday, but we have none of the Victorian horses up yet, and I do not think any will come, with the j exception of Bello iirandoD. To-morrow^s events open I with a Hurdle iioce, which I thiak should be won by Nameless or Belle Brandon. Old Uhlan looks about the nezt bsnt. In the Sires' Produce Stakes I can see nothing to beat Corday. Tbe boBt of Bowler's may run second. At the present time thefollowingremainin the Gup:— Hastings, Bapid, Battailous, oloth, Bonnie Bee, Pavo, Brown and Bose, Adamoatea, Jjord Exeter, Blazes, Phyllis, Hawkes'oury, j Wollongong, Tramp, student, Omadhaun, Impulse, and j lsonomv. Of this lot 1 think only about 10 wijl face Mr. j 1 Devlin. At the preeent time Hastings 1 rules as the favourite, I I a fact fully warranted by Jiis condition. Favo is also in I excellent form, and Lord JCxeter never looked better. Moth I have not seen, while Phyllis looks light; but her stable companion, Isonomy. was never better. Kapid palled op lanse this morning, and Tramp wos bleeding at the nose yesterday, and did not show to advantage In a gallop with .Merlin, this morning. By his gallop of yesterday Wollon gong must have.-a great show, although on his Goalharn form he has not the ghost of a chance. .Nothing on the ground looks better than the local mare Impulse,_ and sha must run very forward. To go for one straight, out I must select Hastings, his hardest opponent being JTaro, if started, -while the outside division should be well represented by ImpulBe, Wollongong, and Tramp. Favour should win the -celling Eace, and the Maiden Plate looks a good thing for Bebus, with Agio and Oily Gammon as followers. Tho weights for the Shorts were published last night, and gave a great amount of dissatisfaction. It looks a moral fot Thafatmbau or Bebus. Aa yet there is no betting here, bat thines will no doubt become lively to-day. Coriolanus was scratched at 10.25 yesterday. The annual cricket match. Parliament v. Press, was played on tho Adelaide Oval, yesterday, and was won by the Press. The scores were — tress, 92; Fifteen of Parlia liament, 45 in the first innings, and in the seoond innings 26 with no wickets down. During the day the Press enter taicei their opponents at luncheon. An interesting cricket match ior Adams's Challenge Cap {was played in Goulbam, between the iionlbarn C. 0. and j the Oriental C. C, and resulted in favour of the Oriental ' by 113 runs. The cup ha» to be won three times. i The .Northumberland Amateur Turf Clab wiil hold a ! day's racing on the West Maidand Park on X-ec*mber 5. 1 The programme eonsists of a Fiyinc Handicap of 10 sovs, Amateur Turf Clab Handicap of 30 eovs, Laoies? Mile of 10 nova, ana three other events for bona fide hacks for moderate prizes. . Members of the ring complain in strong terms about the dilatory manner in which their clients &ra; Betthng over the V.E.C. Spring. t A special train has been engaged by Sir. Jno. Thompson 1 to convey visitors to Wagga races, leaving to-night at 8.40, j and returning from Wagga on Fridcy.iiight at 10 pjn. - Sir. A. F. Smart desires it made known that he hod no | intention of purchasing. 3Sewstead, the Maribyraong Plate . -winner. It is also rumoured in sporting circlas that the \ game gentleman inteude shortly dieposinK of bis stud of racehorses. The following team has been Selected to meet the Kngiish professionals on the Association Ground, Stooro Pork, on. Friday':— Allen,. C. Bannerman, Bryant, Downes, £vans, Garrett, Hiddilston, Jones, Jdossie, Moses, and and Turner, with Marr aa twelfth man: 'Tantalus,' in the 'Wagga Kzpbbss, tips Favo for the Wagga Oup. At a meetinc of the 3anxmmbidcree Turf Clab committee last night it -was decided that the eons of members over 14 years of age should be allowed to purchase tickets to en title them to admission to Doth meetings for 80s. There is Tory little business of any interest over the Wagga spring events. At present 6 tolls offered on the field, Hastings being the frsneral favourite. 100. to 14 is offered about JPavo, bat little business is doing. 100 to 10 was offered, Xfedo' the Hills, Isonomy, analmpulse, but no business was done. It is perplexing to backers over Wagga events to find two animals of the same name in one race. For instance, the name of Impulse appears twice -iu the nomination for the Cup. This Bhottld be immediatelyaltered by the Wagga. executive. ? ' ~ ? * The railway authorities in Victoria have promised to grant the English cricketers tickets at half fares on the Victorian lines for the purpose of playing matches. One Melbourne oorrespondent telegraphs that' Joseph Thompson, the leviathan bookmaker, has engaged a special train to leave Melbourne at 9 o'clock to-day for the Wage* races. Ihe train will return froni Vfagga on Saturday. The return fare is £3 Is. . ' 'Jhe CoateB C.C. defeated the WertheimC.C. on Satur day last, at PAmunttta, by 119 runs. The ~Wertheim went first to the wickets ; bntowtngto tho splendid bowling of Byrnes, 7 f orlij^nd Pilcher, 3 for 7, conld only sucoeed in scoring 25 iTms.WiUctnsonbiing top withlO runs. Coates C.O. then run up 144 rnne, Byrnes 50, EmmeFt-S8. Clarke f1. ''.'l '^flir ** ^'*-! ^11*i *«»i3iiTig dnnhU ti^nrna , . Part of the programme of the Glen Innea Jockey Club meelang of 16K w«a published in -31en Innes to-day. .The meatiajr wfll bpenot 18 o'clock -with the Great ^Sovereign S^&diosn; ol ^£500, ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ' ?'??:? ' -.- ;- * ?.??«-?? I-''*-'*:'. A cricket match was played in Trangle x-n Saturday be tween.theXnnfiellaadan.Xl.of the Dnbbo District C.C. Xbe booms ^H-r4i'TrBflffHV^i't'*T-'^7lrV?fti~* *Sndinnings/35Q.; totaltS. JJukbo Distric^_l»t innings, S9i and innings, 9 vricket«for28: totalST. ThevisitorsthusTronbylwioket BBdraa.; ~r'^.-^- **';;?'? ;'-W: - ')r- -f.--^ C --i ' ' - afternoonlfor £10»«ide^ betweehb local pea. named Boiler^ ana Hannibal, of KeVerare. Both«ot away well toRether. ateforiiaertooVtbAlteQ,^UohheJ^ttUl^finiah,*nd he won eamUy by.aboutirivo yards.* A. match wai than »»4etoruas|»ta^»iprl^h«ior^5Hrtd^. ? r ??? :: ?:,.'-. '? ? . ? '*:'.' ''?':'??'?'';?'. ' ?'?:'.-'.i-'''--' ?'.?'?' J 