THEATRICAL GOSSIP. " Princess Ids" is not a real success at New York. Dion Bonctcanlt says he has written 400' plays. We believe him. Wilson Barrett's, welcoming - supper to Lawrence Barrett a great success. . ... " Pinero" ia mow referredto in New York as "the champion dramatist failure of the world." Memoirs of the once idolized Mario are to be published shortly by Zanickelli, of Bologna. r. ■ - . Much . quarrelling among shareholders of the Albamhreu, No sixty-five thousand in dividends there. Joseph Maas will be Carl Rosa's principal tenor lor the "present Beaaon of ESnglish: opera at Govent Garden. American managers are beginning to reduoe professional salaries. Brooks and Dickson are taking the initiative. Sardou, in addition to the five-act drama ' Bpoken of elsewhere, is also at work on a i three-act comedy for the Paris Vaudeville., Colonel Maplesonwas arrested recently at 1 San Francisco, for neglecting to carry out the municipal regulations for the prevention of 'fire. : J. B. Polk has produced "Eastward Ho," expending £600 on scenery alone, and Sydney I people are filling the Opera House night after ; night. , ; . J. H. Martin, once well known in Ade : laide as an "Old man" and' character aotor, j is now a tin miner at Tingha, Hew South i Wales. ■ j WilBtm Barrett has been selected to re spond'to the toast of "The Drama"at the ' Koyal Academy . dinner to be held this month. A son of Justin McCarthy is abont to marry 1 Miss Laura Linden," a clever young actress, ' who appears' with George Rigcold in -"My Partner," at the Ulympic; . Frohman Brothers, the American.managers, have opened an office in the Strand,: and engaged W. E. Chapman, late of this city, to look after their " English and Australian business. ' - Mrs. Georgina Weldon, famous in the Law Courts and as Gounod's ddie noire, is actually going . into the music-hall business, having, been engaged by Alcock to sing at the London Pavilion. M-hL Chivot and Dura have been commis sioned to translate Planquette's and- Forme's last new comic opera, '* Hell Gwynne," for the Parisian stage. It will be produced at the Bouffes. The drama that Sardou is now completing for Sarah Bernhardt has the seene'in Paris, the period being that of the Renaissance. The cost of necessary cbBtnmes and scenery will be £8,000. The Church and Stage Guild propose to appoint a Committee who shall act as censors of new plays,, ana to report thereon, so that others should know what to see and what to avoid. Dion Boncicault is writing a hook on the players of his time. It will doubtless be interesting; yet some of the best actors are, curiously enough, bitter bad judges of either nr Ti1n.v«rR. It is said that Samuel Brandram's recital of Dickens's " Cricket on the Hearth," given altogether independently of hooks or note, iBa perfectly marvellous exhibition of pathos, humour, and loss of identity. MarieLitton (Mrs. Wybrow Robertson) was one of the most delightful impersonators of Rosalind and Miss Hardcastle ever seen on the English stage. She died early in April after two years' dreadful suffering. At the Grand Theatre, South Shields, the manager finding business dull went in for a gilt-distribution, his prizes including potatoes, rabbits, sugar, door- mats, buckets, lire-shovels, and frying-pans. Now, Pollock Some people lately rebuked the managers for the unmilitary aspect of the squad of soldiers in " In the ranks," but were decidedly out of court when informed that the men were a genuine detachment of the Scots Greys. The boots of a popular French comio opera 6inger cost 170 francs, it appears. Hours of argument were listened to by the Cou rt when, quite naturally, the bootmaker sued for pay ment, and judgment was postponed for a werk. Merritt has obtained the use of a Norden feldt gun for "The King of Diamonds." The last scene represents an English camp laagered with the Dutch lines in the dis tance, and a supply of lager-beer for the troops. Joseph Derrick, author of "Confusion," has written a new three-act farcical comedy, phIIaiI whin.h flhst.m'hwIa.fTi called "Twins." which the Lord Chamberlain refused to license because; the. leading character is a Bishop. It has been bought for America. . ■ It iB rumoured that when the-Bancrofts revive Sheridan's "Rivals" at the Hay market, such attempts^ ait reconstruction, to save frequent changes, of scene, will be made, that the author's ghost must pnt in an ap pearance to protest. M. D(51ibe s opera " Lakme" has been pro duced with immense" success at the Theatre Argentine, Rome. The composer was called for no less than twenty times during the evening, and complimented by Queen Marg herita, who was present, Toole hopes that Wilsp'n Barrett will pro duce " Coriolanns" and not " Hamlet," because he could burlesque the former, not the latter drama, as he prefers to draw the line at Shakespeare V Will Mr. Toole tell us who wrote " Coriolanus ?" Our three most popular tenors—Sims Reeves, Edward Lloyd,.and Joseph Maas— had each and all of them an attack of hoarse ness one Tuesday afternoon, and were conse quently unable to sing - at a concert for which tnfiir nnmeR hud InnirWn in t.tiA nmOTAmmA. Mrs. Langtry,who was engaged to appear in the Theatre Royal in August, has written to Mr. Morris Greenwall from New York, under date of February 2G, to say that she does not feel equal to coming to Australia this next spring, and must postpone her tour for another season. She writes that she is quite worn out, and feels it necessary for her health to spend the summer in England. Mary Anderson finished her .London season by the perpetration of a gross mistake. On the occasion of the Duke of Albany's funeral the Lord Chamberlain issued a circular to London managers, informing them of the event, and that no commands would be given for the closing of the theatres in the evening, the managers being left to do "as they may think right." Mary conceived the fatuous determination of remaining open, and so advertised. Finding herself alone in this course, she, however, at the last moment was seized with a convenient iilneBS, which did duty as a pretext for closing the Lyceum after alL Now, as Miss Anderson's Buccess was achieved greatly through the Bupport of the Prince ana Princess of Wales, and "the reist of the Royal Family," it is said that her want of tact will cause the loss of this august patronage, and her next season consequently prove a different matter altogether., When the ticket-office opened at the Grand Opera House, San Francisco, for Patti's first appearance, the citizenB present had a very lively time indeed. Speculators, as nsual, . . got. in ahead.- - The general crowd, numbering fifteen hundred persons, burst in the doors, destroying ail the plants, pictures, and ornaments in their way. A boy was badly hurt by being hurled through a side-door of the vestibule. Men's coats and ladies'dresses were torn from their backs. Several women wereseriausly im jured, and many fainted. The .crowd threat ened to tear down the box-offioe and gut the whole building' unless'the office," which had been closed, was opened. At this juncture speculators' appeared offering five -.dollar tickets for fifteen dollkrs J but ■ they were soon given to understand, in a very forcible manner, that unless they wished to be torn in pieces they had better not repeat their offers. The windows of the box-offioe were smashed, and screams, groans, and impreca tions filled the air. Eventually a detachment of police managed to disperse the unhappy opera-goers. 