Mr TUCKER BsemB to be mnch surprised that Miners' Associations should, in conjunction with Tim Courier, protest against the Land Bill on tbe ground that it would seriously curtail the area of auriferous lands open to the occupation of the mining community; but this surprise really arises from Mr TUCKER not taking mental note of what has occurred in the past, or of understanding what would be the effect of his own measure. Mr TUCKER has said in the House—vide Colonel SMITH'S speech as printed from Hansard in Saturday's supplement—that " every acre of auriferous land is permanently reserved,-'' and as we are quite sure Mr TUCKER would not intentionally deceive,- we can only come to tHe conclusion, after reading this remark of his,- that he really does not know his own. bill. To prove our assertion, we will take the 18th section, and the 53rd,' 54tb, and 55th sections—the auriferous area clauses^—and when we have dealt with theBe provisions, he will be an obtuse individual indeed who will not set Mr TCCSEB'S view aside, and come round entirely to onr way of thinking o& the subject. Clause 18 would give holders of licenses and leases upon any Crown lands obtained under the bill, or under, the 49 th section of the Land Act 1869, or under section 47 of the Land Act 1862, the right to purchase the land whenever they could show compliance with the license or lease improvements, and had held the land for at least two years and a half, providing that." no objection to the alienation of such lands, on the ground of being auriferous, &s.;," was lodged with the board within three months after the application for purchase was made. Clause 53 of Mr Tvc^br'b bill empowers the Governor-in-Council to grant yearly licenses for residence on, or the cultivation of, any and every part of the auriferous belt of the colony. Clause 54 prohibits the sale of any auriferous land, as set forth in the second schedule; and clause 55 provides that any land which was sold tinder the bill should be resumed for mining purposes, if required, on payment for the improvements effected, the value of which would have to be determined by arbitration. Now, we contend that under these clauses, grouped or not grouped, there is not an acre of auriferous land that would not in time go froin the miners; and we will proceed to make good this position. The first part of clause 54 says that no-auriferous land shall be sold; but what about the centre of the clause 1 This part of the clause contains the qualification that auriferous lands may be sold, wherever sale has been previously provided for in the bill; and the words appearing in the clause, "save aB hereinbefore expressly provided," proves the trnth of this assertion. As the 18 th clause of the bill plainly comes within the exception words in the 54th, " save as hereinbefore expressly provided;" then the 54th section is neutralised by the 18th; and this being the case the 54th section is no protection to the miners whatsoever. Thus setting the 54th clause aside, as no protection against the alienation of auriferous land, as it must be set aside after what we have said, what is there left to protect the goldfields from being alienated in fee, bit by bit, almost, as it were, down to the last foot? The answer is, the provision in the 18th clause, setting forth that no auriferous land shall be sold, if objections are lodged with the board within three months after an effort to obtain the purchase of it by the holder of the surface, has been made. Now, what is the use of these words to save auriferous land from going in fee away from the miner? What protection is this provision against the alienation of the auriferous area? None at all, bb the miners never have had the ghost of a show when pitted against landholders seeking to get the fee-simple of auriferous land; and as the number of miners is falling off every year, it necessarily follows that they will be in a worse plight in this respect in the future than they have been in the past, or are now. Why do we say this 1 Because similar provisions in the law before have always been swept aside, in spite of mining boards, mining associations, and borough councils protesting against theBe provisions not being enforced. This fact can be seen in a very convincing form in hundreds of places on any one of our goldfields, where the law has been evaded in spite of all prohibitions, and in spite of all protests against the wrong. It is even going on, in a way, just now at Morrisons, as we have already shown in theBe columns, and in the old form, toe—first of all the ground taken up under license, and then, when the time is ripe for it, when the proper engineering force can be got to work in Melbourne, then the purchase is effected. Thus, under the bill, no end of auriferous land would be secured by purchase as against the miners, as the 18th clause allows it, and the 54th clause does not prevent it, but, on the contrary, authorises it; so that we have established the position we have taken up aB againBt this portion of the bill, and the cogency of our remarks cannot be successfully traversed. We have shown by the line of reasoning we have pursued, that not one foot of land should be even licensed or leased, much less sold, on the goldfields ; and this is the only form a Land Bill should take, since, otherwise, the evils of the past are sure to be repeated in the future. But there are two other views to take of the subject yet. There is, firstly, the 55th clause, which gives power to the Governor-in Council to resume sold lands for- mining purposes by the system of arbitration. Bat this simply means handicapping the mining industry with heavy charges to get' the land, besides a great deal of red-tape and friction; and, therefore, instead cf a relief, this clause would really prove a great burden to the mining community. Secondly, there is the 53rd clause, under which the Governor-in- Council could issue annual licenses to cultivate 20-scre allotments on the goldfields, only one person to hold each of these allotments. And what does this power mean % Why, that the goldfields would be rushed to get these allotments, on the moral certainty that mor.ey would bs made cut cf them same day by letting them off for mining; and once they were got, the fee-simple, as we have pointed out above, would be clamored for, under the 18th clause, and it would be obtained by tha political pre&surcwhich; would bo brought to bear upon the work, as BROOKE'S occupation licenses developed into fee-simples, and about 1 one-half of the land on the goldfields belt has been secured V<y the eame device. Bat supposing the feesimple was not got 1 Supposing these allotments always remained under licenses or leases 1 What would be the result then 1 ! Simply, that much,, if not quite, all the,land not actually, being mined, would be applied for, and then fenced off by the holders of the allotments; and where would be the room outside these fenced off areas for the miners to prove that these allotments contained gold worth working for, or how could they show any reasonable grounds for applying to have access to any rf these areas ? And if their applications for access were grantfd, "then," under the 55;h" c'ause, the miners would have to pay for the improvements made on the land, before they could " go for" the gold, as ibis clause expressly provides that not "only the holder Gf a fee-simple, but also the licensee or lessee, would have. to be compensated for improvements before &n; inch of these sacred areas could be touched by the miners. Whether, theD, we look at the matter from the fee-simple point of view, or from the mere leasing or licensing the ground, or whether we take the auriferous clauses of the Land Bill separate or together, the result ccmeB out just the same. The bill would have a killing effect upon mining, because it would cause the goldfields to be ." mopprd up" and bought up by J he agricultural or speculative class,- thus driving the miners away, because the bill would cause the area for prospecting purposes to be seriously curtailed, and because even where room was found to trace gold into private property, or licensed orj leased ground, compensation would have to be paid,.and trouble facsd, to follow up the gold, which would cause no end of cost and irritation to the Jew who still continued to follow mining as an occupation. The Miners' Associations, therefore, Jits The Courier, have good c&ose; to 'protest againBt Mr TCCKEB'8 Lind Bill as being the moBt damaging to mining which was ever framed. And we have -good cause, also, for saying that Mr TUCKER does not know his own bantling, or he would never have said anything so foolish and untenable as that ky the bill "every acre of auriferoQS land is permanently reserved." Reserved every acre no doubt is to the -land-grabbing and speculative class. But upon the mining community the effects of the bill would be precisely of the opposite sort; and the foregoing remarks will make all this clear and intelligible to the smallest as to the broadest understanding. The bill is bad enough in b number of other parts. But to mining it wonld be positively rninous and fatal. ALL friends of labor mil rejoice to see the tribntesystem thoroughly ventilated, as the Ballarat Miners' Association, at the instigation of Mr TRESIZE, has determined to do with it in a month's time, SB there can be no doubt that a great deal of injustice has been perpetrated upon tbe miners by this method of working temporary and chronic poor mines. As the French would put it, " there are tributes and tributes." There are tributes in which the men are honestly and fairly dealt with; and there are tributes in which they are bocu&sed-pocussed; and it is the latter class of tributes which need bringing, somehow or other, to a conclusion. Where the companies are content with receiving a fair rate of interest for the plant they have erected, and recouped just and moderate expenses pending the discovery of better wash or stone, and where, when that better wash or stone has been found, the tributors are allowed to go on working - it, so that they, as well as the shareholders, can benefit by the new discovery, then the tribute is juBt and fair to the men, as well as acceptable to the capital-investing portion of tbe venture. But where the men are ground down by their necessities to starvation terms, where the shareholders, or the owners, or owner, of the area fatten out of the mine, whilst the men can hardly get enough money out of it to keep body and soul together, and where, when a good find is made, the tributors are thrust aBide, and the companies, owner, or owners, get the whole of the ensuing profits, then the tribute system is a wrong which no special pleading of which the human mind or tongue is capable-can defend. Of the latter tributes we have evidently a considerable sprinkling in this district, to judge by what Mr TRESIZE had 'to say on Saturday night last at the meeting of the Ballarat Miners' Association; and anything that can be done to remove these injustices, all well-meaning minds will, we feel sure, cordially approve. For it is a shame to keep men at work at 5s and 10s a week, when the yield of the mine would pay them more, or, in all tribntes, without giving them the prospective advantage of making up for lost time whenever something yielding good results has been struck; and it is these classes of tributes where all the wrongs which are complained about occur. The reply will be, of course, that miners need not work under such conditions unless they like. But this is really no reply at all, as some men mu&t; work on any conditions in these dull times, or earn nothing at all; so that it is a cass of trafficking on the necessities of poor men, which may be tactical, or economical, or commercial enough,'but it is certainly not of a very chivalrous or considerate nature. We don't see how the tribute system can be dispensed with altogether, as, if fairly woiked, it has its uses, besides, in that case, giving the miners subsistence in the meantime, and a chance of making up past losses, when better stuff or stone iB found. But there certainly ought to be something done to close up such wrongs as Mr TBESIZE has exposed, or we need not wonder if some day we are told that bad as the wages ate which are paid in England to seamstresses, and persons in other occupation?, we have something quite as bad going on amongst ourselve?. No doubt, the question is not without its difficulties, what with some mines being so poor, when in the progressive,: or prospecting, stage, and the readiness with which men accept whatever onesided termB in such cases are offered to them, rather than have no work at all. But there is no doubt a road cut of the wrong—a road which would make theearly loss and subsequent gain balance justly between the two sides, tbe shareholders and the men—and to the general adoption of such a scheme as this, the best efforis of the Miners' Association and owners of tbe mines, in which the tribute system is in .vogue, might well be unfolded and directed. It would certainly be more considerate to adopt this course than to keep men working at starvation rates without any prospect of an advance, while the owners of the mines are making a good profit out of the work being done, or. getting all the plums out of the auriferous pudding. In such cases there may well be a change; and the change cannot be too speedily forthcoming. It n ill be seen by our Melbourne letter tint, at tho meeting of the Executive Council yesterday, it was decided to grant a free pardou to the unfortunate girl Rosanna P.ummer. In the case of William HawtH.ome, under sentence of death for the murder of his brother, it was resolved that the law should take its course. The culprit will be hanged in the Melbourne gaol on Thursday week. The new Land Bill was referred to at the meeting of tbe City Council yesterday by Councillor Morrison, who tersely described tbe manner in which, in the past, auriferous laud had passed into the hands of freeholders to tbe cxclueion of the miner, and the imposition of a ruinous tax upon tbe staple Sudustry of the colony—mining. Councillor Morrison then drew attention to ! he provisions of the new L%nd Bill, and pointed cut that tbey simply mean tbe absorption by the present generation of all the public estate remaining At present. He then moved— "That as the bead of An important mining community, the council views with alarm any proposition to alienate the remaining portion of «the public estate until the same has been<4h"wbughly prospected and proved to be non- auriferous." Councillor Claxtou stated that-he fully sympathised with and endorsed tvery remark of Gouticillor 'Morrison's on thfe subject, but as the council had studiously, set ita face .against any motions calculated to give rise to political discussions, be did not think it wise for the council to deal with Councillor Morrison's; and he advised tbe mover to withdraw it, and deal with tbe subject at the impending public meeting. The mayor requested Councillor Morrison to respect the principle which guided the council on snch topics, and asked him to withdraw the motion. In deference to the mayor's request, the motion wss then withdrawn. Only about 120 persons attended the public meetiog.held UMUUGFUUU.UI in the HIN OIUCU Alfred UML Hall UUL last CTUUIUG evening for the " purpose of considering the leper ques-j tion. tion,' Though the meeting was a fairly repre- • sentative one, the email attentionoe was unacoountable. Mayor Hiokman occupied the chair. Three resolutions were carried unanimously. The first urged the Government to make provision for the isolation of all lepers in tbe colony, and the immediate removal of those stationed in Ballarat; the-second advised that the Tcquest to the Chief Secretary to establish -a lazaretto for the whole colony be repeated; and the third was to the effect that copies of the previous resolutions be sent to the local members of Parliament, and that they, in COB junction with the mayors of «ity and town, and other members of Parliament, should wait npon the Chief Seoretary, for the purpose of urging him to take steps to have the wishes of the meeting carried out. A report of the speeches will be found io another column. Mr Johns, who was injured in the Millbrook railway accident, is fast recovering, i but has been ordered by his medical advisers to take a trip to Queensolif£ .He has been waited upon by an officer of the Hallway Department, but no settlement as to damages was made. Mr Russell, M.L.A., last evening opened the Ballarat East sight sohool, which is to be held in the Humffray street State school, under the superintendence of Mr Howartb. There were about thirty children present, a very good attendance for a commencement, Mr Russell delivered a few remarks, hoping the ohildren would be as orderly as those in day schools. The children all promised to conduct themselves as Ballarat children should, and were then formed into classcs. The numbers are expeoted to largely increase. -The secretary for tbe Benevolent Asylum, Mr P. Cazaly, deposed at the meeting of the committee, last night, that the closing of the accounts for the Government financial year, shows a debit of £800. This debit was partly caused by the expenditure of over £400 on fire-escapes at the asylum, by £150 on the increase in oat-door relief, by repairs to buildings, and by the continuous rise in the price oi rfeat. The report stated it would be neoessaiy to obtain from the Treasurer an extra £500, as voted last year. The committee, last year, raised over £300 more than the amount required to claim tbe Government grant, and the income was equal to the beet average, betng olose upon £2300, Tbe mortal remains of Miss Emilie Sutton, daughter of Mrs R. H. Sutton, of the musio warehouse, Start street, were yesterday interred in tbe Ballarat Old Cemetery. The respect In whioh the lamented young lady was held was testified to by the large number of ladies and gentlemen who followed the remains to the grave. The Rev, Thos, Williams performed the burial service. Miss Sutton was well known in musical-circles, and was a general favorite. She was a leading member of the choir of the Lydiard street Wesleyon Church, and was always ready to give her assistance in aid of any charitable object. Her untimely death will be generally regretted. On Sunday,, at the Wesleyan Church, Lydiard street,. Mr Eyres, organist, played the Dead Maroh in "Saul," out of respect to Miss Sutton; and in the evening tbe choir sang " Vital spark " in a very creditable manner. Tho choir has sustained a severe loss by the death of snch an able singer. The Benevolent Asylum committee, at its meeting last night, resolved to obtain a lifesize bust portrait of the late Rev. William Henderson, and to bang it in the committee room. We regret to learn that Mr G. F. Smitb, the well-known legal manager, yesterday burst a blood-vessel, and is confined - to his room. The petition requesting the two mayors to convene a publio meeting to consider the Government Land Bill was very extensively signed yesterday, and will be presented today. The Alfred Hall is engaged for next Friday evening, and the meetrng will therefore probably be held on Saturday. The liability of the distriot, in view of its hourly communication with Melbourne, to a visitation of the small-pox was alluded to at the meeting cf the City Board of-Health yesterday afternoon, and, in answer to a question, the mayor intimated that the portable hospital had been prepared for an emergency, and the board was in a position to meet the disease If it made its appearance. Councillor Clsxton urged tbe desirability of placing every convenience at the disposal of the public for re-vaccinatiOD, and it was decided to provide desirable facilities. Councillor Morrison proposed that the whole of the Gity Council should be rc- vaccinattd, and Councillor Thompson intimated his readiness to undergo the operation if Councillor Morrison did. The council, however, did cot go the length of undertaking to Bet an example by having the corporation council re- vaccinated. There are still several cases to be heard at the present sittings of the Comity Court, and this morning a case in the Insolvency Court will be heard previous to the Cjunty Court cases. The City of Ballarat esse, to settle tho IiBt of contribntories, hoe been postponed till the 25-:h instant. Th.e local board of health, Ballarat East, at the County Court, yesterday, sued Mr H'Cafferty for £5 as 6d, due for the formation of a right-of-way. The case, it will be remembered, was some time since tried at the Town Poliuo Court, as a test case, when it was dismissed, as proceedings had not been taken within twelve months after, the demand made by tho board to M "Cafferty. Mr Gaunt, yesterday, took the preliminary objection that the o«e should have been tried before two or more justices of the pesce, and, therefore, the court had no jurisdiction. Mr Finlayaon, for the plaintifis, replied, and after lengthy arguments bis Honor reserved his decision till this morning. 7 he relatives of a girl named Elizabeth Knowler have reported to the police that she left her parents' residence in Barkly -street, Ballarat Bast, three weeks ago, and has not been beard of since. It is supposed that she left for Geelong or Melbourne; and any-iaformation of her whereabouts will be thankfully received by hc-r parents, or the police. She is described as being sixteen years of age, 5 feet high, thin build, fair hair and complexion, light blue eyes, and thin features; she was dressed in a light drab jtcket, and a brown hat trimmed with velvet. The following is the notice-paper for the monthly meeting of the Hospital committee on Wednesday evening:—To receive report of house committee; to accept tenders for supply of blankets; to pay the monthly accounts; to appoint two members of house d B committee, in place of Messrs J, J. Fitzgerald and J. J. Goiler, who retire by rota- l s tion, but are elieible for re-election. Motion on notice:—Dr Whitcombe to move—" That s the resident surgeon shall be allowed to take r part in all coosuUatiocs, and shall sign tbe consultation book with tbe honorary stal£ At a meeting of the inhabitants of Liutoo. r held at the shire h&U; on Friday, for the purpose of electing a trustee of the cemetery in t the place of Mr J. G. Colliver, who had resigned, Mr Humpage moved, and Mr Wise seconded—" That Mr H. T. Coohrane be appointed." The motion was oarried unanimously. f The City Council has granted the use of the large room in the City Hall for -six' months to the Fine Arts Gallery committee. The conditions npon which it did BO, will be found in our proceedings of the counoil meeting held yesterday afternoon. A Main street bootmaker named Wm. Taylor yesterday proceeded against a boy named Alfred Sadler, for absconding from his apprenticeship. Mr Taylor stated that the lad had thrice absented himself. The boy stated that he left because his master was constantly cursing and swearing at him. Mr Taylor denied the allegation, and, in reply, said the boy was moat untruthful and obstinate, though he blamed the parents for this more than the boy. Mr Taylor promised to give the lad another trial, and on the boy saying he would go back, the bench delivered a lecture to him. and then struck out the se. At the County Court yesterday, in the case of Davidson v Sheeran, a dissolution of partnership was granted, each party to pay his own costs in the cause. Tbe youth Joseph Kelly, arrested on Sunday, in Ballarat Eiflt, on a couplo of charges, of larceny, was yesterday brought before the Town Court, and remanded until Monday next. The additions in lighting the city, as mentioned by us yesterday, were deoided npon by the City Counoil at lbs meeting. The recommendations of the lake and gardens committee of the City Council with reference to footballing on the Western Oral were adopted by the council yesterday. This means that any discourteous or nngentlemanly conduct on tbe part of footballers to tbe caretaker or bis family will result in- the offenders and their clnb being prohibited from using the oval in future. The City Hall carillons have been so long tongneless that their existence has almost been entirely forgotten. They were disinterred from their obscurity yesterday by Councillor Claxton, who, at the meeting of the City Council, stated that there was a Ann in Melbourne which undertook to set carillons in order. He thought it-would be no harm to enquire if they could do anything to render musical the unhappy set in the clock tower. .The council did not see any objection to enquiring, and resolved to do so. A man named John Scott appeared before tbe Ballarat East magistrates yesterday, on ^ a charge of stealing a box of surgiaal instruments, value, £4, the property of Dr Ochiltree. The prisoner pleaded guilty. On two previous occasions, Soott, who was at one time a chemist, was convicted of stealing bcokB from the libraries of two medical gentlemen, and It would seem that be committed these robberies and the present one by walking Into the waiting-room of the dootors, and in tbelr absence making off with the books in tbe one case and the box of instruments in the other. The benob, consisting of Messrs Long, Fitzgerald, and Robertson, J.P., takiDg into consideration the fact that Scott had been previously convicted, sent him to gaol for twelve months. . Patrick Welch, a young man eighteen years of age, residing at Warrenheip, was treated at the Hospital yesterday for a wound In the leg, one inoh long, and into tbe bone. Welch euatained the injury when outting wood. Mr Thomson, P.M., and Mr Shiels, J.P„ attended at the City Police Court yesterday, and fined two drunkards in the Bum of 5s each. One ol the imbibers wai bat eighteen years of age. At the Town Court yesterday morning a woman named. Ellen Maglnnis, who had been arrested on Saturday for being drunk in the street whilst she bad three little children in her possession, was charged with habitual drunkenness. Maginnis, judging by tbe number of previous convictions recorded against her, must be pretty familiar with the interior of "both Eastern and Western cells. In answer to the bench she stated that tbe children she had with ber belonged to her daughter, Mrs Coetolo, who was in gaol, and whose husband was a miner. Constable Corby, the arresting constable, stated that so far aa he knew the ohildren were properly looked after by the prisoner. The magistrates deliberated for a few minutes, and then fined prisoner 5s and 2s 6d cab-hire, for tbe offence of being drnnk and disorderly, whilst on the charge of habitual drnnkennesB she was remanded for a week, pondiDg enquiry as to how she treated the children. "One of the magistrate* was in favor of sending ber to gaol'at once, as be considered she could not be a proper person to take charge of children. Mr Barclay, one of tbe candidates for tbe vacancy in the west riding of the Bhire of Ballan, addressed a meeting of ratepayers in the mechanics' institute, Gordon, on Saturday evening last. Mr Lugg oconpied the chair. There was a good attendance, and the candidate was well received. Mr Barolay said tbat he was no stranger to meet cf them, for on looking around the hall be could see many intimate friends. Tbe reason why be came before them wag to give them an opportunity of questioning him on anything in connection with shire matters on which they were anxious to hear his views. He thought there was no one in the district better qualified to represent them at the council table than himself, having been in tbe district nearly the whole of hiB life, and he was therefore well acquainted with the requirements of the riding. He hoped they would not olass him as an Egerton man, for they should remember that if be was returned, which he believed he would be, it would be his duty not only to look after tbe interests of Egerton but of tbe whole of the west riding. Several questions were asked, which Mr Barclay answered to the satisfaction of all. Mr George lanes addressed a meeting of ratepayers at Mr Knight's hotel, Lai Lai, on Saturday evening, and gave a vivid description of the manner in which be said be had been formerly sat upon in the Buoinyongshire Council when endeavoring to do bis duty to the ratepayers, notably in cases of road contracts. He said that officers cf tbe council wore cow being paid for duties that they entirely ncglected, and contended that well-intentioned men had been injuriously affected thereby." In referring to the squat-, bling that had taken place, he considered that faults existed on both sides, and that passion had superseded reason. In actewer to a question as to whether he would support Mr Kennedy in bis demand for returns moved for by him, he said that he would, and added tbat they ought to have been furnished in the first instance, but tbat what had transpired since had caused rumors to spread which cculd be Bet at rest in no other Way. He then proceeded to show that tbe north riding, in consequence of its having outgrown its neighbors, was not fairly represented, and suggested that the north Tiding be cut in two, each half to be represented by three members, thus giving twelve instead of cine councillors. He alleged that the financial affairs would be in an utterly hopeless state unleBS some changes were effected by a re-valuation of all property on the striking of a heavier rate. A vote of confidence in the candidate was agreed to. An initiatory meeting was held in tbe Templars' Hall, Haddon, last Wednesday, for tbe purpose of establishing a branch of the Blue Ribbon organisation in that place. Mr D. M. Kirk presided; and appropriate addresses were given by the chairman, and Messrs William Paterson, H Neville, and J. Gilbert. Several pieces were sung during tbe evening. The election of office-bearers resulted ss follows:—Mr D. M. Kirk, president; Mr H, Neville, vije-preaident; Mr H, R. David, secretary; Miss Esther Kirk, treasurer; and committee—Messrs W. A. Day, R. Mitchell, sen., J. Gilbert, D. Pender, J. Spencer, sen., D. Beattie, and T. Paterson. At the suggestion of Mr Spencer, it was decided that tho appointments be for six months. At the close of the meeting, eighty-tbrne donned tlia blue. The chairman intimated that another meeting would be held in about a fortnight. A wedding whioh is looked forward to with much interest by the fair sex will take place next week. The bridegroom is the son of a well-known back manager; while the bride is tbe daughter of a wealthy mining investor residlug in Victoria street. T.ie Waterloo Cup winner, Young i-zique, the property of Mr B. Hepburn, ied on Sunday night last. The slut was a plendid performer, and her death is a great oss so far as breed is concerned. A red lowrie parrot, with its cage, was tolen from tbe front of Mr A. M'Kenzie's esidence, Botham etreet, yesterday. The bird is valued at £5. Mr Russell, manager of the L>bor Bureau, eports (says the World) that the number of men engaged during the last week was hirty-six, principally laborers and farm handB. Some ot these have been sent a distance cf 200 miles up the country. The manager has decided to enlarge the functions of the institution, and find employment for emales, and be appeals to tbe ladies of Mel- bourne to support hloi. The amount received during the week was £1 lis 9d, and expenditure £1 12^, being a lo38 cf 3d. An extraordinary marriage has just been performed at Sandhurst, the circumstanccB in connection with which may be briefly summarised. - The bride was a young girl named May G: uer (now May Fianigan), and the bridegroom, John Fianigan, was a man about twenty-four years of age, a carter, residing at West Shelbourne, some eighteen miles from Sandhurst. The happy man had scarcely Been bis bride before his wedding day, ner has he. seen ber since. On the 14th July be was going into Sandhurst, as usual, with bis dray. At Break o' Day, near Kangaroo Flat, he was accosted by one of the bridesmaids, who asked him into a bouse, where he met his bride for the first time. She, without the slightest ceremony, asked him to marry her, and he jocularly replied that he would. As the whole thing had evidently been pre-arranged, the persons present were in possession of all the necessary papers, and Fianigan unwittingly signed the information papers, and wss then politely told that ho could go about bis business. He continued bis way to Sandhurst, delivered bis load, and was on his return 'journey, when,, nearing Kangaroo Flat, be was again met by the bridesmaid previously alluded to. She requested bim-to put up biB horses at tbe hotel and accompany ber up the street, which be at onco consented to do, little thinking where be was going, until he found himself at tbechurcb. They were joined by the remainder of the party; and at once proceeded to business, and in less than one hour the coaple were made man and wife. The bride accompanied her spouse in tbe wsggon as far as Shelbourne, where she got out, and Fianigan has not seen her since. . The bridegroom w&js; attired in moleskin troupers and cotton shirt with the sleeves rolled up above his elbows, and was minus a coat. The brida. an unfortunate belcg, was, according to ber own statement, persuaded into this affair to hide her shame, aB she was In a forward state of pregnancy. Fianigan has been regards by his friends from hie infancy as not beinc possessed of a superabundance of Intellect- -hence this acoounts in a great measure lot biB foolish aotion. The encyclical letter of the Pope in ODD. demnation of the Freemasons,, which has caused so much discussion ol late in England and tbe Continental countries, was read says the Argus) on Sunday under instructions from Archbishop Goold in the Roman Catholic churohes of the city and suburbs. It was reported la town on Saturday night (says the Geelong Advertiser) that a scries of very disgraceful scenes occurred at the football match played at Drysdale that afternoon between the Drysdale club and a comhined team representing the True Blue and Qaeenscliff olnbs. During the progress of the game disputes, arose, and when the Drysdale club claimed to have won the match by three goals to one, several 6ghts took place, and the scene at the termination was anything f>nt oreditable. The following piece of rubbish appeared in yesterday's Age :—" Boring from the surface has been found most advantageous for alluvial works, but in the quartz-reefing districts these operations amount to no more than ab- Bolute waste of money. The exlstebce of quartz reefs is generally ascertainable by surface indications and outotops, and to brine up a pleoe of quartz from a depth of 500 feet by means of a diamond drill would tell the miner no more than ho might have known before by studying the Burface indications." The New Scuth Wales Premier has objected by telegram, both to Mr Service and the Imperial Government, against the Enabling Bill being considered by the Im. penal Parliament until tho New South Wales Parliament has come to a decision on the matter. It has been arranged (says the Argue) that in future railway tickots for Geelong and Ballarat and the intermediate stations will bs obtainable at Williamstown. Hitherto Newport has been the nearest office to Williamstown where such tickets could be pro. oured. The dangerous practice (says the Telegraph) ot throwing orange-peel on the footway is exemplified in the following cases:— On Sunday, George. Pobson, thirty- five, of Courtney street, Hotbam, was taken to the Melbourne Hospital, suffering from aniDjury to one of his legs, caused by slipping on a pieoe of orsnge-pe«!; and, on lhe same evening, Josephine Cook, twenty-four, of Cardigan street, Carlton, was taken to the same institution, suffering from a sprained aakla from a similar oanse. At the adjourned half-yearly meeting of the Sandhurst Miners' Association held {says the Argus) on Saturday night, the resolution adopted by tbe executive at Creswiek, condemnatory of the Laud Bill, was considered and endorsed. It was decided that a copy of the resolution be forwarded to every member of tbe Assembly, and also that a mass meeting be held on Friday, when the local members of the Assembly and province wlU be requested to attend, with a view to pre* vent the passing of the bill. The general opinion of the miners in the distriot is strongly adverse to the measure. On Sunday (Eays the Telegraph), on tbe arrival of the Farra, one of the Messageries steamers, the water-police proceeded on board, and mado a search amongst tbe passengers fir Joe Smith, the IrlBh informer, who was suspected of being fn the vessel. The "Invincible," however, was not on board. A miner named John Harris narrowly escaped a fatal accident (says the Argvs) in the Duke of Edinburgh claim, Sandhuist, on Saturday night. White ascending a ladder he fell 40 feet to the bottom of the ehafr, and t>U£tained severe contusions and brtiiaea on tho shoulders and body, and also a lacerated WGund on the arm, beside! 1 , it is considered, internal injuries. The Chief Secretary (says the Age) has given directions that a thorough examination of tho Pentridge stockade should be made, with the view of ascertaining whether there are any means available to aid prisoners in. making their escape. If any such means are within reach they are to be removed, and every other precaution taken to provide for the psoper guarding of the prisoners. Under the headinp, "Strange Disclosure at an I; quest," the Telegraph says:—"The result of the coroner's enquiry into the cause of the death of William Murphy, who expired suddenly at the Duke mine, Timor, on Thursday night, was tbat deceased died from inflammation of the lungs. It transpired i hat nearly the whole of his liver had been conBumcd by an insect, which was found encased in a large shell-like oyst. The insect was dead when the post-mortem examination took pkee," The foxes are spreading about. A fine one walked (eays the Maryborough Advertiser) leisurely past the Association claim, at Homebusb, last Friday, and got away before efforts cDuld be made to e ffect its capture. We have received the ninth leport of tbe Malaga AboriginalMisalon scbool, Murray River, KewSontb Wales. It will be seen by reference to our advfrtlshc columna that a lecture on **Land Nationalisation*' will be given by Mr C. K. Jones, under lhe auspices of the Sooth street General Debating Society, on Friday evening next. Tbe admission will be free, by ticfeet, to be obtained through members ot tbe association, or the eecratarp, at the office of tbe society, No. 3 Chancery lane. We are requested to draw attention to a notice given elso where, stating tbat Mr Turton will lecture this evening on "Borneo" to St> Stephen's Union M.I.A., Clayton street, to which tbe friends ot members are invited. A notice in onr advertising: columns stages that applications for tickets fmm pupils of the Scuool of Design at tbe Mechanic*' Iits:itutemust be made ca Wedne-day evening next between half.past seven and half-past eight. * Attention is directed to a notice fn our advertising columns that a special meeting of tbe committee oi tbe liallarat Fiae Art Gallery wlU be hbld at tbe City Hall at five p.m. on Wednesday ntsc. It is hoped th. ro will be a good attendance, as tbe business is impoitant. The Merry Thoughts Company, which bas been playing at Melb-ume and Sandhurst, will open for a short eoason at the Academy of Music on Monday nest. The monthly general meeting of tbe Master Tradesmen's Mutual Protection Association will tafce pl»ce this evening at tbe associatioB-rocms, Commercial Cnambers, Lydiard street. Tendets are invited by tbe Hallway Department for shelter sheds at Lai Lsl and Tendon. A lecture will be delivered this evening, oa "Europe and Asia," in All Saints'schoolroom, by tbe Her. H. Fintwr. " Ratepayer's" letter means an action for slander, damages £2000, and, therefore, la the interest of tbe wilier, ire have laid It aside. A meeting will be held at the Mechanics' Institute, Bokewood, tbis evening, to elect two trustees for tbe local cemetery. Tbe well-known lady lecturer. Miss Helen Hart, has rammed to ballarat, and will discourse oo " Women'* Rights," tbis evening. In tbe Alfred Hsll &ssembly-ror;>m. There is no doubt about tbe stern energy i.t Miss Hart in dealing with her subjects, and, as tbe lady does not intend visiting Ballarat again, tliose who wish to bear ber should attend tbis evening. L.O.L: Exrelrfor, No 6S, will meet to-night ia tbe Societies' Hall, South street. A meeting of tbe committee of tbe Hungary. Dean, sod Warrenheip Pli-nshing Match will be held at tbe Australian hotel, Clarke's Hill, on it ed- nead&y; evening, at half past seven o'clock, to arrange programme, appotnt judges, stewards, and deal with ocher important mutters. In conaectlon with tbe Bungareesbire election Mr O'Day will address the electors at Skoglasd's hotel, Little Beudigo, this evening, at nine o'clock. Intending competitors at t-be Woodnaggerek, p'onghing niatcb are notified In onr advertising columns that class B; previously advertised, has been altered to read as folIow«:-Open to all who have not taken a prize In CUSB A, or a first prize in class B .in any match, and" residents wit-bin ibe sbircfi of Ararat and Bipon three months prior to thematcb. 'Jbe prizes will be—First, £6; second, a eet of harness valutd at £3 10s and third, £1. Mr A M'Donell announces In our advertising columns tbat be is a candidate for the office of auditor to lhe Jiiponslilre Council. Mr X ? iiiber expresses regret, in our advertising columns, tbat he could not' address tbe ratepayers of Grei.villesbire last Friday evening. IUne s was the cause of his absenco. Mr Fisher trusts, however, tte electors will vote for blm on tbe day of polling. A B'-ae Ribbon Mission meeting will be held In the Alf.eJ Hall cut Friday evening, when Mr M. Uo-Alcg and Mr W. A. P. Ward wlfi address the audiences. A degree meeting of tbe I.O.O.F. will be bold at lhe Scd-tiea' Hall, Grenvitle street, next Wednesday ereging. 