A Witness for tlic Dcfcncc, IN THREE CHAL'TEKS.—CHAPTER II. WHEN I got baok to town, the sessions were only a week of; so the first thing I did wae to call on the solioitor in oharge of my murder case, in order to le&rn; from him how it stood, and to take it off his hands. The magistrate, of oourse, had sent the prisoner for trial. When I came to read the depositions, the case against him seemed perfectly simple, and as conclusive as circumstantial evidence could make it. The crime had not occurred so long ago but that a diligent search had unearthed several witnesses. The servant-girl, who had now become tbe wife of a dairyman in the immediate neighborhood, was found. She proved the bad conduct of young Harden, and the ill-will which gradually grew up between him and her former mistress. She also spoke to his ejeotment from the house on the day of the murder, and to his threats at the street door. She swore to the knife, which had been in the possession of the police ever since, as having belonged to tbe prisoner. There were other witnesses to the same facts; and the landlord, my client, and several others, proved the flourishing of the identical knife and the ominous words in the ublio-house. To complete the chain, the an who had instructed me proved the findng of the knife in the room where the murder was committed; and two or three witnesses remembered being by his Bide and seeing him stoop down and pick it up. These, with the final facts of his sudden disappearance and changes of name, appeared both to me and to my friend to be capable of being spun into a rope quite strong enough to swing John Harden out of the world. " But," said my solicitor-friend," the queerst thing of all is that no one is going to apear for the prisoner." " No one to appear for him 1" No one. Young Elkin holds a watching rief on behalf of prisoner's master, and that s all. He said Harden had been in Mr. Sloum's—that's his master—service for over even years, behaving' extremely well all the ime. He was invaluable to his old master, ho is something of an invalid. He had urned religious, and was disgusted at his forer wicked life." ate, if Slocum is so fond ot hitn, wny doesn't e pay for the defence? " " Why, it seems that his notion of religion orbids Harden to avail himself of worldly rts. Slocum is only too anxious to retain ome one; but Harden won'tjbave it, and no ne can persuade him. Says be is in the ands of a Higher Power, and it shall be given im what he shall speak, and all the rest of t. He wanted to make a speech to the magisrate; but Slocum, by Elkin's advice, did anage to induce him to hold his tongue for the present, and say he would reserve his deence. Of course they hope he will come to is senses before the trial. Bat I don't know ow that will be. I never saw such an obtinate pig. Only gave in to his master about ot speaking because tbe poor man began to whimper in court I" The main part of my work had been done or me, and it only remained to bespeak copies f the depositions, see the witnesses, and make ure that they intended to say at the Old ailey substantially tbe same things as they Bd said at the police court—a most necessary precaution, the imagination being so vivid in people of this class that they are very likely to amplify their tale if possible— and prepare the brief for the prosecuting counsel. This done, I had but to let things take their oourse. When the day of the trial came, I was betimes in my place at tbe Central Criminal Court, having various other cases in hand there. The prisoners, as is customary, were first put up and arraigned—that is, had the substance ot their several indictments read over to them—and were called on to plead " guilty "or" not guilty." These disposed of, the case for John Harden was called, and Hooked at him with some curiosity. No sooner bad I done so than I knew that his was a face upon which at some time or other I had looked before, and of which I had taken note. It is a useful peculiarity of mine that I never forgot a face to which I have once paid any attention, and I can generally recollect the plaoe and circumstances under whioh I last saw it. But here the latter part of my powers failed me. I knew the faoe well, but could not imagine when and where I had beheld it,- I even knew that I had seen the man bare-headed, and that he was not then, as now, bald on the crown. The thing worried me not a little. In the meanwhile, John Harden was being put up to take his trial for the murder of Agatha Harden. "I, m 1 lud, appear to prosecute in this caBe," said my counsel, starting up and down again like the blade of a knife. " Does nobody appear for the prisoner ? " asked the judge. " I understand, m' lud, that the prisoner is not represented," said counsel, appearing and disappearing as before. " My lord," said an agitated voice from the body of the court," I have used all possible efforts " " Si-lence 1" proclaimed the UBhcr. " Who is that? " inquired the judge, look' ing over his spectacles. "My lord, I am this foolish fellow's master; and I am perfectly convinced— " I cannot hear you, sir. If the prisoner wishes to have counsel assigned to him for his defenoe, I will name a gentleman, and will take care that the prisoner shall have due opportunity for his instruction; and if you desire to give evidence on his behalf, you can do so.—Prisoner, is it your wish that counsel be assigned to you for your defence ? " Harden had been standing with his head slightly bent, and bis clasped hands resting on the rail of the dock. Be now looked up at the judge, and replied in a grave and impassive voice: " My lord, I wish no help but the help of God. I am in His hands, and I am an innocent man. If He sees good to deliver me, He will do so. Who am I, that I should interfere with His work ? " "You appear to me," said the judge gently, " to be under an unfortunate delusion. You say rightly that you are in God's hands; but that should not hinder you from using such instruments for your deliverance as He offers you. Onoe more I will ask, do you now deBire to be represented by counsel ? " " I do not, my lord." " So be it.—Now, Mr. Clincher." Rising once more, counsel for the prosecution proceeded to open his case. It was clear and straightforward, put concisely and tellingly, and embraced the facts which tbe eader already knows. He then called his witnesses; and as eaoh after each left the box, it was eaBy to see from the faces of the ury that things were likely to go hard with the prisoner. Always, in answer to the inquiry, " Do you wish to put any questions to this witness ?" Harden replied: " No, my lord. He has said the truth, for all I know." So smoothly did the truth run its course, that only one inoident called for remark. This was when my client got into the box; and so indecently eager did he Bppear to be to procure the conviction of the prisoner, thBt he twice called down upon himself a severe rebuke from the judge for persistently volunteering irrelevant statements to Harden's 1 ejudiee. And when counsel at length said, ' That, m' lud, is my case,' and sat down, but little doubt remained as to the prisoner's fate. 1 still sat with my gaze fascinated by the set face in the dock, trying—trying to remember when and where I had last looked upon it. " Do you propose, prisoner, to call any witnesses 7 " asked the judge. " Only my master, my lord—Mr. Slocum. He'll speak for me, and he'll say, I know, that I'm not the man to kill any living thing." " Very well. And now, before oalling him, do you desire to address the jury ? " The interest ot the oase, which, except for that interest which is inseparable from a trial for murder, had slightly flagged, revived now that a human being was virtually ot grips with death, l'ot what had just pasBed meant that there was no defence or attempt at a defence, that the jury must convict, and that the man must die, without hope of mercy lor so cowardly and ungrateful a murderer. There was not a sound in the court. It was late in the afternoon, and the winter sun was setting. Its rays lit up the crimson hangings, the scarlet robes of the judge, the intent faces, all looking one way, the drooping head and white composed countenance of the prisoner—the man standing up there in full health and strength, and whose life was going down with the sun. "I have but a few words to say, my lord and gentlemen. I didn't do it. I was bad enough, and maybe cruel enough in those days to do it; but I didn't. I was so drunk and so mad, my lord and gentlemen, that I might have done it if it had happened earlier in the day, unknown almost to myself, and be standing here rightly enough. But I knoto I couldn't have done it, and why ? Because I was miles away at the time. My poor aunt, as I've heard from what has been said, must have been killed between a quarter to and a quarter past eight in the evening. Well, at eight o'clock I was at least five miles off. It I'd done it directly the girl went out of the house—as she says, at a quarter to eight—it isn't according to reason that I could have broken open tho cupboard, took the money, and got five miles off in a quarter of an hour." He stopped, and drew the cuff of his coat across his forehead. Where had I seen him before 1 Where and when had I seen him do that very action ? " 0, gentlemen, I couldn't have done it 1 I couldn't, bad as I was I I know, now, how bad that must have been—the mercy of God has been upon me since those days—but bad as I was, I owed her too much, and knew it, to have hurt her in any way. Won't you llil'TJr ' v 4611 y° u 1 was mUe8 &wav; at you're sayingTrue ?™yo"u w5f ast. ca ?JSlL, U i suppose. Not a soul was near me that I knew to come here and speak the truth for me this day. But I know the same God that saved Daniel can save me from a sorry end, it it is His will to do it—it not, His will be done 1 I'm keeping you too long, only saying the same over and over again. I'll just tell you how it was, and I've done, and you must do as duty bids you." Another pause. The silence of death, or rather of a deathbed. The faces in the distance o£ the darkened court shimmered through tho gloom, like those of spectres waiting to welcome a coming shade. Then the gas-light burst forth, and all sprang into sudden distinctness, and there was a general half-stir as of relief. " Oh, isn't there one here that oan speak for me ? Is there any one who remembers the great gas-main explosion in Street that year ? " There was again a stir, and a more decided one. Clearly there were many in court who remembered it. I did, for one. And remembering it, I seemed as one in a tunnel, who sees the glimmer from the distant opening, but can distinguish no feature of the landscape beyond. " I was there—that night. It was the night of the day I was turned out of doors—the night of tbe murder. How I came to be there, so far from my aunt's neighborhood, I don't know, but I found myself working hard, helping to litt tbe stoneB and timber of the house-fronts that were blown in, and getting tbe poor crushed people out. I worked a long time, till I was like to drop; and a policeman clapped me on the back and gave me a word ot praise and a drink of beer out ot a can. I wonder where that policeman is now, and it he'd remember 1" He did not respond, wherever he might be. No one to help—no friendly plank to bridge over the yawning grave. What was it, this that I was trying so hard to recall ? "I wandered off after that into the bystreets. I knew those parts well. I had had a comrade who used to live there, and many a wicked and foolish prank we'd played thereabouts. Tho beer I had just drunk on an empty stomach had muddled me again a bit., but I was quite sober enough to know every step of the way I went, and remember it now. I turned up Hoadley Street, and then to the left along Blewitt Street; and just when my aunt must have been struggling Willi the wretch that took her lite, whnnver it was, I heard a clock strike eight. I did, gentlemen, and I suppose I never thought of it since ; but now I remember it as clear as day. I was standing at the time at the corner ot Hauraki Street." It all came back to me in a moment I I heard the patter of the rain on the cab-roof— I saw tbe gleam of the infrequent lights on tbe wet flags—I listened to the objurgations ot the cabman at the obstructing dray—I tosk note of the reflection in the mirror, the queer street-name which would not rhyme so as to make sense. The strokes of the clock striking eight were in my ears. I saw the lamp at the corner, and the man underneath lookup at it—the man with the short broad faoe, the sharp chin, the long thin mouth turned down at the corners, and tbe blank in tbe front teeth—the innocent man I was hounding to hie death—the prisoner at the bar I As I sprang to my feet, down with a crash went my bag full ot papers, my hat and umbrella, so that even tbe impassive judge gave a start, and the usher, waking up, once more proclaimed " Silence 1 " with shocked and in jured inflection. Heedless of tbe majesty of the law, I beckoned to my counsel, and he leaned over to me in surprise, I whispered earnestly in his ear. I never saw the human face express more entire astonishment. How ever, seeing that I was unmistakeably ir earnest, he merely nodded and rose to his feet. " Your lordship will pardon me," he said "tor interfering at this stage between the prisoner and the jury ; but I am instructed to make a communication which I feel sure wil be as astounding to your lordship and tho jury as it is to myself. 1 think I may say thAt it is the most surprising and unprece dented thing which ever oocurred in a cour of justice. My lord, the solicitor who in structs me to prosecute tenders himself as witness for the defence I" CONCLUSION. o say that there, was a " sensation " would eebly describe what followed. Every one n court sprang to his feet. ft.The prisoner ooked as if he had seen a ghost. There was perfect hubbub of voioes, as bar .and jury alked, among themselves, and my brethren t tbe solicitors' table poured questions upon e, to none of which I replied. Silence being estored, the voice of the judge—grave and ignified, but with a perceptible tremor—desended like vooal oil on the troubled waves of ound. " Who instructs you, Mr. Clincher? " " Mr. Bentley, my lord." Tbe judge looked more astonished than ver. My name was familiar enough to him s a judge, and he had known it even better hen, ss a leading barrister, he had held any a brief from ms. " I am persuaded," said he, " that a gentlean of Mr. Bentley's repute and experience as good reason for what he does. But so xtraordinary and unheard-of I will ask Mr. Bentley himself if he really considers that duty requires him to offer himself as a witness, and when and why he came to that .conclusion ? " My lord," I replied, " I am oertain that, believing what I had cause to believe within the last five minutes, I should be greatly to blame if I did not testify on oath to certain facts which are within my own knowledge. But if the prisoner chooses to call me as a witness, your lordship will presently understand why it is that, with all submission, I cannot at this moment, or until I am in the box, give my reasons. And I must add that the value of my evidence to the prisoner will greatly depend on his answers to certain questions which I wish, with your lordship's sanction, to put to him in writing. And if he answers me as I expect, I believe my evidence will put an end to the case against him." " lloally, gentlemen of the jury," said his lordship, " this matter is assuming a more and more remarkable aspect. I hardly know what to say. That a prisoner on trial for his life should answer questions put to him in private by the prosecuting solicitor is the most extraordinary proposal, I am bound to say, whioh ever came under my notice. It is the more difficult for me to decide because the prisoner has not tbe advantage of counsel's assistance.—Prisoner, is it your wish that this gentleman should be called as a witness on your behalf? You have heard what he has said about certain questions which he wishes to put to you beforehand. Of course you are not bound to answer any such questions, and may nevertheless call him. What do you say?" " I am in God's hands, my lord," answered the prisoner, who was quite oalm again. " It may be that He was raised up a deliverer for me—I cannot tell. But I- know that if He wills that I should die, no man can save me; if He wills to save me, nought can do me harm. So I am ready to answer any questions the gentleman wiBbes." propose," said the judge, "before deciding this extraordinary point, to consult with the learned Recorder in the next court." All rose as the judge retired; and during his absence I escaped the questions whioh assailed me from every side by burying myself in a consultation with my counsel. When he heard what the reader knows, he fully thenthrew hi^UUcf K ! d J ° air of a man whom nothing could ever astonish again, " Si-lence 1" cried the usher. The judge was returning. " I have decided," said he, " to allow the questions to be put as Mr. Bentley proposes. Let them be written out and submitted to me for my approval." I sat down and wrote my questions, and they were passed up to the judge. As he read them, he looked more surprised than ever. But all he said, as he handed them down, was, " Put the questions." I walked up to the dock and gave them into the prisoner's hands, together with my pencil. He read them carefully through, and wrote his answers slowly and with consideration. With the paper in my hand, I got into the witness-box and was sworn. My evidence was to the effect already stated. As I described the man I had seen under the lamp, with my face averted from the prisoner and turned to the jury, I saw that they were making a careful comparison, and that, allowing for the change wrought by twelve years, they found that the description tallied cloBely with the man's appearance. " I produce this paper, on which I just now wrote certain questions, to which the prisoner wrote the answers under my eyes. These are tho questions and answers : " Question : Were you smoking when you came up t] the corner of Haurafci-street ? — Answer: No. " Question : Did you afterwards smoke 1— Answer: I had no lights. " Question: Did you try to get a light ?— Answer : Yes, by climbing a lamp at the corner ; but I was not steady enough, and I remember I broke my hat against the crossbar. " Question: Where did you carry your pipe and tobacco 1—Answer: In my hat. " Those answers," I concluded, " are absolutely correct in every particular. Tho man whom I saw under the lump, at eight o'clock on tho night of the murder, behaved as the answers indicate. That concludes the evidence I have felt bound to tender." And I handed the slip of paper to the usher for inspection by the jury. " Prisoner," inquired tho judge, " do you call any other witness ? " " I do not, my lord." " Then, gentlemen," said the judge, turning to the jury, " the one remark that I shall make to yuu ia TiUlB—lA.ot it u*u4-.<. . 1,a story of the prisoner's witness, there can be little doubt but that the prisoner was th< man whom the witness saw at the corner oj Hauraki-street at eight o'clock on the nighJ in question; and if that was so, it is cleat on the case of the prosecution, that he cannot have committed this murder. I should not be doing my duty if I did not point out to you that the witness in question is likely, to say the least, to be without bias in the prisoner's favor, and that his evidenoe is very strongly corroborated indeed by the prisoner's answers to the written questions put to him. Gentlemen, you will now consider your verdict." We are agreed, my lord," said the foreman. Gentlemen of the jury," sung out the clerk of arraigns, " are you all agreed ujjon your verdict ? " " We are." " And that verdict is? " " Not guilty." " And that is the verdict of you all ?" " It is." There followed a burst of cheering wl i the usher could not silence, but wl silenced itself as the judge was seen to John Harden—I am thank every man in this court is thankfi that your trust in the mercy and powei the AU-meroiful and AU-powertul has been in vain. You stand acquitted of a: crime by the unhesitating verdiot of the ji and most wonderful has been your delivera You go forth a free man; and I am glai think that the goodness of God has bestowed on one who has repented of his sins, and who is not likely, I hope and beli to bo unmindful of that goodness herea You are discharged." Had he been left to himself, I think prisoner's old master would have climbed ibed I the dock, with the view ot personally dell a o t a ng his servant out of tbe house ot bondage. ut he was restrained by a sympathetic contable, while John Harden was re-conveyed or a short time to the gaol, to undergo cerain neeessarytformalities connected with his elease from custody. I volunteered to take harge of Mr. Slocum, and took him to the estibule of the prison, overwhelmed daring he Bhort walk by thanks and jiraisea. We ere soon joined by Harden, whose meeting with his master brought a lump into tbe hroat even of a tough criminal lawyer like yself. I saw them into a cab, and they drove ff to Mr. Slocum's hotel, after promising to all on me next day, and enlighten me on ertain points as to which I was still in the ar As strange a part of my story as any, has yel to be told. I had hardly got back to my office and settled down to read over the various letters which were awaiting my signature, when my late client (Harden's prosecutor) was announced. I had lost sight of him in the excitement which followed the acquittal. H t did not wait to learn whether I was engaged or not, but rushed after the clerk into my room. He was ashen white, or rather gray, and his knees shook so that he could soaroely stand; but his eyes positively blazed with wrath. Leaning over my table, he proceeded, in the presence of the astonished clerk, to pour upon me a flood of abuse and invective of the foulest kind. I had sold him; I was in league with the prisoner. I was a swindling thief ot a lawyer, whom he would have struck off the rolls, die.; until Ireally thought he had gone out of his mind. As soon as I could get in a word, I curtly explained that it was no part of a lawyer's duty to try and hang a man whom he knew to be innocent. As he only replied with abusive language, I ordered him out of the office. The office quieted itself once more— being far too busy, and also too well accustomed to eccentric people to have time for long wonderment at anything—and in an hour I had finished my work, and was preparing to leave for home, when another visitor was announced—Inspector Forrester. " Well, Mr. Forrester, what's the matter now ? I'm just going off." " Sorry if I put you out of the way, sir; but I thought you'd like to hear what's happened. The prosecutor in Harden's cas6 has given himself up for the murder 1" " What?"Ishouted. " He just has, sir. It's a queer day, this is. When I heard you get up and give evidence for the man you were prosecuting, I thought ouriosities was over for ever; but seems they ain't, and never will bo." " How was it ? " "Well, he came into the station quite quiet, and seemed a bit cast down, but that was aU. Said fate was against him, and had saved the man ho thought to hang in his stead, and he knew how it must end, and couldn't wait any longer. I cautioned him, of course—told him to sleep on it before he said anything; but make a statement he would. The short of it aU is, that the idea of murdering the old lady for her money had come into his mind in a flash when be saw that poor drunken fool exhibiting his knife in the tavern. He followed him, and picked his pocket of the knife, and then hung about tbe house, meaning to get in after dark. Then be saw the girl oome ont andjjo off, leaving the door closed but Olivia the gentleman, and does what he'd made up his mind to—for you see the old woman knew him well, so he couldn't afford to leave her alive—gets the cash, and slips out. All in gold it was, two hundred and fifty pounds. When he heard that Harden couldn't be found, he got uneasy in his mind, and has been getting worse ever since, though he did well enough in trade with the money. Seems he considered he wasn't safe until someone had been hanged. So, when he recognised Harden, he was naturally down on him at once, and was intensely eager to get him convioted—which I noticed myself, sir, as of course you did, and thought it queer too, I don't doubt. He took too much pains, you Bee—he must employ you to make certain, instead of leaving it to us; whereas if he hadn't come to you, your evidenoe would never have been given, and I think you'll say nothing could have saved tho prisoner." It was true enough, The wretched man had insured the failure of his own fiendish design by employing me, of all the solicitors to whom he might have gone I I learned next morning, how Harden, after trying in vain to light his pipe on that memorable evening, had wandered for hours through the hard-hearted streets, until at daybroak he had found himself in the docks, looking at a large ship preparing to drop down the river with the tide. Hew he had managed to slip abroad unseen and stow himself away in the hold, with some idea of bettering his not over-bright fortunes in foreign parts. How he had supported his life in the hold with stray fragments of biscuit, whioh he happened to have in his pockets, until, after a day or two of weary beating about against baffling winds, when they were out in mid-channel, the UBUBI search for stowaways had unearthed him. How the captain, after giving him plenty of strong language and rope's-end, had at length agreed to Bllow him to work as a sailor on board the vessel, flow on landing at Sydney he had gone into the interior, taken service with his present master—under another name than his own, wishing to disconnect himself entirely with his former lite—and by honestly doing his duty had attained his present position. By the light of this narrative, that which had puzzled me became perfectly clear namely, how it was that he liad contrived not only to get so entirely lost in spite of tbe hue and cry alter him, but also to remain in lSnnraune of his aunt's fate. My client was tried, convicted, and executed iu due course ; his plea of guilty and voluntary surrender having no weight agsfnst the cruel and cowardly attempt to pit an innocent man in his place. When I last saw John Harden he was married to a serious lady, who had 'been his late master's housekeeper, and of a prosperous general shop iu a country fiuage, stocked mettns c, by means of nf the tho monev vhich Mr. Slocum had generously left him. 