THE JACK'S COURTSHIP* SAILOR'S YARN OF LOVE AND SHIP WItECK. \V. CIIARK RUSSELL. CnAl'TEK IV. ROME SACKED MUSIC. f went to bed at halt-past ejeven mm, iht My aunt, in the most affectionate inner, hoped I would sleep well: my asins bade me good-night with the kind ss of sisters; my uncle accompanied me to r bedroom in order to see that I was jperly cared for, and parted from me with Keiy manifestation of cordial pleasure at my jresence, begging me to feel completely at (ome, to do as I pleased, to ask for whatever Iunte&, to enjoy myself thoroughly, Mid jo stay as long as ever I chose. [Could mortal uncle eay more to a nephew ? tod what a delightful, fragrant, breezy bed Dom was mine ! And yet, though I was in ied by twelve, the lights out, not a sound to istnrb me outside save it were now and gain a moan of night-wind to rustle the lowers under the window and shake their ireetness into the dark, star-laden air, did not close my eyes in sleep till four 'clock. jfo Chancery litigant whose three years' kit is in all probability to end next day ; no lonng actor whose first appearance in London Is feed for the following night; no distracted tradesman with several heavy bills, renewed """ morninsr. could itll several ucuv) ,J j namam, falling due next morning, <x>uld ! n nnwd and rolled upon his mattress __S weanfrand sleeplessly than I .To say Has so much in love with Florence Ktke aftoV unable to close my eves Rron 'h thinking of her would be to say a Kittle too much. If ever a man fell in love at Bist si"ht, 1 did; I'll not deny it I thought ^?Gas Hawke a beautiful creature, with the ^nanner of a queen and the sweetness of an m-cl; and I was in love with her, though a tw hours before I had never heard of her; I _iad not the least idea that there was such a Kenon in the world. But I am not going to Pretend that I was such an emotional, im jrcssionable, sentimental swab that 1 could e robbed of my sleep right away out of hand S the first pretty woman I had ever seen, hom I felt I could marry and. live happily ith ever after. And yet she was responsible for my sleep lessness, too, for I lay thinking of her until I thought myself into broad wakeful ness, though I had gone tired to bed, 3 a man who may be hungry at jisusnal hour for dining finds his npjvetitc ;one if the dinner be long delayed.^ Being of somewhat imaginative mind, I pictured her 8 forced by her father into accepting Mr. lorecomhe, and I thought of myself as ,oing to the rescue and attacking old Hawke ml withering him up with a thousand pene Itiatinj and scathing sarcasms, and my jlnmoiir actually carried me into the imagina tion of horsewhipping young Morecombe for (being rnde to me. What wit visits one in bed where it is of no use! What conilicts one jlaa there with one's enemies in the silence j«f night, and how victorious one always '18 < However, I fell asleep tit last, and when I *ras called by a servant was thankful to find {hit the night was gone and my job of kick jw the feed- clothes about done for the time wins- There must be something very noaous and nauseous in the London air to the breezes of the country or the sea ®iie delights they are to Cockney nostrils, opite of my night of broken rest, I felt a Tne 'witer in weight as I moved about the room dressing mysdf. The atm: sphere was muck)®; a warm, aromatic tide that row I) na8ai)t'y trough the window, and wb full of the chanting of bees, radiant with toe tossing and blown flight of butterflies, found my relations in the breakfast EJ'ho.s? Bloomy subterranean whu:" y°u in London bestlca' occupied by the black tandsomp rhi y are nwa>'< but a Bad cool tv» i i nPai t.meut made greien ^cloeeaMinlffl0^B0,me.trees which «as n,»i ? that side of the house. 1 inquiries as a.nf a"9^'e^d the kind Baying w $ *heT had Passed- by kill tLn said my unctej " how you » th7BiK'r "^ere is a fast rente have a minH f°Ur p08a^ whenever rider mmd for a canter. Can you l£ there'8 P^mel enough to hold on i Then there is a snug phaeton in ?which I Jtra can drive yourself ana your aunt Ijwir cousins round the country-I dont Ittau Great Britain, but the neighbourhood. II tat« fte dub at Bristol. 1 have Tint your I Mme down, and you can use it whilst yon I ^ here. You have the sea within easy ISa » not far off, and you can 1~® ot the Channel ports whenever lPbkeby steamer from Bristol I dont I Si® Aether we shall be able to manufoc IcW danoes for you-we have not been IK'S11? enough to be able to fill a room wecan promise; and 1 0811 *e ma^e ou^t IhiS®8farthet is wanted," «aid T. "It 1 S^^^QBthogpUabW abundant" launt'aaid something about I Hawke, and a»ked Amelia at VSiT ^ waa li^thta afternoon" was thfe IW vP1618 * 6X1 &&them; I mvioh want to 1 y, thia morning In I «, and ! arranged yesterday with .** hel "iiothingd* I ? "VA 68 4Ukcr6d Bfttuftc.": j SSSfe. ^ wme," cuxtweted my kind "Miss Hawlte, I hope, won't think me in trusive ?" said I. " Why should she ?" exclaimed the hearty, good-natured Sophie. " Intrusive I You mean complimentary," observed my uncle. "D'ye suppose, man, she'll reckon you go for the love of music ?" The downrightness of this somewhat abashed me. " But I should like to hear the music," said I; "and is not the Cathedral worth seeing ?" " Never was in it," he answered. " I am thinking," said my aunt, addressing her husband, and then looking at her daughters as if seeking for encouragement to deliver what was in her mind, " that Mr. Ilavvke might-I mean that as we cannot pretend to be ignorant of his views respect ing " What, my love? What do you want to say ?"' asked my uncle. " Why," she continued, " he might riot perhaps like Florence to-he might not thank us for introducing " she could not go on, perhaps not liking to be too plain, and yet not knowing how to convey her meaning otherwise than plainly. But we all guessed what she meant, and my ancle said " Let old Mr. Hawke hang himself. What is it to us? If he objects to his daughter meeting young men, let him lock her up. I really cannot confine Jack to his bedroom because, being at large, he is likely to annoy Mr. Hawke by being polite to his daughter when he meets her, and by offering to accom pany her and his cousin-bis cousin, my dear-to hear a performance of sacred music." " I shouldn't be too sensitive about Mr. Hawke's feelings, mamma, if I were you," said Sophie. Why shouldn't Cousin Jade know Florence, and walk with her and Amelia ? I am sure he is worth a thousand Mr. Morecombes." "Say twenty thousand, Sophie," I ex claimed, feeling that I could hug the dear girl for her goodness and loyalty. "I am a father myself," said my uncle, lying back in his chair and taking a com placent look round the table, "and I should be very sorry to do anything calculated to bother a man in his wishes concerning his children. But I am. not going to trouble myself on matters I can't help. 1 should be sorry to call upon Mr. Hawke and tell him that in my opinion he is a prig, for sub ordinating his daughter's happiness in the future to a twopenny anxiety to drag some poor creature of a man into the family, whose one recommendation is that when his father dies he will be a baronet I would not tell him that, I say. But d'ye suppose I'm not going to have my brother's son to stop with me, that I'm going to shut my ddor against my own Bex, because Miss Florence visits here, and old Hawke would be angiy if she should go and give her heart to one of my guests instead of reserving it-or the shell of it, for it '11 be but a hollow thing she presents if Bhe's forced to hand it over to the wrong man-instead of reserving it, I say, for the coxcomb her father wants her to have!" "Well, I am sure I never thought my re marks would have led to all this,' said my aunt ruefully. '' Nobody could have a greater contempt for Mr. Hawke's notions of marriage than I. All that I meant to say was that we, as acquaintances and neighbours of his-I mean, that as Florence very often comes to see us-here she broke down again. I felt it time to speak. " Why this anxiety, aunt? Am I going to hawk? I admit that she is a lovely girl. There would he nothing very astonishing in any guest or male friend of yours falling in love with her; but if he flattered himself on vomninq her I should either consider him de mented or insufferably conceited. But as you object to my " No, no 1"she interrupted, "I don't ob ject-indeed not, Mr. Jack. I only-what I mean is-indeed, if you don't accompany her and Amelia you'll make me feel quite uncom fortable," This ended it, my uncle rounding it off with a burst of laughter. I can be as fastidious in my views as my betters, and I yield to no man in respecting the right sort of parental opinions on the duties and behaviour of young ladies; and when therefore I look back, I am unable to find the least possible impropriety in my volunteering to escort two girls to service at a cathedral to bear a particular anthem sung. Yet, suppose I had not been strictly within, ana well within, the bounds of de corum, I should have begged my cousin to take me to the service and risked the chance of being thought improper. My uncle was right; it was not the sacred music, it was not the cathedral Ithat drew me. I wanted to be in Miss Florence's company again; I wanted to enjoy the delight of being near her, of being able to see ner beautiful face and hear heraweet voice. <? So, Bbortly after breakfast, Amelia and I left the house for Clifton-lodge (let Mr. Hawke $ residence have that name). I hand somely equipped with a gay flower that loyal and tender-hearted Soptuel had ' pinned upon my -coat whilst I waited in the ball for Amelia, and my cousin in bright colours which she topped with a tjreen parasol that gave he/ warm fat face a kind of copper-like Bplendour. Our road took us from the valley of the Avon, and when yon are oat of sight of that fairy-like ravine, the noble heights of rocks, the shining river that winds at bot tom, and the wonders of vegetation whose rich summer hues moke the whole place a piece of tropical scenery, Clifton does not offer niany points for a man to posture over in desmption. I own I was not greatly dis drapery, its Bteps, pillars, and the rest of it, a cold, formal, precise- looking home. It had a look of opulent genteelneaa, and if I had been asked to design a house for a rich man who was without blood, and anxious to procure some, Clifton-lodge is the Bort of residence I should have given him. There was a short carriage drive to the door; we marched along with powdered boots, and pulled the bell. A fellow in grand livery opened the door and conducted us to the drawingroom, quite too sumptuously fur nished for my taste, much as I value the fine and the beautiful; full of .gilt and marble, with a hand-painted ceiling-in short, pretty nearly as overpowering as one of Lord Bute's rooms in Cardiff Castle, which I had the honour to inspect whieri I visited that part. "Mighty splendid," said I to Amelia, look ing about me and missing something-I don't know what-which had it been there would have prevented me from finding it BO hard and cold. " And this is Miss Hawke's home ?" " Is it not very magnificent t" whispered my cousin. " Mr. Hawke must have brought a lot of Australian gold with him to Clifton, for everything seems gold here. Aren't you sur prised now to wink how unaffected and childlike Florence is ? One would suppose that a girl living in audi splendour would think herself too good for anybody but lords and ladies." " Well," said I, " if I lived here I don't know that 1 should be able to walk. The1 earth would be too low for my boots. Surely' her father ought to have a soul above the son of a baronet," said I, glaring at a lady in a cloud blowing a trumpet amid a grummet of flowers upon the ceiling. "The son will be the eighth baronet when he gets it,"said she. "And I believe the Morecombes are connected in various ways with about twenty titled families. A plague upon him and his connexions, thought I; and as this benediction upon him rolled up out of my soul Miss Hawke came in dressed for the walk. She looked surprised to see me, and slightly blushed. I presume, when the footman gave our names she sup posed I was my uncle. £ut the look was all the expression her surprise found, and it was replaced by a smile, so uncommonly like one of pleasure, that, as it passed over her face, my heart struck a loud whop in my bosom. She gave me her little gloved hand to shake, said she was very glad to see me, and asked if I was going to the cathedral with them. " Yes, if I may," said L " When Amelia spoke ot the anthem, I begged leave to hear it too. I hope I am not intrusive. Nobody asked me. 1 am here by my own invita tion." " Why shouldn't you come ?" said she smil ing, but looking shyly. " The choir is a good one. If you like sacred music you will enjoy the singing." As we left the house I asked if the cathe dral was far. " Almost far enough for a drive if you are a bad walker," she answered. " We shall drive back," said Amelia. " The way is nearly all down-hill. Not that I very much care to use a carriage when I go to church, even on week- days. I dislike seeing people roll up to a church door as if they ex pected the vicar, and his curates, and the pew-opener, and the sexton to come out and 6tand in a row and bow to them. It is ex cusable, perhaps, on a week-day, or when people are old or nave the gout" " Yes, at church we are all equals," said I, " and ought to arrive on foot, the nobleman and the chimney-sweep, the footman and the baronet" I brought in the word boa-onet for the sake of puttinga little malicious emphasis upon it; but Miss Florence took no notice. Wnat an admirable profile was hers to turn to as I walked by her Bide. There was not an atom of stiffness in her talk. Had we been auld acquaintance she could not have addressed me more freely and pleasantly. She laughed at my little jokes (little they were), asked me about the sea, wondered how I could have had the heart to give up the life and liberty of the ocean, and spoke of the sailor's calling as the manliest in the world. " What!" cried Amelia, " more manly than the soldier's?" " Certainly," she answered ; " they cannot be mentioned in the same breath. Don't you agree with me, Mr. Seymour?" " Agree with you, Miss Hawke? Indeed, I do, from the bottom of my heart," I answered, and I barely saved myself from adding that had she argued in favour of the soldier's life I should have agreed with her with all my soul, just the same. It was a very short walk to me. When Amelia said "The Cathedral, Jack, is in Col lege Green there, just round the comer," I exclaimed, "I thought, you said, Miss Hawke, that it was almost far enough for a drive ? Were it five times further it would not be too far for me." Very hot it was, being a cloudless morning, and many a fathom we measured without meeting with the relief of an inch of shade; but though corpulence is not supposed to revel in the" dog-days, my fat ana amiable cousin declared she enjoyed the heat, and walked as if perspiration had been prescribed; whilst the only effect produced on Miss Florence by the exercise and the temperature was a slight deepening of the delicate peach like tint on her cheeks. As I swung along at her side, listening to her pretty voice and looking at her charming face, it seemed dif ficult to realise that yesterday at that hour, aye, and for some hours later, she had no existence BO far as I was concerned. Indeed, I seemed to have known her an ase-a notion produced probably by my thoughts having been full of her from the moment I clapped eyes on her. ' . I shouldlike tobe able to write in praise of Bristol Cathedral. The mere circumstance of Florence Hawke living in the neighbour hood ought to have niade living poetry and beauty not only of the old pile, out of every brick and chimney-pot In roe city. But there is a nakedness and a most unlovely grimness about the &thedfel; that renders admiration vtoty difficult. Outside, the structure has the look of a fortress, fcnd Inside it ia as naked as a stable. The pews or benches are crowded together at one end. where there is a tewing show of ecclesiastical furniture j; and toreacn those seats you haVe to navigate a small Atlantic Ocean ofstone floor with pillars on either side; and the sterility of tkecold and stony scene is emphasised, rather .»» relieved, by here and there-as widely scattered aa currants in a sailor's dump ling-a memorial of brass or marble, m most cathedrals there is something to look at. What is shown may often be a sham. Still, a small Btock of faith will enable you to gaze with interest, as for instance at the Black Prince's armour at Can terbury, which, for all one knows, may have been manufactured at Birmingham, whence a great number of ancient relics are, I believe, annually exported. But Bristol Cathedral offers you nothing. Historic memories no doubt it has ; but there is nothing to touch, to hang over, to museupon in the form of a tomb, an old banner, a stain on the flags where some holy man gave up the ghost. And yet one church Bristol has that atoneB for the unfurnished Cathedral, I mean St. Mary Redcliffe, It is an architectural dream, most beautiful and tender. Why are not all churches equally lovely? Were they so, I am sure we should all be more religious. Ladies, St. Mary Redclifie is a church to get married in. Why, even a wedding for money -ay, even the nuptials of a foolish old rich woman with a sneaking, rapacious young man-would take an idyllic character in St Mary Redcliffe. But I say, Bristolians, where got you that effigy of poor little Chatterton ? Could anything be more foolish ? I'm a Dutchman if it isn't like a memorial to a tomtit. Think of a structure resembling a shrine surmounted by a caricature in little of a lord mayor of the last century ? Was Chat terton a genius ? Ton my word, I never could understand his ancient lingo ; but if he had no more talent than I have, who could not make a rhyme though ten pounds of pure Virginia were offered me for a couplet, may I be Hanged if I would have consented to the i erection of such a scarecrow had I hailed from old Sebastian Cabot's port Well, Miss Hawke and my cousin and I entered the Cathedral and joined the wor shippers (few enough, but business is busi ness, and this wasn't Sunday) and heard the anthem. A fine piece of rumbling music it was, And well sung. The memory of it would inspire me to attempt some elegant writing had I heard it in any other interior, say Durham, or Winchester (wherein I have knelt as a bairn), or Gloucester, but the nakedness of the building ran amuck with emotion. The dim, rich, holy light, the ghostly tatters of ancient banners hovering like petrified bats in the gloom of a dark roof that has reverberated the orisons of genera tions, the stone warriors on their backs with their mailed hands crossed upon their pale bosoms and their noses gone to join their souls, the satyr-like effigies which glower like the nightmares of mad Chinamen from darksome corners-such and a score of other sacerdotal wonders which no man who has heaved at a capstan and sat astride a yard arm can be expected to remember, were wanting as adjuncts to that rolling and growl ing and swelling anthem in ^Bristol Cathedral. And yet the grand melodies, the sweet and silver tenor notes, the tremulous thunder of the solemn organ echo in my soul to this hour, as a sacred setting of that poem of womanhood who sat on my right hand in a posture of devotion listening to the heavenly strains. Aye, depend upon it that any girl who wants to enrich and make large and splendid a young man's idea of her cannot do better than carry him off to hear an anthem sung in a cathedral The ball-room bequeaths the memory of white shoulders, sparkling eyes, waltzing measures, and so forth; the dinner-table pretty much the same thing, sometimes including the waltzing mea sures ; the parlour experience is homely, and sentiment gets mixed up with darning, hem ming, and 6uch matters. But to 6it by the side of a lovely girl in a cathedral and hear an anthem sung is to enjoy a singular eleva tion of emotion. She becomes a part of the sacred entertainment. She humanises the music and the music spiritualises her. This may be rather German as a piece of subtlety, but none the less is it true. I can tell you this, I understand that anthem all the better for looking at Florence Hawke; yes, and I found her sweetness the sweeter and her womanly beauty the womanlier for watching her and thinking of her, to the tune that rolled out of the organ's melodious heart with a deep-throated reverberation that sometimes set the seat we were on quivering. Service being over, we came away, and out side found Alphonso Hawke's carriage-a regal tum-out, quite in keeping with the gilt and velvet and marble of Clifton-lodge. There was a device on the panels that looked un commonly like a lord's, and might have passed for something of the kind to a person not nicely acquainted with odds and ends of that sort " Is it too hot for a drive; dear, before we go home ?" asked Mies Iiawke, addressing Amelia, of course, for I was not dear yet " No; if it is not too hot to walk it is not too hot to drive," answered Amelia. " Would you like a drive. Jack?" " Very much, said I. So we got into the carriage, Miss Iiawke gave some directions to the footman, and off we went, honoured by the notice of everybody we encountered. Indeed, t never before observed people stare so hard at a carriage as the Bristolians we met did at ours. The reason lay in the men's livery, I think. It was as gaudy as an alder man's, a blaze of crimson and gold, and they had white hair and shining Blockings. We talked of the anthem, and Miss Hawke asked me what I thought of the Cathedral. I gave her my opinion, and she agreed with me. "It is the only disappointment I have," said she. "We Australians an always dreaming of the antiquities of England; and when papa told me we were going to live near a cathedral, I pictured a place like Westminster Abbey, full of wonderful tombs, glorious windows, beautiful monuments, and sanctified spots railed off and hidden in twilight However, it is better than no cathedral at all." This was about the most sensible thing that was said during the drive; all the rest of the conversation was made up of the idle chatter which three persons- who are no company-will bestow on one another. The young ladies spoke of persons who were strangers to me] of Mrs. Jones's last dance; of Mrs. Robinson's projected garden party : of MUs Chirrup learning singing with the idea of going on the stage. 1 had as mudttosay* too, as either of them, tried to .be iunnx aad made them laugh, anyhow. 1 took no notice of the coarse the coachman was steering; whether he was heading north or south I could not say. It was enough for me that I was sitting opposite Florence Hawke, that my knee touched the sacred hem-let me call it hem-of her exquisitely, fitting dress, that I was breathing the atmo sphere that her lovely presence made fragrant I say that was enough for me. What did it matter how old rea-and-gold on the box pulled the reins? All that I desired was that he should not be in a hurry to carry ua home. The drive was largely meant for me" I knew, and so now and again I would admire the scenery and ask what bouse that was^ and pretend to be interested in the landscape. But I have no recollection of the view. Nearly all that I can remember is Florence, her shining, winning eyes, the light upon her hair, the delicate tint upon her face cast by the crimson parasol in her hand, her un affected laughter, and, best of all, shipmate, the real pleasure she seemed to find in my company, as if there was something in my talk that brightened up her spirits. And why not? She loved Sydney, and I knew the place well She liked sailois, and I had been one and was still one at heart. She had made long voyages, and could under stand me only as a girl might who had rounded the Horn twice, and knew what a four months' passage is. Might she not, then, have found a kind of salt-water flavour about me that would come as a novelty to her now and awaken pleasant thoughts? By and by we came to a road with two branches, one leading to Clifton-lodge and the other to my uncle's house; ana here Amelia asked Miss Hawke to accompany us home to lunch. " I hoped yon and Mr. Seymour would have lunched with me," said Miss Florence. " As you please, dear," saidAmelia, with the good-natured indifference to things which I have often taken notice of in fat people. " Home," warbled the sweet girl to the re splendent creature on the box; and presently we arrived at Clifton-lodge. The old Arabian romancers were fond of bringing young men of various social stand ing and princesses together, and making the princesses overwhelm the young men with favours and sweetmeats, until the young men, bewildered by so much kindness and so much beauty, came at last to wonder whether they stood on their heels or their heads. As I followed the girls into Clifton lodge I must say my feelings very much re sembled those of the Arabian young men. I had met a young princess, ana by a combina tion of events over which I had had no con trol, though I could not have marshalled them to greater advantage to myself had I had the ordering of them, I was privileged to be in her company, and enjoy her conversation and society so continuously as to make the chances by which that spell of bliss came about quite singular to remember. Take the circumstances in their order; first, her papa was away; then there was the meeting ner on the previous night and her stopping to dinner; then there was the arrangement with Amelia to hear the anthem, my stepping in and asking leave to go too, the walk to the Cathedral, the sitting through the service, the drive, and now the invita tion to lunch. It was all perfectly correct I question if the most acidulated old lady living, bless her! could find an excuse for a scowl in any point of this narrative of my meeting and acquaintance with Florence Hawke, so far. But nevertheless, this girl and I were so much together at the first start that I say there was something singular in it. She took my"cousin upstairs, and I waa leftaloneinthedrawingroom, where, after cast ing my eyes round the spacious apartment and' surveying the costly ornaments, the resplen dent chairs and the various other objects with much wonder and without the least pleasure, I opened an album bound in silver and ivory, with Alphonso Hawke's crest (his crest!), a kind of shield with something that looked like a goose perched on top of it,, its wings extended and its bill cocked up as though it were asking forgiveness for its ab surd posture-and looked at the photographs. Here I found correct portraits of Her Gracious Majesty, likewise the late Prince Consort and the Heir Apparent in Highland costume; also several persons of quality; and among these august and noble people there were scattered likenesses of the Hawke family and the most genteel of their friends. But the book was very thinly furnished. It was a show-volume meant for visitors. The likenesses of Hawke'a. relations, and early acquaintances, and anti podean friends were, I suppose, kept in a separate book intended for the use of the family and the domestics only. But in looking over this album I came across a lovely profile likeness of Miss Florence. It was a Paris photograph; the shadowing and light very fine, the pose per fect in grace and refinement She was Beated bending over a book, her hand to her fore head, and tresses of her hair delicately fring ing her finger-tips. As I sat entranced the ladies entered, i was so full of the subject that I immediately exclaimed, " What an ex quisite portrait this is, Miss llawke!" They Doth came up to look. When Miss Florence saw that it was her likeness she, slightly smiled, her colour deepened. - ". It is considered good," said she. " It is perfect," said I rapturously. " Have you one, Amelia?" " One of my own f asked Amelia. "One of these?" said I, and I pointed to the lovely portrait . "No, Jack," answered Amelia. " I only had a dozen," said Miss Florence, " and this, I believe, iB the last of them. It you would like to have it, Amelia, you are very welcome to it, dear." "May I extract it at once?" said I; and without waiting for permission I withdrew it tremblingly, out with extraordinary «ar& and said, "I will put it in my pocket ana1 keep it for you, Amelia," and so saying t pocketed it All this was more significant than talking. Amelia giggled, and did not know how to look, nor what to say. MIBB Florence, on the other hand, threw a veil of charming trans parent tact over the little interlude, by coming close to $he table and saying, whilst she bointed to the portrait*, "That is my father, Mir. 45&inour; and that is my poormother, and «B Istooped to peer at Mr. AlDhonso Hawke's features a footman announced lun cheon. Cold chicken and tongue, cutlets and claret, and champagne and 6alad-of such was the modest repast composed, and I Bhould not but think that the splenaidly dressed flunkey who waited upon us was ashamed of the poverty of the meal. The table in its abridged form wanted at least 'five-and-twentv people to fill it, and I should think that seventy of eighty guests could very comfortably have dined in the great room that formed the ground floor of the largest wir.g of the house. The walls were crowded with pictures, whether good or bad t do not know, and the furniture was of very magnificently carved oak, the back of the sideboard being pretty nearly as tall as the room, and enriched with all sorts of cut tings. Thought I, however old Hawke has earned bis money, plenty of it he must have ; and ?when I looked at the lovable, beautiful creature who sat at the head ot the table, and whose figure was thrown into sweet relief by the handsome livery of the fellow .who hung in the wake of her chair, and re flected upon the fortune she was pretty sure to step into-for so far as I had learnt there was but another child-and considered the crowds of handsome young men, and high born young men-men. who, if they had net the capacity of going forward were capable of goinf back to any extent, who would be only too happy to mingle their blood with old iHawke's for the privilege of possessing his lovely daughter ana his Australian sovereigns -I say that when I loked at her and thought thus, my heart sank, a gloom fell upon my spirits, and I felt disposed to curse the chance that had brought me acquainted with my ancle, and led to my visit to Clifton. By and by the footman went out of the room. I was fumbling over a peach when Amelia said-quite sequentially, for the con versation led up to the remark-" Florence, dear, are you glad or sorry that Mr. More combe is coming?-' " Now, you know, Amelia, that I don't care a snap of the finger either one way or the other," answered Miss Hawke laughing. "Is Mr. Morecombe a connexion of yours, Miss Hawke ?"' said I, looking and talking in nocently. ''Tell my cousin he would like to be, Florence," exclaimed Amelia chuckling, and Bqueezing grapes into her mouth, and looking at me with a kind of leer, as if she wished me to know she approved of my pre iended ignorance. " No, he is no connexion," answered Miss Hawke. very quietly. " He is a son of Sir Reginald Store combe, a person my father lias a nigh regard for. He is coming here on a visit-Mr. Seymour, will you please give me a peach? What was the meaning of the smile that flitted over her face? Could she read in me that I was half-mad to ask her if there was the faintest chance in the woild of her com plying with her papa's desire ? Well, I must nave been an ass to suppose that she could Interpret my thoughts like that. Yet my mind was so full at that moment that I could not but suspect she had caught a glimpse of a portion of what was whirling and sim mering in it " What is young Mr. Morecombe ?" said I. "An army man?" "He is nothing," said Miss Hawke. " Very much nothing at all," observed Amelia. I waited breathless, thinking that Miss Hawke would speak in his favour. " I am afraid ne is rather a fool," said she ; whereupon I laughed at the top of my voice. " Why were fools invented ?" I exclaimed, as lively as a sparrow on a sudden. " To mitigate any spirit of discontent that might Sometimes visit monkeys ? Or as standards or measuring the intellect of ladies ?" t" Why do you say that ?" cried Amelia. ''Are women only fit for fools ?" "No, no !" said L "The women who are above fools can't be measured by them. I am speaking of women who allow fools to make love to them and who end in marrying fools." "A girl may marry a fool and not know he is a fool until she finds him her husband," said Hiss Hawke. I wouldn't have contradicted her to sava my life; but for all that I didn't agree with her. A man, it is true, may prove a bigger fool after marriage to his wife than he seemed before, because his wife has had the chance of looking deeper into him; but if he was ever a fool at all, he was a fool before his marriage, And the woman knew it " I should not object very much to stupid men," said Amelia, "if they were foolishly amiable and not generally conceited. I don't rofess to know much about Mr. Morecombe, ut so far as I have gone, what annoys me most in him is this : when he puts his glass Into his eye and looks around, there can be no Question that he thinks himself a person of consequence, and that he^ embellishes life. He ! Oh, my dear! whenever I meet with what papa calls a swell, I always wonder how many feet high it would be necessary to mount into the air to look down and not be Able to see the noble creature." "How terribly democratic they are in America, Mr. Seymour!" exclaimed Miss Hawke, laughing. " In Australia, you know, we reverence pedigree." " Yes, the Australians are a loyal people; they believe in lords, and sing ' God Save the Queen,'" said I. "And don't you see, Amelia, that your notion of going into the air and losing sight of the swell hits the man of genius too. Would little Thomas Moore have been visible three miles down?" " Not his body, but the best part of him would," said Miss Hawke, ''for Amelia could take the ' Irish Melodies' into the air with her." I should have praised this as a neat turn in anybody, but coming from Miss Florence it Bounded to me incomparably fine. I was de . lighted, and it was worthy of Hook. (Why Hook? I must have meant Hood.) "Pray. Miss Hawke," said L 'where is Flora?" "Flora? Oh, poor dear old Flora, I am sorry to say, is not well. The housekeeper is nursing her downstairs. But you are .not Borry, are you ? You think her vicious. Even bad she been well I should not have intro duced her. And yet she cannot bite. She has no teethl" "You Bhould order a false set for her/' says Amelia with a sober face. "Hove poor .old Flora," continued Miss Hawke, in ber tender voice. [Observe! It was'delightful to hear her say "Ilove." >Her lips were made to form the words, ber ipce to look the thought expressed!] "She was my mother's pet, and has been mine ever since mamma died. It will grieve me when poor JTJpra goes; and I simply hate the coach snab lor telling me this morning that he's afraid she will not last mnch longer." "Don't let the coachman distress yon," saidl floftly. I hare a poor opinion of cp^chmen as abody. They Know very little. jLet tiiem stick to horses and leave dogs fdone.*''. it is time" to go," said Amelia, Jopkingat theclock. " Why, Florence, your o'clock and finding us still at lunch." And up sbe jumped. Miss Ilawke begged her uot to be in a hurry: it was only half-past two. For my part I should have been willing to go on stopping until 1 had been turned out; but I could uot stay without Amelia, and Amelia declared sbe must go. So my cousin went to nut on her hat. and when that job-which kept me waiting twenty minutes-was per formed, we bade Miss Hawke farewell, and passed out of the house with all the state that could be conferred upon us by a footman holding open the door, a butler bowing, and another fellow in livery in the distance looking on. " I have thoroughly enjoyed my morning, said I, as we walked in the direction of my uncle's house. " I am very glad to hear it," replied Amelia. " We want you to enjoy yourself whilst you are with us. And I hope you will not be in a hurry to go." " You are all delightfully kind and good. This sort of life, I fear, will unfit me for lodgings in London. I am afraid it will make me want to get married, Amelia." " Well," says she, laughing, " you oughtnot to find much trouble when you do niake up your mind. You are very impressionable you will not be hard to please, will you?' " Why do you say that ? Here am I twenty five years old, and I have never been in love yet." " That may be," said she; " but you are in i love now, aren't you ?" I coloured, hestitated, and then exclaimed: " Yes, I think I am-I am pretty sure I am. How lovely 6he is! how gentle ! how kind ! who could help loving her ?" " That is what I mean by your being im pressionable," said Amelia, laughing plea santly. " You arrived here last evening: it is now about thre*? o'clock, and in that time you have fallen in love.' " Well, don't make a joke of it, Amelia. If it isn't permissible to fall in love with a girl like Florence Hawke almost as fast as one can look at her, why should nature allow the emotion to exist ? Eh, I think that's a puzzler, isn't it ?" and I heard myself laughing narshly. n " I am not making a joke of it, Jack,' answered Amelia. " I believe if I were a man I should fall in love with Florence myself. I don't mean to say that she is so toondrou-sly beautiful as the gentlemen profess to find her; but she has a sweet character, and if I were a man that i6 what I should like best in a wife.' " Yes, and that is exactly what I like best in Florence" (what a horrible hypocrite I was !). And then a cloud gathering upon my brow, " I wish," I mumbled moodily. " I had never seen her. I shall have her on tne brain, and no good can come of it Her father has got hold of the tiller and will steer her as he wants, and the very sweetness of character you speak of is just an assurance that she will answer her helm. Besides, what chance should / stand, in any case?" And with my stick I let fly at the twigs on the hedge past which we were walking. " I think she is disposed to like you, do you know, Jack?" said Amelia. " What put that into your head?" " We were talking of you in the bedroom, and she said she enjoyed your frank manners. It was like going a voyage to Bit with you, she said." " Ah!" " She also observed that the difference between a young man like Mr. Morecombe and a young man like you was the difference between the hot atmosphere of an evening party and the bright breeze of the sea-shore. No," she continued, " I'm wrong. It was I who said that But she agreed with me so thoroughly that it was just the same as if she had said it" " What else did she say?" " Why," she answered, trying to remember, " I think she then changed the subject by speaking of her dog." " May I smoke a cigar ?" I asked. She gave me permission. " Can you explain," I asked, ' how it is that Mr, Alphonso Hawke, if he is so very anxious to marry his daughter, both daughters I presume, to blood, should be living here instead of in London, where his means should enable him to get the class of man he wants about him?" " You say both daughters; but Emily Hawke is never likely to marry," answered Amelia. " The poor thing is little better than an invalid. She suffers from a weak or curved Bpine, and her chest is affected. Periodically sbe visits some fashionable doctor in London, and that is why, I believe, she is away with her father now. I am sure I cannot tell why Mr. Hawke does not live in London. Perhaps he is not so very sure of being able to get the society he likes. This place agrees with him and Emily, he told papa. Besides, if Mr. Morecombe comes up to his idea of an eligible young man, then, as he has got him, and as one is enough-for we are not Mormons at Clifton, Jack-he may think it would only be a waste of money to live in London for the sake of getting others." " What do you mean by got him, Amelia?" I rattled out " You don't mean to say that his marriage with Miss Florence is settled ?" " I believe it is in Mr. Hawke's mind, and no doubt in young Morecombe's. But not in Florence's ; she is not likely to accept a man sbe can ridicule." " That's no guarantee!" I muttered. " But, gracious mercy! if it is only a question of blood with Mr. Hawke, cannot he get higher than young Morecombe ?" " Yes, but he is evidently satisfied with the blood of the Morecombes." " I wish I could spill it 1 I wish some one would shed it!" I exclaimed. " If the father attacks his daughter on one side and the representatives of the blood of the More combes attack her on the other, she must yield; she is doomed; her amiability will be her fatality. She will be crushed under the ruins of her own good nature." " Is it not a little early for you to begin to tear your hair. Jack?" said Amelia, laughing heartily. *' Yon really cannot have made up your mind upon the state of your heart yet. Wait a little." "..Whatever may be the state of my heart, Amelia," said I, "I have bared it to you, and you mil respect the solemn secret you have beheld in it" " Oh, certainly!" " You will not breathe a word of this con versation to your papa or mama?" " Not a syllable. There is - nothing to breathe." £nd:as she Baid this, with difficulty preservings her gravity, we entered the grounds of my uncle's house. 