THE BLATCHFORD BEQUEST. (From Chmnbert's Journal.] In Focb Chapters.— Chapter III. f Continued;. Cuthbert had felt convinced of this fo^ many years ; but he wss act sorry to have clear proofs of his death. *' When did he die V he asked. ' How did he die 2 I have been trying for years to ascertain his fate. What proofs have you of his death !' The man gave a sort of a chuckle. 'I don't know about proofs, sir ; but when you've seen a fellow deliberately shot before your eyes, I gues3 you don't want much more proof, or burial certificate either.' 'Very well. If you saw him die, tell me all about it.' 'Tisn't much to tell, sir. I was down at San Francisco fourteen years ago this autumn, —Know Frisco, Mr. Wrey !' Cuthbert shook his head. ' Ought to know Frisco, sir. Tin grandest city in the world, but chockfall of villany. Somehow, all the scum of the universe turns up in Frisco. Suppose that's how I got there.' he added, rather sadly. ' Well, sir, one night I went into a drinking and gambling shop. aud sitting down there, I saw Ralph Blatch ford. I'd known him elsewhere, you see. ITp I went to him and held out my hand. 'Why, Mr. Blatchford,' I said— for Dandy Ralph was always above me in manners. He scowled. ' My name ain't Blatchford,' he said. ' All right,' I said. ' Let your name be what yon like, it don't matter to me.' Then I walked away ; but I couldn't help keeping; an eye on him. He sat down with some men and played cards. He seemed to be winning. They wero playing euchre. Know euchre, Mr. Wrey?'' Cuthbert's education in this direction ha! been neglected. He again shook his head. The speaker continued, slowly and medita tively, as though endeavoring to solve a men tal problem as he proceeded — ' Now, this ia what puzzles me about Ralph Blatchford. He must have been a fool — although we always thought him a smart clever chap— to go and play a stale worn-out trick on men like that. He mutt have been downright desperate, or fancied they would never expect him to insult their intelligence with such a poor affair. Anyhow, he iausl have been a fooL' '?Did he cheat ?'? asked Cuthbert. ' They all do, when they can,' answered the man simply, ' Bat he was clumsy at it. There was a flare-up ! Out came the shoot ing-irons. I sat down as low as I could in my chair— always do that, sir, when you see & derringer drawn— and when I looked up int two seconds Ralph Blatchford was a dying man.' 'What a place !' said Cuthbert, with a shudder. ' Well it is a hasty, sudden-death sort of a place ; but not so bad as you guess. If that , card hadn't been found on him the man who shot would have been strung up, and his kick ing all over in less than ten minutes. But the card was there, sure enough, so no one could say anything.' 'What a death!' said Cathbert, as his thoughts went back, and he heard the last words of affection and forgiveness spoken by, Honoria Blatchford to the one she bnlievecL. in the delirium of the moment, to be her penitent son— her son, who, months before, had been shot down a common cheat, in a gambling house. ' What an end !' But all doubts were now dispelled. He turned to his visitor. ' I am much obliged to you.' he said. ' for your information. What bad become of him has always been a mystery till now. You must allow me to remunerate you for your trouble, and I daresay you will like some refreshment. I will order it to be sent to you.' His visitor had not quite finished his tale. ' Thank you kindly, sir,' he said. ' I don't want any money; but I should like a bite and a sup. But, Mr. Wrey, there is some thing else I want to say.' ' Speak on. What is it V ' They carried him into a back room, sirj; and I thought the poor chap would like to see a face he knew, so I went to him. He knew mn «t-11 pnnntrVi r.Vipn T ao.t with Vim fill i+. was all over. Just before he died he turns to me — ' Dick,' he says, gasping — * Dick, I've been a bad un, and I'm dying like a dog. I've got a wite and a boy somewhere in Eng land ; find them out, and take them to my mother. She'll be good to them for my sake, although I don't deserve it,' Those were lialph's Blatchford's last words, sir.' Like one who dreams a dreadful dream,. Cuthbert heard these words. After all these years his fool's paradise had tumbled to pieces. A wife — a son! The very con tingency provided for by the dead woman. He stared for some moments at the speaker without the power of utterance. He knew human nature too well to doubt that the man was telling the simple truth. A wife and son ! waiting, perhaps, to claim what they could of the property, which had been bis so- lone. The bearer of these evil tidings looked at him so inquisitively, that he nerved himself: to make further enquiries; but when he spoke his voice was so changed that it seemed to the listener like the voice of another man. ' How is it ?' he asked— 'hew is it I only hear of this now — fourteen years after h& death ?' His informant looked uncomfortable, as if the pressing of the question would be un pleasant, 'I was bound for Australia next day,' he said ; ' so I put the matter by until I could earn some money and get back to England. But I lost all I made as soon as I got it, for years and years. It was only last year I had a streak of luck aud followed it up. I haven't been in England tvo months. Besides,' he added, rather defiantly, 'Ralph Blatchford was no particular friend oi mine ; I couldn't go hunting about England for * woman and a boy. I did see an advertisement ~ once in a Sydney paper about him.'-' - ; 'Why not have answered It?' :-: ' I was up in the bush : but I made shift to write a letter ; I sent it by a mate to Che , ? nearest post town. He was never heard of again. -iot lolled or lost in tne buan, L tuppose.' 'Then you know nothing about bis wife and child V 'Nothing whatever, sir. I'd almost for gotten about the whole affair. Only when I heard that talk about Mrs. Blatchford'* money her son's last word's came back to me. and I felt conscience struck like, and made up my mind to come and repeat them to you. That's all I've got to say, sir.' ' ; Cuthbert mused for a while. How came 16 *' tbat the widow had never applied to tiie ' old lady for .assistance ? Why had she taken no notice of the advertisements addressed to her late husband? Either she was dead or was in ignorance of her husband's true name and station in life; most likely the latter. ' What name did he pus under when yon saw him last The asked. His visitor scratched his head. ' Ah, there you have m& sir; I've been trying to remember * - it all the way down. I know I did hear it mt the tune. Wilson, or Johnson, or some coin monith name like that ; but for the life of m* 1 don't know which.' ' How can I find out ?' 'Only way I can think of is to get some one in 'Frisco to go to 'Daisy's Bar*— itfk still running, 1 know—and ask if any on* remembers a man who was shot there Sep tember 12. fourteen years ago. To be sure, ' there must have been a good many shot abort ? that time, but some one may be able to spot ~* the right one.' -:% . 'Tbank you. I will do so. Yon* turns - - s ' Richard Dunn's my name. Quay, Bristol. ^.^g will find me. I'm trying to do aonethiDCK *M ?^ai , . .^jaX^» ? i— ir_ i ? ? ? \- »sH*;«tf6tc I've a bit of money, aai s^at s t* llfcy in England if I can.' . ' Cmtbert rang the bell, and told the servant to minister to Mr. Dana's wants; *Us& ? bidding him good morning, left «ne noxwe 07 ! ; a aide entrance, and, unseen bj wife or ; cMldreii, departed ©n a soUtary walk through . the ceighboring lanes, in order to think the ! ; matter over without interraptioo. ! It wb« the wowtinteUigence he could have j received; even worse, he thought, than that j of the exietence of Ralph Blatchfprd. Despite the lapse Of years, the restrictions were to him binding as before. Yettobecalleduponto surrender all to a woman and child who night be living in the lowest rank of life, perhaps in crime, seemed preposterous. Besides, now he would have to surrender more than wealth ; he must give up ambition, rea'fred ambition with it. Would he have the strength to conquer this time ? He feared not. But that question must be postponed for the present. However, he acted even tually, whether true to his own idea of truth, whether he could bring hinmnlf to compound with his conscience, one thing was clear — Ralph Blatchford's widow and child must be found. Another day should not pass without aeps being taken to insure this. When found, and the necessity of action stared him in the face, he would decide what to do. Haxipg resolved this, he returned to the h nee. Although he was now old enough to have learned tbe way to control emotion, Mrs. Wrry saw that something was amiss with him. When dinner was over aud the day had closed, ahe sat beside him and looked into his face anxiously. 'Cuthbert, dear, something is worrying you. la it a public or private affair? I can at least share the last' He drew her dose to him. Should he tell her ? It was better not. Why should she be made anxious by thinking of a calamity which might never arrive ? She knew something of the moral obligation which overrode his legal title to his inheritance— that should Ralph Blatchford appear a great sacrifice must be made; but all o&Dger; of that seemed dis pelled years and years ago. 'Do I seem worried? ' he said, pleasantly. ' If so, I am ashamed of myself, as it is only a qncfition of money ; I may lose some so3n.' His manner reassured her. ' Is that alt ?' bhe said ; ' I feared it waa something worse than that.' He kissed her upturned face, and could opt refrain from saying, 'If I lost everything ia tbe world would yon be the same to me, Marion?' His wife took both his hands, and gazed earnestly into his eyes. ' 60 back ten years and answer that question for me. Think how yen first saw me— how you took me from a dependent position, and gave me love, trust, and everything worth living tor. Oh, my husband, how good you have been to me ! ' Marion Wr-=y spoke the truth. In linking his life with fcers Cuthbert had made no grand alliii^e. She brought him neither wealth ncr influence. Ten years ago he had met her &t; the house of a clerical friend, th 3 Rev. Mr. Mayne. She was a pale, sad, bat beautiful girl, who had awakened his interest at once. For some time she had been actini as governess to his friend's children. A faint resemblance she bore to the first woman he bad ever loved appealed to Cathbert ; and after seeing her a few times, interest grew into admiration, and admiration culminated ixra love. He was not a man to linger loDg in suspense. One day he went to her and asked her to be his wife ; pleading for- the gift of her love in so earnest a way, thit ehe could not fail to understand the depth of the passion he felt. Yet the girl hesitated. She made no secret of tbe fact that she loved him, bat begged for a couple of days' grace before ate gave the promise he cravei Puzzled, bat hopeful, he left her ; returning at the time specified for her answer. Marion took his hand. ' I have thought and thought,' she said, 'but I cannot decide. Will you take me just as I am— just as you find me — without one question as to my past, or one alusion to it ? My life has been a bitter one ; and if I become your wife let me bury and utterly blot out the past. Will you, can 3 ou do this 'i ' With a lover's impetuosity he vowed that neither now nor hereafter did he care or would he wish to know anything save and except that she loved him ; and as, without a shadow of evil in them, her clear eyes met his, he knew that he should never regret or wish to break the vow. ' If,' she said, after a pause — 'if you think I ask too much, go to Mr. Mayne ; he knosra my history. It is a sad one— so sad, that I should like to think you never heard it.' Bnt Cuthbert preferred to trust entirely, and keep Mb promise, like a loyal man he was. If there had been sorrow, let it be buried for ever. Marion's happiness was his future charge. They weremarried almost immediately, and from that hour every trace of sadness vanished from Marion's face. Every day her husband thought she grew more beautiful. She was twenty-six when Cuthbert married her ; and now, ten years afterwards, she was a fair, refined, dignified woman, fit to move in the best society, and doing the honors of her house to, often, distinguished visitors with perfect grace and composure. Dearly as she loved her husband, much as she longed fox bis constant presence, she was no bar to the success of his ambition. His aims were he», and she conld make any sacrifice to compass what he had at heart. No husband and wife could have been better matched, and none loved better. Yet Cuthbert decided not to tell her the purport of Mr. Dunn's visit until something moredefinite was ascertained. The nextday he went up to town and made arrangement with a noted enquiry agent to send some one at once to San Francisco, in the hope of getting some information about a man, name un known, who, fourteen years ago, was shot like a dog in a gambling saloon. Then dia missing, as far as he could, the whole thing from bis mind, he went back to what holiday he conld allow himself. Chapter IV. — Conclusion. It was several months before the agent re turned from America. He had been ordered to spare neither time nor money, and had kept his instructions to the letter, but with little result as yet. Having after some trouble ascertained that the man who was shot, as described by Mr. Dunn, passed under the same of Window, he went to work to trace him back. It was a difficult task, but it would have been even more so had not the so-called Winslow, by sundry viUanous acts, left his memory green in the minds of some he had come in contact with. It will doubtless seem as though the search was begun at the wrong end ; but years ago the other way had failed. From the time when he quarrelled irrevocably with hia mother, Blatchford could be traced a certain distance then he disappeared. At last the age t returned. By the merest chance e had found a man who had sailed from Liverpool in the same boat that carried Blatchford or Winslow. He, like Other*, had reasons of his own for remembtricg him. So this was the result of the enq liry .- Blatchford sailed from 'Liverpool at a certain date, under the name of Winslow. After a short but discreditable career in various ci tie- in North and South America, he had met hi fate as described. Nothing was kno^c about his wife. Cuthbert heard the agent's report. ' We had better advertise for .Mrs. Win slow,' that gentleman suggested. * Cuthbert considered. 'Not yet,' he said. ' Go down to Liverpool, and try and trace back from there. He was a saloon passenger, yon say. Most likely he stayed at a good hotel. A list of the guests may show where he came from, as he appears to have been contented with one alias. Go down and see what you can do ; but don't write me or come to me until you think the case hopeless, or until you have learnt all.' The agent went his way, and Cuthbert fenev that the time was drawing near when the old battle must be refought. He strove to dismiss the matter from his mind ; but, do what be would, it was always with him. Dreading that each post would bring news of the missing people, despite himself, the man's manner changed. He grew moody, pre occupied, and silent; even the smile with which he greeted bis wife and children was different— so different, that for the first time since ahe had been married, Mftr*tn Ray felt unhappy and full of strange fears. It was about « month after her husband's last interview with the confidential agent, that Marion sat alone. Cuthbert had gone to the north of England to speak at an im portant meeting, held that night in a large town, one of the strongholds of his anta gonists. Although — the Wreys being now people of some note— Marion had half a dozen invitations for tills particular evening, she preferred - spending it at home and alone. She aat thinking of many things, past and present, but most of all of Cuthbert's changed manner of late. It had for some time been a source of neat uneaainess to her. He did not complain or show any sign of illness; be was sanguine as to the outcome of public anairs; bis ambition was not so high as to ensure ^disappointment. What, then, had changed him— changed his way of speaking, changed his smile? Could tt be, she thought! with the quick suspicion of a loving woman, that his affection for her waa waning? Didhe at lart begin to think that, in marrying one so lowly as herself, he had thrown a chance away 2 But such thoughts were but passing ones. He had given her too many proofs of the endurance of his love to permit her to harbor such unworthy doubts. Yet she sighed, and prayed that whatever weighed upon her husband's might be removed, or that he would let herahare the burden. Aiter a while abe row and rang the beU. 'Brin- me to-nightii letters,' the said. Cothbert kept no aecretary. He was an eoergeOc man, equal to any amount of work : bnfcwnfiit the House was sitting Us corres pondence waa » voluminous, that noently hi Wife opened many of bis letUrsTaod crffxc them according to the importance they r.wre. In this way she saved him much time. There was a goodly tale to-night. She opened and examined each letter in turn— all Baveone or two, which she laid aside nn- touched, knowing from the initials on the envelopes that they contained political matter so weighty that she must not be the first to read it. Presently she came upon a thick packet, sealed and registered. It bore the Liverpool postmark, and was marked 'Private'— but so was every second en velope. Without heeitatation she broke the cover and drew the letter out, leaving the other papers which accompanied it be hind. ' A begging petition with testimo nials,' she said as she opened the letter, pre paring to take a hasty glance at its contents. As she 'unfolded the paper a small bright ob ject dropped from it on to her lap. It was a gold cross, one arm of which was broken off. She took it in her hand, looked at it for a moment, and then started as .if a snake had bittt-n her. With the trinket si».l in her hand, she turned .to the letter, and her face grew paler with every line she read. The missive was short ; its meaning must have been plain, as Marion had no need to peruse it. As she read the last word, she let both letter and trinket fall, then, uttering a low cry of pain, placed her hands upon her eyes. 'Oh, my darling,' she moaned, 'and this the reason — this why you have changed so, lately ! My love, I may have deserved it, but not like this!' So she sorrowed for a time, then her mood changed. She rose, and dashing her tears away, paced the room like a queen. ' If an angel had told me this, I would have laughed fcim to scorn 1 After so many years — so many happy years ! Cath bert, Cuthbert! wby did you do it? Ho* could you do it? It was year ri »l-t to know. Had you wished it, I would have told you - told you freely, in spite of your promise. Bat oh ! to learn it like thi% through a hire* spy 1' Then her proud bearing forsook her, and the hot tears sprang forth again. Bat at last she grew coil posed ; but there w&s; a world of sweet regret in the words she ad dressed to her absent husband— ' Yes, you will etill love me, and I shall forgive even this. But never, never again shall we bo the same to each other— never quite the same, Cuthbert !'! ?She looked at the contents of the packets. Two or three letters in a woman's hand writing — one well known to her— which gate her tbe feeling as of ghosts rising from the past. She replaced everything in the cover, and locking it away, sat late into the night, thinking and thinking — longing for the morrow to end her suspense. The next day Cuthbert returned just ia time to greet her for a moment before he went down to the House. He had a question on the notice-paper, one that he knew would stick like a barbed arrow into the Home Secretary's well-seasoned flank. He was iu better spirits than usual. ' We shall smite them hip and thigh '.' be cried. 'Inside their own fortresses we shsll slay them; My darling, bow ill you look What is the matter?' ' I have passed a bad night,' she faltered. She could not reproach him at that moment. She could not understand why, with that letter waiting for him, his voice should ex press such unmistakable anxiety and solici tude. 'Lie down, dearest,' he said, 'and re*'. till I come home. 1 shall be back to dinner.' He kiseed her, and went to St. Stephen's. Except for the fear as to what news any po:-t might bricg him from his detective, he was very joyous. Every paper had a leader on the speeches of last night, and bis speech li*d been an important and favorably criticised one. He was in good spirits when be came home to dinner. His bout with the Home Secretary had succeeded to a marvel. His manner to Marion, who still looked worn and weary, had never been more affectionate. She f cic bewildered. Dinner o per, he must go to his duties agsir. She could not let the moment pa«s. Sue placed herself in a low chair near him— her favorite seat. 'Must you gc to the House to-night, Outhbert?' 'I don't know about 'must,' I ought lo, although there will be no division of impor tance. If you feel ill, my darling, I will swy with you.' He kissed her so lovingly, tiiuc she knew it could be no pretence, acd wondered more and more. ' Hoy cold your lips are,' he said. ' Yes ; I will stay with you te-night.' She thanked him, but waited a while, as ia deep thought, before she spoke again. ' Cutb bert,' she said, sweetly but gravel r, 'may I tell you a little tale of real life V He looked at her, and felt sure there was some grave meaning in her request. 'By all means,' he said. Calm as she forced herself to be, her heart beat and her hand trembled as she drew out the little broken gold cross and placed it in his hand. He looked at it and then at her enquiringly. ' That was given me, years ago,' she said with an effort, 'by the man who was my husband, or who I fancied was my husband.' Cuthbert started. ' Wait a moment, Marion. I did not ask for this. I do not want it. But if you wish to tell me, tell me with your hand in mine ; for I swear what ever you may choose to let me know shall make no difference between us.:- Hia voice was passionate as when he first pleaded for her love. She did not understand. She looked at him almost dreamily, but did not place her hard in his, 'No, Cuthbert. Itmayba I shell have a question to ask you. Let me tell it my own way.' He saw ehe was quite serious, so listened with growing fear. ' I was but a girl,' the Baid, very quietly and with her eyes cast down — 'a cirl of twenty. He told me he loved me. He was young, and I believed would change his manner of life for my sake. £ married him. For a few months I was happy ; then I found him as he really was — a false liar, a coward, a swindler. When years afterwards he told me I was tot even his wife— ^hat even in that he had deceived me, I think, in spite of the shame, my heart leapt for joy. He could claim me no more. Did I wrong you, my Cuthbert, by marrying you? I was only sinned against. My silence must have made you think it even worse than this. Now, I will give you your letter.1' Cuihbert was very grave. ' Why do you tell me this, Marion ? 1 was of course bound to guess at eomethicg of the kind. Why teli me now 'i I never asked ; I never wished to know.' He had cot noticed her mention of the letter, nor would he have known what she meant by it. She drew it from her breast. ' My husband,' she said sadly, as she handed it to him, ' we can never be quite as we were before you did this thing, ftjou doubted, wby not have asked me? Why not have tsked Mr. Mayne ? I will not reproach you, but jeu have degraded both me and your self.' He took the letter in stupid astonishment. That he and Marion were at cross-purposes, that she was under some delusion, was evident. What it was he could only learn from reading the letter, so, without another word, he read : — Dear Sir— I would have seen you, but am ordered away on an affair of great importance. I do cot neglect your interests in going. A child might now follow the clue. Winslow and his wife lived for some tine at D ? . He left her— deserted her, probably, when he sailed for the States. She lived on at D ? for a while, trying to make an income by keeping a small school. Then she fell sexiouEly ill, and at last was taken away by a gentleman, whose name my informant forgets, tut who was rector of St. Winifred's, a church on the outskirts of London. This should be ample for your purpose ; but I enclose some letters, and a trinket left behind her, when she quitted the house at which she lodged. As he finished the letter and read the sig nature of his confidential agent, Cuthbert's head felt in a whirl. It was some little time before he could see the connection be tween his wife's grief and this letter which brought tbe dreaded moment close to hand. His first thought was that Marion was troubled by his having concealed tbe matter from her. He glanced at the letter once more, and this time the mention of St. Winifred's arrested his attention. The whole truth came to him like a flash of lightning. Astonishment no longer expressed his state. He stared at his wife. She stood with her eyes cast down, her beautiful face pale and sad, and with tears slowly running down her cherks. 'But the child!' gasped Cathbert— 'your child !' Still ignorant of the truth, she looked at him with reproachful eyes. Why should he wish to probe every old wound ? 'Poor little baby !' she said—' poor little boy. The only t ting in all that time I can look back to with a happy thought— the only gleam of sunshine in my life. But he died, Cuthbert— died before I wrote to my old friend Mrs. Mayne, begging her to come and cave me from starvation or worse. Then it was I said I will have no past.' Cuthbert rose and clasped his wife to his heart. Had she wished to resist, those strong loving arms of his would have made resis tance useless. 'Marion, my wife, my darling 1'. he cried, ' can you not understand ? I have bees send ing across the world to find traces of the widow and son of Ralph Blatchford, to whom, if I oould have done what was right, I most have given op nearly every farthing of the wealth we enjoy; and from this letter I learn that Balph Blatchford waa the man who married yon under the assumed name of Window ! Marion, if yon understood what this means tome, to yon, to the children, you would be happier than ever yon nave been before !' Marion understood. She laughed a half delirious, but entirely happy laugh; her hand ?tele into her husband's, and the whole ques tion of the Blatehford bequest waa ended, aadat rest lor «rer. 