PHANTOM POETFN E. By MISS BR&DDON;, Author of ' Lady Audley 's Secret,' ' Taken at tbn Flood,' ' A Strange World,' ' Dead Men's Shoes,' *' Weavers and Wef t,' ' Just As I Am,' &c;, &c; [Published by special arrangement; with the author. Ml rights reserved ] THE NARRATIVE. Chai tee XXVI.—' Roses Choked among Thorns and Thistles.' (Continued, i They drove down to Rood Hall early next week, Sir George conveying them in his drag, with a change ot horses at Maidenhead. The weather was peerless; the country ex quisite, approached from London. How different that river landscape looks to the eyes of tbe traveller returning from the wild West of England, the wooded gorges of Corn wall and Devon, the Tamar, and the Dart. Chen how small and noor and moan seems silvery Thames, gliding peacefully between his willowy bank, 3inging his lullaby to the whispering sedges ; a poor little river, a flat common- place landncape, says tho traveller, fresh from moorland and tor, from the rocky shore of the Atlantic, the deep clefts of tbe great red hills. To Lesbia's eyes the placid stream and the green pastures, breathing odors of meadow sweet and clover, seemed passing lovr.ly. rjfi' was pleased with ber own hat. and parasol too, which made her graciously dixposcd toward* the landscape ; and the last piik'it of cI'jvpi from North Auyley-strect fitted without a wrinkle. Tbe glove-rosker wai beginning to understand her hand, which was a stu ly for a sculptor, but which had its Lizzie peculiarities. Nor was she ill-dipposed to Mr, Smithson, who bad conn up to town by an early traiD, in order to lunch in Arlington- Btrfset. an3 go back by coach, seated just btuind Lsdy Le&bis;, who bad the box-seat beside Sir George. The drive was delightful, It -^as a few minutes after 5 when~ the coach drove p-nt the picturesque old gate-honse into Mr. Smithaon's Park, and Rood Hall lay on the loir ground in front of them, with its bask to the river. It was an old red brick house, ia the Tudor style, with an advanced porch, aa-i four projecting wings, three storeys high, with picturesque spire roofs, overtopping the main building. Around the house ran a boldly carved stone parapet, bearing the herons and bulrushes which were the cogni sance of the noble race for which the mansion was built. Numerous projecting mullioned windows broke up the line of the park front. Lefcbia was fain to own that Rood Hall was even better than Park- lane. In London Mr. Stnitheon had created a palace, but it was a rjew palace, which still had a faint flavor of bricks and mortar, and which was &pt; to remind the spectator of tha*: Kcnderfol erection of Aladdin, the famous parvenu of eastern story. Here, in B9rk shire, Mr. Smitbscn had dropped into a nest which had bf on kept warm for him for three cen turies, aired and beautified by generations of a ncble race that had obligingly decayed and dwindled in order to make room for Mr, Smithson. Here the parvenu had bought a home, mtllowed by the slow growth of years, touched into poetic beauty by the chastening firgers cf time. His artist frieDds told hiai thai fcvtry brick in the red walls was 'prc- cicuv' a mystery cf color which only a painter could fitly understand and value. Here he had bought associations, he had bought his to»-y. He had bought the dust of Elizabeth's senators, the bones of her court beauties. The coffins in the mausoleum yonder ia the fcrcy depths of the park, the vill≥ churah just ontfiide the gates, these had all gone with the property. Lesbia went up the grand staircase, through tbe long corridors, in a dream of wonder. Brought up at Felleide, in that new pgrt cf the Westmoreland house which had teen built by ber grandmother and had no bistci-y, she felt thrilled by the sober splen dor ot this fine old manorial mansion. All «as soucd and substantial as if created yes Uiday, so well preserved had been the goods scd chattels of the noble race, and yet all were such unmistakable marks of age. The deep rich coloring of the wainscot, the faded hues of the tapestry, the draperies of costliest velvet and brocade were all sobered by the passing of years. Mr. SmithEon had shown his good taste in having kept all things as Sir Hubert Heron ville. the last of his race, had left them ; and the Heronvilles had been one of those grand old Tory races which change nothing of the past. Lady Lesbia's bedroom was the state chamber which had been occupied by kings and queens in days of yore. That grandiose four poster, with the carved ebony columns, cut velvet curtains, and plumes of ostrich feathers, had been built for Elizabeth, when *he deigned to include Rood Hall in one of her royal progresses. Charles the First had rested bis weary head upon those very pillows btfcie he went on to the inn at Uxbridge, vi Lei e he was to be lodged less luxuriously. James tb« Second had stayed there when Duke cf York, with Mistress Anne Hyde, before he had acknowledged his marriage to the multitude ; and Anne's daughter had occupied the same room as Queen of England fcrty j €ers l&ter; ; and now the royal chain, ber, with adjacent dressing - room, and oratory, and spacious boudoir, all in the same suite, was reserved for Lady Lesbia Baselden. ' I m afraid you are spoiling me, she told Mr. Smithscn, when he aaked If she approved of the rooms that had been allotted to her. ' I feel quite ashamed of myself among the ghosts of dead and gone queens.' ' Why so ? Surely the royalty of beauty has as divine a right as that of an anointed sovereign.' ' I hope the rcyal personages don't walk,' exci&imedlLacy; Kirkbarjkin her girlish tone, ' this is just the house in which one would expect ghosts.' Whereupon Mrs. Mcyetyn hastened to en lighten the company upon the real causes of of ghost-seeing, which she had lately studied in ' Carpenter's Mental Physiology,' and favored them witn a diluted version of the views of that authority. This was at afternoon tea in the library, where the brass-wired bookcases, filled with mighty folios and handsome octavos in old bindings, looked as if they had notbeen opened for a century. The literature of past ages furnished the room and made a delightful background. The literature of the present lay about on tne tables and testified that the highest intellectual flight of the inhabitants of Rood Hall was a dip into the Contemporary or the Nineteenth Century, or the perusal of the last new scandal in the shape of reminis cences or autobiography. One large round table was consecrated to Mudie, another to Kolandi. On the one side you had Mrs. Oli phant, on tbe other Zola, exemplifying the genius of the two nations. After tea Mr. Smithson's visitors, most oE whom had arrived in Sir George's drag, ex plored the grounds, and these were lovely beyond expression, in the low afternoon light. Cedars of Lebanon spread their broad shadows on the veket lawn; yews and Wcllingtonias, cf mighty growth, made an atmosphere of gloom in some parts of the grounds. One great feature was the ladies' gardcD, a spot apart, a great square garden surrounded with a laurci wall, eight feet high, containing a rose garden, where tbe choicest specimens grew and flourished, while in the centre there was a circular fish pond and a fountain. There was a lavender walk, too, another feature cf the grounds at Rood Hall, an avenue of tall lavender bushes, much affected by the stately dames of old. Modern manners preferred the river ter race as a pleasant place on which to loiter at evening, to watch tbe boats flashing by in the evening light, or the eun going down behind a fringe of willows on tbe opposite bank. This Italian terrace, with its statues, and carved vases filled with roses, fuchsias, and geraniums, was the great point of rendez vous after dinner at Rood Hall — an ideal spot whereon to linger in the deepening twilight, from which to gaze upon the moonlit river later on in the night. The windows of the drawing-room and musictoom and ballroom opened on to this terrace, and the royal wing— the tower shaped wing now devoted to Lady Lesbia, looked upon the terrace and the river. 'Lovely as your house is altogether, I think this river view is the best part of it,' said Lady Lesbia, as she strolled with Mr. Smithson on the terrace after dinner, dressed in India muBlin, which was almost as poetical as a vapor, and with a cloud of delicate Use wrapped round her bead. 'I think I shall spend half of my life at my boudoir window, gloating over that delicious landscape.' Mr. Meander, the poet, was discoursing to a select group upon that peculiar quality of willows which caused them to shiver, and quiver, and throw little lights and shaiowd on the river, and on the subtle, ineffable beauty of twilight, which, perhaps, however utterly beautiful in {he abstract would have been more agreeable to him personally if he had not been surrounded by a cloud of gnats, wbich refused to be buffeted off hi* laurel crowned bead. While Mr. Meander poetised In bis usual eloquent style, Mrs. Moityn, as a still newer light, discoursed as eloquently to a little knot of women, imparting valuable information upon the anatomical structure and individual peculiarities of those ,, various insects which are the peats of a *umoer'« evening. 'You don't like gnats!' exclaimed the lady; 'bow ve»y extraordinary, ©j ypa; know I bare fyeptdajs asd 'weeks upon the *tudy of tbilr *aW« *aa deit little ways, 'They are fhe .most i&tcrlesria;^ creahifes— f*r tuoerior to au «&4Blr)2ccW Ite t«xkx»w that they fight, and that they have tribes which are life-long enemies -like those dreadful Corsicaos-ahd that; they make graves and bury eacho therj alive; if they can ; and they hold veEtries, and have burial boards. They are most absorbing creatures, if you only give yourself up to the study of them ; but ir is no use to be half-hearted in a study of that kind. I went withont so much as a cap of tea for twenty-four hours, watching my gnats, for fear the opening of the doorKhculd startle them. It was dreadful, but I had my reward.' ' How interesting, how noble of you,' cx claitced the other ladies ; and then vhrybsgia to talk about bonnets, and about Mr. Smith ton, to speculate how much money this house and all his other houses had cost him, aad to consider if he w--3 really rich, or if he were only one of thote great financial wiadbAgt which so often explode and Jeave the world Bghast, marvelling at the ease with which it has been deluded. They wondered, too, whether Lady L^sbls Eetelden meant to marry him. ' Of course she does, my dear,' answered Mrs. Mcstyn decisively. ' you don't suppose that aft- r having studied the habits! of gnats I cacnot read such a poor shallow creature as a silly vain girl. Of course Lady Lesbia means to marry Mr. Siuithsoti'a fine houses, and ehe is cniy amusing herself and s oreliios her o *a ircptrlance by letting him dangl-j in a kind «.f Mji-pcnee which is not suspense; for he krjowH as well as she dees that* she means to boAe iiim.:- The i:-xt dey was given lip first to seeing tin: htusR, an amusement vrhica lasted vary well for the first hour after breakfast, and thi n to wandtrirg in a desultory manner, to rowing, and canoeing, snd a little sailing, and a need deal of screaming and pretty timidity upon the blue bright river ; to gathering wild flowerB and ferns in rustic lanes, and to an at fresco luncheon in the wood at Medmenham, and then dinner, and then music, an evening spent half within and half without the music room, cigarettes sparkling like glowworms on the terrace, tall talk from Mr. Meander, lonp quotations ft cm his own muse and that of Itessitti. a little Shelley, a little Keats, a good deal cf Swinbournc. The festivities were late on the second evening, as Mr. Smithson had invited a good many people from the neigh borhood, but the house party were not the less early on the following morning, which was the first Henley day. It was a peerless morning, and all the brass- ' work of Mr. Smithson's launch sparkled and shone in the sun as she lay in front of the terrace. A wooden pier, a portable construc tion, was thrown out to enable the company to go en board the launch without the possi bility of wet feet or damaged raiment. Lcsbia's Chaumont costume wa? a success. The women praised it, the men stated and admired. The dark- blue silken jersey, sparkling with closely studded indigo beads, fitted the slim graceful figure as a serpent's ecalc fit the serpent. The coquettish little blue silk toque, the careless cluster of gold colored poppies in the glossy brown hair.- the large sunshade of old gold satin, the ilouaced petticoat cf softest Indian silk, the dainty little tan-colored boots with high heels and pointed toes, were all perfect after their fashion ; and Mr. Smitbson felt that the liege i lady of his life, the woman he meant to mirr? , vii'ly nilly, would bs the belie of the rase- j course. Nor was he disappointed. Every body in London bad heard of Lady Lesbia | Haselden. Her photograph was in all the j Wcit-eEd windows, was enshrined in t*io albums of South Kensington and Clapham. j Maida Vale and Haverstook 11:11. P.'.opie whoie circles weie far remote froia L».dy Ltsbia's ciicle were as familiar with her beauty as if they had kEOvrn her from her cradle. And all these outsiders wanted to see her ic the flesh, just as they always thirst to beheld royal personages. So when it be came known tbat the beeutiful Lady Lssbii Haselden was on board Mr. Saulbscn's launch, all the people in the small boats, or en neighboring barges, made it their baaisc&s; to have a good look at her. The launch --v-is almost mobbtd by thoae inquisitive little boats in the intervals between she races. 'What are the people all stsriug and hustling each other for?' aaked Lssbia, inno cently. She had seen the same hustling and whispering and staring in the hall at the opera, when &he; was waiting for her carriage ; but she chose to affect unconsciousness. ' What do they all want ?' ' i thinK they want to see you,' saia Mr. Smithson, who was sitting by her side. ' A very natural desire.' Lesbia laughed, and lowered the big yellow sunshade so as to hide herself altogether from the starers. ' How silly,' she exclaimed. ' It is all the fault of those horrid photographers ; they vulgarise ev«rjthing and everybody. I will never be photographed again.' ' Oh, yes, you will, and in that frock. It's ibe prettiest thing I've seen for a long time. Why do you hide yourself from those poor wretches who keeping rowing backwards and forwards in an obviously aimless way just to get a peep at you en passant. What happi ness for us who live near you, and can gaze when we will, without all those absurd matoeuvfcs. There goes the gun— and now fora hard fought race.' Lesbia pretended to be interested in the racing; she pretended to be gay, but her faeait was as heavy as lead. That burden of debt, which had been growing ever since Serapbine sent in her bill, was weighing her down to the dust. She owed three thousand pounds. It seem sd incredible that she should owe so much— that a girl's frivolous fancies and extravagances could amount to such a sum within so short a span. But thoughtless purchases, ignorant orders bad run en from week to week, and the main result was an indebtedness of close upon three thousand pounds. Three thousand pounds! The sum was continually sounding m ner ears line tne cry of a screech owL The very ripple of the river flowing so peacefully under the blue summer sky seemed to repeat the words. Three thousand pounds ! ' Is it much?' she wondered, having no standard of comparison. ' Is it very much more than my grandmother will expect me to have spent in the time? Will it trouble her to have to pay thoae bills ? Will she be very angry ?' Tfceae were questions which Lesbia kept askiDg herself in every pause of her frivolous existence— in such a pause as this, for in stance, while the people round her were standing breathless, open- mouthed, gazing after the boats. She did not care a straw for the boats, who won or who lost the race. It was all a hollow mockery. Indeed, it seemed just eow that tbe only real thing in life was these accursed bills, which would have to be paid somehow. She had told Lady Maulevrier nothing abcut them as yet. She had allowed herself to be advised by Lady Kirkbank, and she had taken time to think. But thought had given her no help. The days were gliding onward, and Lady Maulevrier would have to be told. She meditated perplexedly about her grandmother's income. She had never heard the extent of it, but had taken for granted that Lady Maulevrier was rich. Would three thousand pounds make a great inroad on that income ? Would it be a year's income — half a year's ? Lesbia had no idea. Life at Felkide was carried on in an elegant manner — with considerable luxury in house and garden — a luxury of flowers, a lavish ex penditure of labor. Yet the expenditure of Lady Maulevrier's existence, spent always on the same spot, must be as nothing to the money spent in such a life as Lady Kirk bank's, which involved the keeping up of three or four houses, and costly journeys to and fro, and incessant change of attire. No doubt 'Lady Maulevrier had saved, money; yes, she must have saved thousands duringuber long seclusion, Leebia argued. Her grandmother had told her that she was to look upon herself as an heiress. This could only mean that Lady Maulevrier had a for tune to leave her; and this being .so, what could it matter if she had anticipated some of her portion? And yet, and yet, there was in her heart of hearts a terrible fear of that stern dowager, of the cold scorn ia those splendid eyes when she should stand revealed in her all her foolishness, her selfish, mind less, vain extravagances. She, who had never been reproved, shrank with a sickly dread from the idea of reproof ; and to be told that her career as a fashionable beauty had been a failure, that would be the bitterest pang of all. Soon came luncheon, and Heidseck, and then an afternoon which was gayer than the morning had been, inasmuch as every one talked and laughed more after luncheon. And then there was 5 o'clock tea on deck, under the striped Japanese awning to the jingle of banjos, enlivened by the wit of buck-faced minstrels, amidst wherries and canoes, and gondolas, aad ponderous house boats, and snorting launches, crowding the aides of the sunlit river, in full view of the crowd yonder in front of the Red Lion, and here on this nearer bank, and all along either shore, fringing the green meadows with a gaudy border of well- dressed humanity. It was a gay scene, and Lesbia gave herself up to the amusement of the boor, and talked and chaffed, as she bad learned to talk and chaff in one brief season, holding her own against all comers. Rood Hall looked lovely when they went back to it in the gloaming, an Elizabethean pile crowned with towers. The four wings with their conical roofs, the massive project iDg windows, gray atone, ruddy brickwork, lattices reflecting the sunlight, Italian terraoe and blue river in the foreground, cedars and yews at the back, all made a splendid picture of an English ancestral borne. 'Nice old place, isn't it?' aaked Mr. Smithson, seeing laoshia'a admiring gaze si the launch Beared the ternce* They fcwo were ^landing in the bows apart from all the rtet,.' ...' .-...??:.?; ; ... ' r'KIce ? itii *in»plyjp*rttct.' . _. ; « Oh,ADliti»^« ,ff£fcrei««s*iiiin£ «antod ?'''irwii-wf 'A wife. Yon are the only penmtvbo can make any bouse of mine perfect Wffl jronf He took ber band, which she did not with* draw from his grasp. He bent bis head and kissed the little hand in its soft Swedish. glGVP. 'Will yon, Lashia?' he repeated earnestly,' ar.-? she answered softly, ' Yes.' That one brief syllable was more like a fligh than a spoken word, and it seemed to her m if in tbe utterance of that word the three thousand pounds had been paid. CiiArxER XXVIL— 'Knn- is my Lore Td« DAY. TO M0»KOW KlSD.' While Lady Lesbia. was draining the cupof L&:.d- n foliy and London care to the dregs, Ltdj- Mary was leading her usual quiet Ufa be eide the p.lassy lake, where the green bill* eides and thcc-p-walka were reflected in all their summer verdure under the cloudless azure of a. summer sky. A monotonous life— ? pacing dull as seen from the outside — and yet fiiary was v«ry happy, happy even in her ^cl-.t-jde, with the grave deep joy of a satisfied heart, a mind at rest. All life had taken ft new color tince her engagement to John Hammond. A sense of new duties, an »-rakening earnestness bad given a graver tree to her character. Her spirits were less wild, jet not less joyous than ol old. The joy was holier, deeper. Her lover's letters were the chief delight Of her lonely day?. To read them again and t. tiiiD, ar-d pocder upon them, and then to pour out. all her heart and mind in answering; 1fcem. These were pleasures eGough for any joung life. Hammond's letters '»ere such as »i.y jcuBg woman mighi; bo proud to receive, 'ifapy were not love letters only. H« wrote es friend to friend — not descending from the proud pir-E&\--le of masculine intelligence to the lower level of feminine silliness ; not writii-g down to a eiraple country girl's capa city ; but writing fully and fervently, as if there *as no subject too lofty or too grave for tbe understanding of hie betrothed. He wrote »« ciie pure of being sympathised with, vroto as to his second self ; and Mary showed fceisrlf not unworthy of the honor thus rendered to her intellect. 7,'bero was one world which had newly opened to M&ry; sicco her engagement, ana that was the world cf poiitiys, Hammond had told her that hia ambition teas to succeed as a politician— to do some good ia his day as one of the governing body ; sad from this time ithe had msde it h-?r business to learn how England and ithe world outside England were governed. She bad no natural leaning to the study of political economy. Indeed, .she bad always imagined any question' relating to the govern iccfct of her country to be inherently dry as dust 6 Ed uc inviting. But ha.i John Ham rcond devottd hia days to the study of Coptic manuscripts or the &rrowheaded; inscriptions upon Assyrian tablets she would have toiled her hardest in the endeavor to make herself c Ccptic scholar or an adept in the cunei- ... form cbaracter. If he had been a student of Chinese, she would not have been discomfited Vy the letters of the fifty thousand characters' in the Chinese alphabet. And eo, as he was to make his name in the arena cf public life, she set herself to acquire & proper understanding of the science oC politics ; snd to this end ehe gorged herself with English history, Hume, Hallam, Green, Justin MacOartby, PaJgrsvi?, L--cky, from X be days of Witenageroot to the Reform Bill, the Kepeal of the Corn Lavs, the I-is- tbtablitbmcnt cf the Irish Church, Ballot, Trade Ucioahm, and unreciprocated Free Trade. No question was deep enough to rrpri her ; for was not her lover interested ia the drjtt-t thereof ; &cd; what concerned him »Ed his welfare must needs hi foil of interest for her. To this ecd sh« read the debases religiously day by day ; and p.he oce day ventured shyly to tupgc-Et tbat she should 'r-: ad them aloud Io Lsdy Maulevrier. ' Wculd it rot be a little re«.t for you if I were to read ycur Times aloud to you every afternoon, grand mother ?' she a^ked. '.You r-ad so many books — English, French, and German, and I think soar eyes must get 8- little tired sometimes.' Mary ventured this remark with some timidity, for these falcon eyes were fixed upon her all the time, bright and clear and steady as the eyes of youth. It seemed almost an ' impertinence to suggest that such eyes should know weariness. ' No, Mary, my sight holds out wonder* ful'y for an oid woman,' replied her ladyship gently. 'The new theory of the hist oculist whose book I dipped into — a very amusing arwi interesting book, by the by—is that tha sight improves and strengthens by constant use, and that an agricultural laborer, who hardly uses his eyes at all, has rarely in the oech'Ljt; et iijc ao gocd a sight as the watch BT:ekr; cr 'hi- studcv.t I have read immensely ?J- cy l-.ie, and find my? elf no worse for that -.r-.ui!gei;ce. But; you may read the debates to me if you like, ruy dear, for if my eyes axe strci g I o.j-Kelf am very tired. Sick to death, Mary, sick to death. The splendid eyes turned from Mary, and looked away to the blue sky, to the hills in 1 1 h eir in- Sable beauty of color and light— shift* irg, charging with every movement of the cummer day. Intense weariness, a settled. despair were expressed in that; look— tearless, 3 et sadder than all tears. ' It must be very monotonous, very sad foe you,' murmured Mary, ber own eyes brim* r&irg; ever with tears. 'But it will not ba always sc, dear grandmother. I hope a time will come when jou will be able to go about again, to resume your old life.' 'I do not hope, Mary. No child, Z feel and know that time will never come. My strength is ebbing slowly day by day. If X _-- live for another year, live to see Iieibisi married, and you. too. perhaps — well. I shall die at peace. At peace, no : nor'—— She . faltered, and the thin, semi- transparent hand was pressed upon her brow : 'What will be said of me when I am dead?' Mary feared that her grandmother'* mind was wandering. She came and knelt beside the couch, and laid her head against the satin pillows, tenderly, caressingly. ' Dear grandmother, pray be calm,' she murmured, ' Mary, do not look at me like that, as if yon would read my heart. Taere are hearts that mubt not be looked into. Mine is like a charnel-house. Monotonous, yes ; my life has been monotonous. No conventual gloom was ever deeper than the blue gloom of FeH« side. My boy did nothing to lighten it foe me, and his son followed his footsteps. Yon and Lesbia have been my only consolation. Lesbia! I wassoproudofherbeautyIsoproud and fond of her because she was like me, and recalled my own youth. And see how easily she forgets me. She has gone into a new world, in which my age and my infirmities: have no part ; and I am as nothing to her. Mary changed from red to pale, so painful w&s; her embarrassment. What could she say in defence of her sister? How could she deny that Lesbia was an ingrate ; when those rare and hurried letters, so careless in their tone, expressing the selfishness of the -writer in every syllable, told but too plainly of for getfulnessand ingratitude. 'Dear grandmother, Lesbia has S3 much to do— her life is so full of engagements,' she faltered feebly. ' Yes, she goes from party to party— she gives herself up heart and mind and soul to pleasures which she ought to consider only as the trivial means to great ends ; and she for* gets the woman who reared her, and cared for her, and watched over her from her in fancy, and who tried to inspire her with a noble ambition. Yes, read to me, child, read, give me new thoughts if you can, for my brain is weary with grinding the old ones. There was a grand debate in the Lords lad; night, and Lord Hartfield spoke, Lat me hear his speech. You can read what was said by the man before him ; never mind fhe rest.' Mary read Lord Somebody's speech, which was passing dull, but wbich prepared the ground for a magnificent and exhaustive reply from Lord Hartfield. The question was an important one. affecting tne well* being of the masses, and Lord Hartfield spoke with an eloquence which rose in force and fire as he wound himself like a serpent into the heart of his subject— beginning quietly, soberly, with no opening flashes of rhetoric, . but rising gradually to the topmost heights o£ oratory. ' What a speech,' cried Lady Maulevrier, delighted, her cheeks glowing, her eyes kind ling; 'what a noble fellow the speaker mast be. Oh, Mary, I must tell yon a secret. 2 loved that man's father. Yes, my dear, X loved him fondly, dearly, truly, as yon lots that young man of yours ; and he was the only man I ever really loved. Fate parted ns. But I have never forgotten him— never, Mary,' never. At **'? moment I have bnt to doss my eyes and I can see bis face— «ee him look ing at me as he looked the Jast time wemeW He was a younger son, poor, bis future quite: hopeless in those days z but it was not » fault we wen parted, I would have married him— yes, wedded poverty, just as you an going to marry tids Mr. Hammond; but my people would not let me, and I was too young,, too belplest, to make a good fight. Oh, Mary, if i had only 'fought hard enough, wbat a happy woman I might have been, and ho* gcodawife,' 'You were a good wife to my grandtattwr,' I am sun,1' faltered Mary, by wayotsayinaV something consolatory. -: A dark frown came over Lady Maulevrieria face, which had softened to deepest tendrtwat just before. . - - .» *_ 'A good wife to Maulenier,' «te «aid, V a mocking tone. ' Well, ye*, as good awif. as such a husband deserved, I wm u**W. * t*»n Osjiart wife, Mary, forno bMs«ugr: : suspicion ever raited npog. ^JB^:^!;*-^ if I^idimarriedH8*tflek[Iehoaldl»v«fcs^; i '. rtfccc I parted from.-tdm.'.; rr -?:-^£±'£g3&% **You'baw-JM5ver seal .m-^tfgfOiitSSs^-AS !I Lfr« Vhw^t Oi bim. H' fo*vt -U»* : ' '_-'_?-' -?-/''?I V_te be -tits &n; Infant, _d be w brought tm _«ecl_ion by * widowed mother, who kut Urn tied to her ftpron-etring tffl be wmt 4tfD— brd. SheMoTlBedhim,«»dI«mfold afcefaraght herself Latin and Greet, m*the uitflcs «veB, In order to help him in bis daiiat, and, later on, worked at the classna «_ihim till she became ercepJaonslIy learned for s woman. She was her sons companion ?fed friend, sympafiiised with bw Ustes.his Snsm^luB friebobbipB, devoted eyw-y hoar Slerlife. «very thought of her nund to hu welfare, bio interests ; walked with him, rode ^TfiSr triveHed half orer Earope^ vaulted with him. Her friends all declared Oat the lad would grow up a» odious a_ksop, but £ in told that there never was a jaaolier man than Lard Hartfield. From his boyhood he was his mother's protector, iHdped to administer her affairs, acquired a jmteiatare sense of her responsibility, aad escaped almost all those vices wbieh make yawog men detestable. His mother died within a few months of his majority, fie was broken-hearted at losing her, and went aitaiwd immediately after her death. From thai time-be has been s great traveller. Bat Itafrpoaenow that he has taken his Beat in the Boase of Lords, and has spoken a good many tntree, be means to settle down and take bis IMce. among the foremost men of his day. I a* told that be is worthy to take snch a 'Ton mast feel warmly interested in watching bis career,*' said Mary, sympa* th^tioaliy. '1 am interested in everything that con «eniB him. I will tell you aaotner secios, Mary. I think I am getting into my dotage. nfy dear, or I should hardly talk to yoi like this,' said Lady Maulevrier with a tonsil of bitterness. Mary was sitting on a stool by the sofa, cloee to the invalid'* pillow. She clasped her grandmother's hand ard kissed it fondly. *? Dear grandmother, I think you are talk in;; tome like this to-day because you are beginning to care for me a little,' she said tenderly. 'Oh, my dear, you are very good, very sweet and forgiving to care for me at all, after my neglect of you,' answered lady Sfaulevrier, with a sigh. I have kept you oat in the cold so long, Mary. Lesbia— well, Lss bia has been a kind of infatuation for me, and like all infatuations it has ended in disap pointment and bitterness. Ambition has been the bane of my life, Mary ; and when I could be no longer ambitious for myself — when my own existence had become a mere death in life, I began to dream and to scheme for the aggrandisement of my granddaughter, liesbia's beauty. Iiesbia's elegance seemed to me to ensure success— and so I dreamt my dream—whicb may sever be fulfilled.' 'What was your dream, grandmamma? May I know all about it V * *' That was the secret I spoke of just now. Yea, Mary, you may know, for I fear the dream will never be realised, I wanted my Jjesbia to become Lord Hartfield's wife. I would have brought them together myself, could I but have gone to Iiondon ; but failing that, I fancied lady Kirkbank would have divined my wishes without being told them, and would have introduced Hartfield to Xiesbia ; and now the London season is draw ing to a close, and Hartfield and Lesbia have never met. He hardly goes anywhere I am told. He devotes himself exclusively to politics, and he is not in Lady Kirkbank's set, A terrible disappointment to me. Mary!' 'It is a pity,' said Mary. 'Lesbia is so lovely. If Lord Hartfield were fancy-free he ought to fall in love with her, could they but meet. I thought that in Londoa all fashion able people knew each other, and were cdu ticaaliy meeting.'' 'It used to be so in my day, Mary. Alm&ek;'s was a common ground, even if there bad been no others. But now there are circles and circles, I believe, rings that touch occa sionally, but never break and mingle. I am afraid poor Georgy's set is not quite so nice as I could have wished. Yet Lesbia writes as if she were in raptures with her chaperon, and with ail the people she meets. And then ©eorgy tells me that this Mr. Smithson —bom Jjesbia has refused is a very important per eonsge, a millionaire, and very likely to be made a peer.' 'A new peer,*' said Mary, making a wry face. 'One would rather have au old com moner. I always fancy a newly-made peer ?mist be like a newly-built house, glaring, and staring, and arid, and uncongenial.' 'Cest selon,' said Lady Maulevrier. 'One would not despise a Chatham or a Wellington because of the newness of bis title ; but a man who has only money to re ?rf'^mftinp'fUj nin*| ?? Lgdy Maulevrier left her sentence un finished, save by a shrug, and Mary made another wry face. She had that grand con tempt for sordid wealth wbish is common to young people who have never known the want of money.' ' I hope Lesbia will marry some one better than Sir. Smithson,' she said. ' I hope so, too, dear ; and yet do you know I have an idea that Lesbia moans to accept Mr. Smithson, or she would hardly have consented to go to his bouse for the Henley week. Here is a letter from Georgie Ktfkbaok which you will have to answer for me to morrow— a letter full of raptures about Mr. Smitnson's place in Berkshire, Rood HalL I remember the house well. I was there nearly fifty years ago, when the Heron viQes owned it ; and now the Heronvilles arc all dead or ruined, and this city person is master of the fine old mansion. It is a strange world, Mary.*' From that time forward Mary and her grandmother were on more confidential term*, and when two days later Fellside was startled into life by the unexpected arrival of . JJord Maulevrier and Mr. Hammond, the '''dowager seemed almost as pleased as her granddaughter at the arrival of the young men. As for Mary, she was almost beside her self with joy when ehe heard their voices from tte lawn, and rushing to the shrubbery, saw them walk up the hill as she bad wen them on that first evening, nearly a year ago, when John Hammond came as a Btrangsr to Fell tide. Sbe tried to take her joy soberly, though her eyes were dancing with delight as she went to the porch to meet them. *' 'What extraordinary young men you are,' she said, as she emerged breathless from her lover's embrace. ' The idea of your descend ing upon us without a moment's notice. Why did you not write or telegraph, that your rooms might be ready.'' 'Am I to understand that all the spare rooms at Fellside are kept as damp as the bottom of the lake ?' asked Manlevier. 'I did hot think any preparation was necessary ; but we can go back if we're not wanted, can't we Jack?' ' You darling,' cried Mary, hanging affec tionately upon her brother's arm. You know ItM only joking, yoa know bow enraptured I am to have you.' 'To have me, only me,' said Maulevrier. ** Jack doesn't count, I suppose ?' 'You know how glad I am, and that I want to hide my gladness,' answered Mary, radiant and blushing like the rich red roses in the porch. 'You men are so vain. And now come and see grandmother. She will be cheered by your arrival. She has been so good to mf Just lately, so sweet.' 'She mijjtit have been good and sweet to jcu all your life/' said Hammond. ' I am sot prepared to be grateful to her at a moment 'a notice for any crumb of affection she may throw you.' *' Ob, but you must be grateful, Bir, and you must love her and pity her ;' retorted Maty. 'Think how sadly she has suffered. We cannot be too kind toner, or too fond of her, poor dear.' 'Mary is right,' said Hammond, half in Jest and half in earnest. ' What wonderful instincts these young women have.' 'Come and see her ladyship, and then you must have dinner, just as you had that first evening,' said Mary. 'Well act that first evening over again, Jack, only you can't fall in love with Lesbia, as she ia'nt here.' 'I don't think I surrendered that first evening, Mary. Though I thought your sister the loveliest girl I had ever seen.' 'And what did you think of me, sir, tell me that.' said Mary. ' Shall 1 tell you the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth V *' Of course.' ' Then I freely confess that I did not think about you at all. You were there— a pretty, innocent, bright young maiden, with big brown eyes and auburn bait ; bat I thought no more about yon than I did about the Gainsborough on '.he wall, which you very much resemble.' 'That is very humiliating,' said Mary, porting a little in the midst of her bliss. 'No, dearest, it is only natural,' answered Hammond. 'I believe if all the happy lovers in this world could be questioned, at least naif of them would confess to having thought wj little about each other at first meeting, awsymeet _d touch handB, and part again and never guess the mystery of the future, winch -— raps tbem round like a cloud, never aay tut -aeh other there is my fate, and then ???-?» mefct again and again, as hazard wills, ana never know that they are drifting to tatftrdoom.' MaryraagbsUsana gave orders, just as she bad done m tuat summer gloaming a year ago. The young men had arrived just at the same bourytm the stroke ol nine, when the eight o'clock dinner was over and done with, for a attterf t&e; meal with Fraulein Kfetcfcwas nota'teaat'to lie prolonged on account of its felicity. Eeriaps they bad so contrived as to awive exactiy at this hour. l»dy Maafevrier received them both with —trade cordiality. But the young men saw a etatn^e for the worse in the invalid since grfc-tpnng. The face was thinner,' the eyes tto bright, tbefiuah opon the hollow cheek ?wl^-srbefctic tinge, the voice was feebler. ManuDcndwas reminded of a falcon or an «sg& j/inicg and wasting in a cage. -? 'Ijaveiyg^d to see you, Mr, Hun* i. . , . mono,' said Lady Maulevrier, giving him her ' band and addressing him with unwonted «or» diality. 'It was a happy thought that brought you and Maulevrier here, when an old woman is as near the grave as I am her relatives ought to look after her. X shall be glad to have a little private conversation with you to-morrow, Mr. Hammond, if yon can spare me a few minute*.' ' As many hours, if your ladyship pleases,' said Hammond, 'my time is entirely at your service.' 'Ob, no, you will want to be roaming about tee bills with Mary, discussing your plans for the future. I shall not encroach too much on your time. But I am very glad you are here.' 'We shall only trespass on you for a few days.' said Maulevrier ; ' just a flying visit' 'How is it that you are not both at Henley?' asked Mary. 'I thought alt the world was at Henley,' 'Who is Henley, what is Henley?' de icarded Maulevrier, pretending ignorance. 'I believe Maulevrier has lost so much money backing bis college boat on previous occasions that he is glad to run away from the regatta this year,' said Hammond. ' t have a sister there,' replied his friend. ' That? a an aU- snfficient explanation. When a fellows womankind take to golmg to races and regattas it is high time for him to atop away.' *? Have you seen Lesbia lately ?' asked his grand mother. 'About ten days ago.' ' And did she seem happy ?' Maulevrier shrugged his shoulders. ' She was vacillating between the refusal or the acceptance of a million of money and four or five fine houses j I don't kuov whether that conditionwf nund meem happiness. I should call it an intermediate state.' ' Why do you mako silly J -kes about serious questions; do you think LeibU means to accept this Mr. Smithson V ' All London thicks so.' ' And is he a good man:' 'Good for a hundred thousand pounds &t; half an hour's notice.' ' Is he worthy of your sister ?' Maulevrier paused, looked at his grand mother with a curious expression, and thea replied :- ' I ihink he is ? quite.' ' Then I am content that she should marry him,' said Lady Maulevrier, 'although he is a nobody.' 'Ob, but he is a very important nobody, a nobody who can get a peerage next year, backed by the Maulevrier influence, which I suppose would count for something.' 'Most of my friends are dead,' said Lady Maulevrier, ' but there are a few survivors of the past who mipht help me.' 'I don't think there'll be any difficulty about the peerage. Smithson stumped up very handsomely at the last general election, and the Conservatives are not strong enough to be ungrateful.' ( To be continued. J 