? AOTA POPULL Bx the Feaneub. Cas8I».— ' Eeputation, reputation, reputation. Oil, I have lost my reputation ! I liavo lost tho immortal part, sir, of mysolf : and what remains is bestial. My reputation, Iago, my reputation.' Iaqo. — ' As I am a honoot man, I thought you had received some bodily wound ; there is more offence in that than in reputation. Keputation is au idle and mpst false imposition j oft got without merit, and lost without deserving.' Othello. Another good man gono wrong ! Whenever and wherever will this appaling demoralization stop ? This time the frightful example turns up in the august person of our oily Chairman of Committees, Mr. Angus Cameron, fcho colonial arbiter of Parliamentary justice and decorum. Many years ago, away back in fact in tho good old days when typhoid, trams» and taxes wore unknown — when cunning old patriots feathered fcheir nests and pademelons chewed tobacco — Angus was a bright shining light in tho fcabernaclo of Dr. Lang on Church Hill, and with four inches of sfcale paBfcry and picnic ginger beor stowed awn/ behind his pinny, used to perch on an upturned candle box and yell out, ' Tho Boy Stood On The Burning Dock, ' Scots Wha1 Ha',11 'Tho Deuks Dang O'er My Daddie 0 !' and other soul-inopiring themes, aftor which he would sit at his groat master's f oefc and pick up the words of political wisdom which fell from the canny auld doctor's lips. Tho sood scattered then fell on good ground, and ifc was not long before Angus could apeak a piece on fche questions of the day himself, and so it came fco pass fchafc he quickly worked his way up from tho Sawbath school platform fco fcho base of fcho Perfumes of Araby Monument in Hyde Park, and hero ifc was that he first roused his 'orny-'anded fellowwork men to a sense of their juofc rights, and urged upon them fcho necessity of all men being equal and of ho himself boing their King. Finally fche sons of toil did oombino, aud fcho young orator was duly ohoDen fco represent their wants and wishes in tho Senate hall. Tho very next day Angus sold his oarpenfcor'S kit, and launched him self fair and squaro on tho troublod sea of politics. And to do him justice, let; ifc bo oaid ho honestly and fearlessly represented tho working man until he thought ho suw his way to do something bettor for himself. And ib came to posfl that, thia way being clear, Angus struck the tract, and ha3 bravely kept to ifc evor ainoe. Ho hateth the smell of the ' wurrikun mahn,' and ac ho pasBeiih by a aon of toil to-day he holds his nose aloi!fc, and esclnima — ' Got, thoe gone, vile fellah ; thy fafchor was a butcher.' Verily the old Athenian flaneur had a lovol head when in hia ' Frogs ' he exclaimed, ' Ha ! What a mighty power the two obola have everywhere — aye! even hers in Hades/' [Hades was the anoient namo for Parliament.] For some time previous to the event which I am about to du'oniole, ifc was clearly evident fchab things wore very much unsettled with Mr. :. Camoron. Tho sword of Damocloo appeared to be unpleasantly near his head, the bnn and (ginger) boor dissipation of hia youth wao appar ently telling on hio inward department, and he could not have sat more uneaoily on his perch if the thistlo of hia native land had been planted on the seat thereof. Ho one could explain tha trouble until a certain eventful Tuesday nigh' when it leaked out that a conspiracy was at work to ouat the Chairman from his much-loved rosy ? ; ? , situation. On the night in question it was pain fully dear that Mr. Cameron had either been \ . shaken up by an earthquake, run himself unin tentionally against a ghost, or loot a sixpence, for hio face was pea-green with auppressed rage ; his eyes flashed out do fiercely that they set fire to his whiskers in several places ; ; and he gnaahed hia teeth like a man with faoial neuralgia trying to craok nufco. Thia of course could not go on for over, and at last the excited Chairman struck the floor and de clared that his (t manhood had been insulted/'' The House wao certainly prepared to hear some alarming otatemeut made, but this was so far above expectations that for a few moments the silence of the grave reigned around, and hon. members could do nothing but ait and gape like so many baked oyofcerc, and ifc wao not until the insulted one explained that his manhood and hi9 billet were synonymous terma that even the awe strloken Buchanaon could find strength enough to breathe once mora- Following up his advan tage, the outraged pei'fcy further declared that in timidation naa oeen criea on mm. Due witn no more effect than the angry waveo which threaten a roclc-bonnd shore, or a liver pad would have on Governor Bourke's old statue. So far Mr. Cameron had fcho fight all to himself, but when he yelled aloud that Ministerial sup porters had told him that night that ho was endangering his position as Chairman of Committeeo by his political biag, Treasurer Dibbs ' oame to' and asked him to name the base offender. ' I will do it/' replied Angus. ' Well do ifc,' shouted Mr. Dibbs. ' But I will . ?' do ifc,' roaved the Chairman. ' But you don't do it,' chorused a crowd of hon. members. ' But I say I will do it,' scroamed Angus, ' and no power on earth can stop me.' ' Make your charge now,' said Mr. Dibbs. 'I say I 'will make ' the charge now,' yelled the injured senator, but as he didn't seem to be iu any hurry to do so, Mr. Speaker Barton thoughtfully rapped him over tho head with a book, and advised him to wait till the cloude rolled by, or at least until the weather got a trifle cooler. This seemed to be exactly what the excited Chairman wanted, and bo after a touching appeal to hon. members pre sent to protect hio manhood on account of bis ! youth and beauty, Angus collapsed, ard so did the question of the outrage. No sooner had the House met on the following night than the Tarquin of the Assembly, the Hon. Mr. Fremlin, rose, and in a few well-chosen words not only proved that the statement made on the previous evening savoured more of tho babbling of a lunatic asylum than of a Chamber of Senators, but he also rounded on his accuser, turned him inside out, rubbed gall and vinegar into his heart and soul, and then put him back in his original form, and belted him all round tho ring, to tho intenoe delight of ail who havo the decorum oE tho House at heart, und who havo no words too warm for men who attempt to get up a party cry over such criminally senseless charges. And as if the cup of Mr. Cameron's sorrow was not already bitter enough, and filled to the brim, Mobbi's. Buchanan and Tayior (noliles j'ndroH) must needs add more fcan-wator to it until it fairly slopped Gvor into thu sauo3r, by depressing poor Angus with their oondolenco and completely equelohing him flat with protestations of their friendship. Altogether thia was, perhaps, the sorriest scene ever witnessed in the House, and ifc is doubtful if ever a greater mountain brought forth a more ridioulous mouse. Hurroo ! Hope's Alfred Allen to tho fore onoe more, as afcrongas a giant refreshed with brother Woseby's unfermented wine, and as lively as an old hen on a hot aahbed. This time, however, I regret, to Bay Alfrod has attaoked a poor old man whoBo age' at least should be a pro tection to him. , Mr. Allen is now making war on Moses, and boldly declares fchafc he for one doesn't think muoh o£ the Hebrew law-giver' a Ton Commandments. The ' Society of Friends,' it appears, has grown so disgusted with the origi nal that it has drawn up a Bet to suit its members, and I need scarcely say the new code fills along felt want, and givos the greatest satisfaction — to the Friends. Mr. Allen, however, is not to have a walk over, it seems, for one ' W. S.' points out that Mosea has nothing fco do with the matter at all now, for the -f Ton Commandments are aotually the law of England at the present day,' and that, of course, ought fco settle fcho question altogether. For this boon we are, ifc soems, kidobfced to another Alfred — a gentleman surnamod tho Great, and as the statute has never beenrepealed ifc is as bind ing in the realm of England as Magna Charta itself. Therefore, ifc i3 extremely unbecoming for Alfred Allen fco go back on his illustrious namesake, but for all that there is a heap of wis dom in his query, whioh asks — What consistent and intelligent Jew 'would allow his children to attend a school where the ' Apostles' Creed' was fco be a ..portion of the religious instruction P .','-. This is precisely fcke, way the thing was put by Catholics at fche very outset of the trouble 3 but after all it is better perhaps that the protest was unheeded then, for there ib no school which fceaohes its lesson so. well as the old-fashioned aohool of experience.. Mrs. Mioawber's Pa was right — ifc is ' experienfia does it.' ' 