Tales and Sketched KISG PEPIN AND SWEET CL1VE. (From tha Cor.iAill itagaziaej TJpos arriving at the middle of the Close "the dean stopped. He had been •walking briskly, his chin from very custom a little tilted, but his eyes beaming with condescension and gene ral goodwill, while an indulgent smile blaring about the lower part of his face relieved for the time its massive character. His walkingstick was swinging ft> and. fro in a loose grasp, his feet trod the pavement of the precincts with the step of an owner, he felt the warmth of "the sun, the balininess of the spring air dimly, and somewhere at the back of his mind he was conscious of a vacant bishopric, r and of his being the husband of one wife. In fine, he presented the appearanee of a .contented, placid, unruffled dignitary, until he reached the middle of "the Close. _ But there, alas! the ferule of his stick came to the ground with a mighty thud; the sweetness and light faded from his eves as they rested upon Mr. Swainson's plot; the condescension and good-will became conspicuous only by ^ their absence. The dean was undisguisedly angry; he disliked opposition as much as-°lesser men, and met- with it more rarelv. For Bichester is old-fashioned, and loves the Church and State, but especiallv the former, and looks up to principalities and powers, and even now execrates the memory of a recreant Bicestrian," otherwise reputable, on account of a terrible mistake he made. It was at a public dinner. ' I remem ber.'said this misguided man,' going in mv young days to the old and beautiful cathedral of this city. (Great applause.) I was only a child then, ana my head hardly reached above the top of the seat, "but I remember I thought the dean the greatest of living men. (Whirlwinds of applause ) "Well (smiling) perhaps I don't think quite that now.' (Dead silence.) And so dull at bottom may even a man be whose name is not unknown in half the sanitate of Europe, that this degenerate fellow never conld guess why the friends of his youth from that moment turned their hacks upon him. Snch is the faith of Bicester,- hut even in Bicester ihere are heretics. To sav that the dean rarely met with opposition, is to say that he rarely met mth Mr. Swainson, and that he seldom saw Mr. Swainson's plot. As a rule, when he crossed the Close he averted his eve3 by a happy impulse of custom, for he did" not like Mr. Swainson, and as for the latter's plot, it was anathema maranatha to him. The dean was tall," Mr. Swainson was taller; the dean was stubborn, Mr. Swainson was obsti nate ; so tbere arose between tbem the antagonism that is bom of similarity. On the other hand the dean was stout and Mr. Swainson a scarecrow; the •dean was comely and clerical, hut not over- rich. Mr. Swainson was pallid, lantern-jawed, wealthy, and a lawyer, and hence the dislike born of difference. Moreover, years ago Sir. Swainson had been Mayor of Bicester, whenthere was a little dispute between the chapter and the bishop, and he showed so much • energy upon the one side as to earn the nickname of the ' Mayor of the Palace.' Finally Sir. Swainson delighted in op position as a cat in milk, and cared to have a good reason for bis antagonism no more than puss in the dairy about a sixty-years' title to the cream pan But a sixty years' title to his plot was the very thing which-Sir. Swainson did claim to have. Exactly opposite his house—his father's and grandfather's house, too—in which, Eaid his enemies, they had lived and grown fat upon cathedral patronage, lay this debateable land. His front windows commanded ft, and on auch a morning as this he lov'°d to stand upon his doorstep and gaze at it with the air of a dog watching the spot where his bone is buried. But if Sir. Swainson was right, that was just what wa6 not buried there; there were no bones there. True, the smoothly ■horn surface of the little patch was divided from the green turf around the aathedral only by a slight iron railing, but, said Sir. Swainson, ponder ously seizing upon his opponent's weapon and using it with telling effect, it was of another sort altogether ; of a very different nature indeed. It had never been consecrated, and close as it was to- the sacred pile, being in fact separated from it on two sides hut by a yard of sunt fence, it did hot belong to* it, it was not of it, quoth ho; it was private property, the property of Eras mus John Swainson, and ^ the appanage of his substantial red-briclt house just across the Close. -it And no one could refute him, though several tried their best, _to his huge delight. It cannot now be exactly com puted by how many years the discovery of his rights prolonged his life—not certainly by some. His liver demanded activity, namely a quarrel, and what a coil this was! If he had been given the choice of opponents, he would probably have preferred the dean and chapter, they were so substantial, wealthy, and all but formidable. And such a thorn in the side of those com fortable personages as these rights of his were like to be he could hardly have imagined in his most sanguine dreams, or hoped for in his happiest moments. ■ It was great fun stating his claim, flouting it in their faces, displaying it through the city, brandishing it in season and out of season ; but when it came to making a hole in the smooth turf hitherto so sacred, and setting up an unsightly post, and affixing to it a board with ' Trespassers will be prosecuted. E. J. Swainson,' the fun became furious. So did the dean, so did the chapter, so did every sidesman and verger. Bicester was torn in pieces by the contending parties, but Mr. Swain son was firm. The only concession that could be wrung from him was the re moval of the obnoxious board. Instead of it he placed a neat iron railing round his property, enclosing just thirty feet by fifteen. Such was the tfatus in quo on this morning, and with it the dean had for some time been obliged to rest content. And yet, sooth to say, the greatest pleasure of the very reverend gentle man's life was gone with this accession to the roundness and fulness of Mr. Swainson's. Xo more with the thorough satisfaction of hitherto could he conduct the American traveller through the an cient crypt, or dilate upon the beauty of the quaint gargoyles to the Marquis of Bicester's visitors. Xo; indeed that railed-in spot was a plague spot to him, ever itching, an eyesore even when in visible, a tmng to be evaded and dodged and given the slip, as a dean who is a dean should scorn to evade anything mortal. He winced at the mere thought that the inquisitive sight seer might touch upon it, might probe the matter with questions. He hurried him past it with averted finger and voluble tongue, nor recovered his air of kindly condescension, or polished ease (as the case 'might he) until he was safe within his own hall. Only in mo ments of forgetfulness could the dean now walk iu his own Close of Bicester with the easy grace of old times. But on this^particular morning the sunshine was so pleasant, the wind so balmy, that he walked halfway across the Close as if the river of Lethe flowed fathoms deep over Mr. Swainson's plot; then it chanced that his eyeB in a heedless moment rested upon it; and be saw that a man was at work iu the tiny enclosure, and he paused. The dean knew Mr. Swainson by «this time, and did not trust him. What was this ? By tho man's side lay a small heap of greyish white things, and he was holding a short-handled mallet, and was using it deftly to drive one of the greyish-white things into the ground. From him the dean's eyes travelled to a couple of parti-coloured sticks, one at each end of the plot. What was this ?. A horror so terrible that the dean stood still, and that remarkable change came over him which we have described. Great men rise to the occasion. It was only a moment he thus stood and looked. Then he turned and walked rapidly back to a house he had just passed. A tall thin man was standing upon the steps, with the ghost of a smile upon his face. For a moment the dean could only stammer, Jt was such a dreadful outrage. 'Is that,' he said at last, 'is that there, sir, being done by your authority?' With a shaking finger he pointed to Mr. Swainson's plot. The tall man in a leisurely manner settled a pair of eye-glasses upon bis noso, and looked in the direction indicated. 'Ah, I see what you mean,' he said at last with delicious- coolness. ' Cer tainly, Mr. Dean, certainly!' ' Are you aware, sir, what it is ?' gasped the clergyman; ' it is sacrilege!' ' Pooli, nothing of the kind, I assure you, my dear sir. It's croquet!' The toue was one of explanation, and there was such an air of frankness,\ of putting an end to an unfounded error, that tho veins upon the dean's temples swelled, and his face grew, if possible, redder than before. • ' I won't stay to bandy words with you ' . ' Bandy!' cried tho tall man, intensely amused. ' Ha, ha, ha! you thought it was hocky! Bandy! Oh, no, you play it with hoops and a mallet. Drive the balls through—bo !' And to the intense delight of the Close people, nine-tenths of whom were at their windows, Mr. Swainson exe cuted an ungainly kind of gambade upon the steps. ' Disgusting,' the dean called it afterwards, when talking to sympathetic ears. How he merely put it away from him with a wave of the hand. 'I will not discuss it now, Mr. Swainson. If your own feelings of decency and of what is right and proper do not forbid this—this ribald profan'ity —I can call it nothing else, sir—I have but one word to add. The chapter shall prevent it." 'The chapter!' replied the other in a tone of singular contempt, which changed to savageness as he continued, ' you are wellread in history, Mr. Dean, . they tell me. Doubtless you remember what happened when the puissant king Canute bade the tide come no further. | I am the tide, and you and the chapter sit in the chair of Canute.' The dean, it must be confessed, was a little taken aback by this terrible de fiance. He was amazed. The two glared at one another, and the clergy man was the first to give way; baffled and disconcerted', yet still swelling with rage, he strode towards the deanery. His antagonist followed him with his eyes, then looked more airily than ever at his plot and the progress being made there, considered the weather with his chin at 'the decaDal angle, and with a flirt of his long coat tails went into the house, a happy man and the owner of a vastly improved appetite. But the dean had more to go through yet. At the door of his garden he ran in his haste against some one coming out. Ordinarily, great man as he was, he was also a gentleman. But this was too much. That, when the father had insulted him, the son Bhould almost prostrate him on his own threshold, was intolerable — at any rate * at a moment when he was smarting with the sense of unacknowledged defeat. ' Good morning, Mr. Dean,' said the y»ung fellow, raising his hat with an evident desire to please that was the very antipodes of his sire's manner— j only the dean was in no mood to dis-1 criminate—' I have just been having a very pleasant game of croquet.' It is greatly to he regretted, but here a short niatuB in tho narrative occurs. The minor canons, than whom no men arc more wanting in reverence, say that that tho dean's answer consisted of two words, one of them very pithy, very full of meaning, but in the mouth of a dean, however choleric, impos sible—perfectly impossible. Account ing thn as a gloss, and the original reading not being forthcoming, we nro driven to conjecture that the dean's answer expressed mild disapprobation of the game of croquet. Certain it is that young Swainson, surprised doubt less at so novel and original a sentiment, only said, ' I beg your pardon.' ' ncm! I mean to say that I do not ap prove of this. I will come to thd point. I must ask you to discontinue your visits at my house.' The young man stared as if ho thought tho excited divine had gone mad ; the dcancrv was almost a homo to him. ' Your father,' tho dean went on more coherently, | has taken a step so unseemly, so—so indecent, has used language so insulting to me, Hir, that I cannot, at any rate at present, receive you hero.' Young Swainson was a gentleman, and moreover, for a very good reason hereinafter appearing, the dean failed to anger him. Ho raised his hat as respectfully as before, bowed slightly in token of acquiescence, and »rent on his way sorrowfully. He had a singularly pleasant smije, this young gentleman, though this wh not tho time for displaying it. Mn. ■ Dean had onco pronounced him a pippin grafted on a crab-stock, and thereafter in certain circles ho was known as King Pepin. He was tnll and straight and open-eyed, with faults enough, but of a generous youthful kind, easily over-, looked and more easily forgiven. Doubt less Mr. Swainson would have had his son more prncticnl, cool-headed, and precise ; but the shoot did not grow in the same way as tho parent tree. Old Swainson would not have been happy without an enemy, nor young Swainson as happy with one; and if, aB the former often said, the latter's worat enemy was himself, he was likely to have a tolerably prosperous life. In a space of time inconceivably ' small the doings of the grim old lawyer and the dean's remonstrance were all ' over Bicester. Nay, fast as the stone had rolled, it had gathered moBs. It was gravely asserted by people who rapidly grew to he eye witnesses, that Mr. Swainson had danced a hornpipe in the middle of his plot, snapping hit fingers at the dean the while the latter prodded him as well as he could over tho railings with his umbrella; and that only the arrival of Mr. Swainson's son put ah end to this disgraceful exhibition. Neither side wasted time. The dean, the canon in residence, and the prce centor, an active young fellow, con sulted their legal adviser, and talked largely of ejectment, title, and seisin. Mr. Swainson, having the nine points of the law in his favour, and as well acquainted with the tenth as his oppo nents' legal adviser, devoted himself to tho lighter pursuit of the mallet and hoop. In a state of felicity undreamt of before, he played, or affected to day, croquet, his right hand against lis left, the former giving the latter two hoops and a cage. He played with a cage and a bell; it was more cheerful, not to say noisy. Of course all Bicester found occasion to pass through the Close and see this great sight, while every window in the precincts was raised, that the deniiens thereof might hoar the tap, tap of the sacrilegious mallet. The Cathedral lawyer, urged to take some step, and well knowing the strength of the enemy's position, was fairly nonplussed. But while he pondered, 'with a certain grim amusement, over Mr. Swainson's crotchet, which' did . not present itself to his legal mind in so dreadful a light as it did to the mind clerical, some un known person took action, and made it war to the knife. • "Who did it?' Bicester asked loudly when it awoke one morning, to find Mr. Swainson in a state of mind which seemed imperatively to call for a padded room and a strait waistcoat. During the night some one had thrown down the iron railing, taken up and broken his hoops, crushed his bell, and snapped his pegs; all this in the neatest possible manner, and with no damage to the turf. War to tho knife indeed! Mr. Swainson, like the famous Widdrington, would have fought upon his stumps on such n provocation. lie expressed his opinion very hotty that this was tho work of ' that arro. gant priest,' and he should smart for it. A clergyman in this kind of cdntext becomes a priest. This is common knowledge. . Tho dean said, if hints were to go for anything, that it waa a more or leM direct interposition of Providence. Young Swainson said nothing. The vergers followed his example, but smiled a good deal. Tho dean's lawyer said it was a very foolish act, whoevor did it. Mrs. Dean said sho should like to PT* the man who did it five shillings. 1 el haps her inclination mastered her. Tho dean's daughter sighed. And Bicester said everything exeepi what young Swainson said. (To te coatisurd.) Bits win. sot Mewtio* it.—H» «* ■ narried man, bleed-or theoppoelti, M 1 older m»y determine—with an ertrem 7 otlout wife. One evening not long Boot n eired » ohsr.ee oppoi Unity to do eeoort w ihtrming tniee of iweet lixteen, *ho»i >yei mod dsrk, drooping Iwhee «o«iM<l » •lamour over every man who hspj) ., »m> within the range of their oharm. ^ ait her home win reaohed, and a» l, .. .1 ,v. turned her lovely proe ss&sfrSMiMKS; »| u I lit#, if you doR t wish w> 