DOHAL CRAHr.- BY GEORGE MACDONALD. Author of Alec Kooiiks, Uxtooiiii, &o.;, to. Cn.uTEa XLIX, Tho doctor, bavin; little yot of a practice, was able to come and stay with bis patient for some timo every day, so that Donal might got some sleep ; and when bis lordship was pretty quiet, sometimes Davie, sometimes Mrs, Brookes, somctimcsLadyArctnrahersolf, would come and sit with him, and try what they could to make life endurable to him. Then Donal wonldliedown — but nevermor further off than the next room, lest some' more violent fit ehonldseize hiB patient. Hewas moreand more convinced thntliismndness wasin itsoriginalto- ' gother a moral one; which is the worst mad ness of any, seldom failing at length more or less to affect the brain, and pnt the wretch beyond any control of his own. But as yet, though he had been ropeatedly-on the verge of finding force necessary, ho had not been abso lutely compelled to nso-any ; and Donal was so little afraid of him that ho postponed it continually to the very last, and tho last had never yet arrived. By and by the gentle ministrations of his nleco did seem to toneh him a little. He would smile when she came into the room, and nek her how she did— with an appearance of interest he had never shown before. Once he sat looking at her for some time, then Baid. "I hope I did not hart yon much." ""When 7" she asked. 'Then f he answered. "Oh, no, yon did not hurt me," "Another time I was very crnol to your annt : do yon think b1io will forgive me?" "Yes I do." " Then you must have forgivou me?" "Of conrse I have." " Then you think God will forgive me?" " I do, if you ask him. Bat you must leave off, yon know, dear uncle." "ThatVmore than anyono can promise." "If you want to doit, ho will help you." " How can he help me, after I've been wicked bo long?" " Ho can help you by taking the body off you that has got so used to bad ways." "Well, yon ore a fine comforter — to tell a man that perhaps God will bo good enough to help him to he good by taking away his life ? Hadn't I bettor kill myself at onco and savo him the trouble?' , "It's not thedying, uncle; no amount of dying would over make one good— so Mr Grant says, she added, anxious not to appear to tako upon herself the office of instructor to her uncle: " it can but perhaps make it less difficult to be good — I do upt know." " But you might after all Tofuso to bo good. I feel pretty euro I should! so he had better let me -alone as I nm !" " But God can do more than that to compel us to be good —a great deal moro than that! Indeed, dear uncle, wc muil repent" He said no more; and Donal, having ' heard a little of tho conversation, thought it timo to relieve Arctura. The earl was always heat be. has-ed xvith Donal; for as Ids helplessness Kfow, and tho prospect of his getting better diminished, ho became 'the moro dependent upon him, , " I suppose you mean to marry that damnod rascal of a tutor!" said tiio carl suddenly fo Arctura, one day when she was seated with a piece of work by his- bedside, and ho had lain silent some timo. She started up in droad, thinking Donal might have heard, but was relieved to see him fast asleep on the couch in tho next room. Had ho been awake she would have called him. "He would not thank you for the sugges-' tion, I 'fear," she Baid, attempting a laugh. "He is far above me!" "Is thoreno chance for Forgue then?'' " Not the smallost. I wonld rather I hnd died where you had left mo than " " Don't, if you love me, refer to that again!" "Published by special arrangements with tho author All rights reserved. ho cried. "I was not mysolf— indoed I was nob It is impossible for yoti to understand what I used to go through ; and it was as impossible for mo to tell whatl really did, and what I only imagined myself doing." " I will not mention it again if you can but tell me you have asked God to forgive yon." "I have asked him a thousand times." "Theul will never speak of it again." But these talks were upon one or two of his heat times ; at others he would be sullen, can. tankerous, abnsive to everybody that camo near him ; but as ho grow less able to help himself, thoso about him grew more compas sionate, and treated him liko a spoiled . but roally Bickly child. Arctura said she did not believe her grandmother could have brought him up properly : something a good deal better might have been made of him, she thought. But then her grandmother had him full of un tried confidences, It is moro than donbtful if she did what she could, hut Arctura had him after a life that had beon fertile in cause for self-reproach, and when ho lay in the net of so- verolllness, at the mercy of tho spiritof God. He was just a bad old child — no wiser for being old, except in having learned that the ways of transgressors are hard, Ono night Donal, hearing liim restless, got up from tho chair where ho watched by hhn most nights, and saw that he wa3 staring, but could not possibly bo seeing with the bodily eyes, whoso peculiar condition showed that they regarded nothing material. He gavo a groat sigh, and his jaw fell. For a moment he seemed to Donal to be dead ; but presently he camo to himself, liko ono waking from a troubled sleep : ho had left a terrible dream hohiud him, which was yet pulling at the skirte of his consciousness, 'Tvo seen her !" he said. "She's waiting for mo, she says, to take mo ; bnt I could not make ont where she said Bho was going to take mo. She did not look vory angry, bnt then Bho never did look very angry, even when I was worst to her ! — Grant, you'll be marrying some day, I suppose, but don't loso sight of Davie. Make a man of him, I tell yon, and his mother will thank you. Sho wa3 a good woman, his mother, thongh I did what I could to spoil her 1 I novcr succeeded thoro ; and that was how Bhc kept her hold on mn to tho very last. If I had encceedcd in spoiling her, as only a woman goad to begin with can bo spoilod, there wonld have been an end of her power oror me, - and there would then have been a genuine heir to tho earldom of Morven, As it is, there is nothing to bo done. Only if I had not been such a fool and let it out, who would have beon the worse ! Tho man is no worse himself." "He is no better since he knew it," said Donal. " He's a heartless unnatural rascal, I know," said his father : " ho has made a damned fool of' ino. His mother must sec it is not my fault. I iwould have set thing3 right if "X could, but it was too late ; and then, you tell me, sho has a hand iu letting the truth out herself — leaving her letters about. Tiiat's soino comfort. She won't bo hard on my If only there was a chance of God being half as good to mo as my ooor wife ! I trill call her my wife in spite of alt the priests in tho stupid universe. She was my wile, and 6ho deserved to bo my wife ; and if I had her now, I would marry hor, just Because I know she would be foolish enough to like it, though I would not do it all the time she was alive, lot her beg ever so. Where was tho U3e, you know, of giving in, when I kept her in hand so easily that way ? That was it. It was not that I wanted to do her any wrong. But the man should keep tho lead. You muatn't play ont your last tramp and not keep the lead, Bnt it's ill managed that yon never know when a thing is to go out of yonr power. If I had known my poor wife was going to die, I would have done whatever she wanted. Wo had merry times together too. It was thoso cursed vugs that let the eoul ont of me for the devil to tako lie place. But I should like, just for once, to verify the old Bensatioa — to know how I used to feel, that I might seo for certain what I would do now if she were alive. I fancy there w.-.a some of that cursed cnrarc in the last medicine I had. LookTit-re now, Grant, if there 4wero any way of persuading God to givo mo a'frosh lease of life. Y-oit good peoplo say ho hears prayer ; why shouldn't you ask him ? I would msko you any promise yon please — give you any security you wanted — that I would hereafter live a godly, righteous and sober life." "But," said Donal, "suppose God read your heart, and saw that you would go on as bad as ever, and that it would only he tho more difficult for him to do anything with' yon afterwards, if lie gavo you another moment ?' "He might give mo a clmuoe. I count it very hard ho should expect a poor fellow like me to bo as good as ho is." " A poor fellow mado in tho image of God, though," suggooted Donal. "A very poor image, then," said the carl with a sneer. " If that was all ho could do that way, why did ho not malce us in some other body's image ? It might have been more to the purpose 1" Donal thought with himsolf for a moment, "Did you over know a good woman, my lord ?' he asked. " Know a good woman ! Hundreds of them ! Tho o tiler sort, to bo sure, was moro to my tasto. There was my own mother, she was ratlior hard on my father now and then, I thought, bnt she was a good woman." " Suppose you hnd followed in her image, what then S" " Oh, then, you would have had some respect for me." "Then she was nearer tho image of God than you, was slio ?" "Thousands of miles nearor !" " Did you ever know a very bad woman ?" "Know a very bad woman ! Yes, hundreds, that would have taken .your heart's blood as yon slept to mako a philtre of, to get the lovo of another man with." "Then there was a considerable difference between such a woman and your mother ?' " Tho ono belongod to heavon, tho other to hell — that was all thd little difference." "Did you ever know a bad woman grow better ?' "No, never. Stop ! let raosoe !' I did onco know a woman — she was a married woman too . — that made it all the worse— all tho better I moan— I don't kuow oxactly which— who took poison— in good earnest, too, and died— diod. sir, died — whon she eamo to herself, and knew what she had dono, That was tho only woman I ever know that began — mind yon, I say bejan— to grow better ; liow long she might have gono on if alio hadn't taken that poison, but that fixed hor good, you see," " If slio had gono on, she might havo cot as good as your mother T" " Oh, hang it I no J I did not say that I " I mean, with God teaching her all the time, for ten thousand years, say ; and she always doing what he told her," " Oh, well, I don't know anything abont that. I don't know, you see, what God had to do with my mother being so good. Sho did not say much about him. Sho was nono of your canting sort — not at all." Donal wondered whether, if she had told him a little more about the God ho kuew so little of now, ho might not have beon a little less unlike him, " Well," ho said, " there is an old story which I bcliove to be quito a true one — of a man who said he was a very image of God, and was as good, and a million times better than all tho best women you liavo ever known auytliing about ; and " " Ho couldn't liavo been much of a man, then." v ' "Hencverkuow, in himself I mean, what fear was." "Ah!" " He was horn of a woman, liko you J his mother was good, and lie was better ; yonr mother was good, and you are tho woiso; whoso fault is that ?" " Oh, my Own, no doubt I I'm not ashamed to own it." " Would to God you were ashamed 1" said Donal ; "for you shame your mother In being worso than she was. For you were mado more in tho imago of God than you aro now, or than looks at all likely now. I confess I havo nover seon much iu you that, if I had not known him other ways, would have made mo love the God in who3o imago you were mode. But happily I have a fathor.and mother of my own, who aro very different from you, my lord, and as like God as they can look in tl:iB world," " Of course ! of course ! Iu tlioir position thero are no such temptations as in ours," " There is ono thing, my lord, I am sore of : that yon will never bo content with yourself, bowovor much yon may refuse to be ashamed, until you begin to look liko the image in whicli you were Blade ; before which you will have begun, not only to see that God is good, but so to feci that ho is good that you care for nothing bnt that ho should have his way with you and tho whole world." " It will be long before I grow to that 1" "You will never liavo a moment's peaco until you begin. But it is no use talking. God has not made you miserable enough yet." " I am more miserable than you or anyono Can think." " Why don't you cry ont to liim to deliver you ?" "I would willingly kill myself if it weren't for one thing." "It is just from yourself ho would deliver you?" " I would, I tell you, if it weren't that I would put off seeing my wife as long as I can." " Don't yon want to seo her ?' "I long for her sometimes, more than tongne can tell." "And you don't want to see her ?" "Not yet; not just yet; I should liko to bo a little better — to do somothing or other — I don't kuow what— first. I doubt if she would he willing to touch me just at present with that white, small firm hand of hers, she used to catch hold of me with when I hurt her. By Jove, if Bhe had been a mas, she would have mado her rnsltk in the world. She had a will and a way with her. If it hadn't been that she loved mo — mo, do you hear, you dog ! — me that there's nobody left in the world now to care a worm-eaten nut about. It makes mo as proud ns Lucifer to think of it. I dou't care if there's never another to lovo mo to the end of the world. I have been loved as never man was loved. All for my own sake, mind you. In tho way of money I was no great catch ; and as for the rank, she never got any good of that, nor would if she had lived till I was earl ; for she had a conscience — which I never had— and sho would have got no good of it, knowing it was not her own — oxccpt in appearance, ' But what,' I would sav to her, ' what is auy single thing of all the damned humbug but appear ance ?' Snrcly one appearance is as good as an other appearance; nnu that's logic anyhow, if it be nothing more.' Slio would jus t smile — fit to mskeamulosad. I was tooproud to besad. And then when her baby was dying, and she wanted ino to tako her for a minute, while she got her something, and I wouldn't. Sho laid down the baby, and got it honself, and-when slio came again, the child, absurd little thing ! was — was gone — dead. I mean gone dead, never to cry- any more, and lay there like a lump of white clay, Sho looked at mo, and never in this world smiled again — nor cried either — all I could do to make her do either!" Tho wretched man burst into tears, and the heart of Donal gavo a great leap for joy, Com mon as tears are, fall as they may for tho fool- ishest things, they may yet cause joy in Para dise. The man himself may not even know why he weeps, and his tears may yet indicate the turn on the road to hell towards the gates of tho celestial city. The earl was as far from a good man as man well could he ; there were millions of spiritual mile3 between him and the image of God ; he had wept, it was hard to say at what— plainly not at his own cruelty, not at his wife's snffcring, not in pity for the little child whose mother had aukod her father to take her, bnt whose father had refused, so that the 1 i 1 1 \v mul weut away with no human embrace at the parting ; no human being, least of all himsolf, could liavo told why he wept ; but thero was in thoso tears some contact of his human soul with the great human soul of God ; they were the be- ginning of a possible communion, nothing less, with tho Father of all ! Surely God saw this and knew tlieTic-art he had made — saw the flax smoking yet. lie who will not let us out until we have paid tho uttermost farthing re joices over the offer of the first golden grain in payment. Easy to please is he — hard indeed to satisfy, Donal dropped on liis knees and prayed : " Oh Father of us all !" he said ; " in whose hands are.thcsc unruly hearts of ours, wo can- not manage ourselves ; we ruin our own selves, hut iu thee is our help found !" Prayer wont from him ; ho rose from his knees. " Go on ; go on ; you're not going to stop yot !" cried tho earl. ' Perhaps ho will hear you— who can tell I" Donal went down on his knees again, "Oil God?' ho said, "tliou knowest us, whother we Bpoak to thco or not : tako away this manVhardaess of heart, Make him to love thee;" and thoro lie sloppod, for ho could say no more, and rose again, " I cau't pray, my lord," lie 6ald j " I don't know why. It seems ns if nothing I tried to say meant anything. I can't pray now, I will pray for yon when I am alono." "Are there so many devils about me that an lioncst fellow enn't pray in my company ?" criod the earl. " I will pray myself, iu spite of the whole swarm of them, big and littlo ! O Goil, savo mo ! I don't want to bo damnod. I will be good if thou wilt make me. I dou't earn about it mysolf, but thou canst do n3 Ihon pleascst. It would bo a fine thing if a rascal liko mu were to escape tho devil through thy goodness after all. I'm worth nothing, but I should liko to seo my wifo again 1 for Christ's sake — Isn't that the way, Grant ! — Amen. Donal had dropped on his knees onco moro when the carl began to pray. He uttered a hearty Amen, The earl turned sharply to. wards him, and saw that ho was weeping. Ho put ont his hand to liim, and said, " You'll stand my friend, Grant I" Ciurrr.n I/. Suddenly tile strength of Lady Aretu.-a seemed to givo way. She had a sharp attack of hemorrhage, and from -that hour bogan to sink. But it was spring, wUh-tlic snnimer at hand, and they hoped slio would soon recover sufficiently to be removed to n fitter climate : she did not herself think so. Sho said little, but had hardly a doubt that her time was come. She continued calm, and was often cheerful, but her spirits were variable. Donal's heart was at times sorer than he had thought it ever could be again. One day as he sat in her room, having been rending a little to her— sat looking at her, and not knowing how sad the expression of his countenance was, she looked up at hiin, smiled, and said, "Yon think I am unhappy I You could not look at mc like that if you did not think bo ! I have noticed for a long time that noth ing else makes you over look unhappy. But I am not ; I am only tired ; I am not unhappy, I hardly know now what unhapplness is t Sometimes, whon I daresay I look as if I were unhappy, I am full of happiness, I am only waiting for moro life. It is on the way to me; I feel that it is, because I am so content with everything ; I would have nothing other than it is. It is very hard for God, our father, that bis children will not truBt him to do with them whatever ho pleases ! I am sure, Donal, this world is all wrong, and all on tho way to bo wondronsly right ; but it will cost God much timo and labor yot ; wt, however, will cost him as Utile as we can — won't we, dear friend ! — oh Donal, if it hadn't been for you, God would have been to me now far off ob before ! I should havo had for a god — something half an idol, and half a common place, tyrannical man — I should not havo seen tho glory of God in the face of Christ Jesus I and how cror should I have been saved, wor shipping such a notion as that !" "No, no ; if God had not sent mc," returned Donal, "he would hare sent somebody else— that would have been uU, my lady." " I nm very glad ho sent you thongh i I should never have loved any other so much !" Donal's eyes filled with tears. Ho was simple as a child. No malo vanity, no self- exultation, that a woman should love him and tell him she loved him, sprang up In liis heart. He know she loved him ; he loved her ; all wa3 so natural that it could not bo otherwise ; he nover presumed to dream that the great lovely lady would once think of him as he had thought of Ginevra. Ho was her servant, willing and loving as any angel of God ; that was all— and ouoagh I "You're not vexed with your pupil, aro y ou !" slio resumed, again looking up in ' liis ifaco, this time with a rosy flush over her own., " Why ?' said Donal, wondcriugly. "For speaking so to my master?" "Angry because you love mo !" "No, of coarse!" slio said. "You kuew that must be ! How could I but lovo you— better than any ono else in all the world f You have given mo life, I was dead — you havo been liko auother father to me," eho nddod, with a smile of heavenly tenderness, " I could not havo spoken to yon liko this though, if I had not known that I was dying." Tho word shot a sting as of fire through Donal's heart. "Yon aro always a child, Donal," sho went on ; " and death is making a child of mo ; it makes us all cbildron ; so that, as if we wero two littlo children together, I tell you, for I will not put the wrong word to anything —I tell you I lore yon, Duual. Don't look liko that," slio continued ; " you must not forget what you liavc been teaching me all this time— that the will of our God, the perfect God, Is all in ail. Ho is not a God far off ; oh, Donal, to know that is enough to havo lived for if ono never learned anything more -in all her life. You have taught mo that, and I Ioyo you— love you next to God anil liis Christ, with a true heart fervently." Donal was crying ; he could not speak. IIo was sure sho was dy'-g, " Donal," site began again, and she spok# solemnly, "I know in my own soul, as it lira baro to Goil, that I have nothing to be ashamed of speaking so to yon. Ho hears it all, and it pleases him I should so speak. Would you mind marrying me before I go! I want to be able to say in Heaven, when I have to spouk about you, ' My liutbaud taught me tliis,' hay hunbnu.I used to say that to met' I should like to cay to Jesus, ' Thank you, my lord, my sna»tcr, for the husband y ou mails and tnught, and sent to me, that I might ba his child and Ids sister and his wife all iu ouel' There, Donal ! I'm tired, l'luaao go and think it over. I don't want an answer all at onco. Dou't fancy you must say yes. If you say no, I shall only say, IIo knows he6t what is best !' 1 shall nut bo ashamed ; and <1 should deserve to bo punished like a naughty child if I were angry. Only .one thing 1 niust warn you of — think of me warning you ! — only ghosts do come for warning, and I am very nearly a ghoul — ono thing— you must not onco think what the world would any, or think, or do in- tho matter.; of all people wo have nothing to do with the world, Wo liava nothiug to do hut' with God and love. If ho bo ideascd with us, wc can afford nut to heed what .his silly children think of us — who mind only what their vulgar nurses Bay, and not what tholr great beautiful father says; we need not mind them— noeil wo ? I wonder at myself," slio went on, for yot Donal — and it wail small wonder — could not speak, "bolng able to epcak like tbis ; but it is what I have been thinking for a long time, as I lie awako at night, I am never afraid at night now — not though I lio awake sometimes till the morning : ' perfect love aastcth out fear,' you know. I have God to loro, and Jesus to love, and you to love,' nnd my own father to lovo ! When you know him. yon will.seo how good a man can be with- unit having hocn brought np with tlie olicop ! But. I am talking nonsense ! Ob, Donal, do' . say something, or 1 shall cry, and crying kills xnol" She was sittiiig on a low chair, with the sun light across her lap, aud tho firelight on her Jfaco. Donal knelt down gently, and laid liis hands in tlio sunlight on her lap jnst as if ho wero going to say his prayers at his mothor's knee. She laid both her hands on liis. " I havo something to toll yon," ho said ; and then yon mutt speak again." "Toil me," said Arctnra, with a little gasp. " When I came hero," said Donal, "I thought my heart was so nearly brokon that it could . not love — that way, I mean — any more, thongh it could hold tho lovo of God nil tho some; and as God makes thoso who lovo him love, I loved yon from tho very first. There was something else in it too : yon were liko Iny queen, and I would have died for yon as my fathors in the old times would havo died for their chief. But I should have scorned myselffor fancying that you loved me inoro than jnst to do anything for mo that ought to ' he dune. Whou I saw you troubled, I longed to tako you up in my arms, and carry you liko -a lovely delicate young thing that must bo -tended like one of God's birJs, as Dante calls the angels, that had got away somehow, and had boon hurt, nnd put in a cago ; hut never onco, my lady, did I think of your enring for my lovo. It wasyours as a matter of conrso. 'I do not think I could over havo had the presumption to imagine such a thing ; but over siuco the" misery of her re fusing to kiss me jnst onco — for a good bye, I felt far too clownish and ngly for any lady to look at. I knew plenty about sheep and dogs, but nothing about ladies, except how worthy of .God's making they lookod. I knew about hillsides and slrios, hut not about drawing- rooms. And I thought love was over for mo." Ho stopped. Her hands lay upon liis, nnd did not move to leave them, only fluttered a little as sho said, " Ta she still — is she — alive ?" " Gil yes, my lady." "Then don't you think she may change hor mind ?" Donal laughed— an odd laugh, but it did Arctura good to honr it. " No dnngcr of that, my lady ! She has got the heat husband in the world — a much better than — than I should havo boon." " That can't be." "Why, my lady, he's Sir Gibbic Sho'a Lady Galbraith I I wonld never have wished her mine if I had known that 9he lovod Gibbic. I lovo her next to liim ; and you would love her if you know her." " Then — then — " " What, my lady ?" " Won't you say something to mo 5" " What should I say ? What God pleases is settled for mo — fast as tho roots of tho universe, and lovely as its blossom," Arctura hurst into tears. " Then you cannot love me ! You do not care for me 1" Donal began to understand. In some things ho went alioad so fast that ho could not hear tho cry behind him. Now ho understood that -she had spoken nnd was listening in vain for tlie echo that ought to havo followed; she thought horsolf unloved, for the signs of love had not appeared. The delight of love'awoko him. Ho rose, took her up in liis arms like : the child to whom he had been likening her, and with her head on liis shoulder, and his face Dent down on hers, went walking about the room with her, petting and southing her, and holding her closo to his heart. " I love yon," lie said, "and love you to all eternity ! I have love enough to livo upon .now, if yon should dio this night, aud God will -that, like tho Apostlo Jobu, I tarry till he come. God, that art too good to mc. It is more than my heart will hold. Thou art a ' 'Gocl indeed who rankest men and women, and givest them to cacli other, nnd art not ono moment jealous of tho lovo wherewith they love cacli other." So said Donal— hut alas for tho lovo where with they love each other ! There wero small room for God to ho jealous of lltut. It ' is tho little lovo with which they love each other, tho great lovo, so to call it, with which they Icrvo themselves, that hurts tho heart of their father. It is in- dcod hut n small part of what is called love between mon and women that is worthy of tho name of Ioyc. Arctnra'a arms, which wero round Donnl's -neck, at length sighed a qontio prayer for rc- lease when ho sot her gootly down in lier . chair again, her faco was more beautiful than ho had ever seen it before, and whatever it may havo indicated of her physical condition, the rose that bloomed there was the rose of a deepor health than auy sho had yot known. For theso children of God's heart were of tlio blessed few who have so far returned into the true, paradiso that thoy lovo the more becauso He is present, who feel their souls nalced before Him, and arc not ashamed. Let him that hears -understand ; if ho understand not, lot him hold his peace, and it will be tlio better for him. Ho who has no placo for this lovo also in his religion, who thinks ho can he more holy without it, cannot have entered into the tlionght of God when Ho said, " Let us tnftke man !" Ho docs not boliovo in tho holy creation of God's men and women. Ho may bo a saint, but ho cannot ho a man after God's own heart. The complete man atone is tho saved man. The saint Is but on tho way j "thitlicr, and has to be saved from more than ! aim ; " 'When shall wo ho married 1" said Donal. : "Soon, soon," answered Arotnra ; "I am i ghing very fast !" ? " To-morrow then ?'' i. "'Thorois no such haste as that— now that I- wo understand each other," sho added willi a j Toay smile. " I -want to bo married to yon j ibeforo.I die, that is all — not just to-day or to- » morrow." 5 "When you please, my love," said Donal. Sho laid her head on his bosom. ;« '"YVe-necdiiot make liasto," she said, "We Are as good as marxied now. Wo both know that each loves the othor. How shall I wait i lor. you in luyivou ? You will bo mino, you q know — a litUo bit mino— won't you ? oven i,: -If you should marry somo boautiful kdy ,i when I am gone— I shall lovo bcr when she I-.,, flomaa," " Arctura," said Donal, " you do not know too yot !" and she never ventured another word I of that kind to him. 