A POET SOCIALIST. It is not often that a penny poem has the honor of marking a political epoch, but this seems to be the case with one of the pamph lets issued by the Democratic Federation in London, and called Chants for Socialists, No. 1\. It is written by Mr. William Morris the author of the Earthly Paradise — certainly among the first of living poets, and Treasurer to the Federation. But it is not his official position that makes it remarkable, nor his genius, nor even the fact that he has been one of those who have had their share in leading English thought in both art and literature to where it stands at pre sent. It is as a topmost bubble on the great wave that' is now agitating European society that it has any significance. For years past there have been ideas in the air very similar to those which preceded the first French Revolution, and these have recently extended so far that it is now quite a fashionable thing in London society to be slightly socialistic. 'Slumming" has become the new pastime. Punch now sketches his young ladies putting on their waterproofs after a ball, in order to hide their jewels, for they are going to see "a de lightful slum that dear Charles has found out while Mr. Todeson manoeuvres to get a dinner invitation from Lady So-and-so, by professing a pleasant interest in what is really the most awful of earthly sights — men and women degraded to beasts, and considerably worse lodged. Into the wretched details of these dens of mental and bodily filth we havo not now to enter ; it is only into their effect, not upon the silly and frivolous moths who amuse themselves by fluttering round a flame that may some day burn them up, but upon that of a man of sense and feeling. The first and most powerful sensation to such a mind is that of the " Erd-weh," as the Germans call it, of the sorrow and grief of earth at seeing the infinite wretchedness in human form that pours through the poorer streets of London. Everyone ought to be happy. Birds and beasts and insects are happy; and man, with his perfection of physical form, and joined to this his wonderful powers that are not physical, is made to be a marvel of en joyment. If you kill a sparrow, a kangaroo, you lessen by so much the amount of pleasure that exists on the earth ; but you might kill 930 out of 1000 of these unfortunates, and there would be no appreciable difference in the whole amount of human enjoyment. Of them it might be truly said that life is not worth living. Such is the reasoning of the poet, and he says : — O why, and for what are we waiting, while our brothers faint and die? And on every wind of the heavens a wasted life goes by. How long shall they reproach us, where crowd on crowd they dwell — Poor ghosts of the wicked city, tho gold-crushed hungry hell ? And then the passionate regret seizes him for those unhappy ones who built up the greatest empire that ever existed, and like coral insects disappeared, leaving scarcely any trace except it may be in the grief and wretchedness of their children : — Through squalid life they labored ; in sordid grief they died. Those sons of a mighty mother, those props of Eng land's pride. They are gone ; there to none can undo it, nor save our souls from tho curse ; But hundreds of millions are coming— and shall they be better or worse ? And it must be remembered that the author is not one of those who are described as con' stituting the republic of letters, because they had not a " sovereign " amongst them. He is not anxious for a change because he has nothing to lose. On the contrary, although a poet, he has built up a large fortune And one of the most prosperous businesses of England, and yet he says: — Yea, the voiceless wrath of the wretched, and their unlearned discontent. We must give it voice and wisdom till the waiting tide be spent. Come then, since all things call us, the living and tho dead, And o'er the weltering cangle a glimmering light is shed. Come then, cast off all fooling, and put by ease and rest. For tho cause alone is worthy till the good days bring the best. And to see what he means by the "best" we must look at tho programme of the Federa tion, which is designed to be the central body of the various associations of " democrats and workers" in Great Britain and Ireland, and we find it to include Annual Parliaments, Abolition of the House of Lords and all Here- ditary Authorities, Nationalisation of the Land, and a great many other things. How far these reforms would contribute to the removal of the misery of the laboring classes is perhaps an open question, but it is very certain that the fact of their being proposed by such a man and sup ported by others of culture and stand ing, who form tho council of the Federa tion, is a sign of the times that can scarcely be regarded too seriously. Naturally the " Comic" journals tried to make some jokes about it, and Punch reached tho acme of its political wit by asking why, since he believed so much in socialism, he did not at once divide his es tablishments between his workmen ? Of course the obvious answer is that any such division would be the merest drop in the bucket, that the changes desired would cost hundreds of millions of money and vast poli tical movements, and that dividing his for tune would be simply the taking away of the salary of a general, dismissing his staff and selling his horses, to make a present of a 'penny apiece to each individual soldier, so that when final defeat came people might have full liberty to say, Whoever would have thought it ! Generals are not to be im provised, and men who will risk their sub stance are not always to be found by ad vertising for them. Into Mr. Morris's hopes of tho future we cannot now enter, further than to trust that the poet may now prove also a prophet, when he says of the coming days — Then, more than one in a thousand, in tho days that are to come, Shall have some hope of the morrow, some joy of the ancient home. 