RECOLLECTIONS OF THE STAGE. BY Australian. All the world's a stage, And all the men and women Merely players.'' —As You Like It. I played on several occasions with the " Elf of the Eddystone" amateurs. They were not all amateurs, by the way ; for instance, there was one Charley Williams, a professional comic singer, who was the stage manager, and occasional author. Charley's forte was burlesque, in which he was very funny, being often author as well as principal per former. His burlesques " Alonzo ye Brave" and " Hamlet " were considered decidedly clever. They didn't strike me at being especially elevating in their tone, but they had the intended effect. They pleased the major part of Charley's audi- ences, and he cared little, though he made " the judicious grieve," so that he made " the unskilful laugh," for the latter represented the larger num- ber. I don't think that there is any distinct dif ference in this respect even in these days, It was principally owing to Charley and his burlesque proclivities that I severed my connection with this troupe. I had played Hamlet (first act), in addition to which classic performance the bills announced a side-splitting burlesque by the diggers' favourite Charley Williams. As soon as I had done entrancing the public I get into my street clothes and took a seat in front to enjoy the burlesque and to hear the whispers around me. "That's him as done Hamlet," said one ; " and very good he was," said another. This was soothing. ' Hamlet," said a third, " looks more like the ghost." This was personal, but I felt that I could afford to treat it with silent con tempt. The bell rang and the burlesque began. 1 hadn't heard a dozen words before I was seized by a suspicion that I was about to witness a bur- lesque on my own performance of the Danish Prince. A few minutes and I was certain of it, for on stalked Mr C. Williams, got up in precise imitation of me; in voice and manner exactly my style, only ridiculously overdone, of course. The people saw the joke, and screamed. I didn't see the joke, nor did I scream; but I cleared out as soon as I conveniently could, I waited on the renowned Charles and told him my opinion of the affair. I considered it very paltry, and by no means funny. "Oh!" said he, "you are preju- diced, sir ; sure I get nearly as many laughs in the part of Hamlet as you do." I saw the satire. I answered not a word, but packed up my ward- robe and withdrew, never again to fret, my hour upon that stage. My dignity was hurt, and I left. Shortly afterwards I heard that some "supers" were required at the regular theatre, where Miss Mary Provost was playing a " starring" engage- ment. 1 didn't like the idea of becoming a " super," but then I argued— and I have since discovered argued wisely — everything must have a beginning. 1 have met a few since then who considered themselves "some punkins" who knew little or nothing of the foundation of the business, who had begun at the middle or top story, who couldn't " carry a banner," or " clear «the stage" to save their lives. It may not be absolutely necessary for "principals" to carry ' banners" or do "clears," neither is it essential that a master-tradesman should do the apprentice's work in the shop, but it argues a knowledge of his trade to know how. Reasoning thus I presented myself at the stage door. I was engaged. The first piece in which I appeared was " Medea," I was given a Grecian shirt and a pair of tights in which to array myself. The tights were called 'fleshings." Anything more unlike flesh I have never seen. I have beheld human beings of every nationality — of every hue under the sun, but I never saw one whose flesh in the faintest degree resembled those tights ; perhaps the limbs of a Chinaman in an ad- vanced stage of decomposition would come nearest in point of resemblance. However, there they were, and I had to wear them. We were not supplied with sandals, so we wore what we could. Some wore lace-ups, some shoes. I wore elastic- side boots, and being painfully contcioua of the thinness of my legs, 1 artfully determined to assiit nature in this respect. Thii is how I did it. I pro cured a quantity of II »e auwduit and title d iu the space between tho tight3 and my tLsk until I had produced quite a rcipectablc pair of limbs. They ri ally looked Ttry well, and hid 1 not baeu too energetic in my ruovemouts on tue etaga tuey might have stood out the tragedy ; but th.y didn't. 1 happened to be in a ' cloud," and standing near the footlighis, wuen, hearing a roar of laughter iu a solemn portion of lha play, and seeing soma of my brother "aupes" looking down towaraa my feet, 1, too, glanced that wny. What wa» tuy horror to discover that the sawdust Uad all slipped down arou»d n.y anklc», leaving the lights («lscks I should say) dangling round my leg liko a couple of pudiiiug-bags Graxually I edged towards tea wings and got tlr ihs stage. Fiom that night I received the eoubriquu of " Lsgs," ana it stuck to mo too for a loDg time. However 1 had made a start in the profession. My next exploit was in " Camille," 1 wai ontruatod with the duty of agisting to carry on tbe sapper-table. Now, one would think that this was a simple matter enough, and so it was to any ordinary being, but 1 was not an ordinary bring. I was unaware of the presence of th batten that con nects the centre-doors in ebambors of the kind on the stage. Tha other stage waiter waut first, walking backwards. I followed with my end, tripped over the batten, toraed tbe other " artiste" to ait down on tbe stage while I earefully cap- sizsd the table and covered bim with plates, ornet- etand, raltiallere, knives, forka, " property " fowli — in f»ct the whole " eet inpper," — bringing up the reAr by doiDg a " header," which landed mo gracefully on "allfoura" in the middle of the ftige. " Well dona. Logs," cried a friend from tue pit. "Try it again, Bawduit," yelled another mitcreant. Tbe laughter waa deafening, I helped to place the tabte on ite legs, and put "the supper" to rights, amidit tho wildet hilarity from the audienee, and curse, " not loud but deep," from tho managoment. 1 received the congratulations of tbe entire com pany upon my expertness, and war, compliinant.d by tbo press. They ixid that they didn't think I could do it again ; that it was tbo best thing in the miserable play, i did'ot try to do it ajjaiu, It was all right next nighi, and I really briieve that Vhs audience wuro disappointed. Mits Provost's engagement was not a long one ; the lady had a lugubrious ropurtoire, and was not a succss From this time), I b.gan to be entrusted with little parts, J. H. Vinson, the husband of poor Kate Ward, was my first minagcr. Thoy aro both gone to "that undiscovered country from whoie bourne no traveller roturni." At that time, thst provincial theatre could boast such people as Fanny Young, sister of " Charley," one -of the be«t legiti- maie comedians Australia has ever eten ; Tjm Kawcett — both now dead ; and a general stock oompany, capablo of supporting G, V, Brooke, Hudson, John Drew, Bmma Stanly, et hoc goaui omne._ The first of thase luminaries I met was Hits Krnma Stanly. This lady was tho grsatest monoloquiat that ever came to the country, at leail 1 think o, and 1 suppoie that's BufEcieat. " Satan in Paris," and "London Assurance," were among tha piece Miss Stanly played, I don't know what 1 did in the former, but in the latter, because ol my youthful appear and, I wa» cast for Dolly Spanker. I reuiembor being sorely troubled about getting a red hunting ooat for the part, thiro wain't one in the company ; hut I was told of a certain amateur who had the very thing. I applied to him for the loan of tho article and ho churlishly refused— of courss a man has a right to rotate' ie lend his things even to me, hut he needn't do it as though be thought 1 intended to steal them. I managed somehow without the coat, and I have een that party without a red coat since— and I don't think that ha had many of any colour, I'm not revenge ful, I'd have given him one, but be was ineijmfi- cant, and mine would be too big for him. Mis St.niy was one of tbo nicest lstlirs I havo ever met ; but I'm bound to say that she was not nearly so successful in the general drama as she was in her own eniortaintment. It waa during my engagement with this company that Boveral amateur performances woro given in aid of the various charities— not by my old club, but by th# " big bugs " of the place. "All that glitters." "Sill waters" | and the burlesques of Macbeth " and " The ; Merchant of Ytmice " wera union- the production. ! It wna in the laet named that a rather comical I thing happen: d. Shylock was unperson etrd by a very tall gentleman, aud in one portion of tho piece "The 1'eifect Cure "—then comparatively ' new— wi.s introduced. In jumpbig upv.-aids to ' the muse, rhytock, in his endesvoqi to ju.nu hightr than mybody else, tOuiuvid to land on what is technically called a " quarter trap," The trap did Dot prove equal to 'he sudden weight— it pave way, ana Sbylock suddenly disappear lid from the public gaze. The people in front thought it - was intended as a part ot tho performance, and spplauded " to the very echo " but tho-n on the ctage knew that it was an accid- nt, and were fearful for tbe result, but it so happened that, though Shy lock had gone through a bole feet first, and fallen a distance of about two fath ens, he was uninjured, snd when he re-appeared he wag bailed with loud applause. Ho acknow ledged the compliment. Thou there wcra crie3 of encore. Shylock declined. 1 wond-.r wny 1 Among the " stars "that irraduted the theatrical horizon at about this time was Ur il Kean Bu- cbannan, a strangely uneven actor. Ho would pisy portions of a character attonisaiagly well, whilst other parts were equally a-touisiiing for their badncrs, At times, in ltichnrd III., be would rise to tragic grandeur — then ho would tuddenly Bi'nk into mere rant " sound nod fury, signifying nothing;" he would just succeed in in teresting his audience by an excellent pourtrayal of tome of the subtle craftiness of thi royal tyrant ; then he would fall into meaningless gabble. I have seen him ' play portions of Iticb- litu in a way that seemed to raise me out of my seat. Then he played another portion Urn did raise me, and I didn't go back again. Mr Bucbannan wsb not regarded ns an unmixed blessing— he was occasionally hiveed — but thin there were some occasions, not many, when he wasn't ; it was this almost continual mark of dis approbation that induced bim to offer a reward for the discovery of any one individual who had hissed him. ,It was, 1 think, upon a Saturday nigbt after, in tko character of Macbeth, be had been greeted with "the Michaelmas bird," that Mr Bucbannan came before the curtain and offered £5 good and lawful money to any one who would tell, him who bad hissed. H hid scarcely done speak ing when a little stoatly-bnilt man, a butcher, I think, advanced towards tbe stags aud offered to earn th fiver. The big tragedian regarded the little man viciously for an instant, then, expressing his utter di«belief in the veracity ot the smill party, retired amidst a Btorm of ironical applause, not UDmixod with the souBd of the angry serpent. Mr Bucbannan didn't bear from Australia a very large quantity of bcr much-coveted gold, and yst, but for hiB extraordinary wast of evenness, he was a good actor. Tbo next eminent tragsdian with whom I had the honor to be professionally associated — and ha vra aminent too — was tbo lasuoatsd G, V. Brooke, He came accompanied by Miss Ellen Uortync and Mr Lambert, Mil# Mortyne I thought one of the most charming ladies 1 had ever saan ; it is a long time aincc tben, and I think io still. I have never seen the " Bosnie Fishwife" so bonnily played a# it wai by her. I have never sesn no handiomo a Portia, or one who spoks the " mercy" speech as the spoke it. And then Lxmb.rt — how vividly I remember hit Brxbanlio, Dogberry, King Duncan, and Pcloiiui. Aul how shall 1 speak ot G. V. Brookes' performances/or of tbe imprereion they left on my young mind ? It wa my privilega to so him ast when he hid not bee a fighting with his enemy — that accursed enemy that bas been tho downfall of so many brilliant actors. Yei I 1 hare een G. V. Brooke when "the potent prison" had not "o'erawed his spirit," when "Bichard was himself again," 1 hxve feen him play, Othello, Macbeth, Itickelieu, ll-.t-r Walter, Matthew Elinors, and Sir Giie Overreach at I do not think any mu living could play them, and I have seen bim in comedy too, To my mind when Brooke went down iu the ill- fated London " Felix O'C'nilaghan" found a watery grave. And then his " Irish Attorney I" Apropos of this comedy, I was present playing a small part in the pieco when the following event took place. — Piorce 0'IIara is supposed in one scene to be awfully tipsy — unable to riEe from tha floor. On this occasion Pierce O'Hars required no acting to convey this idea. The audienc. saw the situation, and when, after inefxcc'ual struggles to rise, O'Hara said, " What shell I do nt-xt ?" someone in the body of the theatre replied, " Go to sleep for 48 hours." The words acred like mxgic The man who but an instant befote w»s perfectly help less, suddenly roso to bis fet, took off his wig, aud calling to the prompter " Drop the curtain," bowed to tbo audience and walked off, only to collapse in bis dressing room. The taunt had aroused him for an instant — a proof of the triumph of mind over matter. Another piece had to be substituted to linrih the performanoe, and on tho next evening, when the great tragedian appeared as Macbeth, he wisac- crtled a reception, the equal of which I have seldom hoard, showing thst, with all his faults, thej loved him still. 1 am a firm believer in the mct'.o " Us mortui nil nisi bonum," and this little iioidtnt is not given wiih tbe Iea»t desire to cast a shadow oi disrespect upon the memory of departed greatnese. 1 shall always beer in kindly remembrance my first attempt at a character of importance with Mr Brooke ; it was L.nnox in Macbeth. I was terribly nervous over the speech commencing "The nigi.t has been un ruly." In tho middle of it I stuck, tvh.-n Mr Brooke quietly and kindly "gave me the word," adding " don't be afraid, my buy." At that mo ment 1 felt as if I could have worshipped him ; ho didn't growl at me trader bis voice to let the audience ece how great ho was, and how small I was, "as many of our players do," he was at heart a gentleman ; he pitied my ner vousness and assisted me — h: wasn't jealoss of me, not he — and aftor considering tbe thing all tuess years, I havo come to the conclusion thai he hadn't the least occasion to be. 1 met Mr Brook, some time afterwards, when a funny affair occurred ; but of that I will spoak in its proper place. Ourn.xt "shir" was Mr Hudton, the Irish cha racter actor, whose Irish Bcsi, llory O'More, Irish Ambassador, and White Horso of the Foppari will be freah in tbe memories of Australian playgoers. I played a imall part in tho Irish Post. It was sup- poied to be a comedy part, end, a .ucb, in humble imitation ot my belters, I thought it the correct thing to put a plentiful rapply of red paiot on my nose. Whau Mr Hudson taw me he satirically in formed me that 1 waa not supposed to be a red Indian. "Go," said he, "and take off that red stuff." I was crushed, but I obeyed. Some nights after Bory U'Moro wsb the piece, I had to play Bill Jones, who is supposid to have a red nose. " Bory " alludes to the fact. I knew it perfectly well, but I didn't put a particle of colour on my proboscii that night. When Mr Hudson noticed it — knowing of course that he had to allude to my red note — be >aid, " Why hove you not reddened your nore?" I answerod, "Bill Jonea Is not suppoicd to be a red Indian, Mr Hudton." I bad him there. He offered mo a handsome fortune to square it. I geuernusly de clined, and we bacame good frituds. Fast on tbo heel of Mr Hudton came anotho: Irish comedian, than whom a hotter ha not siuco graced Austra lian bosrds— John Drew. Who that taw his Handy Andy will ever forget it? Whs want to see a bettor performance of O'Brien in the "Irish Nmi- grant t" And then, apart trom business, be was such a kindly genial soul. No one but had a good word for John Drew — no ono but frit sorry to baar of his sad death. He died in the perform anoe ot an affestionatc action. While pity ing with his liitla child, he sLppod, and cauted »ome injury, which terminated fatally. He was sincorcly regretted by all who knw him. I pltyed in other places with these lad two gn- thmon, quite a variety of parls falling to my lot ; one night I would be, perhaps, a footman, whtn I would bt certain to be reminded of my old title " Leg on another nigbt I possibly would be one of a band of smuggleis in skirts and boots, hairy lace, and hanging cap. Sometimes I'd have a few lines to speak and somotimea I wouldn't, but in any cats I alwayi tried to be a little different to the rest- I would hunt up old pictures or prints and get myself up iu accordance witu them, I was toon singled out for "icspootablo utility," and wben I transferred my lervioes to another theatre, it waa with the understanding that I was not to b« callud upon to do anything below the Degree of " respectable utility.">My departure from the com pany In whioh 1 had mat Hudson and Drew wai osoaUoned by tbt it-ability of the treasury to meet the demands upon it. Attar the departure of the btars, the stock didn't draw- Brery dodge was tried but with no satisfactory result ; as a last resource we bribed the people to come and seo ub. We ad vertised 'that we would give away a pig; a;" flat," u frame of eome 12 x 8, upon which a gigantic pig was paintrd, was placed outride the theatre. Ths printed pig was a huge fellow— the real porker waa a sucking pig, and so the inteription beneath the big one distinctly stated. The word w -re " porcus lactwis," rather a contradiolion to the painted figure ; but we didn't mind that, we knew 1 bat the British public couldn't all translate Latin. Then we had a procession, a regular " parade," cue paity, lho then bill-sticker, on a white horse "nd dtes-ed like Napoleon ; a Wellington, or some ono; a full band in a waggon ; I in a Boman . ahirt and a tall black hat beating tho big drum, j t>nd we bad all the arabs in tho town after us in pur- I i.-i t accordance with Euch exhibitions. But \v>- couldn't help it, we wore "hard tin," I end in eome ctses there were little mouths at home waiting for a share of tnnt night's recti pta — poor little creatures ; that's where tha hardship of the player's life comes hardest. Outsider \- think that it is 11 fun, arid the player puts oa a smiliog face, while per bap his heart is achiog with thoughts of thosi- at home. Well, nigbt came, and Fate was unpropitious. At seven o'clock at tbe front of Ibe theatre there was a Urgo crowd waiting for tbe dcors ta open. A squal: of wind and rein rose, and at half-prat seven there wera not a dozen persons to be seen- the thing was an utter f -dure. What became of the pig? : Well, it was to hae been given to tbe maker of ; the best pun — a conu: drum. I don't know whose , wit shone with m fficienl hrigntness to win tno ' pig; but I do know that the " pork us lasten " ! mrde tbe Bunday's dinner for tbe wife and i little children of one of the comi-any — and I know . also that the poor things sto >d s.uily iu need of it. I was now literally on my own refonrces. I had cut mjpclf adrift fiom home— certainly I might have returned, "fatt'.d calf, Ac." — but I had some pride. As yet, I hadn't been sufficiently starved. I was pretty near it though, within the next month. Actors of my calibre were not in great demand. I had chumm a man little understood in his time, apparently of a gloomy, taciturn disposition. H pcsse?83d a hear: ' worthy o£,the most sincere Christitn living. Poor Jack, I followed bis remains from the Alfred Hos pital to the Melbourne Cemetery. It was the last I could do for him after an acquaintanceship of close on 20 years. With a short account of bow Jack and I had to fight " the wolf," I'll close my present letter. We lived in a teni G x 8, Jack, with the lst of hia purse, had bought a bag of potatoes, and some powder and shnt. The inten tion was to live upon the bi'd# of the air, assisted by tpuds. We went out and walked tlra wnole day without finding anything to 6hoot at, but on our way home, "footsore, tired, and hungry, we spied a herd of goats — perhxps you never beR'd of goats — belonging to no one in particular. Well these were ownerless — they bed bred end gener ated on the bills until no one could possibly claim them ; to make my story brief, wo brougut down a kid, and we found that kid and potatoes were not at all bad, and in thiB way did Jack and I lire until an engagement turned up. At length our patience was rewarded — our poverty alleviated — an engagement c»me for both, and in the Fam: th.atrc we shook bands and said, " a consumma tion devoutly to be wished." 