ENGLAND V. AUSTRALIA. By the arrival of the mail, the readers 0f tliu Melbourne papers have been placed in pos session of iv detailed account of the match between the Australian cloven and a repre sentative eleven of England on August the J1th, 12th, and 13th, in which the Australians scored so heavily. The heat was greater than has heeti known in England for 20 years, the thermometer stood at !M in the shade, and loO in the sun. The wicket was not only as hard as an osphaltc pavement, hut being formed of new Jairf, absolutely perfect in its wearing qualities. Tho special correspondent of the Auk writes aa follows:— The unprecedented result of the first day's play will probably, in first-class matches, remain an unbeaten record for many years, and Mur doch, M'Donnell andScottbc for ever associated with tho fact that 011 Kennington Oval it took tho strongest team in Kngland, ten of whom bowled, a whole day, to capture two Australian ■wickets at a cost of 303 runs. Tho celebrated Australian batsman,'Murdoch,-from start to finish played the game, the Ktiglish bowlers in t|ii"'i "feeding" him in vain. JFis .superb cut ting power and faultless defence were shown to tho greatest advantage, whilst he oiu:o again proved that, in tho possession of unlimited patience, tho greatest gift a batsmauean posses*, ho is second to 110 cricketer living. Al-'.ii he made his first mistake, a snick oil' lilyett, which gave a chanco at the wickets. from that time till hie total stood at 171 I10 never made a bad ptroke ; but Barlow then at third man missed him badly, and at 205 Steel, at close mid-011, had a one-handed catch, which he failed to take, all.three chances being.off ITIyctt. Murdoch's innings,, notwithstanding, was beyond , doubt 'worthy of being considered oneof his very greatest performances, anil his total (21 UisaUlie present .time the highest 'more made in England this 'season in a first-class match. M-|>..iuiell has in his three last matches exhibited an amount of patience that I must confess the dashing Melbourne batsman's best friends never thought ho possessed, and' has 'thus done justice to his splendid defensive power which on former occasions has too often been sacrificed toimpulse, ;the result being three scores of 32, 0!>, 103. Not in the least degree has this interfered with his punishing power, but has, in fact, strengthened it by enabling him to lust longer. In thu compilation of his first century in Kngland lie fairly excelled himself, the only approach to a. chance given being a hard drive back to Barnes when ho had made f)2, which, however, proved too hot for the bowler to hold. Scott iias followed up his previous brilliant success by also achieving a three liguro record, tho ambition of all batsmen ill first class matches, and a triumph indeed for the young Victorian on his first visit to Kngland. After making 2o he hit .one back to Grace, who failed to secure a left handed catch, and the only other blot 011 his fine performance was a chance to the long field ito Lord Harris off Steel when he had made (19 'He is, at the present moment, undoubtedly tho best leg hitter in tho team, and although he has not missed a mutch, his batting average is second only to Murdoch's. Thu howling analysis shows that Lyttelton, with underhand slows, was the most successful bowler. On the first day he howled a few overs round arm without getting a wicket, but when tried 011 Tuesday with slows he captured four in eight overs at a coat of 12 runs. Ou the first day ten bowlers were tried, and changed twenty-six times, and 011 thu second the list was made complete by Shrewsbury bowling three overs, off which, by tho way, only 2 nnui were scored. But for the wonderful patience and perfect do fence of Seottun the English innings would have been an almost total collapse, and a moro 'meritoriousperformance under similar circum stances I have never witnessed. Prom the time the Australians completed their colossal inning", ,the Englishmen's only hope was to secure n. ulraw, and thin Scotton accomplished for them 'by staying.at the wickets five hours and .three quarters and making (10 runs without one really jbad stroke, as during tho whole of the time he gave not the ghost of a chance. Going in first, he was ninth out when the ' total reached 332 ; during his stay at the wickets he received some severe punishment, including one terrible blow on tho knee from Spoffbrth. When the eighth Knglish wicket fell for 181, _ there wore still three hours and a half to play, and the Aus tralians, with 370 runs to tho good, hail hopes of accomplishing a one innings victory, but \V. ' W. Kead, who joined Scotton, asserted his mas tery over tho bowling from tho outset of his innings, which was one of tho best exhibitions of clean, true and hard hitting imaginable, 110 boundary hits being included in his total. After . making 23 I10 gave Spofi'orth a low down chanco off his own bowling, which was missed, but tho punishment inflicted ou tho bo- vlers may lie stated from tho fact that ho made 100 runs in oxactly two hours. The two batsmen named made nearly two-thirds of tho Knglish total. In connection with the running out of W. G. Grace, another of those disgraceful scenes, for which I fear the Oval will soon become notorious, took place. Cullen,. who is considered one of the best, and certainly moat independent, umpires in England, oiliciatcs for Gloucestershire, being engaged in business in Bristol, and ho it was who gave Grace out, for which he was (on tho drawing of tho stumps) followed in by a howl ing crowd, who hooted and hissed hitn right up to tho pavilion gate. • At another stage of tho game, when the Englishmen were batting, tin; crowd encroached some io yards ou to the play ing ground, anil Giffeu in attempting to stop a ball ran clean into them, which led to so serious an altercation that Lord Harris walked out from the pavilion and said, " It you don't give the Australians fair play I will give them the match." Throughout the whole of the second and third days indeed the .most unsportsmanlike spirit was exhibited, ironical cries of "How's that!" being heard whenever Blackhaui stopped a lull, and Lord Harris was jeered at in the coarsest manner for missing Scott. It may readily bo believed that the pleasure of a match productive of most perfect cricket ou both sides was thus considerably marred, to the great annoyance of those who attend through love of the game. The result of the three matches played is of course unsatisfactory to both sides, for whilst England can claim a substantial vic tory in the only match completed, nobody can jdeny- that the.merit of.; tho rubber rests un doubtedly with Australia, whoso two draws so entirely in their favor more than counterbalance the oun defeat ; and, by.comparison, it must bo allowed that three test matches have ccrvcil to more than uphold thu previously well won re-, putation of the Australians. , The result of the third, is especially gratifying on account of the team being .knocked more or less to pieces by 3 months' incessant work on hard-wickets, per forming an unprecedented feat in that depart ment of the game which is supposed to be their 'weakest point. No amount of fencing the ques tion can alter the fact that three matches have been played, and that the Australians have had a long way the best of it, and this throughout |the trying heat. -Both teams fielded withspirit, Lord Harris, Read (who .was most effective at point), Barnes and Scotton ai.d Scott, Bamier inan, M'l)ouuen aud GifTeh doing yeoman ser vice for,their respective aides. Lyttelton be hind the wickets was not seen at his best, but even withthe assistance of a longfstop, was not np to Blackham's standard, the Victorian re suming his place behind tho sticks with consi derable success, the catch by which he disposed of Shrewsbury being a capital bit of work ; whilst the ranning out 'of Grace was very cleverly accomplished, 4s Bamicrmaii returned the ball very wide of the wicket. An enormous number of people witnessed the match, the num bers being (allowing for members)*about 18,000 ou the first day, 17,000 cm the second, and over 10,000 on the third. : From the A rrjui correspondent we learn that upon the fall of tho third English wiek'-t in the first inning3, with the total-at 7:1, all lVuud tho groundj people uneasily shifting iu their seats, began to say,'" It all depends' Hn" Steel." .So indeed it did, and his sharo in thp match may ■be much underrated. Virtually it was fjlool arid Steel alono that scoured/ an honourable draw for Kngland. The moment Steel came in, Snolt'urth instinctively felt that now was the ttsjj of war. Yon could see him lingering tho ball in that nervous way which, with him, means deadly peril to tho batsiu.-.n. For hall an hour lu howled hi-: \«-ry Inst. In npit-j 0; the true and han'i ground sjnie of his litvaklweks were t-.-inine, bur. .Steel and Scotton met him u iui a quiet resolution which it did one- govd to see. This half-hour was, indeed, tho very acme ol j cricket. Then Spofferth was baflhni and beaten, and virtually of no moro use in the. match. It now seemed as if Steel Wfts about to repeat his former great achievement, but Palmer, sphmiulc mrndaaunexpectedly cot riil of him by a brilliant piece of strategy. lie bowled two or (lin e hal s to the oil' till ho had ■enticed Steel's leg unconsciously to the for bidden ground, and then suddenly sent in a swift yorker, vrhicji struck Steel's pad before lie could interpese bis bat. This was a bit of downright t^ood cricket of a kind which would have sent old Clark into an ecstacy of chuckles. Tlie /ollowiiu: aro the scores :— AUSTRALIA. FIRST INNINGS 1\ S. M'Donnell, c Ulyett, b Poato ...103 A. C. Bannorman, c lioad, b Poato ... 4 \V. L. Murdoch, c Peato, b Barnes ...211 H. J. H. Scott, c Lyttolton, b Barnes ' ...103 G. Gifl'on, c Stool, b Ulyett ... ...32 G. J. Bonnor, o Road, b Graco ... ... 8 W. Midwinter, c Graco, b Lyttolton ... SO J. M. Blackham, 1 b'w, b Lyttolton . 31 G. li. Palmer, not nut ... S ]'\ 11. Spofl'orth. b Lyttolton . . ... 4 H. V. Boyle, o Harris, b Lyttolton ... 1 Byos 7, leK-byea 10 ... 17 Total ... ... 551 Bou'I.i.vi: Analysis.—Poato, 252 halls, !>!) runs, 25 maidens, 2 wickets ; Ulyott, 'J" l bulls', 90 runs, 2 ! maidens, 1 wicket; Steel, 13(! balls, 71 runs, 7 maidens ; Barnes, 'JOS balls, SI runs, 25 maidens, 2 wickets ; Barlow, 200 balls, 72 runs, 22 maidens; Grace Slli balls, 23 rims, 11 maidens, 1 wickot; Head, 28 balls, 30 runs ; Scotton 20 balls, 20 runs, 1 maiden; Harris, 20 balls, 15 runs, 1 maidon; Lyttolton, -IS halls, 10 runs, 5 maidons, 4 wickots ; Shrewsbury. 12 balls, 2 runs, 2 maidons. ENGLAND. MUST INNINGS. W. G. Graco, run out 19 W. Scotton, c Scott, b Gilfon 90 W. Barnus c Midwinter, b Spolforth ... 15 A. Shrewsbury, c Blackham, b Midwinter 10 A. G. St.eel, 1 b w, b Palmor 31 G. Ulyett, c Bannormaii. b Palmer ... 10 U. G. Barlow, e Murdocli, b Palmer ... 0 Lord Harris, 1 b w, li Palmor 11 A. Lvttleton, b Spolfort.il S W. \V. Head, b lioylo 117 10\. Peato, not out 4 Byos S, le^-byes 7, wides 6, no balls 3 24 315 37 21 6 17 4 Total, for 2 wickets 85 Bowling Analysis.—First lnniiiKS—Bonnor, 52 balls, 33 runs, 4 maidens, 5 widos ; Palmer, 218 balls, !I0 runs, 19 maidens, 4 wickets, 1 wido, 1 no lull ; Spofl'm th, 232 balls, 81 runs, 31 maidens, 2 wickets, 1 noball; Boyle,52balls, 24runs 7maidens, wicket; Midwinter, 124 balls, 41 runs, 10 maidens, 1 wicket; Gilfon, 101 balls, 3(i runs, l';i maidens, 1 wicket, 1 no ball: Scott, 12 ball <, 17 runs. Second Innings—Spolforth, 21 balls, 14 runs, 2 maidons ; lioylo, 32 bails, 32 runs, 1 maiden, L iViokot; Gilfon 28 halls, IS runs, 1 maiden, 1 wicket; Midwinter, 12 balls, 15 runs; Palmer, 8 balls, 2 runs, 1 maiden. Total SKCONl) INNINGS. A. Shrewsbury, b Giil'on R. G. Barlow, not out Lord Harris,.not out A. Lyttloton, b Boyle Byes 8, leg-byes 1 