KICOTIKE IX CIGAlt SMOKE. Tlie German savant, Dr. Kissling, -has recently made some interesting experi ments on this subject, the cigars being smoked with an aspirator, and the smoke drawn through a cooler and five bottles. Of the latter, the first and third were empty, the second being filled with alco hol, the fourth with dilute sulphuric acid, and the fifth with caustic soda. In the four experiments, 50, 42, 132, and 100 cigars were smoked respectively- The percent ages of nicotine were 3*75, 3*75, 0*295, and 0*19 in the respective experiments. Xn a fifth experiment the tips and ends of those cigars used in the first experiments were used, and in a sixth experiment, the cigar ends left by a smoker were tested for nicotine. These were found to contain 2*51 per cent., the cigar itself "having had 2*24 per cent.: so that the increase was comparatively smalL The general results of Dr. Kissling's researches "are" of interest to all cigar smokers. He found that the active poisonous con stituents of tobacco smoke are carbonic oxide, sulphydric acid, prussic acid, and nicotine. The three first-named are present in tobacco smoke in too small quantities and are too volatile to deserve any consideration in judging of the effect of using tobacco on the sys tem. The picollne bases are present in the smoke in relatively small quantities, " so that the poisonous qualities may be attributed almost exclusively to the nico tine. The amount of nicotine in smoke depends chiefly on the quantity of nico tine in the tobacco. The quantity of nicotine destroyed by the combustion of a cigar is relatively smalL Perhaps the most interesting result of the experiments 13 that they show that as nicotine is solnble in alcohol, it is more than'pro ibablethat the use of alcoholic beverages prevents the local accumulation of nico tine and hastens its removal from the body. •. In other words, a glass of beer of wine is the proper concomitant to the pipe or cigar. 7"T5ie Berlin correspondent to the Time '. •newspaper has lately given an account of what he describes as 44 the interesting trial 4 of an invention which, in the opiuion of the naval and technical authorities who wit nessed it, promises to eilect an important change in the propulsion of vessels of all •.classes.*' This trial took place by means of a vessel nsmed the Bydrcmotor, and, as its name implies, it is propelled by the action of water. Very few particulars are given ; but • we gather from the account alluded to that the vessel is furnished with very powerful 'pumps, which eject a stream of water on either side of it through the tubes which are -placed* few inches above the level of the river in which the vessel floats. As a rocket is propelled by means of the stream , of fire which it pours out, so this boat is i pushed along by the jets of water forced | from its tubes. The opinion of Ad miral von fieuck concerning this in vention is quoted to the effect that it has almost certainly a future be fore it Perhaps that worthy admiral is not aware that it also has a past behind it For 20years or more the floating tire engines on the Thames have been propelled by the same: means. With powerful pumping machinery already established it was a natural proceeding to use the same power for moving the vessels from place to place; but no one who has watched their slow motion against the tide would dream of the principle ever rivalling the screw propeller or the paddle wheel. It is a pity (says Chamber's Journal) that history so often repeats itself in the matter of inventions. " FIxes and Bugs, Beetles, insects, roaches ants, bed-bugs, rats, mice, gophers, jack rabbits, cleared out by 44 Rough on Pints.11 Moees. Moss and Co., Sydney, General Agents. Catarrh of thf Bladder.—Stinging irritation, Inflamation, all Kidney and similar . Complaints, cured by "Bucbu paiba." Moses, Moesand Co., Sydney, General Agents. \- Wells* "Rough ox Corns."—Ask for "Wells "Rough on Corns." Quick relief, complete, per znanent cure. Corns, warts, b onions. Moses, Moss and Co., Sydney. General Agents. iTTry & Han-suet's Perfected Cod layEB Oil.—44 Has almost the delicacy of sa lad oaL**— British Medical Journal. 4* Many to whom the taste of the oil has hitherto been an. obstacle will doubtless be able to take it." TjasuxL 44 Xo nauseous eructations follow after it is swallowed. "—Medical Press. 4eA pharmaceutical prodnct which is in its way unrivalled."—London Medical Record. "A great boon to get such an oil."—Practition<r. Allwbo have difficulty in taking cod liver oil should insist on having Allen & Hanburys' Perfected 02, and decline the cheap sub stitutes so persistently offered. Sold only in imp. qn-pts., Ir 4d ; half-pts., 2s Od ; pts., 4s Ad ; qtsL, 9a. Trade Mark—44 A plough." Of nil chemists. Wholesale of Feltox, Geim WAD£&CO;~, Ghosts.—An attempt is bein made in the old country to revive the belief in visitants from another world, and many are the woq derfol stories that fill some of the journals. TbeTsceptical mind is, however, inclined to adopt Scrooge's remark to Marley's ghost: "Hov do I knew that yon are not a bit of undigested bread T9 for. of all the ghost pro ducers, a bit of "heavy" bread is the most potent. It is a wonder, therefore, that people do not adopt: the surest spell against ghosts by using Berwick's Gold Medal Baking powder in making', bread; for, although it wbxflt "raise ghosts," it tctll raise bread in the most admirable fashion. Every wise store keeper has it by him, and every good house w • hgyaffct. : : - - 