Sermon Preached at the Cathedral, Perth, at the Ordination held on Sunday, July 13 thy by the Bishop of Perth. 2 Cor. t. 18 19. " All things are of God, Who hath reconciled us unto Himself by Christ Jesus, and hath given to us the minis try of reconciliation. These words contain two mam state- ments. First they speak of the great mercy of God in reconciling mankind nntc Himself in Christ Jesus : and, secondly, of the ministry of the Chris tian Church as a means ordained hy God to the fulfilment of this great purpose. I would ask your careful attention to them this morning as putting before Us the' nature and work of the Christian ministry, to which this day's services especially call our thoughts, in one of its widest and most important aspects. In the first place let us briefly no tice the manner in which they speak of the great love and mercy of God (in reconciling mankind unto Him self ) " All things " says the Apostle, " are from God, "Who hath reconciled us unto Himself in Christ Jesus." God is the great Creator of all things : and every blessing that we, His crea tures, enjoy is from Him. His free goodness is the source whence proceed in their first origin all our blessings, whether spiritual or temporal. "But more especially is it so in regard to : our restoration by Christ Jesus to the place amongst His children from which by sin we had fallen. For we must ever bear in mind, if we would read aright what the Scriptures teach us of the love of God to man, that in our natural condition we are fallen and sinful beings. Alike in God's gift to us of an inspired revelation to guide us into the knowledge of the truth, and in all other means by tvhich He has made provision for the supply of our spiritual necessities, He is dealing with us, we must re member, not as perfect beings need ing only to use the light and strength of the nature vte possess in order to attain the true ends for which we were Created ; but as beings fallen from the excellence of our first creation and nefding to be renewed again to His image ; as erring children who have followed our own will instead of His commandments, and need Mis Divine forgiveness ; as those who are suffer ing from a moral disease or disorder, and need to be restored to health and happiness. T, his, that is everywhere clearly asserted in Scripture, is dis tinctly set forth in the words of my text, and in the whole passage of which it is a part. " God hath recon ciled us unto Himself " the Apostle says " in Christ Jesus." And again, in the next verse, " God was in Christ reconciling the world unto Himself, hot imputing their trespasses unto them." And again in v. 21, " He made Him Who knew not sin to be sin on our behalf (i.e. to be the repre sentative of sinful man) "that we might be made the righteousness of God in Him." " If therefore when we were enemies we were reconciled unto God through the death of His Son, much more, being reconciled, shall we be saved by His life." Bearing in mind then this great truth that through Christ J esus our fallen race has been once more recon ciled to God, as a truth which lies in fact at the root of the whole subject, let us go on to consider in the second place how distinctly in the words of my text the ministry of the Christian Church is connected with God's gra cious design of reconciling the whole world unto Himself. " All things are of God, Who hath reconciled the world unto Himself through Christ Jesus, and hath committed unto us the ministry of reconciliation." That this really was so in the case of the Apostles we know from the account given us in the Gospel narrative of their first Commission. We there read how the Lord Jesus Christ Him-, self, on the very day of His Resur rection, expressly committed to them the Ministry of Reconciliation. His own work was finished. By His death He had now fully purchased re mission of sins for the whole world and His. first words to them are " Peace be unto you. As my Father hath sent Me even so send I you. And when He had said this He breath ed on them and said. Receive ye the Holy Ghost : whosoever sins ye remit they are remitted unto them, and whosoever sins ye retain they are re tained." Such was His own solemn consecration of them to the great work to which He was about to send them forth of bearing His Gospel of reconciliation to all nations. And the authority thus committed to His first Apostles, as His messengers and ministers was committed to them, we should especially observe, not in their personal capacity merely, but as the first in the long line of His ministers even to the end of the world. In the very .nature of things it was impossi ble that the A postle themselves should personally discharge the duty laid on them of bearing the glad tidings of the Gospel to every nation and in every age even to the end. Distance of place and lapse of time alike im plied the ultimate necessity of their admitting others to share this author ity with them during their own life and providing for its due transmission in all future time. So only could the great work be completed after they themselves had departed, and Christ's promise of His presence with them " always even unto the end of the world " have any real meaning. It is clear that in leaving this charge with His first Apostles, with especial authority and power from Himself for its fulfilment, our Lord did in fact establish a regular ministry oi living men for His Chuich on earth ; which, beginning with them, should henceforth continue to be his own ap pointed instrumentality for the preach ing of His Gospel and the minister ing of His grace and blessing to all mankind. That such was the view taken by the Apostles themselves of their Divine Master's commission it would be easy to shew, did the time permit, from their after history and writings. That such is the view of our own Church is clear from the fact that the very words which our Lord used when setting them apart to their work are still used at the Ordination both of Priests and of Bishops to their re spective offices and work. It is well that we should all, Ministers and people alike, remember — what the continued use of such high and solemn words in fact teaches us — that the Ministry of the Christian Church is no merp human ordinance. It is de rived from Christ's own appointment ; beginning with His first Apostles and continuing from their time to the present day with the same authority from Him and the same promise of His own perpetual Presence with those who exercise it "always, even to the end of the world." But in what sense, it still remains to ask, is the ministry of the Christian Church termed " the Ministry of Reconciliation " ? In other words, what are we to understand by the words so solemnly spoken by our Lord to His apostles, and repeated still at every Ordination of a Priest in our own Church, " Whosoever sins ye remit they are remitted unto them, and whosoever sins ye retain they are retained." Without attempting to notice the various interpretations that have been put upon these words, it will be sufficient, I think, now to say that their general intention is suffic iently indicated in the charge that our Lord shortly afterwards gave to His Apostles, " Go ye into all the world and preach the Gospel to every crea ture," " Go ye and make disciples of all nations baptizing them in the name of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Ghost." Our own Ordinal too appears in like manner to qualify their meaning in the words immediately added at the Ordination of the Priests " Be thou a faithful dis penser of the word of God and of the Sacraments of Christ." We may therefore take our Lord's words to mean that His special authority is given to the duly appointed Ministers of His Church to declare in His name the remission of sins to all truly pen itent sinners : and that the means by which first and chiefly they are to do this are the Preaching of the Gospel and the administration of the Sacra ments. It is theirs in the first place faithfully to set forth the great message of God's forgiveness of sins ; tp point out the true teaching of Scripture on this all- important subject : to shew how the love of God and the sacrifice of the death of Christ are the ground on which it rests ; to dwell at the same time on the necessity of repent ance and faith as the conditions on which it is bestowed ; to assure all who truly repent and believe of their full participation in it. And it is theirs, yet further, faithfully to ad minister the Sacraments which Christ Himself ordained as the seals and in struments of forgiveness and renewal of life to all mankind. It is theirs alone to do these things with authori ty from Him. And in so doing they are carrying forward God's gracious design of reconciling all men to Him self. Our own Church, we know, pre scribes the regular use of certain forms of Absolution at Morning and Even ing Prayer, and in the service for the Holy Communion. In so doing she se cures the due and stated declaration by her Ministers of the great message of forgiveness which they are author ised to deliver, and guards against the abuse of their authority in the matter. £he makes the authorative delivery of this message a regular part of their public ministrations. It is in exceptional cases only that she sanctions private Confession and Ab solution. In the case e.g. of a person prevented by grievous sickness from attending the public Ordinances of the Church and earnestly desiring a special assurance of God's forgiveness, she sanctions the use by her ministers in private of a special Form of Abso lution. When any of her members are hindered by any special burden of sin or doubt lying on their consciences from coming to the Holy Communion, she encourages them to come and open their grief to their appointed pastor or to some other discreet and learned minister of God's Word. But habit ual confession and absolhtion in private she nowhere sanctions or recommends as a help to a religious life. It is in the worship of God's own House that she bids her members humble them- selvee day by day in earnest confes sion of sin. It is there that she di rects her Ministers, in the exercise of their ministry, to speak pardon and peace in Christ's Name to all who turn from their sins ; that, being as sured of God's love and favour, they may press on resolutely in the way that will bring them at length unto everlasting life. And now if what has been said should seem to any unduly to magnify the office of the ministers of, Christ, such certainly will not, I am sure, be its effect on you, my younger brethren, who are about this day to be admitted to the Order of tho Priesthood. Feel ings of pride and exaltation are the very last feelings that a due apprecia tion of his office will produce in a Christian minister. The cure of the souls of his fellowmen ! The Ministry of reconciliation ! Great in deed are the privileges implied in these brief expressions. But unspeakably great too is the responsibility. To think that so great a . reasure should be commited to earthen vessels : that tbey who are themselves frail and sin ful beings should be endowed with authority on God's behalf in matters so high and so inscrutable. To feel that the immortal souls entrusted to our keeping must either be trained under our ministry to eternal happi ness, or be cast out, it may be through some fault or negligence of ours, into the outer darkness I And then to remember that we shall each pne have to give our account hereafter to Christ not only of all the things of our own lives as men, but of the man ner in which we have performed our duties as His Ministers, Thoughts such as these cannot but serve to humble us continually before God in the sense of our own insufficiency, and continual need of His mercy and grace. Let them also stir you up, my brethren, who are to be this day called to the holy office of the Priesthood, to a diligent discharge of the duties hence forth laid upon you. " Take heed to the ministry which ye" now "receive," in fact, " from the Lord Jesus, that ye make full proof thereof ; giv ing no offence in any thing that the ministry be not blamed, but in all things approving yourself as the min isters of God" " Neglect not the gift now to be committed unto you by the laying on of hands"; but seek by earnest prayer and habitual com munion with Christ, by the diligent study of God's word, by faithful la bour, and constant self discipline, to kindle it day by day into fresh x9e and energy. " Meditate " frequently "on these things": determine by God's grace to " give yourselves wholly to them." " For in so doing you shall save both yourselves and them that hear you." And one and all, my brethren, let us ever bear in mind the great end to which the Christian ministry is or dained : that, namely, of winning souls- to God. Remember that God's loving purpose is indeed to reconcile all men unto Himself through Christ Jesus. It is " not ourselves we preach but Christ Jesus our Lord and ourselves- your servants for Jesus's sake " Let it be yours to draw near with true hearts to Him as the fountain of cleansing from sin and all impurity, the One Only Mediator between God and man. Ever seek nearer union with Him in the means of grace which He has appointed. So shall His mes sage of pardon and peace, spoken by his ministers, be made good more and more to your souls even now : and be ratified to you hereafter by His own mouth in that sentence of final bles- sing which shall admit you to the abodes of His Presence in Heaven, and the joys that are at His right for evermore. 