OUTRAGES BY BLACKS. The following telegram was received on Saturday zooming by Air E. L. Hamilton, protector of aborigines, Adelaide, from Fort j Augn3ta, Northern Australia, with regard to | an attack by the natives on a shepherd at Alice Springs i—"I find tHat the natives did not meddle with the sheep. The shep herd states that it was their intention to | murder him for the recovery of his labra, whom they had previously taken away. Police-constable Daer leaves in search to , day via Temple Bar, the natives having gone ■ that way.1' Inspector Besle3r telegraphed to the Commissioner of Police on Friday, from Port Augusta, that Mounted-constable , Daer wired from Alice Springs on Thursday night s—"About thirty natives came in from west of mission station this morning. They attacked a native shepherd boy a mile from the station. The boy having a revolver, defended himself, and shot one of the strangers." The Alice Springs tribe have nowgoneinpursuitof the invaders. Mounted- , constable Daer is instructed to obtain a war- j rant for the offenders, and to go in search. The police have received the following tele gram from Port Augusta with reference to t the search made for the natives who have been killing cattle in the far north — j ** Fliot, the station master at Alice Springe, writes that a private letter from BInsfcead < ! states that the police party, with six whites j and two trackers, followed the tracks of the perpetrators of the outrage for six days, i They were close up when water failed, and j the party returned to the station, where they | stayed a day getting fresh horses, and they are now again in search. The wounded Coombs is not so well, but Figgs is all right.' The South Australian Government j received the following telegram from the \ Government resident in the Northern Terri tory r—" Palmerston, Saturday—Dr. Wood reports bodies of the murdered miners to be in very advanced state of decomposition, and attributes mutilation to wild animals, i The remains have since been buried by the police. The natives consisted of Wool mongers, with a few Waggites, and their attack was premeditated and simqltaneons. They must have concealed their spears. There had been no row. No natives are now visible at the scene of the outrage. There is very slight chance of capturing "the murderers'or other natives without strong parties." Hang out yonr banners on the outer wall, The cry is still thty come. Fling to tbe breeze the diamond-shaped shield bearing the inscription W.A.S., for all through the markets of the world the horde of servile imitators are still essaying to eubsti tnte-their wretched concoctions of gin for that delicate, unadolterated, palatable cordial known as Wolfe's Schnapps. Be sure yon obtain Wolfe's ScJuiapps. Ghosts.—An attempt is bein made in the old country to revive the belief in visitants from another world, and many are the won derful stories that fill some of tbe journals. The sceptical inind is, however, inclined to adopt Scrooge's remark to Alarley's ghost: "How do I know that yon are not a bit of undigested bread T* for, of all the ghost, pro ducers, a • bit of *<heavy" bread is the most potent. It is a wonder, therefore, that people do not adopt the surest spell against ghosts by using Borwickfs Gold Medal Baking Powder in making bread; for, although it won't "raise ghosts," it trill raise bread in the most admirable fashion. Every wise store keeper has it by him, and every good house! wife buys It Don't Die in the House.—"Bough on Bats " dear out rats, mice, beetles, roadies, bedbugs, files, ants, insects, moles, jackrabbits, gophers. Felton, Grim wade and Co., agents, Melbourne- (1) Skinny Mek.—" "Wells' Health Benewer" restores health and vigor, cures Dyspepsia, Impotence, Debility. At druggists. Felton, Grlmwsde and Co, agents, Melbourne. (1) " Bough ox Corns." — Ask for' "Wells' " Bough on Corns." Q trick relief, complete, permanent cure. Corns, warts, bunions. Fel ton, Grim wade and Co, agents, Melbourne. (1) Qurxx's Celebrated Kcg Powder. Ac-. knowledged to be the only real substitute for eggs yet discovered. Its action on cakes and puddings, etc,, resembles that of the egg in every particular, enriching them in color and flavor, rendering them most wholesome and nutritious. One sixpenny tin will g j as far as twenty eight egg?. Be sure and for QuiXX S. Sold by all Grocer?. Dr. Scott's Aromatic Quinine Wine.— The purest stimulant in the world; infinitely superior to brand or whisky, and is now the most popular drink throughout the colony. Certified by the medical profession as the purest stimulant procurable as a tone and stimulant. Cannot be surpassed, giving tone and life to the symptom. All grocers and hotel keepers be sure and ask for—Dr, Scott's Quinine Wine. Sold by all Grocers, Important to COUNTRY BuTER.—Send your Drapery orders direct to GEOBGE and GEOKGE, the great Cash Drapers, Pat terns post free. Best "Value in the Colony Note difference in price. GEOBGE and GEOBGE, Federal Emporium, Melbourne. Bristol's Sabsararilla gives a smooth skin, cores rheumatiamand all iseases <4 the blood nmor Murray and l*akman* .'Florida Watt nosnrpaffiedforHandiercli Toilet,and Eat Highlvj fragrant Balmy sleep, good digestion, rich Ho** elastic step and cheerfulness In HopBitte: Bead ana behove. 