A PERUSAL of the report of the Chief Inspector of Mines for the year 1883 serveB to show that the number of accidents occurring in the mines of Victoria is not falling off. Indeed, if we look npon the terrible disaster at the New Australasian mine as something so abnormal as to justify its exclusion from any ordinary computation of the dangers attending our mining operations, then we are bound to say that, in proportion to the. number of minora employed oa onr goldfields, the number .of accidents occurring on them is increasing. This is a very unhappy admission to have to make; but the citation of a few figures from the Chief Inspector's report will show that in putting forward this conclusion we are not indulging in any exaggeration. Taking 1881 as a starting point, therebccurred 180 accidents in" that year, when' the number of miners was estimated at 38,436. In 1882, the number of miners was 37,446, and the number of accidents 201; while in 1883, the number of miners was 33,927, and the number ct accidents 187. . Thus the accidents were, ISO in 1881, 201 in 1882, and 187 in 1883; so that last year would appear to show an improvement on 1882, but an increase on 1881. Bat if we exclude the New Australasian disaster, which occurred in 1882, from the computation, and -on the ground we have described above we may do this, • so as to make the beat of the case that has to be dealt with, how' will the figures then stand? Thus:—1881, number of accidents, 180; 1882, number of accidents, 179 .(there were 25 deaths -at the Australasian catastrophe, which wededuet from this iottJ); and, 1883, cumber of accidents, 187\. Thus used, the figures show that while in 1881, there were but 180 accidents among 38,436 miners, there were 179 accidents among 37,446 miners in 18S2 (setting aside as quite abnormal the 22 deaths in that year in the New Australasian mine), and 187 accidents among 33,927 miners in 1883. Hence, taking the figures in this form, there was only one less accident in 1882, than in 1881, and seven more Occidents in 1883 than there were in 1S81,' although in the two years the miners working on the goldfields had decreased by as large a number as 4S09. Not .anything more is required, than a straight look at these figures, to see that, so far from tbo number x>f accidents falling off—-cither as regards the proportion of the mining population to the number of accidents, or setting aside even this formidable consideration in the case—the number of these occurrences is on the increase; and, of course, this statement would be made still more pregnant, if we included the twenty-two unfortunate miners killed in the New Australasian mine in osr diagnosis. Then, there would certainly be Bhown a falling-off in tbe number of accidents in 1S83 as compared with 1882. But even this can hardly be said—as regards the average—when the falling-off .In the number of miners between these two years is taken into account, because there was a decrease in the number of miners in 1S83 by 4519 from the number in 18S2; sothatif theproportion •between the number of miners at work, and the number of injured or killed, be considered for the whole three years which we are using for our purpose, it will be seen that the number of mining accidents, that is, we repeat, in proportion to the number of men employed in mining, was really larger in 1883 than it was in any part of the triennial period, even if the abnormal twenty-two deathB in the New Australasian mine be included in the computation. The rationale of all this is that with all our excellent legislation, with all our mining inspectors, with all our supervisions, and prosecutions, the miner's risk is increasing, instead of falling away; and anything mora unsatisfactory, or more discouraging, could hardly arise in this connection to be narrated. True, the carelessness, or scom of danger shown by the miners has a great deal to do with producing this very unpleasant result, as the Chief Inspector points out at some length. But whatever may be the cause, there is this very unhappy result. While in 1880 only 139 out of 38,076 miners were injured or killed, 187 out of 33,927 miners were injured or killed in 1883; and if this does not mean going backwards, in the way of keeping-the miners out of the hospital or the grave, then we would like to know what wonld snpport any deduction of this nature. Certain it is that the Chief Mining Inspector's report for 1883 discloses a bad state of things in connection with our mining affairs; and it would be intensely satisfactory if some really good scheme were proposed to remove, or at least modify, the mischief. At present, we have evidently not got this scheme; or such an increase in the number of mining accidents, relatively and actually, as the Chief Inspector's report showB, would not have arisen during the year 1883 to be noted. No person can visit the Fine Arts Exhibition now open at the City Hall, without cordially endorsing Mayor HICKMAN'S hope, that most of the pictures there on view may be retained, by purchase, in the district. But the hope is intensely vivified by. one of those decided manifestations of generosity for which, whenever a good end is to be attained, ' that veteran pioneer, Mr JAMES ODDIE, is proverbial. The cost of the pictures which are open for sale is estimated at £2000; and Mr ODDIE, and two other gentlemen, unnamed, are prepared to give £1000 towards that amount, provided the balance, or the other £1000, is raised from other sources. We do not see how the two councils can provide this sum, as Mr ODDIE suggests, as we den't think the Local Government Act would allow municipal funds to be devoted to This purpose. Evidently, the £1000 will have to be raised in some other form, if it is to be got together; and the- question is, how can this end be effected— how can as pretty and instructive a collection of paintings, &c.;, as was ever brought in contiguity to each other in any hall in this colony, outside of Melbourne, be secured, and made' to form the nucleus of a grand Art Gallery in Baliarat, for the entertainment of the generation of the present, and for the edification of the generations of the future 1 To our way of thinking the reply to this question is, firstly, by collections being made among the better-off residents of the district, and secondly, by a series of amateur entertainments, in the Academy of Music, given frequently during the winter months, and when no professional company happens to be in possession of that building. The residents of the town and district would heartily flock to these entertainments, not alone for the amusement which they would supply, but also for'the end which they were given to subserve; and we venture to say that the cost wonld be infiaitesi-_ mal, as newspapers and printers would be liberal in such a cause, and the owner of the building would be quite as considerate, for Sir W. J. CLARKE is utterly reckless of'his pocket whenever called upon to aid a good project. And a good project the establishment of a Fine Art Gallery in Baliarat wonld be, Bince it wonld ' not alone edify and attract, but it would also supply just such on agreeable lounge as this town needs, and such a lounge as the picture and statuary rooms of the Melbourne Public Library furnish, those, rooms being thronged daily by visitors, who find a short time spent there in the afternoon, a most agreeable relaxation from their businesses and other ventures.. Appealed to .while the' iron iBbot, the well-to-do would gladly subscribe, and the series of entertainments we suggest wonld besnreto yield a large sum ofmoney; so that by combining the two efforts,, the noble offer of Mr ODDIE and his two friends could be secured, and a splendid meanB of relaxation and instruction provided for all classes of tbe people. Of the readiness . of our. army of amateurs to assist in such an excellent cause there' ean bis no doubt. for they are always willing to give their Kindly, services whenever solicited -for a-good object.. It seems to therefore, (bat if gone about with Ballarafs cuBtomary energy, Mayo? HICKMAN'S hope, and d t Mayor FERGUSON'S endoreation, can be p realised to the fullest possible extent, since everybody must be in nl accord with what they had to say a on Saturday last, and be anxious to see Mr ODDIE'S generous announcement fulfilled to the last figure:. In short, an Art Galley here would be a great boon; and it is within easy reach,- if the necessary amount of push is but shown, or proper energy be only employed for the purpose. IF there is such an entity in this colony as a Central Football Association, its leaders ought to do something very promptly to "put the playing of the game of football upon something like a safe and tolerable basis. Or, if there be no such organisation as a Central Football Association in Melbourne, then there ought to be one formed there at once, and all players bound down to its regulations, which should be based npon grounds of the most rational and humane nature. All this is absolutely necessary; for the game of football has become now a dangerous pastime to life and limb, and almost as bad as weekly battles on a small scale, or as engagements with the Arabs, who are making the "running so hot" for the Egyptians, Saturday is the great day of the week for football matches; and it is always characterised by one or more disasters. Sometimes a player is killed, at other times several players are wounded, limbs fractured, heads broken, chests weakened, -or some other ill consequences flow from one or more of the contests. All this goes to make the game of football a really dangerous amusement, and to cause an amount of anxiety to parents, whose sons have grown a little too old to be kept in leading-strings, the reverse of what is encouraging or pleasing. Last Saturday a notable instance-of the sort occurred in the match between Essendon and Geelong, in which aplayej had one of hiB legs broken, and another player is believed to have sustained internal injuries, as well as suffered seriously in his limbs; both players thus being incapacitated, if nothing worBe should befall either of them, from attending for some time to their ordinary avocations. We submit, in the interest of parents, as well as in the interest of the young, that something ought to be done to modify this state of things, for it is evidently of no use to appeal to the players themselves to do the needful in this matter. In its exuberance of spirits, youth sees no danger, or, if it sees danger, scorns it; so that to ask football players to be more temperate in their play, while the rules remain as they are, would be as useless an appeal as anybody could put forward. What is wanted is a wholesome change in the rules, so as to bring the game within the bounds of reason, instead of keeping it a pastime attended with considerable risk; and this change cannot be made by any particular club, without being subjected to a disadvantage in the field, but must be done, to do any good, by Borne organisation representing the -whole aggregated body of players. If there be such an organisation in Melbourne, we submit that it ought to do what is "wanted without delay. Or if there be no such organisation- in Melboarne, then there ought to be one formed there at once to do what all the circumstances of the game as now played go to show is very mnch needed. For the necessity of the gaime of football being shorn of the dangers it now presentB is of the clearest sort; and no matured person can see a match being played on any of the leading grounds without inBtantly acknowledging the justice of this contention. There have been injuries more than enough caused by this game; and it is high time that all this " horse play " ceased, and its consequent damage to life and limb came to a summary conclusion. Councillor Little stated at thg City Council table yesterday that there is an impression in the minds of many ratepayers that owing to the redaction of next year's rates, there will be a corresponding redaction in the maintenance and efficiency of the public works of the city. On the contrary, he said, more money will be expended on the streets and footpaths next year than has ever been placed .on the city's estimates since Baliarat became a city. Last year's estimate for such work was £6SOO, whereas next year the estimated expenditure will be £8000, excluof £1000 for the construction of Sanny corner and Nolan street bridges, or in all £9000. This was das to the application of £3000 of the new loan. In other words notwithstanding tho redaction of the rate to la 9a, the following additional works will be undertaken—viz.:—Four and a half miles of pitch channelling in streets, besides spending £1000 in pitch channelling the west end of Start street, and making the two bridges in question. Councillor Salter could not see the matter in the same Jight, and was of opinion that in reality £800 less would be spent on the streets. Councillor Smith agreed with Councillor Little that .more money would be Bpent next year in tbe streets than ever had been before. Councillor Claxton said Councillor Little was taking great credit to himself for reducing the rate, but he could not see that taking Is 3d from each working man in the city, and having £1200 less to spend, was a benefit. The council, he remarked, had first reduccd the rate, and then had made a calculation accordingly, Instead of the wants of the city being enquired into, and then a rate made to suit the city requirements. He could not see that a great thing had been done. The discussion then dropped. The civic authorities in the town are busily engaged in making preparations for next Friday's ceremony at the laying of the foundation stone of the Baliarat East Post Office.- - Ht Rameay, - of Bridge street, has supplied to the order of the council a handsome silver-trowel, with ivory handle,, which will be used on tho occasion. A large deputation from the committee of the late Baliarat Javooile Industrial Exhibition waited upon the City Council yesterday to ask for the use of the Alfred Hall, rent free, for the holding of another similar exhibition in November, IS85. Messrs Caselli, Bradbury, and other members of the deputation pointed oat the great advantages that accrue to Baliarat". from such exhibitions, and drew the council's attention to tfie liberality of councils in other parts of the colony where exhibitions have been held. It < was further stated that the oommittee wished to hold exhibitions in Baliarat every seven yean. The next one, in .1885, is intended to be an international exhibition, and any good foreign exhibits will be retained in Baliarat, and. form the nucleus of a museum. Councillors Smith, Lewis, and others were strongly iq favor of the project. Councillor Claxton, who is one of the committee of the. Alfred Hall, said it was proposed to charge about £1 anight to the exhibition committee,-- and surely,.that, was not excessive for the' wear and tear, especially as it was desirfed' to make the Alfred Hall pay its way. While the exhibition was u being held of coarse there would be no revenue from the usual sources. It was far from his wish to throw: any obstade in the wayof an exhibition, and he would not . even object to half of the rent being fiaid by4he' council. / The councillors 1 resolved that the project had their heartiest sympathy, .but the request of the deputation was referred to the finanoa oommittee. Councillor Morrison yesterday stated at the CSty Council meeting that he was not present when - the resolution empowering persons to 'charge for admission to the Gar- ens, on tho occasion of the Hanlan e^nibl ion, was carried. He wished this to l\a made ublic,, because, ho said, he was goin ^ to gi ve otice of a motion relative to th^j same. A etter, received by the connrjj from the Master Tradesmen's Association, protesting gainst giving the control the Gardens to private individuals, was Merely received. The funeral of the_lp, ce Mr W. D. Pomroy will take place to-'jay, moving from "his residence at half .past two o'clock. The members ol 1\JO Loyal Bailarat Lodge, M.U.O.O.F., will follow the remains of deceased as 'a mark of rcspect, and the body will be conveyed to the Christ Church pro- Cathedral, where a funeral service will be held Vjy-the Rev. H. Finter. Major Snee. arrived from Queenseliff yesterday morning, to superintend the disembarkation, to-day, of the guns at the Eastern railway station. At the Town Police Conrt, yesterday, Michael O'Grady was sent to gaol for fourteen days as a habitual drunkard. Elizabeth Lamb, another old offender, was sent to gaol for a month. Samuel Perlstein, who was also charged with drunkenness, waB stated by Senior-constable Johnston to be one of a gang of " spielers " who Were at present infesting Baliarat, practising the three- oaid trick and otherwise victimising "greenhorns." When arrested he was Imocking at the door of a Bridge street hotel, using bad language. Perlstein said he would clear out of Bailarat if discharged. The bench fined him 5s, and dealt with two other drunkards in a similar manner. MesBrs Ham and Anderson, J.P., occupied the benoh. The following petition to both Houses of Parliament is now being signed in Baliarat:— "The humble petition of tbe undersigned residents of Bailarat, in the colony of Victoria, sheweth—That in the opinion of your petitioners the sale of single bottles of wines and spirits and other intoxicants by grocers has been, and is, most injurious to family comfort, social t rift, and national prosperity. Not only is this opinion endorsed by the press of the colony, but many of the grocers are anxious that this license should be abolished. Your petitioners, therefore, humbly pray your honorable House to amend the present Licensing Act by striking out the the portions of the Act empowering the iBsue of grocers' licenses. And your petitioners will evor pray." Here follow the signatures, Mr Norman Wilson, of Trawalla, has generously promised the Baliarat Coursing Club a piece of plate value £25, to be presented to the winner of the Champion meet ing to be run in Augnst next. T£ie proprietors of cthe Last Chance ground and ^>lant, Bailarat East, yesterday disposed of the property to the Last Chance Tribate Company for the sum of £1750. . It will doubtless interest the public of this district to learn that in a highly .complimentary and well-written notice of the Bailarat Fine Arts Exhibition now open at the City Hall, Baliarat, the Argus of yesterday predicts that in the year 2100, Baliarat will contain a population numbering a million. Some of the city councillors think £1900 for lighting the city is excessive, and yesterday, on the motion of Councillor Salter, a sub- committee waB appointed to confer with the Gsa Company with the view of getting a reduction. The following telegram was received yesterday by Captain Reynolds, who is temporarily in charge of the local contingent of the Salvation Army :—" This morning Captain PhiilipB waB arrested for leading procession through St. Rilda. He is now in Melbourne gaol." The telegram does not state if this be a new offence, or if the arrest ig in satisfaction of a finepreviously impoBed. Captain Phillips' advent to Bailarat may be delayed a little owing to tbe arrest. Two very excellent oil-paintings, repre senting views on the shores of the Frith of Clyde, are now to be seen in the window of Mr Steele, Commercial Club buildings, Lydiard street. The pictures are the work of Mr W. Muir, Scotland, from whom they were procured by Mr J. M. Mackay on his recent tour through Great Britain, and each sketch iB a good Btcdy. One represents three boys fishing from a rock, and the artist has been very happy in depicting tbe earnest expression of the youngsters looking at the bobbing float, while the bits of sea and rock are very natural. The other painting shows a long stretch of stony beach, with poolB left by the receding sea; tbe foreground being filled in with three figures, and a most vivid piece of water and weedy rocks. They are well worth inspection. The members of the Wendouree Rowing Club intend giving a concert in the Academy of Music on Friday, 4th July. They have secured the services of that eminent flautist, Mr John Radclifl, whose name alone should be sufficient to draw'a crowded house. The talent engaged to support him is of the very highest order, so that a great musical treat is in store for the patrons of tho club's venture. An application for tbe transfer of tho license' of the John o' Groat hotel, Main street, was called on at the Baliarat East licensing coart yesterday, but was postponed until Monday next for the attendance of Mr Carr, P.M. Mr Carr, P.M., will preside at the Baliarat courts daring tbe illness of Mr Thomson, the district police magistrate. Edward Gilllgan, the young man whom Constable Nicholson arrested on Saturday night, appeared before the Town Police Court yesterday, charged with being found drunk in the street, and resisting the police. Sergeant Woods gave Gilligan a good character, and the bench discharged him with a caution. The past master's jewel, presented to Mr J. F. Spillman, the retiring W.M., at the installation in connection with St. John's Lodge, 427, I.C., last Thursday night, was supplied by Mr Thompson, jeweller, of Main street, and iB one of the handsomest that we have seen. Attached to the ribbon are three massive golden clasps, and the golden square and compass aro set with six diamonds. The workmanship iB such as to reflect great credit on any jeweller. The cases against a number of Chinese, for keeping gambling- houses in Mailt street and the Chinese Camp, were called on at the Town Police Court yesterday, but were postponed until next Monday that the police magistrate and Mr Finlayson, counBel for the defence, might attend. Tho case of Mary Ah Chan against Sarah Donovan, ior abusive language, was also postponed. The following casualties were treated at the Baliarat Hospital yesterday. A little boy named Thomas Daly, suffering from a scalp wound: He waB playing with hia little brother, when the latter accidentally inflicted the wound with a pick he had in his hand. Patrick Dunne, of Leigh Road, was also attended for a slight scalp wound received; and Frederick Brown, of Soldiers' Hill, had a bad wound on hiB left hand attended to. A buggy, the property of Mr R. M. Serjeant, came to grief in Skipton street yesterday. Mr Serjeant's groom was driving along the street in the vehicle, when it collidc-d with a dray, the groom being thrown out on the road and the buggy much damaged. The driver of the buggy was taken to the HoBpital, though his. injuries were fortunately bat slight. . The fourth cannon given by the Government for the Eureka Stockade memorial,, was yesterday plateed on the trucks at Queenseliff, for transmission to this .centre. It will delivered at the ^Eastern station some time to-day. - • - Edward Roach-was charged -at the City Police Court yesterday with insulting behavior in a public place, with intent to provoke a breach of the peace. Prisoner, it appeared, had insulted several ladies in Start street. He was Bent to gaol for seven days, without the option of a fine. The young woman Jane Jones, arrested by Senior-constable Bruce, in Mair street, on Saturday afternoon, on a charge of using threatening words to a Mrs Allen, -was brought up at the City Police Court yesterday, and at the request of the police remanded till the 20 th instant. Mrs Allen said she waB afraid of prisoner effecting her stated purposes of either killing her or burning-the house. Messrs J. Permewan, R. M. Serjeant, and J. A. "Chalk,. . J.P.,. attended at the-City Police Court yesterday; Four drunkards were dealt with, «n8 mulcted in soma ranging from 5s to £1. We understand that Mr James Macaw, son of Mr D. B. Macaw, who for a considerable time past has been stationed at the General Post Office, Melbourne/ has been transferred !® the vacancy at the Bailarat We«t dflSce cau6ed hy the transfer of Mr J. Whitehead to Melbonine. All ansngements are. made for a large minting at the Alfred Hall to-night for Mr Glover's meeting. Fifty new seats have been added to the hall, and there are no w nearly enough to' seat the whole - body of the hall without having toborrow from other sources, 1 Svery attention Will be pud to the comfort of the audience aB before, and stewards will be placed in all parts of the hall by the committee of management. The R.M.S. Assam arrived at Albany yesterday afternoon. The manager olthe Panjaub railways ar rived in Baliarat yesterday, and was shown the principal objects of interest in the city andtown. An accident occurred to an engine yester day afternoon, which delayed somewhat tho arrival of the express train from the metropolis. Tbe engine which brought on the afternoon train, after depositing its passengers at the station, went over the points in shunting back, and ran into'some carriages on the line, injuring one of them. The engine was thrown off the line, and it was some hours before matters were righted. Tho first annual meeting of the Phanix Foundry brass band was held at the bandroom, Chancery lane, on Saturday night last. The election of office- bearers for the ensuing year resulted as follows:—President, Mr W. H. Shaw; bandmaster, Mr J. B. Gray; sergeant, Mr Davis; drum-major, Mr W. Davis; secretary and treasurer, Mr J. C. Fraser; committee—Messrs 'Wells, Shaw, Worrall, Treed, and Davey. A grand concert will take place this evening- at St. Paul's schoolroom, in aid of the funds of the M.I.A. Union. The conoert is given under the joint auspices of St. Paul's M.I.A. and the South Street association. Choice selections of vocal and instrumental music will be rendered, also recitations by talented elocutionists. The president of the union will preside, and the concert will commence at eight p.m. Ticketholders are requested to attend early, in order to seoure their seats, as a large attendance of the public is anticipated. In the event of a snowstorm this winter, Superintendent Ryall has informed the City Council that the police will do all they can to prevent snowballing in the street. We had the pleasure of listening to tbe rehearsal of " The Wandering Gipsies," and "The Picnic," on Saturday afternoon last, and were highly pleased with the accuracy with which the performers went through with the various parts allotted to them. The above cantatas are being prepared by Mr T. J. Lamble, the Government singing master, with tho .aid of a large number of State school pupils, for performance on Friday and Saturday evenings, the 27th and 28th instant, in aid of the City of Bailarat State school prize fund. The music is bright and sparkling, and the accompaniments are very full and free. Great pains have, we understand, been given to the proper dressing of the parts in " The Gipsies," and for " The-Picnic." An entirely new scene has been painted by Mr D. Davis. Mr Lamble seems to have spared neither time, pains, or expense, to make these spectacular cantatas an unqualified success,, and we prediot a crowded house to crown his efforts. The half-yearly meeting of the subscribers to the Newtown Public Library was held on Saturday evening last; the vice-president (Mr Le Franchi) in the chair. The secretary reported that he had received a book grant of £6 5s from the Government, and the net proceeds of the recent concert and artunion would amount to about £35. It was decided to purchase a number of books, and the officers for the ensuing term were elected as follows:—President, Mr G. R. Stoker; vice-president, MrLe Franohi; secretary, Mr G. Peart; treasurer, Mr M. Maher; committee, Messrs J. PattinsoD, J. Cox, C. James, D, Griffin, and F, Youtier. A hearty vote of thanks was passed to the proprietors of The Courier in recognition of their kindness in supplying the library with a copy of that journal. A similar compliment was passed to Mr G. J. Jones for his services, and all who had assisted in connection with the art-union and concert were thanked, after which the meeting closed. The bank clerk, John Carter, is still living (says the Herald), and this intimation is the only favorable circumstance Dr Backhouse could report with regard to his patient on Monday. It is not often a bank IB caught this way. The Herald says:—"Business people should be on their guard against Oriental Bank notes. Within the last few days one of our leading banks sent a memo to a customer to retire an Oriental Bank £5-note, paid into his account, bat not noticed by the bank at the time. The customer denies that the note was paid in on his behalf. So the matter stands; but it shows that Oriental Bank notes are still in circulation." The examination (says the Telegraph) of candidates for employment in the Railway Department was commenced on Saturday morning in a room at the Model Schools. The total number of applications received waa 2074, and this was daring the week reduced by ballot to 417. These will all be examined as to their qualifications for tbe positions sought, and tbe examinations will occupy some days. The Herald gives a somewhat different account to the above, Oar contemporary says-.—"Tho examiners under the Railway Commissioners Act concluded their examination of Melbourne can' didates for employment in tbe department on Saturday. The results, however, will not be known for some days. Sale will be the firat 'country town visited by the ex' amitiers, and the country examinations will not be concluded for about ten days." A fatal accident (sayB the Argus) occurred on Saturday evening at George's River, N.S.W., resulting in the death of two men, named Owen Jones and Stevens. It appears that Jones fell into the river while under the influence of drink, and Stevens jumped in to his rescue, but sank almost immediately. Jones was pulled out of the water by another man, and was left lying on the bank while a search was made for Stevens' body. While this was being done, Jones rolled into the river again, and was drowned. A short time back (says the Age) the temperance bodies offered three prizes for the best essay on local option. There were a large number of competitors, fifty in all, and the essays are now being examined by Professors Pearson and Irving, with a view of selecting the prize-takers. It is expected that the resnlt of the competition will ^ be made known in the course of a few days. The Maryborough people appear to be troubled by a spiritualistic visitation. . The Advertiser says:—"Constable Coffey has arrived here from Echaca. He is stated to be a very smart runner, and is intended specially for hunting the "ghost." This is the first time a constable was sent about 100 miles to perform such a duty. 'We have received the scnedule of prizes of the Victorian Poultry and Dog Society's Show to be held in Melbourne on the 20bb, 21st, 22nd, and 23rd of next August. We have also received the report of the.Mining Department of New South Wales for 1SS3. V.P.V' letter is declined. Once more we inform this correspondent that we admit no letters containing atheistic references into onr columns; so that, as far asjthis journal is concerned, our correspondent's time, ink, and paper go in sheer waste. The quarterly meeting of Wendouree Lodge, G.U.O.O.F., will be held this evening, at eight o'clock. Tbe .match meeting under the auspices of the Baliarat Gun Club, which was advertised for the 20th instant, is postponed to the 27th. " ' An examination of candidates; desirous of obtaining "certificates oz teirig sufficiently educated will be held at "Bailarat Cpntral School, No. 33, on Thursday next, at ten a. m. A meeting of ratepayers in Baninyongshire will be held at James' hotel, Lai Lai, on the evening of the 25th instant, to. which the attendance of shire councillors is invited. L.O.L,, Roden, No. 65, will meet in tbe Sooieties' Hall, Macarthur street, this evening. The members of the variouB lodges are invited to'attend, to hear the continuation of the Orange lecture. A degree meeting of the I.O.O.F. will be held in the Societies' "Hall, Grenville street, on Wednesday evening. A meeting, of members onljr,<of tbe Victorian Women's Suffrage Association will foe held at .the Coffee Palace, Bourke street east, Melbourne, oh Monday, 23rd instant, at eight p.m. The Rev. Dr 'Bromby in the chair. Business—To appoint officers, adopt rules and platform. Only members who have paid subscriptions will be admitted. The half-yearly meeting of the Mount Pleasant Juvenile Tent, I.O.K., will be held this evening in the tent-room, at half-past seven sharp. .Signor Pietro Canna, the champion drummer of the world, will give an entertainment in the Academy of Music on Tuesday evening, the 24th Instant. One of the features of the evening will be a performance by the signor on twenty-five drums, illustrative of the Battle pf Tel-el-Kebir. The -signor will be acoompanied by a number of vocalists and other performers. 