AN OCEAN. WAIF. ussnsrouanas~ - BT A SBER??,: "I WAS second mate at the time," began Mr. Humphrey itoband, who related to ns the fol: lowing- story, "n and our ?ehiels was lB; .ar, named the Eagle. Wewe-reboairm ' port, in Monmouthshire, to Onis To.w?wllio a cargo of iron, and then wi were to'go on ?o Mlelbourne,and thence to Oallaq. e?esidema, there were Captain Blaekett;theY saeter, id Josiah Bitting, the chief mittas log'tlt fifteen or sixteen hands forward, ninalingthe idlers; and, taking us all round, Idop'tthink that ever a better ship's ecommnyly-sled ont of an Englishport. There wan' at regn' among us; there was no growling,noloag; everything was done quickly and with a will, and it was not only a .plesure to give an order, but a happioess to watch the eesoution of it. Woll, we left Nenipbibon coa onlay afternoon, and went away down the DBristol Channel into the Atlantis ,Oean, ndeer.all plain sail, in the finset oweathers T6f sers upon a fortnight there was nothingbulbright ness overhead and blue water?hnde~fir, made feathery by the whippingof thebreezeswhioh. blew, sometimes nor' east andsometime ssnor.' west, coming now ahd againi trilefreiih,luit never so strong as to sause us onceto forlthe mainroyal day or night- We-sawsdthftgof. the trade wind till we were in about. latitude 20 degrees north, and then, itir blowing as along for a spell, it failed Us one morning-with slowly lofalling glass and a-long,-.ugly grey swell coming out of the son' west,.add asort of dirty blue sky filmed o'er -with hase that might have passed. for the doininge from smelters'chimneys. Amidthiathesaon hung; like a huge jelly-fish, a h.apel__ess oboing,of brightness, with snarce enbuglsh of p·ower a? him to put a streak of light 'into the rlioi of the swell that aswubg heaving hsittalloit bof the near horizon, with summits that.seemed. to be trying to wash the yllowwstaiL hle mate out of the vault of the sky.. There was a queer smell of decasyed marine vegetable mat ter about, which came up in whiffe-when the rolling of the bark made white water along- 1 side, and, spite of the sky being thin enough to let the ghost of the sun show through; there was a look overhead that made you think that, if it was night, you'd see green lightning playing about over the maitheads, like the dartings of the phosphorus from the ship's side in black water when you're in the i tropios and the night lies dead upon the breathless bosom of the ocean. "Well, what these plain signs betokened came to pass right enough. The glassewent on dropping, and the swell came alonig in a' wilder and angrier roll, until at three o'clock that afternoon there was scarce more daylight visible than you'll find in the last lingerings of twilight ashore. We were snugges down to lower top-sails, the yards square, for there was no call to brace them one way or another when for hours there hadn't been a breath of wind, no, sir, not so much as to give a flutter to the vane at the royal masthead, saving what the barque gave herself by the sweep of her epars. All hands were on dock, standing by, knowing that something was bound to happen, but incapable of guessing from what quarter it meant to come. It was as much as we could do to seu one another's faces. The strain on the spare and rigging was something fearfdul with the rolliqg, and in the gloom oveshead you could hear the ereaeking and complaining, tihe squealing of sheaves, the groaning of parrals and trusses. At four o'clock, or thereabouts, the wind swept down upon us in .a body, right in the wake of the swell. It was wind at first, but it became a moving wall in a short time, and before the clewlines could be manned the foretopsail blew up end buret into smithereens, just like one of those eolastio air-balls when filled.too full. It was a terrible tempest. I, who-have seen some feario l weather in my time, will take my affidavit that a worse storm of wind never raged tIhn that. It picked the sea up and made wheels of the.waves that looked-I don't say they were--but that looked to be forty or fifty frit high. Tise Eaglewas foll of iron, very deep, and labored heavily, taking in tons of water forward, so that te under deck forecastle was scarcelyto be some aty the men through the se?nttle. In aheoti ?s.,' during the weather rtlls. th?e icqs onlt lay so far -ovelk to-' ineward thatbe *. enough to make the ldaseama? ,h' l' b-_gret to Iosk. ethem? tan. ??. i-?.r -",55-,e , that she could hoist herself out clear of that terrific, white, roaring, flashing arch before it rolled its enormous volume clear over her. But the Eagle was a good seahboat, having a flaring bow that forced tile head surges to throw her up, and a swell of the sides that made her cork-like on the lean of a twenty foot hill of water. Had she been of the ordinary tanke-slhpe it must have been all froth to ten feet above the mast-coats, with the watch on deck in the weather.rigging, and tile master and mates keelping a look out in the cabin and conning her by the tell tale. "For three days we had terrible weather; then it broke, the wind veered to due cast, and after blowing a double-reefed topsail breeze for twenty-four hours settled away into the norah east and blew along steady and bright again into the trade eind. It wao a Wednesday, the morning watch and I had charge of the deck. Daybreak found us under a foretopmast stun' sail, the sky clear, and the east as green as moonlight with the dawn. Thesea was calm, the trade clouds rolling in pufls of vapor athwartthe stars overheadandin therwest, and the horizon a line as black as you could pro duce by the sweep af a pair iof compassen dipped in India ink. I stepped over to leeward to have a lookat the sea under the foot of the mainsail, and just then the arch oi the sun jutted up and sent a long beam of silver light flashing across the ocean, the extremity of which sparkled upon an object that appeared white and glistening in thle radiance. It bore about four points on the lee bow. I fetched the glass and took a look. She was a vessel, of what rig Icouldnolt d iotinguish, butapparently under small ail. I put down the glass and waited a bit and then had another look. I now fancied I could detect signs of confusion aloft, but of this I could not yet be sure, though the small canvas she showed made her appearance singular considering the fine weather. Just then Captain Blackett came on deck, and I re ported theb sail to him. He pointed the tele scope at her aud said: 'It seems a case ot distress. Your sighlt's better than mine; have you made out anything resembling a color? ' Nostir.' Well, we will bear down and see what's the matter. Keep her away,'he called out to the fellow at the wheel; and at the same time I sung out to thie watch to lay aft and brace the yards in a trifle. This wasdone, and the vessel brought about a point on our lee bow. It was not long before we were able to make her out very plainly with the glass. It was now seen that she was a small, full-rigged ship, of about eight hundred tons; her three lower top aails andtopmost stayoai had beenblown away, and her wheel and all boats were gone. She had black bulwarks, and lay very deep, as though full of water. In the lower mizzen rig ging the English ensign hlad been seized, union down, and there it blew, flickering like a flame, making as strong an appeal for assistance as ever a man could by waving his hands. Well, we shortened sail, and approached her,keeping a sharplookout for anything that should resem ble a human being; but there was nothing in that way to bacseen. There was a longish deck house aft, and the remains of another one for ward. There was not much swell on, and she lay pretty quiet, giving herself a slowslant now adagai that hove a space of her wet side into the sun and made her flash out like a beacon. 'She looks to be abandoned, sir,' says Il to the captain. ' Why, yes, that's her appearance, cer tainly,' says he. '.But it's afine morning; no harm can be done by your stepping aboard and giving her a brief overhaul.' So the bark's masintosail was laid to the mast, a boat low ered, and three hands pulled me aboard the wreck. Two men clambered over the rail aIfter?n eleaving one in charge of the boat. We stood a moment looking around. Her decks wore full of raffle, ropes, staves, and casks, and the like, the main hatchen were off, as iftho crew had beenjettisoning her cargo, her port bulwarks forward of the main rigging were smashed flusht with the deck; and altogether she had the most wrecked and strained appearance that amost ever I aw in a vessel afloat. I put my hand to my mouth and sang out ' Anybody aboard here ?' but the only answer thaL camne was the sound of the streaming of the wind through the rigging, and the bubbling and washing noise of the water over the side. 'No fear as to her not being abandoned, sir,' said one of the 'en. 'An empty coffllin could'nt be more destitute of life.' I stepped to the door of the dock house and looked in. There was no appearance of injury here. A table went downit, withleixed chairs on one side and a locker on the ether, and on the port side was Srow of cabins, five or six, I think. The door of this deck-house swung open, and I and the two men peered in, and then says I, 'I'll jlust step in and see if I can come across any papers belonging to her,' for I must tell you there was eho name on her bows, and whatever might have been written on her stern was under water; but searce had I uttered the above observation whenu a sort of thin, wailing cry came from one of the cabins. -'Hello I says one of the men, ' the crew has geone and ellt poor pussy bohind. ' l'usy I ' says I, who had caught the cry very clearly, and heard a note in it there was no mistak ing; '.that's no eat, lade. Follow me.' And I walked straight to the cabin, from which the sonnd appeared to come, and opening the door, saw just the kind of sight my mind seomed to have been prepared, by the cry we had heard, to witness. The cabin was a bit of box with a scuttle oder the topmost of a couple of bunks. There were some female garments on thIe deck, along with au ilnfant's feeding.bottlo,lbroken,and a fewotherdomestic odds and ends only met with at sea when there are women aboard. As we' entered a iec?aondemall, wailing cry came from the upper bunk, and, lootking, we spied a dead woman in it, with her right arm cast round a baby nine or ten months old. It was impoossible to tell that she was dead till we droe close and saw the signs plain. She was a young woman, notjnore chan twenety-six or twenty seven, the hair yellow, and in life I don't doubt she had been pretty enoughl, but now her face was so stran?ely white that she might have passed for a figure worked in plaster of Paris. The baby was too yuung to sit up; he lay-it was a boy, sir--he lay in his dead mothera' arm, giving now and again the queer cry we had heard, the wail an infant utters after it has exhausted itself in crying forhours. I pickted him up out of the bunk, and found him wet through, and his besh likestone for thIe cold. lin mother's clothes-if the woman were his ,nother, which I don't doubt-were streaming wet, too,and this made us suppose that she had been driven from the deck by the washing water, and had entered her cabin cnd lain down to die there. "The me~lfglokle hurriedly about ihowit came to pase U'st these two should have been left alone in the vrcck. Who was ile? 1 said there waes no nccoutting for what hap pened at sea. She might have been the wife of the master, who was drownedia the storm, and left.no one to lookafter her; or all hands might have perished in Getting the boats ovehr, or the crew might have forgetten her when they put off; thero wasno telling. Therelay the woman dead, I said; and I gave the baby to one of the men named Nipper to hold whilst I poulled off my.coat to wrap the little chlap up in, for he trembled like a shivering bird with the cold, and kept on wailing, as if our handl inghim and the sound of our voices had put a bit of lifo into him. We lokoad hurriedly into'the other cabins, but they were empty, andrwe.eoul4 fin no papers. There vas no gk-a briaging the deadmother along writh es 6buri; the ship he was in wasn her rightful coffin, p~anti, being viery deaep, it hel r o noat $njAp ~iglntly reioa l that Sh~enee '1* s4Stneweefa enough. I don't say as I didn't mumble a prayer as I came away holding the little chap. It was an affecting sight to see that young woman lying there so lonely-quite recently dead, as we might suppose by her little one being alive; and when I took a last peep at her 1 almost felt as if she knewo that I was taking her baby away from her. We handed the infant into the boat, and shoved off for the barque that lay hove to waiting for us about half a mile to leeward. ' What have you there, Mr. ioband?' sings out Capt. Blackett, lean ing over the rail. 'A baby, sir,' I answers, and I pulled my coat a bit open to let him see the little face inside. ' Well, well,' cries he, tossing his hands. 'Look siharp and get aboard." All hands were looking over the side when I handed the baby up, and'there wenlt a deal of hIoarse whispering among the man as they pressed forward to see the waif. I carried hlin to the captain-the worthiest man, sir, with the tenderest heart that ever siled a ship; he pulled off his cap as if awsed by the misery and suffering that was typified by the bairn, and his eyes filled with tears as he gazed down upon it. 'And the mother lies dead yon der, Mr. Roband ?' says he pointing to the wreck. ' Ay, sir,' says I. 'tGodreceiveher I' says he. ' D'ye understand the management of babies, Mr. noband?' ' Why, I have two of my own,' I answered; 'but I was so inuch away at sea when they were little ones that I can't say I ever had a chance of watching what my wite did to 'em to keep 'em healthy. But what we have to do with the baby," says I, 'is to feed hIim and get him warm at once.' 'Then take him below-take him below, Mr. Iobaud,' cries the captain in a tremulous voice. ' Give him your attention, sir, and never mind about your duties until you've got this poor-little creature into shipshape condition.' Well, I carried him to my cabin, and sung out to the steoard to help me un dress him, for the thought of handling this frail and delicate object alone unnerved me. I'd any day rather have the job of taking in the masts of a two- thouiand-ton ship than the hIandling of a baby for ten minutes. Both the steward's and my fingers were equare edged, and we had to be very oareful in haul ing out the safety pins and clearing the little chap of the things he was dressed in. ne cried so that I was in agony, making sure we were hurting him; but the steward said: ' No, I know the nature of infants; it would be unnatural if they didn't cry; it's a fashion their lungs have of growing.' 'Are you sure ? ' says I. ' Cocksure,' says he; 'haven't I seven of my own, Mr. iRoband?' Then the baby was wrapped up in one of my Bflannel shirts, that being softer than any blanket we had aboard, the steward went anu warmed some Soiss milk at the galley fire; and while I was sitting waiting for thesteward, with the baby lying on my knees, the eaptain comes in. ' God help this poor little one I ' says he; ' what age would you take him to be, Mr. Inoband?' ' Not a year old,' says I. ' Not a year old I' he cried; 'how wonderful are the ways of Providence that a tiny bubble of humanity like this should be left unharmed by a storm that, maybe, has drowned all the rough and sturdy fellows who filled that vessel. It's like seeing an iron ship beaten to pienes by seas amid whose hollows you observe the little stormy petrel securely fly ing.' The steward arrived with the warm milk and a spoon, and we turned to feed the baby. I trial my hand, but it was no good; I couldn't get the milk down his throat; it capsizned down his neck, and his being ravenous and crying made the job more dificult. ' Here, give me hold, sir,' said the steward; so I put the baby on his knee. oWell, he knew more about it than I, and got a fair caulker of milk into the little 'un, and after a bit the little chap fell aniep, where upon he was laid down in my bunk, and there he was, quiet eno?ugh. 'Sir, we had some hopes of his thriving after this. HfO was a sort of a trial in his way, for he wanted washing and dressing and feeding and looking after, and it came hard upon us who hadn't the fingers nor the understanding for such work. He was a beautiful boy. I never saw finer eyes in an intefant; blue as the heavens under which we were sailing, and lovely a little figure, sir. Sometimes when it would come to my turn to undress him I'd let him lie naked.on a flannel shirt stretched across my knees, and tickle him and make him laugh, until the dropping of a tear, like a parched pea, down my cheek, would make me feel that I was acting the fool, and allowing thoughts of my home arid this barn's loneliness to trouble me too much. He bad but the clothes we found hiln ip; so the Captain and I gave each of us a soft calico shirt to one of the men forward, a neat hand with the needle, a chap named Claw, to mnake into a couple of suits of linen for the baby; and this and a knitted waist coat and a swathing of flannel round his little stern and legs kept him tidy and warm and comfortable. We all got mighty fond of him. We'd bring him on deck and lay him in the fold of a sail or on the ensign when the weather was line and warm, and then you'd see him kicking up his legs in the sunshine, toasting his tiny toes in it, and looking at hisi fingers and talking to himself. He made the bark more human than ever I thought a vessel could be rendered. He begot a strong home feeling in us all, and you'd see the sqoving fancies h'e'd put into the men as they'd creep aft-and I never pretended to notice them to have a look at the little 'un. Miany a stream ol tobacco juice I've seen them Esquirt overboard from the quarterdeck after watch ing the baby, as if their hearts were too full to suffer 'em to wait until they got forward to expectorate. But one day, sir, there came an end to this. It must have been the cut ting of a tooth, I think. He had a fit, but pulled through it, and we thought him all right, and I left him sleeping and lookinig comfortable enough U1 lty bunt while 1 went on deck. We were on a latitude 28 degrees eouth, in the taif lthe trade wind. I had been on deck thosrs, when the steward came up through the companion, and, ap proanching me slowly and speaking very solemnly, he says: ' Air. ioband,' he says, Slittle Jimmy,' that was the name he went by. ' Little Jimumy,' he says,' has gone to jine his mother' I started and said: 'What's thlat you say ?.' He answered: 'Our little un's dead, sir.' -t-ran below and found the captain in my cabin looling at the baby that lay a corpse in my bunk. I had grown wonderfully fond of the bairn, sirand the sight brolke me down, and one or two heaving sobs came from me, no more to be helped by me than the tightness in my throat. ' Oh, sir, it was aus itf a beautiful little Indian bird that you had cherished and looked after had died of the Cape cold in spite of your love. tnly this woas an immortal being, a fellow creature, a little baby that we hlad plucked from the very brinkofanocean graveinto whichhismother's dead embrace was dragging him ; and we had learned to love him.' 'Ho is gonel' said Captain Blackett; ' 'tis God's will, ihfr. Ito band. We did our duty by him-we could not have done more.' ' We may take is, sir, that his mother wanted him,' says the slteward. ' Ay, steward, and her entreaty has beenanswered,' says thocaptain, with aglance aloft. "I could not take aiy hand in equipping the little mite for his fuaeral. I was too much upset, pir. The sainlakcr made a tiny hammnook for him, and they put his hands together, and asmsnoothed the little wreaths of 1ellow hair upon his head, anddressed him meolsan ikns, and/bfo? ha was stitched U, all bhnds la aft tii eay good-bye, and ?e'rat?ms asmong lheom.that entered the bbiiestsiSteped to gile te little cold face *;isa lisres leag. Wekerpi bimn till noee day, and buries himaftereightbells~~adbi , made. It was a green, windy, glltening-' morning; the emerald seasaam atij ii f *'* in froth as they came, and the BliahlaoHB&w;' men gathered around the gangway swayedat - our feet as the bark rolled over the eages and the dancing sun darted like sper's. of light from the clouds thirugl?' ohhS: swung. Oh, sir the contrast:of tt ]w y le : ."; - hammock upon the grating iWite Miga? grave that was to receive it 1 The sarvi~.iee.wa. almost more than some of us conld bea;& '& see the men turn their heads ali' "I,-! down, and when at last it cameto the pasage that's a signal at sea for the tilting-ofthe'? : body into the water, we all let our breath op' in a sob as the tiny hammook sped ,like ; snowltake over the side and vanished lithedh . slant of a sea whose breaking satemnlt'a a rainbowover the spot."'-Londai g; . ........ -, ? ? . 