MISCELLANEOUS ————♦———— It cost £128 to catch one rabbit at Wilcannia. It took ten men six months to do the deed. R.M.S. Australia arrived at 'Frisco on May 18, three days in advance of contract date. Lord Harris, the cricketer, was one of the pall- bearers at the Duke of Al- bany's funeral. On the 4th of July, the American citizens in Sydney will hold a garden party, which will be followed by a ball. Pleura-pneumonia is reported as prevalent in the Durham Ox district, and the affected cattle are finding their way into the Sandhurst market. Some cattle while travelling fell down on the wayside from the disease. " Gentlemen," wrote a selector to an agricultural society, "put me down for a calf," and at the next show he got a prize. Another army to be started—that of the Violet Ribbon. The soldiers who enlist under its banner only drink in moderation—a toothful now and again, as it were. A mountain of sulphur has been discovered, with large veins of alum running through it. The find is in Lower California, and about 50 miles from the Colorado river and near the state line. The German Government has lately instituted some experiments in the direction of substituting a dynamo electric machine for the voltaic bat- teries commonly used in telegraph work. Binns, the English public execu- tioner, and his assistant, Archer, have been summoned for travelling from Huddersfteld to Dewsbury without tickets on the London and North- Western Railway Company's line. Two of the porters at Dewsbury allege that they saw Binns and Archer alight from the train due at Dewsbury at thirteen minutes to 10 pm, and go into the refreshment room. When asked for their tickets they failed to produce them. During the present month oysters have been very scarce in Melbourne ; aud in consequence prices have been very high. The general price for a bag of oysters is 30s ; but during May, £3 have often been paid. The only reason for the scarcity of the bivalves is that the New South Wales Govern- ment has closed a number of beds in the colony, and thus the supply has been materially decreased. An alarming accident occurred in connection with the Watch Night ser- vice at Bramborough Church, Ches- hire. The ringers had been engaged a few minutes when the tenor bell, weighing 24 cwt, broke its bearings, and fell. Fortunately the first floor had been substantially constructed, and the bell did not break through, but it cut six inches into the wood- work. When the congregation as- sembled a few minutes later, the clergyman thought it prudent to pro- nounce the benediction and dismiss them. The ' Tribune' publishes a despatch from Baltimore, stating that Mr Ir- ving's first very successful week in that city was due to curiosity, and that this was the only reason why seats sold readily at the price of two dollars fifty cents each. His act- ing was not appreciated, especially his representation of Hamlet, and the audience roared at tbe Ghost. A so- cial reception was given to Mr Irving and Miss Terry on Friday. Mr Irving has written a letter to the ' New York Tribune,' stating that its Baltimore despatch, purporting to report an opinion expressed by him on the want of appreciation by Americans of genuine artistic ability, is utterly untrue. Says a writer in ' Chamber's Jour- nal' ; —' A pleasant memory is that of an afternoon spent in a school in Sand- hurst, the aforetime Bendigo. Here, after the ordinary class duties had been performed, the scholars are initiated into the mysteries of High- land reels and strathspeys under the tutorship of an Aberdonian dame, the Aberdonian schoolmaster accompany- ing on the fiddle. Thomas Pybus, the aged Maldon miner, who preached tbe last anniver- sary sermons of the Daylesford Wes- leyan Church, is a heavy shareholder in the Oriental Bank. His liability for the bank's debts is between £2,000 and L3,000. J. B. Watson, of [Sand- hurst], has 1,400 shares, and is liable to the amount of L25 each. (L35,000). The Emperor of Germany is repor- ted to be in a state of pronounced dotage. He has become abnormally suspicious of every person surrounding him, and constantly shows a childish eagerness to be before the public in imperial state and to perform royal duties. This mania renders him al- most intractable to his physicians, and they find themselves compelled to re- sort to all kinds of subterfuges in order to deceive their patient into accepting such disciplius as is absolutely neces- sary in his present enfeebled condition. It is alleged that the State of Jersey were informed officially that Lord Grauville had sent an official note to M. Waddington, with respect to cer- tain rights of fishing within three miles of the Acrèhos claimed on be- half of French boats. Lord Granville, it is stated, has informed the French Ambassador that the British Govern- ment did not consider it necessary to discuss its sovereignty over the Acrè- hos Islands, any French claims to which they repudiated. Has Lordship concludes by pointing out, as he had done upon former occasions, that the international fishing zone only com mences at three miles off the Acrèhos. 