Sftctcbcr. Black Bess. Bx Mas. M.' L; Bavne. Was it a dream ? We certainly did -not think so at tho timo, nor have I, ic all the -years that have gone by since, had occasion t« clmngo .my 'mind about it; . In deed, tho conviction that itivafc not a dream has grown with' my growth and strongthened with my, Btrength, and tlio prominence which it assumes as a part of the events of the past confirms and bus tains that conviction, - , If not a'dnamV- what was itt There are certain psyohologicnl conditions in peoplo of abnormal temperament in which pheno mena are recurrent itnd unoxplamablo. You may not be ablo to seo ghosts in disembodiedjspirits with your natural sight, but when the friend of years tells you with tho most solemn assevera tions that some ono long since doad has appeared to him in bodily shape, will you darp to dony his word or affirm that it was a delusion ? Tho eyes are wonderful mediums of vision; and tno soul is an occnlt philosopher, and 'There are moro things in Heaven and earth, Horatio, .. r Thau are dreamt of in your philosophy.' The Scotch poople are beliovorsan second sight. My mother .was a lineal descendant of the old Scotch Covenanters, a grand, strong woman, with out (apparently) a.weakness of sentiment or super- ; stitlon.. How gloriously sho whipped us when wo wero boys, not in 'a temper, like a virago, but with the c«lm force of , a Spartan mother, 'until we had loarncd :to ablior lies and talo-bearfng, and were ablo 'to, conquer offectually. the large deposit of the old Adam which muddled pur moral natures. , Wewerea largo family, one of the old-fashioned kind, regular and numerous as 'stops to a Btair. Whon my older sister was married and living at homo I was a little fellow in roundabouts, and I often thought— with perhaps a slight tinge of dis satisfaction— that it was like having two mothers atonco. . ' ? ' -? - , ?. j Next to my sister camo the pride and honor of our family, Boderick, , my eldest brother. . i Ho was a tall) fair- haired;lad of 22, bat like tl man of the world in all his ways. He was. our businoss head, since my father's death. ' My father was a minister of tho old kirk, and preached till he died. Boderick was to have been a minister,; too, but ho always said no j- the world's work was; best for ' him, and it was when he was doing his best work in tho business ranks, buying and sell-] ing and making a -clean heap of money, to add to the old estate— well might we younger ones bp proud of our braw elder prothsr ; and then it was mother had hor dream 1 ' ! But was it a dream f ? ? ! Our . mother, was not a dreamer, nor: did we know she had any gift of second sight. Often we would sit about her in'the gloaming and hes her to tell us eerie stories of fetches ana appearances; but she never did, declaring; all ; such foolish gossip as pernicious to our minds.: So she sung us heroic songs ainstead, or recited the valiant deeds of her ancestors on the field of -Flodden, or told us Bible stories that were like romanclBS as she related them in her stem, deep 'voice : and commanding manner and strong Scotch idiom. But as often as we dared, one or another would summon conrage .to say in the half dialect wp used in, the family : ' Mither, tell u's -what yo saw wliin'fayther deed.' '- \ - ' j Then her eyes would glow like two live coals, deep in her head, and her voice would sound as if it came from some great distance,- and she weald say in that still, soft way that has some thing hushed and awful in it : : ; ''i Ye'U no remember the day. But to me it's as clear as yestreen, I waur biding at home alone, for you, Allan, waur a baby. It waur a Sabbath, and your fayther preached as ho aye 'did. at Ordequill Kirk, and it waur not time for. them to be back whin I lookit out and saw vonr father coom nh the hill; he waur pale' as death, an' Ithoohtft waur his last sickness, -he lookit that ghostly white.',- . . ?? ; C . ? ! , ' An' thin, mither ? ' we would hurry her with, as she Btopped and looked down. i ' There's nothing more to tell,' she would Bay wearily. 'It waur no your fayther at all; ho died i1 th' pulpit, a half hour afterward, wi'out a word of warning. What I saw come up the walk and which never came In at the-door waur Ids wraith come to give me warnin'. Now, children, riu awa', and vox me no mair.' ! When ye younger ones spoke to JKodericK aDOUi it he ajpays said mother was overtired - and dreamed that, but wo had not settled it. in onr own minds when what folloWB happened. Boderick had been away for a week' on some business of land selling he was engaged in, andwe wero expecting him home on a Saturday night in timo for supper with the family. -But he did not come, and we were all more disappointed than we cared to own. Mother did not say much, but she looked worn and put out. Her room was a small bedroom off the living room, and she left a hot fire burning, for the night was cold and dreary, and she knew Boderick would be wet with the heavy winter fog that hung over everything without. We did not lock or bar tho door, a precaution, in deed, that we seldom took, and expecting to see Boderipk in the morning, we all went to bed to meet again at tho breakfast table. ' ' That morning mother was late, a most uncoin { mon thing for her. My sister had spoken with her, and she was getting her olothes on, so we all sat around the 'table with our porridge:howls be ?fore us, and ' waited , for the blessing whioh began each meal, and without which'we dared not touch spoon or. knife. ' : v When mother came she looked around the table and asked quickly : ?- Is no Boderick doon yet j ' ? , '' No, mither,' said Jinny, ' Boderick is na at home the morn, sin he did na oome yestreen.' ' ' But ho did coom,' said mother, ' he's up yon now, sleepin'. Ye need ha disturb him,' and she bent her stately head in its widow's .cap and in ?voked that blessing of which. we had never yet heard ono word. That it was all right we had no doubt — wo took it upon trust. ? Breakfast was nearly over, when mother looked atmeandsaid: * - ' Bin oop, Allan, and wake yonr brither.' - My porridgo was good and I had ' happed on ' a 'teaspoon of sugar when my sister was looking -the other way,- sol whined': . ' Bind Bobbie, mither; he's through iwl' the vittles.' ? Mother looked at me. I rose expeditiously enough then, and went up the well-worn stairs three at a time, whistling the air of 'Bonny Kilmeny.' ; I then kicked on Boderick's door once or twice.' No answer. Next I knocked decently, and called; ' Boderick ! beest in? ' ' * There was dead silence. I ' opened the door a little, then wider. - There was no one there, and the bed had hot been sle^t in. ' I went down stairs aud told my story. My mother rose up wrathfally and said in her sternest voice: . 'An' yev'obeen trifling Til warm your jacket, Allan!!' ? '? ButX was not airraid. She did not find Bodo rick any more than X did. ?' 'Awa' to the barn,' she said,* as she came down; 'he'll be there, happen.'' 1 But no Boderick was there. .'How coom ye to think as how the lad was at hame? ' asked Jinny, as she cleared the table. ?' I saw him,' .answered mother, solemnly ; ' I. saw him 'wi' my twa een. Ho coom in aboot twal o' the clook, and I spake wi' him, but I mind hb .didna answer. Happen he's dead, ; as his ' fayther wan afore him. -Aye, Boderick, my son, my son I '. All unconsciously she uBed the pathetic words of King David, and we children were thrilled as if a weira prophesy had been spoken. - All bat Jinny; she was not a romantic young woman, and sho had no superstition j so she Baid whiles she folded the cloth : ^ ' Ye dreamed it, mither.' . * ' Aye ! as I dreamed about your fayther, if yo call that dreaming,' responded mother. - There he is now,' cried Jinny, pointing to the window, 'coomine up the hill on a eallon. Bin. children, , ahd open the gato to him.' : ' That Boderick 1 ' I cried, contemptuously. 'Why, that's a coal-black horse, and he rodo away on a sorrel mare. Na, na, that is na;ma gude big brither.' But indeed it was, as I saw a moment later when he rose in his stirrups and waved his cap to. mother in the doorway. \- I ducked under her arm — our mother was a woman of large Btatnre — and ran awav to meet my brother. How good and handsome he looked as ho put his hand down to help me on the saddle bow in front of him. ? ' Mither thocht you waur deed,' was my first foolish remark. 'Not yet, little brother,' he said; laughing lightly, ' nor likely to be, please God 'j ' he doffed his cap, as he spoke. .. Mother waited on him at his late breakfast with hungry Pyes, and Jinny piled up the barley cakes, each one hotter than tho other. . 'You woman folk spoil me,' he said, between the mouthfula. ' Now me ain nlither, what waur it yo dreamit aboot me ? . ' It waS ha a dreem,' said mother. ?/. 'Ah, noo yo ken it was,' said; the laughing laddie, 'or if it pleases ye to call it a vision, what waur the vision J ';, : ' Ye will langh at me, thin,' said mother, in a low voice, ' but if-ever I saw ye alive wi' ma twa. eon, I saw ye '-last' niohtat twalo' the'.clock as plain as I do noo.' 'Ah' what was I doing, mither f'. We all gathered, wide-mouthed and staring, to hear what mother would say. r. . ' I will na say a word,' remarked mother, with sudden anger, ' it a' body, laughs ; ca'- it a dream if ye want, but listen respectful like, whiles I talk.' .' The. Scotch are not a nation of gigglers. ; In a' moment bur faces: were as set as flint. , : - 'It. waur nicht, dark nicht,' began' mother, 'and I bed kep' awake listenin', listenin' for ma boy to coom, for you ken it's the first time he has -ever disappointed me, and I expected: him, every, moment, happen naught had gone wrang. I waur wide awake an' watchln' the fire i': the chim ney-place, and . whiles I thocht of him; and whiles I thocht of his - fayther fie is ' so - vera like, an' then tho 'door opened suddoq, like, and he walked in and wont oop to the fire. Iwas'na i surprisod an' I did'na speak yet ; ho took off his i great-coat, an' I saw it was'na wet, an' I wondered I | what had kept him dreo ; he hung his coat over a ohair — ye know it's your way of doin'— an' ho I took off his neckerclnef and hung that on the i chair, too, an' stood ower the coals and shivered ; i tliin-I called, ' Aro ye cold, lad?' and you never spake, nor turned yours head— an' yo were that palo I thocht yo waur fainby ridln'. ' ' And what became of mo or -my double?' aBked Boderick gaily. - ' That I canna tell. ' I knew no more, for my mind waB eaBy at your beln'. at hamo, an' I slopt till late this moniin'.' 1 - - i , ' That Bho did,'.' said Jinny. ' But whore waur yoii, Boderiok', the nicht? ? - ' At Bailio ? Blavorhaclc's, who onco - went a-courtin' our good mither here when sho waur a ?Up of 'a lass.'. Eb,:mitlier?; I'll warrant yo can blush yot, like a rose i' the sun.'.' ; u Yo graceless lad 1 ' said sho, with the love light in her eyes as slio followod his ovcry motion, bo proud and fond of him in his bravo manhood. 'And now,- mither, yon'vn ; often hoard said ?that ono story is good til! - 'i.'aer is told.' I rode ten milos over tho htathsr and bracken to get hanie this morn and herb I am, not doed at a' n*r fittin to bo. - So you r!o dream or vision is at fault this time. Now, come out all o' yo and see the bravo blaok steed that is to fill tho sorrel mare's .place. Black Bess is a beauty, and I got her at an oven dicker.' : ' A black horse is an uncanny balst, said my mother, gruefully. 'Looks liko a muto at a fun'ral,' interposed Bobbie. ' - , / 'Whist,' said' Jinny, Bharply,' you're enough to kill one in your dismal claverin'. (Sang awa into the sunshine, and get the black man out of your thochts.', ' :| It : was a bright morning alter the fog, and we | thronged out with a will to see tho new purchase) mother with father's plaid over hor shoulders, tho reSt of us bareheaded and full of pranks. Boderick brought out tho horse, a mettlesomo creature, with much white to the balls of her eyes,' and her sleek ears' laid well back. Prancing and curveting, she went the rounds of the yard, Boderick holding the halter strap -with a firm grip. Suddenly Black Boss cast a shoe. , '.V Pick it up for luok,' whispered Bobbio. , 'Take tho halter, Allan,' said Boderiok. I was mortally afraid of the towering boaBt,' but inore sifraid to disobey my brother, and I stopped up gingerly and held the halter wliilo the uncanny . creature sniffed at me suspiciously. Boderick stooped a:t that moment to pick up the shoe. BCo was- laughing, mayhap, at my sacred face, for the black brute gave a lunge, a violent kick, and landed me on the wood- pile. Then eho rushed - to the barn. I scrabbled down and ran up . to Boderick. The shoe .was in his hand, he was still smiling,' but there was a settling in all his limbs, and in a moment he lay' in a heap at our feet, dead — aye, dead, and tho Bmilo frozen on his faco I . ' It was so awfully sudden that wo could not at first believb it, and even when they told us that the imprint of that brute beast's foot was found over his heart we hoped against hope that he might ' survive. 'All but mother. I am an old man and my.hair is, lint white, but I'll nover for get, no never, how she stood and looked at him without a tear or a sigh, and said to herself over .and over : y ''It waur ha dream ! It wanr na dream ! ' ' — Detroit Free Press. 