XvEWS OF TEE DAY. A rumor o £ an utterly groundless clinrscter was circulated in town on Saturday evening tlint the London Chartered Hank wild in Bnch financial difficulties tlmt a stoppage of pay ment was imminent. Tho report ohtained a certain amount of credence, mid in eoino in stances tradr-sneonle refused to accent the notes. Upon inquiries being made it was' as certained that there \vm - no foundation whatever for tho statements, which must now he regarded as without the slightest just ification, the position of the hank being stated by the oificials to be- perfectly sound. 6n the 31 at Maruh the liabilities of the hank to tho public were and the assets were Lfiol O.UOn. Uf this latter sum £11,880,000 are invesicd in lie Australian colonies in securities which are readily realisable. It will thus be apparent that, irrespective of tho bank's paid np1 capital of £1,000.000 and tho reserve liability of another £1,000,000, there are ample assets to cover every liability, and we havo the authority of.the management for stating that every dependency of at all a doubtful character lias been amply providrd for. A cablegram was received by tbo manager on Saturday from tlio head oilice in London, stating that tho half yearly meeting, which was held on I-'iiJay, had passed., cut most satisfactorily. The rate of dividend declared was J! per cent, per annum, and the sum of .Cfifi,000 was added to the reserve fuiul. 'i'lio dividend would probably havo been much higher but for the fact that some tix months ago tho haul: lost a considerable sum in London by the defalcations of certain sharebrokcrs on the Exchange. These fact3 must at once allay any ' uneasiness that the rumors have given rise to, and which may be traced to a statement that a book maker at Remington on Saturday refused to accept one of tho bank's notes, remarking tiiat it had .slopped payment. The bank authorities are- making inquiries on tlio point, but it is certain that- no justification can bo given for a report which is so utterly untrue. Our Sydney correspondent telegraphed yester- dav that Mr. Outline, manager of the London Chartered Bank of Australia, who is at present in Sydney, received the following cablegram : — " Loudon, 23rd May. — The Lon don Chartered Hunk of Australia's annual meeting was held aud passed oif satisfactorily. A dividend of S per cent, wis declared, and £25,000 carried to the reserve fund." Several honors have been conferred in con nection with l.er Majesty's birthdav. Sir Alfred Stephen, lato Chief Justice of New South Wales, and at one time Lieutenant- Governor of that colony, has received the Grand Cros3 of the Order of St. Michael ond St. George. The same distinction line been conferred on Sir H. 1!. Torrens, formerly Chief Secretary and liegistrar-Gencral of South Australia, so well known in connection with the act referring to the registration of titles of land. Mr. 3'. A apier Broome, Governor of "Western Australia, has been appointed Knight Commander, and Mr. George Baden-Powell Companion of the saula orcier. The lienor of knighthond has been conferred on Mr. S iuiucl Davenport, e.f South Australia, who lepre-cnted that colony at tho Paris and Melbourne Exhibitions. Other con templated honors, our London correspondent cub!, . s, h ive bscti postponed for tho present. Mr. Justice Chitty lias lnmle r.n order in structing tho Oriental Ilar.k liquidator to de liver j- the securities belonging to the Bank o; Adelaide and the Commercial 3!ank of Svunsv, cn receiving the usual bond of indemnity from those institutions. The Malidi is at Ibrahim in tho province of Kbordofan, and his followers are reoorted to have prevented him from going ' to tbo White Nile district. 'The native force despatched to Wadcy, Haifa, on the second cataract of the Nile, has arrived at its desti- nation, and the position is to be fortified against a possible attack by the followers of the Maluli. In a coal pit near Edinburgh a lire has broken otrt, ond seven miners have been suffocated. Tho match between tlio Australian cloven and (ho Mnrylebone Club was resumed and concluded on Friday, at Lord's ground, and resulted in tho disastrous defeat of tho Aus- tralians. The homo team, who, it will be re- mcmbercd, had nt tlio conclusion of tho pre vious day's phy lost ninu wickets for 405, com piled the fine total of 481 in their first innings Barnes, who played a first clas innings, carry! ing out his bat for 105. Tlio most successful trunijler on behalf of tho Australians was SpofTorth, who secured four wickets at a cost of 10.0 runs, whilst Gilfen obtained three for 80 runs. Bannerman and M'Donncll, . who wore tlio first to do battle on belmlf of the Australians, made such a capital commence ment as to no doubt canss many to think the Australians would make a bold bid to reach, if not . pass, their opponents' score, as it was not until they had put on nearly a century between them that the part nership was di.-solvod, owing to Bannerman receiving his quietus after he'had placed 32 to Ids credit. With the exception of M'Donncll who played with much freedom and contributed 04, Murdoch 25, Blackham 21 and Spofforth 15, the remaining batsmen failed to reach double figures, and the innings closed for a total of 184. The downfall on the part of tho Australians may bo principally accounted for owing to the excellence of tho English bowling, Studd, who trundled in rare style, l ecurim- no' less than half a dozen wickets at n cost of 100 runs ; Grace, who was also successful iu tho buwliug department, obtaining the balanoeof thn wickets for au average of 7 runs each. Being considerably in tho minority ' of the runs scored ty their opponents the Australians had to follow their innings. They, however, batted with much the same tnrcss as that which characterised their previous efforts, ami were all disposed of for 182 runs, the Marylebonc thus gaining an easy victory by an innings and 115 runs to rpare. Murdoch, who made 42 (not out), was the highest scorer on behalf of tho Australians tho other principal contributors being Spof-' forth " 37, Griffen 20, Bannerman 22, Scott 17 and Blackham 10, Greco obtained four wickets for GO runs, tho other must successful bo-.vler being Steel, who se cured a brace at a cost of 15 rims per wicket. Midwinter, who sustained n severe injury to his hand on the first day of the match/was unable to play for the Australians, who hatted one man short. The Australians do not play another match until the 22th lust, and two following days, when they try conclusions with tho Gentlemen of England at Lord's ground. Allliongh Saturday was the anniversary of the birthday of her Majesty the Queen, who has attained her sixty-fifth year, tlioio were no official proceedings in connection with the day, in consequence of tho expressed direction of tiio Queen, owing to the death of Prince Leo pold, The official celebration lias been deferred until the 1st July, when the ceremonies under taken by the Government will be carried out, Although tho Government offices nud banks wore closed on Saturday, a great many amuse ments that were arranged some time ago in and around Melbourne came off. The members of the Melbourne Hunt Club .held a very suc cessful race meeting at 3'lemington, whilst the football match on the Melbourne Cricket grouud between the Carlton and Norwood (S.A.) was largely patronised, the contest on the East Melbourne cricket ground between representatives of tlielTotharuandGeelongclnbs being also well attended. In addition to the numerous other attractions, c 'successful coursing meeting was held under the auspices of the Praliran Coursing Club, at the Sherwood Park Plnrnptnn, which has recently been formed between Burwood and Glen iris, by Mr. J. B. Scott. A coursing meeting was also held at Lancefield-road, in connection with the Fitzroy and West Bourko Coursing Club, whilst a reception was accorded to Hanlan, the champion oarsman of the world, at tbeEx- hibition Building, Tbo new weir constructed across tbo eastern branch of the Moorcbool Eiver, about 4 mile? from Italian, was opened on Saturday by Mr. Sargood, Minister of Water Supnly, That gentleman, in company with Mr.'N. 'I. kornley, M.L.C., aud Mr. C. W, Langtree, Acting Secretary of Mines and Water Supply, left the Bpencer- rtrcet station on Friday Cy the seven pan. Hallarat train. On arriving at Geeloug, Messrs. Cunningham, Connor and Bees, M.L.A.'s, joined the party, which pro ceeded to llallarat, and remained there for the night. On .Saturday the vi-.itois, who were joined by Mr. F. Unwind, M.L.G., departed by the seven a.m. train for Gordons. Arriving there the party was driven in conveyances to the weir, which is situated about 45 luilc-j from Geeiong, At tlio request of Mr, Ear- good the last' coping stone was laid by Mr. Orinond, who congratulated the residents of Geelong upon the completion of the weir, which he 'stated would form an important addition to the water supply of that town. He also took occusion to thank the Govern ment for the energy it had displayed in carry ing out the new scheme. The ceremony of opening the ' weir was then per formed by Mr. Bargood, who turned on the outlet valve amidst cheers. In the course of a brief speech Mr. Sargood stated that it was the first duty of the department to make provision to supply the domestic wants of a community .before considering the largo ques tions of. irrigation for waterless tiacts of country-." M hilr.t, however, lie recoguiveil the great importance Of irrigation for slock pur- poses.and cultivation, lie would not listen too readily to the, ill many instances, Utopian schemes of nhmtc-iir engineers. The' hew weir is an excellent piece of work, designed and carried out l.y Mr. C. Lutz, of Hie Water Supply department. It conserves tho waters of the eastern branch of the Moorabnol, which ore conveyed by means of earthenware pipes and cast iron svplions a distance of 17 f miles to the Upper Stoi.y Creek le ervoir. By this, means tho daily supply of 'water will bo increased by 500,000 gallons. Tho estimate of the work was £111,000, but owing to un avoidable delay in eonsiruetiou aud increased cost of material tho scheme has cost £21,000. Mr. .Sargood and party relumed to Melbourne nt hall-past eight o'clock on Saturday even ing- " . The Postmaster-General, Mr. Jambs Camp- boll, M.L.C., visited Ballarat on Saturday, but will return to his department again tins morning. There is nothing further to report with respect to the loss of bank notes1 to the amonut of £200 from the General Tost Office, the particulars of which were given in "he J>je on Eatnrday, , Tlie Custom House being closed cn Satur day while general business was carried on in the city was a source of inconvenience to some of the 'merchants who had goods in bond, but in other respects it did not interfere with trade, Tho shipping office was kept open, and Mr. Musgrove, the Secretary for Customs, re mained in his office during the morning. The Melbourne IIunt Club held theif anhuill race meeting at Fleiuington on Satur day, when, as the weather was beautifully fine, there was a fair attendance, though the pro gramme was not such as might be expected to draw. The Selling Jlnce, the first event of the day, was won easily by Liddinglon, with Saxon second ; and the Flying Stakes, which brought out a good field, fell to Cupola, who was the favorite, with The Ghost and Pyrette second and third. The Steeplechase was ivon by Blackthorn, who was also meat in re quest; and I'ailleroo had no difficulty in ap propriating the Corinthian Flat Ilace, Man fred and Petrel being second and third. , The Bruui Selling Stakes saw Impulse, who was not generally fancied, a winner, the favoiite, Egerton, being second. The last event of the day, the Queen's Birthday Stakes, wus won by Pailleroo, thouch The Ghost, who was second, would probably have reversed the position had his saddle not slipped. The arrangements were exceedingly well carried ont "by the officers of tho Hnnt Club, and the meeting was most satisfactory in a pecuniary sense. a Tho Adelaide Ilacing Club opened what is known as their Birthday meeting on Saturday, when fine weather favored the first day's racing, which passed oit in a succesaful mannir. The Hurdle llace resulted in u win for Char coal, who won easily from Agitation and Noorong. Gymkhana appropriated the Trial Handicap, Luvingtou and Gratitude following the winner homo. The Helling Haco proved a pood thing for The Lawn, Ethel being second and Narrative third. Btiug won the A. B.C. Handicap somewhat easily from the favorite, Little Bister, Belmont and Prince Patrick being the' only other starters. Tho Steeple chase resulted in a great boil over, Chester, a rank outsider, winning easily. Noorong was second and Piety third. The concluding event o the day, the Tolalisutor Handicap, fell to the favorite, Country Boy, Samlal being second and Wotonga third. Tho totalisator was ex- Lnsively patronised during the day, whilst the bookmakers were, iu a similar degree, neglected. , What would appear to have been a horrible outrage, followed by the murder of a married woman, nnknpwn, fins been brought to light in South Melbourne by the shocking disoovery early yesterday morning, of Iter dead body in tli read close to thc Castlemaino Brewery, near to which tho- crime was committed. Jiot jainv yards from tho spot where the lody was found, the ground, rendered soft by the recent rains, bears ummsta.c- abio siens of a violent struggle bavjng taken place. Tho footprints of sevoral per sons were yesterday plainly visible round a piRce where the body of a woman, judging by the marks of licr" dress, had . been pressed against the soft earth, and here was found a woman's hat., and near by a portion of feminine apparel and a red pocket liaiitlkcr- thief. The police were early on the scene, and the black trackers were sent for to examine the footprints, which wero very numerous, leading in ail directions. Tho body, which bore no special marks of violence, except in one part, was that of a middle aped, stout; built, strong healthy womnn, whose features are fnmilnr to some of the South Melbourne police, but tliey are unacquainted with her name. A female re sembling the deceased, and. supposed to ho identical, was seen in company with four or iive half drunken young fellows on Saturday, night, close to the spot where tho outrage took place, and three of .these larrikins have been siuce arrested for Insulting behavior, hut there is no evidence so far to connect them with the snore serious crime, which has created a great sensation in South Mel bourne. The singular conduct of a lady State tchool teacher, Miss Amy Bock, whose career of use fulness at Maryv&lo; has been suddenly cut short by her arrest on If riday last on a charge of obtaining goods under false pretences, is worthy of notice. She has been about fiveyeara in the employ of the Education department, and latterly W.R3 in receipt of a salary of HP a month. But this remuneration was found not nearly su&icient; to cover her rather extrava gant habits, Finding herself in difficulties eke appears to have resorted to very extra ordinary means for paying her rapid. y increasing debts, which have at length, 03 they long threatened to do, overwhelmed her. It is alleged that she is not responsible for her erratic actions, as insanity exists in her family on the side of tho mother, who died many years ago in a Tnsmanian luuatic asylum. She came to this colony aider her motiier's death, with her father, an artist, who, marry- ing again, left Miss Book to shift for herself, he emigrating to Xctv Zealand with his second wile. There are several charges of a serious nature noainst the voumr teacher who is now in custo .y, which wiii be inquired into next Friday at the City Court, wiic-n she will be brought up for examination. Among the many peculiar frauds of which elie is accused may ho mentioned that of obtaining two buggies' worth H70 from tho City Carriage Company, and selling them directly afterwards for much less than their value for ready cash. One of these vehicles was got hack by tho com pany won paying £10 to the purchaser at Dandemmg. Another handsome and expensive carriage was ordered by M.ss Bock from Messrs. Sti-wnaon and 1 Mint, of King-street, hut this vehicle hat been returned to tho firm. Mr. Hanks, grocer, "f Hou ike-street, nnd the firm of .lames MTlwr.ii nnd Co., ironmongers of this city, arc among the lady's Melbourne creditors, but the rum of her 'indebtedness in each case is not large. Mil was brought up at the court- on .Saturday, aud, being evidently very ill, was remanded. Early mi Saturday morning, while the pro cess of shunting was being carried on at tho Flinders-street railway station, in preparation for the starting of ihe quarter past six troius, ti e engine nnd two carriages got o If the lino 6t the points near Princes-bridge, ami com pletely blocked til'' way for about an hour and three-quarters, ' While they were being got into position again the trains on the South Yarra mid Brighton line were started from the Princes- bridge station, where the incoming trains stopped and discharged their passengers. This was the only inconvenience caused. We understand that the damage caused to the rolling stock was (if any) very slight, but Ilia inspector will repott on the matter to tho com missioners. The body of tho man who is generally sup posed to have committed snicide last Thurs day evening, near this Xewmarket stition, by- laying his neck across the rails, has been identi- fiedosthatof John IloUingtou, who resided at rso, 83 -Moray-street, Emerald Hill. He was a retired trades man, living with his son aud daughter, Tho inque.t, which it was ex pected wonld have been held on Saturday, will be held at the morgue to-day. A determined case of suicide occurred on board the steamer Ealinain, which arrived at Sydney from Queensland ports on Thurs day lost, It appears that a steerage passen ger named Moses, a foreigner, apparently about 30 years of age, went on bonrd the vessel at Brisbane on Monday. After leaving the wharf he complained Of feeling cold and being " queer j" he would not . lip down either at night or in tho day time, but kept pacing tho deck until about a quarter to cno o'clock yesterday morning, when he was seen to put his hands on the starboard rail and vault over the side. The engines were at once stopped and reversed, and a life buoy thrown to him ; a boat was also lowered and pulled to the spot where he was suppused to he, whilst tho ship steamed round several times, hut although a good lookout was kept from the masthead nothing was seen of tile unfortunate man from the ship, and beyond picking up his hat aud the life bnoy the crew of the boat saw nothing of him. 'There was a strong southerly gale blowing at the time, with a heavy cross sea. The captain of the ship Drnmclton, which r.niv. d in Ilobson's ltav yesterday from Liver pool, reports that a passenger named Charles Collier, aged itl, died from consumption on the 1 0 tli in;t. Tho interment took place at sea in the usual lununcr. At tho usual fortnightly meeting of the City Council, to bo held this afternoon, re ports from the health, financo and public worliR committees will he submitted, and ac counts amounting to about £2-100 will be re commended for payment., i ; no of the priii. cinal subjects for consideration will he tho tender Of Messrs. Yoon.m Brothers for the construction of drainage works in Elizabeth- street, from Flinders to Tlierry streets, for the sum of £3:1,033, whirh slim being greatly in c-xccss of that set apart for the purpose, it will he recommended that the unappropriated balance of thejdoan of 3333, viz., £14,1131— bo appropriated to defray tho amount of tho contract. I The executive of the Victorian "Women's 1 Sulirnge Society held a meeting at A g mo re, i South Yarra, on Friday evening. Arrange- j laents were made for an early meeting of 'r : 1 j members of tho society to decide upon rules and a platform. From the reports before the j executive it was shown tiiat the society is i rapiiily increasing in nnmbers, applications j coming in from remote parts of the colony, and j even from South Australia. I The public reception o f Edward Hanlan, Sj champion oarsman of the world, took place at ine mxmmtion Building on Saturday, but was not- largely attended, owing, no doubt, partly to the ioconvement hour at which the ceremony was. fixed to take place, and tho high prices charged for admission. In tho afternoon an address of wel come from the Victoria r.owing Asso ciation was presented by Dr. Beauey, M.L.C., one of the vice-presidents, and subsequently Hanlan and the committee of t'ue association were entertained at the doctor's residence. In the evening an exhibition in a counterpart of the upper portion of the middle sect:ou of his boat was given by Hanlan, and the proceed ings were enliveued by a concert, in which Miss Isabel Reid. a J.lLfitaufe, Miss Christie b mli r, Mr. Julius Herz and Warnecke's hand took part. The Government have given - permission to Mr. MorrisGreenwall, Hanlan's manager, to erect an enclosure in Albei t Park, and an exhibition of rowing will ho given " there on a date to be announced. An attractive elocutionary and musical en- terta'nment wn' given at the Town Hall on Kahirdav evening, in which Mr. Alexander Maine nnd a number of well known musical artistes took part. The programme presented was a varied one, aud almost entirely composed of popular numbers. These were received with Jrfeat favor by the audience, which, however, I was not au over numerous one, though the Jjptsence of numbers was, in an artistic sense, ; to drawback to the entertainment, the whole 1 c-f the performers being we'd received, ar.d I their efforts thoroughly appreciated. Mr. I Alexander Mavne's dramatic recitals em- LicaceJ the . following selections : — Execu- Itieii of Mrintroie (Aytoun), Phil. Blood's a gold tlipgc-t's story (Buchanan), j '-ihe Pick Stockrider (A. L. Gordon), ! and In the Signal Box (Sims). These selec- I tion-i were not as varied as thev might likvo I been, neither did they afford' Mr. Mayco I sufficient scope_ in demdnslraiiiig that lie l i e:--' ses exceptional powers a3 a reciter. But I thoroughly established one fact by his 1 e.Tons oil Saturday evening, and that was I r— that he entirely succeeds in the class of recitations iu which he introduced I himself. His voice is full ami round, I and well under control ; ilia enunciation dear. I In action, as well as in facial expression, Mr. Maync Is very expressive. Ho also showed himself to be an earnest student of his art, as -was made manifest by refinement of style aud essential attention to numberless small points, , which, taken singly, ore apt to be Considered of little moment, but, conjointly regarded, constitute the quintessence of artlstio sncoess, Mr. Mayno was heartily applauded for all his efforts. The musical portion of the entertain roent was supplied by Miss Christian and Messrs. Walshe, Bergin, Sykes and Poussard. Miss Christian gave two songs, Sad Heart, Oh Take Thy Rest, by Virginia Gabriel, and I Breamed a Bream, by Cooke, in both dis playing sympathetic expression and cultivation of style. Two songs were rendered by Mr. \Yalslie,who also took part with Miss Christian in a duet. Mr. Bergin was very eucocssful in his songs, Sailing, by Marks, nnd Laud's When Night is Barkest, and joined Miss Christian in a duet, Oh that wo Two .were Maying, which is interesting as being the com position of nn accomplished lady, Miss Alice Mary Smith (Mrs. Meadows White), whoso cantata, Ode to tho North Wind, was per formed nt a recent musical festival in England. M. Poussard's violin s0i03 were three short bracketed nnmbers, entitled respectively .Spring, Candle Song, and llonde (It Nnit, tho latter his own composition, and Paganiui's Carnuval de Vonise, all of which were well received. Two organ solos were given by Mr. Sykes, who also shared with Miss Corcoran and M. Poussard the duties of accompanist. This evening the snme nrtistes will appear in a now programme. A large audience assembled at the Theatre Royal on Saturday evening to witness the representation of Fedora. 'The Opera Honse was well attended on Saturday night, and Signor Mnjeroni's ad mirable representation of Corporal Simon was appreciated and upplaudcd by ail parts of the house. This interesting play will bo repeated for five nights longer, and on Saturday next Signora Majeroni will appear as Marie An toinette, a character in which Madame lliatori achieved such signal succe--s. The masterly, impeisouiition of Viscount Bolingbroko by Mr. W. II. Vornou, at tho Princess's Theatre, continues to pleaso the large houses which nightly assemble at this place of amusement. It is announced that on Saturday next .Mr. Vernon will receive a benefit, which is tendered to liiin by Miss Genevieve Ward, and a new play will be pro duced ou tlio ooension, the hincficitiirt appear ing iu three distinct characters. Fatinitzaivns performed on Saturday evening ftf tliu 1nnn 'I'li.iolrn rnr flin tofOrnl tlillA t.llf production of La Belle -Helene being postponed tiuiil this evening, in order to allow Miss Melville a longer period of rest. The per formance was received with much favor by a very large audience. Tho reappearance of Miss Melville iu lierpopnlar impersonation of tile beautiful Helen cannot fail to prove at- ti active, while for the remaining principal characters a strong cast is announced. " A conjuring nnd clairvoyant entertainment, under the title of Hysteria, was given at the Victoria Hall on Saturday night, the per formers being Messrs. Lewis and Morriti anil ' M'llle Victor. The most pleasing features in the performance were the exposures and hon-X fith explanations oi u variety of extraordinary tricks which have for a long time puzzled the public, and which by Seme per sons are attributed to spirit agencies. Amongst other things Mr. Lewis lucidly ex plained how a piece of common newspaper could be ignited by waving it in t)ie air, and n'so how a sponge dripping with cold water could lie made to smoke by the same means. He further explained the simple method by which the pillory trick and otiiers of nn equally bewildering nature were effected. Mdlle. Victor assisted in the performance by giving a very successful exhibition of clairvoyance. The People's Concert in the Temperance Hall, Russell-street, was attended by an im mense audience on Saturday eveuing, on the re-appearanee of the Hibernicon Comedy Com- pany in their sparkling eutertniuuient, Ireland in Sunshine and Shade. The principal per formers met with a very hearty reception from the audience, who were moat lavish in their npplause and encorea. Tho Amateur Minstrel Contest at the Hall of Science on Snturduy night attracted a large number of pleasure seekers, and the varied programme which had been arranged evoked considerable interest and amusement. A concert will be given this evening nt the Port Mel- bourne town hall in aid of St. Joseph's Roman Catho- lic Church choir. Messrs. Buzzard and Co. announce the sale of some valuable river frontnges c'oso to tho city, at noon to day. at their rooms, HS> Colli- R.atro'ct east. The Collins-street Independent Church Literary and Debating Society will meet this evening, when a Par- liamontsry debato will lie conducted. Members nro requested to attoud, and friends are cordially in vited. 