THE DEAD GARROTTER. It was an awfully cold night in March, a n d as dark as pitch, and the policemen who paced up and down the Strand in London, only re- D laced their bulls-eyes in their belts to beat their gloved hands together, and trv and infuse some warmth into them as they peered up and down the,.aide slreeU on , the look out for suspicious characters and burglars. • . Everything quiet 1 ’ said the sergeant toA2il, about 5 a.m. 'Yes, sergeant. About an hour ago I thought I heard a man run up Agar street I turned my lantern on him.and followed, but saw nothing. Good morn- afterwards, before the fog bad cleared away from the river,; and when it was almost as dark as, midnight, a couple of medical students came out of a side door of Charing Cross Hos pital, and groped their way down to the Strand to get some coffee and break- case, that, Allison,’ said the taller of the two to the other, *■ and I'm glad we stayed up with it to the end. Dr Pollock seemed interested, too, yesterday. Let’s see! I’ve got 20 pages of notes about it. You know, it’s only the second tracheotomy operation I ever helped at. Last hope in diphtheria, though.' ‘There’ll be a lecture ou that throat to-morrow, and then I shall ask for it —that is. Hodding, unless you particu larly want it to work on,’ replied bis companion, l in which case—’ Just then the scientific discussion over the case of a woman who had just died in the hospital, of diphtheria, was rudely interrupted by both students stumbling and falling over some heavy body to the ground. ‘ Great Caesar! What was that said Allison, as he picked himself up. ‘ I believe I've sprained ray ankle.’ Hodding did not reply for a moment, lor he was shaken up, but on regaining his feet he answered—'• It’s a man lying right across the pavement, drunk or something. He doesn’t move, anyhow. You get .a peeler and I’ll stay here.’ But one had already heard the noise, and was rum-.ing up Agar street. ‘ Halloa here !’ cried Allison. ‘ There’s a man lying across the curb, and we fell over him and nearly got our heads broke. Allison and Hodding, students Charing Cross Hospital. The policeman turned his light on them, and, being satisfied, threw it on the face of a man 1 who was evidently dying of strangala- lion from some cause or another, ‘Case of garrotting.’ said the police man. itei ‘ Evidently,’ said Hodding. ‘Never [augind a stretcher; we’re close to the tpital, and can carry him in.’ o the three men lifted the body and g.editas fast-as they could to the •ital, and before the man had been • aid on a table lie was dead. • ratted,’ said Hodding again, J B £ 0 the swollen face and neck, isiOEAHcir 8 a casB Greek meeting am otto, H„ 77(j 0 one of thc assistants who 't the body, as a sand-club 1 AB3t, BAScE.^s aS3 knuckles fell out of ocket. ‘Do you know to noun, Lo»dcT(Thoi_ **** M’Cor? h £n ? e ‘ bu ; Umtenity). •“Scotland Yard and Yes, ha’s one of iw.siddeidyjs boots and his H^^Bayte, n Yasor™n l£,? fficer > P Uttill g iHKEcroBs; ?ket, 1 liere*s a 6 i,/®' n^«“ h »q“‘‘ ’ oulled oufca MUTUAL, the . amonssUhe policy-! j ~ with .alety T. ‘™d he ffA WiSUS, Secretary ard O.ri named o ooatiih :s, who \TlClOau IKSUUANCE COMPAQ “toiled. "he (J e . ni t.-OSE MILLION STEELING. - SWag. ?™ SEY MH-LBU , 3 f acb . -moottor R a „. JO . 3EPH COLLIE,* Ser . beJ °, r ® t6E Ss;—^y»rmonth—r a m it vt verdict of death .e the hands of some unknown. I** SA Tiet with the many aliases If' r * nb) * be d ' BSec ting room two U,J5 f ,. a ‘ terw ards, being first made the ttlv an interesting lecture, in c . “ e acte d as apparatus. Hodding usy on the diphtheria case, so t ca 'kd for the throat of the sub due Loth Btu dents intending to *l, ° ® , r a tter life to the specialty of t and lung disease, am 6 been or Lours at his work in ar ™. er the ghastly chamber, . where with 6 .ku!ls, and ribs hobnobbed his r. 6 ow joints, too much interested in and t 0 not ’ ce that he was alone, sono i ab l * Je other students had Vfiioth° ■ or different Awards, uesn if 6r lfc - Was overw °rk or sudden ill a stnd W . aS Im P°asiblo to say, but when an h 0,,?! , na ? ed • Q°ugL came in t half half t--.. a * er be L |Un d Allison gasping, 3 a alf Lneeling qri the full. 3 Lead, .against a glass case L woo eClr ?, enF ’ as w Lite as a ghost, hailed a second before' Qpngh 'Allisn 01 - 6 the. enrgeons and-maid, jS lBan the floor in a faint;-will Be’o ° bl ® wLile.l get some brandy.;? with ’ t°° Lard/ sitting np; pharvnr C f -Lreakfast on the throat, and: ' 'Tim tba * i ’* strangler-case.’ • C «n his rS® 1 ! In>';butAllison-'waB: he said i o^ 0 ;, ‘ I’m doctor*’ | 1 got I pyer^meiand' Jttst then Qtftfgh ; him some brandy, but his teeth chattered ao that he could hardly drink it. - The surgeon felt; hia, pulse and heart, and said--* Yes' you’re all right,, if you’ll go, home and rest for a day or two. You’re-over-worked. If you are not better to-night, send for me. .I’ll drop in anyhow.’ They wanted to call a cab, but.he insisted-that he was all right; and that the walk would do: him'good, and indeed he looked quite well again. His colour . had-returned and he'breathed naturally, and it was apparent that the faintness had been only temporary", * I’ll take your advice,' doctor, if Mr Gough will finish this. It is almost done, as he will see. from my notes.’ So the over worked stiident went home. ! It was about 10 days after this occur rence', yefalthougtHerbert Allison was perfectly well, he had not gone back to the hospital. Indeed, when his friend the doctor had called that night he had found him out, and was told he had gone to the theatre. He was surprised, but said nothing, merely leaving word that he recommended .rest and not. ex citement; Allison lived -near the hos pital, lodging with a widow named Mrs Verulam, who took in three or four gentlemen lodgers to help to increase a small income.. She had one daughter; Rosie Verulam, between whom and Allison a strong friendship had sprung up, which, little: by little, had ripened into love. -Only the evening before the morning on- which he had fainted in- the hospital they hadsat ~ together -planning on their future, when he should have passed his last examination and could hang up his diploma. And she had said— ; * We’ll go : into the country, B.erfc, and 1 will learn to make pills and plaisters, and you know how I can cook. It does not matter how poor we are, we’ll get along. Or you can stay here with me and mamma and get a town practice after a while, and perhaps give lectures at the hospital on your pet hobby throat disease,’ . And he had given her- a little hug and told her to be patient, and he would make a name for her. But all this bad been changed since he came home that afternoon from the hospital. On this particular morning he was lying lazily on the sofa, and Rosie was tempting him with poached eggs, tea, and toast. * Not that you deserve them, Bert, for you did not come home till 1 o’clock this morn ing. I heard your latch-key in the door.’ * Hava - you read all the papers through carefully, Rose V he b answered, not heeding her pretty -ways. ‘ls there nothing more about that Fowler case?’ ‘ No, not a- word! You know the last that the old gentleman Miller was knocked down by one or two garrotters ; he didn’t know how many, but the police say two. He was hit from be hind, and they took his pocketbook con taining £2OOO in £lOO Bank of England notes, and then the police say one gar rotter wanted it all, and so he strangled the man who helped him and who made you so ill. The police think they know all Fowler’s associates and have arrested most of them.’ ‘ Are you sure that is all, Rosie ?’ * Quite sure; but Bertie don’t keep thinking about this dreadful case. It has unnerved you and made you so different to me and everyone else. Take me out walking. Let us go down by Somerset House and over Waterloo Bridge.’ * Not to-day, Rosie —not to-day. The fact is—that is, I mean I have accepted an invitation to go into the country for a little while to stay with a friend, I shall be away a week, and when I come back you will not know me—the friend I was out with last night-—an old school mate, in fact. My cab will be here directly and I have packed a few things. Don’t look so annoyed and alarmed. See what, I have got you to remember me by while I am away,’ and he pro duced an exquisite little pair of ear-rings and tenderly put them in her ears. * Oh, you dear, dear did fellow,’ she cried, ‘ but you must have been pinch ing yourself ever so hard to get these. Indeed, I won’t fret if you will only forget that horrid morning and come back well.’ ’He kissed her goodbye, ran 'up stairs for his portmanteau, hailed a passing hansom and was gone, Allison drove rapidly to the station and took a first-class ticket for Folke stone. He bad a quarter of an hour to wait, and he was so restless that every minute seemed like an age to him. Ha started at his own shadow and kept on brushing his eyes with his hand as if to expel some ghastly vision. ‘Fll lose my reason if I go on this way,’ he said to himself, ‘and travelling won’t do me any good.’ The,train was going in two minutes,* and he was still undecided. As the last whistle blew he picked up his portmanteau, turned on his heel, and walked but outlie terminus. Then he took a cab and told the man to drive him to Scotland Yard to the office of the Chief of Police of Detectives, in Scotland Yard. Twenty minutes afterwards he was sitting in the Chief’s private office with that official and De tective Brown. , They saw that he was deeply agitated about something, and left him alone until he recovered himself, when, turn ing to the detective, he said— ‘ I was off this afternoon to Paris, Here’s my ticket as far as Folkestone, But I can’t go. Why ? Because. Look here !’ and opening his waistcoat and ripping open, a seam, which had recently been sewed up,- he laid on the table 19 Bank of England notes of the value of £lOO each. To this he added £7B in sove reigns,-' took* frdttrbis pockets; and then untying a. little leather bag which he workaround list neck,, he ex tracted a £2O note and two sovereigns. ‘ This last sum,’. he ’saidj>‘ is my own. The rest belongs to Mr Miller, the man who was garrotted by. Fowler.. Tfaere.is the' £2OOO complete: Now, do with me what you please,’ and poor. Alliso* l lay back.in the chair with a great sigh of relief.- - - ; 1 - ‘ .'The’ Chief looked at the detective, and Brown at ’him. - They .wereV-/evidently -puzzled. ‘‘- Mr Allison,V said; .the Chief at last, ‘.you have madet this .confession voluntarily, and • so far the matter pf.it is only known ' to myaelf and. Detective Brown; ’‘ Will- you- go ,on and tell, how you came in. possession of . that money ? ‘1 was working ; all ;the morning,’ con tinued Herbert,.‘on the Eustachian tubes of the subject—those passages, that is, which connect the upper ‘part of the pharynx with the main cavity of the ear—and I must have been so interested that time passed, and when I -had . opened the lower part of the pharynx I found the cause of death. The garrotter had rolled these notes into a ball so tight that it was with the greatest difficulty they' were separated. He must have supposed himself- pursued, or had them secreted in his mouth and- swallowed them acci , dentally. They, choked him. When I saw what they wereTfainted. I had not the courage to give them up, and now , you know all,’ ' *. Mr; Allison,’ said the rugged old Chief in a husky-voice, ' will you let this be a lesson to you 1 Do you think you will ever forget the narrow boundary that lies between honour and shame ? ? But Herbert could not answer, ; ‘ Toil have been , shadowed, : my boy, since" you changed that £lOO note at aj eweller’s on the strand, but Mr Brown, here was your friend, and persisted that your guilt was impossible. I will be your friend too, for your better nature has saved you. How, go -back home. "Mr Miller will receive his money to-night, and no questions will be asked. If you are ever in trouble, my boy, , come and.see me.’ .. I£ was all.like a dream, or an ugly vision, an hour afterwards, as he sat by Rosie’s side again, and told her he bad changed his mind, and felt work was the best restorative. He returned to the hospital the next morning, and was as bright as ever, infusing new energy into his work, and fresh life. A year afterwards he graduated, going through ! the schools with honour, and then | commencing the practicecf his profession in a modest way. Detective Brown Called him one evening soon after the restoration of the notes and said : ‘My boy, here is £3OO, the reward offered by Mr Miller for the recovery of his money. It is justly yours.’ Herbert laughed and said :— ‘ Doesn’t one good turn deserve another 1 Haven’t you got I a Police Widows and Orphans’ Fundi Well put it into that anonymously, or I’ll have you and the Chief arrested for compounding a felony.’ But the Chief and Detective Brown were at Rosie’s wedding, and .curiously enough, Dr Herbert Allison received the appointment of Assistant Surgeon of Police the same day. 