The Post Office Window. ''Pzskjlts yon don't know it, bat tbe place to see the tragedies of real life like a panorama is right in here," raid a post office habitue before the General Post Office build zmr on. Park-row. " How could one see tragedies in the post office!" "11l show yon," he said. " Come in here." " Damp atone corridors, very dirty and chilly; jost ling people, rude and anxious; great dingy glass partitions with a square little hole in the bottom, behind which were seen at in terrals the clerfca' faces. Nothing very tragic about this." "Xo! Wait a bit- These are the foreign delivery windows; people come bere to get foreign letters- They are coming all tbe time. It is an tin— ending procession of tired feet. Watch "em." We did. There was a woman leading a little girl. She was waiting her turn to ask at the window. She was dressed in rusty black. She had a pretty, sad face, with a premature wrinkle on it. She looked modest, nervous, anxions. Presently she got a chance and went up and put her hud down to tbe little hole. " Anything for lira. John ** That's all we conld hear. "Nothing." said the voice of the clerk, after a moment's delay. The woman stepped back as if the clerk's voice had hurt her. She looked down a moment, ai.il then, feel ing herself joetleil liy some other anxious applicant, shrank altogether and went away —like a ghost. "Do you see anything in that I" asked my companion. •• Xo, not much " " Well, she has betn coming for a month, the day after every steamer. She expects a letter from her hutbaad, and she will never get one from him." **\Vhy!" ** Because when he went away he never in tended to write. He went away with another woman. The wife hasn't discovered the deception yet. You see, he left her •with a ki-s. promised to write by tbe first steamer, and she has been counting the boors ever since. I call this a tragwly. Whenever a heart is torn to pieces alowl}r by villainy, there is a tragedy. ' "The Window geta t* hnow ssjina *f tte mWI white beta tint cosm TCnlaity. There is an old woman who sometisses Ah! then she is now, standing over then waitinc for her chance. Look at her." We both stared at her in silence a moment. She must have been fifty. Bat she was still hearty save for the traces of sorrow and toil on her brown old face. There was a watery expres sion in her eyes as if she was u?ed to cryinp. She was poorly clad. A faded shawl wax wrapped about hf r shoulder*, lind on one of the fingers v( licr bronzed hand fhone an old wedding-ring, worn very thin. " She comes once a week and'aaks for a letter from Frank." said my companion, '• bnt she never gets it." "Who's Frank!" "Well, who can he be? Frank's her boy. All yom'v* got to do is to look at her to know the whole story. It's the oldest one on record. She bore him ; the nursed him ; she wept and ■roved over him ; she poured into him all the blessings of which a mother is capable. She iru'^"' bard till her ringers bled for l.im. Don '} -Tou Xc *" that ? Tbe firrt thing he dnl v" h'n he was able to K*e oal into the world w."' to Krt into &•(?"(*. Then the whole worlu tnracd ?B?iD?' ni?- That i., tbe whole with onV e*<*P*i?r. Th? poor old woman stood by rn.T?- She was getting alone m life, bnt the doubled her work: the tc-ifcil nichtand day ; she hoarded her pennies; ?he denied herself the neces saries of life, but sS? p* money enough to set him ?t liliertvami let him commence oTsr again. He cugfcttn have been the cosa fort and prop of her ?ld age. H? waaot. But she never npbniJed him. All she hungered for was his love. All she askfd of him was to do right Bnf lie never wonld do right. Finally he went awy takine her last dollar. He had to go. H> Hed, in fact. But be told her he was going to reform in a new land, and be'a man and come tack some day and take care of her. And she saw him off, hung on his neck, could not tear her old arms away, you know, became she haasar't anybody in the world but Frank." " WeX he will come back some time r" "No; In*, bones are lying white in the bottom of the Gulf of Mexico. That's where Frank is, and ! the old woman comes regularly to look I for her letter that will never come. You'll see a good deal of the emotional side of life at that wicket, if yoo know how to interpret it."—-Yew Tori WorU 