ANCIENT AND MODERN MIRACLES. TO THE EDITOR. „ Sir— In your issue of last week 'Cos- mopolitan,'' in speaking of Mr. Wood and his healing powers, professes belief in the Scripturalness of the 'healer's' mode of action, and after asserting that Jesus and His disciples belonged to the Society of Essenes; and that the members of this society culti vated the art of mesmerism, he says that ' Mr. Wood passes his hands over the affected parts of his patients in a truly apostolic fashion.' 'Cosmopolitan,' under pretence of sympathy with Mr. Wood, sarcastically sneers at the Divine claims of Jesus of Nazareth. He virtually hints that Jesus and His disciples were expert mesmerists, and that their miracles were wrought by mesmeric power. The assertion that Jesus belonged to a society that practised this art places Him in the position of an impostor ; for Jesus, like His apostles, professed to cast out demons and to perform other miracles by the power of the Holy Ghost, and not by any human or natural power. This is abundantly evidenced in Holy Writ, e.g., Matthew xiL 28, Mark xL 20-26, Luke iv. 14-21, John viii. 14-32, Actsiii. 12, and scores of other passages. It appears to me that we live in an age of 'lying wonders' and lying theories. That Jesus and His disciples belonged to the Society of Essenes is a theory worthy of sceptics and spiritualists ; and to insinuate that the God of Heaven, in the shape of man, was a dexterous mesmerist, performing wonders under the pretence of Divine power, is most daring blasphemy. It is supposed that num bers of Christians, in times of persecution subsequent to the apostolic age, took refuge in the Society of Essenes, and were distin guished for their piety and austere habits. (Vide De Quincey's 'Essay on the Essenes' and other works.) Whether any of the Essenes in past apostolic times, apart from the persecuted Chris tians, who joined their ranks, believe in the resurrection of the body, is a question which need not be touched here ; but it is certain that the members of the Society of Essenes, who lived contemporaneously with Christ, did not believe in the resurrec tion of the body, although they professed belief in the immortality of the soul. Now the very fact that Christ and His Apostles plainly and frequently set forth the doctrine of the resurrection of the body is proof that they could have had no sympathy with a society which taught the very opposite. Just imagine the Son of God and His deciples belonging to a society which gave the lie to one of their most prominent doctrines ! 'Cosmopolitan's' sentiments in regard to mesmeric power remind me of what Alfred Russell Wallace (a standard spiritist author) says in his work on 'Miracles and Modern Spiritualism,' page 207:— 'When Christ cast out devils or evil spirits, he really did so— not merely startle a mad man into momentary quiescence; and the water changed into wine, as well as the bread and fishes continually renewed till 5,000 men were fed, are credible as extreme manifesta tions of a power which is still daily at work among us (spiritualists).' As this statement substantially bears out what ' Cosmopolitan' aas said, it looks as if your correspondent is a bit of a spiritualist. If this be the case, his insidious remark as to Christ and His dis ciples belonging to a society of mesmerists cannot be wondered at. The advent of Mr. Wood in our midst has called forth all sorts of opinions ; and we cannot marvel if some scribes endeavor to propogate the theory that the 'healer' is a modern Christ. To iu- sinuate that Jesus of Nazareth was a mesme rist, and to assert that Mr. Wood in curing diseases by this art imitates Christ is one of those 'doctrines of devils' which the Holy Ghost foretold should characterise the latter days. Now, I have every reason to believe that animal magnetism has much to do with Mr. Wood's mission, as also with the waves of excitement produced in certain religious meetings, where the language of ' converts' too often savors more of Billingsgate and Christy minstrelism than of Calvary. As a Christian I believe that the Divine blessing should be invoked upon whatever means may be employed to mitigate pain or to cure diseases ; but for a man to invest animal mag netism or any other physiological force with a miraculous and religious cnaracter, and to declare himself (excepting one) the only man gifted with miraculous power since the apos tolic age smacks of religious charlatanism, or, to say the least, the pitiable delusions of a fanaticism that has run mad.— I am, &c; , JOHN K. McINTYRE. Baptist Manse, Lyndoch Valley, May 13, 1884. 