SKETCHES IN CORNWALL.: No. V. |By a Wayfarer. 1 Turning our backs on the Lizard Head and wending our way along the top of the . cliffs for about two miles, we reached the summit of a cliff known as the fellow Carn, Then the view of Kynance Cove, which every, body comes to the Lizard to see, burst upon our view, No scene in nature I ever beheld so reminded me of the georgeous vision of Calypso's enchanted isle which Turner limned. It was indeed like some dream landscape, and one almost expected it to fade away. Grand rocks, with their deep huesoi. green and purple all aglow in the sunlight; weird fantastic pin* nacles towering out from the surf that lie3 soft and treacherous at their feet, silvern white sands dazzling in their purity broken up here and there with natural arches of rock that seem like the entrances to some fairy palace—such is Kynance Cove. Nor when one descends the cliffs to obtain a closer view of its beauties is the effect lessened. The caverBSwith their roofs festooned with ferns bewitch one withtheir beauty,and the'tiny rock pools whose crystal depths are bright with colored weeds, and the flash of tiny flsh and pellucid shrimps darting to and fro, are won derfully tempting for delay. But one must not stop if that bluff, rugged islet, known as Asparagus rock, to which the receding tide has left a passage across the sands, is to be visited. The rock, which derives its name from the quantity of wild asparagus which grows on its summit, and makes it charmingly green, is one of the most curious of the many strange sights to beseen on the Cornishcoast. To anyon-3 notknowingthe way to get up, and notgif ted with the sure-footedness of a chamois, the services of the guide usually to be seen haunting the beach at low water, is abso lutely necessary in scaling this rock, For my own part, not being very sure of foot, and|somewhat long of limb, I can only look upon my preservation of soundness of bone at the present moment to his willingly-given services. I know he was sorely tried, but uncomplaining he fitted my somewhat large feet into risky holes; laboriously dragged me up nasty places ; heid me firmly by the legs from below, when my feet slipped, and left me hanging by the hands, with my toes some thirty feet above the sea, and generally acted as my mentor and friend. Once and only once he groaned. I slipped, and came full weight upon his shoulders, nearly precipitating both himself and my own carcass on to the beach below; all he said wa3, "Thou art heavier than I thought, my son." On the top of the island there is little to see, but much to imagine of what might be when the wind is high and the sea rushes in headlong, and in the darkness of the night some homeward bound ship, as many a one has done, is borne irresistibly onward to destruc tion against those rocks that look so fairy like now in the sunshine. Two carious natural phenomena there are, however, on the rock. One is the so-called "Devil's Throat," a tfide tunnel- shaped shaft, the work of no human hands in the very middle of the island. No herbage grows around the spot, and very weird and terrible it looks. No less so is it in reality, for at the bottom coming through some unknown channel roars and rushes the sea, and on stormy days every now and again huge blinding jets of water and yeasty fOEm skoot out into the air, and fall into the sea beyond. Many Is the hapleas shipwrecked sailor who has come in shore thus far on some fragment of wreck, and within sight of the beach has been washed back again to death by the sudden outrush from the Devil's Throat. A similar but somewhat less dange rous hole exists on the rock, and is known as the " Devil's Bellows," The hole in the rock which communicates with the sea is so small at the surface that it is difficult to believe it is through its orifice that the hugs jets of foam which one sees on a rough day are ejected. But so it is, and a remarkablo sight it is to witness from the shore the sudden puffs of spray thrown up sky wards like the splashes from an extremely erratic fountain. ^-^Lcaving Kynance behind the traveller may if he be so mindeu still keep along the coast, making such deiours as may be necessary for rest and the refreshment of the inner man. One of these would assuredly be to Mullion, where there is a fine old typical Cornish church, of which a former rector was Flavcl Thomas, known in his day as an expert layer of ghosts, and yet another to Helstone. This latter place, irredeemably dull, i3 only worth mentioning on account of the curious festival of the " furry," old Cornish for "gathering," held annually on the Sth of May. The origin of this curious custom is lost in antiquity; but it may possibly be as old writers would have us believe, a survival of the Feast of Flora. The "furry," though still observed, has much fallen into decay, the gentlefolks of Helstone no longer joining in it now as formerly. On the day named all the shops are closed and the lads and lassies go early into the fields returning decorated with wreaths of flowers or carrying bunches of them in their hands. They then proceed through the streets headed by some what discordant music, dancing a peculiar rhythmic measure, which is said to be tradi tional. According to custom, the richer inhabi tants leave their hall doors open, and in the en trance place a table on which cakes and ale or wine with other creature comforts are laid out. These are for the refreshment of the dancers, who freely walk in and help them selves, it being a matter of etiquette that no member of the family so visited is visible. Whatever amount of riot and disorder may have formerly accompanied the "furry" it is now a tame affair enough, and is ODly in teresting from an antiquarian point of view, "Within less than a mile of Helstone is the interesting tract of water known as Loe Pool, the largest lake in this part of England, It is fresh water, and abounds in trout. The situation is extremely picturesque, the sur rounding ;hi!is being prettily wooded. The peculiarity of the pool, however, is to be found on the beach to which it extends and and where it is only separated from ihe high water mark of the tide by a narrow ridge of sand. Tne history of the pool undoubtedly is that it is a freshwater basin formed by the gradual accumulation of this ridge of sand which has dammed the stream that formerly flowed into the sea. But the country folk say that the great Cornish giant, Tregeagle, who had so much to do with knocking about the rocks in various parts of the county during the night, formed the Loe Pool one evening. The legend exists in several different versions, but the following is common. He was returning homeward, bearing on his hack a hag of sand, wherewith he designed to sprinkle his kitchen floor. HiB Satanic Majesty, however, happened to be out on the same.errand, and to save himself the trouble of gathering sand for himself, determined to seize Tregeagle's sack, Now the giant was fat, and some what short in the wind, and although he ran ho was no match in speed for the devil. Finding himself beiDg gradually overtaken hemade up his mind, just as he reached the Loe Biver, to throw away the sand rather than allow Satan to have it. He accordingly emptied the sack on to the shore, and thus formed the dam which ever since has blocked the waters of the river. Regularly, however, every winter the water of Loe Pool has to be let out. In that season the rains swell it to such an extent that the surrounding houses are in danger of submersion; the inhabitants, therefore proceed to the house of the Lord of the Manor, and pre senting him with two leathern parses, each containing three halfpennies, they crave his permission to cut through the sandy ridge between the lake and the sea. This is of course granted, and the ridge is cut. Then if the weather he stormy a battle royal en3iiss between the surging tide and the roaring ruBhing water from the lake—the noise being like thunder. The water continues to flow away until in a few weeks the sand is again silted up, and the lake once more assumes its usual placid aspect, The next point of interest is the old town of Marozion, or rather Marghasion, corrupted into its present form and meaning the island mart, although some will have it derived from id arghssje* e or Market Jew. This latter appellation it no dcubt derived from the fact that the tailier smelters of tin who set up their works here were Jews. Although onco a place of some importance, it has now been completely eclipsed by its neighbor, Penzance, and is only of interest as being the starting point for the famous St. Michael's Mount, of which it may well be said that there are few Who know not Michael's mount and chair, the pilgrim's holy Taunt Both land and island twice a day, both fort and port of haunt. There it still rises, a wild romantic island or rather a sea girt hill, the rocks the same as when Phoenician trader? came to buy Cornish tin from the rude and stalwart- savages to bear it away to Carthage» the same as when the lordly benedictine abbots held sway in the monastery that crowned its summit and pilgrims flocked to see the spot where the blessed archangel stood, the same as when the gallant but luck* lessPerkin Warbeckstartedfrom its embattled keep to struggle for a throne to which he had no claim, hut all except the rocks are changed. Legends here are rife. Some would have us believe that in accordance with its ancient Corniah name Caraclowse or Cowse, or the Castle in the Wood, was in early British and Bomandays, and even down to the years of grace 1099, covered by a dense wood> amid which the lordly rock towered, and which was distant from the sea six miles at least. This was the land of Lyonnesse, says the story, where King Arthur met his death. Apart from geological difficulties, however, modern enquiry has shown that the ancient chronicles on whose authority the tale rests are at the best mediaeval forgeries, nor is it consistent with known historical facts. For example, the authority is clear that the rock was much as it is now only to he approached at low tide —when the pious St. Keyne journeyed to visit the spot in 190, and a charter is spoken of, made by Edward the Confessor in 1017, wherein the rock is spoken of as sea girt. Therefore, if the rock was ever in the midst of a wood, the inroad of the sea was much earlier than 1099 a.d. At the conquest the monastry on the rock was affiliated to the abbot of the correspond ing bluff on the opposite coast of Normandy, and the rock remained the abode of monks until the suppression of the monasteries. Even at that time partially a fortress, it then became wholly so until the days of Charles the First, when after its surrender to Colonel Hammond and the Parliamentarians it was dismantled. In Charles the Second's reign it was purchased hy the St. Aubyn's from the Bassets, and in their family it still remains. Of the ancient building hut little now exists, save the hall and the chapel, no w put to secular uses; hut such as it is the mansion is comfortable enough. The ascent to the summit, however, is still marked by em hrazures which prove the stronghold to have been once formidable. St. Michael's Chair, the spot where the Archangel is said to have rested, is a rough and almost inacces sible crag on the west side of the rock. The name, however, is generally applied to the lantern of the castle tower, which is by no means easy of approach, and to get into which is said to confer on husband or wife, whichever may first succeed in sitting in it, the privilege thenceforth of ruling the roast at home. The experiment of getting up ic by no means however to he attempted, except by persons of steady nerve and considerable climbing powers, and it must be remembered that the return is more difficult than the ascent. 