Salvation Converts. MAJOR Barkor and tho Victorian officers of the Salvation Array held a meeting at the Salvation Army Barraoka, at Newtown, May 30. The place was crowded to tho doors, many persons standing. . Several reoont converts related the nooounts of the lives they used to lead boforo thoy "gotBavod," and were frequently intorruptod with loud ôries of "Praiso tho Lord," "Ah," "I'm paved," "YOB," and general olapping of hands. Ono oonvert stated that onoo ho used to bo very fond of " long boers," but ho praieod tho Lord ho was saved now, and if any ono wantod to know anything about him thoy had to go and aBk his wife, Another said that ho " rot moro of tho Holy Ghost" ovory meeting ho wont to, and that ono night ho had got it half-a-dozen timos." Tho noticos of tho future meetings were next road, and after _ thoy wero finished tho " major" christoned au infant, during which a " soldior" hold two salvation army banners over him. Whon ho had finished tho cere mony, he offorod up a prayer for tho future lifo of the ohild, which was froquently interrupted by loud cries of "A-mon," &o.;, &o.;, from tho "soldiers." He thon deliverod a short addroBS, at tho end of which ho said that if tho unemployed of Sydnoy would go to him ho would soon find thom something to do. One speaker said that ho would not ontor a publio-houso for ¿8100,000 beoauso Satan was thoro. Another hymn was then Bung to the tune of " Sweot Chiming Hells." At the CIOBO of tho service a "soldior" offered up a prayor, but his voioo was almost inaudible owiner to tho loud orlos of "Praiso tho Lord," "I've gotit," "I'm saved," " Como to-night," &o.;, &o.; Some members of tho army on tho gallery wore worked up to suoh a pitch that thoy had to stand up and shout to the top of their voicos to relievo themselves, siampou the floor, and clap thoir hands. " Iffext month is going to bo a dry ono," remarked a oonvivial f ellow to a oompanion. "How can you tell?" asked tha dependent friend. " My money hos all gone," waa tho glum reply. At the Walor Polioo Court last Monday, a man named John Byo was ohargod with embezzling tho BUM of ¿888 from tho National Mutual Lifo Associa tion of Australia. Dotootivoa Willmot and Cooking hold the warrant, and prayed for a romand to Balranald. Doteotivo Cooking gave ovidonoo that the offonoe had been committed in Balranald, and that tho accused went to Victoria, whither a warrant was sont for his apprehension. Ho had in tho moantimo, howovor, roturned to balranald, where he was arrosted, and remanded to Sydnoy. Tho accused admitted that ho waa tho porson intondod in tho warrant. The present prayor for remand was made on tho ground that all witnosaos on both sidos prosecution and dofonoe-reside ia Balranald. Mr. Johnson grantod the remand. Among tho young athletes who aro so worthily upholding the honour of Now Zealand in tho football field is a truo son of her soil, Taiaroa. This brilliant voting player, who may be considered ono of tho best quarter backs in thecolonios, is a son of Taiaroa, the Maori M.H.R. for tho district of Otago. With a fine turn of Bpood, ho plays with groat détermina tion j atd,although ho has had his oollar-bono broken twioe in the football field, this docs not soem in tho least to affect hia nervo. Ho is of lino Physique, 5ft 10m in height, and weighs last 91b. Taiaria was educated in tho High Bohool, Dunedin, from whence ho obtained hie attach ment for ono of England's oldeBt a manliest of games. Ho lately left thia establishment with a fair scholas tic record, and is now sorving articles as a solioitor » the offloe of the Hon. Robert Stout, one time ^roster for Justice for New Zealand. The intel leotoal aptitude of his raise is thus worthily shown in 