TALIS Mm 8&STSHE;& JUDITH SHAKSPEARE : HER LOVE AFFAiRS AND OTHER ADVENTURES- By WILLIAM BLACK, Author of "Maclkod of Daub," "Siiandon Bells," " In Bilk Am he," &e;,, &c.; CitArTEU XII.— Divided Wats. Some few weeks passed quite uneventfully, bringing them to the end of Juno ; and then it was that Mistress Hathaway chanced to send a message into the town that slio would havo her granddaughter Judith como over to see her roses, of which there was a great show iu tho garden. Judith was nothing loth ; she felt she had somewhat neglected tho old dame of late ; nnd bo, one morning — or rather one ibid' day it was, for tho family had but finished dinner — found hor iu lier own room, before her mirror, busy with an out-of-door toilotto, with Prudence sitting patiently by. Judith seemed Well content with hcrsolf and with affairs in general on this warm summor day ; now she spoke to Prudence, again slio idly sang a scrap oi Homo familiar song, while tho work of adorn ment went on apace. . "ut why such bravery, Judith 1" lier friend said, witli a quiet smile. " Why should you take Buch heed about a walk through tho Ileitis to Shottery " "Truly I know not," said Judith, care lessly j" but well I wot my grandmother will grumblo. If I nm soberly dressed, bIio says I 8W ' 'Sloven, and will never win mo a husband; and if I am pranked out, slio says I am vain "li fv'ffhten away the young mon with my pride. In Heayen's name, let them go, say I; f ran do oxcolleut well without them. What mink you of tho cap, good Prue ? 'Twos but fromWOTwifilD"hCdit5 nuJ tho bca,la 1 ,md wMh--t00k an<1 r02anJed H, humming tho Jeea,r,',r.J"an' ,ay' V Joa"' will not that do! wmiot uutno every Jay to woo, Is t nut a pretty cap, good gossip «ni't -"?.Q.knuw tlmt Bho blight to despiso lier f„rn"!I,t!,WhliU tru,y woiro a snaro to cr, for she liked to look at Judith when sho WM dressojl as sho was now, nnd sho forgot to condemn these pretty colors. On this occasion veil vWt' olaJ in a Gwn of light gray or ? bgg ; With n petticoat of palo bldo AbMs'rMoncff0''11 arrln'<m"mU with the auVbtr taffeta, olahorately quilted with her own handi work tho small ruff sho wore, which was open in front nnd partly showud her neck, was snow-white' 'and stiffly starched; and sho was now engaged in puttiug on her soft brown hair this cap of grey velvet, adorned with two rows of brass bonds, and with a bit of curling fcathor at tho side of it. Prudence's eyes wero pleased, if her conscience biido her disapprove ; nay, sometimes she had to confess that at hoart slio was proud to see hor doar gossip wear such pretty things, for that Bhe became them bo well. "Judith," said sho, "shall I tell you what I lienrd your father say of you last night ? He was talking to Julius ; and tho.y wero speaking of this one and that, and how thoy did ; and when you wero mentioned ' Oh, yes,' sayB your father, 'tbo wencli louks bravely well ; 'tis a pity sho cannot sell the painting oi her cheeks ; there may bo many a dame at tho court would buy it off her for a goodly sum.' " J nditli gnvo a quick, short iaugli ; this was music in hor oars — coming fioiu whence it did. "But, Judith," said her friend, with a gravo inquiry in her face, " what is't that you havo dono to Tom Quinoy, that he come3 no longer near the honso— nay, he will avoid you when ho happens to see you abroad, for that I havo observed myself, and more than once? What is tho matter ? How have you oilcuded him ?" " What have I dono ?" sho said ; aud thoro was a swift nnd angry color in hor face. " Let him ask what his own ovil imaginings have dono. Not that I oaro, in good sooth." " But what is it, Judith ? There must be a reason." " Why," said Judith, turning indignantly to hor, "you remember, sweetheart, the Sunday morning that Mrs. Pike's littlo hoy was taken ill, and you wero sent for, and did not como to church ? — well, I had gouo along to the church yard to seek you, and W03 waiting for you, when who must needs make his appearance hut the worthy Master Blaise — nay, hut I told you, good Pruo, the honor he would put upon me ; and thank heaven he hath not returned to it, nor spoken to my father yet, as far as I can learn. Then, when thogoodparson'sscrmonwasovcr — body o' me, he lot mo know right sharply I was no saint; though a saint I might become, no doubt, woro I to tako hira for my master — as I say, the leoturo lie gavo mo was over,- and we wore walking to the church door, when who should como by but Mastor Quinoy nnd soiuo of the others. Oh, well I know my gentleman! The instant ho clappod eyes on me, ho sus pected there had been a planned meeting ; I could see it well ; aud off ho goes iu high dudgeon, aud not a word nor a look — boforo tho others, mind you, bofore tho others, good Prue ; that was the slight lie pat upon me ; marry, I caro not ! — whither ho has gone there ho may stay !" Sho spoke rapidly and with warmth ; dospito the seorn that was in her voice it was clear that that public slight had touched her deeply. " Nay, Judith," Enid her gentle companion, " 'twere surely a world of pity you should let an old friend go a way like that — through a mischnnco merely " "An old friend?" said she. "I want nono of such friends, that have ill thoughts of you ere yon can speak 1 Let him choose bis friends elsewhere, say I ; let him keep to his tapsters and his ale house wenches ; there he will have enough of ploasnre, I doubt not, till his head bo broke iu a brawl some uight !" Then something seemed to occur to her. All at once she threw aside the bit of ril boil she had in lier fingers ; and droppod on her knee before her friend; andseized hold of Prudence's hands. " I beseech yonr pardon, sweet Prue ! — indeed, indeed, I knew not what I said — they were but idle words — good mouse, I pray you head them not ! Ho may have reasons for distrusting me ; and in truth I complain not ; 'tis a small matter ; but I would not have you think ill of him through theso idle words of mino ! Nay, nay, they tell me he is sober and diligent; that his business prospers ; that lie makes many friends', and tlmt young men regard him as tho chief of theiu, whether it bo at merriment or aught else." " I am right glad to hear you speak so of tho young man, Judith," Prudeuce said, in hor gentle way, and yet mildly wondering at this sudden change of tone. " If lie has dis pleased yon, be sure lie will be sorry for it when ho knows the truth." " Nay, nay, sweet mouse," Judith Eatd, ris ing, nnd resuming her careless manner, as she picked up the ribbou sho had thrown aside. " "d'is of no moment. I wish tho young man well. I pray you speak to none of that I have told you ; perchance 'twas but an accident, nnd he moant no slight at all ; nnd then — and then," sho added, with a kind of laugh, " as the good parson seems determined that willy- nilly I must wed him nnd help him ill his charge of souls, that were a good ending, sweet Pruo Sho was now all equipped for setting forth, even to tho feather fau that hung from her girdle by a Btnall sliver cord. " But I know he hath not spoken to my father yet, else I should have heard of it, in Jest or otherwise. Como, mouse, shall wo go ; or tho good dtuue will have a scolding for us." Indeed this chanco reference to tho slight put upon hor in the churchyard conned to havo loft no sting behind it. Bho was laughing as she wont down tho stair, ut some odd saying of Boss Hall's that her father had got hold of, Whon thoy went outside, slio linked her arm within that of lier friend ; mul nodded to this or tho other passer-by ; and hud a merry or a pleasant word for thorn, accordingly as they greeted iier. And Orcon alcoves was oil my joy, fir ecu sleeves was my JellgLC camo naturally into hor idle brain ; for the day seemed a fit one for holiday making ; the skies wcro clear, with large whito clouds moving slowly across the blue, and thero was a fair west wind to stir the loaves of tho trees and tho bushes, and to touch warmly and softly her pink- hued cheek and pearly licelc. " Ah, me," said Bho, Iu mock desolation, "why should ono go nowadays to Bliottery ? What use is in't, sweet Prue, when all the magic nnd ciiticomcnt is gone from it ? Afore- timo I had tho chanco of meeting with so gracious a young gentleman, that brought news of tho King's court, and spoka so soft you would think tho cuckoo in tho woods was still to listen. That were something to expect when ono had walked so for— tho apparition — a trembling interview — and then so civil and Bwoot a farewell 1 But now ho is gono away I know not whither ; and ho has forgotten that over ho lodged in a farm house, Tike a king consorting with shepherds, nnd doubtless he will not seok to roturu. Well " "You havo never lienrd of liiin Bince, Judith ?" lier friend said, with a rapid look. "Alas, no !" she said, in the same simulated vein. " And sometimes I ask myself whether there over was such a youth — whether the world ever did produce such a courtly gentle man, such a paragon, such a marvel of cour tesy — or was it not but n trick of tho villain wizard. Think of it, good Pruo— to have been walking and talking with a ghost, with a thing of air — nnd that twice, too : is't not enough to chill the marrow in your bones? Well, I would that all ghosts wero as gentlo and mannerly — thoro would be loss fear of them among tho Warwickshire wenches. But (lo you know, good Prue," she said, suddenly altering hor tone into something of eagerness, "thero is a matter of more moment than ghosts that concerns us now ? By this time, or I am mistaken quite, thero must be n goodly bulk of the new play lying in tho oaken chest; aud again and again have I tried to see whether I might dare to carry away some of tho sheets ; but always tlicro was some one to hinder. My father, you know, lias been much in the summer house since tho business of tho new twenty acres was settled ; and then again, when by ohauce he lias gone away with the bailiff somewhere, and I have had my eyo on tho place, there was goodman Matthew on the watch, or else a maid would come by to gather a dish of green gooseberries for the baking, or Susan would have me souk out a ripo raspberry or two for the child, or my mother would call to me from the brew- honsc. But 'tis there, Prue, be sure ; nnd thero will como a chance, I warrant, I will outwit the ancient Matthew " "Do you never bethink you, Judith, what your father would say were ho to discover ?" her friend said, glancing at her as they walked along tho highway. Judith laughed, but with some heightened color. " My father ?' said site. " Truly, if he alone were to discover, I should have eaRy penance. Were it between himself aud me, incthiuks there were no great harm done ; a daughter may fairly seek to know the means that has gained for her father the commendation of so many of thogreatpeop!e,aud plncedhiminsuch good estate in his own town. Marry, I fear not my father's knowing, were I to confess to himself, but as forthoothers — werot'ney tolearn it — my mother, and Busati, and Dr. Hull, and tbe pious Master Walter — I trow there might be some stormy weather abroad ! At all events, good Pruo, in any auch mischance, you shall not suffer; 'tis I that will bear the blame, and all the blame ; for indeed I forced you to it, sweet mouse ; aud you are as innocent of the wickedness as though you had ne'er been horn." Aud now they wero just about to leave tho main road for the footpath leading to Shottery when they heard the sound of somo one coming along on horseback ; and, turning for a second, they found it was young Tom Quinoy, who was oil a smart galloway nag, and coming at a goodly pace. As lie passed them, ho took off hie cap and lowered it with formal Courtesy. " Give ye good day !" said he ; hut lie scarcely looked at them'; nor did he pull up for further talk or greeting. " Wo are in such hasto to be rich now-a- days," said Judith, with a touch of seorn in lier voice, as the two maidens set forth to walk through the meadows, " that we have scarce time to bo civil to our friends. But she bore away no ill-will ; tho day was too fine for that. The soft west wind was tempering the heat and stirring the leaves of the elms ; red and white wild roses were sprinkled among the dark green of the hedges ; there was a perfumo of eider blossom in the air ; and perhaps, also, a faint scent of hay, for in the distance they could seo the mowers at work among tho clover, and could see the long sweep of the scythe. Tho sun lay warm on the grass ami the wild ilowers around them ; there was a perfect silence hut for the singing of the birds ; aud now and again tiiey could see one of tho mowers eeaso from his work, and a soft clicking sound told them that lie was sharpening the long, curving blade. They did not walk quickly ; it was an idle day. Presently souie one came up bciiiud them and overtook tliern ; it was young Muster Quiney, who _ seemed to have changed his mind, aud was now on foot. "You aro going over to Shottory, Pru dence?" said ho. Prudeuce flushed uneasily ; why should he address lier, and have no word for Judith ? " Ycb," said she. "Mistress ltuthaway would havo us soo her roses ; she is right proud of them this year." " "l'is a good year for roses," said he, in a matter of-/act way, nnd ns if thero were no restraint at all on any of tho party. And then it seemed to occur to him that lie ought to account for His presence. " I guessed you wero going to Shottery," said lie, indifferently, and still addressing him self exclusively to Prudenco ; " and I got a lad to tuko on the nag and meet me at tho cross road ; the short cut through tho meadows is pleasant walking. To Mistre-s Hatiiaway's said you ? I dure promise you will be pleased with the show ; thero never was such a year for roses ; nnd uotu touch of blight anywhere, as I have heard. And a fine season for the crops, too ; just such weather as tho farmers might pray for ; look at that fioid of ryo over there now — is't not a goodly sight J" Ho was talking with much appearance of self-possession ; it was Prudence who was embarrassed. As for Judith, sliupaid no heed; Bho was looking before her at tho hedges and the elms, at tho wild llowers around, and at the field of bearded rye, that bent iu rustliug groy.grccu undulations beforo tho westerly breeze. "And how does your brother, rrudenco?" he continued. " ' 'l'is well for liiiu his business goes on from year to year without respect of the seasons ; iio can sleep o' nighti without thinking ut tho weather. It is the common report that tho others of tho Town Council hold him in great regard, and will havo him become uldermaii ere long ; is it nut so "1 have heard Bomo talk of it," Prudence said, with her oyes cast down. At this moment they happened to he pas sing noxne patches of the common mallow, that wero growing by the side of tho path ; and the tall and handsome youth who was walking with tho two girls (but who never onco let his oyes stray in the dircation of Judith) stooped down and pulled ono of tho brightest clusters of the palo lilac blossoms, " You havo no llowcr in your dress, Prudence," snid he, offering them to her. " Nay, I caro not to wear thorn," said nhe ; and she would rather have declined them ; but as he still offered them to her, how could she help accepting them aud carrying them in hor hand ? And then, in desperation, sho turned aud addressed the perfectly Bilent and impassive Judith. "Judith," said she, "you might have brought tho mastiff with you for a run." " Truly I might, sweetheart," said Judith, cheerfully, "but that my grandmother likes him not in the garden ; his ways are over rough." " Now that reminds me," said he, qnickly (but always addressing Prudence), "of the little spaniel gentlo that I have. Do you know the dog, Prudence ? 'Tis accounted a great beauty ; and of the true Maltese breed. Will yon accept him from me? Iu truth I will Hold it a favor if you will tako the little creature." " I?" said Prudenco, with much amazement; for she had somehow vaguely heard that the dog had been purchased and brought to Strat ford fur the very purpose of being presented to J uditb. " I assure you 'tis just snob an one as would make a pleasant companion for you," Baid ho; "a gentlo creature ns ever was; and affec tionate too ; a most pleasant and frolicsomo playfellow. Will you take it, Prudence ? — for what can I do with the littlo beast ? — I have no one to look after it." " I had thought you meant J udith to have the spaniel," said she simply. "Nay, how would that do, sweetheart?" said Judith calmly. " Do you think the Don would brook such invasion of His domain ? Would you have tho little thing killed ? You should take it, good cousin ; 'twill be company for you Bhonld you be aione in the house." Sho Had spoken quite as if she had been en gaged in the conversation all tho way through; there was no appearance of anger or resent- meut at his ostentatious ignoring of her pres ence ; whatever she felt she was too proud to show. " Then you will tako the dog, Prudence," said he. " I know I could not give it into gentler hands, for you could not but show it kindness, as you show to all." " Give yc good thanks," said Prudence, with her pale face Hushing with renewed embarrass ment, "for the offer of the gift ; but in trutli I doubt if it be right nnd seemly to waste such care on a dumb animal when there be so many of our fellow creatures that havo more pressing claims on us. And there are enough of tempt ations to itllenc33 without our wilfully adding to them. But I tliank yon for the intention of your kindness— indeed I do." "Nay, now, you shall havo it, good Pru denco, whether you will or no," said ho, with a laugh. " You shall bear with the little dog but for a week, that I beg of yon ; and then if it please you not ; if vuu find no amuse ment in its tricks aud antics I will take it back agaiu, "l'is a bargain ; but as to your sending of it back, I have no fears ; I warrant you 'twill overcame your scruples, for 'tis a most cunning and crafty playfellow and merry withal ; nor will it hinder yon from being ns kind and helpful to those around you as yon have ever been. I envy tbe dog that is to have so gentle a guardian." They were now come to a parting of tho ways ; and he said ho would turn off to the left, so as to reach the lane ut the end of which his nag was awaiting liim. " And wii.it your leave, Prudence," said lie, "I will bring the little spaniel to your houso this evening— for I am only going now as far as Bidford : and if your brother be at home, he may have half an hour to spare, that we may have a chat about the Corporation, and the new ordinances they propose to make. And so fare you well, and good wishes go with you !" And with that he departed, and was soon out of sight. " Oil, Judith," Prudenco exclaimed, almost melting into tears, " my heart is heavy to see it !" " What, then, goud cousin!" Baid Judith, lightly. "The quarrel — — " " The quarrel, dear heart-! Think of no such thing. In sober truth, dear Prudence, I would not have matters other tliau they are ; I would not ; I nm well content ; and as for Master Quinoy, is not he improved? Did ever mortal hear him speak so fair before ? Marry, he hath been learning good manners, and pro fited well ! But there it is : you are so gentlo, sweetheart, that everyone, no matter who, must find you good company ; while I am fractions, aud ill to bear with ;and do I marvel to see any ouo prefer your smooth ways and even disposition ? And when he comes to night, heed you, you must thank him right civilly for bringing you the little spaniel ; 'tis a great favor ; the dog is cue of value that many would prize " " I cannot take it — I will not have it ! 'Twos meant for yon, Judith, as well you know," the other cried, in real distress. " But you mutt and shall accept the gift !" her friend said, with decision. " Ay, ami show yourself grateful for his having singled you out witliai. Neither himself nor his spaniel would go long a-begging in Stratford, I war rant you ; give hi in friendly welcome, sweet heart." " Ho went away without a word to you, Judith !" . " I am content." " But why should it bo thus !" Prudence said, almost piteously. ' Why ? Dear mouse, I havo told yon ! He and I never did agree ; 'twos ever some thing wrong ou one side or tho other; aud wherefore should not ho look around for a gentler companion ? .'Twerea wonder should he do might clso ; and now he lmtli shown more wisdom than ever I laid to his credit," " But tho ungraciousness of his going, Judith " said tho gentle Prudence, who could iu no wise understand the apparent cool ness with which Judith eeemod to regard tho desperate tiling that had taken place, "Heaven have mercy, why should that trouble you, if it harm not mo?" was tho instant answer. " My spirits are not liko to be diuhed down for want of a ' fare-you-well ;' in good sooth lie had given you so much of his courtesy and fair speeches that perchance Ho had none to sparo for others !" By this timo they wero come to the littlo wooden gate leadiug into the garden ; and it was no wonder tiioy should pauso in paising through that to regard the bewildering aud glowing luxuriance of foliage and blossom, though this was hut a cottago enclosure, and none of tho largest. The air seemed filled with tho perfumo of thiB summer abundance ; aud the clear Bunlight shone on the various mosses of color— roses red and white, pansies, snapdragon, none so pretty, sweet-williams of every kind, t.o Bay nothing of the clustering honeysuckle that surrounded the cottago door. t worth the trouble, sweetheart?" Judith said. " Indeed tho good dauio does well to be proud of &uch; a pageant," As she spoke her grandmother suddenly made her appearance, glancing sharply from one to the other of them, "Welcome, child, welcome, "she said, "and to you, sweet Mistress Shawe." And yet she did not ask them to enter tho cottage ; there was somo kind of hesitation' about the old damc'f maimer that wua un usual, " Well, grandmother," said Judith, gaily, "have you uo grumbling? My cap I made inyseli ; then must it be out of the fashion. Or I did not make it myself ; then must it havo cost a mint of money. Or what say you to my petticoat — does not the color offend you? Shall I ever attain to tho pleasing of you, think you, good grandmother?" " Wench, wench, hold your peace I" the old dame said, in a lower voice, " There is one within that may not like the noise of Btrangers —though he be no stranger to you, as ho says " " What, grandmother ?" Judith exclaimed — and involuntarily she shrank back a little, so startled was she. " A stranger ? In the cottage ? YotTdo not mean the young gentle man that is in hiding — that I met in the lane " "The same, Judith, the same," she said,' quickly, " and I know not whether he would wish to be seen by more ibau needs be " Sho glanced at Judith, who understood : moreover, the latter hud pulled together her courage agaiu, " Have no fear, good grandmother," said she ; and she turned to Prudeuce : " You hear, good Prue, who is within " " Yes," the other answered, but somewhat' breathless. " Now, then, is such an opportunity as may ne'er occur again," Judith said. "You will come with me, good Prue? Nay but you must !" " Indeed I shall not !" Prudence exclaimed, stepping back in affright. u Not for worlds, Judith, would I have aught to do with such -a thing! And you, Judith, for my sake, come away ! We will go back to Stratford !— we will look at the garden some other time ! — in truth X can seo your grandmother is of my mind too. Judith, for tiie love of me, come!— let ua get away from this place !" Judith regarded her with a strange kind of smile. " I have had such courtesy and fair man ners shown mc to day, sweet Prue," said she, with a sort of gracious calmness, " that I am fain to seek elsewhere for 60tne other treat ment, lest I should grow vain. Will it pleas© you wait for me in the garden, then ? Grand mother, I am going in with you to help you give your guest good welcome." " Judith?" the terrified Prudence exclaimed, in a kind of despair. But Judith, with her head erect, nnd with a perfect nnd proud self-possession, had followed her grandmother into the house. 