Facts, Pun, and Fancy. Hoad-quartors—-A pillow. Spring goods—Minorai waters. A conn tor ûl—A roady-made suit.' L ■ A handbill—An account for gloves. Floating debt—An unpaid-for yaclifc. 1 Joining tbo shakors—Getting the aguo. I ■, Tranco-action—Walking in your sloep. T. I Musical—Children, for the'major part, ciy iu minor tones, " ïako it easy," as - tbo' mivso' said when sho gave tbo child a pill. A pauper's son ought to mako a good balloonist, for ho is an hoir-o'-naught. Russian Empire only contains as many newspapers as New, York city —G25. The Bank of England has just opened ft reading and eating room for its clerks. Forty-five thousand books aro added yearly to the French National Library. The roason thoy call thora sewing bees is., , bee-cause they buzz sow about everybody. Sunday closing in the United Kingdom a decroaso of drunkenness; ^ . Chicago has decided to pave every sti cot: in the business portion of the city with gran " -^10_rich," slid a Jew, " oat venison bo-,r, cause it ish door ; I oat mutton because it ish sheep." Seoing is not always believing. Thoro ' are many men you can see, and yet' noti;! behove. Otio million boxes of matches are produced'1 daily by 0120 mucbizio ia uso afc fi factory íiió öweedeu. Cincinnati, with its population óf 280,000, ' , lias loss than 14,000, membors of evangelical ■ churches. - ' When a girl lias'lost her spirits she ' doesn't stand a ghost of a chance. No :orio " can re-speotro. i ■ During the last two years.nearly 100;'1 corpses liavo boon fished out of the ¡Regent's, Canal, London. Tho National Debt of thoUnitod States do creased in July 8,093,289 dollars out of 1,440,060,496 dollars. Since 18G1 forty millions sterling have ' been placed in the:General Post Office Sav ings Bank of England.. . Tho different shooting clubs of England - have, in five years purchased 897,000 pigeons. - for sport, at a cost .£80,201 The Prince of Wales dosires that Atis •tralia should occupy on o largo oonrfc at tho ; Colonial Exhibition of 1880. • A company in Connecticut manufactures ' ' noarly;all the, liquorice used in tho United States, 17,000,000 lbs. a year. Out of 80,000,000 people in Japan only 10,050 are paupers, and of theso more than . 1000 aro in tho workhouse at Tokio. In Swceden, it is said, there is a law talc-, iug away tho right of suffrago from every man. who lias'beeii drunk throe times. _Ejglity-ono dozen of eggs given to a minister in Illinois, as a " donation visit,'" ,is called " lay activity." . A young lady writes : " I send you apoera" for your Poet's Comer." All right. The 'poet scorne.r has receivod.and dioposed of,it.„ Nearly every man tells his wife thero is, another man in town who resemblos him, and who is frequently seen coming out of saloon Sí. .-^r, Howe* of "America, in his report* on ' idiocy, says that tho habits of the parents of' 300 of the idiots being ascertained; 145 proved to be habitual drunkards. In caso of an emergency the fire depart ment of Boston hftB located in different parts óf the city 288-rosorvoirs, each con- ; taining from 800. to 500 gallons of water. • • .A poet, hath, remarked that *" All- patlisr ■ lead to tho grave." He undoubtedly refer-1 red to allopaths and homcoopaths and hy dropaths, and the rost of the M.D. paths. . The highest tenement house in Now York ;city is fifteen stories high, and mea sures 200ft. from the tower to the ground. .It will,accommodate thirty-eight families.- ■ - Teacher—" Suppose that you liavo- two* sticks of candy and your big brother givos you two more, how in any have you got then ?"—Littlo boy (shaking his head) : "You don't know him ho ain't that kind " of a boy." Why didn't I kill" somebody ?" thought' a conviot, as he entered the Massachusetts state prison to servo out a ton years'sentence lor hen-stealing side by side with a man sentenced for five years for causing tho death ; of his wife, * ■ The highest railway in the world is now boing constructed at Pike's Creek, Col. It ' Will reach an altitude of 14,220 feet above. < ! the level 'of tho soa. Out of 800 miles of track.there will, bo no straight track longer than 300 foet.' . "Clara,I love but thoo alono. Indeed, I '> speak tho truth.'' lie paused—tho blush '' o'orsbread her clicek. She let lier draw her near. _ Scarco for emotion could she, speak, .yet still she asks in accouts meek,," How much have you a year ?" . .. The Goulbum Herald, in a leading article on tho. retirement of Sir Henry Parlces, says -" Let us bo just to onr public men. , The aims of (his one were high ; his efforts, somewhat marred at times by egotism, well directed ; his industry marvellous ; his cour age indomitable ; his patriotism undoubted'; his public life, despite adverse influences, ¡pure. ' The impress of his mind is on onr statute-book; if it has ceased to be on our political lile, it is not his fault but our mis-, fortuno." 