S.ECOTOTh OF MTrELBOURNJ? ,. (llv 'I'n Oi'osT.) The Legislative Council has at last dis posed of tho Mining on Private Property Bill, and sent the ineasure to the Lower lionse, which if it be wise, will al?ept the lialf-loaf rather thian to continue to go without any bread at all as it has done for the last 30 years. But then the Assembly is not ilways wise, and there is the chance that. alterations may be made in which " their Lordships" will not concur, and that the past history of the bill may repeat itself and end in the waste-paper basket, where it will join its 26 predecessors "lost and gone before it." In the Assembly, Mr. Miramis's fad of leasing all the unnalienated land still re maining in Victoria has received its quietus, after a tedious and unprofitable amount of talk that caused most honour able members to experience a sense of wearinqss in comparison with which Mariana's feelings in the imoated grange nmisthave been obstreperously lively. lint tihe flood of talk still rmns mnuddily along, showing but small signs of diminution, and unless checked by the Premier promises, like the laureate's munch-quoted river, to " go on for ever." Tile measure is now in committee, where, at its present rate of progress, it is likely to remain for a con siderable time to come, for the chairman in his everyday garb, .sitting at the head of the table, is a far less imposing personage than the bewigged and begowned Speaker, and his frequent calls to order have not the same effect on the rowdy members of "the people's chamber" as the voice of Mr. Lalor in enforcing decorum in debate. If the Ministry keep their team up to the collar, there is a chance of their Lanud Bill being made law about Christmas time. But if they do not hold a tight rein, the Greek Kalends is the most appropriate date to give for the passing of the " Magnus opus" of the session. For the Land Bill has been promoted to the first rank of the sessional measures vice the Railway Bill, deposed from the pride of place it once occupied, and the Local Option Bill shelved until a more con venient season, This last piece of legisla tion is a very lion in the pathway of the Government, and will prove when it comes on for discussion one of the most flaming of burning questions. There is sure to be on the matter a triangular dual in which those who go in for improving the publican out of existence, those who desire to effect a reformation of a milder character, and those who desire to leave things as thef are will be the principals, mand as between even two stools there is a chance of grief, so between' three tie. chainces are very much enhanced, and Mr. Service, knowing this, is anxious to pursue a Gladstonian do nothing attitude, in which he opines safety lies. All the promised social legislation is also to go by the board. The "larrikins" are to be respected for another twelvemonth, and the uoo ality of Collins-street to remain for tie present undisturbed. Does all this postponement of law-making mean noth ing? Or do Mr. Service and Iris strong Government foresee their doom,and with the fear of dissolution at no distant date before their eyes, act upon the axiom alirs nsous lo deluge ? The Ministry, however, show no disposition to precipitate the catastrophe. On the contrary, they display as anxiety to make things smooth, which is, to say the least of it, very undignified. Who, for instance, under responsible govern ment, ever heard of Ministers journeying into the country to appear on tihe platform of a meeting convened by a niember of the Opposition in order to " explain" and ex press the willingness of the Government to make '"any'concessions demanded" in an important bill ? Or where can another in stance be found of a Chief Secretary writ ing to the chairman of a public meeting, informing him in the politest of terms and mildest of laigua'ge that the views he held in regard to tlhe policy of the Govern ment were mistaken ones, and that himself and his colleagues were really the 5'trsu friends of the people," despite all thleir opponents could say about them. Yet this has been doned. How sweet place and pay must be in order to induce politicians to be guilty of such meanness I How is it done ? This is the question everyone is propound ing, and to which no one appears able to Iivo a satisfactory reply. Mr. Bent has juit purchased a palatial residence with some 40 acres of garden for the sum of £12,000 cash, Not a dozen years ago the honourable gentleman was rate collector in' Brighton at a salary of £200 per annuam. Since then it is true lie has received his monthly cheque for .£25 as a member of the Legislature, and hbas for two short periods been a Ministerof the Crown with asalary of £1500 perannumu. His wealth cannot hlave been made out of the contract for furliish ing-ballast for tile hBrighton Railway, for tlhat was " exclusively Mrs. Bent's specula tion," undertaken of course without the sanction or knowledge of her husband,then Commissioner of Railways. Nor can it have been the money made out of what is historically known as "tthe Kensington Hill" job. Certain it is, too, that the pro duction of cabbages, the occupation affected by Mr. Bent, when not engaged in the business of the State, is not a Pactolus. And hence the query-yet unanswered How is it done ? There is evidently a royal road to wealth, known only to the iniitiated legislator. When some colonial Pepys takes to por traying "ye manners and customs of ye Victorians in 1884," lie will doubtless place on record the fact that in that year of grace a number of publicans, in meeting assembled, seriously warned the police au thoritics that in future "they intended strictly observing the law in regard to Sunday trading." The next thing we may expect to hear is that the pickpockets of Melbourne will notify to the detectives that in future 'they intend to live as res pectable members of society. The honeymoon-if the term may on so improper an occasion be properly used of the gallant captain of the Salvation Army and the Hallelujah lase who eloped from New Zealand was much of the nature of that of the donkey's gallop, which is said to be "short and sweet." On arrival of the "happy pair" the young lady was seized and escorted to the house of a ielative, and the gay Lothario, who had been "isolated" during the voyage, "placed under arrest," and left to ruminate upon the truth of tlfe pi'overb anent the many slips that occur between the cup and the lip. His wife has now arrived in Victoria, and this may perhaps account for the fact that the "major" has shown sincere signs of repentance, and has vowed never again even to look at i, pretty Hallelujah lass. Is it not somewhat strange that there should be so many eager applicants for the oflico of finisher of the law ? No less than three applications for the position of hang man were received as soon as it became known that Colonel Rode, the Sheriff, had reported Upjohn for inefficiency. It is not, perhaps, so much the six shillings a day the incumbent of the ofico receives, as the honour of becoming a Government oflicial that tempts aspirants to come forward. " Jauo Shore," a drama in which history is defied by the author, still liolds the boards at the Royal, with bMiss Genevieve Ward in the title e'ole. " The dresses by Worth of Paris" are doubtless the source of attraction to the ladies who attend the performance. ., In regard to the sterner portion of the audience, it is difficult to find wherein for them the charm of the play resides. At the Princess the interest in Godfrey's comedy of the Parvenu is increasing nightly, and the piece appears set for a good run. At the Bijou Miss Emelie Melvillo 'im opera-bouffe marches from success to success, while at the opern Mr. Henry Irving is preducing Ihoceo, and Juliet to appreciative iqudinces. Chiarini's circus takes its hcepmirture early next weekh August 80. According to the special organ of the In ternational African Association, Prince Bismarck's idea of settling the Congo question by a congress of representatives of the Powers who have established interests in Central Africa is capable of realisation. The solution to be arrived at is the con stitution of a Central African neutral and independent State, under the protection of the African Assooeation. In both Germany and Austria paper si now being extensively used for the manu facture of bottles. On July 12, the Prince and Princess of Wales laid the memorial stone of a granite bridge intended to supersede the wooden one which has spanned the Thames at Putney since 1729. 