A MIDNIGHT ADVENTURE. (Argonaut.) Anothbe man and I wero walking slowly down Broadway last night, shortly after 11 o'olock, when a stocky and heavily- built woman stepped directly in our path and ttccosted us ia alow voice. It wuBJust abovo Ihirty-sixth-atroet, and directly opposite the excavations of itarle's new noiei. xne nigno was uura, ana cue groat thoroughfaro almost dosertcd. There were five hundred Btreet-wulkors abroad, and we sup poBiid the woman was ono of them ; so we utepped aside without ceasing to talk. As I passed her she grabbed my arm ami said : ' Wait ono minute, please ; I want to speak to you.1 'Not to-night. Don't grab my sleeve that way.' ? Don't you know me, air ?' said the girl, hur riedly. '1 know you aa noon as I aeon yer comin' along.' I looked moro closely at her face, and recog nised a servant girl — aohambermaid — who had been employed for a short timo in tho houso of a friond of mine in Twonty-fifth-Btreet, nearly three yours before. She was then engaged to u soldier, who was garrisoned at Fort Hamilton, and wa3 vory proud of hor lovor. He called on her whonover he could get leave, in terrifio etyie — unilorm, waxed moustache, boar's groat o, and eo on. He only received thirteen dollaia a month und his board, but ho had all tho wild isetincts of a Spanish cavalier. After he had captured tho girl's affections he ruined hor. bhe grew wor-o and worse, until she was discharged from herservicein Twenty fifth-street. Sho wont to Fort Hamilton to seo hor lovor, und then drifted on tho town. When I firbt bun her she was buxom and plump Ho faco was pleasant, and hor eyos and teeth bright. ? There was plenty of colour in her cheeks, hor hair was neutly brushed, and she wore a close-fitting muslin gown that was vory clean and tidy. Altogether, sho was u vory jolly sort of a maid. She had been over from Ir.-land only two years, and still had a strong braguo. Jhe girl never returned (o the Twentyfifth 6ti'eei. houco after olio weut on the town, and I didn't see her for nearly a yo»r, wh*u I ran across hor ono evening in Madison Square. I didn't know her, but Bhe rocognisod me, and ouma up smiling. Wo ohuttod for a few minutes while I waited for a stago, and I was r'ru k hy the grcit change that had cjmo ovor her. She didn't onll me 'sir' thon. She had boosmo a 'lady.' Wo wore equal — in hor mind. Her hair was bangod, she woro a silk joreoy, gaudy shoos, a plumed hat, leng yellow gloves, und a bunoh ofilowors at hor btlt. Sho talked in loud style. After she had sailed away, I got in tho stage, and preaonty forgot all about her. I didn't think of hor &guiu; until sho mido hersolf known to mo on Broad way. Anothor great chango had taken placs in her. Sho had evidently sunk almost to the bottom of the scale. Hor full hud rid hor of tho idea that Bhe was a ' lady,' and nho wus without (he itffootations that had characterised her on our last meeting. Hor hair wub Btill bangod, but it had boen bloiohod to a matted and disagreoablo yellow, and hor colour was all gono. Her figure, whioh had formerly been very good, was much matured. It seemed im poniible that, the woman who stood beforo mo last night could hate boon tho bright and jolly ' ' ? — — ,j five or forty, though sho was certainly less tharv- twenty-two years of ago. ' Don't you know me now, air ?' »ho asked. 'Yes. Ebu'vo changed vory much, though, . Briilgot.' ? ' Yo.«, air,' ohe said, 'but don't call me Bridget, sir. My name is Maude now.' 'JNontenBO Why did you stop mo P' ,, 1 'I just did it widoat a minut's thought, sir,.. I'm that put about. I'm in trouble, «h* I wanted to uak someone what to do. I'm glad I m-ih Trim oji t hrih iinnnllnt..* * 1 What's the matter ? Trouble with the* aolioo ?' ',????'?? 'iiot this time. Y'seo my sistor an' her iuabarid lives over hero ia Forty- first street, near .Ninth Av'noo, and thoir littlo boy died. lust night, or rathor this moriiin', at three - s'olock.' 'Woll?1 ,. ' Well, fir,' continued tho woman, rapidly,.. 'mo sister seiit fur mo this noon, but 1 was away, an' I nover heard of it till two hours ago. then I wont over there, an' 1 seo the poor little innocent lyin' dtud in bed, au' me sister cryin.' ' Whoro was her husband ?' 'Oh, he'd blind drunk, ai ustml, somowhereo along tho dock. Ho hasn't been home in a week, an' don't know anythin' about tbe death. He's- boat me sialor till she's almost crippled, an' she wants to run away from him. jhe may come homo any miniit. an' ho mayn't coaio homo in a week. Well, sir, I've got enough to pay for-v buryin1 tho ohild, air, but I'm foared, an' so ia mo sister.' The woman began to sniffle and sob hero, as though h'.r heart would break. 1 What aro you afraid of ? ' I asked. ' Why, eir, you see we aint told anybody o£ tho death ret an' tjeodIo still think iho baby's ?? only. sicS. Sow, it wo toll the perlice, they 1L send us up for keepin' tho death a secret, an'' tho baby'll have a poor-houso grave.' 1 Is it your sister's child, or youra ¥ Tho woman enifllcd a bit more violostly, and. thon whined : ' Please, sir, it's mino. But me sister lovod it liko her own. It whs n. beautiful.' baby, but the porlico'll havo it now, on' we'll be eont up.' ' I'll go over to tho Thirty- ninth-Btrcot station with you, and we'll fix it up. All you have to' do is to report it to the police, and thon go to an undertaker and go down with him in the morning to the coroner's office and get a burial, permit. Then you may bury it when you. please' My companion and I went over to the station, with tho woman and fixed tha matter up. Thoro was no troublo about it. The mother was greatly relieved, and insisted upon out going and looking at tho dead boy beioro we went home. Thore was a chanca for a new experience, and after a little hesitancy we fol lowed hor. It was after midnight, and the neighbour hood forbidding. Ninth Avonuo at thi« point is lined on either side with small and poorly built shops. Only the liquor stores wore- ? lighted. Thero were four of them at every intersection of a Btroet. A group of men stood in front of each groggery. They yelled at us occasionally as wo passed, but wo were not molested during tho trip. Bridget turned, down Forty-first-street hurriedly, and after going half way down the block stopped at the door of one of a long row of tsnemont homes. These houses wero of tho usual pattern. They encroached on the sidewalk aB much aB the law . allowed, nnd roso perpendicular for seven or eight stories. The entrance was through a common throe foot dcorway, »nd the stairu which lod to the top of tho building wero as steep as ladders. Thore was tho unmistakable odour of deeaying vcgetables in the hall. We stumbled over a drunken man who cursed U3 in maudlin anger on the first landing, and hoard tho sounds of fighting in one of tho roomB us wo climbed up tho fourth floor. Then Bridget told us to wait while she went into tho room.' Sho oponpd the door quiokly and explainerl matea to her sister, and thon wa .w*ut in. Thero was a bod in ono cornor of tho room Bridget's sister dusted tho seat of a chair with, her apron and belted us to sit dowu. 't\vt spoke in a whisper, and had certainly been crying. '.Ihe blackened and smoky lamp made the gloom, moro apparent. ' Tho women talked of t!-o child ror a lew minutes, and Men cnanKod ma bud joct to tha drunken husband, whom thoy both, feared. 'When wo sit iho baby in his grave,1 said. Bridget, mopping hor eyes, ' wo'ro goin' away — Sarah an' me is.' ' Whore ?' ' Out to Camden, sir. There's Bome lubber works there which we'll work at. We both,. know tho_ work. I'll be straight now, if I starve to death.' Ssrah'll run away from Mike wid. me. Tho world ain't troatod neither of U3 good, an' wo're goin1 to start again.' While tho woman talked, ahe unbuttoned her oloak. It revealed a rod dress that exposed a, liberal amount of neck and arm. Don't show yor shame that way, you!' said, her sister, sharply, attempting to draw the cloak together again. \jnt it. a no lnutior. ano goncioman Jtnowa what I am. Ho knowed me when I was a decent workin' girl.' She turned toward tho bed for tho first time,, and began to simper and cry again, her sister following her example. My companion had', gone to tho door, which ho hold ajar. He wa» pilo aa a ghost. Tho air waa oppressively hot ' Come an' sco tho boy, sir,' eaid the woman,, drawing Iho bod-clothes down from a stark, little form that waa out-lined beneath them. ' No, no. Let mo get out in the air.' I fol lowed my friend into the hall- way, and we were groping our way towards the Btairs, whon we heard a man below curaing frightfully as he reeled and tumbled up stairs. At tho same instant the women heard him. Bridget dashed out into tho hall, and, in a frightened whisper*, pushed Mt psrt way up the next flight of Btens, and thou ran back into tho room and whis pered hurriedly to her sister. Then Bhe como back to us again, and wo awaited tho 'long shoreman. Ho arrived at the top of the stairs, and reolod towards the door of the room,, muttering imprecations on the head of his wife. Before he crossed the threshold she ran to him, and cried : 1 Mike, tho baby is dyin'— — ?I'll kill the brat' ? 'And tho doctor Bays he must have some* whisky. Here's some money, Mikoy dear. Go un* git some of the stuff, will yea ? Go quiok, an' come back quick, there's a dearie.' He seizod tho money, struolc at his wife with nothor curae, and tumbled down tho stairs. Whon he had gon.o, we loft Bome money with the women and hurried down Btairs. The oriBp, wiutry air, was liko a rofrcshing; draught to a man dying of thirbt. 