dtrnnibs. Fresh. - Bidmy. Mourning. A fine day. Co'd night. That sun bear. Our Zoo is looking up. Another carf,o of sugar. More oil on troubled waters. Special co'.leciions yesterday Wbeat market still depressed. Cbimborazo for London to- day. Victorian for Melbourne to-day. A publican has drowned himself. " Back from the Grave," to-ni^h't. Three barques arrived on Saturday. There are two lions in Sydney now." The price of wheat is falling in London. Special day for the Churches yesterday. Victoria won the intercolonial boat race. ' The hopes and fejra of rival competitors." They 1 are having bad times around Bonrke. The Maori race is on the road to extinction. Tattersall's Club to be moved to the Globe. Pepper's Ghost is now haunting Auld Rskie. A man who snores in church isn't fit for a dea :on. Jas. Hawthorn will now be arraigned for murde". Fourteen districts elect representatives tomorrow. The final decision to-morrow In fourteen districts. Tramboys short of threepenny-bits this morning. Will the Judges abolish the Theatre fioyal back bar. Right Hon. John Bright is ill, but not seriously. Mr. J. H. Angas is not a aupDortsr of the Ministry. Charles Reade, the veteran novelist, is seriously ill. The Bray policy is "miserably defective and meagre." The Glaucus floated after lightering 2C> tons of cargo. Earl Enston has been unsuccessful :-n the Divorce Court, " Christus" was given at St. Peter's Cathedral yesterday. A " dip" washed down a gutter in Sydney by storm waters. First-class yacht race on Saturday was wod by the Wa nnerer. Messrs. Landseer and Stirling posed on Saturday evening. Opposition to the Attouey-Generjl Increasing in Barcsaa. QThirty deaths caused by a succession of cyclones in America. The British Government still intend to evacuate the Soudan. Temperature at noon to-day, 67° in the shade; 131" in the sun. There are several additional attractions at the Zoological Gardens. Lord Rosebery appreciates the gravity of the recidiviste question. Her Majesty the Queen attended the funeral of Prince Leopold. Australia's tribute to departed worth—a wreath of eucaljptus leaves. Sun roLe at 6.23; sets at 5.46. Moon rise3 at 3.55 p.m.; sets at 2.59 a.m. A railway porter ci ashed on a railway line in Sydney on Saturday night. William Redmond is as truthful about Australia as he was about Ireland. The C.S.and A.G. characterized opposition last session as wicked and crnel. Heavy floods in Sydney. Many places in. Sydney and suburbs flooded out. The most effectual cure for juvenile smoking—" palm" oil and elbow grease. Fifty-seven candidates to-morrow will have their claims adjudicated upon. Hostile Arabs around Khartoum increasing, and the town is clo-ely invested. Earl Rosebery is clearly the representative of Australasia in the House of Lords. Tbe Turkish bath is becoming popular in Ireland, thanks to the Grand Old MSD. Amongst our exports on Saturday were slate slabB, Iobitere, eggs, rags, and grapes. By the Orient steamer Cambodia 594 immigrants reached Sydney on Saturday last. Sir William Jervois recently spoke to the Maoris in a picturesque, metaphorical style. Cyclones in America completely wrecked several villages and damaged much property. The Maoris prefer to lease their land. They have one eye on the land and another on the gold. The Jury acquitted Jas. Hawthorn.charge! with shooting his brother. Police rearrested him. Miss Burvett has accepted a challenge ta P*ay Gottfrchalk's " Dying Poet" with gloved ta^ds. Chimborazo arrived from Melbourne, at 9. o'c'ock this morning, with 280 passengers, en route. Mr. Stirling says bad seasons and maladministratiQn have given ns a deficit o.f £300,000!, Through the wreck of the ship Daniel Steinman 120 persons drowned off the coast of Nova Scotia. The Vale of Doon, from South Africa, has brought a cui-pus, which appropriately resembles a cat. Where is the Town Clerk ? A Novth Adelaide cat has taken to fishing in the Torrena without a licence. After Haitian comes Bishop Barry. Surely with six inches of rain Sydney will " damp down" and go slow. A female asked His Worship for " tick," this morning, on the ground that she had just paid £2. She did not get it. Colonel Nugent, a leading authority on British fortifications, advocates uniiy in the matter of Australian defence. An elector cannot shirk his duty to-morrow without being guilty of cowardice and unfairness to his felJow-colonists. Yesterday, as a day of mourning, showed the loyalty of Australians, despiie the vapid assertion of William Redmond. More land syndicates. The Duke of Manchester Chairman of a scheme for acquiring land near the Gulf of Carpentaria. The Queen and an " auld wife" in a mutch may sometimes be teen at Crathie Church partaking of the Communion together. At the Police Court this morning, John Newcome's conduct regarding a Bank order failed to satisfy Mr. Beddome. Three months. St. Valentines's Day in Eagland was remarkable for the increased number of genuine love favour3. Mock and vulgar valentines are disappearing. Old Welshman of Glyndyfrdwy lately laid to rest in stone coffin; body tightly bandaged with 'calico, with black cloth hood, Grand Old Man col'ar, and black tie. A " bitter cry" comes from Germany. Many of her blue-blooded aristocracy are now rsduced to earning a living as cabmen, barbers, lamplighters, and coastguardsmen. " The beautiful and capacious harbour of Kawhia, near Auckland, with fertile valleys and plains adjacent and stream-fed hills in the background." This is intended for the fittC3t. Mr. Gladstone was introduced in the pantomime 'Blue Beard," lately performed at Edinburgh. The manager tent a photograph of the character to the G.O.M., which was courteously acknowledged. A man will burn his fingers lighting a cigar with a piece of paper and make no fuss about it, but when his wife asks him to set the teakettle over, and he takes hold of the warm handle, he is mad enough to wreck the kitchen. The expense of the "greatest show on ejrth"—Mr. Barnum's, of course—during the last season reachcd the Urge sum of over £250,000 for 176 exhibition days. On the other hard, the receipts for six days at Philadelphia were £20,000, for ten days in Chicago over-£30,-000 waa taken, and for single day performances the receipts averaged ome £3,400. There has just been received from Belgium, for the Italian Church at the north end of Hatton-Garden, an organ which has cost £2,000, and will be one of the largest in the metropolis for a place of worship. Its weight iB thirty tons; the bellows is worked by pneumatic power, and the central pipe is thirty-two feet in length, and a door hai tobe removed to get the instrument into the church. 