Presence of Mind. The time appointed for the marriage cere mony. ina.the,church,,was eleveno'olockiin the forenoon. Borealis Brown, the bride groom, and Aurora White, the bride, were in a close carriage. a, half mile away:at, six minutes before cle n. . S" We shall get thbre right in time,"rsaid he, looking at hi;atch, . : Now, it is dreafnllly unfashio~nale to get to the' church promptly, anid Aurora would have felt. jiist like: dropping through the floor, don't you know, if she bad walked up the aisle in time. " Don't you think, my dear, it would be Ibtter. to be ten milnutes late,"' said .she, leanling aainst him in a kind of harmless hug. ",No. I pride myself on punctuality." S'Five minutes; thetin. " Now, mydlnrliig, don't coax." ";list 5s you s.ay.'.: She put her. hand "carelessly on his shoulder, and let it drol slowly along ddwn over his coat to :small- pocket set in at the waist s?tcm, wrhere it lingered for a few seconds. ? 'ouhiav tho rirng where yoncari find it retdily"P'- ?aheo emarked, hlaying: placidly back inher seat: "There is 'nothing 'so awkward as to fumble for the ring at the alt, youa kno... ": P'" Oh lI've d: te eure on that point, as I told-ou," he said cofildentiy' "" I slipled thrng rightinto this handy little pocket, where' l--gs heaven I" .", What,. Ilorealls, what I" "TTIe ring is loat." HCe thrust ipis fingers into his pocket madl ly-sin and agt in, hut the ring surely w.as botth er.. He made wild conjectures, felt in BU: his otlher l*tketl, and concludCd lie mu'st ihave left it at Aurora's residence. lie onlhrtedthe coachman to turn alibut. \\\'hel Ihey hail gone back almost to the ihouse, a linb?lic cl":k struck eleven. ; What is that" sro I Aurora, pointing to the lotton f the carriage. ' T:hi'ijiga"y glittering ii a corner. ?itnust rline dropped it," said i nrealis, picking it lip, "hut I swear I looked it thlat ver spIt two niinuta nago." 1*hne'ltplit:kl?l there,;?s a matter of. fact, jmust bfiori Aurora thirew the ring down. . -41 Wdi,'d'il ic rtumarkld, looking at his watch aliio-.' yel ;will lit.re your ;way afternll. Vie'ciua t gept to tlh churich: before, ten mihitaes, ister- naho.' A '; "To beliisureY-'.: .Aeite prensime of mind eis carncteritic of brides. They miayhblish. but they know what they ame aboiut. Their eyes may be dim with tirs bilt the:.calisuavin uip'llaed thrndl.in. their dtise, One hundred yards from the church Aurora expre~idiLa fear.thlatshe was as pale as a ghost. "S i.as fair as alabaster," Borealis sug gesfl. " Now, my dear," sie retorted, "this is no time for compliments. Is there the least, bit of color in my-face??, n: ~i - I;. . Well, no,'but,: :', , i. ". 'must look ghastly. ', " Would you like toiblush as you goin i", hie threw his' arms around her, drew her to [is breastiwith.,the. grip of a' wretler, and kissed her loud anid: lnong?;;He was through with it just aa.thd:carriage doer was ieined by, a;uusher, and she, walked into church witha satisfactory, amount of pink on her chocks.,?;i . ..: : 