CHAPTER XX, FATS. Time passed, and in Ruth Carroll's heart there sprang up at last the little flower contentment, She had learned a bitter lesson, one that she could never forget; but she knew that it was wrong, as well bb unavailing, to Bit down under the shock andr mourn and grow bitter over the inevitable. " What is to be, must be," she said to her heart, with a dreary smile, a dozen times a day ; " and since this is to be my lot, please Heaven I will bear the burden bravely. Others have borne just such bur- dens, and have not been crushed," And in such bitter crumbs of comfort the poor girl sought for strength, and found it, The weeks and months rolled by. Edith heard from her betrothed quite regularly. Away at his distant post there was a lull in the storm. The In- dians, their treacherous foes, were quiet, and a Cessation of hostilities bad been the situation for some time, until there was engendered a false se- curity which former experience with the "noble red man" did not warrant. It was the treacherous calm which too often precedes a fearful storm ; the awful bush which rests upon the face of nature while all the forces are being marshalled together for a deadly onslaught. It came. Thd.flrst name in the list of desperately wounded was that of Captain John Vandeleur. It was Edith "who Sret observed the account in the morning paper. With a low cry she clutched the paper in one cold, trembling hand, atd started to her feet. Airs, Dalzelle sat near, bending over some in- tricate embroidery. She glanced np with an ex- clamation of surprise ; but before Edith could ex- plain the cause of her own agitation, there esme a sharp ring at the door-bell, and io another moment a pretty, pale-faced girl dashed into the room and caught Edith in her arms. It was Gertrude, Cap- tain Vandeleur's sister. " Ob, Edie, Edie !" she cried, passionately. " Ton have beard the news ; I eee it in your face. Mamma has received a telegram from-from his colonel, I ran over to you with It. Here !" And in the midst of Gertrude's frantic sobbing and Mrs. Dftlzelle's breathless frightened questions, Edith read the telegram aloud : "Captain John Vandeleur seriously wounded. We fear the worst. " A. J. Fitzpatrick, " " Colonel commanding 47th." " Mamma is going," panted Gertrude ; " she starts at once, It is an awful journey, but we cannot pre- vent her i she is determined ; and John is her only son, you know." And a fresh burst of tears followed; Edith's white face grew Euddenly resolute. She turned to Mrs Dalzelle. " I am going np stairs to pack a few things," she j announced, quietly, '' I shall acccompany Mrs. Van" ' deleur." "Edith!" Mrs. Dalzelle was the picture of consternation. "I shall accompany Mrs. Vandeleur," repeated Edith, firmly. "I am his betrothed wife; it is my right. I will go with his mother. Surely no cold conventionalities ought to deter me in this hour. And-ho may be dead-I may get there too latel" The last words were like a wail. She turned and fled from the room. Mrs, Dalzelle, seeing that resistance wes useless and secretly admiring her sister's courage and reso- lution, went sensibly to work to help prepare for the sudden journey. . ' ' And when the evening train, western bound, left the city, Edith Darrington and Mrs. Vandeleur were among the passengers. A long, hard, terrible journey was before them they well knew ; but love will dare anything for the sake of the loved one. Mrs. Vandeleur had already telegraphed to Colonel Fitzpatrick that tbey were about to Btart ; and ns he was her personal friend, ehe felt confident that he would do the beat for them, tbat lay in his power. And so at last the long, ^ hard, terrible journey came to an end, and tbe two women bent over the rought bed upon which lay Captain Vandeleur, pale and wan but still alive. Eyerything that money could procure in that out of the way place was lav- ished upon him. The best of physicans that could be tempted to that wild frontier post were procured. All was done that lay in human power and Heaven was merciful ends lowly but surely the wounded man came back to life and strength. And on the first dey that he was able to elt up propped with pillows, the chaplain of the regiment wes summoned, and then and there the solenn mar rlage ceremony was read, and Edith Darrington ard John Vandeleur were husband and wife. An lumJle little wedding, and she the heiress to millions ¡bit to Edith Derrington's heart there was not anney enought in the round world to purchase the wild mad guilty happiness which was hers. She had won him ; he was hera now forever, " to have and to lold.'l Bnt, alas I the "little speck was in the garnerid .'tait.'' She knew that she had won bim through treachery and guile, and her heart was not yet hardened suieently to be really happy with the ghost of her wrong-dc ing forever at her side. And away in sunny old New Orleans, a white-faced sad eyed woman read the news of the manage, and herlheart slowly died in her breast. Poor little Buth, The news was Btartling, but the added intelligence that Captain Vandeleur and wife woul- be under the Darrington roof in a few days, was more than start» ling ; it was unendurable, " Mrs. Dalzelle," she said, quief/y, one morning, entering that lady's preesnce with a determination to cut the Gardian knot at one«, " I have been think» ing that I shall be better foe » change ; in short, X wish -to go away," she added, bluntly. Mrs. Dalzelle dropped the everlasting embroidery upon which she was, as usual, occupied, and sat star. ing at her governess in speechless amazement, "Going away P" she repeated, at last, gasping the words as though they were in an unknown and unaccustomed tongue, " My Dear Miss Carroll, you are not in earnest ?" A faint tinge, of pink fluttered into Buth's pale face and faded away again. She bent her head: " I am in earnest," she answered, quietly. " You have been very, very kind to me, Mrs. Dalzelle, and from the bottom of my heart I thank yon, but--** She did not finish, for at that moment little Flossy came into the room slawly, and gravely. She went straight up to Buth, and climbed upon her knee«' The child's face was flushed, her beautiful eyes were wild and dilated, and her littie hands were burning with fever. The golden hair drooped upon Buth's shonlder. "Flossy so sick," she sighed plaintively. . Buth turned ta the mother in real alarm. "The child is ill," she said, gravely. "Oh Mrs. Dalzelle, can it be that little Flossy has the fever ? You know that the scarlet fever is raging in the city," The mother Mew to the side of her darling, arti bending over her, hastily examined the little patient She turned a pallid awe-stricken face to her gover- ness. \ " Miss Carroll," she said, hastily, "please take my baby up stairs. I shall send Pearl to stay with Ger« trade Vandeleur; for, Heaven help me, I fear that Flossy has scarlet fever 1" Her fears were too well founded. The physician» summoned in mad haste, came at once, and at sight of the sick child shook his head gravely. " Bcarlet fever of the most malignant type,* he pronounced sadly, his kind old heart aching with sympathy for the agonised mother. " I-Mrs. Dal« zelle, it Is my duty to be frank-I have little hope to give you." The days and nights which followed will never be forgotten by Buth Carroll. She never ]e!t the beo> eide. She devoted herself with real self-abnegation completely to the sick child. A mother could do no more for her best loved darling. But all in vain. And little Flossy's waxen hands were folded over the pulseless heart, the lids closed down over the pansy eyes, the golden curls smoothed away from the marble brow, and she lay in her little white coffin, strewn with flowers, in the great, lonesome drawing-room. ^Bending over the open coffin, nil alone, Bath' heard footsteps approaobing, and glancing up, she started back, with a low cry ; for there before her, pale and worn, was the man she loved ; but, alas t her love was now a sin. For a moment John Vandeleur stood facing her, white and resolute; She could no longer hope to deceive him and deny her own identity, She was weak and exhausted from long days and nights of watching by the sick child, and her self-control waa' gone, She tottered forward weakly; but in a moment he had her in his arms, and gathered close to bis heart. " Oh, Heaven V he faltered, between his set teeth; "it is Buth I My darling! my darling! my lost lovel" But between them lay that bridgeless chasm which has lain between other lives, and which can never be spanned-not in this world; Thank Heaven for " the world which sets this right!" (To be continued.) 