Heartless Case of Seduction. A story of Eden and the Serpent; of man's perfidy, of man's unspeakable meanness; and of an innocent girl's misplaced, confiding trust. Such tales are too common. Nevertheless, when villainy of that sort comes within the circle of my observation, and I believe I can either produce good from it, or bring some punishment or exposure to the Serpent, I hold it to be my duty to tell my fellow-men facts of which bhey are unaware. A neat cottage at Sandgate, surrounded by a garden. There are flowers in that garden, many a bright flower, but no flower there shed such light and fragrance on the surroundings as the eldest daughter of the family who occupied that garden-bounded home. Dear Tilly. Yes, Tilly was her name. She grew in the freedom of the fresh sea-breezes; her mind expanded under Nature's uncontracted vault, and, undoubtedly " Light of that cottage home was she." E am speaking of a couple of years ago. No taint of the outer world had reached her young mind then, no knowledge of Dead Sea fruit had come to her lot. She was (and is) the eldest of three, there being a younger sister and a still younger brother. The parents are a middle-aged couple, who have fought | the battle of life toilingly, and have by thrift put by enough to secure a tranquil evening of life to them selves, and a respectable " bringing-up " for their children. Warm-hearted people, not gushing, but ever ready to do what little they can to make the world easier to others. All Sandgate knew them. All Sandgate knew Tilly. Sweet Tilly. Tilly was then—two years ago, you know—getting well into her teens, and was comely of person. Quite unaffected and without vanity. Tilly was a special object for All Sandgate's searching eye. But none knew harm of her. All Sandgate spoke well of her— excellently well. Happy Tilly. But lo ! a few short months and a slimy, scaly Serpent invades this Eden of Human Happiness. One Sunday afternoon, Tilly did not return from her School services at the usual time - in fact, did not return until the family tea had been partaken of. Explanations elicited that a Reptile (Tilly called him a " gentleman ") had spoken to her so softly and persuasively, and with such apparent honor in his declared love, that she had consented to let him take her for a drive, and he was to become her regular cavalier. All Sandgate saw it or knew it, and All Sandgate was agog with the social flutter. The Reptile (or, as Tilly termed him, "gentleman,") was a swell from town. What did it mean ? But All Sandgate knew Tilly to be then a virtuous girl j and All Sandgate, witnessing the constant walks on the beach, the close intimacy, concluded that it was all right, that the reptile was (as Tilly said) a " gentleman," and that the match would be a grand one for Tilly. Lucky Tilly 1 But all this while, the old couple, Tilly's father and mother, strenuously opposed the sweetbearting, and set their faces against any projected match, having no faith that the Keptile was a " gentleman." Poor, ignorant pair! The wisdom of the world was not theirs. They went by instinct—instinct guided by deep parental love. While the world applauded and talked about the time when Tilly would marry the Reptile, the parents mourned over their domestic hearth, and tried in vain to drive away the forebod ings created and conjured up by no reasoning power, but by intuitive knowledge, instinctively imparted by parental love ! Ah ! Disobedient Tilly ? Yes, Tilly was disobedient to her parents in this. But can the world blame her ? . " There's nothing half so sweet in life As ' Lore's young Dream.'" And Tilly was in the heyday of her enjoyment of " Love's young Dream." This Reptile had come to her disguised as skilfully as old Satanus to Mother Eve—had come to her as a love-god from another world, had touched her hitherto untouched heart, had made her believe he reverenced her, had lied to her ardently, sweetly and skilfully, until her whole young lieart went out in one offering to him. Come what might, she thought, they two were sealed— " Two unnds with hut a single thought, Two hearts that beat as one." No. She could not give up her Idol—that Reptile whom she believed to be a " gentleman." He held her heart; she believed she held his. Her thoughts all revolved round him—he was the Sun of her Earth; she believed she had similar influences over him. " No," the young heart cried 5 " I cannot tear all the new-born brightness and joy out of my life. I know he is mine. I know he is true. I know he is honorable. I know he is a 1 gentleman.' " So Tilly disobeyed in sorrow her parents' injunctions. Foolish Tilly! ■* # # Awful scandal at Sandgate. Tilly has disappeared ! Now, the evil-minded mouths gape open wide enough and pour forth the vilest suggestions. Alas ! not all undeserved in this case. Now, All Sandgate—the Worldly-Wisemen who swore he was a gentleman " as well as the poor afflicted parents—yes, All Sandgate knows that the "gentleman" is a Reptile. "Bless you, we knew it all along," said they. What befel the girl during her absefiee is of no concern in this narrative. Poor Tilly 1 # # # A broken-hearted woman, bearing a child in her arms. . . A cottage surrounded by a garden. . . . "Father — mother — forgive." . . Can this be Tilly ? The gay-hearted, the blithe Tilly ? The bright-eyed, round-cheeked, Tilly ? No, it is not she. It is her dead and departed ghost. Her womanhood has been killed and the blight of social leprosy is upon her. Poor, pale, weeping Tilly! The father learns that the Reptile is the seducer. Or, rather, his knowledge of the fact is confirmed. For he knew it in his own inner consciousness long ago. He went to town, visited a certain office, and there met the Reptile face to face. He demanded reparation for the injury done to his daughter. He was met with scornful jeers and turned away roughly. Disheartened father ! Wronged Tilly! The father next tried what poor satisfaction the law allows—he sued the Reptile for the maintenance of his illegitimate child. Now, you may stretch your imagination, dear reader, to the lowest possible depth of despicable meanness you are able to conceive, and then multiply that by something one million times as mean, and you will not even then reach one fractional part of the meanness I am now going to disclose to you. There now obtrudes upon the scene a hitherto unknown and unknowable Thing, that rises in the witness box in the form of a man, but which cannot, by any chord of real affinity, be a real man. Reptile and Thing hug1 their coils around thee. Wretched Tilly! The Thing swears that, about the same period as the term of offence alleged against the Reptile, he had met Tilly on a steamer, that he had never seen her before; that, after a conversation with her, he ar ranged to meet her that evening for an amorous pur pose ; that he did so meet her, and that she permitted him the privileges she alleged were only accorded to the Reptile. Was ever such an improbable and un natural yarn heard ? Why, Tilly must have been the veriest wanton—the most abandoned profligate. A frail one of a couple of years' standing generally re quires some manoeuviing and siege before consenting. Yet here we are asked to believe that a girl whom All Sandgate Jcnew to be then modest and moderately in nocent, consented recklessly to place her reputation in the hands of a man she had never seen before, and would, probably, never see again! It is against Nature. Tilly denied all knowledge of the Thing. But what could the Bench do ? Oath against oath. The Bench couldn't conceive a Thing lying on such a point. Neither can any of us. So the Bench dismissed the case, and Law has said, in effect, " The Reptile may be the father or may not be the father; but the Thing has saved the Reptile's weekly maintenance money." Baffled Tilly! Of course, I am bound to believe (in print) the Thing on his own evidence. Would to Gt-od, though, I could turn back the wheels of time to the date in dispute, and could trace all the Thing's out-goings and in-comings on that day. How I would have him ispitted and worried and harried in that witness box into which he so willingly and despicably crawled. How I would split hairs about five minutes intervals, little absences, or, perhaps, prove that he was [For the finish of this sentence, see the Kamsohatka edition.—Ed.] But, no, a Thing on his oath pulls the beam. Crushes Tilly! Taking the Thing's statement as correct. What sort of a mean insect must he be? Whenever did man before betray his mistress thus publicly in Court ? Never. What is his breeding ? Will somebody put him in a menagerie and paint him hideously, and exhibit him as the Meanest Thing ever created ? He must be the spew of the vilest, lowest, creepiest, slimiest Thing that ever existed before him. And if his statement is not correct, then he is lower still; he has the spawn of a hell-bug in him. But, no! We must (by law) believe the Thing. Yes, boys, rejoice and believe him. As for me, I'll—proceed to the next paragraph. Which will be short. The baby's features bear a curious resemblance to those of the Reptile. I want to know how happened it that all mention of this Heartless Seduction Case— the scandal of All Sandgate, and the Police Court pro ceedings concerning which only came off on Friday last—how happened it, ask I, that all mention was suppressed from the daily Press ? Is it possible that the Reptile and the Thing, one of whom draws a fat salary from the community, had influence enough to "work the oracle" for " commercially-conducted" papers to shut the report out ? Broken-hearted Tilly and her afflicted parents belong to the PEOPLE, and, therefore, have no show for such hanky-panky. It is because Figaeo belongs to the PEOPLE also, that I take up this cause and cry aloud, " Has Justice been done or not been done ? " What thinks Tilly in her desolation ? Miserable Tilly! One word to the Reptile. If, by the time my next issue is being prepared for the Press, he has not made some attempt at reparation—cold comfort though it be—some attempt that shall indicate that he has a faint idea of the baseness of his conduct, I vow that I will publish to the world the name of him, the Reptile, and the name of his saviour, the Thing. I could now pour forth burning words about the unjustness of our laws relating to seduction, but my indignation has carried my article too far already. The subject has often been touched upon, and I may tackle it thoroughly some day. At present, our Reptiles keep on lounging, with unstained names, through Society, hold their billets—Government or otherwise—unquestioned,and are amongst the honored of the land; while our Tillies become pariahs, out casts, and Heaven knows what. Lost Tilly ! ♦ 