RECENT SKY EFFECTS. BRILLIANT SUNS AND BL'~E MOONS. For several weeks past scientific and unscientific, papers have been discussing the probable causes of the brilliant ruby and auiber skies seen before sunrise and after sunset, and of the blue moons which some observers have also seen. Ordi narily, a ruddy sunset is owing to tbe absorption of certain of the sun's rays by the aqueous moisture in the atmosphere, but these phenomena, latterly seen, have appeared so long before the sun has shown itself or after it has sunk inio the west, aud have been, moreover, of such wide distribution, that the usual method of explanation has not been regarded by some as satisfactory. It has been there fore supposed, either (1) that the earth has been passing through a vast ocetn of meteoric du^t, or (2) that dust from the terrible catastrophe at Krakatoa lias been slowly finding its way round the eirth by means of air currents. How such fine particles might act on light may be illustrated by a very simple example. I will suppose the Jo o T I,;,., A ? ? facing a window, through which light enters the room ; if he now iutently re gard the clouds of smoke he emits they will appear of a dirty reddish tint. The extremely finely divided carbonaceous particles constituting the smoke have rob bed the white light coming to the observtr of certain of its parts and the light trans mitted therefore appears '-of the peculiar color seen. So, likewise, these extreme'y fine particles floating intlielngher regions of the air, whether meteoric or volcanic, intercept part of the sun's light coining to us, thus producing the brilliant colored glow seen long before sunrise and long after sunset. Only from much evidence can the ques tion .be settled as to -whether i his fine mater is 'm'eteoiic' or 'volcanic. Much may be said m favor of either hypothesis. The transporting of volcanic dust through great distances is no new fact in science, and it has been remarkably exhibited in past times in the very region of the earth where this latest disturbance happened. Wliea Tomboro — a mountain in the island of Sumbava, east of Java— burst iuto an eruption in 1815, the fine dust from it was ejected in such quantity that tlie light .of tlie «un was totally obscured for three days ..even ..in. Java, more than 300 miles away. I . am not aware, however, whether the subsequent fgw months were remarkable in various parts of the world for ruby twilight skies. It would be curious confi'matoiy evidence of the truth of the '* volcanic dust' hypothesis if such were the- case, but I fancy that people in this country were in that vear too full of thought and conversation about Waterloo-and the fall of Napoleon to give much heed to the color of the skies. It has been argued against the. volcanic-dust hypothesis that no air currents^ exist which could transport dust to the various places where the afterglow has' been seen/ To this it may, however, be said that the currents of the highest regions of the air are too little known for any one to assert, with any weight, that no such carrying of dust could take place. Such dust could ccrtainly not liave floated long near the earth's surfaciy for each particle of it would have furnished the nucleus of a mist spheruls, and would also in other ways, by wind, rain, orsuow, liave 'been borne to earth. On the other hand, we have 'in favor of the meteoric dust theory the wide prevalence of brilliant afterglows, both in the Old and New Worlds. We further know that interstellar spac - c -n- tains vast numbers of meteorites, and it is quite within the range of possibility for the earth to puss through a vast ocean of finely divide dust of them — the dust of shattered w -i ds But to set'le con clusively which of these hypotheses may be the more likely — the ' volcanic dust ' hypothesis of the ' meteoric dust ' h-pothesis— we shall have to pay strict attention to the analyses of rlie dust which the first winter snows brought down, and the results obtained in various parts of the world by spectroscopic analysis. The blueness of the moon which has been noticed on several occasions a'ong with the extraordinary afterglow is prohably a phenomenon of quite another kind — what the physicist or phys iologist calls a subjective phenoin eiion. Let me make my meaning plain by relating a personal experience 1 was once one of a vast concourse of pjople gazing at a burning cotton mill. The orange red flames spread from end to end aud from bottom to top. 0:i looking at the moon, I found it appeared of a dis tinct aud unmistakable blue. The phe nomenon was one admitting of an easy explanation. In gazing at a colored light, the eye soon becomes exhausted for tint particular color ; and if, while exhausted, any white object be looked at, this object, instead of appearing white, seems of ;i color diametrically opposite or com plementary to that of the colored light which lias exhausted the eye. In the particular example I have men tioned, the eyes became exhausted for the reddish light of the burning building, and upon looking at the face of the moon, its white light appeared blue, a e miple mentary color. For the same reason, ordinary gas lights appear yellow after one has been gazing at the electric light. Similarly, by viewing a red wax wafer in a good light for a few minutes, and then transferring the.gaze to a sheet of white paper, one sees, so to speak, the ghost of the wafer of a bluish-green tint. Now, from the various accounts I have read of 'blue moons' seen during the last Jew months, it appears not at all improbable that the sight has been wearied in the first place by the color of the afterglow, and the moon has then, as a natural consequence, appeared of a blue colour. 1 