JOTTINGS BY THE WAY. (By THE OWL). "Good-by, old man; I'll write! and send that after you to the East Coast," said a friend to me in the beginning of June as I was leaving Launceston, and accordingly I waited for a week at IRingarooma, but as there was no appearance of the letter turn ing up there, I communicated with another post-office some distance away, but with barren results, and as there didn't appear to be any chance of the mountain coming to Mahomet, Malhomet determined to go in quest of the mountain; so behold me once more emulating the tramp of Eugene Sue's "Wandering Jew." In the society of a couple of miners (old West Coasters), we laid out for Thomas Plains. By taking the main road to Alberton for about a quarter of a mile, and then turning sharply to the left, we strike down a well-formed road, which leads to the farms of Mr. Maggs, and also to Sunnyside, the estate of the late Mrs. Fry. For the first mile and a half we find the road to tolerably good walking, but for the remainder of the distance (five and a half miles), to. Hockings's, store on the CascadeRiver, we find it all collar work, being one long up-hill stretch ; but:as we had heavy Swags, with a late start, and threatening rain, we determined to put our best legs foremost, and well it was that we did so, aswe'were no sooner housed on the Cascade, than the rain came down in tor rents.. I think a deserted diggings is about one of the most lonesome and miserable sights outside of a lukewarm political meeting; for with the exception of an occasional "hatter," who may be making t ucker by "gully raking," the only evidences of its having once been populated are the tumble- down empty huts, jam and milk tins, with remnants of old clothing strew-. ing the gullies, and stalking gloomily amongst them is the ghost of a camel backed horse which has done tlhe State sound service in its time, and which now approaches the traveller fearlessly with the hope of evoking some sympathy in the shape of a hatful of oats or a pat on the neck, and while bestowing either on the pooeer animal it seems to say to its sympa thiser, "I am all that is left of a bygone success." Up early next morning, 'we apply to the young man in charge of the store for instructions as to which is the right track (as the bush is full of them, going in every direction), and lhe immediately draws a rough sketch on a sheet of foolscap, which we find to be correct, but which bears (in consequence of its erratic turnings and windings) a striking resemblance to the early tramp of a snail in a cabbage garden. After about three miles of this we sud denly hit upon a small clearing in the midst of the Tasmanian bush, which is occupied entirely by the remains of a baby and a Chinaman, as their graves indicate. I am a terrible fellow for moralising, and I could not help exclaiming, "Well, old chap (to the Celestial being at my feet), you may have had a tough old time of it whilo oen this earth, no matter whether it was on the hunt for a good tribute, or try ing to evade the Customs duties; but it must be a big consolation to you (if you are conscious of it) that you occupy just as much space now under the ground as if you were boss of a big tin claim, or a clerk in the Lands Office, or proprietor of a patent medicine, or as if you had drawn two thousand from an insurance office on account of a burnt-out shanty, the solo contents of whilch were an old coat well saturated with kerosene oil, a lot of dummy eases, and an old euchre pack." Some distance further on we come upon a party of Chinamen working a tribute, with the European wife of one of their number looking on admiringly, while she is at the same time engaged in nursing her last pledge of affection, and is sur rounded by six or seven stout, able, healthy-looking, half-caste youngsters,who, if they don't learn from their English mother what it is to swear, and grow up larrikins, and vote at municipal elections, and float bogus mining companies, and got up sham testimonials, will never learn it from their Chinese father or his fellow countrymen. Not that the latter are alto gether blameless beings, but if one of them is found to have a spare ace stowed away in his sleeve occasionally at a game of poker, his English compatriot be it remembered, won't hesitate to sell you a thousand scrip at a fancy price in the Royal Diddleum Fluke G.M. Company, or, if the "Chinky" goes in for an overdose of opium, ho's no worse than Smith or Brown under the influence of "quakcj;::ec." ITle womau in question poiunts out the tiack which will take us to Thomas Plains, and after about two and a half hours' solid ploughing through slush, and mud, we arrived at Weldborough, and are literally astonished at its size and situation. It contains about 50 private dwellings, a great many of which have patches of ground behind their houses under cultivation, thereby giving the place an appearance of homelike comfort. There are also stores, a post- office, and telegraphic communication with the more and less civilised portions of Tasmania, a school-house (where the young idea are initiated ijto the mysteries of the three R's), and two public-houses ; but as we did not call in at either of them, we are unable to judge of their capabilities of accommodating travellers; and to our agreeable surprise we find the plough busy hero, turning up the spots wheroon there used to be held animated discussions on football matches, free fights, and the price of tin. And I may here mention that whenever you may happen to hear a man spoken of on the tin claims as being an " adjective" good man, it is not that he is ia good moral man, or a charitable one, or a good living man. in any shape, but it is because he is a good fighter, and it is amusing to watch the juniors flock round a man of this description; they almost worship him with their eyes and tongues, and for a smile they will lavish on him what should have been expended in the purchase of a pound of soap or a catechism. We pull up at the end of the Plains for half an hour to boil the billy, and except to those who have tried it there is a, difficulty in understanding how refreshing a pannikin of tea is. In my peregrinations through the mining centres of Tasmania, I have tried almost every kind of liluid from "tanglefoot" to limejuice, and from "blue ruin" to fruit-salt, including log wood-I beg pardon, I should have said port wiie---bitt for a real good refreshing stimulant, which never injures a man, I have not the slightest hesitation in hand ing over the belt to a billy of tea. (I look to the sisters of the " Harmy " 'to. make a noto of this-provided any of these can read a newspaper, which 1 doubt.) qnce more up swags, and we hiy out to do the remainder of the journey, tan miles, from the Plains to tihe Junction, on a road that was made some twelve or eighteen months ago, and if I know the names of the con tractors or overseers I would have much pleasure in placing them upon record, as it is a substantial we'l-frished iob. and accordingly we proceeded at a spanking pace, and at 5 p.m. we pulled up at the Junction Hotel (the only one hero). This pub. is characteristic of four things, viz., a variety of music, a good fire, a clean substantial meal, and a yarn with Frank Gough, its landlord. Frank looks upon the traveller more as a guest than a cus tomer, and tries to make a man comfortable accordingly, and ihe will have his yarn, and as for the music a man can be regaled with anything from a selection from "Traviata," to the "Wind that shakes the barley ;" or from the " larsellaise," or "ThoelStar-spangled banner," to "Tommy make room for your uncle," or the "Night before Larry was stretched." The town ship, if it can be called such, is very small, and very quiet, but it possesses a genial climate, and as provisions are cheap, it would be an excellent place for a working man to live in if labour was plentiful; but the cry of "nothing doing" which is heard at Ringarooma appears to be re-echoed kere'. The Junction township, or settlement, depends almost entirely for its existence on whatever passenger traffic there may happen to be between itself and George's Bay (which is very little, and although they havo a good road all the way down, yet their conveyances are exceedingly primitive), and also to the different tin claims in its immediate vicinity, which are the Anchor, Lottah, Working Miners, Crystal, Cambria, Pioneer, and the Masheri; the. Anchor, Lottah, and Mfasher being very highly spoken of ; but as I intend seeing for myself (provided an earthquake does not put a stop to my rambles), I will not say much about them at present. While speaking of earthquakes (I bog pardon, Mr. B3iggs, I should have said tremors), I may mention that they are far more fre quent here than in any other portion of the coast I have been on, and they are also much more violent. down to have a .look at the celebrated Anchor claim, which consists of about two hundred acres, nearly all of which is tin bearing, mbre or less. At present there are four faces opened up, of an average depth of about 30 feet each, and all are characteristic of the " grey" face at Bischoff, but I consider the best run of tin-bearing stuff is as yet under foot. There are about 25 men at present employed on the different faces getting stuff, but I believe it is intended to employ more after a time. There is one tunnel driven in about 60 feet, and it is a pity it stopped at that distance, as the indications war rant its being driven at least 100 more. The manager in charge is Mr. Symonds, who is not alone manager in name, but manager in fact, as he exercises a personal supervision over every part of the claim which is .being worked, and who makes it his business to see that work is being per formed effectively, without domineering or bullying, and who gives every man he em ploys a chance of stopping, provided hle does his work, no matter whether le hails from Cork, Calcutta, Boston, or Ballahoo. A tramway of about six chains in length leads down to a sound and well-constructed 40-head battery, 30 stampers of which are at present being worked, the other 10 head remaining unconnected until things get a little ship shape. A splendid O60-foot wheel rc ceives from 12 to 15 sluice-heads of water from the Groom River, distant about two miles away. There are eight buddles, each holding about 130 scrapers or knives, with other necessary requisites. There are also four "classifiers" and two "slime" tables, ex cellent ones, the whole plant being a model of strength, simplicity, and effectiveness. The plant is not so extensive as that of the Bischoff Company, but on the other hand it is not so expensive, the whole lot having been purchased, brought on the ground, aed erected at a cost of about fifteen thousand pounds, and it performs its work in such an able manner that there is scarcely any room for improvement. People say that the " proof of the pudding is in the eating," and after several tests which we made in the shape of panning off a dish or shlovelful of tailings without success, convinced ns that tlher are things on the East Coast that are undreamt of in city philosophy. Mr. * A. J. Ritchie is in charge of the machinery and dressing plant, and as he has had a long experience in the business, it is unnecessary to add that tile interests of the Company are well attended to. The claim has only been at work about a week since its stoppage at Christmas time, but why it stopped is one of those things "no fellah can understand." It is the almost universal opinion here that the stoppage of this claim has been a loss to the Company of close on a thousand pounds, and I can easily believe it. No work (no matter what the nature of it may be) can be well done that is done spasmodi cally. (You must really pardon me, Mr. Editor, I don't often go in for big phrases or high faluting ; but if I hadn't relieved myself of that big word, I'd have had a headache for a week.) I don't anticipate that this Company will ever pay extra ordinarily large dividends, but that she will pay, and pay comfortably too, I have not the slightest doubt, and taking into consideration tlhe extent of the Company's ground, with its large mining plant, I don't believe there is a cheaper or better worked concern in Tasmania, and there is every indication that those southern gentle men who paid fancy prices for shares will eventually receive dividends, when they learn how the " Anchor's swayed "-Fare well, remember me. Yet stay, one moment, please, while I call your attention to the very peculiar manner in which the postal arrangementa are carried out here. The Launceston Examiner of, say, Monday will get to Gould's Country, through George's Bay, on Tuesday evening, and although this important mining centre is only two and a half miles from the latter place, yet the good folks about here have to wait until the following day before they can get their mails. The Postmaster- General should be conunmunicated with upon the subjoet. Beforo I close I wish to add that I have seen in the Examiner thatMr. Higgins,late manager of the Tasmania T.M. Company, has been appointed to the Ben Lomond. The directors have made a very wise choice, as there is not a man in the colonies who possesses a longer, a more varied, or a cleaner bill of health as a mining captain, and Iwish him success. Gould's Country, June 28. 