PROOF OF THE TRUTH OF THE BIBLE. BY THE REV. J. ALDE-. SCnrIPTUAL prophecy is the declaration before-hand of such events as can be known only to the omniscient God. It implies the undoubted prediction of future and often remote occurrences, dependent on the con. tingencies of human affairs, and frequently on the character and conduct of persons at the time unborn, so as distinctly to mark the foresight and sovereignty of the infinitely wise and powerful Creator and Governor of the world. The evidence of prophecy proceeds on the assumption that God will not lend his omniscience for the confirmation of a lie. Prophecy forms a large and an essential part of the Bible. If the predictions could be shown to be false, the truth of the Bible would be destroyed. There are numerous predictions whose fulfilment cannot be gainsayed. Infidels have, in many cases, testified to the fulfil. ment of prophecy. From the numerous illustrations of fulfilled prophecies, our limits will allow us to select only a few. SAMARlA.--Samaria was, for a long time, the capital of the ten tribes of Israel. It was built upon the flattened summit of an oblong hill. Its situation was remarkable for strength and beauty. Samaria became noted for wickedness, and its consequent destruction was foretold. Hosea, who began to prophecy about 785 B.C., says : " Samaria shall become desolate; for she hath rebelled against her God." Micah, who lived about 750 B.c., speaking in the name of the Lord, says: " I will make Samaria as a heap of the field, and as plant ings of a vineyard : and I will pour down the stones thereof into the valley, and I will discover the foundations thereof. For the statues of Omri are kept, and all the works of the house of Ahab, and ye walk in their counsels, that I should make thee a desolation." For centuries after the utterance of these and similar predictions, Samaria was in a prosperous condition. Its present condition answers exactly to the prophetic description. Samaria was first taken by the king of Assyria, who led the Israelites into captivity. The city was then inhabited by people brought from Chaldea. About a century before Christ, the Jewish colony destroyed the city. It was rebuilt by Gabinius, the Roman Proconsul; and was greatly enlarged and adorned by Herod the Great. After the spread of Christianity, it became the seat of a bishopric. But centuries before, prophecy had foretold its utter ruin. Maundrel, a traveller who visited it in 1696, says : "This great city is now wholly converted into gardens." A recent traveller says: " The stones have been gathered into heaps, that patches of cultivated earth may be secured." Count Portalis counted sixteen heaps of stone in a small barley field which occupied a space enclosed by an ancient colonnade. Keith, who visited the ruins recently, says : "All along the sloping sides of the hill. from the summit to the base, lie many stones of various forms, and fragments of columns, whose form or massiveness has stayed their course; manifestly showing that they have been cast down, and could not of themselves have fallen where they lie." Lord Lindsay says : " I have seldom been so forcibly struck with the fulfilment of prophecy, as when walking over the hills of Samaria." "I thought," says MI. Van de Velde, "of the prophecies spoken at Samaria. Their fulfilment I had this day before my eyes, Samaria a huge heap of stones I Her founda tions discovered. her stones thrown down into the valley !" IDuMEA.-Idumea was situated to the south of the land of Moab; it was bounded on the east by Arabia Petrea, under which name it was included in the latter part of its history. It extended southward to the eastern gulf of the Red Sea. It was, for a long time, a very flourishing country. Its capital was Petra, which was the centre of an immense trade from the east. The caravans from Minca in the interior of Arabia, and from the borders of the Gulf of Persia, and from many other places, came to Petra as a common centre, whence the trade seems to have branched out in every direc tion-to Egypt, Palestine, and Syria. When the country was enjoying a high degree of proslerity, Ezekiel, who prophesied about 595 years before Christ, said : "Thus saith the Lord God; I will also stretch out mine hand upon Edom, and will cut off man and beast from it ; and I will make it deso late from Teman." Ezek. xxv. 13. "I will stretch out mine hand against thee, and I will make thee most desolate. I will lay thy cities waste, and thou shalt be desolate." Ezek. lx v. 3, 4. "Thou shalt be desolate, O Mount Seir, and all Idumea, even all of it." Ezek. xxxv. 15. "Edom shall be a desolate wilderness." Joel iii. 19. "O thou that dwellest in the clefts of the rock, that holdest the height of the hill: though thou shouldest make thy nest as high as the eagle, I will bring thee down from thence, saith the Lord. Also Edom shall be a deso lation; every one that gocth by it shall be: astonished." Jeremiah, xlix. 16, 17. These and other predictions were uttered about 600 years before Christ. Idumea was flourishing and populous after the coming of Christ; for when Titus was about to besiege Jerusalem, the Idumeans sent twenty thousand men to the aid of the Jews. In the beginning of the second centur-y, Petra was the capital of a Roman province, and was called the metropolis of Arabia. Subsequently, the country ceased to become a thoroughfare, and the whole region became desolate. For many years, no traveller passed through it, and the very site of Petra was unknown. When Volney travelled in the East, he said the country had not been visited by any traveller,' but that the Arabs informed him that within three days' journey there were thirty ruined towns absolutely desertedl More recent travellers have visited the country, and found its condition to corre spond with the predictions of the prophets. It is utterly desolate, uninhabited except by a few wandering Arabs, and filled with the rains of cities. .The ruins of Petra have been visited by numerous travellers. Stcephens, the Ameri can traveller, says: "For aboit two miles, the entrance lies between high and pre cipitous ranges of rocks, from three to five hundred feet in height, standing as if tarn asunder by some great convulsion, and barely wide enough for two horsemen to pass abreast." At the end of two miles, the traveller enters a valleysurrounded by rocky cliffs on all sides. In this valley the city was built. Many dwellings were hewn out of solid rocks. The sides of the mountains are described as "covered with an endless variety of excavated tombs and private dwellings," many of them exhibiting beauti ful specimens of architectural skill "Days and weeks might be spent here," says Lord Lindsay, "if every excavation were visited." The city is utterly deserted. "Every de serted place is mournful enough," says Miss Martineau; " but no where else is there desolation like that of Petra, where these rock doorways stand wide, still fit for the habitation of a multitude, but all empty and silent" Lord Hamilton, who visited the ruins in 1839, says: "Nothing can exceed the desola tion of its present condition, although the signs of its former wealth and power are so durable as to have remained many centuries after it was deserted." "I would," says Stephens," that the sceptic could stand as I did, among the ruins of the rocks, and there open the sacred book and read the words of the inspired penman, written when this desolate place was one of the'greatest cites of the world. Isee the scoff arrested, his cheek pale, his lip quiver ng, and his heart quaking with fear, as the nined city cries out to him in a voice loud nd powerful, as that of one risen from the iead-though he would not believe Moses nd the prophets, he believes the hand driting of God himself in the deolation and. eternal ruin round him." We will nqtice one more prediction con cerning Edom. Obadiah (10, 18) says: Edom "shah be cut off for ever. . . There shall not be any remaining of the house of Esau." The house of Edom existed in great power till after the commencement of the Christian era. Soon agfter'the Idumfans were aiisiglet with the Nabatheans. In the third century their language was disused, and their country was united to Arabia Petrea. While Jews. are in every land, there is not, so far as is 'known, any remaining of the house of Esau 'Edom has been cut off for ever." Predictions so exactly fulfilled, prove that the prophets spoke as they were moved by the Holy Ghost. Hence, all their utterances in the name of the Lord are true. MATCHES.-The largest match factory in the world is located in Sweden. It contains an enormous novel machine, which produces, it is said, 1,000,000 boxes of matches daily. Blocks of wood are fed in at one end of the machine, and at the other end the matches come out arranged in boxes ready for pack ing. Twenty steamers and eight sailing vessels last summer delivered the wood from which the matches are made. SELF-RIGHTEOUSNESS.-A good old rabbi was awakened by one of his twelve sons saying, "Behold I my eleven brothers be sleeping, and I am the only one who wakens to praise and pray." " Son," said the father, " you had better be asleep too, than wake to censure your brothers." A French gentleman, who supposed he had mastered the English language, was sadly puzzled one day when a friend met him and asked, "How do you do " " Do vot " " I mean how do you find yourself ?" " Sair, I never loses myself." "But how do you feel 1" "Smooth, you just feel me." "Is this my train ?" asked a trave'ler at the KausaisPacific Depot. " I don't know, but I guess not," was the doubtful reply. " It'd got the name of the railroad com pany on the side. Have you lot a train anywhere P?" 