THISTLEDOWN, OR JOTTINGS FROM MY NOTE-BOOK. [By SILVERPEN.] Although a fixture to Ballarat Bast as to resi deucy, yet—strange anomaly—I am only an oc. casional dweller under the Eistern stars.” But this, notwithstanding, I am, thanks to the Star, always well primed up in the day’s doings, both East and West, aind am often somewhat grieved that I am notin therunning” where big things so often happen, 1 think it. just pos sible I may shortly pop in to the Eastern Town Hall some council night meeting, specially to see His Worship the May or in his robes, and quiz the old and growing councillors of Bal larat. Thera is one thing “ sartin” (as Mrs Mala ' prop would say) the eastern town clerk will always be “ young” no matter if he is over the half century in age. ; \- Well, Scott, Robertson, and Cos., of the East, taking all things', into consideration you have been very , good “ boys” since the big turn-out of 1871, when John Palmer and ..Go,, “bust the boiler of the Town Council teakettle,” and sent the whole crowd to the right about; That was a big stroke “John” did, and I really don’t thiuk it was a day too soon. Of course by this time “ pile, shoeing,” “ tim?' ber and g;rog supplying,” add other little old time council antics are quite forgotten, and so they ought to be. But I doubt much whether even now. in this day of grace, 1881, the ghost of Joseph Coutts is not hanging over the Council chamber, and I would not be much surprised to wake tip some fine morning and read in The Star something like the following:— . “ Balla.at East in fur a big row. Long. dis- ! gusted withthe:perfidy of the ratepayers anent the new Post-office.; Scott in an awful temper with Robertson .for allowing the. new chums to bounce bim at the council table. Ferguson tear ing his hair over the leper episode. Gregory trying the effects of a few bottles - of salad oil in order to calm the troubled waters. The mayor * riled’- because the council, as a whole, decided to on ho account Lengthen , the skirts of bis robe of office, as they considered there was quite enough of the ratepayers’ money wasted already in ‘ Tom' foolery. Mayor Walker rose from his seat, nod declared 'they would ‘Gerald Massey ’ him no longer; Nor would be stand the insult about to be (he heard) offered him by a deputation of lady ratepayers, who, it was said, intended to present .him with one of the Major’s old boots, as a rocking cradle, because forsooth he .would not be hood-, winked into getting spliced to tbe.Grst old maid who.popped the question—although she did call him a H(<-)artless fellow for so doing.” . It would never do to publish what I heard up country "a day-or two ago anent the council’s action in reference to the health officer. I may, say, however, a.few of the' ratepayers met in solemn conclave'and vowed, if the councillors persisted in retaining the services bf the present officer after ' the recent expose, .there 'would * he hair .lost at - the: next : election. If - the insr ectbr of dogs was foolish, though much more so the other. ' 1 ' I like the look'of. tbs new sergeant of police. I think be has (H) all the mettle ic him required to; frustrate the larrikins aad keep under the Chinese blot . upon our good name,: but I 'do think we should insist,upon three stripes on his jacket instead of two.- Sergeant'Hall is no new chum; be has earned.his spurs.loag.ago, and can square the cirule-with most of ,the duty men in 'the colony. ' V I had it incidentally'from the'Superintendent of Polioe in a neighbouring colony that at any { hour or quarter of the day or night he.could tell the exact spot within-fire yards where to find every man. on. duty. If. this was so here there would no longer be a difficulty in finding a ; policemen when one-was . wanted, .and the growlers anent insufficient police protection ; would have no more cause of complaint. I have heard it whispered that Ballarat East will soon be so managed, and, if it is true, Sopt. Byall and Sergeant Hall will have/the best .thanks of the community.'' ~ I Von’t know how the drapers like the Salvation Army, but this Tlknow, great-mourning is 'indulged in by some of the country knights of ■ the tape and scissors -there anent. New bats iand.Utestfashion in dresses have.no attraction, for the lasses/, and; as a consequence, trade is. dull,- end new goods “ slick'.”. The host Sunday coats: have been pilt to one: side' by the soldiers' fur the red -guernseys, and soo the world-goes round. One; draper and clothier has informed me the Salvation Army clotbing store has re duced' his. takings' 25 per dent;, Well, there, is one thing 'sure:The , publicans, are .'feeling the effects'!)? the teetotal proclivities of the Army on their trade, and the grocers and bakers are rejoicing. ■, ’ ,/ • ■ ;v ;-.i 