LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY. Wednesday, 10th December, 1884. E'en though the day was Separation, Assembly cleared its pate From holiday's jollification, And met—good boys!—at 8. New Guinea Recruiting. Macrossan, in M'll wraith's absence, .moved that gentleman's motion (see yesterday's report) for a copy of all the- correspondence between His Excellency and the Imperial Government last year, respecting the re cruiting of kanalias from New Gninea; and also Mac's telegrams to the various ports on tliis subject. Treated formally, and carried. Estimates. In Committee of Supply, the rest of the Estimates iri-Chief was passed as follows:— Railway- Salaries.—Salaries of office staff for lines under construction, Southern Division, £7,590; staff of Logan Branch construction staff, -£1,150; of Brisbane Valley Branch, £1,250; of Highfields and Crow's Nest extension, £525 ; of Warwick to Killarney extension, £1,210; of Roma extension, £1,520; of Stanthorpe to Border extension, £625 ; of Kilkivan and Burrum to Bundaberg branches, «£2,450; Bundaberg Bail way, .£256; salaries in connection witth extension surveys, £9475; salaries of general staff, Central and Northern Bail way, £7,212; of Central and Clermont Bail way, £2,245; of Springsure Railway, £578; of Mackay Rail way, <£1,355; of Northern Railway, <£2,070; of Ravens wood Railway, <£1,000; of Cooktown Railway, £1682; and of survey staff of Central and Northern Division, £1790. Sam wanted to go ahead with the Supplementary Estimates, but the venerable bachelor Archer said it was past 11 p.m., and he wasn't used to late hours. So Sam yielded. Progress was reported, and it was agreed, on Sam's motion, that the resolutions of the Committee of Supply should he received next day. Archer was loose at 11 p.m. [ The above was crushed out of last week's issue.] Thursday, 11th December. Give the bell a jerky tweaker; Half-past three and here's the Speaker. Reserves* Jordan eavried a motion for a return containing all the correspondence, in 1883, between the Lands De partment and L. A. Bernays, relative to the manage ment of the public gardens and reserves of the colony. Railways* . 'Ouse, at Billy Miles's suggestion, adopted flans, &c.;» for the Coottown railway extension from 314 miles to 50 miles; of the Fassifern branch extension to the Teviot; and of the Maryborough wharf branch along Kent- street. Crown Lauds Bill. 'Oly poker, 'ere's a muss; 'Ere's a ghost rediviws'; Labelled "Crown Lands Bill" in name; Labelled so, but not the Fame. The motion was that the 'Ouse go into Committee to consider the Legislative Assembly's amendments. Now did Sam of wily feature Make use of his Speaker-creature. . Groom reported, without a blush beyond the usual radiance at the tip of his nose, that most of the amend ments were infringements of the Assembly's privileges, because they indirectly (if you go bach far enough!) affect revenue. Sam, of course; backed him up, though both Sam and Groom have always hitherto confirmed all such acts of the Council. After debate, the House went into Committee. The minor amendments were adopted j but those re lating to pre-emptives; to an appeal from the Land Board to arbitrators; to an extension of the period dur ing which a run may be brought under the Bill; to the increase of the maximum area of an agricultural farm from 960 to 1280 acres j to the reduction of the residence period from 10 years to 5 years; and to the rescission of the scrub- lands clauses—were all dis agreed to. A message, setting forth the reasons for the disagree ments, was transmitted to the Council. Respecting the appeal from Land Board to arbitrators, the Assembly, besides specific reasons, used the Speaker's ruling1 as a wand of coercion, by adding that it did not waive its right to insist upon the further reason—_ " That the proposed amendments will interfere with the public revenue. " Which reason they hope will be sufficient." Thus, instead of blissful wedlock, As should reign Between loving hubs, and spouses j Looks as if there'll be a deadlock, 'Twixt the twain Of our Legislative Houses. Mustard poultices drew out the House at 20 minutes to 11 o'clock. 