CLOSE PACKING, Young says,— No spot on earth but has supplied a grave, And human skulls ths spadoas ocean pave; AU'a full of man. Such may be said of the mother country, but even going back to the geologic past, it is hardly tree of Australia. Great as is tbe hunger of our land sharks, we have still enough of land left to bury our honeet poor decently in, without hnddling them together like herrings in a barrel. And our paupers are not so many as yet, sor our clergymen so few, that each one cannot decently have the" rites of the chnrch (which, in prosperity, they helped to support) performed over their graves. Some time ago, I read in an English journal, and the " Vagabond" alluded to it in one of his interesting papers, of a clergyman in Liverpool refusing to read the burial service over a grave containing some two dozan panpers; he objected to being troubled with any less than (I think) three dozen, tho orthodox number to complete the grave. Where paupers are so plentiful and laud so crowde<J, there may be some excuse for thus treating the useless dead. As showing the crowdcd state of the cities in England, I read in Truth of tbe 27th December laBt that tbey are aotually beginning to ntilise the oemeteries for tho use of the living. In London, it was stated that it is proposed to build houses to accommodate 400 persons on the site of the Peel Grove burial ground. According to the Times, this was opened by a pawnbroker named Kilday in 1810, who buried 3000 before it was consecrated, when a chaplain was appointed, who buried 17,000 in this area of 7i acres. Tne . bodies are described as lying shoulder to ehoulder. Each grave was lined ' with boards, and no earth intervened between one coffin and another. The state of the eubsoil may be more easily imagined than described, and now it is proposed to lay down a bed of concrete, and erect a block of workmen's dwellings on this hideous foundation. I should rather be in favor of compelling one of the great landlords, who drove the people off the country lands into the crowded towns, to build on this site a palace, and to be compelled to live in it, haunted, perhaps, by the ghosts of the 20,000 toilers buried below, instead of in the churchyards of their native parishes. How different such a cemetery to tbe quiet kirkyard, where There Is a calm for those who weep, A rest for weary pilgrim found. They softly lie and sweetly sleep Iiow in the groend. Who is not the better of a walk in the consecrated ground, where The rode forefathers of the hamlet sleep. There, with a pleasing melancholy, we can wander aboutfrom grave to grave, "chewing the cud of eweet and bitter fancy," and thinking with Paruell that Death's but a path that must be trod. If man wonld ever pass to God: A port of calms, a state . f ea*e. From tbe rough ngd of swelling seas The city charnel areas are hideous wens on God's beautiful earth, but the kirkyard, in its quiet and solemn beauty, has ever been a favorite theme for poetry, such as the following anonymous verses which I lately read in an American paper:— Nae dreams disturb tbelr sleep In the aula kirkyard; They bear nae kiadKd weep. In tbe anld tdrtyard. Tbe sire, with silver hair, Themotber's heart of care. The young, tha gay, tbe fair. Crowd tbe anld kirkyard. The hearts and beatings cease. In the auld kirkyard; And aliens re&t; in peace, la the auld kirkyard,. Where ebbed dark floods or strife, Dore-like hope, wi' promise rife, Plants the broken branch o' Ufa In tbe auld kirkyard. No doubt there is something fine in the fact of every creed and country mingling their dust together in our cemetery, but there is a something wanting in our modern general cemeteries which the old churchyard has, 