HARD TO WIN.' BY GEORGE MANVILLE FENN (Author of 'Ship Ahoy,' 'Dutch the Diver, 'The Foundry Belle,' ete.) THE STORY OF STRANGE LIVES, THE STORY: I860.— STRANGE LIVES. Ohapteb XXX. — A Dose of Medicine fob clare. 4 Is the girl mad ?' exclaimed Lady Denver, 4 What does she mean ?' 4 1 mean, mamma,' cried Clare, with spirit, 4 that I will not, I cannot, marry Sir Grantley Writers. 4 Clare, you'll break my heart,' cried her ladyship. Tom, this is yonr fault for bring ing that wicked young man to the house.' What — WiUers ?' said Tom, sneeringly. 4 No, do, no, my boy,' said Lord Anthony, robbing his leg. ' Your mamma means John Huieh, and I — I — I — damme, I can't under stand it all about him. I'tia sure I — I — I — don't think he's such a black devil as he's being painted.' Clare darted a look of gratitude towards him, and then one of reproach at her brother, who stood biting his nails. 4 Anthony, will you leave that leg alone,' cried her ladyship ; ' yon give me the creeps. And if you cannot talk sensibly, hold your tongue. Everybody knows— even Tom, if he woold only speak— that this man — pah! I cannot otter his name ! — is degraded to the utmost degree ; but he has managed to play upon a foolish girl's heart, ana she is blind to bis wiokedness.' 'Mamma,' cried Clare, 1 am rot blind, and I will not believe these calumnies.' 1 Believe them or not, my word and your papa's are passed to Sir Grantley Wilters, your troosseao is ordered, and you will be his wife in less than a fortnight now.' Clare turned pale, and glanced at Tom, who fetood biting his nails, and then at her father, who grew more wrinkled and robbed his leg. She then turned to Trypbie, whose look was sympathising, hut meant no help. She felt that she was alone, and, even in these nine teenth century days, being as helplessly driven into marriage with a man she detested as if in the days of old'chivalry, when knights and barons patrcnieed ironmongery for cos tume and carried off captive maidens to their castles to espouse them before shaven friars, or else dispense with his cervices. ' Clare,' said her ladyship then, 4 1 wished to spare your feelings, and if you had been less recalcitrant' — that was a word that her ladyship had been boarding up for the occa sion, and it rather jarred against her second- best set of teeth as she used it ; it was such a hard, stony word, and so threatening to the enamel — 4 1 should have kept this back ; but now I must tell you that for your papa's and my owd satisfaction we have had inquiries made as to this — this — Mr. Huieh's character by an impartial person, and you shall hear from his lips how misguided you have been.' Clare turned pale, but, setting her teeth, she threw her bead up and remained defiant and proud. ' After hearing this, I trust that your sense of duty to your parents will teach yqu to behave to Sir Grantley Wilters more in accordance with your relative positions. He does not oomplain, but I can often see that he is wounded by your studied coldness.' 4 Not he ; sight too bard.' Tom,' said her ladyship, 4 1 had h.oped that your visit to purer atmospheres, taken at the expenee of your paps, would have had a more refining influence upon you.' So it has,' said Tom, sharply ; but if you keep on making nse of that, worn-out cad's name, I must swear, so there.' Her ladyship did not reply, but pointed to the bell, and Lord Anthony dropped the hand with which he was about to oaress his leg and toddled across the room and rang, surrep titiously feeling in one of his pockets directly after to see if something was cafe. Tryphie Wilder crossed to ner cousin ana took her band, whispering a few consolatory words, while her ladyship played the heaving billow a little as Bhe settled herself in her chair in a most magisterial manner. Robins,' said her ladyship as the butler entered, 4 has that gentleman arrived ?' Been here five minutes, my lady. Ho is in bis lordship's study.' Show bim up, Robins ; and we are at home to no .one until he is gone.' The butler bowed, went out, and returned with a tall, rather ungainly man in black, who had something of the appearance of a country oarpenter who had taken to preach ing- He had a habit of buttoning his black coat op tightly, with the consequence that it mads a great many wrinkles round his body, and though he was fully six feet high, yon felt that these wrinkles were caused by a kind " III Ml | >| ... , of contraction, his body being of the nature of a concertina bellows, and chat you might pull him out to a most amazing extent. He favoured this conceit, too, by being very cartilaginous in the spine, and softly pressing bis hands to his breast, and bowing and undulating gently in different directions to the partyjissembled in the room. 4 Hang him !' muttered Tom, scowling at the new-comer. He looks as if he were in train ing for a serpent. Who the deuce is he ?' 4 Tom,' whispered his lordship, 4 that man makes me feel queer ; get some brandy and soda in your room after he is gone.' Tom favoured his father with a peculiar wink, and the old gentleman felt ia his pookets once more, to be sure that he had not flung something out with his handker chief. 4 Mr. Irkle, I think ?' said her ladyship, blandly. 4 Hurkle, my lady,' said the new arrival, bowing. 4 Hurkle and Slant, Hurley Court, Strand.' 4 1 think we need no preliminaries, Mr. Hurkle,' said her ladyship. 4 Perhaps you will favour ma by reading a few notes from your diary.' 4 Thank you, my lady ; yes, certainly,' said the new arrival, taking out a large fiat pocket - book, and then, getting into difficulties with his gioves and bat, setting the latter down upon the chair and putting the former in his pocket, then altering his mind, and taking the gloves out of his pocket, dropping one and putting the other io his hat, which he took up and placed under the chair instead o upon it. Then he had to pick up the stray glove and put it in his pocket, evidently feeling uneasy directly after beoause he had not put it in his hat, but not liking to make a fresh alteration. He now coughed behind the pocket-book very respeotfuliy, opened it, turned over a few leaves, drew out a pencil and laid it across so as net to lose the place, coughed again, and said : — Your ladyship would like me to begin at the beginning.' I Certainly, Mr. Hurkle,' said her ladyship, with dignity; and theft, with Clare sitting with her eyes half-closed, Tom walking up and down the room, and Lord Anthony looking very much troubled and caressing his leg, the visitor coughed again, and began in a low, subdaed tone indicative of the seereov of his mission. 4 Thursday, twelft. — Called into Lady Denver's, Portland Place. Private inqairy. No expense to be spared.' I I think you may omit all that part, Mr. Hurkle,' b&id; her ladyship, graciously. Thank you, my lady. Hem 1' said the visitor, going on reading — 4 Decided to take up the case myself, Mr. Slant being in Paris. That is the eud of that entry, my lady.' Thank you,' said her ladyship, bowing ; and Tom began to whistle softly and to wonder what the man would say if he kicked his hat across the room like a football. 4 Friday, thirteent,' continued the visitor, turning over a leaf. 4 Hem 1' His cough eeetned to be brought on by the fact, that he was ia the presence of the nobility, and it troubled him slightly ae he went oa — 4 Haisb, John, Esquire, 150 Duke street, St. James's, went out with bull-dog, 10.50, Burlington Arcade, Gardens, Vigo street, Regent street, Portland place, Upper Gimp street. Must have got into house, there. Missed. Took up clue in Duke street, 2 30. Came back. Admiration Club. Back home at 11.30. That is the second entry, my lady.! Thank you, -Mr. Hurkle. Proceed,' said her ladyship ; and Lord Anthony yawned so loudly that her ladyship turned upon him with a portentous frown. 4 Saturday, fourteen!. Hem!' said Mr. Hurkle. 4 Met him in Strand. Followed to Baddle lane, 27, Thames street. Stopped two hours. Came out with dark lady. . Shop in Cheapside. Back to Raddle lane, 27. Stopped half an hour. Came out. Cab to Jermyn street, Barker's— Barker's is a noted gaming-house, my lady. Hem !' said Mr. Hurkle, with a bow. " 4 Came out at 3.40 S.G. Cab to Golden Cross hotel. That is the next entry, my lady.' 4 Thank you ; go on,' sail her ladysmp. Sunday, fifteent. — Went to Raddle lane at 8.30. Joined by James Thiokbroom, alias the Major,- alias the Heavy, and Samuel B&Iaes;, alias Porter, alias the Lawyer, both known to the polios, and served various terms of P.S.' . 4 May I ask what P.S. is?' said her lady ship, interrupting. 4 Does it mean post ssriptum?' 4 Penal servitude, my lady, said Mr. Hurkle, bowing, and seeming , to work his bellows so up and down that if bis head bad suddenly touched the ceiling no one would have been surprised. 1 To continue — hem !— these three went to the Barley Mow in Hunter street : stopped, drinking and playing cards, till 9.30. J. Huish oab to Jermyn street. Barker's. Lett there.' And on a Sunday! sighed her ladyship That is the fourt entry, my lady. Hem !' said Mr. Hnrkle. And cheap at the money,' said Tom, .scornfully. 4 1 say, do you know where I was on Sunday, you, sir Z Beg pardon, sir,' said Mr. Hurkle, undu lating ' You arc not a client, and I have no client making inquiries about you.' 4 That's a blessing,' said Tom, for them and for you.' | Pray go on, Mr. Hurtle,' said her lady ship. 4 Mr. Hetley, I must beg that, you do not interrupt.' To address her sou as Mr. Hetl6y was in her estimation crushing, but Tom did not seem crushed. 4 Monday, sixteent. Hem 1' said Mr Hurkle. 4 Saw Sergeant Smart. Told me they were watching J. Huish. Member of swell mob. Well brad, but no money. Able to gat in good society. Been turned out of three clubs for cheating at cards. Suspected of being in a robbery, but couldn't be brought home.' 4 Great heavens !' cried her ladyship, excitedly. 4 Rente's jewels !' 4 Hey ? I beg your pardon, my lady,' cried Mr. Hurkle, pricking up his ears. 4 Get out 1' cried Tom, savagely. - Mamma, are you mad ? Here, I say, you, sir, get on and finish. This grows interesting.' He glanced across at his sister, who was holding Tryphie's hand, her head erect, lip curling, and a warm flush in her cheeks as Bhe listened to this-diary of her lover's doing. 4 That is the fift entry,' said Mr. Hurkle, glancing from one to the other ; acd then, as a dead silence reigned, he went on : 4 Tuesday, sevaatoaiit.— Blank. J. H did nut go out; That is the si it 6ntrv, my lady.' 4 Wednesday, eighteent.— Blank, J. H. did not go out. That is the sevent entry, my lady.' 4 Thursday, nineteen!. — Watched at Duke street. Found J. H was out. Went to Raddle lane acd watched. Came there at 7.30 in fly. Evening, dress. No dug. Fly waited. Came out with dark l&dy.; Driven to Raleigh's cafe, Regent street.' Dinner given by Madame Dorinde, of the iheatre Royal, Westernia. Company present : Madame Dorinde, the aforesaid J. H. and lady, Mademoiselle Ninon and Mibs Lester, Captain Barton, Lieutenant Demville, and Mr. Frank Morrison.' 4 Whom ?' cried her ladyship, sharply. Mr. Frank Morrison, my lady— hem ! — 1 304 Eaton place.' 'I say,' said Tom, grinning savagely, 'you, Mr. Hurkle. Theeeladies are a little fast, eh ?' 4 Oh yes, sir, they . 4 Mr. Hurkle, Mr. Hetley,' cried her lady ship, indignantly, 4 you forget yourselves.' All right,' said Tom. 4 Go on.' 4 J. Huish and F. Morrison quarrelled - about dark lady— said sharp things to each other. J. HuiBh wrote on card— I have the card,' said Mr. Hurkle, picking out a menu that had been crumpled up, but was now smoothed out, and he read aloud : «« Garland thought your little wife Renec would be dull, and has gone to keep her company."' There was a dead silence now, which Mr. Hurkle interpreted that he was to go on. 4 Card given to F. Morrison, who turned white and left the table. Got coat and hat, dropping card On stairf. Tookh&nSomio; / Eaton place. Followed, meaning to hake up: J. Huish on return. Some noise in drawing- room. Captain Garland of 24th Heavies came out. More noise indrawingroom. F. Morrison rushed out of ' house back to the? caf£. Stopped drinking and playing till closed. J. Huish drank soda-water and won. F. Morrison slept on premises. J. Huish wentbaokvat 2 30 with lady tc Raddle lane- : 4 That, -iny iidy —hem !' said Mr. Hurkle, t undulating Tind threaten! a g to draw hi oh self ! out, 4 carries us up to last night/ 4 Yes— yes — yes,' cried Lord Anthony, rising in great excitement ; Igud-Tandand? it's — damme, it's too much. Tom, Tom, my son, if you don't kick that fellow out of the house, damme, I will, for it's all a piece bf-- of confouifFed humbug. I won't have it — I didn't order this to be done— it's -it's — it's— a confounded— damme, it's a cruel insult to me and my family, and I won't— I won't — Tom, my boy, send that fellow away, or I shall— damme, I shall kill hiaC Yes, yes, go now,' moaned her ladyship. I will write to you, Mr. Hurkle.! .... The private inquirer be wed wery loW. took : up his hat and gloves, and, replacing his pocket book without unbuttoning himself, baoked ootoT the room, as Tern stood with Ms bands in his pookets, his little waxed moustache sticking out in two sharp points, and grinding his teeth, while poor Lord Anthony limped about the room, trembling with excitement. 4 Oh V moaned her ladyship. 4 My salts — — my drops. Trypbie, this will be the death of me.' 4 Serve yoii right/ said Tom, savagely. You broughtit on yourself.' But I don't believe a word of it,' oried bis lordship. Is— damme— I— datome— what's this aboufc Frank, too, and my Rende ? I — damme— I — I— I— wonT believe John Huish is each a blackguard. Will you, Tom ?' 4 1 don't know, father,' said Tom, bitterly. 4 I've heard strange things of him of late, but I can't take in all this. 4 There, there, my dear,' said the old gen tleman to Clare. 4 Be silent, Anthony ; be silent. Tryphie, ring for Justine to help me to my room. My heart is nearly broken now/, she added, ina tone of voice that seemed to indicate that it was only holding together by a little bit of ligament which was ready to go at any moment. 4 Clare, ungrateful child, you have heard now, and you believe.' 1 1 have beard, mamma,' aqid Clare, proudly ; 4 but I do not believe this about Mr. Huish; while, if it were true about Frank, Rene would have been hera to bell ' us, aha- ' She paused, for a carriage had stopped at the -door, and soon after steps were heard ascending. - rr 4 No, no,' cried her ladyship. 4 Not at home — not at home.' Just then the door opened, and Render, closely veiled, tottered into the room, to sink with a moan of anguish into her sister's arms.1 Chapter XXXI. — Maternal Sympathy. There was bo much excitement and trouble at Portland Place that Clare's hair had to go unattended on one occasion, and Monsieur Hector and his assistant waited in vain for the lady's coming. Short as was theiiiatauce, Mademoiselle J ustine was unable- tiT'Eun round and say that they need not wait. Ren3 made no confidant of her_ mother but clung to her sister, from whom_ Lady Denver heard a portion of the trouble that had fallen upon her child. 4 There, I can't help it,' said her ladyship. 4 1 do everything I dan for you children, and if matters go wrong through your Own im prudence, you must put up with the conse quences. There, there, it is a silly young married couple's piece of quarrelling, and Ibey must make it up assist as they can.' 4 But, mamma !' said t/lare. 4 Don't argue with me, Clare. Renee must have been imprudent, and she must take the consequences. She had no business to .en courage Captain Garland to visit her, And I4 trust that this will be a warning to you when . you are married.' --= Mamma !' . " _ 4 Oh, yesj l. understand you, Clare,' eafd her " ladyship ; buc I know your obstinacy, and I maintain that it would be utter madness for you to see.tbat man after your marriage.' But, mamma, you would not think of pressing on that affair now that Ren£e is. in such trouble ?' .What has that to do with-it, child ? What has Rente's trouble €o-do' with%our marriage ? Dear Sir Grantley has been put off long enough, and he ehali be made 1ST wait no longer.' Clare visited the decaff ear's the libit day/ feeling less and less compunction each time.. Then, leaving J ustine at home, sHewaS driven to her sister's, and left there by Lady Denver who had to attend to some shopping 4 Not been back ?' said Clare, eagerly, as she; gazed in. her sister's pale sweet face. No. Clare, not yet,' repliedReii&e; 'htut he will come sodri.IhopB, she? cantihued/'itfi5 a sigh full ''of . resignation; 4 1 am waitings And, now, about yonr troubles, Glare?' lap this wedding to take place ?' ?,r! So mamma says,' replied - Glare, jrifli £ bitter smile. 4 Like yon, " I ani tcThaVo an establishment.' . 4 Qh, Clare— signer, ' jyMspered ...Bjsftdg, Bering, rhpar;"' now tbiat Mr. Huish tats proved t<£jbe — ll Glare laid her hand tfpqn ho: - 4TLS8h/Ren6?|she craed dofiot gow . what youmay??hv listen to it. Neither wili I bU aha heArh word ag&inst; Mr. Huish.' 4 1 will not speak against him, dear,' said Renee, sadly t arid she gased piteunejy iq her £ £>: J yott Becee f My poSg iS&U;|g ! \- Yeur-posftionivefe me the heart$ihks . 4 1 shall wait, Clare. Some day be will find out my innocence and retarn to ask my tfeuiibn. bl wai¥ tiR them that, like you, I have faith, and can abide my time.! ,r . t , . , ,, . .s- i, p Clate thought of the scene she hud heard described by the inquirer, and asked herself u&eijier;: she.ehould tell her pj&ter.; 4 Why should I ?' she thought at last. 4 1 did not, and do not bslieve the part which related to me; why should I .believe what relates to her ?' In place of returning home, Clare per suaded .her sister to aoopmpany unole- where Yidler?a|iinRed rtbdth directly, and showed them up to theSarkened drawingroom. It was a strange change, from the bright sunshine of the street to the gloom vyithin, but it seemed to accord well with the sadness in the sisters' breasts, and they eat and talked hour after hour to the old man, playing to him as well, till it drew near the time' for them to return to their respective homek. ' AU this time the pale, almost ghostly- looking h&nd; was playing abebt itv the little opening, and indicating by its nervous action that something.was passing in the ordinarily oalm mind of its owner. 4 &n;|e, ray? £biid/ hepL at hear thatyou are in trouble. ' There was no reply for a few moments, and then she said, softly : r 4 Yes, dear uncle.' 4 1 do not ask you for year confidence, my child,' he s&id;, 4 for if it is some trouble be tween your husband and yourself, it should bs sacred to you both. I dreaded this,' he muttered to himself. Clare, my ohiid, I would.no t, if l could help it, do jaoything, to encouf&gey; botdaCt" indiiracuPyour parents' wishes, but be careful how you enter on thiB proposed alliance. 1 like it not ; I like it not.' Clare did not answer, . only stole to the opeBtng, and pressed her warm fresh lips to the cold withered imnd, Then thg young people f8S1PJifreir the yellow-looking hodKP7ih; 'Wimpole ' , street resomed its wonte a6peet b8lom. ; Sir Grantley Wilters wws.rto dine in Port land Place that e'vening. tiaS Rene refased to stay, PrMerrii|gam,q|d- ''of, her pwa home, and to hi|eWi:aink hope that her husband might retnrmfp ; q-.- The baronet vrijjj liqiiite bright and youthfnl in appearance Raving g6t the better of his Sate aifapent uid: JLady Denver smiled panMFely atjimr whenehe was pot watchiilSra'mihony ahdP aieing that he was not sorreptitioosly suppliedwith wine. Tom dined ai morosely oivil, being puzzled how to "act towards his future brother-in-law. q0llk e a. Sir Grantley knew of the trouble ' between Renee and her - husband, hut' religiously avoided all allusion thereto; he, however, found time and opportunity to mention to Lady Denver the last Caudal that he had heard coppernihgPimHdish.'. 'No?' exclaimed her ladyship, lay iug her plump hand upon his arm. Yas; fact I. assure you,' he said; ' I had it frqmothi fellowa at the clab, a id they were present. It was at a placa in Jermyn etreetVj 17 w ' How dreadfulT 'explaimed her ladyship in a low tone. v- ' They are retailing scandal about poor old Jack Buish, Glaxy,' said 'torn, leaning over the back of her chair in the firawingroom. ' You think he's quite square, eh V ' If you mean by that, Tom, that I think him au honourable gentleman : yes, I do,' said Clare, quietly. 'Don't yon?' Clary, old girl,' "he tyhlspercd back, 'I don't know what to «ay. Time book I'd have stuck up-fof-Jobn Huish against the whole world ; but now T ha Ve heard so many things against him tbatr— ' Heard, . Tpm ? ' Have you ever 1 known John Haishdda dishohonrable act ?' " WeRmo,- ' said Tom. Glare gid np reply, but her faos flushed, and she sat Iookingproud and content in her faith. Meantime her ladyship had been furnished ' with the last iiew piece of gossip regarding the young man whaJiad. goae .io the bad, and" was supreme W happy. ; In spite of FfanyStap's watchfulness, Tom managed that his .'father should have a little wine, and the cbnBequenc3 was that he j became very garrulous, making some personal ; remarks to Sir Grantley about, matters of the paBt whioh the baronet wished to be con sidered too yoatbful to remember, and ' suffering at la& from such decided twinges ; of his old complaint that be had to leave ; the table. Clare at once seised the excuse to j be freed from a presence she detested, and i went to attend upon her fathe, while Tom ! went off to have a quiet Cigar and a game of , billiards, leaving her ladyship and Sir ; Grantley together to discuss a few' more of 1 the prelimiLnarijes of the. wedding; Sir ' ' Grantley jgoing so far, wheh he left, as to j say that this wan about the pleasantc3t evening he had had atthe house in Portland ; Place, ( don't you know.V Chapter XSXII.— Hte is Gone. June loved, feared, and Hated her husband, and yet ehe felt that- it was in his power to mould her like sh much wax. As they were living now, . she dreaded his returns, and ieared his departures, for her life was to her ja : jrloldisi" and she ;Could not underetaQd hi8 way< ' Going 1 Away ?' eaxd June anxiously, as she clang to her husband's arm cne evening. But you wili mok be long ?' Don't knoW j pethaps a week ; perhaps a month; perhaps two?: June's ejpeB flashed, and she gazed angrily at the yquog man as he gat with his heels upon tner t'aole, smoking, and reading a French novel. 1 But, Jobri dear," she said, going up to him to place ope sof t arm rhuhd his neck, and lay her ohssk against his forehead, ' can you not take m? with you?' ' No ; impossible.' 'It is so dull hate,' pleaded June, in a Bad tone of voice?" ' I shall be here alone with that poor girl, Midge, and she is so strange at times, she frightens me.' 1 Bah 1' waVtbe;c6ntemptuoas reply. 'And there is a something about this gloomy old house,' said June, going on her knees by his chair, Testfng her elbows oa hia knees, anther chin upoh her hands, ' that troubles. me.' He lowered ijls book, and gazad at her strangely. ' Even chat poor dog of yours is uneasy here.' Ihe said. What ? wi®£flo'ayan-mean ?' he cried, frowning. 'BoWt lodk crossly at Tne, John, dear,' she vj'ljered fondly. ' T don't know ; only that l&T; niffs kbdot, and keeps getting up and and will not settle.' fpolery you t alk, ' he cried, savagely, aniiipeuediliisreading. . M-f-it,: leeliihied,; too, like the poor dumb heaBt, she cohiihicdi " ' and so dees, the Widge€- -Johh, there is something about this ' JftjlMi tii«kifrigns.ns;jaU:'<' »&te;?FHiar;iBxolaiined, angrily. Then,; oing tns book Dii,;the t&ble;, he .eaid, with see ghosts,. I suppose— talfl wbte ones,' kud they c o me a n d pull you the kind,' said r|«itte,.qutejlly, as Va strange melanoholy look 5«toid ofysir nertiice. 'I bnly toidyou, dear JhOf that thiB pTace. ifi ' oppreseive to me ' k'Bdi;tronble8 nip. I thought perhaps you awpy.V? ' ; !, ;he exclaimed. ' Don't ba a juhe? ' There— Confound it all !— let me ;yrS"pei6B.1:;v/ , -I r her . off Tougbly, anjd a strange into hen dark ey eB, but vifloilpi.stiobjer quenehed their fire, and, , quitting i jtqpderly; ThS Tose, hen t over hini , Nkisseddiim softly on the forebCad,'and then ;Stole to the window, and began to work ' J8h6n6W that the fire of his love had gone ; ' down;- 'ami was not even smouldering now ; " OWn ca hnrjoing still. She loved she told ; herself, and no " ankmdnterbti Ihis pirt could turn her from him. Certainly there was a spirit ronsod mtbln her at times whioh made her blood Bourse rapidly through her veins and her eyeB to flMbTW a passed away « rapidly a, it name, and she bad a lovmg smile for Him the pcsl moment j The Midge came in-a few minutes later to | teli him that he wasiwanted, and as r he left |; ithe room she lingeredqbehind to look gloomily ! at June ; ferv though tihere was no opea 'enmityj 3the Midga had tahpwn , very r little friendly feelidg, looking Upon her as auiater- Topsr and rival; anflt watting, with a satis- faction she-xiouldrvnbt t quell?, the inpreasiug coldness of the man she worshipped from a distance. There was Eemethmg of mailca then in her smile as she stayed in the mom and listened tc theJGehtieuian'sdescendiog footsteps., and tbe at ttSd : — e : ? - V , H&is; going awal' . . ' i Yek/saidfsJuap, Ivifch a smile;-, 'I know.' j ' Areyou giadjsaidThe-Midge, 'or sorry?' ; \- 'I am always sorry: .when my husband | leaves me,' said J uhe, quietly. j 1 Husband 1 Ha, ha, ha !' cried the Midge, | laughing. - j ' June started to her feet with her eyes flash- j ing, and canght the Midge so tightly by the shoulder that the girl-wiooed and cowered upon the 'grouud. : 'If you mock at me like that ghl,' -he hissed, ' ! shall kill you.5 TheMidge crept away from her and reached ; the door, while June, whose whiilwiad of ' passion had passed as quickly as it oame, re- | turned feo her seat. | Gat up, Midge,' she said,, quietly. 'You . should not anger me like that.' | .'I didn't mean — I didn't- want to,' said the : girl, humbly. ' But did hs tell you when he was coming back?' j 'No,' said Jaae, edgerly. fDo ycu know?' I 'Yes, said the girl, standing now with her hand upon -the door, cud her eyes ; twinkled'as she 83w the effect cl her words. I ' Hs ie going for three months.' \ ' Three months 1 cried Juoe. ' Yea ; I heard him eay so.j j 'No, no,' cried June ; ' it is impossible.' 'And perhaps longer,' said the Midge, ; maliciously. 'But why — why is he going?' cried June, j ' Btiged to,' said the girl.. ' Gutting too hot for him, he said. People been about I; watching ths house, and he don't want to be took.' ' Took !' cried Jqne, with dilating eyes. ' Yes —you're very innocent-,' said the Midge. 'Yes; took.. It must come to it some day. Father's been took lots of times. Ycu won't mind if he is, after the first time.' The room seemed to swim round before ' the eyes of the poo, young wife, and she laid ! heir hand upoa ihe table to try and steady 1 herself and master «ho emotion that troubled her. . 4 Do you know where he Is going, Midgo?' ebe said at la«t. j What 1 hasn't your husband told you?' j said the girl; and a look ol menace oaC3 ! more flashed into June's eyes 4 No,' she replied, quietly enough ; ' he has not.' ' 'Gross the water, then, if you must know,' said the Midge, sulkily, 1 to the gaming-tables and places abroad. But all the better for | you — he'li make lots of money, as he did | before, and then come back and spend it like 1 water. He did last time. Aren't you glad he's going ?' June aid not reply, out sac tmnKicg, with & ourioas look of resentment iu her eyes. | The Midge stood watching her, but she prid | no more heed to her presence than if she had been the insect whose name she bore. " But no ; she would not, could not, believe it. He must love lier toe well to bo so heart less as to go away like that. He had been Very cool of late, . she owned, hut still thnt might be due to his troubles : something had worried him, and, besides, he had been ill. He had had a terrible fit, consequent upon B&me; strange dog flying at him, and that hod changed him a little. She would and could make all allowances ; she loved him too passionately and well not to do that; and as to the stings of this girl —for she ws but a girl — what of them ! She spoke as she did because, she loved her lord, and she could forgive the oor child for that, since she as so repulsive that it was Impos sible to feel a moment's jealousy of stioh a one as she. So she smiled once more, and turned to the Midge, who was still by the door. 1 Why do you say such cruel things to me, Midge V she asked. ' Because I hate you,' was the uncompro mising reply, 4 Have I not seen him kis-i and fondle and love you, and is not that 'enough ? But not lately,' she cried, with a low laugh," 'not lately. I have not seen him kiss yon for weeks.' ' - : Her words stung June again so that she could hardly contain herself, but she mas tered her anger, and the girlpvent on : Why shouldn't you feej pain, too ?' she cried. 'It hurts me to sle him go; why shouldn't it hurt .you V . June pressed her hand to her Bide. 1 It dpes,' cried the Midge, clapping her hands, ' and I am glad of it. Some day, perhaps, you will be plain sad ugly too, and then ycu can feel for such as me more than, you do now.' .June looked at her curiously, and then turned her face away, for the girl's words had Started up a tropin of reflections. Yes, Ehe would perhaps gicrw plain some day, and then ? Would he be able to retain his love lorher, when even now- — - . She started back to The present, for the Midge had run suddenly to the window, which , was wide open, and was gazing ex citedly. down into the street, evidently forget - .fu! of the presence of Jane. June's heart began to beat just then in a strangely rapid way, as a flood of ideas darted to, her brain. Was something wrong ? Was he in danger ? She knew , now that he en gaged in pursuits that set the law at defiance, and her hands heg&.b to tremble, and her cheek to pale, for there were voices below ; then tberd was the slamming of -the apron of a hansom cab, and ihe sound of wheels, when the Midge turned from the window with a piteous cry, throwing up her hands frantic ally. 'He's gone, he is .gone, ' she said ; 'and without one kind look, without one kind word.' \- TUeigirl threw herself upon the floor, wail ing loudly in her mirery, as June rushed to the window in time to see the sab disappear, and, the full force of her situation flashing upon her, she turned deathly sick, and clung to the window for support. For as she turned from the window, and u j11 r iu r the rs'oiea df the retreating wheels fell upon the ear, there name the question, as if to . crush her last hopee— j 4 Will be ever return ?' j, i . And then iu a barst of rage which made | her eyes flash with excitement ehe cnea, : hoarsely: - ; - , ' Why ehonld he ? What does £e care for I me ? Get up,! she cried then, with her eyes as angry as those of some savage animal. Get np. Lsave me ; L cannot beaT you here. And listen, girl,' ehe hissed in the Midg&'s ear 'He-is mine — -my husbaud' in the sight of God. Speak again to tne as you did just now, and ' - . 8fce raited her hand with its fingers clenched, and the Midge crept away back wards, trembling before the angry woman, who followed her slowly to the door, locked It after her, aud, then alone, made one bound into the inner room, cast herself upon the . bed, and bit at tbe pillow in her efforts to keep down the maddening cries of rage and , despair that fought hard to escape from her ; lips. For tero, ever before her, waa the idea, each moment growing stronger, that her reign was over, that her short spell of joy was at an end, and thii bitterness had come ia all its force to her deserted breast. (TO BE CONXIXoED.) 