Miscellanea. I Grey haire are honourable, but lots of old sinners wear them. - ? - - : ' ? ^ '., , ^, ?. The late Mr. iABxence Drew's staa of ClydeHdale horsea. was eold in MerrytoH, Scotland lately, and realisect'tipward of 9000 guJdfieaB. ... . A good joke in 3J6n4on lately was the objection of some Belf-oonititnted oritics to the nnmiiitary bear* ngof the«6ldierein the new drama ' IntheBaucB. The men proved to be a detachment of the Soots At a reoenl National Leajae meetinsr in Midfflflton, Ireland, Mr. W. Bedmond, ULP., took a chief part. It was resolved that until independence has. beea B6cnred there can be no peace in Ireland, abattot the agitation for the abolition of landlordism must be increased. . t The jubilee of the pastor of the .Metropolitan Tabernacle of London, C. H. Spnrgoon, was cele brated last month. .Several Baptist ministers in Vic toria, justly proud of their dltna mater, and its presi dent, have forwarded an illuminated address oi congratulation and good wishes to him. Texas reports the following as a ghost story, the locality being Turnertville :— Jftst at the moment of the dissolution of a Mrs. Beneau, si* coffins were seen to come and hover over the house and then glide gently npward , to the sonnd of sweet ant melodious mnsic. Several truthful persons claim to have wit nessed the spectacle.. A nuisance inspector visited in Lefcjh, England, a poorman'a 'cartle.' He found the stairs in the possession of a farmyard Ci fowls, the only bed-room oocupied by fowls, and the eoa-lhouse stocked with pigs. The whole family wete in a shooMng state, and the head of the house was 111 in be3. Certainly some people will ' extoi' under peculiar conditions. .' Why don't ihe*. endfrate? ? Here are four ad vertisoments from the Dublin ITeeebian* Wantee an {sic) humble girl ; wafes £A a year and found,' 'Wanted as general servant, » P& «n» can wash, plain cook, andanend ; wages £5 ft year and found. ' Wantedstrpag active girl as general eervaat; wages £6' ' Waited strong girl for house of business ; wages i4.' What will Barah Jane and -Betsy Ann, who in Sydney talk flippantly of 10s a week, say to this? A child of Mr. Hughes, manager of the Bank of Australasia, Monnt Alexander, was strung by a scorpion in several parts of the body last Monday. Under the direction of medical aid the nsua.1 apclica tions were used, and the young sufferer recovered. In the Geelong police court, last 'Wednesday, Percival Warburton, a Melbourne theatrical agent, was summoned by several persons who had been employed in connection with the prodnotion of the pantomime Of '* Blue Beard.' The performance was nnt n. fiTifl.TiniB.1 flnnnesii. In each case the complain ants received verdicts for the amounts due to them as wages. At Wandiligong (Vic.) a cereal curiosity is on view. The yokels there are gaping, at some very fino ears of wheat, a singular feature in which is that although some are ' bearded' similarly to the parent root, others, grown from the same identical root, have no beard whatever, although in other respects they closely resemble the bearded sample and are equally well developed. The pTinniii general meeting of the shareholders of the South Coast and West Camden Co-operative Co. was held in Kiama yesterday. The annual report and balance-sheet were adopted unanimously, and votes of thanks to the directors and- manager were carried. At the election of two directors, the show of hands mm in fn.-imnr of MnitfirH- TCenneflv and Evans. Mr. Moffitt demanded a ballot, which will tak* place on June 18. Some very valuable dofs have been recently poisoned in Bosedale, Gippsland, to the great In dignation of their owners. It appears that poison is laid about indiscriminately. Mr. Alfred Deakln, the Victoria cabinet minister, is a barrister by profession, a journalist by practice, and a politician by natnre. Not content with these grooves to move in, he now aims at becoming an engineer without undergoing the drudgery of train ing. He has been touring in the country districts of Victoria inspecting bridges, &c.; The Melbourne World says: We have ascer- tained that the mongoose, whatever his other attri- butes may be, is better calculated to clear a hen- house than the most expert members of the fox tribe. The mongoose is fond of rabbit and similar diet, but is extra partial to spring chicken ; nor is he indif- ferent to young turkey or duck. In fact, he is known to value animals covered with feathers more highly than he does those clothed in fur. Poultry-keepers should therefore keep their eyes open to the importa- tions of the mongoose now so extensively carried on. General McIver, who is now in Melbourne, waiting a chance to form an exploring party for New Guinea, aayB ne'e a Sooteman. He says : ' My father was » TTig^lnri^pr, a native of JfewBhire, and my mother -wa* a Douglas.5 JI-Tras torn on the high seas on Christmas Day, 1841, and* am now therefore in my 43rd year. My name is 'Henry Bonald M'lver. I was educated in Edinburgh and attended the well known High school. The partiality for ihe fragrant weed shown by Dr. Moorbouse has induced a well- known tobacconist of Stawell (Vic.)' to advertise a description of tobacco sold by him as 'The Bishop's Mixture.' The tobacconist announces that his business is 'under the distinguished patronage of the Bight Bev. James Moorhd*us6, Bishop of Melbourne.' A correspbnflent in Grant, Gippsland, writes i — In addition to ihe disastrous news brought in last week from the Harrietville side in reference to a map having perished in ttie enow, we have had the intelli gence of a perfect skeleton having been found. Speov Fntion is rife whether it is that of Bloomfield or Lmdsay, both of whom were reported as lost some years Kg o. Bespectirg the' visit of the Maori king to London, Sir F. Dillon. Bell, Agent-General for New Zealand, says that his Government hss taken no steps in Lon don in reference to the expedition. The king will not be in any way recognised by the London repre sentatives of Kefr Zealand, but will be left to pursue his own course tinder the guidance of the Aborigines Friends' Association, who will no doubt tako up his cause in fiielr usual quixotic fashion. Lord Chi ehester, the head cf the London Missionary Society, intends to make ' fiena ' of the Muori ambassadors. Our old Boston friend, Joseph Cook, in one ot his recent lectures, gives a dark picture of the lawless state of society in America, when he says that^while out of every 10,000 deaths in Europe, only seven are murders ; in the United States, out of 1000 deaths, 21 arise from murder. Among the causes for the lawlessness which prevails, he enumerates the ani mosities which obtain between races and religions and political ? parties, intemperance, irreligion, atheism, the failure of the church to reach the masses, illiteracy, and the weakness of the Govern ment in protecting the rights of citizens and of the States. Dr. Emil Deckert has been leoturing in Berlin before the Geographical Society on the British Colonial Empire. He declares that by degrees all the colonies ' when ripe ' will fall off the ancestral stock, and he particularly instanced Canada and Australia. He recognises, however, that in any event trade between - England and the colonies will continue, and that while the British naval stations, ' which form a circle round the globe,' continue in British hands, ' England will never cease to be the ruler of the seas, and of the world's trade.' This is frank, honest, and good natured — like all true Ger mans. This is a story of George D. Prentice which I never saw in print (says BillNye), and which is a better illustration of his ready wit than anything else he said, I think. The old Journal office used to be stampinjr ground of many southern- men, more or less known, who liked to hear the veteran journalist tell a story or warm up a presumptuous. young man for lunch. Among those who frequented the Journal office was Will S. Hays, the -song-writer. Coming into Air. Prentice's office one day, in that freeand easy way of his, ho sat down in one chair, with his feet on another, and jamming his hat on the back of his head, said, without consulting Mr. Prentice's leisure: 'Seen my last song, George ?' Mr. Pren tice ceased writing, sighed heavily, and looking up sadly and reproachfully at the young man, said : £ hope so, Billy.' San Francisco possesses a judge named Toobey. Charles Josselyn was' convicted of a criminal assault, and in sentencing him the judge said, ' Leniency to you could only seem an encouragement to other bad men to emulate your nefarious example. Therefore, as law haa conferred upon me power to punish crime, I intend to apply such in your case, and in that of other like offenders, that the most hardened' criminal will shudder at the thought of affronting any woman — old or young, rioh, or poor — within the boun daries of this city and county. I have carefully con sidered this matter, end in neither youth nor charac ter do you show grounds for extenuation; but in deference to the respeotfol recommendation of the jury, I will make the sentence muoh lighter than it would be without. their mediation. It is the judg ment and Bentenoe of this court that you be im prisoned at San Qniutdnfor 40 years.' A consumptive patient who was advised to try Australia, abuses the Viotoriau climate most ttnmer oifally in MacmxXiLAN. Ob. the hettest day it ia no uncommon thing, he declares, to see people oarrjing heavy ooate or rugs in anticipation of a change. It'a a remarkable faofc that vlsitora to a country often see thinga whioh the residents don't — there must be optioal delusion somewhere 1 The writer's advice te co&iumptiree; in England la to etay where ihey are unless they are -prepared to go far iato the interior. Hamilton, Aide, the popular London ?ovaMst, Itae leaned »n eaaeBUafiy iuajrallui book osier *e title ' I»fnd«c6d to Society/' An AnsMDcn B&iress;, Miss Jonnstone, tdvertUeB that she will gtn a thin: of her income to any family in London Who Till in troduce her to eooiety. Sir Norman and Lady Daven port jump at the offer oi: the rioh orphan; and, aa in moat novels, Min Johnitone gets married aaa live* b*PPUyeT«ra£tanmrd, . . ; -n. Ik -view ot the statements' lately made mthe paper that -Australia is not a desirable destination for ax tisan emigrantsi it is satisfactory to »ee pnblished in itha English press a truthful letter from a young man ately eent out to Queensland by the W^ Bromich SmiffrfttionClub. The writer says that although he could notget.LWork in ttie large towns he foundi plenty to do in the country atgood wages. The TasmaJuan Government intends to ask Parlia ment to grant a pension .of JE1OO per annum to tiie widow of Charles Meredith, m recORnitaon of her contributions to art and acience, and the valuable assistance jrendered by her to scientific investigation in Tasmania. _, v- , Thuaawafr in the Dubbo Dispatch: Mr. Poole, one of the members for South Sydney, Bays that metropolitan conBtituencies have more intelligence than those of the infe*:?r. Mr. Poole no doubt, is a good judge, for I think it OS this gentleman who re cently talked about con o^-fe «* *ne Assembly, and in reply to the proveking ' what Ve ?--* ?™?e ™* from a wag below the gangway ^enant^ thundered out, 'Let the 'onorable meiCber look at 'is Erenoh dictionary.' Oh, yes, Sydney ij!» much more intelligent than country constituencies. »y their fruits you can gauge their intelligence. f-ae first apple on the tree is Mr. Poole. .... i As an example of what can be accomplished by cul tivation and an abundant supply of water, in the neighbourhood of Bochester (Vic )— a very droughty region— a farmer succeeded in rendering a Bmall patch of ground, about one-fiftieth of an acre, so jroductive that he sold £7 10s worth of grapes off it ast season, although he disposed of them at 2d per lb. The product of an acre at the Same rate would be nearly .£400. . _ ,, , Two small depositors attended at th& Ballarat brancb-of the London Chartered Bank on Monday last, stnd asked for withdrawals. One acted in a ntt.st extraordinary and amusing manner. He hurriedly re» quested his balance, and the cashier, in his accus tomed manner, and without thought of a run, naturally asked the drawer, ' How will you takeit, sirp' 'In notes,' was the nervous reply. The cashier, having then realised the situation , looked at the withdrawer for a moment in wonderment, and handed over the nepessary notes in silence, appa rently thinking that ii was au uncommon course for a doubtful customer to prefer the notes of the bank when he could have taken gold. A firm of storekeepers in North Canterbury (N.Z.) sent to England fourteen months ago a consignment of butter, including about 200 kea-s. which on the account sales coining to hand, showed it had been sold at 6d per lb, and deducting carriage and expenses stood at 3d per lb net. In one of the kegs the butterman whilst packing it inserted a glass bottle containing some account of where the butter was made, and requesting whoever received the keg f^ afofo i*i -mho* ftftnHif.irtTi -him Hntter w&s; received and its market value. This particular keg reached someone in the Isle of Wight, who has written out to say the market value of the keg was 14d, owing to the brand being unknown in the market, but that had it been any well known brand the quality was such as to be worth 17d. At Steiglitz (Vic.) eome sportsmen lately came across a jackass, with a snake about 2ft in length in its bill. They captured the bird, and, after some trouble, succeeded in taking the reptile from it. In the struggle, the bird managed to digest the head of the snake.' Dandruff.— For the last 20 years I have been troubled about as bad as anyoue I ever saw with DandraG. .My scalp was completely covered with scales, sometimes nearly a quarter of an Inch in size. I considered in in curable. About two months since I purchased Cuticura and Cuticura Soap, and in about two weeks after com mencing to use them I found the dandruff entirely gone. Sly scalp is now as free from it and as healthy as it could possibly bo. I feel it my duty to both you and the public to state the above facts.— Thomas Lee, Sewing Slacbine Dealer, So. 2276, Frankford Ave., Philadelphia, P.— Autt. 