GEOFFRY STIRLING. Br MRS. LEITH ADAMS. PAET HL—CHAPTER IX. " If it was done, then was it done for me," came as the next searing thought At a sob rose in Ralph's throat, choking He was tinder the dark shadow of the yewtrees iflj the avenue, nearing the house that had aeemed to him already desolate, bat now took tbe guise of a place haunted by the reatot a suffering sin-stained man. \Yliat terrible vigils had that room, of which the window even now showed palely shining under the sweeping branches of the giaiit yew, been the witness of! What torturing thoughts had maddened a sleepless brain as the ivy tapped against the pane and the feindmoaned in the boughs overhead ! Conscious that such piteous imaginings are enervating, and that never had life called upon him so loudly to buckle on his strongest axmbur of manhood and face a duty stern and'.implacable, Ralph hastened his steps, and feoon the deep clang of the hall bell rang through the silent bouse, followed by poor old Gaylad's feeble bark. The man who opeded the door fell back a Btep on seeing his master, white and wan—"for all the world as if he'd met that dratted ghost as folkf said was laid this long while back," as he remarked on his return to the servants' "Is the master ill ?" said Nurse Pretty man, looking up from her knitting and over her spectacles, and keeping the shining pins motionless as she Bpoke. " Be looks skeeFed-like," replied the man, "anil like as if he couldn't Bee an inch before him^' Norse Prettvman knitted on, but her hands trembled so that every lino had to be ultimately unravelled—a unique occasion iu the life hf a workwoman so skilled with "the pins" as to be looked upon as a household oracle _ m the matter of toes, heels, and turning." Meanwhile Ralph Stirling had betaken himsplf to that room, now, henceforth, and for ever to be peopled for him by ghostly Bh&pjbs; of horror. As he entered he seemed to see, shadowy _in tlje soft light of the candles that bornea in high sconces on either side the mantel, a caun£ figuregathered over the fire; dark restless eyes flashing from under overhanging broWB; a hand nervously tossing back greylined locks from hollow temple and high and noble brow. FoV him the empty chair by the inglenook was not without its shadowy occupant tonight Gay lad, too, as though subtly conscious of a haunting 'presence, whined as he lay prone upon the sUky rug, his muzzle turned, his dim and wistful eyes raised to that empty place. Twice—with folded arms and head drooped npon'his breast—Ralph paced the room from end tp' end. Upon what terrible quest was he about to enter? Whither would the dark and unknown pathway in which he had but as yet taken one or, two faltering steps lead him ? That! unfinished message, spoken by dying lipSgWhat—what of that? "Tellbim to make—reparation!" , We can make reparation to the living. The dead are beyond such tender grace. Wljat, then, of Gabriel Devenant ? Many limes and oft had Ralph heard the story- of the Bank robbery. From no one more tin detail than from poor unconscious Davejr. Many of the sufferers could, even now, be recompensed. Bui what of Hester, widowed ? What of Hilda, bereaved of "mon camarade," her young life overshadowed by the memory of his tragical death, her young heart saddened by thp memory of his sufferings ? fc Every innocent word that Hilda had babbled of-the father she had loved and lost now aamelidme to the mind of the man who lovedlier as barbed arrows piercing to the marrow of his bones. He knew not the story of Gabriel Devenant In its entirety as yet, and could but judge of it from the garbled version given to him by the wretched man's widow. Aooerding to this, Geoffrey Stirling, and he alone, was responsible for the tragedy with which it closed. Should, then, the sip of the father be so visited upon the children as to stand between heart and heart, rend life from life, and make waste and barren what once had been so full of joy and promise ? It could not be, it could not be, that fate should have in store a blow so cruel! Ralph was almost unmanned by the bitterness of such a thought. Life without Hilda —life-without love—the arms that had claspejl her close and fast to know such tender holding no more-the lips that had trembled at the touch of hers, to taste such sweet ecstacy never again. " My Goa," he cried," do not take her from me1 I can bear all else, but not that, not that!" The [inevitable crisis of agonising thought m is powerless to aid; oar pain o'ermasters us^ the present must be endured, but we plead with_ despairing passion that the fuiiire be given into our hand. Ral^jh had cast himself down in a chair that stood opposite his father's writing- desk. He leapt his arms upon the table; his eyes were hidden in his clasped hands. Hot tears welled UD behind their closed lids; a sudden sob shook him. A woman, in such a climax of feeling, would have found relief in weeping; but to a man tears are torture, ana bring no solace. " My love t my love!" he Baid softly, shaken by the passion of tenderness that thrilled him through and through, as he recalled his darling's white and troubled face — the quivering mouth that clung to his in that last mad kiss of pain and parting—the deathcold hands that catching his, gripped them close, and then let them go, with a piteous gesture of supreme despair and tenderness. His brave true love—woman and child in one—strong as the first, guileless and pure as the last—his "rose of the world," who had come to him, as he stood waiting for her in the sunshine, came to him singing of a love that could not die—singing of the divine gift she was bearing to him in her gentle hands, though she knew it not! Stirring with the stirring of these sweet yet pitiful thoughts, Ralph's eye fell upon a letter that lay upon the desk before him. It was small and dainty—the handwriting fine and cultured. Almost mechanically he raised it, broke the seal (of which the quaint device was a bird with wings widespread bearing a scroll on which the motto ran " I bring peace"), and read it—at first quickly, as with impatience, then a second time with clo3er attention. After that he laid it down, and a smile—a poor wan smile—curved his set lips as he sighed— " Too late !—too Jate, good friend!" Yet he raised the messenger of peace once more, pressed it to hiB lips an instant, and said with fervency—"God bless you for the truest and the best! Come what may" The letter ran thus:— " Dear Ralph—I cannot rest until I send you one line, juBt to say this—I will helD you and stand by you through everything. Count npon me as your friend, and—hers.—Your ever affectionate. MARGARET BOSCAWENV Did not Ralph say well—was she not in very truth " the truest and the best But the kindly pledge came too late. Lady Boscawen was fated to be still more puzzled, still more exercised in spirit in the future than she had been in the past, over the affairs of Ralph Stirling, the man who was— in her eyes at least—like what her own boy might have been had God spared him to her ; and Denby was predestined to be many times railed unsympathetic, when in reality the honest, sturdy fellow was only embarrassed how best to show his sympathy and conceal bis dismay. Having laid Lady Boscawen's letter aside, to be answered When time should be found *or anything outside the one engrossing idea of the present, Ralph crossed to the fireplace, rang the bell, told the man-Bervant who answered it that he wished to speak with Jus. Pretty man, and then—waited, conscious that the impending interview was one of forit. lmP ° rt 6hriDbl ' Q S from il; — longing -Jpke Poor soul came in timidly. She wembled, fingeringthe frill of her vast white ana making believe to notice tSJg«ntly r08e 10 meCt he r * Btirrin g his ( To be continued. ) 