TURF GOSSIP. BrADGtm. In consequence of the non appearance the weights for the Victoria Boeing Club handicaps, not the slightest interest seems to be taken in the forthcoming "New Year's Day meeting, and if it be true, as reported, that Malua, Plunger, and David will be absentees from the Bagot Plate, there will be no event to raise anything like enthusiasm. Were these three brought out to oppose Mr. Pearson's crack, the weight-for-age race would be welt worth going to see, for tfrpiigii Commotion might not be able to cope with Malua at a tailfi an^ilhree-quB.rters, both he and Planter wouldJseep the Brighton crack going, and the race;%ould, at all events, prove interesting: retire, Mozart alone will be left to thiairifown the gauntlet to Mr. Pearson's rfaftn^nSi, and if the pace be a alow one, he may snatch the victory from the gallant old eon of Panic, but Power is hardly likely to let the grass grow under his feet. At present the Nonnanby Stakes appear to be a good thingtfor Monte Christo, the best of young Jamea Wilson's, or Melodious. As the handicaps for the other events have not yet made their apjkt&r;&nce;, it would be ridiculous to venture an opinion as to the probable results. It is to behoped that the committee of the V.R.C. will next year en i deavour to popularise the summer meeting by I declaring the weights 'earlier, and by having an acceptance tor the Standisn Plate. ! Mr. H. Connolly states that a boy named Beach has left him without permission, and I cautions trainers not to employ him. ( Maud Sv the queen of the American trot ting turf, has lately made several attempts to beat her wonderful record of 2m. and has, at last, succeeded. In one triai on ffov. 10 Bhe did a rate mile, forafter being warmed opita a mile of 2m. 21$s., she started against the watch. She trotted perfectly level, reaching the quarter pole in 33a., the half in lm. S$s., and then fell away, passing the three-quarter pole in lm. 362s., and the mile in 2m. lOJs. Mr. Bonner (says the Spirit of Hie Times) was, not satisfied with the result and selected' the following Tues day far another .assault, upon Father Time, i The beautiful Indian aummer weather was | favourable to speed/ant} when the mate was brought out for the trial, the tber rooineter indicated 801eg. The track was [in' "fine shape, and' everything augured of success. Bair appeared behind Maud S. He drove up the stretchfind then trotted out a warming mile in 2m. 8ms. Twenty minutes after Mike Bowerman1 drove on behind a War Dance colt, owned by Mr. Bonuer, and Intended to act as an urger. Bair Bhortly followed, jogged to the head of the stretch, turned and oame down level for the word. The quarter was trotted at a steady gait in 82?sec., aud then she put on more' steam, fettiug to the half-mile pole in lm. 4s. lere she was joined by Bowerman and bis War Dance , colt The third quarter was trotted in 33sec., the mare plainly not fully extended. Swinging into the homestretch, Quickened, *-%,»> .« well-oiled steam engine. 1 he mile was com pleted without a mistake, a ringing shout tree tin ir the wonderful mare as she passed under the wire. AVaJches, held by good timers in thecfowd, were stopped at 2m. 9&, but the . judges hung out 2m.. 9is. as the fastest mile ever trotted. There was much enthusiasm displayed over the result, and Mr. .Bonner was congratulated upon ^ aides. After aiftud S,'s performauce, Mr. Bonner 8 I, .m » ?'! i ?. 1 "r :?: j. ii . two-year-old eolt, Almont Dudley, trotted »' mile in 2m. $%«,, a tell .performance'foe on* [so young. Haxy Cobfe and.^et* |CednmitfB now the champion doable-team of trotters in America, haviiw trotted a tniW in 0m> .or half &B;^ntnnsiiie the"record of Edward and Dick Swiveller. Tlw Yanteet lukvsateo I bad a match between double teams galloping, the winners coveringthemilein lm. 54fa. I regret to see that the AaoerieaiiB are en couraging yearling raoes, one having taken place at Gallatty in the month of November, The distance was a quarter of a mile, and -was ran in 25^ea, toe winner being a colt named Tom Prince, by Longfellow.. It woald .appear that there is plenty of money to be-won on tbe turf in America, for, ? by the returns, I find that daring the season of 1884 'Mr. "P. Lorillard von no lesB then > 84,202 dollars. Reckoning five dollars to £1, 1 this leaves nearly £17,000 as the result. Of this sum over 85,000 dollars, or £7,000, fell to a two year old named Wanda, by Mortemer, who ran 13 times and won eight It seems that Archer can flog horses as well as any other jockey, for he cut np Duke of Richmond most unmercifully when he hadn't the ghost of a chance with St Gatien. He afterwards had some disageement with the owner of the colt, the Duke of Portland and handed hi his cap and jacket It is laid that the Duke qlso found a grievance in Archer talking to a bookmaker. Archer (replied that be fvasa married man 'who had <mad$ a'homi' forhia family, and realised an jindepenjence, and if the Dnke disapproved of. his . conduct ^Archer -thought he cotild maintain his home ' without his grfcee'e patronage. The Duke' af;P<^andfor warded ja cheque for* £S0016 Aichpr, ,£400 as retainer, for the past aewoiiV. ridiqg, ind £400£c>rf next; aeiaon,'.but.<b« Jockey returned: £400, iwith the remark, that he-was not in ifae piabit of' receiving mohey^oif work which lie did hot perfohn. It seems to us fliat the jockey had the best of it at the finish. Lovers of racing will.keep things going at Moonee Valley this afteracxm, when Mr. Cox; will provide the wind-tip to this week's Christmas festivities. As it is so difficult to Bar which of the intending competitors will Buffer most from an indulgence m Christmas fare, I shall not venture'ob prophecy. From NewZealandcomea the news that Welcome Jack, SonNwester, and a steeple chaser will come to Australia under , the care of.Robert Ray. It is a pity tfaefi rat-named is not engaged in this Champion Race. Had he been we should then have had anopportunityof judging his staying powers. Probably be will meet sotoe of our cracks in the weight-for-age races at the A. J.C. autumn meeting. . ._ St Arnaud races are fixed for the 25th February, Tattersall's Club (Sydney) will celebrate the opening of the new year at Rand wick, and as the handicap for Tattecsail's Cup has been before the public some time, it has created a good deal of interest in sporting circles. I nave always expressed a fancy for Highland Mary, but if Prince Imperial and Uncle Ned are as good as reported, one or the other may win. Messrs. William C. Yuille and Co.- report' having sold,on account of Captain J. Haimes, Mam re, 10 brood mares, including Monsoon, by Gang Forward from Typhoon (imp-); Portia, sister to Bassanio; Felicia, by Tim Whiffler from Ella; River Princess, by Tubal Cain from jEnone.; Solid Silver, by Tubal Cain from Nevada (imp.); Sky Blue, by Spark from Azure ; - brown mare, by Hercules from Maid of Hawthorne; and others, to an up country breeder. These, with the exception of FeliciA, are all stinted to Rapidity, Also, on account of Mr. D. M, Johnson, the brood mare Zephyr, by Smuggler from Quickstep (dam of Don Silva.and Don Quixote), with a colt foal by Suwarrow, to Mr. W. NeiL The Sires' Produce Stakes of the Jfclurrum bidgee Turf Club will be worth winning in 1887, for, in addition to the 100 sovs. given by the club, 20 sires have already been nomi nated, and as the stake will not close until the 8th of January, there is still time for other sires to be entered. As the nomina tions of foals are free, and breeders or owners can get out up to the first Tuesday in Jnne tor a sovereign, the stake should be very popular among all classes of sportsmen. From. Ballarat I learn that the steeple chaser Wymlet has arrived at Mr. T. Wil son's stable,- this promising young cross country horse having been purchased by Mr. Martin Loughlin. , Mr. H. Fisher's yearling colt, by Robinson Crusoe from Rose of Denmark, injured his shoulder a few days ago. > & hope, however, that this fine-looking yeoogster will soon be all right again. v - At Elstem wick-park, on St Patrick's Day, there will be a day s racing which will Aw ap preciated by all classes of sporting nxen. The bonne bouche will be a handicap of 200 sov&, and Messrs. P. G. Dixon and Co. will present the winner with a handsome silver cup. The trotters will also have their day oat, for a purse of 100 sorn will be' given free to all, and I believe pacers will be allowed to enter. This should bring out Honesty, Len Rose, and others; and u it be a three-mile single event* probably Leithamstead and others will enter the lists. Shepparton is in the' field again with a good aay's sport for the 11th February. The Shepparton Handicap is the ehief feature, and to this the club adds 100 sovs., and 50 sovs. to-the Hurdle Race, so that some <of oar metropolitan . racing men'are bound to find thfeir Watf thither: The se<jre|aifc Mri Harold fL Trimiey, wiU receive entries for the Shep parton Handicap on the 26th January, and trainers and owners will do well to maka a note of this fatt. . , 1 »" The ^ale. 61 gates, booths, sc., lor toe V.RC. and Victorian Clab meetings will be conducted by Messrs. Campbell, Pratt, and Co., at Kirk's Bazaar, at noon, on Monday next. 29th inst. All who have horses engaged in the Nor- ' manby Stakes are reminded that if forfeit is1 not declared and paid before 11a.m. on Wed nesday next, December 81, they will be liable for the whole' stake. The Raywood programme appears this week, andthe principal events are the Ray wood Handicap of 25BOva,&nd; the Ladies' Bracelet value 20 sovs., the giftof Mr. A. C. Wilson, of Yarraberb. Entries for the handi caps will be received by the -secretary, Mr. William Gunn, jun., up to 2 p.m, oa Feb ruary 14. New Zealand canbpastof the richest Derby in Australasia, and it 4b something to be proud of, for the Auckland Racing Club contribntes no less than 50 per cent. .more to its Derby of 1886 than the V.R.C. or A. J.C. The two latter give 5QQ Boya.l bttttibft;jASi§yfi.nd Club subscribes ho less thanJpO^ove,, and owners have to pay only one sovereign forfeit, for which insignificant Wimthey can get out a few days before the race. Australian breeders should take advantage bf> this opportunity to nominate some, of their 'youngsters; because New Zealand sportsmen far® amongst their best customers, and Ishotfd -strongly advise Messrs. John Field. Aiidjteifr Town,' F, to nolds, James Whw, [W. \J. "Dangftr, - W. Dargin, C. Finlay. S. Gaicdiner, 31. Bryant, J. Pciiei^on. and otnersto enter fOr this stake. They will dispoyef the w«do'm of the policy it their yearling sales, fcur^wtth i^is rich stake io view, many New Zealand^ will bid ~>~nvv engaged.; atafce aloaas theWthof Jjumaiy. irhen thr J^rStofeoawtaSQifefer* trilli attended to. f<w,the>cG**' ior otij dmt afcoiMMV |».m yemepostfA' iuwe been ,1 rapde for Mr. Byron Moose to "f« anfrka, Aod-lhope he will luwe * rJist towire*o ©to Iriends wthe >r gop&ajaiitt; that should not be lost .. it oftyjfiptpatti breedtia w ithe A J-C. Oak*, to whiqh a «un of <00 W* is added.. Two-year-old fillies are eligible for this,Audi though we have bat few, I think Metodioqs, JEne, Lady Cla&dia;, IJlalame, Procella, Hag- - nlfier, $u&re;«L Waiting Ifaid, Schc Violet lifSt Pop/Ociata, Local Of Tell-tale good .enough to represent cctony. I would remind owaens that^ for this race close at the A.J.C. and offlcea at 4 p.m. on Monday next, 0e , inat ' ^ En# t>uBtwa«on the rampage at MBteia wick-park on Saturday lasj^ notwithsfannini the increase in the grass. Until «veiy haw spot has been coveredwith poach grasa, i< will always be so, and Mr, Haydon wul hav« his work cat pat to Improve the tnrf thU. season. Since the last meeting he has puule ? several improiremefifcs.enew stand having been erected to the Southward of the steward*, room; thetelegraph wine haa been extended , to the coniae, and on those portions o! Ihe txack opt cutnpby the trotting Bolides the cotrch graas^s^em'a tohare jba^eii .ahold. "The\ ^^ing8! ever witnessed, ,4^,,^^,^.,'oomp^l^rs; landing ji>rer,£he last Jence .in close company, - andbeingdead level ^waite,th& carnage , paddock.I, wab -jgAlaJone in '"M- Cy*W» i ft?n^' TOn *% H)ap^ pm .*"& nh*. i / toatheand Marseille winner offihe-sfceeple chase,^ave been driven in bngeies. Amelia ' Victoria just upset the rood- thine the Adelaide party <M in Anarchy. In the Grand Stand Handicap. X don't know whyamodecate performer lite Merrima should - be, called upon to concede 71b. ; to Bohemian, iw 1Mb. to Amelia Victoria. Mr. Whifctinfrham is selling off moSt olliis stock, and if "be doesn't_get. better treatment than this he is certain to' retire altogether. . Bohemian jta. a far better performer than Merrimu, and some day will prove that lie has not lost his pace. I was glad to see Mr. Johnson have a win with Albanua in the Two-year-old Selling Raw, and this good-looking $on ot Proto-ilartyz may some day win somethingbetter for him. Proto-Martyr claimed another winner in Primus, who picks up occasional crumbs for the Kingston Btable; thte director of wbkfc made but little mistake with Darrtll, albeit he had to give way to'Acolyte in the last race j of the day. Acolyte Js.by Jfejvpiinster from [Nightingale, and a{pand4>tea <one he is, for his dam la by Porthoa irom Approbation, (he granddam of Plausible. |; Toastmaster, a grandson of The Marqufe Continues to qistinfflnsh./himself intthe old Country. His latest vicfraay was. achieved yi - the Derby Cap, in which1 dae carrier! -Sni. lib., and won, beating a goodlield. * Only last week I announced that the wife of the celebrated jockey Pred Archer had presented him.with ia son. Anaizalian sports men will regret to hear chat she died shortly Afterwards. " L 4jeHere Arcber^was iiknost heartbroken, and T daresay it is 'the fle&th; of bis wife that has caused him to meditate a trip to Australia. . . - TJp to the 8jth November, Fred Archer.tbe ' English jockey, had ddripg the past season in ' EJngland ridden in 577races ana'wbn24I.r The annual meeting of the.membera of tins .' WarrnambpoP Racing Club took place l^st week, Mr. C. E. UmpbeIby in 'thechair. The report showed that the year was com menced with a credit/balance of £6212s. Md., and that the operations of theyear bad in creased that amount to £23913a. Id., being a net profit on the year's transactions tjf£l77 Ds. 3d., which although not; a large amount, must be looked upon as tolerably satisfactory. I should like to see the members' roll con siderably increased. In. such .a district there should be more than 66 resident members of the club. Regret was expressed at the re tirement of Mr. R. Twinem, who had retired from the committee. Messrs. T. F. Rutiedfie, XV. B. Rutledge, H. Murray, E. D. Evans, H. W. St Qointin, and W. Trigg were re elected memberfe of committee, Mr. R Urqn hart taking Mr. Twinem's place, and I net ? satisfied that they will do all in their power to render the next season even moresuccessful than the past has been. Mr. Hugh Murray refuted a statement that the club was going down hill, and referred members to the balance-sheet for the past three-years.: At the commencement of that period they had a heavy debt, bat bymeans of tiaid work the club had been keptgoing, and was now in a better position than it nad been for some years. Mrs. Dickson moved that members of the dob be admitted to the ground on all occasions, subject to the consent of the trustees, and Mr. St Qnintin seconding-the motion, it was carried. A vote of thanks ' was passed to the hon. treasurer, Mr. Hugh . Murray,who has worked hard in the interests of the club, and also to the secretary, Mr. J. A- Archibald, who, I regret tobesjr, Jhaa resigned-his position. -During the time lie occupied the position Mr. Archibald did his utmost, for he never lost an /opportunity to . keep the W.R,CL before the public. I nope the club -will be fortunate enough £3 ."accuse * secretary equallyienergetic. . j.,--:.. .Up to November 8. McLaughlin, thecracl jockey of America, had during the seasoi ridden in 800 races, and won 98. ;: -. By the mail l have £nd»n papere containing thsrefalts of the Hyderabad races. - The chief race of the. meeting was the Hyderabad Gold ?up, in which the competitors were all Anstmlian horses. The winner turned up in the chesnut colt Statesman, by Wilber force from Britannia, who carried Sat. 41b., and won easily in 3m. 84^. Tabletop, 7st 21b., was second, and Jack in the Green, fiat filb., third, the other starters being Mistaken 9st 21h, Trafalgar 8st 131b.*, and Snnnylocks 7et 1Mb. Statesman also won the St Lecer, beating Trafalgar, Jack in the Green, andiPfdmerston, and running the mile and a half in 2m. 41|s. Statesman was purchased bySouthall when he was on a visit to Victoria. Jack in the Green won the Peahkar's Parse, in which Sylvanus, ridden by ME. Maitland, was second. An Australian gelding named Song, by Glorious, won the Chuddergat Gun. Ad venturer«nd Epilogue tan the course through a false start, Adventurer winning, but they did not go to the post again. Jack in the Green also won the Merchants' Parse. At the Calcutta MonsoQn meeting Mr. E. Weeks won the Grand Annnai Hurdle Kaee with Noorong; Mr.L. Walker's Australian gilding Othello won the Woodlands <Cap, and PaJcen- ? hatXL Baddy, and Warrigtl,'fttl Australian a, won the other races." rZephyt eeema^to h*ve improved, for at th? Aptiere races BQ? lOst 105b. and von the Niisseerabad Handi cap, beating Constance, 6st Jlh., jand *3lijaera. At the Asansol meeting Squire won ," the Hurdle Race, Litde Dan tuo rlyaway Stokes, - Belladrum the Raasegtnge PunefSau^tuesa tihe.Oolliery Purse, Dundee the Handicap,*!*! tf\s A)Ht.rjUian pomy^ Bapta gave (several Arabs and Indian Pted® and MM them in the pony race. The Indian PlanUr't QasxtU says:-" In his absolute certainty of waltzing home with game little Sting for all the big things at Calcutta, Mr. Weeks has laid a local owner of some of the best horses in the country the sporting offer of 8,000r. to l,750r., that the latter will not win the viceroy's Cop, a cupwhich, by the bye, will be for the first tame for many years an honour to carry off, and which can be shown and boasted of with pride by its happy winner." The same journal states that Mistaken has tamed roarer, and Transferred has split a hoot The Geelong entries were received on Monday, and, on the whole, are satisfactory, lor the Cap there are 27 hones nominated, Gneaanork, Boolka, Coriolanus, Plausible, Helene, ana other performers being included. There are 27 in the Geelong Handicap, 81 in the Bracelet, 25 in the Trial Stakes, 11 in the Hurdle Race, 13 in the Steeplechase, and 11 in the Grand Stand Stakes. All going well, there should be some good sport on the banks of the Barwon this summer. Mr. David Jones, after enjoying a trip to the old country, is onoe more amongst us, naving returned by the mail steamer, and his numerous friends will be glad to hear that he looks well andhearty. The following from the Jxmaon sportsman Bets at rest all doubt respecting Fred Ar&her;'s determination to leave England for a trip to Australia" By the Bteamer Bothnia, which Bailed from Queenstown for New York on; the afternoon of the 16th November, the celebrated jockey, Fred Archer, took his de parture for America. He was accompanied by his old attendant (Solomon), and by Cap tain Bowling. Archer feels his recent sadden and terrible oereavemenfc very keenly indeed, and we understand that for the purpose of rest and a thorough change of scene he in tends to go overland to San Francisco and visit Australia before returning to England. A few friends, incloding Messrs. A. Cooper, IT. Ifitls, J. O'Neill, aim T. Trew, accom panied him to Euston Station to wish him tx>» wt/cujt. His present intention is to re main absent from home for some months." The Annual meeting of the Smeaton Tori Club will take place on Thursday, February 19\. The full programme will shortly ap pear. FRIDAY EVEKINO. Mr Barnard declared the handicaps for the V.R.C. Summer Meeting this evening. Time will not permit me to analyse the weights, but the following look like the best things upon paperHurdle Raoe - Gasalier, Hazard, Tantaliser (if well). Bagot Plate Commotion. Normanby Stakes - Monte Christo. Standish Plate- Meteor, Yately, Duration. Midsummer Handicap-Impulse, Boolka, Bend Or. Steeplechase-Black thorn, Wymlet, Denmark. 