A BOYAL GHOST. A TKLKOitAM from Berlin fays :-A fow nights ago the famouB " Wiesso Dame," or White Lady, the apMtmt famiUarl* of tho Hohenzollern family, is reported to havo seen by tho sentinels bofore the Alto Schloss. Tho legond of this appnrltlon is well known. An ancestress of tho Hohonzoltorns, Countess Orla mondo, is said to leavo hor grave and walk, in solemn and measured step, the corridors of the Alto Sohle s in Borlin whonover nny membor of tho Royal Fat.iily is about to dio. Notwithstanding their profound scepticism, most Borlinors, strangely enough, still beliove tho story of the White Lady. Tho capital is quito excited over the pretended apparition. All aro talking about it and wondering what member of tho dynasty is next destined to dio. The Whito Lady is a ghi. ;t who bas frequently bean seen in different castles and palaces bolonging to tho Royal Family of Prussia. Sho is supposed to forbodo tho death nf somo of the royal family, especially ono of tho chil- dren, ncr last appearance was in 1870, just prior to tho death of Prinoo Waldomar. A soldier on guard was witness of tho apparition, and in his fright fled to tho guard-room, whore ho was at once nrrostotl for deserting his post. Twieo sho has been hoard to speak. In December, lfi!)S, she appeared in tho pol- aca at Borlin, and said in Lctin, "I wait for judg- ment." Again at tho castle of Nouhaus in Itohcmia when she said to tho Princess, in Gorman, " It is ton o'olock," and tho lady addressed died in a fow weeks. Thora aro two white ladies in fact-ono of tho Countess Agnes Orlamondo who is roforrod ti by our Berlin correspondent, and tho other Princess Bertha von Rosenborg, who lived in tho 16th century. Tho former was buried alivo in n vault In tho palace. She was the mistress of a Margrave of Brandonburgh, by whom sho had two sons. When the Princo bccamo a widower Agnes thought ho would marry her, but ho mada tho sons an objection, and sha poisoned thom, for whioh orimo she was buriod alivo. Another ver- sion is that sho foll in love with tho Princo of Parma and mada away with her two daughters, who wore an obstada to har marriage, for whioh orimo she was doomed to " walk tho earth," ns an apparition. Tho Princess Bertha is troubled booauso an annual gift whioh sho left to tho poor has been discontinued. Sha appears dressed in white and carries at hor sida a bundi of koys. A DESTRUCTIVE Gitun.-A Now Zealand paper states that a very destructivo grub is at present causing great damage in the light volcanic lands in tho localities of Mount Eden, Epsom, and One Trco Hill. Tho insect is not more than half thc fh.n of tho ordinary caterpillar, and has a body of a whitish I colour, with a black head, and, unliko tho caterpillar, this pest attacks vegetation at its roots, which it j gnaws completely off, thoroby destroying all vitality. Whoa the land is exceedingly light and dry thora I aro patches of grnss fully half a chain in width and ; of much greater length ontiroly destroyed," and tho j sward can ba lifted from tho soil with tho greatest ' ease, and the latter is then left os though it hod boon proporly pulverised for tho reception of n crop ' of seeds. Tho oat crop sown for groan feed ls suffer- ing in tho samo way. and tho present dry wnathor appears to bo exceedingly favourable for the opera . tion of these terrible posts. ' Obstructions of tho kidneys and attendant organs will provo (stol if not removed by Hop Citteri. Read. 