CLIPPINGS FROM THE WEEK. LIES. (By ",Eglen" in the Austraulsian.) There was an incident at the start for the race for the boating championship of the world on the Parramnatta which can be re. lied on-though it was minssed in all the pub. lished accounts of the contest. Beach won the choice of place and took up his position on the edge of shallows, on which the water is very low at ebb tide. When Hanlan took his place he found he was in comparatively rough water. He said to Beach, " Will you move further in I" " Cer tainly," said the present champion, readily suiting the action to the word, and giving the Canadian the opportunity'of making his start in smooth water. I hear that Mrs Gregory, of the Parlia. mentary refreshment-rooms, has never had such a good time on Wednesday's as since the Scots Church Bill has been on the carpet. She would not object to Mr Harper airing his eloquence for several more Wednesdays. It is a curious, unrehearsed effect of ecclesi astical legislative discussion that it should have once a week doubled the consumption of Scotch whisky. The new Caledonian Society of Melbourne is a numerical success, and,. I hear, the visitors enjoyed the president's conrersa. :ione. Of the clever artists who entertained the audience how many were from the land o' cakes? By the way they must have just heard in Italy of the fonnrmation of the society, and,' consequently that there" were Scotchmen in Australia for the first direct ship has just arrived with 740 tons of sulphur l (" Atticus," in the Leadier.) Mr Harper must not be held personally responsible for that tremendous oration' on the Scots' Church Bill, extending over three Wednesday evenings. All that he, as a fairly logical man, had to say on the subject might be uttered in half an hour-and answered in twenty minutes. But the poor man, after each Wednesday's deliverance, was surrounded by a deputation of earnest elders, who filled his counting house each morning, aind pointed out the various " points" that lie had not made before the carnal Assembly, So there lie had to be ladled out of his system in due course, and so on until the whole of the " views" of the faithful were fully explained. Tihe Melbourne I'resbytery insists that its actions are, if not inspired, at any rate above criticism. The Rev. Dr. l1'Donald dissented from the motion superseding the moderator of the Scots' Church, on the ground of. the debate being conducted in secret. He referred.to thisas tihe conduct of an "arbitrary nmajority." These charit. able and tolerant diviines declined to receive a protest containing such expressions, . and Professor Macdonald even objected to the statemient tha.t the doctor hoped his antago nists " would get wiser its they grew older." This of course casts a doubt as to the pro fessor's infallibility, which must be painful and mortifying. The aspiration is certainly a vain one, as there appears to be no ground for expecting any immediate or future acces. sion either of wisdom or common sense to the hide- bound clerics who insist on control ling even the expression of their opponents' opinion. To those about to marry the following will be of interest -A young lady in a moment of enterprise became a shareholder- in a mminig company. The usual result ensued, and a liability to pay numerous calls at. tatched itself to the fair speculator. Time passed, until recently it transpiled that the lady was about to be married and to proceed with the object of her choice to India. The bowelless corporation, resenting this pro jected venture, obtained an order for her arrest, and directing her to be held to ball. Next day .the defendalnt underwent the bridal ceremony, and on coming out of church instructed her solicitor to apply for her discharge, on the ground that she was a marnried woman having no separate property. His Honor Mr Justice liginbotham added a new charm to matrimony by cancelling the order for her arrest. ... The softer sex have been asserting their rights in England lately to a degree that would greatly cheer the huearts of our Woman's Suffrage Society. Mrs Weldon successfully conducted the case against Dr. Semple for wrongfully certifying to her insanity: and at a recent sitting of ona of the courts, presided over by Barpn I1d¢le stun, two ladies sinmultaneously 'arose and addressed the court. In order to decide on the right of audience, the judge inquired which of the two was the senior! The infor. Imation was not afforded, and the dispute was settled by allowing the lady litigant nearest the bench to " wade in." The hon. the Minister for Defenice must have been hiding hie talents in a napkin. We in Vietoria have Ieen all this while doubting the effective working of his new militia scheme, lmt a San Francisco paper summarily disposes of all our preconceived notions on the subject. Under the heading of Australia Arming the paper referredn tn gives the strength of our defences as fol. lows:-" Victoria is arming andl brgmnising a land force of 10,000 men to resist invasion. Tihe entrances to Port Phillip Harbor aind Queenscliff are now strongly fortified; she has also four first-class gunboats, and several larger war ships.". Great Caesar! If we could only see ourselves as others see us in this instance ! ("Peerybingle" in the Treekly Timen.) There has been one private meeting in connection with the elections for the Legis. lative Council. It was a meeting between a candidate and a Jew. The other day an Israelite elector, whose name, I will smppose, was Solomons, called upon Mir Janes Munro and asked to be informed if his name was on the electoral roll. "I will soon tell yoa. Mr Solomons," said Mr Munro, turning to the S 's t "What is your Chritinl ,, e .?" Mr J. B. Patterson's visit to the old oountry has not been devoid of the usual in cidents showing the ignoranso of the bulk of "the old folks at home" with regard to all things Australian, I am told that he has ibeen beseiged by qsestimners who soougt to learn all about this strange other-eno--of-the world place, its products, resources. etc., etc.. Of course, Mr Paterson gave glowing accounts of his adopted" country, and was willing to affonl all the information in h.tj power. One day, however, he was ame-. what nonplussed. He lhadi been fuXetsihing-. all kinds of Australian infonnatioo.a smalli knot of curious inquiries, wvhes oas.of thems \- asked: "But does it take oag-to. learn the lis f guage of the cowttt?.'q" " , My inforrgt, does "not state whethler or Snot Mr a'tteron faintLd. I shouldimagine tla hbe.did. i " Je erratic Oege? Francis Train, who mr aswell known in Veictoria many lays ago, is still living, asl learn from an exchange, l Ie has fallen foulof the New York l'Pnsu s t and has been gently chidinJig them in print. r And this is how the gentle grain rne on the "rails," and sloes not trouole to put thq 1ijie?i. He cals the Press "venalscoun drels," but the whole apostrophe is worth iny scoundrels! Have at it ye curs! Out, damned spot! Whang! Bang! Wh-o- o-o-p ! Miscreants all of ye !-More ink! -Spartan dogs I hate ye I Roast ye in deep down gulf of liquid fire ! Turn the rascals out ! Come on feeble carrions, all of ye! Carrions, all of ye! Carcasses fit for the hounds! Goore fleshed, fevered lepers and paralised embeciles, I hate ye !-More ink !-Emaciated horned ediots, pack ter riors, and gliding ghosts, avaunt ! Cap and knee slaves, vampours, minute jacks, naked gulls, and dishcloth harbingers of pestilen tialvisits, have at it !-More ink!--Green sickness carrion and tallow-faced baggage, away ! Away ! Carbuncle-backed toads, dove-feathered hogs, and canvas-backedhel lions pale before me ! Turn the rascals out!" There are certain legislators in Victoria who allow their angry passions to rise and prompt them to launch invectives against the press; but, bless us all, they are not within miles of the same dictionary as George Francis Train's. 