"THE SIMHHTAI, Cwtrc or OI;I: ADIIEIIE.VTS." 1!V THE liUV. II. is. JI.M A:;TNKY. M.A.. or .-AULKIELD, VICTnlilA. Conversion— sound, cl-ar. joyous—that comes first. After conversion. Liie ami Labour. The Life n eds to b- nottri.-hed. and the Labour to be suggested, inspected, and controlled. Herein lie^ one of tlie most important ministries of every association—to develop Life an (I to o\vr*w Labour. Manoaii said : "How shall we ord-r the child? ami now shall we do nnto him ?" (Judges xiii. 12). In the same ,-pirit let us consider our office. (1.) There is not a thing in God's creation born full size. Growth is Nature's Law, and n • rder to growth our young men must lie advised to read the Scriptures prirately—to read them t-irui'/ht through—read them 111 prayer, in utter depend, nee on the lioly Ghost—in the light of those "Seven Lamps of fire, which are the Seven Spirits of God." Thev should lie advised to carry a pocket Bible with them wherever lbey go, and commit, large portions to memory ; they should be encouraged to do so by the offer of prizes for" the breading-; and p-citations. They should be made to glory over the Word of God in classy conducted by the most spiritual, cultivated, and attractive men that can b; found; and as soon as they begin to learn, they should begin to translate what they have learned into action. They should tfic/i the Word, pivnch the Word, fcidlcr the Word. Sowing beside all waters, the seed will spring up "armed men," ready for the Lord's battle. (2.) Tliev should be trained to pray, and to pray often. A young minister said in his delirum just before he died— " Lord, teach us to pray murh that wo way be taught to pray won 1 ." Prayer needs tuition. Very few know how to pray. If our young men knew the way. they would shake the nations', Prayer seems easy at first, but it gets harder afterwards. The devil is afraid of it, and hinders it. Next to the "Sword of the Spirit," nothing hurts Satan so much as prayer. Our young men must be taught the use of this mighty weapon. They should belong to some Praver Union, so as to keep some great object conspicuousl'v before their mind. They should belong to a Prayer Me ting, and be encocrag'd to pray aloud. Rhetoric in prayer should be discouraged, and all prayer should be Wiorf. An all-night of prayer is a good thingnow and then : it confounds Satan, for lilt people are losing strength all through the night in drinking, sensualising. and dancing, while °OM'"S are gaining strength in supplication. (.'(.) Idlen -s will injure young life. Our adherents must be fully occupied. We must look 011 every youth who steps into our rooms with business eyes, with a yearnin" h'-a'rl. that h • may become! a good soldier of Jesus Christ, and 1i<rht ni mfully under His banner against Sin. the World, and the JJ.:\\-il. 'The most unlikely looking young man mav prove a priceless treasure in the long run. Happy the association that " calls no man common or unclean"—that can discover the peculiar gifts and excellences, the ftrumj poin/n of its members, and give them work accordingly. If we are aiming; at the wide dominion of Truth in tiie earth, then our members are our instruments. God ha- given us them, and no others. Let us make the very most of them, that they may be " vessels unto honour." (1.) Our young men must have soriETV. If tliey atteiid Race's. Theatres, Dances, and Sunday merriments, they will lose'all their love. But they are light-hearted, laughter-loving, gregarious. We must give them Society Christian soci iv—female society—the best of both— society that is :-anclitied even in mirth by the acknowledged Presence of (jo b This will help the soul to a natural expansion both in joy and love, and unless they are natural, they are not,ii:ig. (5.) Some of our young men, however, have got beyond the " Ompauv " and "Amusement" era, and want to scale diviii" ):Vi-:'its and to fathom divin - depths. God bless them: Tl" v liil'st .have "Holiness Meetings"— special assemblies "gathered under the very eye of God, meetings lor being emptied, for being filiod-ior getting nearer Into the verv Iwnf with Jesus—for full surrender —for believintr all—for receiving all—for heart- searchings —for dominion ovr s:a—for wisdom in the war—for wre-tliii"- with nrineipali;ies and powers—for the baptism 0f Hro—fov all ih" enthu-'asm of the Spirit—for the Hope that maketh not ashamed, the hope of COMIX.; A«AIS. (li ) I would suggest that new and then there should be friendly ad rice meetings of a special character, not only to warn young 111 11 against -nioking, drinking, surfeiting, cards "iram-'s of chance, late hours and such like, but a'n'ainsl'the fascination - of unconverted women—against running into debt—against foolish matrimonial entangle- I«MII'N a"'ainst unsound teachers, bad books, enfeebling mcdicin^and, a'W '''/.against nightly sin-the awful sin of self-pollution. (7 ) We must bo careful not to interfere with home tnfliiVnccs unless thev are positively pernicious. Thewanderiu" habit is not consistent with " showing piety at home ! We should exalt the l.onv, by enhancing lis ideal charms and set home-perfection before our young men as one of iheir objects in life. Ileal spirituality will gutter where arents,'brothers, and sixers are neglected Almost everyi' of voun< r men has a home ot some kind. He is our uiessei1" • r, out] e11er of commendation, to that home. Let us transform him, and he will transform it. A good association is sure to b j well spoken of ill family circles. This is a sure test'-f quality. . \ We h ive to deal with the spiritually unhealthy as well as with the healthy. We have weak and sicklyiMTin" and falling members. These poor, unsatisfactory, i-thl,." ones belong to a special department. They are hospital and inlirmarv cases, but they are worth attending to Their recovers- through all-sufficient grace may be speedy and glorious. Sometimes dwarf child takes sudden start, and outgrows his fellows. If we have members spiritually or morally diseased, we are sure to have other members—good physicians who exactly understand their case—who can pity and relieve. Not un- fremientlv mail's worst becomes God's best. (<! \ We should study the leisure hour with peculiar interest. We cannot make our adherents all Jor J<"«s (as we ' would like) just, in a moment. "When I was a child I srake as a child." sis natural, — , and belongs ~ to God . . , s Durnoses, so that it is no sin in us to encourage that which is in no way sinful in itself, and may be turned to good account Our young men should learn shorthand, printing, dr iwiii" 1 sin"ing. illuminating, and languages. Let them bf'.riu ear!v t.o trad.- wirli their talents, and to earn money fo"tbu -Ma-t- r'- woi k. Competition with the people of the world bavin"" :i"bl r -ii-I- in view, will make them exact workmen, Ue"p ih ',u ;''•..m vanity, and hallow their volun tai v occupations (in.) Finally, u. ::! lovalty to Chr.-t—'/.' cultivate in th m the We can never prosp elevating in them the spirit of .'.i.'iiia be our supreme desire—let, us : rit of lovalty to their own Church, e. iieiii'i dishonourable. We have ,:'"al faithfulness of the churches AGREED to the SIIOS whose young 111 11 w iiinrt. We must never undermine their continence i.. 1 '•• own body by unduly exalting ours. 11 their cmg: ,i,:.iii> or corporations arc dead, let us aim at reviving Hi ">'i. Let us get their young men and bathe ,hem in the fervent waters of our love, and send them back a <r aiu among their own people a burning mass of lighted "and life-giving intelligence. There are cities where our society is as\m altar—an altar of brass, standing without the Tempi 1 ', on which the sacred fire burns continually, and from which the live coals are carried to the golden altar—the altar of incense within—making the churches more prayerful, more real, more pleasing to God. We must have lio sympathy with divisions, otherwise we shall be ourselves divided. If we begin by giving the denominations young men of the first class, we shall have a sure reward. The time will come in the rotation of God's providence, and in the dealings of God's equity, when they whom we now serve will plentifully serve us. They will pay us back again in dauntless leaders, prndent counsellors, trustworthy officers, fervent evangelists, and in the spotless lives of hundreds of working and praying members, whom they have trained up from infancy in the nurture and admonition of the Lord. 