/'.; /, Practical 8oienc6. ' / : ? | ,Qn .Monday evening a lecture of a very intci'cciing. character, was , delivered in the :To'\vi( Hall,' Balmain, by. Mr. W'm. ;M,. Hamlet, F.C.S;, ; of the . Teohnical College, Sydney, : on f Pmctieal. scion'ce in. everyday life.' ' His Worship the Mayor (Mr. J, Cameron), pre sided. Tha . audience ; was hot so large as the subject and the ability oE the lecturer deserved, but it was an appreciative one.' ; | The Chairman, in' introducing the lecturer,' spoke of the value a knowledge of science was to all, . more especially such a community as that'' of Balmain, and while ho was sorry to see such n small audienoe, ho was sure till pro sent would duly appreciate the lcetuie. Mr. Hamlet, after^ 'referring to science gene rally, and to the' region 'or physic science being the; frontier of botany and the animal kingdom, ' explained in a very simple and in structive manner, the olasses— solids, liquid?, and gases. Attci dealing with solids, lit; showed how the .atoms comprising liquids, by means of- heat, were- .brought into motion -, ana the ^pressure, of uir. 'gas was exemplified by meaUB of an air pump, the pressure being 151b to. the. square inch. :The constmctio.n-.of the barometer ' was , then explained, and; also the. way in which the ' approaching weather could bo denoted. He* next dealt with [vibrations, and by means of his experiments produced diatibot kiukfW sounds on a wirejglass, and an o«k!stick/ By means of particles bf sand he' varied the tone#; given by the glaaa. He proved how'; the atoms lead could be setjinjnotian by firat Wting a bullet with a hammer/ aad . then placlngithe flattened and wanq lead near ia magdet, cAdsing rapid revolutions bf a needle nnder a gCMa; . By means of a oadibmeter .he. . show^'iwhatlipfluence and feree (light had ; rfpon objeots, and how sound eouldj paradoxi cally speaking, .''bo brought to view. He ex-. , plained the construction of the thermometer and thValterations that have been made in it. by the French ; also the expansion and con-' traction of metals. Daring his discourse he gave many interesting and practical illustra tiOns'by means of instruments he had fixed to a table, even to showing how Professor-Pepped produced his ' ghost,' and received! at inter vals, ..well-merited applause, - The lecturer in concluding his lecture explained .that the object of the Board of Technical Edncatiori had in view in sending him to balmain was to eneouragc the establishment oiT science classes in their midst. He stated that he. ..would; receive .the nampsl oft'-^li prions who were willing tojsttend' the classeBi ' afid he-hoped to get a gbod number, . . : i ? Mr. M'.Langhlin pfopoebd a vote of thanks to the leoturcr, which was seconded by Mr. M'Kay, - who, while thanking the lecturer, ?poke of the usefulness of an education in the science they had placed before tb'cm that night. .. , , , ; i The Chairman, in conveying the vote to the lecturer, heartily endorsed what the previous speakers had said, and expressed a hope that a large number of names would be handed in, and that ? lasses would lie formed in Balmain , at aftce. After the lecturer, liad returned thanks, Mr, Poole proposed a vote of tlianks to tne chair man, which was carried by acclamation .' Mr. Hamlet delivered a second lecture in tha Oddtellows' Hall, Darling-street, on Tues day, before a larger audience than lie had the i previous evenihg. He explained the telephone and the system of telegraphy, and dealt gene rally with the subject of electricity, making his rematkc still more - interesting by a series of experiments. Mr. McKay occupied the chair in the absence of Mr. Garrard, M.P., who was unavoidably detained with his duties at the House. ? At tha close of the lccture a vote of thanks was passed to the lecturer on tha proposition of Messrs. J. Brakewell and Hyland, and another to tho Board of Technical ?Education *' by' Messrs. J. Atkinson and W. Ferrier. A number of names of persons wil ling to' join classes were handed in. 