COLDS AxD CuHLLw.--W lat is a cold 2 It is a disturbance of the balance between the several parts of.tihe nervous system, brought about by the shock of a suidden exposure to the depressing effect of " chill: " although the same physiological results may be pro duced on the organuism by tihe operation of any agent whlich is capable of giving the nervous system a similar shock, and thus creating the same kind of disturbance. Nature's provisions against the consequences of a chill, and for the prevention of cold, are sneezing and shivering. A violent fit of sneezing often saves a chilled body the consequences of the nerve depressed or shock to which it has been subjected; and this shock may, in its first impression be limited in its area; for example, the small extent covered by a drauglht of cold air rushing thllrough the crevice of a door or window. The nerve contres are aroused from their collapse by the commotion or ex plosive influence of the sneeze. If sneezing fails nature will try a shiver, which acts mechancially in the same way. If this fails, the effects are likely to be very serious, and bad consequences are likely to ensue. The most popular notion reverse the order of events. And hence we get the old saying: -"If there is sneezing tlhe cold will be slight, if there is shivering it will be grave; " \- whereas it is slight when sneezing suffices to recover the nervous system quicker from its depression, and grave when even strong shivering fails to do so. In case of chill, threatened cold, sneezing may be produced by a pinch of esnuff of any kind. This is how some of the vaunted " cures" of cold by snuff are brought about. Or brisk exer cise may ward off tohe attack. The popular idea is that the circulation is restored by those remedies, but the true explanation is that the nervous system and contres are aroused. The first stops towards an intelli gent treatment of chill and cold is a scien tific recognition of their nature.-Lancet. PaoFEssonr HOLLOWVAY.-In Germany and in Scotland society is divided almost equally into two parts-one of them professors and one of them not; but in England the title is far from common, and is seldom applied even to those who have a right to it. Pro fessor Hollowvay, however, was always called Professor Hollowvay--I am afraid somewhat in derision; there is no doubt that hlie was considered a quack, nor can it be wondered at, when one remembers tihe means ihe em ployed to procure notoriety. It was his boast that on one particular day he had an advertisement in every newspaper in Eng land, and that his yearly expenditure in that way amounted to .10,000. It is difficult to imagine that a person of this sort could have been deeply interested in the welfare of the human race; yet it un doubtedly was so, as the benefactions he made during his life, abundantly testified. A dying man may give anything to anybody without self sacrifice, but the professor on acted his deeds of gift while hlie was strong and hbale. If the instructions hlie thus founded should bear their expected fruit, this pillmaker and pullffer will have conferred greater benefits oin his country than perhaps any private individual has ever done. There is nothing, therefore, it seems, in moree vulgarity to prevent the exercise of great virtues, such as generosity. Dickens -to whom, by-the-by, the professor offered a thousand pounds to mention his pills in any one of his works-has pointed this out in Nicholas Nickleby, when he drew the Brothers Choeeryblo, of whom nobody who was anybody could entertain a high opinion, because they " put their huives iuto their mouths."-London Town Talk in MIol bourno Argus. A STiaNuoc STOcY OF Tor : StEA.-Tho American brig Mary Coleste, 278 tons register, under the command of Captain Bob Floming, sailed from this port recently, says the New York Herald. Ten days ago a British merchantman, sailing in the Medi terranean, saw the Mary Colesto a few miles leeward with sails set, yet behaving in such a manner that a sailor could see that some thing was wrong. Receiving no answer to their signal, they boarded her. The sight that greeted them there excited a fooling of intense curiosity. Every sail was set, the tiller was lashed, and not a rope out of place. Everything below and aloft was in perfect order. The fire was burning quietly in the galley. The dinner was standing intasted and scarcely cold. The cargo in the hold was intact. The pumps were dry. No one, living or dead, was on board. The sailors searched vainly for an explanation of the sudden disappearance of the captain, his wife, his child, and crow. The log, written up to the hour of her recovery, showed that she hailed from Boston. There was not a drop of blood, a lock of hair, a disordered room, or anything to show a sign of struggle. The boats were in their places. There was not the slightest clue by which a reasonable hypothesis could be advanced to explain where the crow had gone. From tlhat day to this not the slightest clue had been obtained by its owners, nor have they over been able to frame an explanation of how she was abandoned. Captain Fleming says she has been a lucky ship ever since, and that never a ghost or speck of those who vanished has ever appeared on her since. In the cabin a child's toys were scattered around, ands a piece of a woman's dress was still under the needle of the sowing-machine. ENSILAhE. - MIRany persons have been making oexperiments on ensilage during the present year; but nearly all have tried it with a view to seeing whether green forage would keep sound in anu air-tight and water tight pit, duly weighted on the surface, in default of being absolutely closed. That it would eeop under such conditions ought to have gono without asking. What ensilago does is (1) to increase the nutritive powers of green forago; (2) to obviate waste; (3) to save time; (-I) to increase tihe productive powers of the soil. It does the first, if in no other way, by musaling the forageo more digestible; the second by saving a crop from deterioration by exposure to weather; the third by putting the least possible time between cutting and storing; the fourth, as a sequence of the third, by enabling the farmer to cut a donblo crop yearly, by giving him opportunity for enlarging hIis stock of cattle, and by enormously increas ing the value and amount of manure. I know from the correspondence which I have had (at one time nearly that of a department in a govcrnment oflice), that the conlstructlon oe silos is going on on the new plan practised in the United States, and sketched in my little book on tile subject in India and Australia, as well as generally in Europe. A day or two ago I gave leave to a correspondent to translate my book on uensilago into Swedish. Most English silos of which I have read are made in too shallow masonry. It stands to reason that this increases the expense per cubic yard. They should be from twenty to twenty-five feet deep if they are to be made in the cheapest way. I believe that my friend MIr. Samuel Whitbread has made the best hitherto constructed in England. The main object of ensilage is to get two crops a year off the same land. Silos are profitable if they obviate loss; most gainful when they increase produce. I should add, however, that cattle need cleanliness and ventilation as much as human beings do; and I do not wonder at disease being prevalent in English herds, and for the matter of that in flocks, when I see the dark filthy dens in which they are generally housed, and the wasteful way in which they are exposed to weather. Our forefathers kept their sheep under cover from November to April. Had silos been common in England, millions of pounds worth of fodder would have been saved last summer, and not much less worth of after math would be saved now. I should have thought that this was the time in which English agriculture could not afford to neglect small economies, let alone great ones.-J. E. Thorold Rogers, Oxford, in the Times. To ATT.uS Lo.o LIE.-Some one wisely says that hlie who strives after a long and pleasant term of life must seek to attain continual equanimity and carefully to avoid everything which too violently taxes his feelings. Nothing more quickly consumes the vigour of life than the violence of the emotions of the mind. We know that anxiety and care can destroy the healthiest body; we know that fright and fear, yes, excess of joy, becomes deadly. Those who are naturally cool and of a quiet turn of mind, upon whom nothing can make too powerful an impression, who are not wont to be excited either by great sorrow or great joy, have the best chance of living long and happy after their manner. Preserve, there fore, under all circumstances, a composure of mind which no happiness, no misfortune, can too much disturb. Love nothing too violently; hate nothing too passionately; fear nothing too strongly. Some interesting figures are given in tihe current number of Truth, showing the earn ings of a number of our well-known writers. Disraeli, it is stated, made by his pen £80,000; Byron, £23,000, Lord Miacaulay received £20,000 on account of three-fourths net profits for his history. Thiers and Lamartine received nearly £20,000 each for thllehir respective histories. Thackeray is said never to have received £5000 for any of his novels. Sir Walter Scott was paid £110,000 for eleven novels of three volumes each and nine volumes of Tales of my Landlord. For one novel he received £10,000, and between November 1825 and June 1827 he received £26,000 for literary work. Lord Lytton is said to have made .£80,000 by his novels; Dickens, it has been computed, ought to have beeu making £10,000 a year for the three years prior to the piublication of Nicholas Nickleby; and Trollope in twenty years made £70,000. At the Gotha cremation establishment the charges are--Forthe removal of the corpse from the railway-station to the cemetery, P0s.; for the cremation itself, £7 10s. The establishment, which was erected in 1878, is very complete, and cost for the machinery and buildings nearly £5000. The whole process occupies about two hours. MIr. Henry Irving's receipts for one week's performance in Boston are said to have amounted to the extraordinary sum of £8769. There are stated to be now only three men in the British House of Commons who were there when Victoria ascended the throne, forty-seven years ago. They are Mr. Gladstone, MIr. Talbot, member for Glamor ganshiro, and MIr. Villiers, member for Wolvorhampton. Earl Grey is the only living member of the cabinet who was in offlice at that time. An excellent plant for hedges and fences, the I3allarat Courier states, is the Kaffir thorn, a fence of which can now be seen in splondid condition at the botanic-gardens, Ballarat. Mr. Longley, the curator, speaks in tile highest terms of the rapid and dense growth of the plant, and he considers it eminently suitablo for hedges. A lecturer discoursing on the subject of health, inquired, " What use can a man mako of his time while waiting for a doctor? " " He can make his will I " some one in the audience called out. A very remarkable mosaic has boecn dis covored at Nimes. It is over a hundred and fifty square feet in size, and represents a loman emperor soeated on a throne, by the side of whom standsa female figure. There are also two figures of men, leading the one a lion and the other a wild boar. A warrior with a Roman helmot and a num ber of slaves complete this highly interest ing group. The workl has happily escaped injury; the lines and the colours are as fresh as if they were only a day old. It is declared by competent judges to be the rich est mosaic yet discovered, no museum in Europe possessing one to match it. She, between the dtnces, somoewhat gushingly: "I remember my first ball as if it were only yesterday I " Ho, with much dleliberation: " Dear me, what a wonderful nmemory you must have I ". 