A CHINESE LUNCHEON. Is deference to our national preju dices, the Chinese gentlemen who gave a luncheon in the Chinese restaurant of the Health Exhibition yesterday (says tho Daily N~ews of July 4) kept puppy-dog out of the bill of fare. On Monday next the Chinese Court will be opened to the public (with the restau rant), and yesterday's proceedings, were in the light of a rehearsal. The rooms and the verandas, all faithful repro ductions in carpentry and decorations of such buildings as the traveller sees in Pekin, though characteristically florid in appearance are beautifully cool, and the open parts overlook the prettiest portion of the grounds. The dining- room has been charmingly deco rated by a Pekin artist, and floral adornments have been arranged by Lady Hart. As the guests were soon made aware yesterday, there is also an orchestra from which Flowery Land music is discoursed. Of a Chinese dinner it may generally be said that it is rather an affair of samples, and the beef-eating Britisher may tbe inclined to think that the end less array of dishes scarcely make an honest meal. One of the gentlemen at table yesterday, after conscientiously partaking of twenty - eight different things, confessed that he began to long for something to eat. Still, it was a most interesting novelty to experience. The table was covered with innumerable small pieces ot curious ware — saucers, bowls, &c;, from which you might pick your choice of melon seed, comfits, lotus seeds, cubes of sugar-cane, pre served ginger, cakes, &c;, and a pair of high-class chopsticks (they were really made of bone, tipped with metal) were placed before each guest, with the knives and forks of civilisation for the inexperienced. The one unquestionably substantial item in the bill of fare was the musical performance aloft. Before the guests had finished the first course, consisting of tasteful and minute shreds of salad, followed by bits of sausage the size of a shilling, the orchestra broke out in several places at once with crashes, cries of pain, and miscellaneous din of an extraordinary character. Tom-toms were thwacked and shrill instruments made to resound what time the vocalists gave tongue, apparently in emulation of a well known member's ' Tah; yah' in the House of Commons. This perf ortnanpe was said to be the Chinese national air, in a paraphrase of which it is made clear that the real Son of Heaven, Land Divine, and so forth, are to be found considerably east of Greenwich. Stirred to the interior by the uproar the guests came to the delicious bird's-nest soup, a supply of which, served in bowls not larger than teacups, was much appre ciated. It is so like turtle soup that not even every alderman could tell the dilierence. it is out rair to state thatthe Chinese dishes were interspersed with delicacies of European origin ; but the Shaoshing wine, in appearance like weak tea, and drunk warm out of tiny cups, was unmistakably Chinese. This is a finer drink, it is said, than the Sainshu upon which the plebeian Mon golian gets ' f orrarder,' but a little of it goes a long way with the uneducated palate. 'While we were discussing a creamy white soup (a mouthful and an eighth being a liberal help), the musicians plunged into a ' chorus with bagpipes.' It was supposed to wish us ten thousand years of happiness, and the wish was at least heartily expressed. Also some reminders might be found in the performance of such emotions as fury, terror, a carnival of marrow-bones and cleavers, and juvenile exercises on many tin kettles. The bagpipe at home creates a divided opinion ; the Chinese i instrument, we should imagine, would not. As it wished us so much happiness, however, it were churlish to object- to its peculiar intonations. Sharks' . fin made some amends, though it was so toothsome that we could have wished there had been more of it. 'With this service came a musical composition accredited to the Emperor Kangshi, a.d. 1666-1721. Almost one might trace the ghost of a tune in this, but before you were posi tive on the point it eluded your grasp. The next performance was descriptive of the five watches of the night. A young wife, alone at home, wails out her plaintive thoughts of the husband absent on military duty. As expressed, these thoughts ought to wake the dead, but they go far to explain the con tinued absence of the soldier. Here again you seemed about to discover an intelligible air, but tho embryo musical idea was kicked from musician to musician, throttled, and in the end brained by a volley of blows from the drumstick. At times the music suggested 'Wagner done by village school children, with cats in the rear, and a bull in a crockery shop hard by. There were other musical morceaux, the strangest mixture all of them, of weird ness and uproar, now thumping and banging, now trilling and shrilling, but ever leaving it doubtful whether the primitive instruments or tne vocalists deserved the prize for vigorous and con fused noise. The musicians finally, and not at all badly, got through ' God Save the Queen,' the tom-tom coming in with a noble flourish at the end, especially after the encore. As a last treat sips of Imperial tea were handed round, and of this it need only be remarked that it was tea indeed ; though, of course, inferior to that which costs £80 for a single pound avoirdupois. Our Chinese friends at the Exhibition may rely upon patronage ; their restaurant i.s so pretty, their desire to please so sincere, their bill of fare so novel, and their music so very singular. The company yesterday in cluded Mr. Campbell, in the chair : the Duke' of Buckingham, the Marquis of Hamilton, Sir P. C. Owen, Mr. S. Morley, M.P., Sir P. Bolton, Sir Spencer Wells, Sir F. Bramwell, Mr. J. Hart, Dr. 'W. Carpenter, Hon. Leveson Gower, Dr. Macrae, Mr. E. Owen, Mr. Trondell, Mr. Hake, Mr. Vine, Mr. Norman Lockyer, Sir F. Abel, Mr. Ernest Hart, Sir J. Paget, Mr. Neu mann, Sir W. MacCormac, and Mr. Commissioner Hughes. Wirr is Canada liko courtship P Booauso it borders on the United States. 