TWO-EYED RIFLE SHOOTING. In the London Times of the 8th February last appeared an interesting letter, signed J. V. Dougall, on this subject, interesting to all riflemen, in which the writer gives some general information upon what " two-eyed" shooting meaning He says :-" Two-eyed aiming is carried out similarly to one-eyed aim- ing, with this great difference that the left eye is kept quite open and looking at the target with all its power. The aim is actually taken with the right eye ; but instead of depending on it alone the shooter utilises the other to help the aim to tell him as it were, that his aim is exact and not de- viated from in pulling the trigger. If he uses one eye only, even if his aim be exact in the first instance, there is nothing to assist him in maintaining that exact- ness until the gun be discharged, neither can he shoot with the same rapidity. All he has to insure accuracy is his more or less muscular power to hold the gun in the exact position he has given it on taking aim, or with one eye open, only there is a fractional but most critical moment when he must lose sight of the object aimed at because that eye gets more or less behind the sights on the gun, which are actually intervening. To over- come this he must not only aim slowly, but do so over the top of the front sight, and this is called drawing a fine head." Virtually, when he uses both eyes, the sights become transparent, and interpose no obstacle to his clear view of the target, and this can be easily demonstrated in the following way : Let the reader of this cut a card of some few inches in length into the shape of the letter V with the limbs over half an inch in breadth (I give these comparatively large dimensions to all the more severely test the question) but with these limbs meeting, just as a V does at an acute angle. Let him hold this card right in front of his face and look towards the top of a chimney of a house at Boree distance or any point of a pinnacle or other well-defined object just appearing between the limbs at the bottom of the open space in the V. Doing this with both eyes open, the solid card will dis- appear, but leave in its place a sufficiently distinct although transparent form, becoming the very ghost of its solid self, if the Society for Psychical Research will allow me to call it co and the object looked at will be in no manner obscured from view. Let him then keeping the card in this position, shut the left eye, and he will find that the right is doing the actual aiming, although he had taken no means to provide for this, and this fact is the sole my story at least to-mo. "The card will then also become solid or opaque to the sight, but retaining its position in reference to the point or pinnacle. Let him, however, shut his right eye instead of the left, and he will find that, while the card also be comes opaque, it his apparently shifted its position very considerably several inches towards the right hand. He will now begin to see what the two-eyed system does. It clears away obstacles in the gun itself, it strengthens his vision, it increases his available light, and it lets him use his left eye, not to aim with, but to strengthen and steady by its what I may tautnlopically call " supervision," the aim which the other is taking. If he then continue to hold the card in the desired position, he will readily see how easily he loses exactness, with one eye only, and how well he can maintain that exactness with both eyes open. The V is as the rear sight of the rifle, and for exactness may be held at the some distance from the eye-that being some 15in. The absence of the front sight in no way affects this illustration. The left eye, I may state at the risk of repetition, looks as it were, round the sight of the gun, virtually ob- liberates it, and tells the right eye at once of any aberration it is making in its aim, thus acting as its faithful guide and supporter. I would desire to explain what I believe was not made clear in my last letter (The Times January 24), that, when Mr. Hay, by the use of both eyes, made his 34 hits on a target rendered suddenly invisible by a mist, these were all the shots he fired. He did not, therefore, make even one miss The distance was 200yds. In conclusion of this, I hope, useful, if dry, letter, let me, sir, again refer to the great importance of the subject. Should we be ever again involved in a great Continental war that importance will be made manifest. It was of little, if any, consequence with the inexact " Brown Bess." The ride has changed all that. I have now learned that in the aiming drill in our Army it is not unusual for some officers, should a man not be able to close his left eye, to actually enforce one-eye aiming by putting a patch over it. To those readers who may suppose the subject trivial, or a mere alternative system, the other being equally good, and that there can hardly be any practical difference or result, I would wish to say Look to the apparently slight difference in the old English | archers' mode of drawing the bow from that practised by other nations. The Englishmen drew their arrow to the on-, their antagonists to the breast. Yet, if there be faith in history, nothing is more certain than that, by the difference in the two systems, so trifling in appearance, fields were lost and won. A greater stake is involved now, to be measured by the power of the modern rifle as compared with that of the toughest bit of yow tree ever drawn by Robin Hood." 