Miscellaneous. Herbert Spencer's works are appearing in Japa nese. When .girls kiss each other, young men lay heavy hands on each other's Ehoulders. A cornetist was stung on the hand by a hornet while he was playing his cornet in church last Sun day. A deaoon rose and thanked the hornet. When Euskin says that a couple shonld court suven years he fails to state who should pay tor the kerosene or the gas. It is contended that the nude in art is a great edu cator, but the nude in life is fined for taking a swim in the open. If there is any good in a man it is bound to come out ; bat it should not ail come out at onee, and leave the man empty. ' Whatare you writing snch a big hand for, Pat3' ' Whv. ye see, my grandmother's date, an' I'm writin' a loud letter to her.' Bismarck believes in astrology, and- has predi-jted the day and hour of his own death. Wallenstein was equally superstitious. Vbn'Moltke rises early, walks about his grounds, but can't work unless his snuff-box is handy. la the evening he playe whist. Mme. Janauschek says Modjeska is a no such thing. She isn't poor. On the contrary, her pocket book sticks out like a bass drum. It is suggested that the new Australian cricketing team should bo styled the 'Federal Australian Eleven.' Earl Granvillo (the Foreign Secretary) is a' trike' — he may be 6een near Walmer daily, bowling aloug on a tricycle. The other day Madame' Englo completed at King's Lynn, England, the task of walking 1500 miles in 1000 hours. Although exposed to severe weather, she appeared to be in as good health as when she started. A china-dealer at Surcninghill was astonished lately' by the appearance in his shop of the Btag which was being hunted by Her Majesty's buckhonnds. The animal broke a great deal of his stock before he could be secured. Joseph Hatton. author of 'Journalistic London,' says that journalism is the grave of genius. States men, philosophers, novelists, poets (says he) have gone down to the grave poor and unrewarded, broeen on the wheel of the. daily press. A young woman was murdered lately at Liverpool by a man who has succeeded in escaping. He was seen to kick her brutally and throw her body into a canal, from which it was subsequently discovered. The girlhas been identified as Susannah Hallon, aged IS, the daughter of a painter. Her murderer is still at large. George 'Vanderbilt, fourth son of William H. Tan derbilt, is a police reporter on a New York daily. It eeema that, because his father is wealthy, young Vanderbilt is determined to have none but wealthy associates. Mrs. Cornwallis West has a rich complexion, a fine suit of rippling brown hair, Irish eyes, small stature, and admirable figure. She dresses startlingly, rides dashingly, talks entertainingly, and loves a practical joke. Luck does not often strike a man so hard as it did the sailor who stepped ashore from a whaling ship at San Francisco a few weeks ago, and found that he had been left a fortune of .£10,000 in England. . A physician says—'* In buying clothing care should be taken to investigate the hygroscopicity ot the cloth.' We always do ; but, as singular as it may appear, many persons buy a coat and never give a thought to its hygroscopicity. This is a great mis take. The following advertisement appeared in a London newspaper : — ' A lady wished to recommend another lady who, through no fault of her own, has become in distressed circumstances, thinking that if one thousand benevolent persons were each to subscribe .£10, it would -place her again in affluent circum stances.' The London News say6 : — ' The Princess ©f Wales has won two military victories this year — both, on the. side of common sense. She has banished the crino line in spite of Paris. She has retained the small bonnet in fashion stLU, in spite of Paris.' Pere Hyacinthe lectured in New York on a recent Sunday. He spoke without notes, and as he pro ceeded hie rhetoric became impassioned, his voice resounded throughout the building. The audience seemed spellbound at Ms enthusiasm and excitement. Bis sudden changes to soft, liquid tones appeared to be the result of sheer exhaustion. The Yokohama papers give gloomy accounts of the outlook for the agricultural classes in Japan. The land tax must be paid soon, and the small farmers find that while the tax is not lessened, the price of rice has fallen one-half. The peasant is compelled also to sell on a falling market, which adds to his misery ;and, taken altogether, the lot of the Japanese is not a happy one. A Parisian woman projected a restaurant in which all of the waiters and other visible employes were to be hunchbacks and she counted on customers similarly deformed through advertising that they might eat free for awhile in the strange establish-' ment. Whether such a concern would excite a pro fitable amount of morbid curiosity, was not settled, for she could not get the requisite staff and became bankrupt before the premises which she had rented at JB1400 per year in the Boulevard dea Capucins were even opened. General Grant is rather surprised to find himself in the New York Wo eld's list of millionaires ; but by putting in his children and grandchildren at an average of .£12,500 each he thinks perhaps lie can figure up that total. It is much to be feared that the general will commit the mistake of taking Colonel Fred and Ulysses, Jan., at. their own valuation. A curious incident of Mr. Gladstone's recent visit to the Orkneys was that while all the shops save one in Kirkwall were closed in Ms honour, he and bis party liberally patronised that one, the keeper of which was a ' stern, unbending Tory.' Victor Hugo is said to have sent to Queen Victoria a copy of his new work, ' L'Archipel de la Manche,' as a token of gratitude for the hospitality he enjoyed on the British Islands, with which the book deals, Victor Hugo is still proprietor of Hauteville House on the Island of Guernsey, wMch, with its manu scripts, portraits, and son venire of all sorts, is a veri table Victor Hugo museum. There is some fun in going to a theatre or concert in Boston, Mass. This is how they manage these things over there. Wherever a ' star' is announced the rush for tickets is tremendous, and all ordinary, methods of obtaining them being utterly useless, the plan is to pay a boy — say three dollars or so — to wait outside the box office all night in. order to purchase the much-coveted passes immediately the place opens in the morning. Before a Jfatti or a BernhaTdt night some hundreds of these gamine are to be seen em ployed in this strange manner. It is not a common occurrence for a pauper to enjoy a drive in a carriage-and-pair, unless, indeed,' the carriage be a hearse and the destination the cemetery. In the Forest of Dean the other day an ' old woman, aged 102, had been brought tp a workhouse some' dis- tance from her home. She begged to be sent back to die in peace in her own country, and, with unusual kindness, the guardians sent, her back in a carriage and-pair. 'Tis to be hoped they added some more substantial token of their sympathy with the old lady's situation. ' The dirty old blackguard* is the pretty popular same which a critic in London Ponch has conferred on Franjois Eabelais, dodeur en medicine.- This is the latest of the many surprising literary and artistic criticisms which have been appearing in a journal for which Thackeray at one time wrote. . These, remarks on books, and plays, and men are distinguished by a kind of jolly, ribald taBtelessneBB, and unaffected un conscious ignorance, which are peculiar, and in their way worthy of a comic paper. According to Arte mus 'Ward, ' a comic, paper ought to print a goak sow and then.' The ' ^oaks ' printed by a joker who is, apparently, jealous of the popularity of Shak«speare as a playwright, are not always divert ing. The 'JPrisco Newslbtteb says: — 'We lave always maintained that Australians get their shirts washed, and sometimes take baths ; and we are ready at any time to defend: them against the vile iisinua tion that they wear red shirts continuously for a year and' a half, and only perform their ablations at Christmas. These ugly slanders ought to be put down ; and further; we are-, ready to ewear to an affidavit that we saw an Australian come oat of a barber's -ehop. this week with a clean chin and Ms clothes brushed. It ia trueihat his boots werenft blacteaied.imttiien Some wasn't built in a day.' 'Says the JackBon (Mich.) CrrizBN; A young Lady, living two miles irom -town; weighing U61b, and oaly 17 years of Age, rises at 5 aJm. and xulke eight cows, helps her mother, to gat breakfast, takes the team and^^«arrieBthe°mQkof82oowBtothe cheese factory two mUes~diBtant,aa4:brings baokaload of whey; o^@@^^o1l»iiiiiiBifl--)d^;aU1ihe^bwi^;«apW and raking' ©n the taxm'ptSOOa/OiM. A*tfie-Hoseof each day's work «he milks the oows, wpaBte hiar mother in finishing the housework, and retires at 9 « jn. Besides -ihl-, she keeps l^ttwwk'Jof the farm, Miss Thackeray is writing a biography c £ *he*oet laureate, Tennyson. Wilkie Collins' s daily stint of literary labour is nin9 pages. „ The German historian, Von Banks, is 84 years old, but is still engrossed in literary work. Trollooe's autobiography has reached a second Peto ' has gone into a fourth edition. At Knowsley are two manuscript vc dames of note paper on which, with hardly a corret jtion, the late Lord Derby wrote his translation of H xuner. The Crown Princes* of Germany is a ' i nniversal' woman. She writes political memoirs, te Oks philo sophy, carves statuary, composes sonatas, - Babbles m architecture, and paints. Jack Haverley has completed his negotn ations for the leasing of a Philadelphia theatre, and h as secured it for seven years. . HerculeB Ji. Dausman, the wealthy pict are owner of St. Louis, fcas recently cone into the trot iting horse business on a kvrge scale. He has a stable ? of young trotters said to i?e worth ^620,000. Dr. Pnsev's -sister, wife of the late Provost of Worcester College, Oxford, who died recei itly, did not share her brotherV viewe. 'lam a l?asey,' she would say, *' but not' a Puseyite.' It is very rude for fc-irls to speak of bt firing -made a mash. Unsophisticateii persons might' think they had been bug hunting. ,',.., . ,, , ' Beet hand I ever h&ld;, said a feliow., as he im pudently squeezed a lady's finger. 'Yes, it is good,' said she, withdraw-ing it and; boxing his ear ; 'it's a pat hand.' A journalist says that a stvinET of pearr e is now the fashionable dress for young laiies. L«t us hope that in the rush and -worry of business t.no writer over looked a portion of the costume. ? Lord Archibald Campbell, son of the Duke of Argyll is maintaining the literary credit of the family. He lute just finished a,fwoik entitled ''Be- cords of Argyll-' BL A- Giles, t&e; British vice consul at Shanghai, has prepared a collection of over one hundred ex tracts trom the works of about sixty of tfce most famous Chinese authors of all ages. The book will be published under the title of ' Gems of Chinese Literature,' and wuS form an introduction to the general literatuia of G^iina. When tou see a man who does not appreciate women, it' is prairty cafe- to bet that they have failed to find anything in him to appreciate. A young girl in Sidney, crazed by religion, ima gines herself an angel, l&r; case is not quite so bad as that of the young local' axide, who, crazed by the girls, imagines himself a dev.il of a fellow. A well-knowfl citizen, while at supper last night, had a narrow eacawe from breaking all his teeth. He was just on the pbM of tasting the beefsteak when the cook rushed in, t^d ™ S*eai terror explained that the butcher had made a mis-steat, and the meat left with them waa tie pv^ce intended for a boarding, house over the way. ., , Labouchere, of London Teuth, very sensibly re commends that children ir'K^ studying geography, be taxurht the courses of railways with the same care that they are taught those of ri\'e,^s- Savsthe 'Frisco Post, ' Mr. AUlson- who seems to be the Haverley of Australia, has \™&t; the rights of all the Madison-Bquare plays tor th*'* country, and will produce them in his different theav^s. George Eignold has been engaged for the priu«pal *nate parts.' . A writer in London Vanity Eaie says thy* ^?°-m dering Americans are demoralising and deterior*'1'?? London. Here are the epithets applied to the de tested Yankees: — '* Unendurable, forward, obtrusiv^i inquisitive, impertinent, familiar, unerentiemanly, brutal, grovelling, undignified, ungraceful, vulgar, witless, shallow, uninteresting.' They say that Carlyle's ghost, arrayed in white, haunts Chelsea at the twilight hour, and recently asked a little girl for 'a penn'orth o' tobacco.' That Carlyle should walk, after the manner in which he has been treated by Froude_,is not surprising ; but it might be supposed that, instead of asking for tobacco, he would have made a grim demand for his biographer. The New Yobs; World gives the names of nearly 400 people, all residents of New York, who are each worth from one million of dollars to one hundred thousand dollars. General Grant is put down as ' said by some to have acquired by presents and in vestments one million of dollars.' A Vermont editor, in publishing one of Byron's poems, changed the words 'Oh, gods!' to 'Oh, gosh ! ' because the former was too profane for his readers.' A writer to a London newspaper says that after spending months among the poor of the city he has come to the conclusion that large numbers of them have a hatred and 'ferocity towards wealth and aris tocracy which could not be surpassed by any Rus sian Nihilist or French Communist. ' I wonder how a moustache would feel onmy lips,' she said, with a far-away, absent look in her eyes. 'You needn't wonder long, then,' 6aid George, as he bent down. 'Oh, you forward thing J' she ex claimed. ' I've a good mind to make you take that back again.' An English traveller in Ireland, greedy for infor mation, and always fingering the note book in his breast pocket, got into the same railway carriage with a certain Roman Catholic archbishop. Ignorant of his rank, and only perceiving that he was a divine, he questioned Mm pretty closely about the state of the country, whisky- drinking, &c.; At last he said : ' Yon are a parish priest yourself, of courser' TTig Grace drew Mmself up. ' I was one, sir,' he answered, with icy gravity. ' Dear, dear !' was the sympathetic rejoinder, ' that accursed drink, I sup pose ?' A hotel guest in Columbus, Ga., after waiting a long time for Ms supper in a' hotel dining room, grew impatient, and exclaimed to the dilatory waiter: ' Bring me my supper at once !' and accompanied tMs peremptory remark by the exhibition of a revolver, which he pointed at the waiter's head. He secured the meal, not only in abundance, but in soli tude, for all the other guests fled at sight of the weapon ; but his eating was followed by arrest, and the impatient visitor was obliged to digest the food in gaol. The old farm of Horace Greely, at Chappaqua, has been sold for 10,000dols, the purchaser being Ms youngest, daughter. Miss Gabriella Greely. The pro perty would have fetched a great deal more had there been any competition, but when Miss Greely bid, as she wanted the farm, nobody would bid against her. Said one old farmer, 'Let her have it at her own price.' It appears that the farm had to be sold according to the terms of the will, and that the neighbouring farmers are proud of this memorial of the old editor and statesman. This ?will remind people of a scene in the ' Octoroon.' A small boy called it ' look-in glass,' when his father said: 'It isn't looting glass, it is 'mirror.' ' ' Why, don't you have to look in.it. if. you want to see yourself?' asked the boy. 'Yes.'_ 'Well, then, it must be a look-in glaBS.' ' Wife,' said the old man, ' I'm afraid that boy-is shaping Mmself for a minstrel or a funny newspaper paragrapher. We'd better put him to some trade soon, if we want to save him,' A recent number of a college paper says : — 'There were no calves nor sheep put in the chapel during the past sis years ; no student broke into the spring house ; no haystacks were burned down ; not a drunken yell, not a pistol-shot was heard, and there was no cally-tkunip during the night.' How the students employed their time is not stated. A French historian has looked the matter up, and has discovered that Louis XV. of France was, on his mother's side, descended directly from plebeian stock, his ancestors in the . ninth ..generation back having been Laurent Babon, a notary of Bruges, and Francoise fia. . Jefferson Davis is one of the parties in a case that will come up in the United States Supreme Court. It grows oat of the contest made by heirs of the late Mrs. Dorsey, of Mississippi, over her will, in wMoh she bequeathed her estate to the former presi dent of the Confederacy. Sir Bandal Roberts, who has been, f pr some years in the United States, pursuing his latest profession, viz., that of the stage (he was previously in the army and afterwards a special correspondent), has joined Mr. Wyndham's company, and will remain with it during the transatlantic tour. A New York correspondent eays ; — The first recep tion given by Mr. Vanderbilt in his new house was one of the most disgraceful things I ever saw. He was jostled first to one side and then to the other. People came and'went without any reference to him. To be sore, they had his cards of invitation to be pre sent, but that was alL They talked about his house as they would of a museum, and inquired of eaeh other and compared notes as if they wereat the open ing of some public exMbition of paintings. Mr. Vanderbilt stood in the midst of all the confusion, staring, in. a half -dazed manner,: as if he did not iniow what-to make of his enrronndings or of his company. To do him justice, I may as well own that his position, ./while ludicrous to a. spectator, was at the same time inore respectable by far than, that of many of ids Bo-called guests, who had apparently left their pood manners and self -respect at home. ' The death of Professor Hollo way recalls the anec dote told as illustrative of the wonderful curative powers of his medicines.- He once forwarded a con signment of pills and ointment to his first agent in India. IWithit he sent several thousand haSdbills, in -wMoh was set forth in , the native and British Ian* goagesa list of all the diseasee the^ills would care. Accompanying them was . ihe_^oUo wing, memo i—' If mate not ^'^Ti^^^'^^'aKOfiwBB*^wfrflfid'TOpm.'' . vAs ' indioatane the ekeot^^^ompeitation of Aine noan yrDsax -rro wan) ana miners on - 'fg^tp markets. ; ffiittld TTm^lim Company, the ©ldertinilEng to&a-; paiiy ih'Bfmidgbam, and wown has l-e«n iniaxiBtenbe^ 