LAY SERMONS -NO. XVII. "UNDER THE RAFTHERS." [BY THE BROTHERS NEMO.] "Why did you not writes a lay sermon last week on Mr. Evans's trip to the rafters instead of choosing such a very commonplace theme at "Christmas?" This question wa? put to ut on Christmas' Eve aa we were trying to force oar way do wa Bundle street amid the orowda of pedes trians. We were just opposite Ga-ler-plaoa. which looked to peacef ol and serene that wa tamed into it for a little rest before again encountering the stream ot holiday-makers. Oar friend followed as, and by thisquestlob sought to dnwni oat into confidences which. no pretsman ought to acknowledge. How ever, as that was Christmas Eve we amUod forgivingly, and said in reply that we were not at the lecture, nor did we feel enffiajontbr interested in the subject. We had a coa fident suspicion that our friend was aa admirer of spiritism in general, and of Mr. Beimers, its Sauth Australian apostle, n parUoalar. He had frequently told as ot certain wonderful things which hehadseea and beard. We often meet him at luncheon, and under the soothing icflaence of the after* dinner cigar be baa a habit ol becoming con fidential. From tine to time we ham been informed of sundry extraordinary freaks on the part of farnltore in bis neighborhood, of remarkable noises, of mode which can only be Ukeaea "to linked sweetness long drawn oat," of ac cordions floating through the air played by invisible hands, of manages written out by mediums la latin and Greek and Hebrew, of oo?wumloaikns conoernlng the "spheres ot progress" in the "summer land." We hare been accustomed to listen In amused wonder, mentattbe lack of oritical discernment on the part of a nan who in business matters is said to to as sharp as a nail and as hard ai de. I remember how one day my brother, who is generally less tolerant of human eoeentd. dties than I am, and much more reticent, broke in by saying something to this effeot— "UuaU very wonderful and I too have seen some wonderfal things. X one day saw that Davenport brothers, when five spirit hands at one time showed -umselves at the top of the cabinet. I remember how once £ saw amm take One half-crowns out of my beard, and then sir more out of the whisker* of my neighbor. X know there warn none in my beard before, and X was astonished Indeed at my own ignorance of my wealth. I saw him too bring a dozen pigeons oat of a chaldron ot boiling water, acd do many other marvellous things. An old lady to whom I told these tilings said ate was sure it was the devil who was at work la these manifestations. I was unable to coo tradkt her not having a consciousness of per' soul intimacy with the plans and arrange ments of that individual, bat the hypothesis wssplaasible. What do you think 1" "O," said onr friend, "yon an joktaftv Ton were at a conjaror'_ I know howalE sticfa things as those are done. Itlstriokery; bat spiritism is as far removed from trickery ai light ii from darkness. I tell yon tha things that I am speaking of are not the result of trickery, for X have the testimony of my own eyes." "So had I," said my brother, "and of my beard, too, so I had better testimony than, you." We never got farther than this maiL oar conversations; but when the now fanuHm seances in Marshall's upper room first began to be talked about we confess that we wars puzzled. We could not doubt the facts; they were too well authenticated, WecouU not deny that the tables were really tilted, and Out raps were really heard, and that audible voices floated through the air, and. that some body or other was having some fine fun up there. We saw in the -Tor. bmgtr of Light a full and particular account of all these wonderful doings. We used to look up at the ornamental front of Marshall - premises and debate whether we ought not to put the place among the lists of haunted houses, and we wondered that tiae spirits should select a place just over the Bible depot. If lialher could disarm the devOby playing the flute, surely Marshall with bis scores of pianos and organs and fiddles and trumpets ought to have no difficulty ia getting rid of a whole army of wandering; ghosts, From the upper regions of the next house an often to be heard the graa barmonk- of the bagpipes when oar Cale donian friends fancy they an treading their native heather. This Utter fact settled our minds. We feU assured that no spirits could haunt a home where the bagpipes were being played. If the "Campbells are coming" wa* to be played with proper accompaniments that would be enough to disconcert the order and "spoil the conditions of the most care fully arranged circle. XhU argument seemed? conclusive, for had we not seen people harry* ing past that corner at 10 p-m. whan Hie shrill pibroch was sounded, and were we to think that ghosts had less sensitive ears fa their "?"?^*??i*fii?—^ state t**vi we in our material bodies? But still the matter went on. More tables were moved. More vetoes were heard. More flowers were thrown down. More mystic bells were set a ringing. The argument from the bagpipes was evident]* a bad one. "There is some trickery at work there," said one of us, "but I confess I can't see through it Beimers may, or may not, be a trickster, but he evidently has got some ?striking manifestations' at last I don's see how he can do all things, or indeed, how any one else can. He evidently believes in these things, or he would not be sending accounts of them to be published in Mel bourne. His faith is one factor ia the pro blem. It Is altogether one of the neatest btta of humbug that we have ever heard ot ia. Adelaide." Just then we caught sight of Mr. Kirkham Evans passing along the street intent on buiinet s. " Thai's the man who can tell us all about it. I heard him say.ia one of his lectures that there was not one oE the tricks of spiritism that he could not see through, and could not imitate. I wonder what he hat to say of all this business. He seems to deem it his mission to hunt down spiritism wherever he finds it, He and Beimers will have a grand set to one of these da}*, It will be a sight worth seeing to watch the two champions, one astride of _ tailor's goose, and the other mounted on ? 'cello rushing at eaoh other, fall tilt. He told his audience how he disconcerted a public spiritist, rope-tying perlornunoe ia EDgUtd by inriwting on tying the medium with tape instead of cord, and pinioning him at the elbows instead of the wrists. She eeacce broke op in confusion, for no one cool—, wriggle out of bonds fastened in that way." " But what makes him seek each a queer, notoriety, aa he is succeeding in winning for himself ? If he contults his own ease or repu. tatlcn he will let the spirits alone and stick to bis soisftois and goose." ?'On the same principle, I suppose, which prompted Bob Bolus to run amuck at the doctors; he had been deprived of all his teeth by overdoses of mercury in the form ot Mac pills when he was a child, and felt it his mfe feion to go hi for nothing bat herbal medicines, Evans says he was once almost, if not quite^ a spiritist, and was in a fair way to take his flight into the regions of the transcendental spheres, like Andrew Davis or Jadge Edmcnds, but he saw the snare and be re tired, and, now animated by a grand philanthropy, he will give no rest to any of these impudent ghosts lest they vex awl torment other young men as innocent as him self, but will drive them bade to limbo." " Let us go and see him to- morrow and ask him about ;i?." And so it was agreed, but before we carried out our plan there appeared that sensational advertisement of a new lecture entitled "Under the rafters." The cat was out of the bag at but. Neither Mr. Marshall's pianos nor Mr. Smeaton'a bag. pipes could be supposed to have their preper effect on ears so obtuse as those of a mafcorUt tailor pullingfiires from under the rattan. But we are forgetting all this timeour e_> perienoes on Ohrisbnu eve with which ~m started. Our friend, who had suggested that we should have written a lay sermon on " Under the rafters," then proceeded to give, us an idea of what we ought to have aaid, He told us that it was a sin and a shame for ?By cue to treat the toleaa events ot VphiHsmwitb such levity as Mr. Evan* had shown; that if the spirits of the departed took the trouble to come from their abode among the spheres to tilt our tables and knock out answers to our questions that the least we mold do was to treat them with respect; that if aomettmes they made mistakes we ought to pot it down to the low state of development in the mediums, and not to talk about trickery; that Mr. Evans's tacUos were un worthy of so tremendous an investigation; that Mr. Reimers would deserve to rank amongst the saints and martyr* for the Insults that he was called to endure; that the name of Evans would be handed down to posterity as a synonym for all that was unfair in the holy warfare; that &0., &c; We listened to him with some impatience, for the young folks who were with us were wishful to get onoe again into the stream of people flowing past the gay shops In Bundle street, and were pulling our coat- tails with suggestive hints that we had enough of this ?Intrusive visitor. So we cut the matter short by saying to him, "Sow is it that if this subject bo so solemn; if tie spirits ia the spheres be so icry wise; if their communioations through tipping tables be so tremendous in their im portance—how did it come to pass that they did not know all the time that it was Evans's Melodious voice that was whispering messages from the spirit world, and that mechanical wires from the raften moved the tables and the beU>, and that the saint and martyr was being out-bicked by clever conjuring? If the spirits are not wise enough, or clever enough, or kind enough to manage nutters better than they seem to have done, how ?hall we trust them when they tell us that we an all too bigoted, and too narrow-minded, Id pinning our faith to the Christian system i If the spirits can be bowled out by Evans with such queer tactics they deserve to be bowled out; and we, for our part, shall say that Evans is the saint and martyr for his voluntary immolation among the ratters. If Silst Simeon Stjlites got canonised for lirfng CO the top of a pillar, Mr. Kirkham Evans deserves a similar honor and a like fate for setting among the rafters." 