SWANSEA. (from oue own correspondent. ) The topic for this week is the visit of Bishop Sandford. He was met on the road by several gentlemen, and was driven here by Mr F. Shaw, arriving about 6! p.m. on .Saturday, 31st. . He preached on Sunday, the 1st, taking iiis text. . from. Acts the. 19th, 1st and 2nd verses : the subiect. the receiving nf tha Holy Ghost ..by .the laying on of 'hands, being the more important at this rime as. he was tq hold a confirmation service that, afternoon. At 3 p.m. eight females and four males presented themselves for con firmation; , The ''Bishop addressed them at some length, and spoke of the pleasure it gave. him. to' -hold this service, and es pecially, «f .its appropriateness on -that particular Sunday (it being Whit Sunday). The-serrice lasted till 5p.m. Beheld' service again at 7 p.m., taking his text ;froin .-Numbers 24th, 17th verse. . The sermon was , greatly appreciated, and at each aar vice there was a very, large atten dance,: much : interest ; being : taken. T&e; Bishop .also .^presided.; -at a tea-meeting held next day {Monday) to raise funds for the purpose of repeating the church. : The weather was . fine, and the attendance good, about £7 being pol-. lected. Speeches were given by ? the' £ishop, Rev. -l.:Nethercott, and Rev. W, W. Craig, and Messrs. J. Meredith, A. W.:Smith}]and.E. WBtchell;, Afi there was a . large -amount of good things left over, a free tea was' given next day to all children .under -14— a course which received the unanimous approval of the children.' The Bishop left on Tuesday forLisdillon. The weather here is beautifully fine and mua, out mucn 100 dry ior tne Time ot tne year. ? * ; A meeting has been held to consider the means of building a Presbyterian Church here. It' was taken up with great in terest,' and Mr A. Gemmell was commis sioned to secure a suitable piece of ground as near the centre of the township as pos sible. - . A petition has . been presented to the .- Council by the inhabitants, bringing under their notice the very bad state of the streets in this town, and the approaches, and praying that means be used to im prove the same. June 5. 