. ECHOES OP MELBOURNE ?'? , .' '!vi ' '(Bi The Gh6st.): i There is an old proverb: that avers that {'all work arid no play makes Jock, a dull' boy.' ''Proverbial philosppny has riot, how- ' eye^;'up to the' present desalt with 'the' cori yer8e aspect of ' the qu^stioiir aad;told us what the produijt of 'all',pl4y' Would be. THe ,Ministryj ,hdweyeiy appear bent : on lettinEr the' world -fudge for ' itself of the . effect which dding'nottiirig has, ' upon a: Governmeytj' and are at present carryirig out the .experiment. J True,^ th'e' Cabiriet affects to' think it necessary to; hold a weekly ' meeting ; .but to the anxious en^ ijuiries' of 'rieWa purveyors, who, at 'the ter miriatiori of each sitting; enquire of the. Premier' what' has ? been done, TXxi Service ^rivariably returns the ' ' . same '? reply— -'Nothing of ariy interest to/the' publio.'f i , ; A few formal iria'tters have, however,' confe. before the . Executive, and the mem bers'1' of the Civil. Service arid Railway Management Boards have been' ' officially ' appointed; .The latter gentlemen'.- are to Commence their duties at once on the1 ar rival 6f Mr..' Speight, ,! their Chairmari, Mr. Gillies, tH^ Minister of ' Railways,'. having,' pfending the appearance of that gentleman, f'been authorised by theL Commissionera to continue adiunisteririg the1 .department.' ' Thiis runis the official announcement; a somewhat . strange one under a system pf responsible \gjbverriinent'.. The, Civil Service Board' 'is' riot: to , exercise its ;' functions for some little time to' come.' The members1 composing this b6dy are to have a little time afforded them' to, take a preliminary canter' through 'the.'l'depart intots ' before they begin' elearisiig the krigean stable. Spiteful. people say that. the work of retrenchment, is. delayed in prder.that the new Commlssioriers may get to knPw who' are the ? ' sisters and ' the' cousins and the aunts' it would be im politic to dispense with. '. This cari; how ever, hardly be ! the case, for the gentle men of the Board have' been themselves long 'enough connected with the service ' to know .the pedigree of every- individual clerk, and, what is . perhaps more important; at whose instance he' or she ', entered ' the Government ' ! ' employ. ' The more likely explanation of the delay in beginning the weeding-'out process is ' that as' there are still a few promises to be kept by Ministers in the way of conferring appointments— notably two police magis tracies—it would ill becpriie the eternal fitness .of things to, have additions made while' 'subtractions 'were taking place. EVen, strong coalition Governments realise ^hat there is a limit,beyond which it would scarcely be prudent to travel.' 'Perhaps, hpVever, the members of the Ministry who have been apparently on 'pleasure jaunts have been in reality doing very' h'eavy Vork. Following the example:.- set , by Messrs. GiMes and;Langridge,; who 'did '. the OlneO district in company with the local parliamentary representatives a week or two ago, Messrs. . Deakiri ' arid Levien have been on a tour of inspection of the wator trusts in the northern areas. As it rained incessantly during ' the greater part of the time occupied in the journey, as both the honourable gentlemen are' teetotalers, and above all. as Mr. M'Call was of the partyj .there ',must ' have been- during the trip 'water, water, everywhere.'. The remainder' of the line frointhe Ancient' Mariner;', ' arid riot a drop to drink,' would hardly be appositej ' for there, were other gentlemen of the, party who, if 'report belie them not, ' filled high the. flowing, bowl ' ' with ? something very much more1 potent than fheaqiui]piira\tho Ministers of Public Works arid Mines' affect. ' ' _ ! ] Camperdowri has also been. honoured by being selepted as the Iqcale of 'a. pleasure, ^arty;n .On '.'Wednesday soine '-'trvvb1 ' score ! gentlem'eri; coiriprisirig' it gop'dly ( sprinkling ' of west'eri\ district parliamentary represen-, ?tatiyes; and' headed by ttie' Minister of Public' Works, started on' a1 visit' to 'Pbrt' 'Cariapbeli!,tof inspect the valuable' 'timber 4 country- lyiri'g between.' the rallWiy' line and;i [ the' Sea; coast.'1' Forest 'pceilery apparentiyj' howoyer,/ had; ?, but -few; charms, /-for the} greater number of the trayellQrs, who , con-; tented .themselves with dis.cussing the gpid i top and the various edibles 'provided by a, ^paternal Government, and a quiet ganio of jeuchre 6r'& Nap'-'' in 'the parlour of the iprincipal hotel in the evening. It will be jainusing when Parliament' meets to'hear ithese' gentlemori expatiate on the resources : ito' beopened up by means of a rail or trail 'way from Camperdown' tp the:harbour of i (Port CampbelL Their glowing descriptions: !are certain' to' outvie those of the other' .members of the party who, with aching, ?bones and epidermis more or less abraided will have affronted the perils of the journey on' horseback to;' the port ' and back. : Lord Normanby is , leaving usj sooth to say, ' unwept, unhonpured, andunsungj' ?; ^His Excellency. has never been a favourite in Victoria, his hospitality hayjng during his term of office been tempered .with far top much ,'discretipn^ i His, sins are, it. jappears, to, be visited. upon. his successor. il?or the gentleman who succeeds him there ; 'is no longer to be an expenditure, of «S700 per, annum for gas, of .J225OO .for new furniture, ;and whoever replaces the, most: noble George.: Augustus Constanr. tine, etc., etc., etc., ; will have ito . pay his own . railway. fare- .and - when he wishes to , travel ' speoial,', to .defray the.. |costpf the train out, of 'the gubernatorial. I'. screw.' And; when .in his ;. capacity of,1 'Admiral' he visits,., the ships,, pf the; jViptorian navy, he will have to defray the 'expense, of ,the coal used on board the steam launch, jor, hire; a boat at Williams Itown orSandridge. However, as notice of , the .change is to be given by the Agent Genejftl, to thei, next .incumbent of ,the 'office; anyone, accepting the appointment pf Governor . will do so' with his eyes ppened and a\ full knowledge of what he has to expect, and what is expected, in re turn of the tenant of Government , House. It is shrewdly surmised that had Lord Nbrmanby's dining-hall , afld ball-room been more . frequently, honoured .by the, presence ' of ' invited r guests, the bills f or gas,. furniture, and the sundry, items that make up a total of , some .£4000 per annum,'' wouldmot have been very closely scanned.' After allit is.rather hard thatthe oitizens —and more especially the citizenesseB — : of Melbourne; should.' so..:often ? have bcen^ compelled .to forego 'the annual Queen's : Birthday . ball, as they have during the present Governor'sterm of offide. Ori , each: occasion' of. the recurrence of the: ariniversaiy 'of her Majesty's natal day, some , relation . of that much related noble lord- was 'sure1-— conveniently or'in conveniently—- -to die. :: ? Xw i Sir Charles Hotham's time there ? was a fierce parlia^: meritary -fight 'over ? the cost of'- that frugal ? gentleman's pig^-styes: In these later days1 we hayegrowri more refined, and the cause bf-strife' will be the lack of expenditure in his Excellency's baUr- oom; ! ? :' ? ' ; ; .WJiotis now known , it^ the history of crime as the Pettayal murder, continues to, Dq Bhrouded in mystery ; at least, no, arrests have yet been made. '.Perhaps the detec tive, police are waiting for, the reward of, j6200 offered ,by the Gpvernriient to ;be in creased before they . make any move in the matter, -, It is now quite plain that the indiyidual who was ; at, first . suspected is quite innocent of the crinie.V, No more will therefore i be heard, !of ,.tha,t, ' cigar-holder carved, at Pentridge,'' whict was .so con-, veniektly' picked up- by a ' constable/ so unaccountably.' not. mentipped as having, been 'fpuiid until some .three days after wards, , arid which would perhaps, as , in a former murder case at Daylesford, where a search undertaken .after the hut in .which the- isum was' dorie to death had been ran sacked some four days before,, -respited iu the discovery of the suspected individual's pipe, have furnished the :'' missing link,' and ..put .the halter round Wye's neck. When' the truth comes to be dis covered — -as. discovered , it will be — the crime will be one of the most sensational ever known in the annals pf ,the colony, and furnish ample , materials for a : thrilling ' domestic drama.' . . ; ., . i The Paritomimes at the Royal and.the Bijou still hold the boards, and as 'yet' io change is announced. The really clever society play of ''Impulse' is still^being presented to good houses, and has ap_parr ently hit the public taste. TKe last per formance of Dunriirig's Opera Troupe takes ' place on Saturday, the troupe going to New Zealand, and making yay for the, Fakir, of Oplu, who opens the theatre with a conjxu1 ing and musical entertainment of which rumour spealcs highly. Theatrical matters may, however, on the whole be summed up as dull. -? ?- :; ?.-?.'?;' ' 1 Casca.de Bbeweut Compant.-1- From the Tasmdnian News' we l^arri that the f ol lowing ;. report will be presented at the first general meeting of the Cascade Brew ery, Company, to be heldi.at Hobart next Tuesday: — 'The progress of the business has ? been highly satisfactory, and the directors are assured that;- as the resources of the ? Company become more developed,' they will'be able to reporta ste&dy; increase in'profits. The shareholders will observe from the profit and loss 'account that a; considerable sum has been expended in re pairs to freeholds, oil of which are now in good tenantable coridition.. The repairs and additions to rolling stock, plant, and: buildings have been paid fdr. from profits, and are : all : in good 'wbrkirig order. . The' jjrofit.arid loss' aepdunt. shows a credit bal ance of 410,089 is' 3d; -ylijoh .the,,' directors recoriiriierid; to be^dealt^iwith' .asrfollows; ; yiz.T-^Inpajment of 'a' dividend, (of 10 per cent, perjannumfbrtth'eeight- moriths end ing. 81st 'Decemberi- 1883;-'-iS90p0;t'diyidend'' tax/£337'a0s;jiin'reauQtiori?6f^reliniiria*y expenses; ^583' lOs^balanbe'to/be'. carried for^af.£i6#|s^^^ 