THE ZIG ZAG TELEGRAPH. A TALE OF A MIND DISEASED. '. , $ - S Br LLorn G. Tnorpso . oFen nearly nineteen years I have been waiting for some one to write the hiatory of this line; but- during all thistime no account of its origin, or the manner.in which it performed its work, has been published,'and,'eo far as I can learn, no hint even of its existence has appeared in print..: Can it be possible that I was sole proprietor and operator, and my 1 weary messages alone went creeping over the wires; that its faithful, patient services were given to one only ? If o, open me clearly devolves the task of writing its history. And e yet, to own the'truth, this task is not an easy I one. The Zig Zag was such an anomaly r among telegraphs, such a bizarre affair alto. gather, that it sets at defiance all ordinary I methods of description. It was behind the times; it was slow with its messages; it I carried them a long way around, and stopped 'with them in unexpected places; there was aI n air of mistiness about it that made me sometimes suspect that it was only the ghost of a telegraph-the plsnatom, perhaps, of some uncompleted, ear1y invention left an orphan by the death ofjthe inventor. • But stay-I:must be more oxplicit. This telegraph was not composed of solid material substance; it did not consist of actual posts and wires. It was a phenomenon of an ex ceptional condition of body or mind, a phase of mental acntion in a given direction, 'a system of exploration in. the realms of memory, a-well, I will admit it at once, a something that I never quite understood; a problem, the solution of which I'.haveo many times almost reached, but which' has always eluded me by dodging around unexpected corners and disappearing when I thought I. had forced it into a cut de sac. I will there. fore make publica my experience with this line, and transfer to others the solution of the problem; and, as the condition'of body and mind was doubtless a factor necessary to the solution, I will make known this condition by briefly telling-a small portion of my life's history. On the 6th of March, s.n. 1865, with other paroled prisoners,, I crossed ?Broad River, twelve miles from Wilmington, N.0., and stood once more, with bared head and thank. ful heart, beneath the flag of our country. The emotions awakened by the sight of this emblem of all we held dear, Ishall not venture to describe. I should blush to bring the poor tribute of words to the flag sanctified by bap. tism in the tears of our tenderest and the blood of our bravest,. For. more than ten months I had been a prisoner at Anderson ville and Florence. In this article I shall make no attempt to portray the horrors of Andersonvillo. The evidence under seal fur nished by those thirteen thousand graves needs no corroboration by parole testimony. When the storm has. passed, the wreaks on the beach are surer recerds ofat the force of the tempest than all the figures at the signal stations. I had fought the battle for life for more than ten months in those prison pens, and I was consaious that I had fought itwell. I had lost ground daily, it is true, but I had contested it.by foot by foot and inch by inch. My resistance had been steady, unfaltering, systomatin. At the time I was paroled I was suffering from scurvy and general debility, and had also endured most of the minor sick noesses of the camp; but thus far I had escaped those fearful foevors that had wreaked so many of my companions. Shortly after I reached Wilmington a strange dullness took possession of me. My mind refused to act with its accustomed vigor. Owingto the ravenous appetites of some of the meno orders had been given to issue extra rations to 'all who required them ; and, al. though the regularedelly- ration'was' more' than sufflaient for me, I fell into the line with the others and draw the extra. This I took to my tent-mate, for safe.keeping, and again fell in and repeated tbh process, over and over, as long as the drawing lasted. About this time, too, racking pains assailed'me, and I longed inexpressibly for home. Then the vessel came to take us to Annapolis, and we. struggled, and pushed,and jostled each other, in our eagerness to get on board; and at last I was fortunate enough to get 'tumbled on to the deck just as the captain announced that he had a load, and could take no more. My recollections of the voyage are confused. I remember being rolled about, and crowded, and lain on by other passengers.. I also re member staggering up to draw rations, al though I could not eat. Then I was helped off the vessel, and soma one took me by the arm and led me away. Then we stopped, and and a voice said, "Wash him." And then blankness. Ilow long the blank lasted I do not know. When my conseiousness returned I was in a clean bed with white sheets. A light burned in the room, but I saw no one. I closed my eyes, and was lost again. When I awoke it was broad day, and a young man, dressed in a fresh suit of army blue, was standing by the bed-side, He expressed no surprise as his glance met mine. I lifted my right hand, and was astonished at the effort so alight an action required. I gazed at the skeleton fingers, and vaguely wondered where I had been while that hand was growing so thin. I said, "What's the matter ?" He said, "You have had the fever. You're all right now. Don't talk." His voice was low and even; it expressed no sympathy, no anxiety; he moved away, and I slept again. My recovery was rapid. The hospital surgeon visited me at intervals; he asked me no questidns; he merely looked at me and passed on. I had a ravenous appetite, and, with the regularity of clockwork, a tray was placed before me on which was a oup of tean and a delicate piece of toast crowned with poached egg. As I gazed at this dainty repast, I thought it a meal fit for. a god-that is, for a very small god. After a low days the pyramid on the plate was increased in altitude by the ineor. tion of another slice of toast under the ovari ous crown, and flanked by a bottle of porter. Next came the order for admission to the fall. diet table, and soon after the. certificate en. titling me to a furlough. IDaring all this period of convalescence I was conscious of no derangement o-f the mind's.action. My. main interest in life centred in the present, or reached forwa;ia to dthe future;-butstill memories- of. the past, mostly of hope and early life, came to me naturally. - I had, however, -made no - attempt to' recall past events, as. the admirable e:system of unquestioning treatment practised at St. Mary's College Green Hoipital- had -sug gested no such effort; and it was only when called upon to answer questions, at the time I applied for a furlough, that I discovered the singular phase of -mental aberration which forms the subject of this narrative. I have said that my recovery was .rapid; perhaps. I ought to add that as I threw off. the fever I began to suffer with a difliaulty in my feet, probably seurvy-a difioulty that increased daily, urtil each foot felt like an immense bruise. But as this disease did not trouble mo seriously while I was in the:hospital, Idid not spention the .matter to any one, fearing that to do so would delay my- departure for home. This brief portion of personal history is, I believe, all that is necessary to put thebo public in possession of facts that- have any bearing on the problem ander disoussion. And-now I come to the most difiloult pact of my task, the portrayal on paper of this abnormal action of the mind; and in order successfully to do tbhis, I must describe the normal notion in the same direction in aeoh a way that it will be clearly reoognised by all, and yet in such a way as will enable the reader to comprehend the abnormal. HoldI I have itl I will nmaterialise this action; and if the materialisation lacks an arm, or even a log to stand on-as is not on. usually the case--i it but serve my purpose before vanishing in thin air,I shall beo con tent. I will represont memory as a network of telegraph-wires, the main lione connecting the mind with the beginning of onoealous existence, and side wires connecting this line with each event, each inoident; each thought; of past lifo. When the mind is unimpaired1 and the lines are in perfect working ordl, 6 information can be aobtained instantly from I any of the outlying stations. Thequestion it f flashed over the wires, and the answer is re 1 turned, and the combined messages constitute I a thought. In many instances, however, no r perceptible action of the mind is required, and The mind is unquestioning and at rest; and yet, from the various depots in which our experiences of .the past are stored, the messages come trooping in, and we call them memories. These are phases of the normal Sation of the intellect and the undisturbed working of the lines. But I am also familiar with many phases of abnormal action, and various phases of wreck in the lines of com munication : First, the poor wretch with the.wire all down behind him, and the paest a blank. SSecond, wherethomain line is cutat a given point in the past. Back to this point the communications are perfect and the side lines complete, but beyond- nothingness.: Third, where the main line is complete and the side lines are in order near the farther end, but mostly broken or impaired from childhood to the present. This is a common, case. The gray-haired man prattles of the scenes of his youth, but does not recall the events of his manhood. Every word of the prayer his mother taught him is familiar, but he eannotromember a sentence of the speech that made him famous ton years ago. He does not recognies ac acquaintance of yestor. day, but the faces of the friends of his boy; hood stand out lear and distinct. I need not particularise further;' every one is familiar with the gaps in sections, where the storms of life liave beaten down the 'side lines, anidwith the' downfall of .individual wires.'" Neither' will it be wortli' while to'call attention itothe slight derangement of a particular wire that does not respond as promptly'as we wish, but' leaves our .question unansewred,'while the operator at. the other .terminus apparently takes a short nap ,and we scratch our heads in vexation. My object in wvriting this ar ticle is to describe this wellthnown system of communication only so far as may be neces. sary to explain the working of the other line; which no one but myself appears to have used; and as I made use of both, I will designate the former as theDireotline, and the latter.as the Zig Zag. The Direct line was always at my service oneward-it would bring messages, but could not he relied on to carry them; it would transmit one, and refuse the next in what I then thought a most captions manner; and'some times it would apparently grow sulky and re fuse them altogether. B"'ut the patient Zig Zag was not captious; it did not sulk when called upon to do the work refused.by its rival; it went steadilyploddingly, at its task, and never rested till its work was .done. Those two lines were distinct in almost every respect, and in order to make the distinction plain I:wil describe as concisely as possible the peculiarities of the Zig Zag. 'First, it never took a' despatah straight to its destination, but went zigzagging through the past, making short flights from point to' point, and sending back messages from every station." These messages were dim pictures of familiar scenes, that approached slowly and grew plainer until they reached a certain uniform point oft distinctness, when they vanished instantly. Seoond,'these return messages never con tained the information I. was seeking, and some of them appeared to have no possible connection with it; and yet I was conscious that each of these dissolving views; brought menearer the object of my search. . Third, no communication came back over the Zig Zag from the station where it finally delivered my despatch, but instead theanswer came flashing over the Direct Line. ' This was the most perplexing part of the whole trans actin ; for, although assured that each re turning message by the Zig Zag brought me one station nearer the station containing the object sought, I never knew how many still intervened,' and the.answer by tho'Direct Line invariably caught me puzzling over the last message by the Zig Zag, and gave me a little shock, like that experienced by a person when another' jumps out suddenly behind him and cries, "Boo." Fourth, the number of stations stopped at varied, and this variation appeared to have no relation with the remoteness or nearness of the intelligence desired. To make this clear, suppose A and B to be stations on the Direct Line-A containing stores deposited five years and 13 those deposited six months before; messages to B would sometimes be carried farther around and stop at more sta tions than messages to A. \- Fifth, to each despatch the return messages came at regular intervals after the first, hich took about twice ,the time of each of the others. - '` Sixth, the Iength of the intervals varied with thevarying despatches; the answers to some coming very slowly, and to others quite rapidly.' "edn Seventh,' sending and receiving messages by this line produced a certain strain on mind and body that was not' felt when using the Direct Line. And now, having' partially described the workinfg of this line, I' will go back to the time when I discovered it. I had been' noti fled that a furlough would be given me by ap. plying at a certain"ofso e,'to which I was directed, and, with visions of home floating before my mind; I walked into the room and stopped at the'desk."'A-grave, stern-looking ofirear, with a 'pen in his hand and a book before him, eat by the table. He looked up' and said: "Your name." I' gave it, and then'supposcd he would fill out my furlough; but instead he reborded my name in the book, and then inquired : " What regiment do you'belong to?" Of course Iknoew por. festly well that the information sought was among my stores, but when I turnedi to the past with the question, "What 'regiment do I belong:tol" I was amazed to find that the Direct Line did not respond. My despatch was off on the Zig Zag, and soon'the misty messages came back : First message by Zig Zag. A bleak field,' with a swamp extending from side to side near the centre; the field enclosed, with a itockado, and crowded with wretched, dirty, ragged men; outside the. dead-line,, a long row of skeleton forms, with dead faces turned to the sky. Socond message by Zig Zag. A long lie' of Union soldiers charging through an open field, with a forest before them; the line is broken and jagged, as if it had met a blizzard of lead; there are empty saddles, and fallen flags, and a blue-and.red windrow of deoad. Third message by Zig Zag. ?A regimont of soldiers on 'dress parade ;' the soldiers wear blie coats; there are flgireason the fronts of. By the' Direct Lino, Seventy-sixth Now York. . ' I gave the:name of my regiment, and the officoer dashed it down, and asked, bruequely:' "What company?" I ought to have been prepared for this question, bhut I,was not. Ily mind was so dazed with the strange workings of the two lines that I thought of nothing else until bthe. question was put. Again I turned to the past, and inquired: "What oompaldy ?" and again the Zig Zag took the queostion. First message by Zig Zag. A river spanned by a bridge; beyond the 'bridge 'n arch bf evergreens and flags; a throng of nioen hurry ing over the bridge and under thb arch; the msn are emaciated and half-naked, but their Sfaces glow with joy. ' r Second' message by Zig Zag. A forest Union soldiers grouped round a dead cavalry man; a'sergeant ih face turnaed toward the group, as if about to give an order; 'a line of oeCoeierate troops in front, By thoDirectLine, Company F. I named the company, and the officer jotted it down, and said : "Your captain's name ?" And the Zig Zag took the question. First message -by Zig Zag. A long line of Union soldiers, with a group of oflicers on horseback in front; the officers with field glasses to their eyes; the ground in front dereending to a small stream, then ascending to a ridge; the ridge crowned with -a line of Confederate earth-works and batteries ; sharp shooters deployed as skirmishers between the lines. :. Second nessage by Zig Zag. A prison pen; a soaffold;asix men with ropes around their necks and meal.sacks drawn over their heads; ai sea.of faces turned up towaredthe sanffold.¶ :: C.' .Third message, by. Zig Zag. A brigade drawiiup in hollow square; a man kneeling on a eoffe,-with a file of soldiers before him; an ofllear standing stern and pale, his ox tended right hand holding a white handker haief. By the Direct Line, Captain Goddard. The officer took down the name, and in quired, impatiently, " When did you enlist?" I.had noted his growing irritability, and it in. creased my distress. - Other patients were waiting to be questioned. The lear that my mind was. hopelessly shattered was growing into certainty. The strain on my mind and body incident to sending and receiving mes sages was intense. My knees shook under me, and great drops of. sweat stood on my forehead; but I turned digg-.dly, to the past with the inquiry, "When did I enlit ?" The Direct Line rejected the message, as it had the others, but the faithful Zig Zag did not desert me; although evidently over-worked, it. came bravely to the rescue, and took my messape. The first response was longer than usual in coming, but it came at last. Message by Zig Zag. A large sheet:of water with a river emptying into it; a snug harbor; a grove of oaks with a speaker's stand in the ceontra; the grove and stand covered with people. At this point the officer repeated the ques tion, " When did you enlist?" The inter ruption broke the connection on the Zig Zag. The tone of the question demanded an im mediate answer of some sort. I made, coo desperate effort to force the answer from the Direct Line, than I sanid sadly, "I can't tell." The officer laid down .his pan, and said petulantly, "I can't give you a furlough if you can't tell moe 'when you enlisted." Oh, the agony of that moment I I was not to go home after all ? Was it not enough that I was shattered in body and mind, but must this very ruin out off my last chance for recovery ? I thought not of the forms of respect due from a private to a superior; I felt only the injustice of fate. The instinct of self-preser vation asserted itself. The old spirit of re sistance that had carried me through so many trialsblazed out afresh for a moment, and I oeclaimed'jiissionately: "Can't you make some allowance? Can't you see what a wreck I am? I've been in prison, God knows how long, andI've hadthe feover, and I can't think I" The protest' began almost fiercely, but it ended in a wail. I broke down utterly, and cried like a child. For ? moment the silence of the room-was broken only by sobs; then a gentle voice said: '! can make allowance; don't distress yourself." Could this be the voice of that stern offioial? I glanced at him through my tears, and from' that instant I have had a truer understanding of the story of the transiguration. His face was as tender as a woman's. With the tutmost gentleness, h6 assured mo that the matter could be ar ranged, that I must take time, and give the date as nearly as possible. Thus encouraged, I commenced again on the Zig Zag, and found the year, and then the month, but not the day. The furlough was granted, however, and, storing the paper safely in my pooket, I took the first train for home. At first I was a good deal troubled about the peculiarities of the Zig Zag, but I soon made a discovery that proved it to be a friend, and also showed that the Direct Line, in refusing some of my messages and taking others, was acting according to law instead of in a spirit of caprice, as I at first supposed. The work of the Zig Zag was to open com munications with the stations on the Direct Line; and it lrid only to convey one message to each station to accomplish this. When the message was received and the answer sent back by the Direct Line, the connection with that station by the Direct Line was estab. lished, and messages tlashed back and forth with their former regularity. I have before spoken of the messages that came unbidden; these also opened communication on the Direct Line, and to these two sets of stations my messages went straight. Stimdlated by this discovery, I operated the Zig Zag cheer fully, for I knew that each returning message enlarged the area of thereconquered territory. By means of the voluntary messages and the efforts of the Zig Zag, I was soon in direct communication with most of the stations, and the use of the Zig Zag became the ex ception. At this time I used to ponder a good deal on the subject, and strive to comprehend the working of these lines. One thing that perplexed mo greatly was the gap between the last message by the Zig Zag and the return message by the Direct Line. On . exploring these stations after direct commu nioation had been established, I found that some of the Zig Zag messages.approached very niarly the information required; for exampld, the one in regard to the company. It will be recollected that, in the last picture presented by the Zig Zag, a sergeant stood as if about to give an order. Now, the order really given was : " Company F, into line ;" but as no inkling of what this order was reached" me at the time, by either, line, the gapathough apparently small, could not be filled up. At other times, I could not, by the most careful examination, find the least con. nection between the last message by the Zig" Zag and the answer by the Direct Line. This puzzled me, and I imagined that some of the messages by the Zig Zag had miscarried, and had found their way to some unknown dead. letter office; but I finally became satisfied that the gap, in each instance, extended only from the last station on the Zig Zag to the station on the Direct Line containing the in formation sought. I now give the course of reasoning by which this conclusion was reached. Since the messages by the Zig Zag came at regular intervals after the first; and the first took double the time of each of the others, I concluded that the despatch I sent travelled at exactly the same rate of speed as the return messages. Thus, it A, B and C represent stations on the Zig Zag, and D the desired point on the Direct Line, and the in terval of time between messages was five seconds later, or at the exact time that my despatch reached BI; while the message from B would reach me at the same instant that my despatch resched 0, and consequently the message from O would reach me at the sime time that my despatch rciched D, the point on the Direct Line; and as the transmission of messages on the Direct Line occupied no appreciable time, this view of the ease was sustained by the fact that the answer by the Direct Line always came to me while I was examining the last huessage by the Zig Zag. And now the history of this strange line is finished, at least so far as my knowledge of it extends. I bid larewell to theb Zig Zag for. ever. Ah I but is it forover ? 'As I sit in thl twilight. and' iatch the gathering shaddws, and think of the time in the not distant future when the oshadows shall gather for the last time;, aud when perhaps the parting soul will long to send the final messages of love, I ask myself," ShallI not finid it again ?" 