SCIENCE AND RELIGION. The Bev. W. B. Fletcher, M. A. , delivered the sixth of a series of lectures on ' Science and Religion' in the Stow Church on Sunday evening, November 16. The subject of the lecture was ' Death and Life.' and was cased on tne woras, ' wut tnou snow wonaers to the dead?' (Psalm Ixxxviii. 10). In my previous lectures I have endeavoured to show you bow very close is the analogy between the ordinary facts of biological science and the state ments found in the Scriptures concerning spiritual or religious life. This analogy is so close that we may say that we must seek for some other word than analogy, and speak of the laws of life in the two realms of natural and religious science as identical. I wish this evening to carry this thought one stage further, and to apply it to the mysterious fact called ' death.' 1\. It is no more possible for us to define ' death' than it is to define ' life.' They are the commonest of all common facts, yet they have never been set forth in clear words of human speech. We usually speak of death as ' the cessation of life,' but that 13 faulty as a definitioo.becauae we do not know what life is, and, moreover, is not true as a fact. A shot from a gun brings down a wild ox. Its life is gone in an instant, we say. But is it gone? You examine that lump of lifeless and useless organiza tion and we find it ocenpied by millions of lessor and lower creatures which are bred in it and which consume it. The greater life is broken up as it were into a number of smaller lives. That which is true of an ox is just as true of a man. As the Book of Job says, 'The worm shall feed sweetly upon him ; he shall no more be remembered.' Death, says Lewis, is a new birth ; with it certain foims of existence are completed and certain others are commenced. 2\. One of the commonest definitions of life is expressed thua— ' life is the sum of the functions which resist death.' This means nothing more than this : In the chemistry of nature various substances will combine and will remain attached to each other. In vital chemistry combinations take place far more wonderful and intricate, but they are not stable. They are always ready to pass into death. They are only held in their position by livingness. They are always changing, always passing away, always dying, and need to be kept up by food. A crystal does not need to eat ; it is inert, dead ; but a bird without food would soon exhaust itself and would fall a prey to death. The non-living energies of nature would snatch it ont of the domain of the living ; and of the throbbing, aerial form of the bird, part would fall into mere dust and part be resolved into vapour. A living body is always falling into disrepair. It lives by wasting. If it ceases to fall to pieces it ceases to snow any signs of activity. A living body is like wise always repairing itself. In youth the repair goes on more vigorous'? than the waste ; in man hood they are about equal ; in old age the balance is the other way ; in death the power of life is con quered. ' The functions that resist death' are ex ha- ted. So far we tread along the ordinary beaten paths of science and everyday experience. We are all familiar enough with the idea of life, which we picture forth by all our gladdest and brightest words, and we are all too sadly acquainted with its awful shadow; we may try to forget it, but the thought of death is never absent for long from our minds. Other animals die, but the thought of death . has no st ng and no terror, but to man is given the terrible prerogative of being able to speculate about himself, and his destiny, and his deserts, and his doom. He stands by the graveside of his beloved ones, and the words of the old Hebrew poet come to him again and again, ' Wilt tbou show wonders to the dead V Is human death, then, different from other deaths ? or is it nothing more than the last act cf the drama of a brief existence, the denouement of a plot which is too often a melancholy tragedy? 3\. Let me try another definition, for which, in large measure, I am indebted to Herbert Spencer. It will do as a good working definition, though not without fault. Life, says he, is the ' continuous ad justment of internal relations to external relations.' This does not sound attractive to our ears, but if we say that any living being cannot live except it ia in vital connection with its surroundings we are simply putting the same thought into other words. Or we may express it thus : A creature lives as long as it is 'in conespondence with its environment.' Let me ask you to keep this description in mind, I do not put it forth as exhaustive, but it is correct as far as it goes. No science and no philosophy has yet been able to tell us really what life is ; they can tell us part of its meaning. This will do, however, as a working definition. It will help us to get bome grasp of the great question at issue. It will do sntmafhltifr in o-vnloin ripqfh Tf. will enable US to Set the gates of eternity ajar. It will conduct us to tne grave, and when there will bid us look beyond to catch the lustre of a glorious unseen realm as it comes glowing through the half-opened portal. 4\. Let us consider, then, what is a man's environ ment. If life be a correspondence with this environ ment, let us note caiefully what we mean by this phrase. Properly speaking, this environment means everything that is, but we must narrow it down. There are some living creatures that have no eyes, no ears, and no organs at all. You may find them in millions in a drop of stagnant water. Their environment is very simple. They want food and warmth. The wonders of light are nothing to them, the marvels of thought are beyond them. Light and thought are parts of their environment, but these lowly animals are not, and never can be, in correspondence with them. To them they are dead. Look, again, at a tree. It can greet the sun shine and welcome the rain. It can grow and pnt forth its blossoms and buds. As the year rolls round its environment changes and it can respond. In spring it acknowledges the kiss of the sunbeams. In the warm summer it clothes itself with breathing foliage. In the autumn it develops the seed germs. In the winter it rests, because nature is cold and cheerless. It corresponds to a certain limitedpart part of its environment, but to the rest it is dead. In the branches of the tree a pair of singing birds have built a nest. The tree knows nothing about the ecstacy of the love songs of its winged tenants, or of the parental care which the songsters feel as they work for their helpless little family. The bird lives in a larger and wider circle of environment than the tree, and if it had no more correspondence with what surrounds it than the tree ib would die. But as io is it can use the wandering breezes as its highway. With its piercing eye it can make use of the rays of light. With listening ear it can be charmed by the twitter of its mate. With tender instinct it can covet its young brood with a sheltering wing. Colour, music, love are all parts of the environment of the tree as well as the bird, but with those it is not in cone spondence and to them is dead. We turn now to the man. He lives in a yet wider circle of known surroundings, with which he can open up correspondence. He can think and argue. He can observe Nature and make use of her powers. He can feel, and speculate on his feelings. Be has a sense of right and wrong, and ia in corre spondence with a totally new sphere. He ia more fully alive became he touches, as it were, a vastly larger sphere of his surroundings. Beauty and truth and goodness, honour, patriotism, and nobility are within his reach, lie may not with bis eye have as perfect a correspondence with light as an eagle or a skylark, or with his ear be able to listen to sounds as delicate as those which are audible to a wild deer, but he can see beauty and can recognise it. He can listen to sounds which speak to him the deep truths of harmony. He can in terpret nature in a way in which no other animal can. 5\. Now, I ask, is this the whole of a man's environ ment? Is there nothing beyond all this? Are there no realms which are, as it were, outside of all these things? It is impossible for us to say tbere are not, for even inside the regions of nature man is ever enlarging hia environment ; what is outside the known may be of infinite variety andmeaning. Even man is only alive in part. He is dead to all that lies beyond. This all admit. It is being dinned into our ears again and again by all the thinkers of science. We are told that man is alive because he is in correspondence with a certain environment, and is dead and ought to be content to be dead to all that is beyond. He ought to aim at making this correspondence as perfect as he can. He should train bis brain to grasp and retain knowledge. He should cultivate bis taste that he may rejoice in whatever is beautiful. He should watch over his conscience that he may grow into all that is lovely and honourable. He should aim at making himself as complete as he can. And when this harmony breaks down, as it surely will do, then he dies and passes away. 6\. But let me now put another question. Is this the whole of the environment with which a man may come into communion ? You ask a few of those who affect to be very wise in such matters, and they will tell you it is. Yon ask the millions of human beings who have trod this earth, and they will tell you it is not. They will tell us that they have a vague sense of a realm of spiritual realities, that they must call upon the unseen, that they must worship and pray. There is a dim consciousness of God in human nature which it is very hard to get rid of, and which can only be got rid of by an effort. Man's life seems to open out with unknown realms beyond life, and to be capable of a yet higher correspondence therewith. He is a spiritual being as well as a mere creature of intelligence. He has spiritual yearnings which take him far away into regions where sense cannot penetrate, and strange thinkings which transcend all wonted themes 'and into glory peep.' This is a new world of which he touches only the fringe— a new world which introduces him to new ideas and new hopes and new principles. He feels he ought to be in correspondence with this spiritual realm, and hence his efforts to interpret for himself the mysteries of religion. He feels that he is sadly out of harmony with this mystic realm, and hence his efforts take the form of superstition and idolatry and fantastic theology. He hears within the voice of conscience which demands for its correspondence that the spirit should find rest in God. He has a longing for God and yet he is afraid of God. He feels he ought to find out God, and yet he trembles at the 'eeling. From out of this mysterious range of higher law and higher life there comes to him the dim consciousness of right. His errors are not mere mistakes, they are sins. His relations to that world are relations of eternal rectitude. He trembles at himself, and takes refuge in all the wild religious theories which have deluded the world. 7\. Let us advance onr argument another stage. When any being is in partial correspondence with its environment, that correspondence may be ex pected to grow more perfect. The disciples of the fashionable doctfine of evolution tell ns that as the environment changes so does the organism. Aquatic animals have become terrestrial ' Breathing nor mally by cilia,' to quote Drummond, 'as the result and reward of a continued effort carried on from generation to generation to inspire the air of heaven direct they have slowly acquired the lung-function. In the younc organism, true to the ancestral type, the gill still persists, as in the tadpole of the common frog ; but as maturity approaches the true lung appears, the gill gradually transfers its task to the higher organ. It l hen becomes atrophied and disappears, and finally the animal breathes easily by lungs alone.' It is impossible for any one to deny that there may be some such higher environ ment outside the ordinary things of earthly life. To say that it cannot be analysed or discussed is nothing to the point It may be true, says the coldest science of materialism, but yon cannot proveit. It is there, saysanotherschoolof scientists, for we can prove it 1 here are many facts that not only transcend onr knowledge, bnt are utterly im possible on any system of materialism. It is proved by incontestible evidence that thought can travel, as we say, through space. Thought-reading, as we call it is one such fact, which alone abolishes with one blow the mud castle of the fortress of materialism. Science can build nothing in its place, but it is something for science to set itself to work, as it is doing, to refute the terrible cheerless no-creed which has been palmed off upon the world as the climax of truth. To this the aspiring soul adds, ' It is there, there is a realm of eteroaltruth and ideal spiritual perfection; there is a higher en vironment than any of which Tnan 33 g. mere animal is conscious. It is there; I know it I have seen it; I nave held communion with it I have found the very heart of God. God is love, and whoso dwelleth in love dwelleth in God and God in him.' 8\. Now, look at man as a living being, and think what death means to him. It comes to him as a terrible shock. It shatters his frame. It scatters his ntrve-fibres into fragments. It throws him ont of gear with all that seems to be his environment. The eye sees no longer, the ear is palsied in an in tense silence. The brain works no more in the energy of thinking. 'Decay's effacing fingers sweep the lines where beauty lingers.* 'Man giveth up the ghost, and where is he V But what about that higher environment with which, accord ing to strict science, he might have corresponded? Is it impossible for him to blossom into a new life, which will be strictly a new and orderly develop ment ? Shall we come across a great break in the law of continuity, a huge fault in the law of evolu tion? Does death end all? or is not death, on strictly biological principles, the passing upwards into a higher realm of environment? Beautifully has the Poet Laureate expressed this in those well known lines which express the recoil of the spirit against hard materialism :— 'And he, shall he, Man, her last work, who seemed so fair, Such splendid purpose in his eyes, Who rolled the psalm to wintry skies, Who built him fanes of fruitless prayer, ' Who trusted God was love indeed, And love Creation's final law— Though Nature, red in tooth and claw With ravine, shrieked against his creed — ' Who loved, who suffered countless ills, Who battled for the True, the Jrat, ? Be blown about the desert dust, Or sealed within the iron hills 7' ThiJ awful question loses its terror if death be the gateway to a higher life. 9\. We come now to the Christian doctrine of life anddeatb, and what I wish to show you is that it is H strict accordance with the deepest and mos- acknowledged scientific principles. Says Chrstianity— There is a higher realm, which is abo/e us and yet around us, a realm of spiritual fores, and principles, and influences, of which God is tie centre and the focus. It say* again that the type of character which pervades that realm is that is holy, and pure, and unselfish, and that to f-rm that type to highest wisdom is united the inteisest tlove. It says further that man may havt and ought to have, correspondence with this hea«nly environment, and that his vain efforts at prajjr and at making a religion for himself are prods of it, but that he has by reason of sin becone -blinded to the light of God. He is liter.lly 'dead' in his trespasses and sins. Furbermore, it reveals a way by which man may rise to that sublime abode of Gort. He. must repent, he must trust God, he nust pray, he must cultivate this superior side of his nature. He muso.respond to the life powr that comes to him from above. He was deal to the life of God, but God gives him a new life hrough faith. Furthermore, it tells how there cam from the unseen the eternal Christ to give us in bjman life the type of that life which is super huttin, and how lie died among us to show how mat may conquer death by passing through it. WEt then is death to the Christian? It is thabreaking of the chain that holds him from flyjg to bis new atmosphere. It is the open ing :-f the door of the cage that allows the regperated and Quickened spirit to get free. It is theiprising into that new environment with 'which he »s learned to commune. Will the evolutionist whiadmits the regeneration of the frog under the mojifyiDg influence of a continued correspondence wifiane* environment care to question the pos sibjlty of the soul acquiring such a faculty as that of f ayer, the marvellous breathing function of the neicreatnre when in contact with the atmosphere of jbesetting God ? Is the change from the earthly to fce heavenly more mysterious or less according to iw than the change from he aquatic to the tenstrial mode of life? Is evolution to stop with theorganic? Shall it have no place in wnit is npiitual? 1( The Christian doctrine, then, in reference to lifend death, is just tbls, that there is in man a life priiiple which ought to correspond with the eteial and the spiritual— that the real Christian is oe who through Christ has begun to live on this higer rlane, and who already sees something ef Go- It is expressed in the words of Christ, ' Viosoever liveth and believeth in me shall never die. Such an one has 'passed from death unto life alridy. Physical death remains, but as for phiical death, it is true that mors ganua vita, for, say the Lord, 'Where I am there ye shall be also.' Thi is the theory of a Christian's hope, and its pratical meaning may be brought home to all by sayig what is absolutely true on its scientific sid-that if any man will inherit eternal life he inst cnltivate a correspondence with the eternal. Th; there will be a sort of survival of every human sot beyond death I firmly believe. All analocrv ports to it, but I have not attempted to discuss thi the negative side of the question. I leave that to 3ur own consciences. I have been concerned sirjly to show how the hope that the devout soul haof living for ever with God ia not a mere dream or fancy, which may as likely as not be blown aw/ by death, but is fixed firmly in the principles of :ience, and is eternal and strong as the very laws ofiod. ? 