. acting in Warmest. ' : rt is well known that'during those' hours which the Mte Mr.' Chafles Dickens devoted' to literary .labour, stj thdrdughly "did: 'he throw himrielpnto th6'. different chara'cteW bf'his works1, that for' thfe tfiWe''being he thought, plotted; spoke, and 'ticted !orify "in' tlteir respective persons, forgettiiig altogether that hte was either a novelist or Charlfes Dickens,' or indeed any other than 'that par ticular individual whose portrait hnd%o long by mental intercourse become indeliblyim planted oil his mind. To' the habitual practice of this trait, therefore, a very large proportion otitismcofemlstb hAMwtd ; for it must always be maintained that in .the truthful delineation' of character—arid each .individual, character eihtiodies a variety of the human 'Jiassion—all the genius of an exceptionally qualified Novelist oir dramatist is to be traced and..ho who can so com pletely identify himself with the creations of his imagination as :to|,sink in them 'the consciousness of ;his 6«ni persdhality, must need6, precept a chain of ;bharactem;itioii as natural as itwill: be imposing and1 itttrac tive. >v. • " ' And if this be true of an author,Sritu Ii'ow much greater force must it uqt apply to' an actor, who becomes at ,0099 the 'mstronieut or. the "interpreter bf' thfe: dramatist; and whose'business'it is to' r^present'-faithfully all those.,amotions which have been-allotted 'to the character that be impereohateir'? • It is therefore iiot only 'becessary , tliait' the histrio act his part with §11 'dtic"intelligence', and with every attention to' details' in [the matter of costume and other accessories; but he must actually fed the character—to •lose himself so' completely, that, 'foir'the tin»er' present, ' he ;becbme in; turn''Othello, Macbeth,' Borneo, 'or ahy other 'df','ttibre personages which his art calls upbil"him to assume.' A characteristic anecdote, ably illustrating this fact, lias lately been reported—Oil the authority of M.' Jules Claretie—touching upon' Salnni's 'conception of Othello. It ap 1 pears that one, evening the great tragedian was sorely pressed by a party of friends'fo give (hem as a recitation the last monologue of Othello.. At length he consented, and after a few moments rose, and began in that ;fine resonant t'oice with which few members of his profession have been so gifted. But suddenly, and in the middle of a line; he paused, then, with a' gesture significant of disappointment, exclaimed : "No; it iB'im possible 1 I am not in the situation. . I am not prepared for this supreme anguish. ' In order to render, the frantic despair of Othello, I need to have passed through' all his "tor tures.' I need to have' played the whole part. But to enter thus the soul of a character without having gradually pene trated into it—I cannot; it is impossible !' Salvini is moved by the associations of his \- part; and from the moment he stepB on the stage, he is no longer Salvini, but Othello, Lear, or any -other of Shakespeare's master pieces. It is jocularly said in Italy, that Salvini always carries in his pocket a free. pardon, signed by Victor- Gmmamiel, and countersigned by the Minister of Justice, in case when he plays Othello, of bis smother-. ing Desdemona in downright earnest. Another impassioned > actor of the- very highest class "was the Late Mr. Mao ready. "1 have often watched him," wiites Mr. Oeorge Augustus Sala, " from the flies before he went on, standing at the wing, apparently lashing liimsslf into the' proper frame of excitement needed for the particular part which he was playing, and muttering mean while in a seemingly incoherent manner to; himself. Hut I have been assured that; these-utterances were by no meaus inco herent, and that thoroughly identifying him self with the part, he unfeignedly believed himself, for the nonce, to be Hamlet, Mac-; beth, or what not; and would hold the most \ passionate discourse with' himself, touohing the guilt of Claudius, the gray' hairs of Duncan, aud the potency, gravity and revcr-. ence of the Sighory of Venice, his very' noble and approved good masters." On one occasion, immediately after the curtain had been rung up on the lirst act of. Maobeth, an miluclty aetor in the company chanced to stumble upon the tragedian during his pas sionate preparations, the coneequcnce. of which was that Macrekdy, quite unwittingly,. dealt him a blowon the hand wtth'such force that the blbod flowed forth'; and 'as at that ' ilistant the victim,was to make his entrance on .the'8ceiic, he impersonated the " bleeding soldier" oiilytoo naturally, and much to the; aijtarisliment of theothcractors. ; ' "Tidmo; also, was so realistic an' actor, that, j in o'rdwr to work'up liis grand bursts' of| pasfe'ion, he Would seize upon any unfortunate ''super1 whom' he came upon behind the scenes, and'shake him "until ■ hte': himself became, breathless, and tlie man ^frightened beyond1 all control at hie assumed violenoe. ■ Never-! thclees, the peculiarities botli''.of Maiready; . and Talma were only in accordance' with that precedent furnishod in anaiont 'history,! though with less disastrous results.. Accord-i ing to l'lutareb, the Roman actor, soj interested himself in the characters he' undortpbk, that /one day when: he played Atreus, he, in that scene where it falls to his lotto consider how he might beBt destroy the tyrant Thycstes, worked himself up into such a 'pitch of ungovernable rage' that lie struck ooe of the-minor performers with his sceptre aud laid him dead at his feet; ' ' l)'rom the earliest days of the Greek thaatre, the drama hold a foremost position among the arts, and was considered side by side in importance with.oratory. Nor during its reign among the Romans, at a later period; was this high estimation of the tragic muse sufi'ercd to abate. The ancients in fused such an intense earnestness and jseal into1 their acting, that no effort or sacrifice vas over deemed too great, if, by its employ ment, the intercuts of their art could be in anywise enhanced. And how well those in terpreters of the dramatists of old acquitted themselves on all occasions has been fully •exemplified in the interests of l'ulux, who, on the very day on which he was to imper sonate. Electro jn one if.tho heroics of i Sppho$eB.diepW mouraed'tlie de^thof'iitf onlVtapp; yet' tbi^ dlil'iiot inspire him with, aa'ffimen't, tear/himself frfrtp' th'e: anj, AfliI 'l/fjup, a M&fijaf; Maffiajjiq, ^fiirt.he'fpaB-^ plajr'jwafan es^ct". r<9Bqmb|auj!9 pf'/lw^ora.fcp'ndi,fibti—1? fp'nd latberlbo^ailin^ the, Ipsis of, JiSs, chU3^' he,_ in, prdp;tp,,i:«ider tig grief.' the' more ippigns'nl Mjd jtiie idBntip^lj.fnQ^pal ||m cp^tathitt'^.!!t&e; iMbfS of li^lam'entea^pn,, at ^litcb 'he^ai jriot^oply visibly affected himself; but,the eptfrg a^epi^Iaga sverp.,tb$shed unto'tears lattliiBfexhibitioni'BoJikrrpwingin itsriality,. i«q, jpipnsejy.1 epul-iuspiring.ip its sorrow," ! 'DeVc^ridiag at.ppce!to the.fcinie' of ^haJk-' japear^, and ,$»ntinninc' 'vit;*fcfcWjr through !tlie lyhojo history oftbe modern drama, we |ducp{vjer 'th'«V8amp . earn!e|stness that .ebarac-, (tenseuJtli^iM^ing bt. th(9 anciepta. ,01 Bet itertop, the ooptemporary of the. iihmprlal, (Bard, it. has .been recorded, thatVppne wis :eyer more qualified by Jiatnre andhy genius' tp a£t.y?h6t Shakepeare mote that he, in^er fqr' a single moment, whileonthe stage, conducted himself asan aoto^b'utas. the character he represented. We. are tol3 also that .wbenever be played Hamlet he vis actually a^en tp turn pale las ths'ghost ap] : pcare.d, go thoroughly did he enter into the teelingsoiE thetMe role, go, deeply could he alio w hia imagination to, drink in the horrors of such a situation. ,,Garnck, ppsapaaed ; the, same. po wers. .of i^ftliaatW.,,' Agrocer !p." Lichfipld—Garrick's native place—on the occasion .of a brief visit to .Lpndppi , was desired, by . hiB neighbor,, Peter Girrickj to .wait upon his brother at Drury jLane. Theatre on. his behalf : for which purpo^he furnished him with a letter of introduction. In due course he arrived ; yet, before presenting himself at" the stage dppr, ,ihe grocer ' thought' he would first see the. performance! as he wished to satisfy himself at the outset as to the personal appearance of David Garrick. The theatre was crowded in every part; and when the idol of .the public came on. the stage as Abel Drugger, their enthusiasm knew no bounds. The consequence, of this visit, however, was that tlie grocer returned to Lichfield with out having presented his letter. He thus explained niinself to Peter; ''Your brother may be rich, as I daresay the ,man who lives like ljim must be ; but though he be your brother,,he is oneof the shabbiest, meanest, and most pitiful hound* 1 ever saw in.the whole course of tny life , A wortliy successor to Garrich, more especially, perhapsiiu, ShakespeareanVoto, »vas Spranger Barfy, 'So terrible did he appear in tj\e jealous seine of Qthellc, tha{ as he pronounced the words, "I'll tear her at! in pieces !" bis muscles visibly stiffened, his veins distended, his eyes almost forced "themselves from their 'orbits, acid every fibre of his body partook of ftat 'passion which carried all before it. Men and women in; all parts of the house were equally affected, the frail' sex" shrieking outright; while'Bernard, in his Recollections±"confesses that'be could not Bleep all night after having w.itnesseS such a performance. Speaking of Barry's earnestness in this particular, passage, we cannot refrain from calling to mind 5lr. Edwin Booth's experi ence in the same portion of the tragedy, as, whon.ouly.ayear or two ago, whileperform, ing in a theatre at Fort-George in , the Far -West, the audience were so carried away by his terrible earnestness of purpose, that at this point they rose to a: man, and drpwing their bowie-knives and revolvers, declared that." if he did not drop his diabolical game at opce, they wpuld make dead-meat of him !"—upon which revelation, the tragedian dropped his acting, and the manager dropped the curtain....... . - Throughout all such scenes in Othello and other plays, Barry was himself so intensely moved, that his powers of utterance were ■considerably;weakened, and real;tears often gusbed forth fromhis eyes. Apropos of this subject, too, Charles Kemble once told Mr. Adolphus that,as often as he (Kemble) .acted Cassio, on bis brother John's pronounc ing the words as only he could pronounce them, " I dp believe it, and I ask your par don," he caused the tears to flow readily from his eyes.. "One must feel to make others . feel," once remarked an eminent actress, who often shed tears wben excited by the situations in whioh the heroine of ker performance found herself; and Miss Kelly UBed to relate how she felt the hot tears dropping from 'Mrs. Siddons' eyes when playing one of her most pathetic parts.— Chambers Journal* 