A TRUE GHOST STORY. [By oub own Sightseer.] Shortly after returning home from my first voyage to sea—that is about ten years ago—I was invited by a well-to-do aunt, whoBe only encumbrances in the world were a pretty daughter about my own age and a big oat, to spend the ChristmaB with her at an old Manor House she had recently rented on the southern coast. I willingly accepted the invitation, and a week before Christmas I was formally installed in the best spare room, which, to my intense delight, com manded a splendid view of the sea. Ad joining my room, which was on the second floor, was another one equally spacious, in which my aunt slept, while communicating with the same was a much smaller one, the holy of holies of my pretty cousin. A wild and old-fashioned staircase led down to the first floor, on which were a drawing-room, dining-room, and sitting or smoking room, all of which were fitted up with handsome old oak furniture, while the ground-floor was used as a kitchen, and contained a snug little retreat for the housekeeper and her husband, an apparently very religious couple, between 30 and 40 years of age. The Manor House, which had a very picturesque appearance, was sur mounted by a tower, containing three rooms, one over the other, reached from the second floor by a narrow staircase, but which was said never to have been visited since the death of the landlord a score of years ago. My aunt was delighted with the mansion, which just suited her taste, and told me in confidence that she had rented it for a mere song on account of a report that it was haunted. " But," said my aunt, who was a strong-minded woman, with beautiful silver hair, and much given to writing poetry, " you know there are no such things as ghosts, and if simple minded people will believe in them we may as well take advantage of their folly. Be sides," she added, *' the housekeeper, who has lived here all her life, has never seen a ghost, and says that an open Bible, a Companion to Watt's Hymns, and Short .Headings for the Sick and Aged, which form the oniy library of herself and husband, are enough to scare away all the ghosts in creation. As for my pretty cousin and myself I need hardly say I we were enchanted with the idea of living in a haunted house. 1 have already mentioned that my aunt had a big cat, of which, indeed, she was so fond—an attachment, I may add. that was fully- reciprocated—that I firmly believe if it had died she would have mourned its loss almost as much if it had been that of her only child, _ of whom also she was extremely fond. Having a natural liking for cats my self, I soon took to "Big Tabby, as we use d to call her, and in order to testify its affec tion for us both, it used to sleep first in one room and then in the other, showing thus a kind of divided allegiance. Its only fault— if fault it were—seemed to be an extreme antipathy to cats, especially black ones, of its own size. This peculiarity showed itself immediately on arrival at the Manor House by a tremendous fight with a still larger cat owned by the housekeeper, and the battle which ensued between them would assuredly have resulted in the death of one or other of the combatants had they not been forcibly separated, the housekeeper testifying, if that were possible, even more solicitude for " Black Gorgon, as it was called, than did my aunt for " Big Tabby." Notwith standing its name, " Black Gorgon" was not entirely black, its belly and paws being aB white as milk; but it had a strange weird appearance, its great grey eyes gleaming in the dark with a half-intelligent, half-fero eionslook, as if, gorgon-like, they would turn the object of their hate to stone. Somehow or other 1 didn't take to this cat, which re minded me forcibly of the black cat of Defoe, that mysterious animal round whoBe neck its guilty master saw day by day, and with ever increasing horror, grow first a circle of white and then the figure of a halter, and which, bricked up in a wall along with his murdered wife, revealed the secret of his master's crime by his unearthly cries. How ever, my aunt at once gave orders that the two cats should never meet again, and the housekeeper took precautions accordingly. On Christmas Day my aunt determined to give a Rrand party, and issued invitations to all the big noDB in the neighbourhood whose acquaintance she had made. Christ mas Eve accordingly was a day of bustle and preparation from which I sought to escape as well as I could. In the morning I bad an insurmountable desire to examine the tower above my room, of which mention has already been made. The staircase leading up to the first room above was so dark I could see nothing, and further progress was barred by a locked door. I went down to the house keeper's room to ask for the keys, but the housekeeper was so busy upstairs preparing for the expected party that she did not hear me call. However, I saw her bunch of keys lying on the table and with these 1 made off. Of this I was rather glad, as I did not feel at all sure that the housekeeper would have given the keys up, and my curiosity to inspect the tower was increasing every minnte. Having secured the keys I rushed upstairs and commenced operations. Un locking the first door I lifted the heavy latch, which was similar to the one attached to the outside, both of my own and my aunt's door, and pulling it towards me, for it swung from above with a creaking sound, I went up Btairs. Another door unlocked and opened as before showed me an empty room, with one narrow window, looking seawards, above which were two other rooms equally deserted and equally dark. Having thus satisfied my curiosity, although to tell the truth I was rather disappointed at finding so little, I went back, carefully locking the doors on my way, andaepositedthekeyswherelhadfound ■ them without the housekeeper apparently ] having noticed the loss. After dinner, ana notwithstanding the state of the weather, which was very squally and extremely cold, I dropped into the Bailor's Arms, a little public-houBe some two miles off, where I had caught a glimpse of a very pretty girl a day or two before, whom the landlady, her mother, colled Nancy. On seeing me enter, and noticing I was wet, Nancy, who was serving beer to some watermen at the bar, opened the door of the bar parlour and asked me to step in and diy myself, an invitation, you may be sure, which I was nothing ioth to accept. Nancy, who looked about _ 17, had a wealth of light-brown hair coiled about her prettily snaped head, a pair of lustrous, sympathetic eyes, a pleasant, in telligent face, and, what is still more un common among my countrywomen, a decidedly good figure. I soon engaged her in conversation, during the course of which I told her I was spending Christmas at the Manor House. " What 1" she exclaimed with astonish ment, "yon are staying at that ill-fated house ! Then you wulsurely rue it. Noone ever pnt foot inside that house without regretting the day." " Do yon, toot believe in ghosts ?' I said. "Tell me, that is if you know, what is the story attached to the Manor Uonse." " I know as much about it," replied Nancy, " as I suppose any one who never lived in it ever will Know; but mark my words, before to-night is over you will know more about it Oh ! that is nonsense," I said. " I have been there already nearly a month, and a more delightful time I never spent." " That is very possible," said Nancy, " but noone has ever spent a second Christmas Eve in the Manor House for twenty years." "Why, how can you know that?" I said. "You Burely are not twenty years of age yourself?" "You are right," said Nancy, "but my mother, whom you saw last time you were here, has told me about it many a time. She has gone out to make some preparations to celebrate the anniversary of her wedding, which took place twenty years ago to-morrow. On that very day—and my mother has often read me the account of the inquest—the owner of the Manor House, a man about 40 years of age, was found dead in his bed with his brains blown out by a revolver. A note was on the table stating that on Christ mas Eve two years previously he had murdered a girl after having kept her locked up in the tower for a long time, ana that the body would be found in the garden. The note added that full particulars of the crime would be found among his papers. It was then remembered that the wretched man's wife had also died in a very mysterious manner on that very same night in the previoue year. A search was made in the garden as directed, and the body of a female was found buried under a slab, where it still remains; but although all the drawers and wardrobe were ransacked no papers bearing on the crime were found. For a long time the old house remained empty, and on the only three occasions on which it has been let since then," said Nancy in an earnest tone, " the occupants left on Christmas Day." " All that may be true," I said, " and it iB at the very least highly romantic, but still I see no reason why, even if there be any ghosts, the.y should haunt me." Nancy turned upon me a pair of eyes beam ing with sympathy, and entreated me to stay till her mother returned, which would not be long. There was a spare room in the house which was at my service, and anytbing, she said, would be better than spending ChriBtmas Eve in the old Manor House. Much as a iiked Nancy's company, and willing as I might have been to accept so kind an invitation, still it was of course out of the question. I accordingly thanked my pretty entertainer for her story, and promising to let her know if anything unusual occurred 1 left for the Manor House, my curiosity, I need hardly say, roused to the highest pitch by what I had just heard. Saually as the weather had been when I started, it was now doubly so. The wind blew in hurricane gusts, whirling madly round the narrow streets, knocking over the chim ney-pots in its way and driving the snow and sleet into my face and wetting me to the bone. The sea, lashed by the wind, rushed wildly against the shore, sending its spray over the tops of the houses, and sullenly retreating, dashed against the cliffs with an angry roar as if determined to annihilate them where they stood. Two ships, lying at anchor in the roads, had sent up signals of distress, and the lifeboat, which had gone to their assistance, had just returned. One of the ships, they said, had dragged its anchors and, driving against the other, had foundered with all hands, while its equally unfortunate neighbour, in its endeavour to escape, had drifted on to the sands and was supposed to he lost. Arrived at the Manor House I found my aunt in a very uncomfortable state, all her acquaintances in the neighbourhood having written at the last moment to decline her in vitation, some alleging one thing and some another in excuse. I then told her what I had heard, which naturally enough raised her curiosity, though it did not apparently seem to excite any alarm. About 10 o'clock we retired for the night, it being Big Tabby's turn to sleep in my room. The night was so dreadfully stormy that I was unable to sleep. I therefore lit a cigar and meditated on the extraordinary story I had heard. One thing in particular struck me—namely, that the details of the crime were not known, the papers containing them never having been found. Impelled by my curiosity, I turned over the drawers of the wardrobe and of the secretaire, not that I expected to find any thing, but moved by a feeling which I could not resist. My search, as I expected, was fruitless, there being nothing in the drawers besides my own apparel but copies of old newspapers, with which, as is customary, they were lined. At last my eyes rested on a sombre-looking chest at the foot of my bed, of which I had not taken any particular notice before. It was very large, of a dirty black colour, and, unlike the chest of drawers, was locked, but my curiosity would not allow me to stop at trifles, and after working at it a few minutes with a chisel I managed to break it open. The inside of the box, or rather chest, was in the greatest possible confusion, papers of ; every description, such as copies of old news- : papers and musty-looking documents, as well as portions of women's clothing, being scattered about. I hastily put the clothing in a drawer in the wardrobe and proceeded to examine the papers and documents. The latter comprised several copies of a will, pre sumably made by the late owner, and legal instruments of seemingly no particular value. The papers were principally local ones, four of wnich, duplicated, were dated twenty years ago, and contained a full report of the inquest on the body of the unfortunate suicide. In one of those I found the exact words of the note which the deceased had written on that fatal Christmas Eve. It was substantially the Bame as what Nancy had told me, but the part referring to the lost papers arrested my attention. { ' A full and complete confession of my crime and of its terrible^ consequences will be What followed said the witness who pro duced the note at the inquest, had been obliterated by a spark from the revolver fall ing on the paper and destroying the edge. He presumed, however, that the word secre taire was meant, but although this had been thoroughly searched no papers of any kind relating to the crime had been found. The other newspapers in the chest were of a much more recent date, and contained advertisements of the letting of the Manor HouBe from time to time, and alBO scattered paragraphs relating to it, among them being several accounts of the hasty departure of its occupants, all such paragraphs being in variably dated shortly after Christmas Eve. The chest was now apparently empty, the clothes and the newspapers and tne legal documents being all stowed away separately in the wardrobe. Having done this, I lit another cigar, my first having gone ont daring the process of examination, and fell into a brown stndy. That a confession, and that an intensely interesting one, had really been written. I had no manner of donbt, and that it had never been found seemed equally clear. Although twenty years seemed rather a long time to have elapBed, yet the Manor House bad been almost wholly deserted Bince then. The search at the time appeared to have been rather hastily con ducted, and it was not altogether improbable, I thought, that the papers might even yet be found. The only question was where to look. The letter S in the note written by the deceased had been taken to mean the secretaire; but might it not mean something else? Anyway it was a secret which was well worth discovering, and I was deter mined, if possible, to find it out. At this moment "Big Tabby," who had been curled up asleep on my bed, woke up and came purring to my side. Seeing the open chest Bhe jumped in and curled herself up again as if for a sleep. 1 could not divest myself of the idea that this chest had some thing to do with the secret. It looked so mysterious, standing there so solemnly at the foot of the bed, that I determined to have one more look. Pulling out the cat, who had seemingly ensconced herself in it for the night, I proceeded to examine the chest with the minutest care. At_ this moment the moon, which had hitherto been hidden by the storm - clouds, burst out for a moment, and looking in through the window seemed to peer right into the chest, which she lit up with a weird light. The illumination was but for a moment, the storm-cloud again hiding her face, but as she withdrew her light she shone right through a tiny crevice at the bottom of the chest and revealed, what no one seemed to have known' before—a false bottom. The letters then must have referred to the secret drawer in this chest. Elated with the idea of soon discovering the object of my search I probed the bottom of the che9t with my hands, but not the least sign of an opening was to be found, and to all appearances it was as innocent a box as ever was made. But 1 was not to be baulked by appearances, and after Beveral minutes' hard work I managed to turn the chest, which was very heavy, on its Bide. The outside, however, bore as little evidence as the inside of the false bottom, which I was firmly convinced it had, and which indeed only the glance of the moon had revealed. The inside seemed to be on a perfect level with the outside, and if there were a secret drawer it mast be ex ceedingly small. The only way to get at it was evidently to break in the bottom, and this, after ten minutes' hard work, I managed to do, when sure enough a lot of papers fell upon the floor. I cannot describe my sensations on coming for the first time, atter so many years, on these confessions of what turned out to be one of the most diabolical of crimes. The ink with which they were written was dis coloured by age, although not so much as they would have been in a less secure holding place. The first two or three pages were almost illegible, seemingly from the effects of fire, and they had evidently all been written in extreme haste, as if the soul of the unhappy man had been wrung by the horrors he waB coDjaring up. I smoothed down the papers, and essayed several times to read, but at first waB unable to do so. The wind had been increasing during the night and it was now blowing a furious gale, which shrieked and howled round the old mansion like disem bodied spirits chasing each other with fearful glee through the halls of the lost. The rain beat pitilessly upon the window-panes and ran in an unceasing stream from the roof. The Bea, rendered furious by the storm, had overflowed, and each successive wave seemed as if it would sweep us from the land. The clock upon the stairs struck 12, and un able any loneer to restrain my curiosity I turned once more to the manuscript, and read as follows " CONFESSIONS OF A MURDERER. "Christmas Eve, 1850.—Again this fatal Christmas Eve, the anniversary of my crime! Heavens, how my blood courses through my veins at the thought! My brow is hot as fire, big drops stand upon my forehead, my pulse is feverish, and a horrid fear, im possible to shake off, seizes upon my very vitals. The cloister-bell tollB out the mid night hour, perhaps the last I shall ever hear, for if It comes again—It ! It !—with its slow step down the cold dark stairs, and wringing its hands at me as it did on that dreadful night. ... Ah ! why did I not have pity 1 How could I have done such a frightful deed? Never, no. not for one minute since that fatal night have I had rest; never has the vision ceased to haunt me by day or night. There it ever stands, wringing its thin and shrivelled hands, as if imploring for a mercy it was never to obtain. Oh heavens! the thought is agony. Only two short years ago! It seems an age, and not the great God himself can wipe out from the record that hideous crime. Would that He could! She deserved not auch an awful fate. Ah! I remember her young and beautiful, with hair as black as it was luxuriant, and eyes that were all tenderness and love, and now—Great vilely that the gentle light from those eyes had fled for many a year. And yet when I met her first as sne tripped along so happy by herself, so unconscious of all ill, how beauti ful she looked ! Good God! Would that we had never met! Would that these eyes had lost their lustre ere they had seen such an angel but to destroy. But repentance is too late. It cannot alter the irrevocable. She left her home for love of me, and we lived a happy life for years. But there It is again, with outstretched arms and threateningglance. ... I tell you I cannot help it now. The deed is done. Leave me in peace. . . . But no, it is only my fancy. Vet to-night, the anniversary of my crime, if It some to night, as it did last Christmas Eve, I will live no longer; I will—well, let It come, 1 care not; I cannot hurt her more. How it is that love can change to hate I cannot tell, but so it was with mine; and when she begged me and implored me on her bended knees to make my promise good and right her before the world's censorious eye, I had already ceased to love. And then commenced a fatal time for her, for night after night I used to beat and finally to stsrvB her, and then I bound her in a room, the topmost room of all, all by herself, and gave her bread and milk, and olten bread alone. And then—but why recount the story? I loved again; or was it her gold that tempted me to wed? And on that fatal Christmas Eve, the night before my wedding day, she whom I had so foully wronged heard—how I cannot tell—that I was about to wed another, and forcing all the doors came down and appeared at the foot of my bed. I think I hear her step again, slowly descending from the topmost room, lifting the latches and swinging the doors in front, and then with outstretched arms and those maniac eyeB she implored me—standing there at the foot of my bed—to pity and forbear. Why did the demon tempt me to the crime ? With one fell spring I rushed at her, and with an awful cry she fled from the room, and back to her own den she ran, with me, like the Fiend of Vengeance, at her heelBl From her own room downstairs again till in the adjoining room with awful shriekBthe while the crime was done. I buried her. From that day to this I have never had one moment's peace. As the cloister bell tolls out the hour of 3, on the anniversary of my crime, her shadow visits me. I hear the latches lift, and the doors swing on their hingeB, hard with rust, and then the chase begins again, and amid awful shrieks I seem to morder her! If revenge is all she seeks God knows she has been revenged. The first anniversary of that dreadful night my second wiie died in her bed—the doctors said of heart disease. But I know better. She had Been and beard the ghost, but never lived to tell the tale, Christmas Eve has come again, and if It comes to-night—It. It, the horrible phantom which tortures my life into a daily death—It may claim me for Its own, for I will live no more. Death can come but once, and I will summon the Angel of the Last Trump to my aid this very night." For some time after reading this harrowing confession I whb unable to lift my eyes from the tear-stained page. Pity for the fate of the unhappy lady whose love had been so wofully abused was the uppermost feeling in my breast. One thing struck me in particu lar, namely, that the description of the mid night chase rxactlv tallied with the construc tion of the doors leading from the tower, all of which, as I had noticed during my stolen visit in the morning, as alBO my own and my aunt's door, were fitted with heavy latches and swung in the same direction. 1 had carefully locked them all at the conclusion of my inspection that morning, and they were presumably locked now, but the staircase was so horribly dark that I did not venture to go and see. It was now nearly 1 o'clock in the morning, and I could not resisttapping at my aunt's door. The noise, light though it was, immediately woke her, and hearing my voice she bade me come in. I then told her that I had discovered the dreadful secret, that I had found the papers in a drawer in the old chest, and that I could not resist tapping at her door to see if she were awake, I "I am almost as curious as yourself," she J said, "and for fear of waking Nellie, who was fast asleep in the inner room, you shall sit on the old chest and read me the story aloud." This I accordingly proceeded to do, and my aunt Boon knew as much about the affair as I did myself. My aunt—whose kind, pleasant voice and silvery hair I remember now, and shall never forget—was naturally very much moved by what she heard, although she would not let me see that she felt any alarm. The man, she said, must evidently have been haunted by his own con science, and met a dreadful though a fitting end. The crime seems to have been com mitted not on Christinas Eve, but at 3 o'clock in the morning of Christmas Day, a very unusual time for a ghost to walk about. After advising me to put the papers and the clothes back in the box, and to re place it in its former position and go to sleep, my aunt left the room, giving me a kiss—tne last one, though I little thought it, which the dear soul was to give me on earth—before she went. I obeyed her directions, _ replaced everything, so far as I could, in its former position, got into bed, and, tired out with the excitement of the day, was soon fast asleep. When the bodily frame is thoroughly ex hausted—and mine certainly was on that never-to-be-forgotten night—sleep is generally so profound that in one hour as much rest is obtained as on ordinary occasions would scarcely be obtained in half a dozen. When the bell from the neighbouring monastery tolled out, with slow and solemn sounds, the hour of 3, I accordingly woke, and felt as if I had already slept an age. At first my scattered senses vainly endea voured to recall what had occurred. I heard, however, a slow tread on the stairs above, and then the latch lifted, the topmost door swinging on its hinge, and the step descended with measured tread to the door beneath. At once I remembered all, but for a moment imagined it must be my aunt, who, impelled by her curiosity, was examining the place herself. But the thought that the doors were locked and the keys safely lodged with the housekeeper dispelled this idea almost as soon as entertained. In the meantime the step was still descending, and in a moment would be at my door. The gale was still furiously raging outside, and the noise of the elements alone was almost enough to distract the boldeBt. I buried my head in the clothes in a fright as I heard the step approach the threshold, the lifting of the latch, and the swinging in of my bedroom door. For one second I looked, and there at the foot of my bed stood a form looking exactly as described by the blood-hauntea murderer, a Bingle ray from the moon shedding a pale but distinct light upon the thin outstretched hands, Bhaking visibly as if imploring for the mercy that was never granted, and upon the long garment of white. The sight would have unnerved a stronger man than I, and for a moment I lay almost senseless on the bed. Then occurred the most horrible sounds I had ever heard. First the room was filled with unearthly noises, as of dis embodied spirits writhing in agony and pain; then followed a rush as of two up the narrow Btairs, a return down the narrow staircase (this time the steps of two being plainly apparent); then the lifting of my aunts latch, the swinging of the door, ana finally two piercing human shrieks, when all was silent as before. What followed then I cannot tell, for I fell unconscious on the bed, and for three long days and nights they said I could not speak ana hardly seemed to breathe. When I regained consciousness I found myself in my own bed, far away from the seashore, and hi my old home. Won deringly I enquired how I came there, and noticed then that all were dressed in black. Four nights ago, on Christmas Eve, they said—at the mention of that fatal date 1 remembered all—the secret drawer, the con fessions of the awful crime, the mystery of the stairs, and the unearthly sounds and shrieks. " Where is my aunt?" I asked, with bated breath, as the thought flashed upon me that it was in her room that the dreadful sounds had ceased. My aunt," they replied, " was dead of heart disease." On hearing the frightful shriekB they sought her room, and found her with her face upturned, as rigid as a corpse, and her favourite cat beside her, both dead. The Manor Bonse was left at once, the body being conveyed to the family vault for burial, and I being taken home The Manor House was thuB again to let. THE EPILOGUE. Ten years afterwards, one Christmas eve, I happened to be passing by the same old spot, end my curiosity naturally incited me to visit the Manor House. Not a vestige of it, however, was to be seen; only a blank space, burned as by fire. 1 stood looking at it for some time in astonishment, till the occupant of a cottage close by, observing my curiosity, informed me that nine years ago that very night the house had been found in flames anol burned to the ground, and that as no one would ever buy the ground, which was con sidered unholy, it remained an open waste. T next went to the little public-house in town, thinking perhaps I might catch a glance of Nancy; _ but Nancy and her mother had long since left, and in their stead was a face I remembered well, though ten years of trouble had so changed mine that she did not recognise me, and I took care not to tell who I was. It was the pious old housekeeper at the Manor House. 1 sat again in the armchair in the cozy little parlour, and called for grog as of yore. The night was wet and cola, the wind was blow ing in strong though fitful guBts, and I could almost fancy it was the same evening so many years ago. Just before 10 o'clock, when the bouse was being closed, I beard a singular noise on the stairs, which recalled once more with startling vividness that dreadful night. A. latch was lifted, an upper door swung on its hinge, and a slow step descended. It approached the very door beside which I was sitting; that, too, swung on its hinge, and Black Gorgon, the same great cat as of old, bounded into-the room, hanging on to the latch, which it had been cleverly taught to open of itself, and stood before me on its hind legs, and, dog-like, shook its white paws as if begging for bread. I regarded the land lady in astonishment. " Yon may well be surprised," said that apparently pious wretch. " 1 taught it that trick when it was a kitten, and if it could speak it could tell many a strange tale. Ten years ago this very night" I waited to hear no more, but rushed out into the darkness and the rain. The mystery was explained. The ghost which had killed my sainted aunt and nearly frightened the liie out of me was this wretched cat taught by thiB woman, and the unearthly noiseB in my room and the scampering up and down stairs &b; of two was the fight between the Gorgon and the tab. The human shrieks, alas! had been my aunt's. 