MISSIONARY WORK IN NEW GUINEA. .A largo and enthusiastic meeting was held at the Independent Churoh, Melbourne, on Mon day-evening, under the auspices of :th"et Geo graphical Society of Australia and the London missionary aociecy, lor tne purpose or welcom ing tlie Rev. W. G. Lawes, a resident for ten yeara in New Guinea; and Mr J; F.- Manny /o/£; the London Geographical Sooiety, who lias jritf returned from the islands of the Pacific. His Excellency Sir Henry B. Looh dc'o'upied the chair, aud was surrounded by the leading . members of both societies. v His Excellency explained the object of tho meotiug, which, he said, was to cordially wel-. come the Rev. W. G. Lawes arid Mr Mann, the former of whom had done so much, in com pany with his courageous wife, to Christianise the natives of New Guinea. (Cheers.)'-"Tt/was a great source' of pleasure to him to preside on such an occasion, and to convey not-only bis own, but the public respect for. tlie great and courageous labours of Mr aud Mrs Lawes.. in New , Guinea and several of the islands of -the New Britain group. with loud and continuous applause, said he had not words to sufficiently expross his tiianks for the overwhelming kindness with whioh thoy liad received biin that night.. He thanked His Ex-; cellency and Lady Loch for their presence. In 1874 Mrs Lawes and himself arrived , at Port Moresby. They got thore on a .Saturday, arid on the Sunday week thoy were living in a house there. The house was built by the sailors of Ihe John Williams in five days. That bouse that Jack built still stood about 300 yards. tho village. The littlo house was pretty. 'well; filled with all their belongings, for they found" that anything left outside quickly disappeared., Mr Mann had told them he was 110 match jpr: the light-fingered gentry of New Guinea. The natives hung about the place, and were rathep, troublesome, and they found that when /they once got into the house they could not bo got out, especially if there happened to Be any din ner about. Ho had heard strange stories of !Npw Guinea as a land flowing with milk and horisyi and peopled with savage oannibals, but they did not taste either of tho former, and wore not mado to grace tho sideboard of any cannibal chief. Yet thoy arrived at a very hungry' time. Tbe people wore a miserably poor crowd, and the country socmed as poor as thomsolvoa. Thp. noblo savage of the poet arid tho novqliat /lvas oonBpiouous by his absonco. (Laughter.) In fact, after twenty-three years' experience, rba- was inclined to be scopticnl of that savagots oxistenoe. They and their houses wero, of course, groat ouriositios. The pictures especially- wero a never-failing Bourco :of wonder. Ho, bad ono largo pioturo of the Queen; for thoy liad tnod; , to bo loyal and make tho pe'oplo familiar wim- the Quoon — (applause) — and one of the chief! .spokesmen of tho tribe, told his people that in . the ovoning, when all was quiet., Her. 'MajeSty;' !camo out of the fraino arid talked with thetn., Thoro was liiuoh ignorance and trpuhle to ,cpiK tond against. They wore aooused- of causing' 1 epidemics, rauirig ghosts,' and robbing .gcrdqns.; 1 Thoro was no law or order thore', arid Vice /naturally was not, disgraceful ; tho thief was not 'ashamed of his calling, and men had conimittea /and boasted of murders that would halve filled ' this colony/ with horror arid-indignation! 'They ! soon .found tkhatPort Moresby was an imporisd" 'place. -NoVor'A week passed without some /visi tors, and thoro was no place within the limit of thg fipir jptotgetogatg at jybigh cguld be fouud suoli valuable' anchorage as Port Moresby. As to the condition of the natives, they found 011, tho ooast races of natives as light as sorno of tho' Blaories, but muoli below them In physique. Now Guinea must not bo thought of as a nation: or ft compact whole. A village of 2,000 people wfts inNow Guinea a groat city. No moution could bo inndo of tho men working in Now.' Guinoft without inoluding tho South Soa Island1 teachers, who had been the real pioneers of Christianity- (Applauso.) Tho fathers of many of thein woro subjects as low and degraded as; tlio peoplo of New Guinoa thoinsolvos. Ono of tlio finest of thoir number was a toachor at Port Moresby, named Ruotoku, who had boon there olovon years, and had proved himself a friend of botii whito mnn and native. Sovon years ago, whon a good many whito mon wont there in1 eearob for gold, that teacher Baved many of their lives when thoy woro attacked by siokuess. Those wild men of Now Guinoa learnt to respect! the missionaries and tlio nativo toachers, and; although thoy woro not all of the samo stamp as Rnotoko, they all had tho same spirit. Tho missionary station oousistod of Mr Chalmers, Mrs Lawes, and himself, twenty-eight South Sea Island missionary teaoliors, and nine Now Guineans, who had boon so far advanced in tho work that thoy woro now arduously ongaged preaching tho gospel to tho peoplo of their own country. Tlio missionaries did not wear long; black coats in New Guinea, as they did when- thoy visited Melbourne or Sydney, nor did they preach long Bormons nor teach auy particular doctrine of any kind, but simply taught the- gospel puro aud simple, so that it oould bo! readily understood. The moat hopeful sources- of instruction were to bo found in the schools, ' which were well attended, but it was a peculiarity of tho people that they considered thoy conforred a personal favour upon the' teachers by attouding tho schools. Some of the! i«nn wfli-fl now nrlnnf.R in flm nan nf onnnn»in..ni -f— — »»» "l tools, and could do ordinary jobs very well. The missionaries had tried to teach healthy Chris tianity, a Gospel of joy, not of gloom and sad ness, and ill a general way they woro succeeding i vory well, but it was not for liirn to speak of tbo results. TI10 natives of Port Moresby were! formerly tho terror of tho neighbourhood as mur- : derors, cannibalB, thieves, and often worse, but- all that had been changed during the last ten or twelve years, although visitors to the port had! still to look to their pookota. Mr Chalmers liad; travelled nearly all over the island, and Mrs! Lawes had tho credit of being the first white lady who ovor penotrated into the country. Great oredit was duo to the journalistic enter prise of Victoria in connection with the explora tion of Now Guinea. Now that New Guinea had entered upon a new era uiider good auspices, lie was hopeful of great and good re sults. The British protectorate had been es tablished over the southom coast, but i10 re gretted that the Union Jack had not been un- fnrlod on both sides of the island. (Prolonged .cheers.) Still, at tho same timo, thoy should not forget that Germany was a nation of justice and truth. The protectorate recently placed ovor a portion of the island was chiefly — nay, solely—owing to Australian influence. Now they had' got it, what where they going to do ; with it ? Thoy must remember how the natives of Australia were dealt by. He asked the men and women of tho colony to accept the natives; of New Guinoa as fellow subjeots and fellow men. Let them not bo spoken of as niggers and blackfellows, but shake hands with them! across tho straits. A great nation oould afford- to be not only liberal, but generous, and New Guinea sat at Australia's feet, and asked for that, which had made her great, rich, and honour- ' able and happy. She asked for bread, and1 would tliey give her a stone ? Science and com- ! merce would be represented there, and would; not they see Christianity ? When he left Com-1 modore Erskine gave one of the chief's a Union! Jaok, with the representation of a bird of Para-! dise — a happy conjunction. Could not they; form such a union, and let them so float together,', and then, and not till then, would it be pro-! tooted with peace and with honour. (Loud ap plause.) 