THE SECRET OF FREEMASONRY. A KEY OF MODERN HISTORY. (Concluded.) BY F. HUGH O'DONNELL, M.P. FOSTERED in this manner by the spirit and circumstances of the time, Masonry became more and more carefnlly organised, and, though party politics probably occupied the brethren as much as any other objects, the improvement of its organisation and the elaboration of its ritual materally facilitated its subsequent propaganda of social and religious revolution on the continent. The contingent had exported to England the broad idea and loose framework of the Socinian scheme. The practical bent of England sent back to the continent carefully compacted and skilfully fashioned organisations calculated to force their way, and hold their ground, and extend their operation among the careless and unsuspicious nations of continental Christendom. The author of the work " Orthodox Masonry," Ragon, himself a Mason of high authority, gives the following list of continental lodges, each the parent of innumerable others, which were established under what he not unjustly calls " the active and intelligent direction of the Grand Lodge of England" :— . In France—At Dunkirk in 1721; at Paris in 1725; at Valenciennes in 1733. In Germany—At Hamburg in 1737; and the Grand Lodge of Hamburg soon rose to enormous power and extension. In Spain—At Gibraltar in 1726, just a year subsequent to the first lodge m France; and at Madrid in the year 1727, and for half a century, down to 1779, the lodge or torre of Madrid regularly received its documents and powers from the Grand Lodge of England. In Portugal—About the year 1735 several lodges were founded both at Lisbon and in the Portuguese provinces by the Grand Lodge of England. In Italy—In the year 1739, Savoy, Piedmont, and Sardinia received a Provincial Grand Master, nominated by the English Grand Lodges. Little more than a century later the English Arch- Mason Palmerston was able to use the same Savoy, Piedmont, and Sardinia for the accomplishment of the cherished designs of Masonry against the Rome of the Popes. Such were the opening ramifications of the great secret society established to set up a New Temple against the edifice of Catholic faith and civilisation. The wreck of society with which the eighteenth century is filled was everywhere mainly the work of the affiliates of the destroying conspiracy. There might be maladministration, there might be distress, there might be decadence; but there still might have been reform, and there never could have been revolution of the terrorist and satanic kind, if every worst element had not been worsened, and every bitter influence remorsely opposed and incapacitated, and every effort at genuine reform skilfully prevented and frustrated by the untiring plots and unscrupulous vigilance of the cosmopolitan conspiracy. What caused the concessions of the gentle and generous Louis XVI. to end in despair and death ? What hounded on the passions of the mob against prelate and priest and noble, who were anxious to make every sacrifice for reform ? What rewarded the honest desire of the vast majority of the State- Generals themselves, with nothing but betrayal and the gory axe of the guillotine ? I call a witness, an unimpeachable witness, the ultra-republican and freethinking historian of the French Revolution, Louis Blanc. Here is what Louis Blanc, in his "Histoire de la Revolution Francaise," confesses and boasts to have been the decisive and supreme preponderance of the Masonic organisation in the revolutionary catastrophe :— It is necessary to introduce the reader into the mine which was then being dug under thrones as well as altars by a band of revolutionists far more deep, and active than the encyclopedists themselves; revolutionists organised in an association composed of men of all countries, of all religions, of all ranks, bound together by symbolical signs, engaged under the penalty of an oath to guard inviolably the secret of their inner existence, holding themselves to be equal though divided into three classes—Apprentioes, Companions, and Masters—for that is what Freemasonry is. On the eve of the French Revolution Freemasonry had acquired an enormous development. It was spread throughout the whole of Europe. It aided the meditative genius of Germany. It obscurely agitated France. It presented everywhere the image of a society founded upon principles contrary to those of the civil society. What a terrible confession ! What a tremendous revelation ! It was Masonry that " dug the mine under altars and thrones." It was Masonry that predated for the imitation of its dupes and instruments "the image of a sooiety fonnded upon principles contrary to those of the civil society." And yet there are sapient Catholics who believe that the awful work of terrorism and destruction which ravaged the civilisation of Europe a hundred years ago had no suggesters, had no inciters, and no agitators, and that the efforts of honest reformers only failed through some accidental fatality or chanoe misfortune. The men who were " digging the mine under thrones and altars" throughout Europe kept their secret well enough for their infernal purpose. But the secret is no longer undiscoverable and undiscovered; and we know that the successors of the oath-bound " miners of 1789 are still sapping and mining Christian altars in 1884. . On the eve of the French Revolution in 1782 the Masonic Lodge of " Candour' at Paris claimed in its encyclical letter of the 31st of May of that year that there were a million of sworn Masons in France alone. 4\. THE FINAL DEVELOPMENT. VOLTAIRE AND WELSHAUPT. THE CONVENTION OF WILHELMSBAD AND THE CONVEN- TION OF THE GAULS. In sketching the transitional period of Masonry in the last chapter, I have been obliged to touch on matters which overlap, strictly speaking, the proper subjects of the chapter. Conversely, I am obliged to go baok in dealing with Voltaire upon a time which falls within the last period. This difficulty arises from the essential nature of a time of transition. In the eighteenth century, especially, the practical work of founding lodges, to which the Grand Lodge of England devoted itself, went to a considerable extent side by side with the speculative advances of daring theorists and rationalists, who, each after his disposition, set himself to developing and cultivating what he had received from his English exemplars. The old Socinian slip which had been set in English soil had taken root and stretohed out powerful branches and long tendrils to the continent back again, and continental cultivators in turn undertook to train and foster with added skill the increasing and vigorous growth. Voltaire died in 1778. His career of satanic sarcasm lasted for half a century. By his own repeated avowals, by the admission of his admirers, it was during his residence of three years—in 1726,1727,and 1728—in England, that he became a Past-Master in the anti-Christian Philosophy of which he was to be so mighty and unscrupulous an exponent. In the society of Bolingbroke, the Deist, and Toland, the Atheist, Voltaire learned with avidity the precepts of showy scepticism and sneering infidelity which he was afterwards to pour like a deluge over literary France. There scarcely ever was a society intellectually and mor- ally more depraved than existed in some regions of English life in the days when Sir Robert Walpole kept a market for votes at Whitehall, and when the religious and social corruption kept the political corruption well in countenance. Hanoverian grossness had adapted to itself whatever was worst in the licence of the Restoration, and had debased and bestialised it. But let me quote what Godefroy, in his great "Histoire de la Literature Francaise,"—a work crowned by the French Academy—says of Voltaire's connection with the English infidels. And here I would, in passing, recommend to every Irish student of the higher letters not to remain longer than can be helped without procuring the ten masterly volumes of Godefroy's "French Literary History":— The talent of Voltaire as a prose writer had hardly been suspected when he published, in 1731, " The Letters on the English," more commonly known as " The Philosophical Letters.' " It was after his return from Eng- land, where he had passed three years in the company of the Freethinkers. The "Philosophical Letters" had the double object of popularising in France the opinions and the reputation of the English infidels. They were accordingly denounoed by the clergy, and a decree of the Parliament of Paris, of the 10th of June, 1734, condemned them to be burned by the common executioner as contrary to religion, morals, and the respect due to legitimate authority. . . All the letters insinuate an epicurean deism, and exalt the superiority of England in religion, philosophy, law, war, art, and commerce. It was the fitting prelude and opening of a career henceforth devoted to one prolonged attack, varied with inexhaustible inventiveness against the Catholic Church. Ecrasons l'infame— Let Us Crush the Infamous Thing—was the perpetual exhortation of Voltaire to his correspondents and allies to destroy the Catholic Church. If the reader will look back to a preceding chapter he will see that English Masonry had only been introdued into France ten years previous to Voltaire's importation of English sceptical philosophy. Under Voltaire and around Voltaire laboured with furious zeal the entire array of conspirators whose grand work, in the century forerunning the elevation of a prositute Goddess of Reason on the altar of Notre Dame, was the destruction of the vast Jesuit missions, not only in Europe, but in America, in Asia, in Africa, in the pagan isles of the ocean. The man who still wants to know why the Italian Masonic organs and leaders demand with such relentless hatred the spoliation of the Propaganda in our own day would be amply edified on the subject of his artless curiosity by simply turning back to the eighteenth century record of the mission churches left without a ministering priest, of the mission schools left without a teacher, of the native races thrown back upon the aboriginal heathenism, while thousands and thousands of the servants of God, loaded with chains, fainting with starvation, were cast to rot in the dungeons of Pombal and D'Aranda amid the frantic exultation of all the Voltairians and all the Brethren of the Mystic Tie. While Voltairianism was soddening and sapping the society of France, and while the Masonic lodges—burrowing in the edifices of the State like the toredo in the timbers of the stout ship it will gradually bring to the bottom—were spreading in every direction, a great organising genius of evil had arisen in Germany. This was Adam Weishaupt, a Bavarian, who, from meditating upon the spread of Masonry around him, conceived the daring project of making himself master of its organisation by indoctrinating it with his pantheist philosophy, and subjecting it to his avowed deciples. For years Weishaupt pursued this end. He first established the secret society of the Illuminists, or Illuminati, signifying men who were enlightened by a higher knowledge then the vulgar herd, and gradually insinuated his influence among the lodges. He early divined that Masonry was ripe for its final development. A powerful section of the French Masons, in the so-called Convention of the Gauls, held at Lyons, encouraged him by the practical adoption of his views. Lutheranism has denied the authority of the Church. Socinianism, which Is the offspring of Lutheranism, had denied the Divinity of Christ, and Socinian Masonry had carried the denial into practical politics, which, while maintaining a vague deism, implied the equal value of all creeds. Weishaupt drew the legitimate deduction that " as all creeds were equally true, they must be all equally false, and the Secret of the higher knowledge which he communicated to his Illuminati, and which his adepts conveyed under the veil of fantastic rights, and under penalty of horrid imprecations to selected organs in the regular lodges, was— "Religion is superstition. There is no God. Nature is God, and reason is Nature's only priest. Men are the divine and equal children of Nature. All means are good to destroy superstition." Thousands had arrived at the same conclusion. All the disciples of all the Freethinkers had prepared the way. Mirabeau became its apostle in France. The idea spread like wildfire, now that an organising mind had arisen. The official convocation of the Duke of Brunswick, a high and venerable Mason, and the secret influence of the Illuminist Chief, gathered together at Wilhelmsbad in 1781—three years after the death of Voltaire—a vast convention of Masonic delegates from all parts of the world, and the New Non-Credo received the enthusiastic sanction of all the worshippers of the goddess of Reason and the Infinite Potentiality of Matter. The men of theory crowned the work at Wilhelmsbad. It passed into the hands of the men of action, when the sickle of the guillotine reaped its red harvest on the Place of the Revolution; and when the possessions of the Church were seized by the French Republic; and again when the lying Liberalism of Spain and Portugal confiscated the property of a thousand convents ; and again when the Mazzinians drove Pius the Ninth to Gaeta; and when Palmerston and Cavour let loose the Garibaldians on the march to the Porta Pia; and when the Gambettist Jacobins, all sworn Masons, expelled the religious orders and decreed a law of Atheistic Education for the Catholics of France. 5\. " GLORY TO SATAN." To explain with any approaoh to completeness the part played by the great Freemasons during the past 60 years alone in executing the policy of the oathbound order would be utterly beyond even the most generous limits of a newspaper's hospitality. The activity of any one of them, Mazzini or Proudhon for example, would be found to be inextricably involved with half the events of half of continental Europe for generations. Who, without examination, would suspect the preponderating influence of Proudhon, the Socialist philosopher, in directing the policy of the lodges? Yet the Monde Maconique, the journal which shares with the Chaine D'Union the official representation of French Masonry in the Press, in an article in December, 1881, declared that Proudhon's initiation in 1847 forms an epoch in the development of Masonry. "It was, above all, to his friends and disciples that Masonry owes the import ance which marked its existence during the second period of the empire. Masonry has not forgotten Proudhon, for the life and work of Proudhon were in unison with the aspirations of Masonry." But it was Proudhon's mission. He avows himself "to deliver men from the ideas of the immortality of the soul and a Supreme Being, and to teach them that the idea of God was not only foreign to morality, but hurtful to morality." I could cite columns from the authorised publications of con- tinental Masonry. I could show by innumerable extracts from the minutes of lodges and grand lodges how the Masonic temple models itself like a real anti-church and opposes anti-rites anti- ministrations, even a blasphemous anti- sacrament to the rites, the orders, and the sacraments of the Catholic Church. I could quote the record of Masonic Baptisms where the ministrating Grand Venerable proclaims over the innooent and helpless infant, "we do not baptise thee in the name of the Father and the Son and the Holy Ghost." I could quote Masonic Marriages where the nuptial pair make solemn promise to renounce the confessional and the superstition of Catholic religion" amid the applauding beat of Masonic mallets and the triumphant flourish of Masonic swords. I could quote the horrid preparation for the grave by which the brethren vow neither them, selves to seek the priest at the last hour "nor to permit"—utter and unspeakabe infamy of Satanic intolerence—a dying and penitent brother to return to God on the brink of eternity. The Secret of Masonry ! Who cares for the trumpery pantomime of secrecy enacted in the lodges of inferior grades and useful dupes? Theirs is not the secret of the great arch-brethren who sap and mine the altars of Europe, and its thrones as well, when they do not find it expedient to skulk behind a show of temporal loyalty for the better prosecution of their anti-Christian designs. The Secret of Masonry ! It is the secret of Faustus Socinus. It is the secret of Adam Weishaupt. It is the secret of Guiseppe Mazzini. It is the secret and the policy to have done with the Christian civilisation, and to erect the new temple on the ruins of the ancient church. Here is an extract from the minute of the lecture of "Brother Gaston" at the meeting of the Grand Lodge of the so-called Scottish Rite of Paris oaths 21st of December, 1882 :— " Meeting of 21st December. Brother Gaston, member of the lodge, delivered a most interesting lecture on the subject, ' God in the presence of Science.' . . . Space prevents us entering into details. The applause of the meeting frequently emphasised the words of the lecturer. . . . Brother Gaston intends In a few days to publish a work entitled 'God, He is the Enemy,' in which will be set forth the views he oould only summarise in a lecture." It is the worshipful Brother Damonchel who thus reports the proceedings In the January number of the Bulletin Maconique of the Grande Lodge Symbolique Ecossaise for the year 1882. In the same year, 1882, a great assembly of Italian Freemasons in the theatre of Turin chanted together the fearful impiety of Josue Carducci's infernal Hymn to the Spirit of Evil :— " Behold him as he passes, ye peoples. Behold Satan the Great. Beneficent he passes on his chariot of flame. . . Hosannah, O Satan, hosannah, Great Rebel May our prayers, may our incense, mount consecrated to thee. Thou hast conquered the Jehovah of priests." And this is the secret of Freemasonry. And this is why Pope Leo XIII, renew ing censures and of amplifying his predecessors the Clement XII Benedict XIV., Pius VIL.,Leo XII, Pius VIII., Gregory XV, and Pius I citing and adopting Saint Augustin celebrated Image of the city of Satan which opposes the City of God, has solemnly declared that modern Free masonry is the City of Satan. In the words of the Pontiff- "The ultimate purposes of the Masonic sect Is the utter overthrow of that whole religious and political order of the world which the Christian teacher has produced, and the substitution of a new state of things in accordance with their ideas, of which the foundations and laws shall be drawn from mere naturalism." And this is why, « There are many things like mysteries which it is the fixed wte Wm extreme care, not ^ ^ fsaoh M from very Tnany w ^ ^ ^ensmtheir secret and final dM^ t .nd of the chief leaders, and v^fyji** inner meeting., f j ^ ^ ^ g l ^ and the ways and sn««» of % out. This no ^ ' J ttorttnteiV • it „Mce, and privilege—of the rek A S o » of orders andgrades.and ^i^ZtditaplinewMchit maintained. *"e generally commanded 5 5 S HhTwm to any pernfttany time or in my way, make Z 'Jn the members, the passes, or Se Mbieoto discussed. Thus, with a fraudulent external appearance and with simulation which is always the the" Freemasons, like the Mani- chees of old, strive, as far as possible, to conceal themselves, and to admit no witnesses but their own members." What an authoritative commentary upon that saying of Benjamin Disraeli— who probably knew many things through the cosmopolitan fraternity of the Jews —"There are only two Powers in Europe to-day the Church and the Secret Societies." 