BERNA BOYLE. BY MRS. J. H. RIDDELL. Author of "George Geith," The Senior Partner," £c. CHAPTER XII. Carrying a bouquet of hothouse flowers in one hand and a fancy basket tilled with autnmn fruit in the other, Mrs. Boyle entered the only sitting-room Clear Stream Cottage boasted, where Berna sat sewing diligently. At sight ot her mother the girl rose, and, placing both bouquet and basket on the table, would have assisted to remove shawl and bonnet, but that Mrs. Boyle waved her impatiently back. " Can't you let me alone ?" she enquired. " Don't you see I've hardly a leg left to stand on ? I must rest myself before I take off my things. It is a drag from • that railway station. If ever there was an out-of- theway place, it's this. Richard Vinee needn't have been afraid of meeting me in Belfast often when it's a day's journey to the train from here before a body has walked a step in the town. I'm just tit to drojoff my feet, having to carry such a burden ail along that dusty road, and hold my dress up into the bargain." " I am so sorry ! If I had only known which train you were likely to come by I would have m"t you, mamma," said Berna. " Yes ; and it was so likely a thing I'd know the train I could come by," answered Mrs. Boyle with a pettish impatience by which her daughter knew too well things had not been going quite to her mind. "If you'd been like any other girl I needn't have gone by myself or travelled back by myself ; but it's well seen who you take after—not me, I'm very sure. It's no wonder the Pirns think little of me when my own child won't visit my friends." " They have given you some beautiful flowers," remarked Berna, bending over the bunch and touching the buds tenderly. " That's only to show that they have got such things, and to break my heart thinking of what good fortune falls to other people and nothing but ill-luck to meThough they have their carriages and their horses, they couldn't offer to drive me home; and not a word about my stopping for dinner and stay over the night, as I inade up my mind to do, if for nothing but to oblige them. It's a hard world, Berna; and, maybe, you're just as wise to keep out of it. Mr. Pirn did let di op a word hoping you would go to a dance there; but I threw cold water on the notion. I said, if you didn't go to my own cousin's at Graigvallen, it wasn't over and above likely ou'd go to them. I know that cut Mrs. ?'irn, for she'd give anything if she could only get asked to Richard's." Berna made no comment; she only moved back to her seat.and would have resumed her work if Mrs. Boyle had not interposed— " What are you sewing now ? Can't you leave off for even a minute, when you know how it tries me to see you stitch—stitch— stitching, as if you had to earn your bread by your needle? I can't talk a :bit while you keep on with that seam, and my heart just bursting with vexation. They've set up a butler and footman, if you please} and everything is as genteel and precise as if they were lords and ladies. It's enough to make anybody laugh ! Many's the time I've seen Mrs. Pirn's old a^nt hanging out the clothes—and a beautiful colour she kept them, I'll say that for her. Poor old girl! it would put the surprise on her if she could come back and see the house, fit for any nobleman, her nieGe has got into now." " Had I not better put those flowers into water ?" suggested Berna. "The — flowers—can—wait," said Mrs. Boyle, with a drawling intonation peculiarly aggravating, " considering the time they have been on the road here, and the heat of my hand, a few minutes more can't hui't them; and, indeed, I was in two minds to throw the things away as I came along, I felt so angler when I thought of the distant way the Pirns treated me. Mrs. Pirn told me the best story, though, I've heard this many a day, and all about Mrs. Vince. Ah J it's r.o wonder she tries to be civil to me, considering she owes everything she has in the w orid to my own cousin. Irs a poor way she'd li we been in this day if it hadn't been for Richard Vince." " I think Mr. Vince was very fortunate to meet with so nice a wife." " I'm not so sure of that; by what I understand, he m'ght have had the pick of the North of Inland. It's wonderfully gratifying to hear how much he is respected, and the heaps of money he has got, and the grand people he knows, and you may be very sure I didn't open my mouth and tell Mrs. Pirn he wouldn't look at the side of the street I was on if he could help it.- I made her think they were fairly crazy to get us to Craigvalleu, and that it was only our pride wouldn't let us go there constantly. For the second time Berna took up her work, butj remembering her "mother's objection, laid it down again. " What was I wanting to tell you ? What was I saying ? You've put it clean out of my head. What in the world could it be ?" " Something ahout Mrs. Vinoe." "To be sure; how could I forget? You would never guess the way she got to be mistress of Craigvallen." " No; I cannot guess," said Berna. " Well, it's just a proof of the things people will do for money—and people that have held their heads high enough, too. Why, in the County Antrim there wasn't a family thought more of themselves than the Carpenters of Cherryfield. There were not wanting those that said the first of the name had risen from low enough; but every family must have a beginning, as it mostly has an end, and the Carpenters were grand enough when I first remember them, 1 can tell you that." " One has only to hear Mrs. Vince speak to be sure of that," agreed Berna. " Sure of it ? Yes, you might be sure of it if you'd never set eyes on Mrs. Vince. I'm not in the habit of telling you anything but what's sacred truth, and after living all my life in the best of society I wouldn't need an ignorant slip of a girl like you to instruct me in speaking," "I never thought of doing anything of the kind," said the " ignorant slip," appalled. "See you don't, then. I never was one that had much liking for being hidden, and I am not going to begin now. Well, as I was remarking, in all our part of the country the Carpenters were allowed to be the grandest people out. There was nothing they stood still for — carriages and dress, and governesses, and masters, and servants, and I couldn't tell you what alL Many's the time when I was a young child, about three years old, I have seen Miss Marcella—that's Mrs. Vince, you know—galloping past my father's house on her pony with her sisters—they were older than her, you understand. She used to wear a bice habit and a cap, like a boy's, and you'd . have heard them all laughing as they went tearing across the ommons like mad things. I Wonder if Richard ever thinks now of how they used to splash him as they rode by. I have heard him swear against them awful, though you would think, to look at him, a bad word had never passed his lips." "And how did they lose their money!" asked Berna, who, while conversing with her mother, was always searching about for six inches of safe ground to stand upon, and always somehow slipping into water. " How did they lose it? I declare you're enough to drive anybody mad. If I've told you once I've told you a hundred times the way Theophilus Carpenter squandered his substance. He bet on races ; he would go to London and lose as much over a game of cards in one night as would have kept a moderate family for a year. He had his hunters and his hacks, and the house full of extravagant conipany, and wine such as my father often said the King needn't have been ashamed to set before his Lords, temporal and spiritual; and if ever anybody ought to have known about spirits it was my father—he rarely went to bed a night of his life sober." K Mrs. Boyle paused a moment in ecstatic contemplation of her parent's virtues ere she resumed. " The extravagance of that house, he used to say, might have made a bald man's hair stand on end. And so things went on and on and on, till at last there came a crash. It was one night when they were playing cards, a private note came to Mr. Carpenter, and he asked some gentleman to take his hand for him while he sent an answer. Well, my dear, nobody in that room ever set eyes on him again. What does be do but start away without even a change of linen, and get himself clean off to France. He never came back. In a minute the whole of the glory of Cherryfield was snuffed out like the wick of a candle. The bailiffs went into the house, and the family left it. For a while Mrs. Carpenter and her daughters lived among their friends, but they soon tired them out. One girl was glad enough to marry a poor curate she had turned up her nose at when she could look at nothing lower than marquises and baronets; another was taken out to India by some great lady they had influence with; a third died. I don t know what was done for the sons, but they were draughted off abroad; and so, to cut a long story short, at last they all dwindled down to this Marcella, who stopped with her mother on a trifle of money that was scraped some way together out of the estate. "Well, mamma?" enquired Berna really interested in a story which possessed some family features in common with her own. " Well!— what do you -rr.T iiKe mean y by dare well? I never heard anybody like you. r- I dare say Marcella parceUa thought thought it it ill ill enough enough when when the the old lady died, and she was left with little more old than the clotheB she stood up in." " It was very hard," murmured Berna. " I make no doubt she thought so ; but it wasn't any harder for her than it has been since for other people. Remembering her own troubles, anybody might have concluded she'd have had some feeling for mine. It seems she tried and tried to get something to do. Mrs. Pirn did .Bay she heard she went as a nursery governess, but she couldn't be just sure ; and she might have gone out as nurse nextif she had not bethought her of my cousin Richard. One fine morning she knocks at his door, and asks to see him. You may be sure she had put on her best manners as well as her best gown. He was at his breakfast,, and, not to seem hi«h, he told the servant to show her in; and as he couldn't just forget, low as she had come down, that he •was talking to Miss Carpenter, once upon a time of Chtrryfield, he made her take a chair, and poured her out some tea, and made as much of her as though she was Queen of Great Britain and Ireland. At last the mischief was revealed. She wanted a situation as housekeeper ; could he tell her of any one needing such a thing, and would he recommend her? 13e thought awhile, and said, * Yes, if she wished, he would try to forward her views ; but,' he went on, ' I think you might do better.' " ' In what way?" she asked, as if she hadn't a notion of his meaning. " Why, come and keep house for me," he made answer. And then in so many words he said would she be his wife. And the upshot , of the matter was that three 3 montlis after they were married, and all the country- : side was at the wedding ; and who so grand and affable as Mrs. Richard Vince, and ho so proud as the man who had let himself be caught so nicely ?" " I don't believe the story, mamma," declared Berna, indignantly. "Mrs. Pirn must be mistaken." "J believe it, then; and that's enough. Things are coming to something, I'm sure, when children fly in the face of their parents, and settle what's to be said and what's to be told. You v. ait tii; Mrs. Vince comes out here next, and I'll give her a sly hint I know all about how she got my cousin. I know the way I'll do it. " You never shall have the chance of doing it," thought Berna; but she made no comment. She only took up her work this time, with the firm intention of getting on with that seam, which, if left to Mrs. Boyle's idle fingers, would never have been finished. CHAPTER XIII. "I think," said Mrs. Boyle, after a silence broken only by the sound of Berna's busy needle and her own sighs, " I might take a cup of tea now, if it was hot and not too much milk in it. Berna laid aside her work. "I will tell Ruth," she eagerly proposed. " She is baking soda bread. Shali I butter you some?" "If you do, mind you bring me in no more than the breadth of my finger. I never can eat; I don't know what is to become of me, as I was telling Mrs. Pirn no later back than 1 o'clock. " You must try," answered her daughter; and she left the sitting-room and passed in the kitchen, where Ruth was washing the flour off her hands, while,the soda bread was rising to a satisfactory thickness as it baked upon the girdle suspended from a crook over the fire. " I want to make mamma some tea, Ruth; and have we got a new-laid egg ?" "The eggs could not be fresher, Miss Berna, and the mistress can't be off liking the cake. I'll set the tray in a minute." " You need not take in a cup for me, nurse ; I do not want any tea;" and Berna leaned her bead against the chimneypiece and looked into the glowing depths of a clear turf fire. Ruth paused in her occupation to survey the girl. She had nursed her; she loved her. She knew—who that lived in the same house could help knowing?—the daily, hourly fret Mrs. Boyle was to her. The old servant possessed that subtle sympathy and quick tact which is the birthright of the Irish, and, without asking a question as to what had gone wrong, rem arked— "If your head is bad, Miss Berna, why don't you go for a turn in the meadow, instead of standing in this hot kitchen. I'll take in the mistress's tea, and tell her where you are." " Thank you, Ruth ; I will go into the meadow. 1 need not put on a bonnet. I shall not meet anybody out there." The meadow thus referred to—which belonged to Mr. Muir, being a portion of Kilmoon Farm—lay at the rear of Clear Stream Cottage, and could be entered from the garden of that house through a low rustic gate made of green, unbarkea fir. Jnst as she was, without shawl or bonnet, in her sad, black dress, adorned by nothing save youth and beauty, Berna passed in the calm evening light on to the grass, which had again been cropped almost as close by the cattle as a couple of months previously by the mowers. There was a delicious crispness in the air; soft and peaceful the tender rural landscape lay spread below her. What an exquisite world it was! How fair the heights of Gilnakirk in the near distance looked, with the corn-stooks clustered thick upon them! It was a rich, happy country that met her gaze—blessed by God, well cultivated by man. For Buch as Berna the face of Nature wears a smile everywhere; and as she walked the girl's heart grew lighter, and hope whispered life was not yet over, and that while life remains something of happiness may still be in store for the saddest soul that ever carried its burden of sorrow in silent anguish. For a long time she paced slowly up and down the field. She knew exactly what was passing indoors. Mrs. Boyle sat taking her tea, and at the same time discoursing to Ruth concerning the splendour of Mr. Pirn's house, mingling her descriptions with such questions and exclamations as—" Will you ever forget her old aunt ?" and " I wonder what my father would say if he knew the Pirns had grown too big to care to keep company with Airs. Boyle, of Boyle Court ?" She would not be missed, and even if she were Ruth, dear old Ruth, the only person able to manage her mother, could make things straight for her. For the time Bhe felt free to let her mind wander over the past and the future—over the beautiful mournful past—and the future still shroudfed amid the vague romantic mists in which for the young Time cunningly enfolds coming events. What did she see written on the clouds, dyed with the gorgeous tints left behind by the departed sun? Heaven only knows, save that it was some tender poem—some sweet unreality which caused her lips to part, and her eyes to grow larger, and their deaths to deepen, and brought her lingering footsteps to a standstill, because she would not disturb the illusion with movement. The glorious tints faded gently out of the sky. Twilight stole softly on, the distant landscape faded imperceptibly out of sight; a slight wind stirred the trees in the hedgerow, yet Berna stood motionless, till suddenly, with a little cry of affrighted surprise, she sprang backward. A great black horse, which in the dark looked higher and bigger than was actually the case, with a man on its back, who seemed scarcely less startled than herself, had shied suddenly at the sight of the girl, and though a hand of iron was on the bridle, went on plunging "violently. She had not heard the sound of coming hoofs, and at that hour, in that lonely place, in that mysterious light, horse and rider loomed on her through the semi-darkness with the effect of an appaliticn. "I have frightened you," said the man, at last succeeding in quieting his horse, coming close up to where she stood. "Not much," answered the girl, though she felt as if her heart were in her mcj; : h. "Iam very sorry, indeed," he pro;' -led, trying to get a nearer glimpse of this L raordinary young person who, barehead - , , ;,1 all alone, was wandering through the: ; i fields at such an hour. "I did not expt .j meet any one here." " Nor 1," she murmured apologetically. " It is late for you to be out. May I not see you safe home," and he drew his feet out of the stirrups as if with the intention of dismounting. " Oh! No—no. Thank you," exclaimed Berna. "I have only a few steps to go. Good evening!" He did not answer. He only took off his hat, thrust his feet again into the stirrups, watched her till she passed out of his sight, and then, wheeling his horse round, rode back into the lane whence he had come, and started at a sharp trot for Ardilaw. As Berna re-entered the cottage she heard her mother's voice still in full progress. Ruth stood just within the parlour door, the teathings had not been removed, Mrs. Boyle's bonnet and cloak lay on a chair, as she had thrown them off, and Mrs. Boyle herself was giving nurse a vivid description of Richard Vince's interview with the lady he now called wife. At sight of Berna the widow's words froze on her tongue. The " says hes" and " says shes" of the familiar long ago—when Ruth used to some in and help with the Vince sewing, and Ulick Boyle and Boyle Court were still perfectly unknown quantities— never flowed quite glibly off Mrs. Boyle's lins when her daughter was of the company. But the widow was seldom what the called " taken at a short," and, stopped in the midst of her own exciting narration, it did not take her a moment to change the front of battle and, attacking Berna, carry war into the enemy's country. "Well, and perhaps you will tell us where you have been, she began, " stopping out for hours, and coming home in the clouds of darkness, looking as if you were bewitche I. Jnst see there, Ruth, wouldn't anybody think she'd seen a ghost? What do you mean by those white cheeks and great eyes— enough to frighten anybody?" " 1 have a headache, mamma." " And haven't I the headache often enough, and the heartache too, for that matter ? and yet you never hear me complain. Here have I been forcing myself to eat—eating and drinking when I thought every mouthful would choke me—so that I mightn't be laid up and put to the expense of a doctor— though goodness only knows where we'd get a doctor, in this biick-of- the-world place; while you, for all you've a hearty api>etite, won't take your meals regular, but just pick a bit at ocld times when you think you will." "Indeed—indeed," Berna was beginning, when Ruth interposed. " You'll have a glass of milk and a piece of hot cake, won't you, Miss Berna? And there's a bright fire in the kitchen ; I was out looking at it a minute ago. And if I were you, 1 would warm myself and get to bed. There's nothing for a headache like sleep."~M " Ah, she'll never leave off her languid ways while you're living, Ruth," said _Mrs. Boyle. " You encourage her in her laziness. Why, when I was your a^e," she added, addressing her daughter, " I'd have thought shame to go to bea for a headache, I used to dancc my headaches off. If we could get nothing but girls to make up a set, why, we took them for partners; and we'd sing the music in turns; and such screaming and laughing and diversion as we had. Welllmindmy father, when he was lying ill upstairs, rapping on the floor with a stick to know if Bedlam had broken loose. Ah ! those were days; when I think of them I'm sure I wonder, as I was saying to Mrs. Pirn only to day, how I ever came to marry, to have all the spirit crushed out of me, and to rear a daughter more like a mute at a funeral than any tiling else." " Don't heed the mistress, Miss Bertha, dear," entreated her nurse; " your laughing days are all to come." ''indeed, and I hope I may live to see them. It would be wonderful to hear Berna laughing and making meiry like any other girl." "She'll be merry enough yet," answered Ruth. " Come, Miss Berna, dear, and have a bit of hot soda bread—I've kept it warm beside the fire—and go to your bed. The mistress is tired, too, though she has such a spirit she won't own to it; and the sooner she lies down and rests herself the better." Though Ruth's advice was as good as advice could be, Miss Boyle merely followed it because she wished to avoid discussion and longed to be alone. The glamour of that sky, brilliant with the trail of glory left behind by the departed sun, had not quite left her. _ The peace and beauty of the quiet scene which had filled her soul with rapture still lingered there in memory; the dream she had dreamed while gazing with wideopen eyes on the tender softness of the evening light was not for many days to seem wholly an illusion; while the appearance of that horse and rider in the mystical twilight, so soon to merge into night, imported just the touch of romance into the story so necessary to a nature like Berna's, out of which" "her mother had nipped every green shoot, every bud of promise, so soon as it ventured to show even the semblance of a leaf. Poetry and imagination, both starved in actual life, struck deeper and stronger roots for the reason they could only seek for nourishment in the girl's own heart. She had her friends, though Mrs. Boyle knew none of them; from out the pages of the past they came and comforted her. Knights and ladies, gentle maidens, noble heroines, loyal men, human beings sorely tempted, hard beset; people who suffered and triumphed, who rejoiced, and who, when the worst came to the worstj knew how to die. Poor in this world's goods—a mere cipher in the estimation of her fellows—God had given her a kingdom better than houses, or gold, or land; boundary it knew none, save the limits of right and honour; in it women were all fair and virtuous, and men great and noble and chivalrous; flowers never faded there, sorrow never entered ; it was in the mysterious land through which poets wander at will and romancers dwell; where wrong is set right, and truth triumphs, and beauty is cherished, and youth tenderly cared for, that Berna Boyle so often sought refuge when her mother wounded her pride, and lashed her temper, and trampled everything which seemed to the girl worth having level with the dust. She did not say a word to any one concerning the apparition she had seen in Mr. Muir's meadow. Close to herself she keptthe memory of that voice, soft with the tones of the melting South. She could not bear the story to become a topic of common conversation—to hear wonder expressed on the subject, and a thousand conjectures hazarded as to who the stranger might be. From a gauger to an Earl she knew her mother was capable of running the sramut on such a theme; and the stronger her own curiosity grew the more determinedly she resolved to refrain from endeavouring to gratify it. And certainly, as the days of that week went by she had ample cause for curiosity. Three, sometimes five, times between breakfast and tea she saw that horse and rider pass along the lane, and the rider never once passed without looking wistfully over the hedge in search of something besides the autumn flowers and the babbling stream that still went singing the same song, only louder, it had with such laughing delight flowed so merrily to in the golden summer time. He was looking for her. Berna knew that as well as though she had possessed the experience of half a dozen .London seasons. It was a knowledge which kept her out of the garden, and caused her to refrain from those long walks in which, when her mother was too tired to go out, she had been in the habit of indulging; but it did not prevent her from stealing unobserved glances at the handsome, audacious stranger, or marvelling who he could be and with whom he was staying in the neighbourhood. At last her resolve gave way, and on the Saturday evening following their meeting, while Mrs. Boyle was indulging in one of those naps she "dropped ofl" into "merely to save lighting a candle," Berna looking into the peat fire, over which hung the eternal girdle with a batch of a potato cake " soaking," as Ruth expressed the process of gradual baking necessary to ensure the bread being perfectly " done," asked— .".Have you seen a strange gentleman riding a black horse, Nurse, pass nere several times lately?" Nurse paused in her operations for a moment before she answered. '•I can't say that I have, Miss Bern3, What like was he?'' • " V ? ry goodlooking — handBome, indeed. He wears no whiskers, only a moustache, has brown eyes, and rides splendidly." " Oh !" said Ruth gi : inly. " Has the horse no hair of white about it except a small star on his forehead, and has it got a headband worked with beads instead of leather?" " Yes, that is the horse; do you know who the gentleman is ?" " He is not a gentleman—he is no one for you to be taking notice of or thinkin/r about." "I have not been taking notice of him," replied the girl, indignantly refuting the first accueatioD, but maintaining a wise silence with regard to the second. " Still, I certainly should like to know where he comes from." " He does not come from very far," was the answer; " and it's like his impudence staring over this place as I've seen him do." " Why who in the world is he, Nurse?" " He's just Mr. Muir's son, who else would he be ? and a worse man than his father—so the story goes. They say he was sent home m disgrace by the uncle that reared him. Thats neither here nor there, though. \\\ hatever he is, and whatever he has done, you must not be troubling your head about him. There's not a Boyle belonging to you but would turn in their graves if they thought you could take up with such as him. If he comes prowling about here much longer, please or displease, I'll give him a piece of my mind Tie won't like." "Not on my account, Nurse," said Berna, with an uplifting of her head nurse had been well acquainted with since she was a mere child ; " I would not have my name brought into such a matter for the world." . That's right, dear. It's not right for the like of you to waste a thought on the like of him. "I was only curious, Nurse; and I am curious no longer." Nevertheless, Berna sighed as she walked out into the darkness and stood for a minute beside the stream. j al1 ' ^ 18 tard to ha ve an illusion shattered; and it seemed a great humiliation to Ulick Boyle's daughter to find her dream knight vanish away and take the shape of Mr. Muir s son. „ Adonng one (in lavender kids and a blue scarf)— On, how I wish I were that book you clasp so lovingly !" She—" How I wish you were, so that I could shut you up." 4- bookkeeper who has taken a lively interest in the Egyptian business says that the accounts are balanced thus :—England, all loss and no profit. Mahdi, all prophet and no loss. When the eccentric Christiana of Sweden went to Paris, the great ladies of the Court rushing to kiss her on her arrival, she exclaimed, " Why, they seem to take uie for a gentleman !" Teacher—"Define thower 'excavate.'" Scholar —" It .means to^hollow on Teacher—" Construct a sentence in which the word is properly used " Scholar—" Tlie baby excavates when it gets hurt " Johnnie (who has been taken to call at a tVDical unaired boaruing-house)—"Oh. ma' WIIPIWS, erptat.tr Wamma-»Hush, dear, there Wt aay elephant." Johnnie—"Oh yes, there is; I 'mjU pns ingreply, 