SCIENTIFIC. SCIENCE OF TO-DAY. [Br a B.Sc.l Everybody is pretty well acquainted by tbis time with tne course that an ordinary spiritualistic revival runs: the faithful few who have managed to believe through the last period of depression begin to pluck up courage, they break through the cruBt of sullen reticence under which they had hidden themselves from ridicule, and begin gradually to relate more and more impressive expe riences to their sceptical acquaintances, the fairer-minded of wnom are perhaps at last led to admit that "there may be something in it." Then is the time for the clever tribe of mediums to issue, and, beelike, to gather during the brief summer from the faithful few and the enquiring sceptics a sufficient supply of golden coin to furnish meet sub sistence through the next winter of depres sion. But the pockets of the great common sense public remain unopened flowers to these thrifty gatherers of the yellow dust. The latest attempt to open them is by ap pealing to common sense; the newest English mediums, instead of getting up stances and trotting out the ghosts of Shakspeare and Queen Elizabeth as easily as the showman works Punch and Judy, modestly advertises that he will merely give an interesting exhi bition of muscle-reading. ThiB change of policy promises to be equally beneficial to public and medium, because now people can give their attention to a large class of facts which require attention, without running the risk of being called spiritualists. Indeed, in their eagerness to conciliate the common sense public, and avoid all suggestion of mysterious and superstitious agency, the latest mediums (such as Mr. Cumberland) have gone quite beyond their province in calling their exhibition "muscle-reading," because no one as yet knows what to attri bute the phenomena to. In fact a letter pub lished byl)r. Lodge, Professor of Physics at Liverpool, and well-known in England aB a scientific man, shows that there is no muscle reading in the case. He was invited along with other scientific men in Liverpool to a private exhibition of thought transference. After two thinkers had been several times success ful in instilling the idea of some object or drawing on which they were steadfastly fixing their thoughts into the mind of the blindfold percipient or subject, he brought into the room a double opaque sheet of thick paper with a square drawn on one side and a cross on the other, and silently arranged it between the two operators so that each looked on one aide without a notion of what was on the other; the percipient was not informed that any modification was made in the usual operation, and there was a clear space of several feet between her and the operators as well as between the operators. There was silence till the percipient exclaimed, "The things won't keep still I seem to see things moving about. First 1 see a thing up there, and then down there; I can't see either dis tinctly. The object was then hidden, and the percipient with eyeB unbandaged was told to draw the impression in her mmd on a sheet of paper. She drew a square, and then said, " There was the other thing as well," when she filled in a cross from corner to corner. There was certainly no muscle-read ing here, but there was apparently trans ference of thought. Dr. Lodge says there was no possibility of oollnsion, but un fortunately does not tell ub how he satisfied himself of thiB impossibility. However, the great thing is that scientific men and the com mon-sense public are willing to assist in the gathering of experimental foots, without ad vancing theories which ask us to believe that the ghosts of our departed friends can be harnessed on to tables and coalscuttles at the bidding of any medium—in short without1 advancing any theory whatsoever till " facts, facts, facts" are gathered in abundance. To pass from mediums to magnetism sounds | natural enough, because the words " magneto" and "electro" have become the "open se sames" of the spiritualistic swindler. Pro fessor Barrett, of Dublin, has been investi gating the effect of magnetism on the human | body. Quite recently Sir William Thomson remarked that it is wonderful that we have | no sense of magnetism as we have of sight and sound. Such a sense would be invalu able to us, for space around us is as thoroughly traversed with lines of magnetic force as it is with rays of light during the day, but the lines of magnetic force would not leave us durinpjdarknesa—we would feel the presence of all the bodies round us, and in the olackest of pitch darkness would know as well what movement was going on as in the broad day light. However, although we have not got a special magnetic sense, Professor Barrett thought it worth while to enquire whether the senses we have got take cognizance of magnetism. Out of one hundred people examined he has found three who when their heads are placed between the poles of an electro-magnet know when the current iB running or when it is stopped, and these a at same three if taken into a dark room where there is a powerful electro-magnet see a faint glow over the poles when it is active. He tests them by noiselessly interrupting the current in another room; they always ex claim that the light is gone when he breaks the current. Facts such as these should not give people any more faith in the thousand and one quack so-called magnetic remedies, but should prove to them that when the scientific man knows so little of the effect of magnetism on the human body,athe adver tiser of magnetic nostrums is in all cases taking advantage of the mysterious associa tions of the word "magnetic" to fascinate, and thereby to dupe. Before the days of submarine cables it was customary with naturalists to paint very gloomy pictures of the sea bottom in the middle of the great ocean. It was a scene of desolation—a vast deBert without a trace of life, buried in the deepest darkness, and in tensely cold. Of course, although water in small quantities appears so perfectly trans-! parent, you have only to observe how sub stantial a shadow a glass trough filled with water throws in direct sunlight to convince yourself of the extent to which water absorbs light, and to realize how utterly weak a beam of light will be when it has traversed a mile of sea water. The naturalist argued that where there was no light there could be no vegetation, and where there was no vegeta tion there could be no animal life. But the repairing of cables soon revealed abundance of life, indeed quite a superabundance from a telegraphic engineer's point of view; and the further Btudy of deep-sea fauna carried out by such scientific expeditions as that of the Challenger showed that many of the forms possessed perfect eyes; but not only were these eyes for seeing, but most brilliant and elaborate colour markings to be seen. The results of the deep-sea dredgings by the recent French Talisman expedition again draw attention to the problem of the ex istence of creatures with brilliant colours and eyeB in dark waters; and the marked and extensive arrangements for phosphorescence in some of the forms give weight to the theory propounded some years ago, that the use of phosphorescence in the marine vital economy is to illuminate the depths of the ocean, so that, instead of shining with borrowed light as we and the moon do, the creatures of the deep sea are each suns to themselves, and though beholden of all beholden to none. One of the new Talisman fishes has rings of phosphorescent; plates round its eyes, and another can set the wonderful light playing all along its sideB. Some time ago Mr. Galloway drew atten tion to the prominent part played by coal-dust in thoBe terrible explosions in the English coal mines of which we hear from time to time. Theold idea was that the explosion was always due to an inrush of fire-damp, a gas some what like coal-gas, from some cavern broken into by the miners. Mr. Galloway main tains that the explosions can be explained entirely by means of coal-dust, and that fire damp is not at all a necessary cause. It is obviously quite intelligible tnat an atmo sphere charged with very fine coal-dust should be highly explosive when one thinks what a volume of gas each particle contains ready to he liberated at a certain temperature, and any particle owing to its minuteness is easily raised to that temperature on contact with flame. With gunpowder as a typical ex plosive we can readily admit Mr. Galloway's proposition that coal-dust and air in certain proportions form the explosive in most coal mine accidents. There is no doubt that the next great fundamental problem that science has to solve is the evolution of mind. Darwin has shown how, given a low form of life to begin with, the whole animate world has been evolved ; but as to how consciousness began and intelligence was developed we are still utterly in the dark. There are two lines along which we can work towards the light— | the one is the Btudy of the nervous system throughout the animal kingdom, the other the study of intelligence in animals. The latter study can proceed only by the accu mulation of immense numbers of facts. Darwin found the proof of his theory in the I enormous store of [isolated facts gathered I by his predecessors. Ho man has shown himself a more industrious and discrimi nating gatherer and storer of facts than Dr. McCook—the Lubbock of America, the authority on American ants. It is an in teresting example of the scientific method to see him carefully putting on record his observation of a small species of wood spider. The natural habit of this spider when alarmed is suddenly to drop, paying out a foot or two of thread, and dangling in mid air. But if a female with unhatcheaT eggs is alarmed she sticks to her post through all dangers, while if the young nave issued from the egg she seeks her own security at once, and leaves the apparently helpless young to look after themselves. At first sight thiB would seem unreasonable and unnatural con duct to desert livingjyoung, and stand by life less eggs : but each yonng spider aa soon ob it is hatched has an instinct and a web-spinning gland as good as it mother's, and on the slightest alarm drops into mid-air. _ If the action of the young is purely instinotive that of the mother seems very reasonable, seeing i that she recognises the self- preserving provi sion in the young and its absence in the egg. 