THE MAYOR OF CORK AND THE DUKE OF EDINBURGH. The Nationalists in the Cork Town Council demanded on Friday, September 13, from the Mayor at the Council meeting by what authority he had as.kedthe fleet and the Duke to Cork in the name of tho citizens. The Mayor refused to answer, and, after a stormy scene, left the council, together with the Whig and Tory mem bers. Tho Nationalists remained, appointed a chairman, and repudiated the mayor's action on behalf of the citizens. Mr. Lane, who questioned the Mayor's con duct, said— W lien the Mayor stood bareheaded upon tho pier at Kingstown giving that invitation in the name of tho citizens of Cork to the Duke of Edinburgh and the officers of the fleet, he stood there simply &b; Barry J. Sheehan, mer chant or shopkeeper, of Patrick-street, in tho city of Cork. (Hear, hear). Mr. Croin'n— A Chinaman. (Great laughter). Mr. Lane — In no capacity whatever besides that did ho stand there on that occasion. Now, tho citizens of Cork, through mo and through others who represent them here to-day, repudiate in the widest sense of the term the right of the Mayor of Cork to speak on their behalf upon that occasion. (Hear, hear). Why should the corporation of Cork bo put into tho false position it was put in by tho action of our nominal Mayor P We. as memberrs of the council, protest against Mr, Sheehan acting as he did in his capacity as Mayor of Cork. Wo solemnly protest against tho mannor in which ho issued the invitation, and in doing that we only re-echo the opinion of Ireland that he betrayed the position ho occu pios, and that he put the citizens of Cork in a very false position before tho whole world, which now has its eyes concentrated on tho ac tion of every public man in Ireland (cheers). Aid. Hooper said that what he complained of was that the Mayor of Cork without any authority from the council of the city should go away to Kingstown and in the name of the citi zens—nine-tenths of whom repudiated him and the nianojuvrers that placed him in the position he occupied — issue invitations to the Duke and to the fleet, and repeats tho same form of invi tation to a ball (hear, hear). Mr. O'Brien— Wo repudiate you, Mr. Mayor, and your conduct, and wo repudiate Sir George, Peurose, as representing tho people of Cork. You have prostituted tho character of the citizens of Cork. You have disgraced tho city. I hope you will now go to Earl Spencer and take the ghost of Mylos Joyce with you. The city has been disgraced by you and your flunkoyism, and we will vripo out the insult. Mr. O'Brien and Mr. O'Hoa having addressed the mcctiug, tho proceedings tormiuated. 