THE HIGHLAND CROFTERS. At the present time, when so much- at- : tention is centred upon questions affecting ' the tenure of land, the report of the Royal Commission appointed to enquire into the condition of the crofters in the Highlands of Scotland contains matter of some interest. The public have heard not a little at one time and another about village communities and primi tive settlements of land, and there is here an account of a veritable system of communal holdings which has endured m ore or less intact up to the present time. The evidence given before the Commission describes a system of townships, possessing their own un written laws and customs, varying slightly in different parts of the country, but all substantially alike. The township con sists of both arable and pasture land — the pasture land always held in common, the arable land formerly also in common, but now generally 'lotted, or permanently de fined and attached to separate tenancies.' Every year the township or the proprietor (or sometimes each) appoints a constable whose duty it is to act a3 intermediary between the proprietor and the crofters, to allot shares in the common peat-moss and pasturage, to assign the labour on public works, to prevent the cattle from straying into the corn land, and to perform various other duties for the common weal. The constable for the time being is sup ported by the villagers, as hi3 duties are too onerous to allow of his attending to his own affairs. In former time3 the rights of pasturage on the hills, of peat cutting and of thatch-gathering, were taken as matters of course between landlord and tenant, but in many places these rights have been .invaded. The pasture land has been resumed for deer forests and sheep farms, and the tenants have been made to pay for peat and thatch. In some places even the right to gather seaweed for manure has been taxed. It must not be supposed that 80 long as the rights of the village communities remain intact there is no poverty or distress. On the contrary, the Commissioners are careful to point out that ''the average amount of material and moral welfare amongst the crofters and cotters is as great now as at any previous period.' At the same time this welfare is independent of, and in too many instances in spite of, the action of the proprietors. The old communal privileges have been seriously infringed ; indeed, the existence of any such privileges has frequently been ignored. It is, of course, true that there is no law whatever bearing on the ques tion other than the law of the land at large. The rules and regulations which have for centuries guided the relations between these Highland croftera and their chiefs have been those of an unwritten code. Thus, legally speaking, the town ships are at the mercy of the pro prietors, and eviction of individuals or of a community en masse -is perfectly possible, and has indeed in some instanced actually taken place. The evidence givei before the Commission has .disclosed a reckless disregard of the rights and well being of the tenants by the proprietors in the furtherance of their own selfish in terests. Many arbitrary evictions have been made, and it is openly asserted that thiB penalty has been imposed upon many of those who ventured to give evidence. It is, of course, difficult to sheet Buch an accusation home, but cer tainly evictions there have been for no juBt reasons, and the common pas turage has been in some quarters sorely curtailed in order to create or enlarge deer forests and sheep farms. Mr. Macintosh stated in the House of Commons that about one-fifth of the land in the Highlands was reserved for deer forests, and this amount is on the increase. It is iniquitous that this state of things should be permitted to exist, and from the tone of Sir W. Harcourt's remarks the Government are of the opinion that the time has come to check it. Mr. Balfour spoke of these lauds as used for the 'manufacture of sport,' whatever that may mean, and went on to contend that this manufacture is far more profitable than that of '' agricultural commodities.' Such utterances can only be characterized as a disgraceful attempt to hide the real issues and 'to throw du3t in the eyes of the public. Measures ought to be taken to put a stop at once and for ever to this misappropriation of land. .- '? '?? . Another system which these proprie tors have in many cases adopted cannot be too strongly condemned. They have compelled a tenant when leasing a holding to take over arrears of rent — three 6v four years' sometimes— so that the land lord might always have something to hold in terrorem over the tenant, to be used on occasion as an admirable pretext for eviction. It is greatly to be regretted that the holders of large landed properties cannot be trusted to deal justly and consult the rights and interests of their tenants without the compelling hand of the law, but since experience shows us that such is the case it is essential that the law should step in and see justice done ; and if there is no existing authority which can do it then a law must be created for the purpose. The report of the Royal Commission makes a variety of recom mendations, the chief of which are that these Highland' townships Bhall be per petuated and given a legal status, and that the boundaries shall be fixed, and shall not be removable by the proprietor j that the rights of .taking peat, thatch, and seaweed shall be recognised as inalienable and allowed for in the rent; that an officer shall be elected every year to represent the township and to carry out all public works ; and that the individual tenants shall have a thirty years' lease, renewable under certain conditions, and terminable by either side, with compensation for improvements to the tenant or for deterioration to the landlord. There are also a variety of minor recom mendations, to which we need not here refer. But the remedy of wholesale emigration which was suggested by some of the witnesses is kept in the back ground. These crofters are a sturdy race, inured to labour, and make {splendid colonists if only they can be induced to become such. But they are profoundly ignorant and narrow-minded, and dog gedly attached to the poor soil and in hospitable climate where their forefathers have lived for centuries, and it is extremely difficult to get them to move. So far the report has not received much practical consideration. A short debate in the House of Common3, which came to nothing, and a few administrative im provements ordered by the Execu tive, have been the only .., apparent results. The Government have for the present declined to act on the report as a whole, on the ground that it recommends exceptional land legislation and that there has not been time to give the necessary attention to the evidence. It may well be that the crea tion by law of a permanent system of village communities is a question the pros and cons of which demand much dis cussion. But that fixity of tenure should be given to the crofters upon equi table conditions is what is wanted. The recommendations of the Commis sion do not really amount to fixity of tenure, in fact they are of a tempo rizing character, but it. is not too much to hope that before long a complete change will be made in the relations between the crofters and their ground landlords. It is high time that those who have become holders of large areas of land should be made to feel that they cannot deal with it as if none had any rights or interests in it but themselves. Fhbethotjght aio- Fi8iTCTJiTS.— The Freethought crusade of Miss Ada Camp bell and her supporters has resulted in a fracas between the champions of the Freethinkers and the Christian Crusaders. As usual, the physical violence of which Messrs. Oliver and party were guilty on Sunday at the Park Lands was preceded by the calling of names. Mr. Turnbull, the Christian Crusader, origi nator of the body and of the name, had been called a 'coward parson' by some of the Freethinkers, and Mr. Oliver had emphasized this denunciation in a letter published in Melbourne. Then Mr. Turnbull called Mr. Oliver a liar, and declared that any one who knew phrenology would know from the shape of Mr. Oliver's head that he was a born liar. That certainly was not at all pleasant for Mr. Oliver. The champions of Freethought generally go in for free speech, but they do not like to have it said that their language is so free as to Bhow no regard for truth. For several weeks Mr. Oliver has nursed his wrath against 'Parson' Turnbull, and on Sunday he succeeded iu overthrow ing hfin completely — not in argument, but in person. The assailed party seems to have been taken by surprise, for they were engaging in prayer when the attack was made. Perhaps this fact aggravated their offence in the mind of Mr. Oliver. To argue with a Freethinker is hurtful. To call him a liar is altogether too bad. But to pray for him is quite beyond endurance. At any rate the vigour of the onslaught made by the Freethought army upon the Christian Crusaders would seem to show that some mortal injuiy is at the bottom of the affair. One cannot Bee how either side in this miserable affair expects to get any glory or renown out of it. To call a man, even if he is a Freethinker, a liar is certainly not a befitting act in a Christian, although perhaps a Crusader, as in days of old, is allowed some latitude. But Mr. Oliver, in proceeding to personal violence in following oat, a squabble which he assisted in fomenting, must see that he is only disgracing himself, if not the cause whish he espouses. Probably the public will hear more of the fracas in the Park Lands. General Gordon's Exploits. — Gene- ral Gordon in the Soudan is leading a life of the most extraordinary reverses. A few days ago it was announced that advices had been received from him asserting that the state of Khartoum was deplorable. Nearly all the provisions had run out. All the soldiers excepting the negroes were cowards who would noi fight. The supplies would be exhausted by the end of September, and the British relief expedition would therefore arrive too late. Thi3 is the depressing side of the picture. In it Gordon appears as a desperate man having no hope but to die fighting for the people whom he has be friended. But in this morning's newB by cablegram he turns up victorious again. The news of his capture of Berber, a town some 200 miles from Khartoum, is confirmed, and it is stated that after a short bombardment the inhabitants of the place fled, and the town was occupied without resistance. Surely if the Mahdi cannot keep such an important post as Berber, commanding as it does the two routes by the Nile and by Suakim, he must have come very near a total collapse by this time. There is a story told about the wars in Flanders, how that the burghers of a besieged town when reduced to the verge of starvation resolved rather to die sword in hand and sallied forth to meet the enemy, when to their amazement they found that there wa3 no enemy to meet. The beleaguering army had quietly withdrawn or been dispersed. This is apparently the position in which General Gordon finds himself. The Mahdi has failed to avail himself of his opportunities. He has neglected to strike while the iron was hot, and now that it is cold he may strike as long as he pleases without making much impression. Un less a revival of fanatical enthusiasm takes place the huge army which he once commanded will not reassemble. It is stated once more on the authority of the Times that General Lord Wolseley has been recalled from the Nile, and the command entrusted to General Stephenaon. This assenion has been contradicted, but under the altered aspect which the later news places upon the state of affairs the recall of General Wolseley seems by no means improbable. If there are no adversaries to be encountered excepting men who are frightened by the firing of a few shells, it is not likely that General Wolseley would feel complimented by being entrusted with that sort of wort. But still his recall, if it has actually taken place, seems an injudicious Btep. No one knows how soon the hostile hordes of theJMahdi may reassemble. The hope ofjtranquillity for the Soudan rests mainly on the chances of Gordon's remaining in power at Khartoum, and the British Government are under sacred obligations to render him what assistance he may require. Arrival of the Ligtjbia. — The Orient steamer Lignria was sighted off Cape Jervis shortly after midnight, and reached the anchorage at an early hour this morning. Retubn of Mb. Joseph Fisher.— This gentleman, who has been absent from the colony for some time on a visit to England, will probably arrive in Adelaide within the next two or three weeks. He left England on September 19 by the Orient steamer. Passengers peb S.S. Liquria.— The fol lowing passengers are booked to leave by the s.s. Lignria, which is announced to sail from Larg8 Bay on Monday, October 6:— Mr. H. JJ. Parker, Mrs. McDougall, and' Mr. L. Jenner, for London, in tbe second salooa ; and three in the third-class. The Protector, — Several hundreds of persons visited thenewmanof-war on Sunday, October 5. From about 11 a.m. till dusk quite a flotilla of boats were busily engaged in taking the visitors to and fro, and some of the watermen must have reaped an unusual harvest. The ferry steps at Prince's WhaTf appeared to be the chief rendezvous of the sight-seers, and there boats of all sorts and sizes wtre plying. The Jask Tars on board the Protector vied with each other in atten tion to the visitors, and the general opinion of the latter appeared to be that the vessel, if somewhat small for a warship, was thoroughly well armed throughout. The Natives in the Far North.— We are indebted to the Protector of Aborigines 'for the following : — ' Mounted - constable Bailey, in charge of the Aboriginal Depot at Mount Vivian, reports that he returned from Andamooka on the 20th ult., bringing with him 120 blacks from that plaoe, wheie they had been a source of annoyance, but had not done anything of a serious nature. Some petty thefts of c tucker1 had taken place, and some quarrelling between the blacks and the shearers ; the latter were evidently in fault. The blacks started back with him without any trouble, and were brought to the depot at Mount Vivian, a distance of 115 miles.' The Child Lost near Parnaroo.— The body of the little girl named WoodB, who was lost about five miles from Parnaroo on Sunday last, was found on Saturday morning about ten miles from where she wandered from her father's camp. Her tracks showed that she had been walking in a circle for sometime, as is very often the case with persons lost in the bush. It is supposed that the little one, who was only three years of age, must have travelled nearly thirty miles before she finally succumbed to the exhaustion and exposure to which she had been subjected. Chtjrch Mission Bazaar. — The bazaar on behalf of the various Anglican Mission Churchesi which was held on Wednesday and Thursday last was continued. in the Town Hall on Saturday. The attendance waB not bo large as on the former days, bat a fair business was done. One of the stalls was arranged as a post-office, at which letters were bought, and the space previously occu pied! by the doll-stall was utilized for the purposes of a so-called fishpond. There vrere other small additions to the collection of novelties. Occasionally pianoforte music was contributed by ladies. During the three days the bazaar has been open about £G50 has been taken. Bible Christian Connexional Com mittee.— On Thursday, at the first meeting of the Bible Christian Connexional Committee since the B«v. JameB Way's decease, a resolution was adopted expressing sympathy with the family and placing on record the Benee entertained of the distinguished ser vices to the Church of the deceased. Arrange ments were also made for the settlement of Revs. W. P. James and H. Cann, ministers from England, who are expected by the Garonre. The Rev. James Kowe, who has been on a visit to England after thirty years' absence, returns by the same steamer. Hospital Item.— About 9 o'clock on Satur day evening a man named Sagar was found by the police on the road opposite the Ade laide Club. He was picked up and taken to the Hospital, where on examination it was found that he had two scalp wounds, appa rently the result of a falL He was intoxi cated, and brandished an open knife rather freely. After his wounds were dressed he was removed in custody of the police. Accident on the Cricket-field. — On Saturday afternoon a young man named Andrews' was taken to the Adelaide Hospital Buffering from a blow received in the mouth from a cricket-ball, by which several teeth were knocked out and his lip split. The wounds were dressed and the sufferer lett the institution. Fireman's Funeral.— The funeral of the late Michael Davis, a member of No. 2 Fire Reel, took place on Sunday afternoon. Nearly all the men belonging to the Adelaide, Norwood, Glenelg, and Harrold Brothers' Fire Brigades took part in the procession, which left the deceased's late residence in Hindley-rtreet, and then proceeded eastward to King William-street, then south to Grote street, and westward to the Catholic Ceme tery, where the usual funeral ceremony was performed. The procession was headed by the Model Band, playing the Dead March in ...???- j 'Saul,' then came members of the Druid Order and the Cosmopolitan Benefit Society The hearse 'was followed by the moxmaag coaches and the firemen in double files, ant] tl-erear was brought up by the reels, he horses of which were led by firemen, and private vehicles. A man was left in charge at each of the Btationa, bo that no time Bhould be lost in communicating with the brigades in the event of anything occurring; requiring their attention. Sunday Evening Lecture, Chalmers Church. — ' Amusement in its Bearing on the Individual' was the subject of a lecture delivered in Chalmers Church on Sunday evening by the pastor, the Rev. D. Patoa,. M.A.B.D. After some introductory remarks on the important part played by amusement in the formation of character, reasons were given not only for the propriety but even for the necessity of something, answering to the nature of amusement. No man is able to bear the perpetual drain of exertion, the perpetual exercise of sustained thought, or even the perpetual strain of an entrancing devo tion. There must be relief and remission,, otherwise the body becomes exhausted or the mind unhinged, and the terms in constant use among us bear this oat. Amusement ia said to consist of any kind of agreeable enter tainment. Relaxation, literally the unbend ing of the bow, means the reduction of the security of any continuous act or attitude,, while recreation again imports that phase of the matter by which the man is made fresh, anew. Hence it is made up of two parts.. To fulfil its purpose it must have some thing in it of the nature of rest; a state which is receptive to impressions from with out rather than creative of ideas from within. Nature, society, and home furniBh materials for securing this end. On the other band, however, a change of occupation ia often,, if not always, necessary to the realization of the full idea of amusement, not bo much the cessation as tho alteration of activity. Of course in both cases - it must be of a bracing character, recruiting the body and exhilarating the mind. The con dition accordingly that ought to attach to the amusements in which we indulge are such as these. They should be attractive and appro priate to the individual, calling for no elaborate preparation, and involving po great issues. From their very nature they should be occasional only, and not continuous. THey should contribute to the general physical health by inducing Bleep and restoring; energy. And last of all they Bhould conduce to the man's elevation, breeding hopefulness not despondency, refining not coarsening him,, fostering generosity not confirming selfish ness, ending iu noble action and not evaporat ing in mere cheap, empty emotion. 'Christianity and Hindd Incarna tion.' — At the Port Congregational Church* on Sunday evening, October 5, the Rev, J. C. Kirby discoursed to a large assemblage^ on the above subject. He said— 'By incar nation we mean that a Dirino Being becomes visible in the form and likeness of a man. JeBUB Christ was God manifest in the fleeb... It has been pretended that the Christian idea of the incarnation wa3 derived from India, and by comparison of the Ohrijtian to the Hindu incarnation some have sought to make little of the Saviour of the world. There is a certain likeness between Hin duism and Christianity. Hinduism has a trinity— Brahma, Vishnu, and Siva— a9 we have Father, Son, and Holy Ghost. The Gospels say the second person became man Hinduism says Vishnu, the second person,, became man in the person of Krisna, the: Black One. Bat Kriana became mm chiefly by blind necessity, for the Hindus deny personality and speak of Brahma ? aa 4 it;' whereaB Christ became man by the free choice of God — ' God bo loved the world #iafc he gave his only begotten son.' Krisna. became man without having any ends to* attain worth the incarnation of God, whereas Christ had ends to attain worth, the incar nation of God. He came t3 unveil and declare to men the very heart of God. * He that hath seen Me hath seen the Father.'' Christ came that we might havo life in all it3 highest forms in endless abundance ; He came to be the quickening Bpirit ipso facio. The incarnate God is the aupremo man with an inherent fitnes3 to reign over men, and to receive and dispense the Holy Spirit. There were many great ends ? attained by the incarnation outside of and beyond the human race ; it is an ast full of meaning to all creatures and worlds — e.j/., 'By the Church is made known to .th9 principalities and powers in tho heavenly places the manifold wisdom of God.' Put the purpose of the incarnation of Vishnu ? alongside the great aims of Christ's' incarna tion, and it is plain that Krisna is to Christ but as a ruBhlight to the sun. According to the Hindus, Vishnu has been incarnate nine times, Krisna being the ninth incarna tion, but in the future there will be the tenth incarnation and then Krisna will cease ? to be. But Christ Jesus is the one only incarnation of God, according to Christianity. He had no predecessors, He will have no succcssois. He will not vanish like Kriana, He exists not after the law of a carnal com- ? mandment but after the power of an endless life. As Dorner Bays, * In Himself the God man (Jesus Christ) ia the - flower of the universe, the absolutely precious good; God's eternal love irre vocably united with mankind.' Krisna has ? no function of eternal power and universal meaning, but the incarnate God as the Blain -. and risen Lamb stands in the centre of the eternal throne to receive throughout eternity the praises of all the creatures, because He is the crown of creation, and the ever-flowing : source of universal holiness, light, love, and life. To compare Krisna to Christ is to com pare a baby to a man ; and yet Krisna U ? about the greatest of heathen incarnations.' Blind and Deaf and Dumb Institution. . — The usual monthly meeting of the com mittee of this Institution was held at the office of the Hon. John Coltou, M.P., on ? Friday, October 3, when there were present ? Hon. John Colton, M.P. (in the chair), Sir William Milne, Hon. A. CampbeHjM.LC, Hon. J. HodgkiBS. M.L.C., Messrs. Thomas ? King, M.P., E. T. Smith, M.P., William ? Kay, J.P., S. Tomkinson, J.P., and the Sec retary (Mr. Roffe Searcy ). A letter was read from the Chief Secretary asking the com mittee to admit from the Destitute Asylum several aged blind men and women. It was unanimously resolved that the application could not be entertained. Mr. George Boothby forwarded a copy of a programme of a musical entertainment lately given in ? Sydney by a number of the pupils of the New South Wales institution for the deaf ' and dumb and the blind, to celebrate the opening of the new wing of that institution. It was Tesolved that Mr. Boothby be thanked for his kindness. The Chairman reported - that he and the Hon. A. Campbell had visited the Institution on Friday, September ? 26, and that the Hon. J. HodgkiBa andMr.. G. W. Hawkea had paid a visit to the insti tution on Monday, September 29. It was resolved that the Chairman obtain a report from the Waterworks Department in refe rence to laying water on from the mains to the iDstitntion and an estimate of the cost, also ? whether the water could be laid on from Downing-street. The Secretary reported that since last meeting he had received sub scriptions amounting to £32 19s., and £22 133. 9d., the contents of the various money-boxes,. . also £2 10s. on account of maintenance of one of the inmates. Bank balance to credit of current account, £40 18s. 5d. ; accounts passed for payment, £87 10s. lOd. After some further routine business had been transacted the meeting was terminated, Vandalism on a Rifle Range.— Some unprincipled persons have recently been amusing themselves by damaging the rifle = ranges at Henley Beach. The Secretary of the S,A. Rifle Association, who paid a visit to the ranges on Saturday, was rather un pleasantly Burprised to discover that one Bet of cast- iron targets, weighing about a ton, bad been thrown off the foundations, while the windows in two of the bufcthouse3 were all Bmashed. Each frame held two panes of plate-glasB about seven-eighths of an inch thick, to break which considerable force must have been exerted. It is to be hoped that the perpetrators of thia mischievouB act will be caupnt and punished. 