CURRENT TOPICS. The ordinary meeting of the Hampden shire Council will be held in the Shiro Hall, Manifold Street, at the usual hour on Wednesday next. The attention of the members of the Camperdown Itailway Extension League is called to tho advertisement convening a meeting to bo held in the Slire Hall at 2 o'clock this afternoon. The business to be transacted is important, and a full attendance is requested. A letter was received on Thursday last from Mr. Toohey. M.L.A.. to the etfect that the Commissioner of Railways regretted tv say there was no money availablo for the construction of sheep and cattle yards in Camperdown. This caused very considerable surprise, inas much as those interested were daily ex iiectiiig tenders to be called for the work. Our parliamentary representative, Mr. Uren, M.L.A., appears to have been of the opinion that tenders would at once be called for the construction of the yards, as he informed a Camperdown resident to tliat effect on Monday morning last. A bungle has apparently been made by some of the officials, as tenders are called for the construction of yards six mdes east from Camperdown. Dirertly Mr. Toohey's letter was received. Cr. W. Scott interested liiuiself in the matter, and in a very brief period a requisition was signed and pre sented to Cr. John Walls, President of the Harapdenshire Council, asking hini to call a public meeting to consider the ques tion. In compliance with that requisition a public meeting will be held at 5 o'clock on Wednesday afternoon. The Rev. W. L. Morton, of Ballarat, for many year* pastor of the Camperdown Presbyterian Church, paid a hurried visit to this district on Thursday, and returned to his home by the midday train yester day. Mr. Morton, who waa warmly re ceived by hia many true friends in Cam perdown, appears to be enjoying good health since his removal to the "golden city." It will doubtless be of interest to most of our readers to hear that Mrs. Morton and the family are all enjorimr good health. A letter has been received from the Mayor of Ballarat West, intimating that some young perch and carp would be for warded from latke Wendouree after Easter, for the purpose of Blocking latke Elingamite. It will he remembered that durin- tbe recent eicursion to Pott Camp bell. Mr. Hickman, in reply to a request preferred to him at the Elingamite, j promised to send some young fish. It is gratifying to find that ateps are to be ao promptly taken to fulfil this promise. i Turn aad spttiSilirins for tas pro pos-ed ■rlditioo to th* Ckmperdown State achoo* have at last beea forwarded to the head-teacher for the inspection of con tractors. From these, wo find that where tho present porch in the detached room is, a passage sft. wide is to take the placo of the porch, which is to be pulled down, and a room facing the town is to bo built, 30ft. by 21ft. This will accommodate about 00 children, and will relieve somo of the present rooms very much. In the complete plan of the proposed school, it was shown that the two rooms thus con nected would form the wing of tho new school, and that the main part of the build ing yet to bo arranged about, would be at tached to this wing, and occupy nearly tho same part of tho grounds a* the main school, which should therefore have to bo demolished. Taking the appearance nf the room now to bo built as a sample of the whole, the, new school when, com pleted, will form one of tho prettiest buildings in Camperdown. It is to be hoped tbat advantage will be now taken to press tho claims of this place for a new school to be built in full at the earliest possible opportunity. As amu-ing entertainment was given in the Camperdown SUto school on Wednes day night by Professor Carl, from the Balinain School of Arts, Sydney. The entertainment consisted of an exhibition of colored pantomimic views representing scenes in the Arabian Nights, Bluebeard, Cinderella, Jack the Giant-killer, and other tales of interest to juveniles. He also exhibited submarine views in illustration of the perils of a diver's life, and introduced a mechanical delusion called "The Ghost of a lady that turns, into a skeleton.' 1 This caused roars of laughter, as did the comic sketches with which the entertain ment terminated. Mr. H. Young, the head teacher, very kindly undertook to read the explanatory notes, and this part of the performance was by no means the least entertaining. The entertainment, altogether, was an enjoyable one for the youngsters, and the patrons experienced a double pleasure in viewing the amusing pictures, and in contributing by_tbeir presence towards encouraging the pro prietor of the exhibition, who hax the misfortune to be deaf and dumb. A similar entertainment was given at Cobden on Thursday night, at which tho attend ance was very satisfactory. At the Camperdown State school yes terday, the- second distribution of; certifi cates for those .who had attended in full for a month, was made in accordance with' the plan introduced by Mr. Young. For January. 08 had been, distributed, but for February the number rose to 123 ; and the probability is that tho number will yet be still further...increased in future months,'as the children begin to under stand the matter. In one class, out. of 26 girls on the roll, 14 made the full attend ance. Parents "can "help"" very much'by seeing that their childrenattend,""eicept in cases of actual sickness or inability from other causes. Form tenders were received for the sup ply of 14,000 cubic yards of Si-inch un screened broken metal delivered on the Camperdown snd Colac line. Tho lowest tender, was that of Mr. Robert Walls, of Camperdown, for £3100 ICs 104. which was accepted, subject to the Engineer-in chiefs report. Coxstable Ahem, who has been doing dnty at Camperdown fur considerably over a year, has received instructions to proceed,to.Geelong.. His place will be filled by Mounted- constable Beckwith, of Geelong. Constable Ahem has given every satisfaction in the discharge of his duties - whilst ,in this locality, and his many friends will always be pleased to hear of his advancement. . It will be observed from our report of the Bible Christian Conference recently held in Melbourne, that the Rev. Mr. Hicks, who has for some time past been the officiating mini-ter in this district, has been allotted Xhill in the Wimmera dis trict as his new sphere of labors. Xhill is a^znore important charge than Camper down, and the field will give Mr. Hicks ample scope for the exercise of his well known abilities. Mr. Kirk, blacksmith, of Camperdown, is the owner of a fine greyhound slut, which recently had a litter of "puppies. The whole of these were drowned shortly after birth. Mr. Kirk has a cat which, about tho same time, brought into.the world a number of kittens, and all of these shared, the fate of the puppies ex cepting one. The "greyhound mother seized upon the surviving kitten, and has sjneo suckled it, greatly to the bewilder ment of its mother. The cat has on several occasions attempted to remove the kitten, but the foster-mother savagely re sents all interference with the young one it has adopted. This interesting fact, which has the rare merit of being true, can easily be verified. It will be seen from announcements in our advertising columns that operations will be commenced at the Camperdown branch of the Western Meat Preservin" Company towards the end of March. In view of this fact, the manager, Mr. C. M. Farrington, advertises for rabbit carters and other persons seeking employment. Some little time ago a collection of apples, comprising ten varieties, grown in the Heytesbury forest, was sent to Mel bourne in order to show the resources of the district. Mr. J. Neilson. curator of the Horticultural Society's gardens, has written to say that ono specimen was the finest he had ever seen in Melbourne, whilst he also spoko highly of tho other varieties. The Autumn Meeting of tho Victoria Racing Club commences to-day, and will bo continued on Thursday and Saturday next. Special railway arrangements have been made, which are duly announced in our advertising columns. With fine weather, this meeting should bo far more successful than similar ones in times past. The first day alone has so many events crowded into it. that it is almost impos sible to say which is ita chief feature, and Thursday, the second day, is in no whit inferior in point of interest to ita predeces sor. Saturday, Bth inst., brings the meet ing to a close, and if the programmes of the first two days are good, "this is still better. The attendance is expected to bo by farthe largest ever known at an Autumn Meeting; and no wonder, when such attractions arc offered ; whilst the bcautv of the toilettes is expected to excel that of those displayed at the last Melbourne Cup gathering. Tho course and lawn have never been in such order in the autumn, and the finishing touches have been given to the new improvements. The Harrow correspondent of the Hamilton Spectator says :—A party of American trappers has arrived hero,"hav ing with them eleven horse*, eighty ferrets and about a mile and a half of" netting.' Their plan of operations is to spread their netting, and drive all the animals into it, forming, of course, with netting, men and horses, a large circle, working towards the netting. They capture the animals alive, and send them to market, where I suppose, they are killed and then sold At present Melbourne is the market To land owners troubled with rabbits, their terms are very reasonable I should im-^jone at. they ask nothing for taking the rabbits off the ground but grass for their horses free, and meat to purchase at a reasonable price. The February number of the Railicav Magazine has been received. The issue v an extremely interesting one, and con tains several tale, and sketches of mora thau the average amount of merit. The ilZ?"! \? Tin} ed -A publi-hed by 6"* ?ColUnsrtlwet i stsst, Mslbourn,, Oom Cobden eorrea-pondent writes - — Threshing operation* are in f nil awinghere, and some very good yields are reported. From 30 to 45 bushels of oats to tho aero is spoken of. The weather has been some what cold and rainy of late, and for this season of the year everything continues wonderfully green. A telei-.raph offico has been opened at the railway station, Dovcnish, and telo grams can now bo sent to and from- that place. An addition has been' made to the Orange Lodges in this district by one which was recently opened at Nirranda, by the officers, of tho r Cxanmer r Lodge t ' WarrnambooT. ' Thoj .officiating party, eight in number, proceeded toi2*irrahda a few days ago and were hospitably enter tained by the new brethren, seventeen of whom becamo members of the lodge that evening. The new lodge {says the Stan dard) is called the Loyal JJinanda Orange Lodge, and it is expected that it will quickly add to its number, which notrin cludes as stated, 17 officers and members. It is also expected that another lodge will bo opened in the vicinity, of Tori Campbell, at an early date, and a.number of other lodges are likely to be inaugurated through out the district. . ■ REOARPcni the rising in the Soudan an A rnus special cablegram gives tho follow, "ihg somewhat alarming news :—" It has been -ascertained that emissaries of the Mahdi have been endeavouring to in fluence the Mnhommedans * of " India against England." The Cobden correspondent of the -Mortlako Dispatch writes:—Messrs. Somerville and Parry are-making trrest improvements at their tannery. They have nine men employed in the tanning business, and fonrmenmakingalargedam, as tho present one is not capable of provid ing the tannery with a sufficient supply of wafer during"" summer - and winter. Diggers mining picks are continually called for now since there has been a little pros pect, of some- return ,for : labo*v_ It is believed by those-who have been in the Otway Forest during the past month that gold is to be found .there.in,payable quantities, if a little money was* invested to try in a different way to that in which they obtain tho coal. Mark my words that there is a good, prospect in life tot be obtained in the Otway ranges especially if the tramway should go to Port Campbell. The trial of EdwardDix-Pitman on a charge of having assaulted Wilmott Mason, night porter "at the Port Phillip Club hotel, was concluded ;in the Central Criminal Court on Wednesday. -The jury, after having been locked up for six hours, were unable to agree upon a verdict, and they were, discharged. The defendant was then remanded until Thursday morn ing and was liberated on bail. ; - A Rabbit Hill (says tho Age) will take a prominent place amongst the measures to be submitted to Parliament during tho ensuing session. Under the new Mallee Act the persons, who. hare taken up the malice territory are required within a specified timo to clear off tho vermin from their holdings, and it will bo necessary before this provision can ["be*properly en forced that legislation should'be passed with the object of having other lands cleared of the rabbits, otherwise the efforts of the mallee lessees to eradicate tho pest would be utterly futile. The matter has not yet been fully discussed by tho Cabinet, but tho advantage of following tho recommendations of the conference of inspectors recently held at Wentworth, to the effect that uniform action should bo taken with regard to this matter by Vic toria, Xew South Wales and South Australia, is fully recognised. Up to the present, however, nothing has been done in the way of determining upon the principles of the proposed measure. The attention of the residents of Cowley's Creek and Port Campbell is directed to Dr. Petttgrew's vaccination notice in cur adver tising columns. Misses Rawbon and Kerr intimate that they have commenced business aa dreai makera and milliners in fcott Street. The Victorian Railways Commissioners invite tenders for the erection of sheep and I cattle yards at about 22J miles on tha Colac and Camperdown line. \- Tenders aro invited for brick extension to State School, No. 114, Camperdown. Ma. John Thornton will di-pose of show cases, shop fittings, and balance of stock-in trade, in the assigned estate of M. Mever, on the premises. Msnifold Street, at 2 "o'clock this afternoon." Mr. J. hn Thornton will dispose of a quantity of furniture to-day at the auction mart, after Meyer's sale. Attention- is directed to Mr. Thornton's announcement lo the effect that he is prepared to superintend the trucking of sheep to tbe Melbourne market, Mr. Thornton has had erectid ctnvenient drafting yards wi thin a short distance from the Camperdown railway station. 