BRIC-A-BRAC. [BY WHITE: MYRTLE.] So the New Guinea ceremony has come and gone. It was a grand aflair-to a certain extent. There were flags flying and cannons belching forth their sulplhureous smnoke, to say nothing of processione of sanilors and marines (including the "horse" section). And at night, too, the. thing they call a "siren" uttered its melodious voice. The only drawback to the latter portion of the.proceedings was the lackeo appreciation evinced by the natives. They did not respond to its invitation with that delightful alaerity which the ancient mariners -are--reported to have shown when they hbeard'the eiren's call. Theconse. quenee is that their bones are not now bleachinr under a Papuan sun.and theynhave thus beenspare to eat more roast pig and muligatawney cooant. It must have been a beattifal olgt, aes, toseethem decked out iu their charminol1t simple, cnstum? of war-clubs and bead necklaqes e and it is to bere. gretted that Worth was,notoptesent to get some ideas for his next fashions, HRosyver, he might ?ie able to work something upf he could get hold ot the photographs taken of the various groups. The ceremony appears to have hbeq?1.parried out with a reckless disregard of expenee; and in no instanoe was this so evident as when the " boaos" chief weae seated with a stick as the stlsbol of his authorty. This stick bore upon its hqd a very elabonte valuable, and striking likek so of Her Majeety, similar to that found on the ~binarypenny postage. stamp, which is presumed to 'bear some faint re* semblance to the apperselibe of the Queen about forty years ago. I am versjnnah afraid thatthe chief, when he visits -England on the occasion of Earl Derby's elevation to decal rgions and assump. tion of the title of Duke of Heti Guinea, will not he able to recognise Her Majesty from the portrait in his possession. By the way, I'wonder what ortof a stick it was. So far as I can?jearn, neither Lord Derby nor Commodore Erskine is an Irishman. If such were the case, no further information wouldbe needed. I should say onhesitotingly thatthe artiole was blackthorn. As it is i?ilf't know what to think of it, and can only hope that di~cl~oureswill be made regarding this point. There is one thing certain about it, however-it is -o a character ad. mirably ansuited for expoatulating with a refrastory sulject. Taken altogether, th hole proeeedi fill me with indescriable di Never has th colony "bees iguered, snubbede ?npon,as in this affair. Our orernaneiit yeais'- ore otified of its approaching oecurrhelq one here knewr exactly wbhen and how the irotectorate was to 5': r?claimed. Queeneind was r it doly represente~d,: The whole thing was done ubder a mantleof aecres as unneceseasry a it waspuerile. Thepres wasfor. bidden a paesage in any bt the war-vessls, appa rently with -the object of preventing the detaiso the ceremony frmm being siade too public. And now, after all these indignities have been heaped upon us, Lord Derby, with:a modesty which cannot be too widely imitated, wants the colonies toay another £15,000 for protectorat~g expenses, Wh the proposition is almost eqnail ih advantage tothat made by the railway syndicatd fir compensation. The fact that a threat was madhthat any "' mews. paper fellow" fonod on board a man-of-war wOld be ignominionusly landed shows a despicable spirit on the part of the authorities who gave such instro. tions. Yet, I rejoice that, ~awlthtanding all obstaoles thrown in its wapy, dhe2see moe tdir. and so somebody's little game'wa·~ poiled. The loan estimates have been laid before the HonM. and our representatives can now see how the good things have been allotted. -Our-gwn, I am happ to say, is to have a fair sa inatters, and not=ie fore t is time. We have, een Ir' the cold shade of Opposition" long enough, ainad al the colder by the antipathy of the late Q Gvernment. Thank goodness, our political winter will now be made glorious summer; and may,w pjJng be able to bask in it. The apportionment ofmoney dbes not seem to have given universal satisfaction. I noticed, Mr. Editor, that one of your Brisbane contemporaris utters a note of disapproval. The text is thepe wich workshops. This establishment is the cane of great heart-burning on the'part' of the "conserv tires" and theirjournalistic friends. Notwithstand. ing the fact that this town is the birthplace of both the shops and our railwayllines- notwithbtandin that the locality in which they are situated is em. nently suitable for their growth-some people areao jealous of poor Ipswich that they envy her having a ewe-lamb, and covet its possession themselves. I don't think the metropolis can complain about being forgotten. A perusal of the tabulated estimate shows that Brisbane will gulp down about £389,000. And yet she would fain grab our railwayhops, and, of course, the vote for their ext'on as well At least, that is the desire of the peope down there so. cording to your contemporary, hd is supposed to reflect public opinion. In ot-liyrwords, either yoar contemporary does not represent the aims and wishes of the residente in the capital, or those residents do actually nurture the grasping spirit I have spoken of, and which was given voice to in a certain jour nal. Be content, sweet sister, With your £389,000. Oovetousness is contemptible, and is inexousable in you. Besides, contentment will prolong your life, and impart a new beauty t' youl features, as wellas an indescribable charm to your disposition, which the possession of the workehblh could not bestow. So take things easy, dear sister, and reconcile your. self to your not unhappy £389,00 lot. Did you ever try gardening, Mr. Editor ?-I don't mean on an extensive scale, but just big enough to alford recreation in leisure hours? I did once. I suddenly became enamoured of agriculture in a small way. It was on this wise. My official duties (to which I have referred on-previous occasions) not being very arduous, last year,,I cast about for some means of filling up my spare' ime compatible with the dignity of my posipionp In an inspired imoment I chose gardening. My ground was terrifi cally hard. and rain could ot begot at any price, but still the land bore tranes of having been cultivated since Separation, so I picked ap y courage and a horrowed pick and set to work.' wanted garden, and a garden I was determined apjave, even if my panting hulk yielded the ghost The preliminary preparation of the soil was something I shall never forget. I toiled early and late, with an energy born of desperation, andi I succeededon reducing the recal. citrant mould (?) to a fair degrie of suljection. It was a proud period in my life when I looked upon the freshly-turned earth, and saw in fancy the stately cablage, the fiery uccumber, and the hope. sustaining lettuce. The chaiActfrff the latter fall inginn witl my aspirations, I &deal; quantity of its seed. Day by day the embryo lettico was watered, and at least one-half of it regularly turned up each day to see if it was growing. I have sine thought that this had a depressing effect upon it, and that after the lapse of time the remainder became similarly afifeted. Whelther I asi right in my coijecturies I cannot say, lit. at all events, that lettuce tarried so long before coing up that I iboight sonme fresh seed (lettuo?e ad cabbage) and hid it in the earth. This time I affected a haughty inolitllrenue isuardling its fate which I was far from ferliqy. I fni;ey somehow t.iht this was a judicious plai, for it (thel seed. not the plan) cameo up freely. and plimiissl to pay im a hundredfold for my labour. Sering sty tucevts, 1 relaxed my stern, care less, stony glare, and devoted considerable atteation to the growth of my crop. But my hopes regarding its future we-re nipped in tle bud, and so was the crop. Very early oe meorming nty pleighbour's fowla and a couple r if istay goats miadea- raid upon the eultisiation, Ian, when I rose joyontly to gloat over my vr(.g-.t.rls I found that 600 plants had gone to assi.t 1in thie austie:lacee of other people's belougings. WItris I cllue to rckonl up, this was about how I tould : EXI'F.NDITURE : L.ahlur (p-Ial)(... ... ... C2 00 Newsp.i, .. .. .... ... ... 0 6 0 Itake ... ... ... ... 0 2 0 Watering-pJt ... ... ...0 5 6 Seed ... ... ... 0 2 0 Total ... ... ... ... £2 1 6 liASI.T i Overflow of lile, experience, hatred of fowls and goats (unlle.s they are mine), and a fearful sow ti let airiculiturc alone uutil I can get a gardei ready made, 