THE FAR NORTH. REMINISENCE OF TRAVEL, ETC, (BY J. E. CRSSWELL.) II. A GHOST STORY. ON the opposite side of the stream, gently ascending was an open bit of ground. Over this my dusky com panions, clapping their stirrup-irons to their horses' sides, galloped some three or four times at speed. This galloping a horse for some ten minutes or so at his best pace, immediately after he has been watered, renders him-at least so say the horsemen in those climes-hardy, and greatly im proves his wind. As we rode up the open space, the old hut suddenly came in view; the pale rays of the waning sunlight dazzling and glittering through the tall and slender trees upon its rustic and weather- beaten roof. Here we haltbd. Adjacent to the hut was a small paddock, into which we drove the herd, where they remained safe during the night. Preparations were speedily made by Billy for a com fortable night's lodgings ; huge logs of wood were brought into the hut, and enormous fire kindled; so intense was the heat that I more than once censured Billy for the irrational manner in which he piled on the logs, as the old wooden structure would easily catch fire. After doing justice to a fair repast under the circumstances, shake-downs were made on the floor, into which we cast our fatigued frames with all the grace and dignity of bush men. There is a certain amount of mystery attached to such out-of-the-way places of abode in the bush that invariably excites my curiosity. I had often heard of ghosts and such like, but had never seen any up to the time of my arrival at this deserted dwelling. Who can conceive the train of thoughts that rushes across one's brain as he lays on his back gazing at the dilapidated looking rafters of an old hut, situated in the heart of the bush, witb the feeling that sooner or later he may be disturbed by the mysterious appearance of some great unknown ? The door through which we had en tered was nothing short in appearance of. that which belonged to a humpy long since quitted by some supersti tious tenant, on account of its mysteries ; and the old wooden shut ters, which had closed the apertures of the windows, had been partially rent \- ;, having the interior exposed. _ne walls were cracked and rotten, presenting throughout a ruined and dilapidated appearance. The previous night having been passed in the saddle, I felt more in clined 'to sleep than usual. As I lay I could see the broken indented line of an old brick wall that was once erected to form the farther portion of the hut, but having failed to do its duty, was succeeded by a rude slab one, not quite so high, clearly and.. sharply defined against the starlit sky. Before I fell asleep I observed that the line of wall -and exactly that portion of it that crossed one of the windows-resembled the profile of a human face, and curiously enough, though on a some what gigantic scale, of a face remark. ably like that of a young female. As I gazed with a profound feeling of as tonishment at the strange features, thrown into black relief by the shades of the night, I became so fascinated at the discovery, that long before I had fallen to sleep I gazed and gazed through the darkness till the features engraved themselves upon my memory like those of some familiar, well-known, and well-remembered face. As I wandered away to the land of dreams, -I heard the bellowing of the cattle and the shrill neighing of the horses, caught up by the night breeze and swept away to be the sport of distant mountain echoes. How long I had slept I know not., but about midnight, as I reckoned, I was awakened by the creaking of one wooden shutter that half-closed the aperture at the end of the room. The light wind, eddying round the hut, caught the projecting shutter, and set it creaking on its rusty hinges with such a grating, doleful noise that once I had heard it, I felt that sleep, tired though I was, was out of the question till I had fastened the offending ob ject in such a way that it would be impossible for it to offend any longer. I therefore at once rose for the pur pose of securing it. but before doing so I looked out upon the night. A waning moon that was just rising threw little or no light upon the scene around me; but the stars, set in the deep blue enamel of the Heaven, were everywhere in their most brilliant array. Looking about me, the mas sirve follage of the ponderous trees beyond appeared dark, solid, and sombre against the midnight sky. From my companion Billy, who lay stretched like a corpse ensconced in his dark blue blankets by the fire, my gaze wandered to the top of the old ruined wall. Then, as amatter of course, as I bethought me of the outline of the face that I had seen before I fell asleep, I commenced to lodk for the, to me, well-known features so fancifully formed by the accidents of ruin and decay.. But, strange to relate, I could see nowhere that for which I looked. No profile of a face, or that resembling it, was visible. Do what I would, my eye seemed spontaneously oever to come back and rest upon a certain pro jection or rise which looked so black, still and dark, that it appeared as if of a piece with the wall itself. But, in a few minutes, by dint of anxious and attentive observation, I satisfied myself that this projection was the object that marred the fancied beauty of the pro file that' I had gazed upon as I fell asleep. For, separating in my mind's eye from the wall, the features such as I remembered them became at once distinct and traceable as they had been before. This projec tion, then, was something new, as something on the wall or of the wall that had not existed during the early hours of the night. Of this I had not the least doubt. For when I recalled to mind and traced the fea tures such as I had seen them a few hours previous, I, as Ihave said before. recognised them again; only justwhcr , the short upper lip of the profile had dipped into a somewhat graceful curve, there now uprose soimething-what, it was impossible to discern-but some. tling tLat looked as if one piece with the wall, so black and motionless did it appear against the sky. Looking at it again and again, it seemed to me to assume the shape and dimensions of a hooded human figure. Once this imw pression had taken :possession of me, it made me feel intensely uncomfort able ; for I could not divest myself of the idea that from the seemingly immovable object above a pair of human eyes was fixed intent upon my movements. This supposed presence of a silent midnight watcher within a few paces of.my head, so troubled and perturbed me, that I was determined I would satisfy myself whether or not I was right in my conjecture. I thereforo placed myself against the side of the window, so as to bring a star to touch the outline of the object. In the position I had placed myself, I knew that its slightest motion would become immediately apparent to the eye. How long I watched I know not, but second succeeded second, minute followed minute, and still so perfectly motionless and quiet did the dark object remain; that I began to think my sight had played me some trick, and that the fancied profile was merely the baseless fabric of some waking dream. Then again it was hard to make myself believe this, for the re mainder of the features I could dis. tinctly trace. As I felt that lying down to sleep was out of the ques tion while this strange thing was brooding above, between me and the starlight, I stepped across the room to whlre " Billy" was sleeping, intent on waking him up to help in working out the mystery. When I had turned my back on the object, as if by magic I fancied I heard the sounds of quickly-retreating hurried steps, and then all was silent and still again. I listened in vain for several minutes to catch some sounds that might betray the farther movements of this strange night visitor. I heard nought save the hoot of an owl, whose sudden and piercing shriek, "making night hideous," sounded likethe cry of some suffering wretch doomed to everlast ing torture and perdition. I hurriedly woke my companion, who, upon hearingmy story, trembled from nead to foot, exclaiming in broken English,--'Bail me see 'em. Devil devil come along .a roof. We cleai out now, leave 'em hut, too many devil devil." Do you think I could restore that blackfellow's self possession? Not I. So superstitious are the race that Billy would not retire to rest again that night, but sat up alongside the fire until long after day light. We heard nothing further than a few hideous sepulchral sounds, which appeared to emanate from beneath the chimney. The following iorn ing we made an early start, and it was long after midday when we came upon three or four rough looking men engaged in fencing in a portion of the station estate. As it was probable they could give me some informatisn respecting the pre vious night's mystery, I felt extremely unwilling to go away without making an effort to learn something of the history of the strange being whose vijit had so perplexed me. After some deliberation I learnt that the object I had seen was "only a ghost"-the spectre of a young woman who had been murdered on the spot some years ago,-and that we were not the only casual tenants who had beheld the pale worn features of this mysterious mid night visitor against the starlit sky. (To be contiued.) 