Tales aaa SfeetcEtea LYMINQTON'S CASHIER i, : ,(By ?the'l'Auth6r:of';''7M;rs. Jerningharn'B ? . V ' ? , 1 'if . ijournal.') ' / -? :'''V: ' ? ' ! OHAPTBE I— LADY FAIELEY. ': ? ' We two walk.iii thoffrasByplaooa, . ?'?.,'. . On oitHor merge of the moonlit flood ; With thp moon's own sadness in our faoes, , . .: 'Whore joy ia withprod, blossom and hud.' \ ' Jean Inqklow. It was ]a pretty breakfast room, filled with pretty things. The pale1 apricot nnlonred will Is hnnp with nioturea. books in the recesses, soft blue draperies round the wind owb, delicate ohina and1 bright silver on' tho table, flowers everywhere, and two discontented looking people eat ing their breakfasts. . They- were both young and good look ing, 'they appeared to have everything that the most exacting or fastidious mor tals could require, and yet they were not happy. The post bad just been brought in; Kir Charles Fairley was reading the newspaper, and hia wife her letters.- He was a tall, dark,., gentlemanly /man; 'arid: she a 'pretty .little : woman'; pro fusiona' of. golden \brown hair.were hid away under her: coquettish' -oap, and a white, foularde pangloia trimmed with pale blue hung gracefully .abdut-her,' and wa«|ually becoming to her face' and her figure. Yet 011 her face was a diBsatisBed complaining expression, and hor husband looked. grave and, even gloomy. ? ? , - ' Shb held two letters, both open, in hor hand, and ,was reading, one. of .them, while the other placed behind it concealed it fr,.m Sir Charlea.' r Arid' while she read her , brows knit anxiously.' together, land/ «hei;)greyr;pale' and'n crimson -by .turns.'1' Then drawing out her handkerchief to hidot.ie movement, sho returned it after a moment to the gaily trimmed pocket butside her' robe; and with'it'th'e letter she hail juat read, keeping the other still open in her hand. '...,, : 'Charles,' she said/ ' Maria tells me that, the amateur theatricals will be better,; than ever this year, and alao that eheia.: to have a stall at, the. Chelsen Bazaar for the|Iuc arable Hospital. Both will come off the week after next. ; You really must take me up to see them.' . , .. . , .. : She 'threw' him the. letter in her hand as she spoke, and to all appearance she had' only juat read it,' and told him about it even while she read ; and . yet that other lay in her packet 'which 'she'' had perused with; so; much, .emotion, and ihid iaway,; ?I ts :-? ........ i ..??:;:;:-? 'I'..:.-. :.r..y. ? 'V v ' r.1.! cannot; Amy,' 'ho (replied,-: 'you;' know I told you I could not. , /You spent tjo much money bef 01 e Easter, and 1 told you we could not go up again.' . . r.: ? 'tt ia so hard,' said Amy, pouting, ?' when , everybody ' is , in town. You; might take me up just for one week, Charles.'1 j ,'? I ?. should like it myself; ; I. have; plenty to do and see there, and I should ineet Jack Clinton, whom I may hot see 'again before he sails for India; but I must content myself with running up for the day now and then. .1 can't affoid to5 take'rooms at a hotel or a house for you,' even for a week,! with' all the 'expenses I kuow it will entail. ' I told you bo, Amy, and 'you agreed ;I was right. 'I; never liave' been in debt; and Inbverwill. 'Yoii can't eat your cake and have it' too! You spent all. the .money before. Easter, and you rau3t be content , to tt ty ; at homo 'now.' '' ' : ' '..'. ' ,' ''.. .,-.'' 1 Large tears gathered in Lady Fairley's, eyea and hunir on their lashes. ' : : ,; . ; ' This is childishj'' he cried impa .tiently, ' to cry because you can't go to a theatre! or a bazaar:' Do 'pray oblige me : by not being so foolish.'' ' ; j Tho ;young 'wife bit ? her lip and ?struggled ; with heri tears ?, ,'I;,never . thought (you ;would: grudge; me \'« kittle' money,' she said...- . .;, .. ...... . . ,. . ? y.-- i 'I do not — you know I do^not/^he. replied ., with emotion ; .' but , Heayetiv knowsl' never thought money would .be7 c'pme'a'questidabetween us. You were Ce'xtrdvfgint, I am. sure,. and must have run up great bills ; but still I did not, and do not know what became' of all the' money' you got' from me — unless 'you play, and God forbid that my wife should be a gainblsr.' 'Mamma, mamma;'1 cried joyous little voices outside, and Lady Fairltiy sprang from her seat as if, glad; of the, inter ruption, dashingaway the; tears from her eyea, and leaving Sir. Charles's last speech, unanswered;-' ;'-'. \\.' ?' . ?'' ' ;',' ?' A charming group' stood at the open French window iooking 'in bri them. A couple of fair, fat, .flaxen- haired,! blue eyed darlings of two' and three years old danced up and down in their ?. eagerness, stretching... out their arms .and calling; ' Mamma, mamma ; ' the' bright sun ahine fell . on . their , pretty . smiling faces and made them beautiful, as sunshine; does make everything that is young, and pure ; standing just behind them, and smiling down on them, , was. a^ slight girl Whom the radiiiit'' light' became even as well as it.did the babies 1: She might not be ;regu,larly,hahdabme perhaps, ..but her large .brilliant eypa, delicate features, and 'soft colouring were very interesting, and -nindi) a lovely whole, in which youth and purity dwelt supreme, in such state as might 'have 'delighted the. heart ' of 'either a Ipoefdr a painter.'.1'. ''l'.'..'.'. \' ?'-'., ,''.i.'l',',f';:- ? j' Bring them in, Lily,' aaiil' her 'mispress;. ..for Lily Deane :-waa nursery governess at Fairley j Park. . ; I, have' said that elie had brilliant eyes.; 'they -were almond-shaped and almost always cast 'downj^wjth the long lashes sweeping over.ythe-sbftly tinted cheek. ^This im parted^ a peculiarly modest and^gentle expression ;t6 the fair young; faco, and. -ffaea cue *lub wt3ru raiauu^xio vyvo wuftou; at, you straight, with an. innpeent fear-; lessness that was bewitching. . j ..;...??, pir ? Charles gave the girl a good humoured nod and kissed the children affectionately. ' ' ; ' Well, I must be off,' he said regret fully, for his face had oleared up a little when the babies, appeared. ' 1 am going into Lichtown to a poor-law meeting, and cannot get home to luncheon, Amy. If you will drive there to 'bring me out, I will walk in.' Again Lady Fairley's brows knit to geuiur m uu uiiAiuua. uuiiap^j iimuuou . 'Ii cannot.'; to-day,' she said, 'my —my head aches. I should be, afraid of the heat ; and— and— I shall be busy in the garden ; I want to give Smithaon siimu orders about the bedding-out. You -had better, ride;' 'I ', ': ' -? «' Ab you pleaae,*' replied. Sir Charles boldly, but-sighing at the same time ;';??' 1, can take care of myself, V I. suppose ;' arid' kisaiug the children again he walked out of the room. ; .... J.Lady Fairley sighed too. She could remember the time, not so very far away either, when he, never left. her.. for an hour without dropping a kiss on her forehead. , They had,1 only been married four years' ' ' ' ; ' '' . The moment he was gone she addressed Miss Deane eagerly,, yet speaking in a .low voice as if afraid of being overheard. - ' i '? Lily,' she cried; '? 1- want ybii to go, up to:Loridon;fdrme by th!e ] 1*15 1 train-;' y.uu can come out by tho 2'45, and I will drive the. pony carriage to . meet. you. It j ou start at . once for the. station you. oau walk there ; you have .more than an hour, and it is only three miles ; I will, go part of the way with'you; and tell you what you are to do,' . Take: the children' to nurse, and wait for mo in the garden ; I will not be two min.utea.' ..,. ?,,.,;, ; ' But I thought you had a headache, dear Lady Fairley,' said Lily Deane, be- ( wildered. :?. -;! ?? ; -.-::?' '' '. .??'..-?;'!' i! ' , 'Never mind my headaoheB;'' cried her mistress, her brows again knitting together in that uncomfortable , manner: that threatened to leave wrinkles before she was thirty ; for Amy Fairley was not more than two-and-twenty 'years ' old,, 'Never1 mind my headaches,' there' ia s imething that must begone, and that Sir Charles must, not know. You must be back before he is, and nobody is to find out that you are ? away ;: so you have to walk in and I will bring ybvi' out.' ..- = Lady Fairley was gone, as ahe apoke, and the 'nursery-governess, surprised and puzzled, took the babies upstairs. That any woman who was as sweetand good and affectionate as her mistress should be ask-; ing her to help her to deceive her husband, did not cross Lily Deane's pure' mind as possible for, a moment.- Some explanation1: there- must be, and it was only because she was not- acquainted with it that the matter bore an equivocal aspect. Sir Charles Fairley's birthday 'wai hot far off, and Lily jumped to the conclusion ? that some pleasant surprise for him was this un known explanation; 'and she will carry it .out even though she has a headache,', said ;the girl, smiling 'softly to herself- as she 1 thought 'how swett a married life like, thatmust be. '? She disposed of the babies, who -kissed and laughed all the time/ and then ran down into the garden, where she was met by Lady Fairley very quickly. :-.; .-.,.?, ,?'? , ?? We must make, haste 'or you will be late,' ,'sh'e aaid ; .''we will; go by the shrubberies and through the wood, vfhioh takes off half a milei;-,-.,and; whatever you ?do you must catch the 2;45 train corning ..home; ''or we shall never get in before 'Sir/ Charles.' ? ; ? ' ' '? '..'' ' ,,',''.'r . ,' ;l;' v 1 Lily Deane gave a' little laugti. ':'' ? ' It is a great secret from Sir .Charles.' Iihave guessed what it is, : Lady - Fairley; it is soiue surprise for-hia birthday.' i ' ,i '?.- Oh yes, of cnurae ; it iBanme surprise for his birthday,' said Lady Fairley, after glancing at her for a moment ; and , then, speaking in rather a hard bitter way, ': What else could it - be ? ; 'and birthday surprises are always such pleasant things, arenot they ?' ., , ..1 ...,;,.;:. ,.,,.?? ''!'. , i ; Lily looked straight at her with two in nicent eyes, not understanding her mean }ti,K- '-''?'? : ,- ' . .';: ?'?' '.'.'. ' ' '.';?' 1 ; ' Now I will tell you, what you are to do, 'said her mistreas. ?'-' Walk from the station Btraight to- Regent-street, and go into Lymington's, the great .shop ^.thnt everybody knows, arid ask to Bpeak to. the ?cashier, and they will sKow you into '.&, little room with a desk and an operi hole in it, at which' hole the cashier's heid ap: peareand he does busiriess with the shop1 through it, bi'.t you are 'toJ go' 'into' the' room and speak to ,him. alone. If they wpn't show you into' itV'give him my card .through the hole— hereiit is; butdon't'let any one .see it except' the ? cashier ; and ithen,- when -you are 'alone with' him, ?*un'd: nobody knows, hand him this box and then; wait to. aee if ho has any. answer to. send.' She, gave her. a small, . square,- i heavy 1 .box, as Bhe spoke, tied! up securely in. thick brown paper. '_ ??'[? ?' . u,':'''i.\' X'f .;, i'D6ri't'let,U out of your MgHt 'or'^yourj hands,' she' said With' ' some excitement; i'|till it passes from your.htnda into his^-J 1 ;'1 will do exactly as'y'ou tell mB,' said' iLily ;:'* but, dear Imdy, Fairley,1 you look' flilBhed'and-tired. I am sure the walk in theisjup (is'fniak)Dgvyour-;;head worse. I shall get on quipker by.myBelf, and I am half afraid !bfbwng-late'f or 'the train. Do 'Ro^hbiineTind rest,,if yott must drive to fetch' me in the afternoon. If you do not keep quiet now you will be ill. You can't thinkihow unlike yourself you look.' The girl spoke quite anxiously, and to her surprise Lady Fairley suddenly kissed her, and then followed her advice and left her, urging her to proceed as quickly as ever she could to the station,' arid saying once more as Bhe pointed to the box, 'Not till it passes frorri your hands to his. Pray remember that !' . '. .'' CHAPTER II, — A LFOKY ACCIDENT. Lily Deane's manner to. her mistress, and her mistress's kiss to Lily Deane, may both seem to the reader to evince more familiarity than usually exists ; be tween people of such very- different ranks of life) but the case was rather a peculiar one. ' '?';? '?' ' .';' ..;?';'?'?' ' ? '?'' '.'',. '' The ; faot ,: is,/ they had known each other before Lady Faiiley's marriage, and that not because. Lily had- fallen in life, but becauae Amy had not risen. / ?'..?',.- ? lAmy / Green's .father- had been. a. re spectable farmer, a uian of means, some where on the borderland between a gen tleman farmer and''a'fartner who could by any means or under any pretences put that.. throeTB.yllabled . word before his ? name. His daughter had received an ex cellent education .at a good (school, arid was fit, as he would say in hia innocent pride, to ,be .'.' anybody's .. wife,'.' ..littlo dreaming ,w;hose wife his Amy was 'really to beco'mei'bf .that'.'.'aaybbdy.' could, in^ elude a man so high up in the scale of 'gentility, as 'a ..baronet. -'? But Mr. Green, met with; trouble and losses of an unex pected arid' distressing kind, arid through them with a worse loss than any other — that of health. He frettedjand pined, his- appetite-failed him, he grew -thin, and at last one bleak March day he caught cold, inflammation of the lungs set' in, arid Amy 'was left ari orphan in poor circumstances, and with only £30 a year to support herself. She obtained without i difficulty a , situation ' aa com-.,, panion to ah old widow lady, a' Mrs':' Triton ; for she was a pretty ladylike girl, nice mannered; well educated, and with plenty, of 'energy and a'desireto' be of use; in the , world. She determined , to do something , for herself . Mrs. .Triton;! was of good rank and : very kind-hearted. She soon treated the interesting girl, yfh'6 :'was a lady 'in' 'every thing, indin'' nothing' more than that she never aspired to.be other thaa a farmer's daughter and a paid companion, more/like a; favourite t relative' than a dependent. Sir Charles ? Fairley was Mrs. Triton's nephew.' 'From .-. t the first day he Baw Amy Green she at- . tracfed him, but 1' do not know whether the attraction would, have, beoorrie irresistible if it had not been for a 1 V;y tumble1 Sir Charle'B had- frorii ' his horse', close to his aunt's house, into which he was naturally brought to bb nursed and taken care of. There was / no.daugerous - illness, only a broken leg and consequent long confinement tu the sofa. Miss Green was, as in duty bound, his companion as much' as his aunt's. ; She read'tohim. sang to ' him, played cheBS with him/ brought him his dinner, waited on him, arid fell in love with him. .But this last aufc did not occur till he had first fallen in love with her,;; and ,on the earliest of , symptoms that .he evinced of doing this, .;' to her credit be it said that she mentioned the. fact that her father was a farmer,, that her relations were hi the i same rank ; : oflife, that in 'Northamptonshire they had not visited at all in the 'county, and '? only-, with : the.:bankers' clerks, ! hotel ;? keepers, wins merchants, i and the ? like lower gentry of 'the 'towri ;J and that ? though her father, at one time was wealthy - and' could'liave left her independent,.' he' ; had had misfortunes, and' died poor, . and . that beyond her salary from Mrs. Triton, she had' only thirty 'pounds' a year of her,,;,1 OWn. ? l-'-'-l'-'i!!'.''-'' ;:!';. !:-?-.:.' : ;i: ??? . ? :' V ! '.Just the sum my poor :father used to give me for, my dress .alone,' ahe added,. ; with a sad, little smile. ., 1 ....; ? i'; ; But Sir Charles haying, begun by ^fallr ,; in? in love with her pretty face and manner, ' only ? fell 'in ' love ' with,;: - her the more': for, 'her simplicity ? and honesty. No one knew better than he that there is nothing so vulgar as pretension of : any kind, and this absence of pretensipn^jfinished.jWhat her hearty kindrieBa arid , sgreeable ways :; had., commenced,' .Before, .Ue'./left his' ' aunt's house, .able once 'more to walk and as active -as everj ? he made ari 'offer 'of ;;: marriago to- his1 aunt's' pretty companion'; --? ;which waB accepted -with gratitu'de'arid ' joy., Mrs. Triton demurred n little and ;, asked- iwhat ty-puld |tho world say/; but Sir. ':, Charles ; replied . he. did not care a rap ;. what the world .said, , for if ever a man stodd'bri'biB own:feet or waB in i position; |1 to: please 'himself in ?matrimony, 'he' was:' that. man. He hart neither father^'Vibr.'.' mother, nor brother,! nor sister-Mn fact, r ;,..,, she herself was his nearest living relative;'' ♦?' and you know, auntie, you are as )fond nf {Amy ae.if she, was your niece ,alr,eady.' ,, .Wh'en' he*. said j'thia |the''pidpl'adyl',kia8ed'.j'i him and admitted it, was (juite ttuj, _ ''' ''' y 'rI have a comfortable income 'and an unencumbered1 '' estate';'11 ho ? 'continued ' :' ., '[ r-/rHare1noVe*.'Kad;a'debt:'to!'t)ie1J-^clrld.^'!r- arid rnever'meaii tb'haye one.' ' 'Amy mKt ''. ' del honourl; to; any position, andja ,giilr;: edu/atedanditrainedasi nhe ihasibeen' in'' t far more likely to enter, in to i my view a ; ;?'. I and carry out my; wishes than one of your I fashionable, extravagant, fine lady wives. I So though I marry, I oonfe»8, because I I have tumbled head- oyer-ears into love, I' I believe, that in malting Amy Green my I wife I am doing the moat sensible, I natural, wisest act that ever man per I formed:' ','...' '/.,, I And so for nearly four years after . his I marriage Sir Charles JFuirley continued I to think. Then clouds arose on the fair. I horizon, differences crept in between hus- ; I band and wife, hasty words were uttered I on both sidoa, perfect happiness melted I away— and all this was caused by money I — money, whioh Lady Fairley was for I ever asking from her husband. Sir I Charles was a man who was liberal with I out being extravagant. Ho was one of I those huabanda ^ho prefer p'aying their I wives' bills' to giving' them a fixed allow I anise: This idea was founded on a I romantic, not an economic basis. He I thought husband and wife should be one I and not .have separate interests, and that, the wife Bhould come to the husband for all. she required.. He gave a liberal allowance', for housekeeping, but- not. enough to! ^enable a saving housewife-to |f make a private purse out of it for herself \- (a most uncomfortable arrangement per mitted , in some families - generally , with direful results). He liked to see : his wife well dressed, he allowed her every indulgence: and luxury ' that a reasonable woman could require, and let her have always1 a ? few pounds in her, purse. ;for I occasional expenses. For nearly four i years. Amy Fnirley revelled and delighted1' , I in her husband's' kindrieBB, ;and ' appeared. I to;be the happiest and most contented of . I women. '.Then the change; I have described I began, aridity little and little had become ' so, great,' that' in the spring before the . June in |Which my story opens Sir Charles had refused to,pay, any. more bills or. give any, more, money for . unexplained, pur poses jjand at last, driven ? to find some reason for such unaccountable extrava gance, had accused his wife of having taken to ; play,' a charge ? which was not ! denied,' though 'Amy left the room in : tears-whenhe made it. He broke up the London establishment at Easter, which occurred late that year in the end of j April, nor did. they return to Eaton Square 'after the holidays Were over, and. their' tete-a-tete at Fairley Park was by no means the lover-like and happy one that it had hitherto been.- , A'cloud had risen up between them, and alas! clouds like those arise more easily than they disperse. CHAPTRR III. — LVMINGTON'S CASHIER.' ? . ' Now ua if brought from diatantaphereB, ' Familiar ao if ' known' for years.' ? ' ' ' , ^ ? , . ??' — SOUTHET.; ; Lily Dearie and Amy Green,, had:- been friends.as children. Lily's father. rwas -a .! poor man ; he was a clerk in a bank at II N ? -, and on seventy pounds a year l| kept a wife and three children. He, had i I no pretensions to even that place in the social, scale that the well-to-do farmer James Green occupied, but the two men had been at the Bame Bchool as boys, and kept up an acquaintance as long as Green lived; -I am not sure whether their wives visited. ,i'I rather think ]not. Mrs. Deane was toopoprand ; too busy 'to pay visits,' and 'Mrs.';Green was an'invalid for some' years previous to her . death, whioh occurred before Amy.' grew up ; but the children ' played together and Lily knew no greater treat than to leave ? the ,'littla ? poking lodging in . the dismal'! Btireet' in N— — and spend a long summer's day at the pleasant farm house, where, Amy lived. .-? When Lily .was twelve,, and. her. friend, two years older, Mr. Dcari-got ,.a situation in a'branchof the, {bank. an another town, with a' slight increase of salary ; and from that day the t wo. families lost ^sieht of: each other, though:the men met now and then by accident, and were always glad of a chat together.!: Then came Mr; Green's death and the change in his daughter's circum stances, and then the Btill greater change brought about by her marriage.- Nor did Amy hear or know anything of her for mer friend,- till inquiring at an institution for' a ' nursery-governess' of the highest character and nicest manners 'for her two bits of babies, a girl was sent to her who turned put to be her .old playmate, Lily Deane, and who since then had found' the happiest of homes- at Fairley Park. . Of course, the governesBing was nothing' at present,- but Lady ?'? Fairley preferred a1 governess ?? to a maid as her children's companion, iand the Teal nurse who had' the sole ? charge' of 'the baby boy, ' the future ? 'baronet; ', was :, a .much .grander personage rthan simple, .pretty,' modeBt, Lily'De'Arie. ''':'r '' ' ',,, '.' -V .',':' ,,' ; ' . Andi-now::Lily, :with isthe mallheavy square -box in her. hands, was walking I very rapidly towards the: station, ufraid ! ' of .losing 'the train and not. caring | how- -j. hot ; it was, : or How' much' she'11 tired— herself, as 'long as lah'e was' able to ''perform her' mistress's behest. She ' ?? wasil(only '. just in 'time to ' get her '. second-claes return '.ticket and take, her; place' ' in ','the, carriage,! before .qhe, ,was whirled'oflf.to London. .Then she breathed! freely,', and! rejoiced that . her ; labour had - not'iboen in ..vain'.' ,. As the train rushedi out.of^tlie^statioi),, she was, surprised* to i Bee Sir Charles standing on the platform; I He , was ta.lk.ing; to .-another.. gentleman,'' and.ahe.ff.a3 juat thinking -how 'narrow an escape she had had of being discovered ! and/, Lady ?Fairley'a loving litiile plot' defeatedjivwheii --he^-iur'ned ^his^'aead' towards the carriage, and it appeared to her as if their eyeB met in an electric Hash of recognition. She hastily pulled her veil down,' though a moment's thought told her that the aot was a foolish one'; if he had recognised the evil was done, and her veil did not cover her face till after she had passed out of hin sight. When she arrived in London she was no longer , in a' hurry, as there was plenty of time for all she had to do, and alao for her to get her luncheon, .at the confec tioner's to whioh Lady Fairley had directed her to go for that purpose, before the 2 '45 train could convey her homo again. She walked quietly to Lyming ton'a, where, when in London, Bhe had sometimes made purchases for her mis tress, and knowing the cashier's hole quite well, though not the cashier's name, went straight up to it and addressed him— ' Could 1 speak to you for a moment inside, sir.' ' I think not, ma'am ; businesi is ganerally transacted through this hole in the wall:''' She handed him her mistress's card in silence. ''','...'? 'My goodness gracious me !' said the oashier, as he read it. ' lam sure I beg your ladyship's pardon ten thousand times over. .. .Walk in, pray :, walk in,' disap pearing' from .his hole and,: opening the door for her. - ; 'I wish I' had better accommodation to offer you for both our s'akeB- — I do indeed. -Tib a poor thing, yet all my otrn ; and Jperhaps it is a duchess I have the honour of addres sing;?'1 ::.-- ? ?'. ?:??[*? :, !' !,\'.' :: There was 'something ironical ,in the; man's manner, with all this. ' flourish, and, , appearance of resp'eot, th'at'Iiily ' did ' hot like : and she raised her modest downcast eyes, and looked straight at him in that innocent fearless way of hers 1 have de scribed; , His,, bright with an expression, half sneering, half, anxious, actually fell before her gaze. ..: ? i He was a man of about six-and-twenty years of age, with a handsome, very pale face, surmounted aad surrounded by black hair ; his eyes ware dark and piercing, and looked all the more so from the white ness of his (face, or paleness rather ; for .the complexion was dark, though it looked white when contrasted with all that black .hairarid'beara: ' ,..,.? . ' , -, She answered him in a little composed 'manner that was peculiar to her — ?'. 'lam ,Lidy Fairloy's nurserygover ness.' '''' ; ? ? i His. manner. changed, suddenly becom ing respectful. . - , , .' I beg your pardon,' he said seriously and quietly. ' Pray sit down. You have ? some message or. letter perhaps V ' 'I have this; parcel,' she replied, ' which my miBtresa asked me to give 'you.' '? ??' -????: . ;: He looked earnestly at her. ' Your mistress,' he said ; .' she is your mistress 1' As he bent his bright eyes so earnestly upon her, a strange, uncomfortable feel ing that she had seen him before ; that his face, , or some face like his, had once been' familiar to her, seized hold of Lily in its disagreeable grasp ; for I- hardly know a small worry — I .think more disagreeable— than that fancy one sometimes has, that a face one must, be looking at for the first time has been once familiar, and ought to be known to one now. She handed him the box as she spoke ; ho almost let it drop, not expecting from its size that it would possess so much weight. 'Take care,' she said, helping him to save it; arid as she did so their hands! met arid touched, 'it is heavy.' She, withdrew her hand hastily, as . it touched his, and for. some reason she did not understand looked at him acain as she did so ; and^again she felt certain that she knew his face— that they, had met before. When and where could it have been 1 Not here, she was .'convinced, and not recently. It was somn vision from the dis tant past, some ghost of far-off days that returned to ' her, loudly calling on her to give it a name. He balanced the box carelessly on ' his fingers.1 'Yes, by Jove!' he said, 'it is heavy.' 'Will you be. bo good as to tell me if there is any answer 1' she asked, in a quiet repressive manner, for she thought his way rather too familiar. , ' 'Tobe sure,' ho answered ; and juat then a question called him to his hole, and he had for some minutes to attend to business. Lily began to get tired of her position, : shut up in a room hardly bigger , than a box' with this man of strange appearance, stranger manners/ and haunting yet hew face. ;,' I can't open it here/' he. cried, re turning to her ;' ' but it is dinner-time, and! have an hour to myself. I. will go to a coffee-house, close by, .where I dine,, and there, I can see what I am to do. Where are you going— is there anywhere I can find you with my.answer?' . She gave him the address of the con fectioner's ' in a neighbouring street, where, Lady Fairley; had advised her to lunch. ,-,j..,i.. .-.;. ?: ??'?; ? : ' ..??'? ? ' ??? :' ' .,,!'{ I shall ' be there : for an'hour,' she BBid._ ' ????'/??''''?'-- ': ''Vi' ' He.noddedj:and, openint;-' the door of his box for her, ?lethe'r'oiut,1 following1 her 'into* 'jthBJ'atre'et '.through ' the shop.,' ' \'I hope Lady Fairley' is coming up to town, next week ?' he said. 'I don't, know,' replied Lily Bur prised, arid, after a moment's reflection, added, ' No— T think not ; I have heard nothing like it.' . 'Please toll her that she must come up. Whatever else I may have to say when I have opened this box, there is no doubt that I shall Bay that.' ' Very well,' replied Lily, coldly, ' I am her meaannger, and of course shall give her whatever message you send.' She did not like the man, and she did not like his manner, and, though her words were, civil, there was perhaps a little tone of defiance in her voice. His ear was sensitive, and he caught it at once. 'You know nothing about it, I sup pose V he said in a tone of inquiry. ? ' About what?' she answered, coldly. ' Your errand, this box, my letter?' : 'Nothing whatever ; and I will be. obliged to you if you will take care that I learn nothing. Whatever Lady Fairley wishes me to.koow she will tell me her-: Belf.' ...... '-.- '????'? , 'Don'fcibe alarmed,'1 he cried, affronted, ' it is not a matter in which I am likely to be making confidences.' Arid he laughed, as it seemed to her bitterly. Lily did not like the affair at all. She wished Lady Fairley had. mot sent her ; she oould not understand' the man's man ner, and she felt indescribably relieved when they reached the confectioner's' for which she was bound, and he took leave of her. She wished very much that he was not to, return, that she need not talk to. him again ; and. yet :she, felt a sort of odd interest in him, Bhe could not tell why,., and she was angry with herself .for, feeling it. Well, ahe was not in the habit' of making mountains out of molehills, and worrying herself about nothing, bo she would riot do so now ; forming this good resolution within herself, she took asoat at one of the little marble tables, asked for some soup and ate it with appe tite. Nor did 8he at all object to the Bath buns with which she finished her meal, for Lily was still young enough to '.'.' have a well developed taste for cakes. She kept her thoughts in tolerable subjection while thus employed, but when she had no longer anything to do but to wait for Lyrnington'e cashier, she began again to; wonder. What could Lady Fairley have sent her to London for, on a mysterious errand to this disagreeable; man ? And yet, was he disagreeable 1 : What- fight had Bhe to call him so ? What, had he done? He had a handsome white face, and he had been quite civil to her as soon, as he heard she was a.nursery governess;, but his manner had certainly been unusual, and he had asked her in a queer way if Bhe knew what she had come about? And his letter? And the box..1! And his laugh had been bitter, and she thought there was a daah of recklessness in his manner when he said he was not likely to make confidences. What could a manner like that have to do with a pleasant sur prise from his wife to Sir Charles Fairley on his birthday ? And then oddest, and perhaps most disagreeable, part of all wai the haunting feeling that his face was not unknown to her, or that if his face was, his eyes were not ; certainly when she looked straight into his eyes she recog nised somebody. But that must bo non sense, and she would think no more about it for probably when he came back here, Bhe would not experience the feeling again ; it had been purely accidental, and she Bhould know that he was a total stranger. She glanced at her watch, and was glad to see how late it was. He would come back soon, and just giva his message and then go away, and she should see no more' of him. Perhaps Lady Fairley would explain everything to her as they drove back to Fairley Park. She examined her watch again, and saw that if he did not come directly she Bhould have to leave the shop without seeing him or she would not be in time for the train, and as she did so he walked in at the door. ...'-.. He looked about him, their eyes met, . and never had that unpleasant sensation of recognition without recognising boBn so strong within her as then. She could havo boat herself for the start it gave her, and the way in which her heart quickened its pulses. He walked briskly up to her. ' You will be late for your train,' he cried ; 'make haste!' ' 'Of course, I waited till the last mo ment' as you did not come,' she observed resentfully.' ' His mariner had the Bame effect as before, stirring, up a spirit of re-, sistance within her. ' Give . me your message, please.' , 'Come along,' he said ; 'you have not a minute— I will walk, to , the station with you.'. ;....,'-. She was sorry but she could not help herself, and went quickly, and silently away. He accompanied her as silent as she was. Wonld he never speak ? Would he nover give his message ?' ; [ ' If you will tell me what I am to say to Lady Fairley I need not detain you,' she said with a cold politeness. ' ; ' You are not detaining me,' he replied, ?as cold and polite as herself, but she could not help thinking ..with ? an.', undercurrent of irony ithrough - his .mariner.! ! But ', yrity.. should he.be ironical ,tp..her? What ,vf.as,, there to, be, ironical about,?, Her. spirit, rose, and. though! she,, was- a. very, gentle, quiet young jady; ' she somehow .felt her self put on her mettle now. ( ' What I mean is,' she said, ' that I would rather be alone. I had rather that you would kindly give your message and then leave me; we are strangers, you know.' . But oven as she spoke, that uncomfort able feeling that they were not strangers ;came vividly over her,and almost stopped 'the words as if they were not true ; she was afraid also of being rude and too repelling, and the last sontence was said in an almost deprecating way that made her oornpanion smile. She had very pretty manners, this Lily Deane, a sweet, innocent, gentle way of saying things, whioh Biiited both the modest downcast eyes, and the straight fearless glance of them when their lids were raised. ' Well, you see,' ho said, ' it is rather unlucky, then ; but I have to go to the station too, and I can't wait while you get on a bit first ; and you had bettor not wait till I get on a bit firat, because there is baroly time to save the train, and bo that being the case we have to occupy tho Queen'B highway at the same time — cross- ings are disagreeable — I'm not going ovor to the other side, and I don't advise you.' ? 'I beg your pardon,' she replied meekly, ' I did not understand.' ; And then she walked steadily on, and', opened not her lips to say another word. ' ; For a few mihutea he followed her ex ample, but his voice socn sounded again in her ear. ', 'Is Lady Fairley quite, well ?' ',' Quite well, thank you.' ' She has two children, I think ?' ' No, three.' ? 'Oh, to be auroyr had forgotten the boy.' . ? ' '? Quite startled, iLily- turned her head and looked at him. What could he know about the boy or - the girls either, for that matter. ? , ' He was walking on, his hands thrust down deep into his trousers pockets, his eyes looking straight before him. Evi dently he was not thinking of her, or talking in any way for effect. She said nothing, and resolved that, unless he asked her a question, she would say nothing. She did not feel herself in the loaBt called upon to make conversa tion for Lymirigton's cashier. Nor, although the next words he spoke were a question, did she feel inclined to reply to it. ' What sort of a fine gentleman is Sir Charlos Fairley ?' With a great emphasis on the u, and that same slight ironical tone that had offended her before. ! She would not tell him what she thought of Sir CharleB. She would not discuss his character with him any more than she would Lady Fairley 's, if he tried that next ; so ahe bit her lip, quickened her pace, and held her tongue. ''Hey!' was the next thing he said, with sharp inquiry, as if reminding her that he was waiting for an answer to his question. ; Still she said nothing. ; (To be continued.) 