It is not altogether an unprofitable occupation to listen to what others at a distance have to say about us, or to see ourselves as others see us. The colo nists of Australasia have been afforded this opportunity recently on the annexa- tion and federation question, on which all-absorbing topic the English mind has been unwontedly exercised duriug the last month or two. Even the refri gerating, yet high-handed, attitude of Lord Derby is visibly toning down. His ultra-Conservatism naturally led him to look upon the proposition askantly, and to review our position of self-assertiveness as something akin to that of the spirited young blood who is for the first time feeling his feet and, by sundry insignificaut antics, proclaiming aloud the fact that he is no longer the adolescent sprig he was considered to be a year or two ago, but is now a full blown specimen of the tree of humanity. And yet a little reflection wiil serve to show that there is, after all, nothing so very premature nor so extraordinary about the desire of the colonists for a recognition which jphould concede to them the right of being the best judges as to what is ipost suitable for" their nascent state of existence. If the colonists after a century— dt is getting on that way with the elder of them—are incapable of setting up housekeeping for themselves, then it is quite time the leading- strings were out asunder, and that they should essay the task of work ing out their own destiny for themselves. But it is quite possible that the anti quated traditions of the men of the old Conservative school — men, it must be admitted, who have done good work in their day for the maintenance of the national prestige— have somewhat ob scured the opacity of their mental vision. They have hardly yet, it seems, aroused themselves to the full realisation of the fact that the Australasian Colonies have at the present moment an aggre gate population as large as the United States of America possessed when they began nationalisation on their own account. (Jertainly, in the matter of bone and sinew, and the sources of mental and material wealth, as well as in all the elements which are calculated to make a nation great, it canuot be denied that Australasia is wanting. It has been esti mated that another half oentury at the same rate of progression as that which has characterised our growth iu the past will witness us with, a population of twenty millions of people and a collective revenue of fifty millions sterling ! These are prospective postulates that may be regarded in the light of things that are actual unless some unforeseen catas trophe occurs to throw us back half a century, Viewed by the light of such proximate possibilities it is now no wonder that the London Spectator and journals of its enlightened class should grasp the situatiou, and express the belief that such a republic, "inhabited by vigorous and prosperous Englishmen accustomed to freedom and maritime enterprise will, unquestionably, from its geographical position, maintain a power ful fleet, and will be able to possess itself, if it pleases, of the whole 3outh Facihc." Here, then, is conceded at ouce all, and even more, than the colonies had in their wildest flights of imagina tiveness ever contended for. And so our contemporary proceeds to observe that "neither France nor any other Great Power would dream of fighting Australia in these waters, and for any power to settle there would be to court ultimate defeat." This is a specimen of the more liberal and advanced of English public opinion regarding the future of Australasia. There can hardly, we think, in the face of such distinot and representative utterances as these, be a doubt that the dilly-dallying policy which has up to the present time dis tinguished the Colonial Office on this question will have to go by the board, and give place to one of greater breadth of view. The bald fact must be realised that the Anglo-Saxon is virtually in possession in the Southern Hemisphere, and that New Guinea and the inclusion of the greater part of the New Hebrides will ultimately fall within the lines of Australian domination. It is not at all likely that a young and vigorous nation like that of the future Australian Do minion will meekly and passively sub mit to the conversion of these southern regions into receptacles f.>r the very worst and the most dangerous of the criminal classes in Europe. Lord Lorne, the late Governor-General of Canada, has been opening the eyes of British statesmen on this and other cognate points. He has been addressing the Colonial Institute on the subject and pointing out the magnitude of the Canadian and Australian Dominions. He reckons that within the lifetime of men of the present generation our num bers will equal those of Great Britain. Lord Derby, it would thus appear, will be compelled to hark back, for it is hardly likely that the vast iuterests at stake will be sacrificed and the colonies kept back simply because His Lordship cannot realise a great and tangible fact. It is, however, to be sincerely hoped that the counsels of the colonies will be tempered with wisdom and moderation, and that no overt step will weaken or destroy the strong bond of sympathy and uniou which it were advantageous for all should exist between English- speaking countries in both hemispheres. But we may venture to express the be lief that each succeeding English mail will convey to us a recognition ai the principle of federation in which is en veloped our future greatness as a na tion. A debate; has taken plac in the House of Lords on the Egyptian question. Admiral Hewitt has been ordered to re lieve the garrison of Tokar if possible, and to undertake the necessary mea sures for that purpose. Perhaps it may allay the suspicion of the Great Powers to learn, on tue assurauoe of Lord Gren- ville to the House, that it is not the iu- teutipn of Her Majesty's Government to annex Egypt, but that they would retain control over the country until stability was again restored. It was in tended to appoiut a first-rate man to re present Eugland at Cairo, and sufficient men would be recommended for appoint ment by the Government to the various responsible civil and military positions iu the country. Lord Salisbury's motion to the effect that the recent disasters iu the Soudan are distinctly traceable to the wavering policy of the English Go vernment, was, we learn from the tele grams, debated in the House of Lords uu Tuesday night, and was eventually carried by a majority of 100 votes. Mr Gladstone stated that 4,000 troops had been ordered to pmoeed to Saukim, aud that Lord Wolseley had telegraphed to Lieut-General Stephenson, commanding at Cairo, to dispatch Mfljor General Sir G. Graham with a portion of the garri son for the relief of the besieged garri son at Tokar. It is evident that Egyp tian affairs are occupying a promiuent position at Home, and that the Govern ment are waking up to the serious gravity of the situation. Since the above was written the following regiments have received orders to proceed from Cairo to Saukim without delay First Bat talion Royal. Highlanders (Black Watch), 3rd Battalion King's and Royal llifle Corps, 1st Battalion Gordou Highlanders, and the 19th Hussars. The British garrison at Alexandria will proceed to Cairo and will be replaced by sailors drafted from the Mediter ranean squadron. The local letter-carrier at Avoca had a pretty good time of it on Thursday, and might have been seen struggling under an enormous load of valentines. Flaxen- haired heads and those of the rich brunette, with handsome faces to match, were to be seen at the windows and doors of numerous dwellings as be made his house-to- house visitation, and not unfrequently smole he a smile as he handed some fair recipient the coveted and long-wished-for missive. And yet he was not happy ! for was lie not the compulsory hearer of so many delusive epistles to the young and unwary of both sexes? — the harbinger of messages of love destined never to he realised ? True there was a per contra account — another and a brighter picture, at least in one instance. In this instance the poet's aspiration was fulfilled to the letter — " Two souls with but a single thought Two hearts that beat as oue," or, as our wayward printer's devil had put it actually together in type — " Two souls with both a shingle short Two tarts and ne'er a plum J" Altogether, some three hundred valentiues passed through the local post office yester day, and still they come ! We learn that Mr. Edwin Glover, of Moonauibel, will succeed Mr. w. ii. Smith in the tenancy of the Avoca Hotel, and that he will take possession on Monday. March 31\. The event is one, locally speaking, of almost historical interest on account of the great length of time the hotel has been associated with the name of the present oc cupants, the head of whom — the late Mr. j. b. Smith — built the establishment. a robbery from a miner's hut occurred at Homebush a short time since belongiug to a man named Mr m'Donald. The tenement was broken open during his absence, and a sum of £3 10s abstracted from under his pillow. The belief is entertained that the delinquent is no stranger, but some one well acquainted with Mr m'Donald's habits. It is to be hoped that the robbery will be sheeted home to the guilty party. The miners of Laiuplough are informed that a polling booth in connection with the impending divisional elections for the Mary borough Mining Board will, as usual, be provided at the Clare Castle Hotel, Lam- plough. Our Moonambel correspondent writes that a good deal of amusement was caused at the Local Land Board on Tuesday last. An applicant was asked the customary question as to whether he had ever selected before, and in a nonchalant manner that was devoid of the ghost of a smile, replied in the affirmative — that he had selected an allotment of 6 x3. " Where is the locality of your selection?" asked the unsuspecting Chairman. "In the Moonambel Cemetery, Sir," was the " grave" reply. The appli cant was told that he could take the allot ment and stand down. Our Percydale correspondent writes : Since my last report several holes have been bottomed on the rush lower down, without getting a prospect of any conse quence. Messrs Simmons and Sims got what is supposed to be false bottom, butas no prospect was obtained they abandoned their claim. The only gold got in the new ground was from the claims of Lyons and Marchand ; both gave the same yield, ldwt. lSgrs. from 2 loads of dirt. Beturns to baud from the Golden Stream, Avoca, show that au improvement has taken place in the yield for the week, which was lOIoz. The tributes gave — No. 1, lOoz. ; No. 2, -4oz. ; No. 4, 602. On Wednesday 13oz. were obtained, and on Thursday 8oz. for the Golden Stream Company. As the time approaches the miners of the district are taking more interest in the ap proaching Mining Board elections, which occur on the 23rd of the present month. There are many important subjects in con nection with this interest that might be dis cussed in public with advantage, and were a public meeting held it is possible that some additional light might be thrown on the causes which so often through negli gence lead to the destruction of so many valuable lives, desolating the domestic eircle, and horrifying the general community. The 29th instant, it should be noted is the last day for receiving tenders for the renting of an extensive and well- watered farm, with dwelling house and outbuildings at Redbank. Tenders are to be sent to Mr John Wass, Bed bank, or to Mr j. f. Paten, from whom full particulars can be ob tained, Mr Jno, f. Paten will conduct an impor tant sale to-morrow of cattle, sheep, farming implements, furniture, &o.;, at the farm of Mr Thos. Broughton, who is leaving the district for Melbourne. The farm is about two miles from the township of Moonambel on the Landsborough road. The sale, which is to commenoe at one o'clock, will be both extensive and varied in character, and canuot fail to afford a rare opportunity to farmers and others to acquire many agricul tural requisites only to be obtained on the occasion of a sale of such a character. Unpaid accounts are lying at th9 Sub- Treasury, Avoca, as under : — w. Good- shaw, j. McKinnon, e. McKinnon, s. Brickley, k- Kjellgren, d. Scott, and j. Dournein. The fruit crop this year appears to be extraordinarily prolific, if not superabun dant in this district. Apples have been sold at yd per ib. or 48lbs for a shilling, though this is probably au exceptional case ; plums, peaches and pears being also re markably cheap. Now would appear to be the time for fruit preserving for the ensuing summer. The Maryborough Assize Court com menced its sittings to-day before Mr Justice Higvubotham. Amongst the cases on\the calendar was thatof Henry Sproston, charged with stealing a letter, the property of the Postmaster General. Mr a. King, iron merchant and importer of English, American, and continental hard ware, 14 Bridge-street, Ballarat. elsewhere directs attention to the nature of his cheap and well-assorted stock of ironmongery, electro- plated ware, &c.;, and of guns by the best makers. The officers of the accountant's branch of the Railway department Melbourne, took occasion on Wednesday to express their appreciation of Mr. a. d. c. Cadwallader, a clerk iu the department, who has recently entered the married state, by presenting- him with a valuable mantel piece clock, set in a beautifully-ornameuted black marbel frame. Mr. Cadwallader's wife is the niece of Mr, and Mrs. Sweet, of Avoca. The ex-Mayor of Dunolly, Mr w. f, Tatchpll, leaves tiiis wpek for England on. a six months' tour for the benefit of his health. He was entertained at a de jeuner prior to his departure. The successor to Mr m'Namara, late in spector of permanent ways between Balla rat, Avoca and Maryborough, is Mr Richmond, who, we understand, comes from Kerang. The Melbourne newspapers of the' 9th and 13th iust. contain particulars of s local option prize essay competition in connec tion with the Victoria Alliance. Mr Phillip Russell, m.l.c., has given the sum of £25 to the Committee of the Alliance, for the purpose of the competition, and the gift has been supplemented by an equal sum from an unknown contributor.. Prizes for the three best essays upon the subject are offered as follow : — First prize, £25. ; second, £15 ; and third, £10. The competition is open to all residents of Victoria born in the colony. Essays must not exceed 7000 words and must be sent (under a nom de plume) to Mr John Vale, Temperance Hall, Melbourne, on or before the 10th of next May. The Maryborough Advertiser reports the following case as having been adjudicated by Mr. c. w. Carr, p.m., at the Mary borough Police Court on Tuesday, — Youl- don v. Kennedy : This was a charge of assault, committed at the Bull and Mouth Hotel on Saturday night, but plaintiff did not appear. Sergeant Sherson said defen dant was in the custody of the police, and the case accordingly proceeded. From the evidence of Constable Dunn it appeared that a dispute occurred amongst some young men, including defendant, in the hotel, whereupon the plaiutiff took the constable into the house to quell the dis turbance, and threatened to give the defen dant into custody. This annoyed defendant, who assaulted plaintiff more than once in the constable's presence, at last attempting to strike him with a whip. Defendant said he was sorry for what had occurred, and had acted under the exasperation caused by the threat of being given in charge iu his own house. Fined 20s. Mr. b. Hepburn, of Ballarat, has given £100 to the spire fund of Sc. Andrew's Church in that city. Mr. Adamson, of Maryborough has re tired from the Maryborough Counoil, and intends paying a second visit to England. The Rome correspondent of the Morning Post, says the Age, telegraphs : — " i under stand that the Pope's Secretary, Monsignor Booralli, opened a letter from America ad dressed to Leo xiii., containing Fenian threats should the pope continue to support England against the National cause in Ireland. The letter, i am informed, states that the protection which the Italian Go vernment gives to the Pope, who is now the only Sovereign who is safe from dynamite, will be of no use. The Pope is warned that there are priests whom the head of the church is bound to receive, who will find access to his presence and will sustain the cause of Irish oppression." The Blue Ribbou Army at Maryborough appears to be in healthy existence. The meetings are well attended, and frequently presided prer by the Mayor, mr j. b. Stamp. 