'JACK,;',; A ROMANCE OF A STATION. By Francis J. Dosohue. A quiet afternoon in a quiet suburb of Sydney. ' ? The weather warm— sultry even ; no one visible, — probably asleep, as the olosed win dow shutters beyond thoso cool-looking gardens seem to betoken. A stray dog, dreamily agitating with half olosed eyes on some abstract question of canine sociology or politics, is too lazv or too muoh overcome by the heat even to wag his tail. Evidently his mental exeroises are not vigorous; and the pet problem of canine sociology is not yet approaohing its solution. But what of that ? The weather is warm. Et le diable est marl ! We are standing just at the extremity of one of those pleasant points — Darling Point, this ono — that fringe Sydney harbour. The Bun-kissed water is visible through tho treeB just below. The houses hereabouts — man- sions rather — aro evidently tho dwellings of people of substance, and the' smooth carriage drives and nicely-trimmed lawns are as sug gestive of wealth as the former are of luxurious ease or the latter of lawn-tennis or pleasant garden parties. A- faint suspicion of faintest breeze all but ripples the placid surface of tho sheeny wave lets that lap tho white sand beneath the foliage fringing the shore, and it just moves into a lisping susuriue the leaves that rest, as it were, on the high wall that rises beside us as we stand. j' A high wall, enclosing an emirtHStly 're- spectable ' house. A brass door-plate— ugh I An inscription, ' Seminary for Young Ladies.' Of course I Have any of my readers ever seen an es tablishment of the kind without a high wall; or a brass door-plate, or a freezingly 're- spectable ' appearanco, or — may I add— Venetian blinds ? A briskly- approaching vohiclo breaks tho stillness. The rattle of a cab. It approaches i — stops. An aotivo figure springs out, rings, and passes within — passes into the eminently ' respectable ' house with tho high wall and tho door p'ato. Prosently ho emerges, and not alone. Himself and his companion dis appear into tho oab whioh has waitod, and now rattleB off. His companion is a lady, and young. Pretty also. Wo are interested in that. Let us follow, and and beforo doing so, lot mo quietly and cilmly hasten to disabuse the exoited mind of my reader of any Buspicion of intrigue or mystery in all this. Tho ocourrenco.wo- havo just wit nessed is the moat oommonplaco and prosaio in the world. And yet, ntSE'too commonplace or altogether prosaio either. What though ono of the fair boarders of Harrington Houso Bohool has just left the old school-room under the protection of her father's protaje on her last and endless Christmas vacation, who will say that tlio first step of this fair young maid from tho world of youth and dreams to the world of womanhood and life is not a stop too irretrievable to bo called commonplace, and far too fraught with the poetry of that grand life to be prosaic I A young girl leaving school I Yes, Dolly Pomoroy has just left for the last time the shelter of her Alum mater. Shortly sho will bo on her way to the great station of tlieir grim old father, Gerald Pomoroy, of Wilnagurra, beyond the Liverpool Ranges. Sho will pass her Christmas vacation there, and, after that, she will settle down to tho pitiless humdrum of station life, so oruol to the fresh, society-loving girl. For the last time Bhe has dined and chatted with her envying sohoolmates then — for the last time slept in that quiet old dormitory, with its white rows of snowy beds, that looked so ghost-like in the moonlight, streaming through the window — that window looking over the moonlit water that Dolly likened to 'tho magio casements opening on perilous seas in fnory lands for lorn,' of whioh a romantic temperament and a yonng girl's warm fancy, fed by poets' tales, had taught her. Well, that was all over now, and Dolly had oven bidden farewell to the ogress — i.e., re vered preceptress — and was already rattling briskly enough away from the old school and its associations. And her companion, what of him ? Well, Jack was a handsome young fellow, hand somely drossed in a fashionable suit and hat, and yellows kids, and otceteras in whioh he did not feel quite at home. Yet was ho a handsome, gentlemanly young fellow, with -fair Saxon hair and blue Saxon eyes, and the fresh, healthy breath of the open country about him, and tho firm hand and steady eyo of the man who lias got his station experience and earned it. Slightly touched with the sun too ; but lithe and slim as an acrobat, and olosely knit as platinum wire. Pleasant- faced and soft-voiced too, whon he pleased, as now; and yet with a passing shade of sensual self-esteem and egotism, evon downright shallow selfishness withal. But the observer would nover notice this, as Jack bent kindly over the happy little maiden with tho bright yellow tresses and blue oyes, who laughed back at his own, sit ting by his side. Arthur Allerton, or as his friends called him, for no conceivable reason but the merest whim of caprice, ' Jack.' Allerton was a handsome young fellow as I have already said, — with a history. Very few knew his history. Dolly's father knew it. Dolly did not. Jack's station friends were ignorant of it also, and if tho casual visitor wondered sometimes at the half-familiar terms on whioh this noticeable young boundary rider lived on the station, he soon forgot his wonder at this, in greater amaze at other things. For Pomeroy pi re was an original in his way; but a very grim and stern original it was. And when, unknown to all, Arthur left his old English homo and his Bisters in Greenfield Grange in the shires, and was suddenly missed about the same time from his familiar haunts at tho club and in the Row, — when in Bhort his forgery of his father's signature, to meet his own gambling debts, was detected, and the affair was hushed up, Arthur Allerton's father know that in consigning him to the care of his cousin Gerald Pomeroy far away in the antipodes, in Australia, wasplaoinghis son in a severe school, where the penalty, but not the recollection of his lapse, would follow him. And this was ' Jack's ' history. ' Jack ' ho became, in name and designation, at Wilmagurra, and as ' Jack ' the reader knows him. And so Molly and Jack sped gaily on thoir way. It had been a long and tedious journey ; or, rather, it would have been tedious had not pleasant companionship beguiled the way. Three hundred miles is a long journey to make without railways, and young girls fresh from school are not the best travellers. But then, Dolly was an Australian girl, and a squatter's daughter, and then Jaok was such a pleasant fellow, and his flattery and evidentadmiration wero very pleasing to the young girl fresh from school in the present instance, so that when at last the old homo station of Wilna gurra came in sight, and the familiar objects greeted her again, and her grim progenitor impressed a grim kiss firmly on her flushed 'ohee'jfc— well, by that time Jack and Dolly had (become great friends. Be it noted here too, that before their introduction to tho reader these young people had never seen each other before. D^ly had been at school in Sydney for the lastjihree years, and for a year and a half boforo* that Jack had been far enough away on an out-station, so that they met almost as strangers. Gerald Pomeroy pire, must have been either a very wild or a very sedate person in his youth. Thoro would have been no half measures with such a determined character as his. Now, his demeanor was severe almost to harshness, and his grimnesa only bent in the presence of his child. Sho was like her mother, who was dead. And the memory of her mother was tho bright spot in old Gerald's life— an oasis over green. Theirs had been a romantio courtship, romantio with all tho old grave romance of tho courtly days of Gerald's fathers. But it had its darker scenes, and in these his cousin Arthur's father had figured. But, when at last the former, still a young man, had borne away his prizo to dis tant Australia, and went out into the oountry with the pioneer squatters to hew a new for tune out of this now continent, ho had thrown the past behind him, and left it with its dead Dolly's mother, as I have said, was dead now. Who has not seen those melancholy plots near the old home-stations of the colonies, where the dust of the pioneers is laid? Every sta tion has its littlo necropolis liko this, and that green spot with tho white fence, shaded by two giant oucalypti on the hill yonder, visible from the verandah where Jaok, and Dolly, and her father now stand, is, to the last-named, tho one sacred spot in all the world. And Gerald's idol lived again in his daughter. For some days an unwonted briskness had enlivened the house. The festivo ChriBtmas season was approaching, and the old-oountry traditions of the family had bidden them make ready the festivities of tho time. And, so there was life and bustle about the station, and Dolly's oheery voice and presence, like a ray of sunlight, gladdened and gleamed through tho gloomy rooms, with their old fashioned f urpiture, as tho servants lent them selves to hor inexperienced direotion, until, at last, the day*ms liffon thom. The house, by this time, way full of visitors, for Gerald had departed from his usual oustom to welcome his daughter homo. Tho Australian miBtletoo was hung, oven. Tho Christmas dinner) with i its toastB of Dolly's health, proposed by an K snthusiasMo young squatter from tho country t round, and drunk by all tho young unmarried ;entlcmen of tho district and adjacont town- h ihip, was not gayer or merrier than tho sub- I sequent ball, wliero Dolly danood with most ]f her admirers, but, abovo all, and of truest, with Jaok. _ For a fow woeks after this the festivities nnd mutual visiting continued. But with tho 1- New Year the homo-station ro- settled down t' into its normal placidity, whioh Dolly may S be forgivon for mistaking for dulncss, and !?' then the dull blank level of monotony com- d mcnced. ^With pleasure Gerald had witnessed his d dSiijjfcter's hearty participation in tho season's a fesjtivitks, and with misgiving ho saw tho ap- I proach of tho listless langour which took its f placo'. Now willingly enough tho fact was borne in upon him that tho life of tho station was not lively enough for tho young and v aotivo girl, but evon then he found it impos- '' siblo to act on his conviotions. But Jack » found his duties becoming daily less impera tive, and daily ho found moro and more op- 1 portunities to indulgo himself with the 'J sooiety of tho girl whoso temperamont natur- c ally sought tho Booiety of somo one of hor J own age. 11 Their intimacy deepened. With passive reluct mcc Gerald watched it grow. Ho felt for liis daughter's loneliness, which, ho told him self, was the result of his own selfishness. I But his heartstrings had entwined them- a solves round tho girl oven more closely li since she had returned home, and ho li could not bring himself to deny the luxury of her presence near him in his home. 1 As a compromise he permitted the sooiety ot tos protege moro than would otherwise have r pleased him. And after the . last of those r Christmas waltzes Jack's volatile fancy took t a decided turn. s With polished tastes that had been a long Ii whilo overlain by the rough station lifo o Jtlio fi bush, it was natural enough that Jack would v seek the girls' congenial society. It was the t first true reminder of the home life of his b sisters, and of the graces of tho world of a fashion. It were well if facts had continued t to connect his impressions of Dolly's society b with tho home life of his sisters I ! n The girls' youthful temperament found congenial society in her new friend's graceful I fastes. They sang together, painted together, a lead the same books together. Thoy rode out together, attended by Dr. Olby's groom, £ aoross tho broad grassy plains whose surface v rippled like the sea benesth the breezo. t It was pleasant to rein up their horses to gether on tho hill, and watch far beyond the fi tree-tops that surged and tossed beneath them, the bright flash and gleam of water, till the sun died out with a purple glow, suffusing a all the scene with a halo of magic beyond all (J art of painter or of poet, in the calm Austra lian afternoon. And then to mark where tho 3 wind rose as the soft light died out, and its n hurtling breath swept towards them athwart l: the tree-tops again, but fiercer thin before, — f on and on liko the rushing of somo mighty i sea, with tho thousand forest voices of j: bush and plains swelling up in that striking t harmony of nature together, till at last a wept c round them, drowning their very voicos, 0 deepening in its volume, the full diapason of e the storm I Or again, lo ride by tho river ^ bank where tho waters gathered themselves 3 into long, deepi'placid reaches, overshadowed v by tho great fcums that threw their long shadows beneath them on tho grass, in the I peaceful eventide. All this was pleasant 0 enough ; and these rides and their congenial r companionship wero revelations to both. So what wonder that Jack commenced to culti- j; tivate the decencies of social life onco more, ; so that at last he almost felt like himself again j in civilised garb, dress- coat and gloves. Suoh r a state of things as this could have but ono f outcome, and it came like the culmination of (- an idyll. a It was one quiet, memorable evening. Thoy [ had just returned from a long ride, and the cool calm of tho dying day had predisposed i the minds of both to tender thoughts. Their s ride had been gentle, and so, though resting, | they were not fatigued. The natural lightness ( of both had been tempered just sufficiently to put them in harmony with the gentleness of i tho hour, ] It was a purely Australian evening. Tho 1 lovers — for such they were— sat by tho win- , dow that looked forth over the expanse of t country that formed tho Wilnagurra Station. , Tho moon had just come forth, ' enthralled t with silver rays.' It was just one of those l twilights so rarely seen except in Australia, i when tlie light of day, and tho softness of i night aro beginning to blend. Far away, the f dark line of the hills cut sharply tho blue sky, and the faint shadow of tho softest sunset 1 purple yet seemed to linger ere it died. It c was ono of thoso groat Australian evenings i whon tho spirit of the time makes up for the j want of tho traditional associations of older lands — when every rustling leaf seems to t whisper its own love tale, and overy wander- ;? ing breath pt air is burthened with a sigh. s The light streamed softly through the stained v window, into the room where dreaming youth { and entioing beauty ^ together. s It was the old, old story ; woven anew from tho same world-old woof, and with tho same old familiar burden to tho tale. ' Tho curtain of sUkJiSs known whispers as tondor As evor tlio blossomiig|hnwthorn has heard.' A sigh— it- : whisper — an |etnbraee — ancl our lovers knew no moro. And lip mot lip, and sigh sped baok to sigh, and lovo called unto love, deep unto deop, and tho world-old tale was told again. In tho morning Gerald Pomeroy returned again to Wilnagurra. For threo days he had been absent. In thoso tlirco days a lifo was lived — and lost I Another Christmas. In a fow days the anniversary will be upon, us again. Again tho home station rung with tho note of pre paration, and was marked by tho confusion of haste. 1 During tho past fow months from tho date of the event just dosoribed, its oircumBtances had beon ofton enough repeated, need I follow tho decline, on one aide, of tho passion, the progress of whioh I havo lightly sketched. ? Postal communication between Wilna gurra and the metropolis, was not frequent. With favourable roads and weather, the Sydney mail reached the station once a week. Often tho station was for weeks without its mail. One evening about this timo, suoh an overdue mail arrived. Quite a budget of oor respondonco oamo to Dolly, whioh sho re tired to read. Girls' letters from old Bohool matos, most of thom, with kind seasonable wishes and Christmas cards, and the usual chit-ohat of girls. Dolly was'deop in thoso, contrasting tho lifo of tho past with tho present, and dreaming innocently enough of a happy future. A familiar tap camo to tho door. It was pushed gently opon, and Jaok appeared in the room with an open letter in his hand. With an expression whioh showed Dolly at onco that ho had reoeivod important news, Jack took possession of tho oushion at hor feet, and leaning on her knee, waited whilo sho glancod over tho letter. It was an English letter, in a legal hand. In brief set phrases it told Jaok that his father was dead, and that his 'presence was required at homo at onco. With a sharp ory Dolly lot tho letter flutter to thejfloor. Jaok had Dolly already in his embrace. With many loving protestations ho set the state of affairs olearly beforo her, and after many promises of a speedy ro-union, he ainod at le-gth|lior unwilhng [oonBont [to v u : !»oi* aopara^ion ? Jaok loft Wilnagurra nox morning. Tho oliday making was blank and spiritloss, to ?olly^ without him. Dolly Pomoroy nover saw Arthur Allorton ? -'Jack' — in this lifo again. About six months aftor Jaok dopartcd|. . lolly was sitting alono in hor room, thosamo o whioh ho had oomo to bid hor farewell, lie had been reading, but the ;book now lay urued idly downward on her lap. Sho was ay-dreaming, dreaming of Jack, whon a ittor was put into her hands. It was ad rcsscd in Jack's writing, and wob onoloHod in nothor, whioh boro tlio Sydnoy postmark, lustily opening tho onolosure, Dolly read as ollows : — Sydnoy, May 12, 1800. ' My very dear Dolly. — Yournotowillbofor- . warded to you by a friond, after I havo loft Lustralia ,1 hopo, forever. I liopo, I licod not ay how delighted I am to writo this. , ' Of courso, in leaving Australia for my. p latural homo, I leavo everything behind mo. ' therefore, dear girl, with pleasant rominis oncea of- tho past and thanks for tho relief ou havo afforded to tho medium of bush lifo n Australia. ' Belie va mo, Your forgetful loverj 'Jaok.' That was all. Dolly did not oven cry out. 'ressing ono hand to her broast, to still the ching sensation in her heart, she raoroifully Dst consciousness, as her book and the fatal atter foil on the floor at hor foot. Sho was found there, hours ;aftorwards. 'ho letter told her father 5ll. Let me limn the innneuiato sequence with apid touohes. Gerald's . worso fears woro ealised, but tho reality far outstripped ovon he shadow of his fear, was now somo oven or eight months attci; tho first decided dvc incident we have recorded,— sinco that atal afternoon. Now tliaj^Kierald's eyes, bo cilfully closed, had been so violently opened, lie Btate of affairs was but too plain. As I iave said, Gerald Pomeroy was a grim, storn aan. His daughter was a doubly saored bin* to him. To have this holines desecrated y tho son of his ancient cousin — cnomy was uore than he could bear. Within a few weeks of his disoovery, Gerald 'omeroy had sold his station, through tho gency of a largo Sydney firm. Long ere that Dolly had been convoyed to iydney, aud with a competent allowance, ras left by her stern parent to tho coldness of he world. Gerald Pomoroy sailed to England by tho irst homo steamer. My story is practically finished. * Two cenes (more, and my drama of real {life is lone. Tho stranger in Sydfley was often arrestod ome years ago by the occasional passing .long the streets of 'certain female figures, isually two together, distinctively and uni ormly dressed. A plain dress, with a long iluc cloak, depending from a straw bonnet or lat, ontiroly veiling the figure, and falling to he feet. The wearers look like nuns, or ladies if some devout order. About tho year 1803, me of thoso blue-cloaked female figures was specially romarked in Sydnoy. Tho passora iy turned to gaze aftor tho owner of that weet, palo face, and thoto sad, bluo , oyes, of riiioh ho caught but arglimp*o as she flitted inrestinglypast, a face and oyos that haunted he observer long aftor, fortlio sake of tho ox eeding- beauty, but subdued pain, thoy iressed Not a few turned and followed tho face igure that attraotod them. ' Theso sho almost uvariably led to many a poor and humble Kvelling, and thence, if they followed her -atiently, to a certain long, ugly building in dacquario-street — now fortunately pulled lown to make way for a more magnificent itructure — and known as tho S/dnoy In» irmary. For she was a hospital nurse. But sometimes the curious ones might loso ler among those dwellings of tho poor, whoro die spent most of the time not occupiod in ;ha sick ward, and most of -the money that 3erald Pomeroy allowed his jhughter. She would be lost for a timOi But ? anyone 'ollowing hor into tho last of' theso humble odgings would perhaps havo seen hor, whon ler day was done, in her own room, and would jorhaps havo recognised in her, her oloak ,hrown aside and the long silky tresses of her ?olden hair escaping over her shoulders, sitting ' .here aB wo saw her once before when a fatal ? otter reached hor fated hands— might havo ?ocogniscd in her tho Dolly Pomeroy of Wil- . lagurra Station, if not Harrington Houso 3choo But perhaps tho latter would bo better -ro light to mind by tho bright-haired, blue- . iyod, blithe little thing of threo years that nade disorder among the playthings at the foung mother's foot. i,..- ' As tho child looks up, with its bright yellow rosses and bluo oyos that relleot baok her own, iro we reminded of that young girl's leaving, ohool, four short years ago, when she looked : ip with thoNsame trusting aniile, tho same iright hair and blue oyes, to thd face of another itting by her side ! And the spoiler, what of him ? Woll, Arthur Allerton — the handsomo and lebonnaire — has gono back) blithely and with v light heart to tho scenes of his youth, to ;laddon the salons of tho noble and tho bou loirs of the fair with his handsomo Saxon 'ace and his faultless physique, to toll tlio old ;ale to others perhaps ; and to settle down by ind byo to tho decorum of married lifo and a seat for the county. See him them, among the half-nude beauties Df the ballroom, and contrast him aB ho glides softly and gracefully round tho room with the loveliness of the belle on his arm, the envied Df tho fellows of hia sot and the favoured of tho matrons. Contrast him now with tho pale, sad figure in the whito oloak, by the siok man's bed in tho humble lodging or 'passing swiftly along tho Sydney streets)* Seo him at his olub — in his, box at tho theatre — at Ascot. Suroly that fair young face and thoso frank bluo oyos, and that opon ness of expression that makes him suoh u favorite with his friends, oan no in i.-o oovor a hard heart of callous selfishness and ignoble deceit than itean bely tho ga'ugo it gives of a happy old. age, .with its love, honor, and troops of friends I Pootio justice is dealt. Suoh things aro al ways so with these handsomo, [heartless, husks of men. . ' But not always, perhaps. Fow know tho owner of that olosed office, to whoso door the ; privato oab of tho handsomo Arthur so ofton rattles up. . Tho prinoipal is never thoro whon Arthur draws the money for his oxtravagancos, for his jpatrimony has beon 4 shared by hia sisters, and his portion was not so largo aa it is reputed to havo beon. Had ho known to whom his accommodat ing friend made his weekly report, ho would, perhaps, have seen fit to droad tho deep-laid soliemeB of vongearce of hia viotim's father. For Gerald Pomoroy sits without tho wob wliioh ho has woven, waiting with grim and almost diabolio hato till his viotim bo woll within his toils. - Mrs. Stowe'b littlo grandson, agod fivo, was reproved by his mothor for swinging on a neighbour's gate, and told that Mr. Smith would not liko it. . ' I don't oaro for Mr. Smith,' said the urohin, ' nor for his ox, nor his ass, nor any thing that is his.' ' Willio,' asked his mother, ' do you know who wrote thoBo words you uso so?' 'I don't know, was tho roply ; ' Grandma Stowo, I s'pose. . ..... .... j 