Notes of the MonJth, ? HTiHE Church Assembly of this diocese* irrtWo consecutive sessions, JL has discussed the expediency of making The Messenger & weekly instead of a monthly paper; ' The committee appointed to consider this question have no hesitation in recommending the more frequent publication, if only assurances of support from Churchmen in the colony sufficient to justify the venture shall have been first obtained. With more than two hundred parishes and parochial 'dis tricts in the colony in which Church work is beine; -Vigorously pressed on 3 with active Bishops and Church Assemblies in so many Australian dioceses, making Church history almost faster than we can write itj with the air thick all round us with secular denial and religious debate, when not a month but brings its riew book, or pamphlet, or lecture that has to be answered, or its new move ment that has, to be encouraged or resisted; with the old burning questions still smouldering, and ready at any moment to break into blazej and the smoke from other and larger questions that have' Caught fire visible already on the horizon, ifc must be plain to every one that a monthly paper cannot deal promptly of fully with such a mass of material as will have accumulated by: the date, of each publication. It has one chronic disease that destroys itfl influence— that of being always too late. The most interesting news will not keep its interest more than the first few days ; the most exciting cor respondence Will not bear gaps of four weeks between each letter; the most important oubjects are those which must be dealt with at the time, or the opportunity io gone. The monthly periodical has to make up with reflection, review, and criticism what it wants in freshness, vivacity, and action. Thus it appeals to the cultured and thoughtful Churchman' rather than to the1 ordinary reader in search of Church news. The committee have satisfied themselves as to the number of copies requiring to be subscribed for to enable them to arrange for the publication of a Church paper, that shall keep abrenst with the current religious news and thought of the week. The number is not formidable, and might be easily reached if the clergy and Church officers would only bestir themselves a little to promote the better sale of the organ of their Church. It is perfectly fair, of course, that they should require to know beforehand what the paper will be like which they are expected to push. To satisfy inquirers on this head, it has been determined to adopt the suggestion of ' H. F. T.' in the January Messenger, and to issue early in April four thousand copies, for gratuitous distribution, of a specimen number of the proposed weekly. Those clergymen and others to whom copies shall be sent will be asked to circulate them amongst their parishioners and friends, and to interest them selves ;in obtaining subscribers for the. paper in its altered form. Should the response be discouraging, the committee will have r.o choice but to report that, however desirable it may be that the Church should possess a weekly periodical, they can see no present prospect of establishing one with success ; should, however, the promises of sup port be sufficiently numerous and reliable, immediate steps will be taken to replace the existing monthly paper by a weekly one corre sponding in all respects to the specimen which the Church will have approved. BISHOP BARRY was expected to sail from England by the ' Valetta,' which was to leave on the 14th February. Great sympathy has been felt for him on account of the loss, of his library in the ' Simla,' and active steps have been taken, the Queen herself contributing, to replace his books by public subscription. We believe that before proceeding to Sydney he will spend a few days in Mel bourne at Bishopscourt, and that, as in the cases of the Bishops of Newcastle and Tasmania, a reception service will be held after his arrival in one of our town or suburban churches. In Sydney an address is to be presented to him by a number of former students of King's College, London. We shall be glad to act with any brother collegians. in this colony in showing a like token of respect to the ex principal of our old school, himself, perhaps, the most distinguished scholar that has been trained within its -walls. We understand that the same ship which brings Bishop Barry brings out to us also Mr. Henry Henty, of the firm of James Henty and Co., of this city, with his family. ?....?? ON Friday, 8th February, a new departure was taken in this diocese by the solemn admission of Miss Marion McFarlane to the Order of Deaconess. It is now more than twenty years ago since the Order was revived in the Church of England, the first attempt being made in the Diocese of London, under the authority of the late Archbishop Tait, then Bishop of London. There can be no doubt that Deaconesses were a recognised Order in the primitive Church, and were solemnly set apart for authorised ministrations. In these days of female. 'Evangelists,' and 'Hallelujah Lasses,' when it is quite clear that, if women cannot engage in spiritual work under authority it will be done by them without authority, ifc seems not onlya prudent, but necessary, that a legitimate field should be opened up for their exertions within the Church. We are glad and thankful that our Bishop has recognised this necessity, and that he has sanctioned a movement which cannot but be fruitful in good, if wisely and devoutly carried on, and may help to lessen the difficulty of bringing home the ministrations of religion to the careless and ungodly masses of our larger towns. Miss McFarlaue has long desired to engage in evangelistic work, under competent authority, in some deBnite position recognised by the Church, and with a definite mission from the Church. A suitable sphere in which to begin her labours has been found at Prabran, in the parish of Christ Church, South Yarra, under the superintendence of the Eev. H. F. Tucker. At eleven o'clock in the morning of the 8th ult. the candidate and her friends, to the number of forty, received the Holy Communion together in South Yarra Church, and the same evening she was admitted to the office of Deaconess by the laying on of hands. The service used was that sanctioned by authority in the Diocese of London. After evensong the candidate was conducted by the incumbent to the Sanctuary. There certain questions were put to her, and being satisfactorily answered, the Bishop proceeded to give the imposition of hands, and Miss McFarlane was admitted the first member of the Female Diaconate of the Diocese of Melbourne. His Lordship afterwards delivered a very impressive address on the duties of the sacred office she had been called to fill. It is hoped that by-and-by Misa McFarlane may become the head of a ' Mel bourne Diocesan Deaconesses Institution,' on the lines of that existing in the Diocese of London, and help to train others, as devout and self-denying as herself, for the holy work to which she has devoted her life. Ifc will be a bright day for the Church in Victoria when our larger town parishes have each its faithful Deaconess, and we heartily pray that the work now auspiciously begun may take root in the diocese and bear abundant fruit to the glory of God and the welfare of souls. WE regret to learn from the report of Mr. E. D. Puckle, the hon. treasurer to the Church Mission to the Aborigines, that the funds of the mission are at so low an ebb that he has had some difficulty in paying the salaries punctually. We are satisfied that the flagging interest of the public is not deserved by any want of energy or success on the part of the conductors of the missions. Indeed, having lately visited the Lake Condah Station and witnessed the industrious and orderly habits of the little community, their pride in their homes, their fervour and reverence in worship, the intelligence of the chil dren in their school, the excellence of the discipline maintained in the station, and withal the general respect and good will that is felt for the missionaries, we heartily subscribe to the following extract from the report of the Kev. J. H. Slahle, of whose qualifications for his post we cannot speak too highly : — ' It would be interesting, and I think convincing, for those who doubt whether it is of much use to Christianise and civilise the blacks if they were to come here and see for themselves the clean and tidy aspect of their comfortable village home, which has been to a great extent erected through their own labour. . . . My hope is, that while the Government shows greater liberality year by year, in respect to the temporal welfare of the natives, and while they themselves show, by faithful and hard labour in erecting a church in which to worship God that they believe that man lives not by bread alone, all those interested in mission work may come forward and liberally supply money to buy the needful materials, as well as pay for such work in connection with the church which cannot be done by aborigines. Should anyone feel inclined to ask, ' To what purpose will a church be for the aborigines if it is admitted on all hands that they are dying out fast?' I would say that even if they should disappear ere long from the face of the earfcb, the church would then still be a monument erected by a Christian people, testifying that they have not been onlookers with idle hands and unsympathetic heart, while the vices of the white man, coupled with their own ignorance, serve to ruin the natives, body and soul.' MESSRS. BOOTH AND GLOVEE are men of remarkable earnest ness and simplicity whom God has endowed with the rare gift of enthusiasm, and' with the power which belongs to the enthusiastic alone of kindling enthusiasm in others. For ourselves, we agree with those who hold that temperance is a Christian grace, and that to the Church, and not to any outside association, the Gospel Temperance Mission properly belongs ; but it is impossible not to acknowledge as fellow-workers men who profess that ' the power of their movement is the religious truth which is at the back of it, above it, and under neath it — the religion of our Saviour, the Redeemer of the World' — or not to rejoice that thousands of persons desirous of banishing the sin of drunkenness from their cities and homes should flock to be told that ' it was only in the name of the risen Christ that this thing would obey and be cast out.' There is one point, however, not in connection with this mission only, but with all like missions, on which we should like to be satisfied. The immediate effects of a visit to a town by Messrs. Booth and Glover, or Burnett or G-ough, are palpable enough. Wherever they go their eloquence and fervour carry everything before them. Temperance is triumphant ; every second man yon meet is pledged and decorated, and there is talk of publicans being compelled to shut up their houses. What we want to know is, what is the outcome of all this to the public at large ? Lec turers like those we have named have for some years been pursuing their laudable vocation at home and in the colonies, and always with the same apparent success. By this time, if the conversions of which we hear are real and permanent, they should have produced a marked effect on the moral statistics of the nation. Can it be shown that they have done so ? Can drunkenness and the crimes that spring out of drunkenness be proved to have decreased since the temperance movement began, or in the places where it has flourished ? Are con victions for intemperance fewer ? Is the sale of intoxicating liquor less ? Satisfactory answers to these questions, which are asked in no unfriendly spirit, will do much to commend the movement to many practical and sober-minded men whom at present it fails to attract. SIR WILLIAM CLARKE has added to his many gifts to Trinity College the noble present of £3000, thus clearing the new build ings that bear his own and his brother's name from all debt. All such acts of munificence do more than enrich the particular institu tion benefited— they enriph the Church with » splendid example. A SOCIETY for the Promotion of Morality has been formed in X2L Tasmania, under the auspices of Bishop Sandford, who allowed, however, in his inaugural address, that the Church of Christ is the true association for social and individual purity, and that it was only because of the impossibility of united action on her part that recourse was had to societies of merely hnman institution. He complained of the unfairness of allowing the woman ' to bear the brunt of the condemnation that fell upon the immoral,' and allowing the man 'to pass scot free.' At the same time, he thought that the man needed much more help than he received. He was not sure that men had been so warned in the days of boyhood or youth as they ought to be, and he was sure that temptations were allowed to abound that made it almost impossible for any but a strong- minded and strong-hearted man to escape. He thought before putting forward the religious aspect of the movement doctors and teachers of physiology should be allowed to be heard. Men should be taught the laws and constitution of their own being. Not that he did not recognise the importance of the religious part of the question. His belief was that they would never really rescue souls from immo rality till they understood that the Spirit of God made the body the special tabernacle, and that, therefore, when a man sinned against his body he was sinning in the moBt direct and awful manner against the Holy Ghost. Thirty-three ladies and gentlemen joined the society at its first meeting. WE hope that the following suggestion made by the Rev. T, H. Sharlton, rector of Lutterworth, in a letter to the Times on the subject of the Luther Centenary, will not be overlooked : — ' December in next year will be the 500th anniversary of the death of Wicliff, perhaps the greatest representative Englishman of any period, to whom we owe very much our language, our English Bible, our reformed religion, and our freedom. Wicliff was also the teacher of Huss, and through Huss of Luther. Let Germany, as she ought, commemorate the birth of her lion-hearted son, but let Britain recognise in some special way the transcendent claim of Wicliff — the scholar, the philosopher, the statesman, and the self-sacrificing ' Evangelical Doctor.' It would be some gain in this hurrying age to make us realise life as it was 500 years ago, and so to learn men to think of the vast debt all who speak English owe to the ' Morning Star,' John Wicliff.' nnHE Argus, in an article on the State-school System of Education^ 11 exalting the State-school teacher above the minister of religion,' asks : 'Is paying visits, work? Is reading Tennyson's poems to a sewing meetin g of Dorcas ladies at the parsonage, or manse, work ? Is sitting in your study, and storing your mind with the thoughts of authors you delight in, work ? Is rambling through the country with a note-book in your hand, in order that you may jot down the ideas that will enliven next Sunday's sermon, work ?' As a comment upon these questions, we take the following ' note' from the Church of England Record (Sydney), simply premising that it would be easy to supply a parallel out of tbiis diocese for each case mentioned in it : — ' Three parishes joining each other in a thickly peopled part of this city are without their incumbents. Canon Stephen is unfortunately laid aside for a time, while the Revs. C. F. Garnsey and JoBeph Barnier have found it necessary to obtain entire rest by a visit to England. Each of these men has been overworked. The wear and tear of large parishes, with multifarious duties of a varied kind, have told upon their health, and there are others who we fear will erelong be in the same position. Does not this prove, especially when taken with the increasing larrikinism, that more workers are necessary? We believe one of our greatest wants in the city is a large staff of curates, who will work with the enthusiasm of youth under the experienced incumbents.' IT would appear from recent instances that freethought, even when the freedom is greatest, fails to satisfy the spiritual crav ings of its most thoughtful adherents. We learn from a recent issue of the Irish Ecclesiastical Gazette that ' an apostle of atheism in Denmark has been compelled to renounce his hopeless creed. M. Hegard, Professor of Philosophy at the University of Copenhagen, was until recently an apostle of atheism. In the introduction to a second edition of one of his works he writes : — ' The experiences of life, its sufferings and griefs, have shaken my soul, and have broken the foundation upon which I formerly thought I could build. Full of faith in the sufficiency of science, 1 thought to have found in it a' sure refuge from all the contingencies of life. This illusion is vanished ; when the tempest came which plunged me in sorrow, the moorings, the cable of science, broke like thread. Then I seized upon that help which many before me have laid hold of ; I sought and found peace in God. Since then I have certainly not abandoned science, but I have assigned to it another place in my life.' ' We have had an instance within the last few weeks in a siater-colony of a similar return to sound mind and right belief of a leading member and officer of a non-religious society of a very advanced type. Mr , Braithwaite, vice-president of the Dunedin Freethought Association, which has its Sunday-school (children's lyceum), its visitors, and its Sunday services, has resigned his office, and now brands the whole movement from which he has seceded as a hopeless failure from the want of definite religious beliefs and aspirations, without which he holds ' existence to be a mockery, and morals a farce.' He is ' satisfied that the association can never make headway among the people until it can present a motive power for good higher than the one it has got already, and to do this it must have a religious basis.' WE learn that another addition has been made to the teaching staff of the Melbourne Grammar School in the person of the Rev. T. H. Rust, M. A., lately master of Bishop Stortford's school, England. 