[ BROADBRIM'S NEW YORK I LETTER. How shall I pass the Sabbath I said to my pelf last Sunday. If I go to hear the music at Central Park, they will say I am a heathen ; and if I go to Coney Island they may think I am a publican. I will hie me to Greenwood, and there commune with the spirits of the departed. Here repose hundreds of thou sands of those who were once moving spirits of the two great cities near it. As you enter the stately gate, before you is the tribute which the trustees of Greenwood have raised to the memory of the late treasurer of the corporation, and who may be said to have guided its destiny for over forty years. Much of the beauty and order that glorifies this City of the Dead is due to him, who now reposes peacefully in its bosom. A few yards further to the left is a rich cross which the Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals have raised to the memoiy of Louis Bonnard. Louis Bonnard was a Frenchman who came to New York many years ago, and engaged in the -manufacture of scientific in struments. He lived in two wretched rooms in the most disreputable part of the city; he denied himself the commonest necessaries of life, and was found dead in his wretched apartments. To the great astonishment of the few who knew him, a will was discovered leaving $200,000 to the Society for the preven tion of cruelty to animals ;—and tke secret of the bequest was supposed to lie in the fact that Louis Bonnard believed in metemp sichosis, and thought that when his spirit left his body, it might be transferred to a horse or a dog, and lie did not want it to be abused. At all events the breath was scarcely out of hie body when an army of relations, who never knew or cared for him in his life, appeared to contest the wilt—they fought Henry Bergh in all the courts, and the case was finally de cided in favor of the Society. Thousands pass this Frenchman's grave without stopping to take a second look, but if the dumb bruteB of the land could sing or speak not one in this vast assemblage of ghosts would have a grander pean or a louder praise—than Louis Bon nard. Facing his tomb on the hillside to the east is a beautiful little Grecian Temple, beneath which lies all that was mortal of John An derson, the inventor of Solace Tobacco. John Anderson may not have been the greatest man whose remains repose in Greenwood, but in his day and generation he brought much consolation and comfort to the chewers of the cud. As great a man as General Scott sent all the way from Mexico for a 10 pouud box of John Anderson's Solace; and an emi nent Presbyterian divine, whose eloquence electrified New York forty years ago, seldom went into his pulpit of a Sunday without a paper of Anderson's fine cut in his pocket. John Anderson's shop stood on Broadway at the corner of the City Hosnital grounds, and almost opposite to Pearl Street; and it was at his store that the young dudes of a couple of generations ago used to buy their cigars of the pretty cigar giri, who was murdered at the Elysian Fields. The girl was the gi-eat attraction of John Anderson's store, and he never fully recovered the shock of her loss. He retired from business many years since, and dying left a fortune estimated at two or three millions of dollars. The Anti-Tobacco League may have but little reverence or re spect for. this dead benefactor of his nice ; but the soldier on the march, the hunter in the forest, the sailor called out of his warm I unk of a stormy night to clew up and clew down, the hod carrier staggering undi-r his tremend ous load, and the ragged homeless tramp without a roof to cover him, will with kind ness remember John Anderson. A few yards from John Anderson's impos ing mausoleum—a magnificent granite shaft— perpetuates the fame of Mrs. Oswald Otten doffer, the publisher of the greatest German newspaper in the United States, the Stoats Zeitung. This great paper was started by Mrs. OftendofEer's first husband,. Mr. Ule, who died some years ago, leaving his widow with a large family, and the control of a great oity journal. Mrs. Ule was equal to the task, she not only qualified herself to perform and understand the minutest detail of her exacting business ; but she guided it on to a course- of prosperity, wliioli it had never known in her husband's life. But even the management of lier great business, nor the care of her f.iniil v, whs t-iiough to occupy her capacious heart »nd bruin. The cry of want and the demands of charity ever found a response in her sympathe ic soul; and no worthy prer ever Lit her door unsatisfied. New York has many noule women whore lives have been beautified and glorified by every good and graciouB deed, and yet ainoug them all it would be difficult to find a match for this dead saint. Her loving benefactions were of them selves a colossal fortune; and, dying, she did not forget, in her bounty the humblest work man who was associated with her in her life. She lies beside her first husband, Mr. Ule, who helped to found the gre-tt fortune which she used so wisely and so well; and as I passed their graves, which a wild briar now unites, I reverently uncovered, remembering the gracious promise, " Blessed are the merciful for they shall receive mercy," and few on thia earth were more merciful and charitable than she of whom I write. In a little dale a hundred and fifty yards to the south. Lola Montez, the Countess of Landsfeldt, quietly sleeps after a boisterous and stormy life. She was an extraordinary woman. She spoke, with the fluency of a native, every language of Europe, and whi'o there was a slight foreign accent in her Eng lish, her French, German, Italian, Spanish and Russian were so perfect that natives of the different countries insisted that she was a countrywoman. She was born in Hindostan and spoke Hindostanpe as her native tongue. She saw every phase of life from the slums of Paris to the finest palaces in Europe. One of the handsomest women in Europe, the favored mistress of a King, a woman who went decked with jewels that would have paid a Prince's ransom—she who spent millions in her time—died in this city in the extremest poverty; and charity, which weeps at the sins of the Magdalene, gave a few feet of earth in Greenwood to Eliza Gilbert, Countess of Landsfeldt. But I feel that I must hurry away. The city is greatly exercised, that is to say the pious portion of it, at the Sunday music in Central Park. Petitions are being circu lated in all the churches against it That is to say, that the million of people in New York are to have do voice as to how they shall pass their Sabbath, but they are to be controlled by the three hundred thousand nominal church members, the greater part of whom are now enjoying themselves in the mountains or by the seaside. The absurdity; of the de mand id more apparent when you reflect that there is not a churcli in the city of any conse quence which is now ministered to by its regular pastor. The great majority of .these Christian shepherds have gone to Europe foreign air and foreign travel being absolutely necessary for them to,recuperate from the dreadful mental strain of getting up one sermon a week, on a salary of from $5,000 to $20,000 per annum. Does it occur to these saints that there are four hundred thousand people in this city who daily toil for ten hours; that to reach the daily toil they hare to rise at five in the morning, and some of them walk miles to work, and miles home again at night. During six days they are penned up in close factories where hundreds work in a room, and where a breath of pure air never comes. No wonder they seek the Park on Sunday, and listen to the sweet strains of the music and breathe the fresh air and smell the grass and the flowers and tliank God for even these blessings, brief though they be. One half of our churches are closed ; pastors and people could not eudure the air of the city. Let the poor people enjoy what God and the corporation git e them ; grie » fields, fresh air, and music. It will do them more good thau all the orthodox sermonB that were ever preached, and bring them "Nearer, my God, to Thee." The running down of old Mother Mandel bauin, the notorious' receiver of stolen goods, by Pinkerton's detectives, has been one of the marked events of the week. The associate and protector of thieves for a generation, she has accumulated over a million of dollars. The police are said to have protected her—at any rate, she has continued for twenty years to slip through the meshes of the law. Should justice fail this time it would be a public calamity. I don't know that it has any reference to the election, but the Brooklyn Common Council, this week, advanced the salaries of the city officials 20 to 25 per cent. Political banners ■ must be paid for, and provision made for soap, and as the day has long since gone by when we may look for flights of quails and showers of manna, we have to take our chance, milking the city cow. The weather has been intolerable, Thursday being away up among the nineties. To cap the climax, stoeks took an upward turn, and for a day or two the market was at fever heat. The election, too, is firing our blood, and it must be gratifying to the country to know that both parties are going to be successful, and consequently everybody satisfied. 