Chapteb II.—Tbouble pob Nan. The nine days' wonder that Nan's appear ance in Centreville created died away in the excitement of more new and stirring events. There was little lack of such in a livelv minim* camp iu the early '50's, and soon, save for the occasional sight of her sweet face in their midst, the episode of the romantic marriage •would have been entirely forgotten. She was a favo rite in the little place with everyone, and many a nugget ofunusual sightliness was laid away by some sunburnt miner for Jim's wife—" The sweetest and prettiest girl in California, bless her!" And Jim'-shiniself 6eemed to have awakened to a sense of nobler and belter things, and had abandoned much of his former wild and reckless habits. He worked steadily too, and on the whole Nan's life for those first few months was one of sunshine. Still she had heard enough from chance words dropped here and there to give her an idea what Jim's career had been before her arrival in Centreville, al though a certain kindly fear of giving piiin had prevented her from hearing the worst, and the name of Yuba Eato had never reached her ears. But alas for Nan ! It was not long before Jim drifted slowly back to his old ways, and with every day new lines of care showed them selves on her young face, and the bloom plainly faded from her cheek. She never complained, but came among them every how and then,and always with her quiet, gentle smile, and the boldest there had not tlie courage to speak to her of Jim's waywardness, although her white face and tearful eyes told that her heart was breaking. And so the months sped along to the early winter. One night as Nail sat watching the huge logs blaze in the wide fireplace, a sudden feel ing of dread and loneliness came over her that would not be banished at her bidding. At last she could stand it no longer, and thinking in a terrified way that shemust find Jim, shestarted up from the fire, and throwing a shawl about her she opened the cabin door and went forth, into the darkness iu search for him. A quick walk over the crisp 6now led her to the door of the Golden Nugget, Jim's usual rendezvous, and hesitating but a moment she raised the! latch and walked in. To her dying day she' never forgot the sight. Men were standing about in groups, talking excitedly; a dozen small fights were going on in different parts of the room ; glasses were clinking at the bar, and the air was redolent with tobacco smote and choice profanity. In one corner, with liis hands securely bound behind him, stood a tall, brutal looking man, with an air of sullen defence ; several men with six-s'iooters were guarding him; the blood rushed down his face from an ugly cut over the eye—evidently made by a flying tumbler. At a table some what apart from the throng an animated game of draw poker was progressing; among the players were Jim. Hardened, indeed, were the men who could thus coolly pursue the «ame of hazard while the bleeding victim of & law less mob lay at their feet. For as Nan pushed forward the crowd in front of her parted, and she beheld a form stretched on tlie floor with a ghastly wound in the temple. It was a young and boyish face that waB turned up to the light, and beside the silent figure, with one of its lifeless hands elapsed in her own, knelt a woman j she was weeping bitterly, and begging him, between her sobs, to speak to her. But he was quite dead. " 'Taint no use, Nell." said one of the men. pulling her aside roughly, " the man's dead,' and all jour howlin' and screechin' ain't a goln* to bring bini back to life." The unfortunate woman arose with a shriek ■of such extreme and utter desolation thate?eu those rough hearts were moved. "PhewJ Nell's cutting up rough about, Jack's death," said <Tim Warner, rising partly : from his chair to watch her. As lie did so, be saw Nan beyond her with a loot of terror on hsr face. With one bound iie was at her eide. " My GrocLj Nannie this is no place for you!" lie cried. It was then that she broke down completely.. " O come home with me, Jim, come home," ehe sobbed, and without one glance backward, he pat his arm about her and led lier frpm the place. 3Tor days after that ehe was nervous and frightened and ill. Jim, really alarnjed about her, worked in sight of the pabiu, and for this while his usual haunts gaw him not. But bis •was the soul of the gambler, and he could not free himself from the riretted chains which bound him. And yet he loved her. His pas sion for her was the supreme one of his life, and the lore he bore her no man of his nature ever knows twice. He would hare died for her any day were the mere matter of dying all; as it was, he had not the strength to live for her alone. The time was now within a few weeks of the Christmas holidays- Clear and cold the silver eickle of a moon looked down upon tlie snow bound earth, and the tall pines rising like giant ghosts in their white draperies. " You're not going out to-night, are you, Jim?" Nan asked as lie stepped to the door. "I'll only fee gone a minute, Nannie," he answered, evasively and with something like supplication in his voice; and not waiting for any further expression of opinion, he went out. Nan listened until the sound of his foot stens was lost in soft snow, and then sank with a moan into her chair. She would wait for him, she told herself, striving to dismiss the dism&l; fancies which pressed upon her ; and somewhat tired from the day's work, lulled by the song of the wind about the roof, and the monotonous crackling of the wood fire, she fell asleep like a tired child. When she awoke the bright blase had turned to ashes on the hearth, the clcck was striking the midnight hour, and Jim was not there. Oii! ihe agony of that moment, and the trial of the bitter hours of wailing that followed. Lis tening, listening for the never coming foot step ; looking, looking with strained eyesight over the snow to see if he was there. She could sot sleep ; she did not mind the cold, although it was intense. In the watches of that weary night faith died within her, and in her dumb anguish her lips refused to pray. And so she sat until the rising of the cheerless December sun, and with the sunlight Jim came. He rushed in excitedly ; he no sooner saw her sitting there by the window than he began to tell bow rich they were ; he showered the gold—his ill-gotten gains—upon her. She should be the first lady in the land j she should wear diamonds; they would gjo back to their old homes, she was his own little Nannie, and they were rich at last! For luck at faro had smiled on him, and he had broken the bank. She rose up then and stood before him with blazing eyes. " Keep your gold—your stolen gold! I would not touch it if I were starv ing. I hate it and you J" Then with a sud den revulsion of feeling the angry light faded from her eyes and murmuring brokenly s " O, Jim, how could you—how could you ?" she sank at his feet in merciful oblivion of all about her. He caught her in his arms; he laid her upon the poor bed ; he chafed her cold hands ; he begged her by everything sacred to speak to him, to say she forgave him. But the death-like swoon did not yield, and he thought that he had killed her. And when after many moments—they seemed ages to him—Bhe re turned to consciousness, Jim's tears were on her faee, his frantic kisses on her lips, and he was telling her that be had killed her, but lie loved her better than the whole world. 