? 'KfiiSI /JeiFeveniugat the printing Jeter.*:. i » The types wore "b'e.weBbly psper; click clicking Jstj^rames,. off which WjBre to roll ; Select rip .conductors of modern en- "-ntf- "Ths thick flat rflame of paper jf 'damp to the band of the journoybe Qotumne wijre all full, all but !Dg_blaj;k wjiich had bectj left open advertisement, which had not yet ar- * 'tTlre 'pntifenca were of the enperiDe^ljed with" Ibe minutes. Our own JgengH niustdraw again- upozi bis magcforsome laughter-moving or harrowing feffK7: But our iDwo intelligencer, aloe ! . -Wds 'but dully to the call. He had erstraitfed bis inventive facultios already aJrdByjiH,_the_crealing of facts, and be had trned them out ^prematurely to refresh over" rnm flbd water j ao that nowy'wbei^ptiit iftfco'harness agnfn, be could no piofe tnovo'thah a tired horpe put away ' for^the night led out unexpectedly to a heavy carriage, and a mountain road. "It was hoped that,witb pen and papes, hi a band might move tcechcnically to its work but it waa founit,capnbIe only of an Irish outrflgo^ and on tfiat bank the newspaper had 'already overdrawn it« account. The superintendent was hanging doubtinply between',j;he last tickwick and the leatt thread bare of hjs devotional sentiments, when a young clerk who was lounging Bmoaking_iii,tbe -compositore' room, and bad volunteered bis services in blowing snuff up the intelligencer's nostrils, now offered t> supply bis place for him. He cocked his hat on one side, dropped upon the Btool, and dipped hia pen into the ink. " Now, what shall it be ? some young lord pitching into the .poller, oh! or a spice of scandal ? The Reverend , whose name we forbsar to mention, out cf respect to bis sacred office. . . • . . Or what d'yp any to something touohing and romantic P I was down at Exmoulh to- day at the Hoy a Tbey were sitting upstairs ou a girl they'd found in the churchyard in the morning. PoieoD, Bo tbey say ; took it herself, litt fool. You and I, Jack, would have' taught her better, if she'd come to u»." " Aye, that'll do, Ned ; anything so you'ro quick about it,—trim up." ' "Well then, here goes.,' . Touching and romantic.—" No bang it, tjiat won't do either; we mustn't make it interesting." Vice and suicide.—" Aye, that's rigbt. Vice and euiciJc—This morning an inquest was held at the Boyal Arms Extoouth,on the body of a young woman—" " Female, Ned,female; woman don't sound respectable." Well, on tbe body of a young female, who was recognised by several of the inhabitants as Catherine Gray, and from her appearance must have been lately given tn abandoned babits. (That's moral, eb, Jack?) She left Eimoutb, as will be remembered, a year,since with a gentleman (whose name, out'of deference to bis honoured and respected relatiies, we think it beet to conceal) iind£r bircnmBtances betraying peculiar ingratitude ; and it was for Borne time a subject of great .alarm to the friends of the genljfiaan, that she might have been privately iSSfried to bim. From this fear, however' tbey were happily soon relieved, as be was recovered from his abandoned companion apd ehe bad not since been heard of. A person answering the description of deceased had been seen the day before in the neighbourhood in a state of extreme destitution and this morning sbe was found in the clinch yard quite dead. It appears the unhappy oreature must have retained some spark of feeling, as tbe spot where Bhe was found lying was the burial-pisce of her father. Dr. Wilson examined the body, and gave it as bis opinion that death had been occasioned by poison. A bottle containing reniaibs of suoh deleterious substance was at her side, and it was too plain she had met her end by her own hands. There being no evidence to the contrary and from the general appearance of the deceased, the jnry returned a verdict almost immediately of temporary insanity. A slight difficulty Was raised by one of the jurors, on the ground that tbe epotjhe badchosen argued tba^jresence of reason; but as il could not amount to certainty, be withdrew bis objection. X)ur excellent coroner, whose taste and feelingis-flo 1 well- known, complimented the jnry, highly, on tbe discernment they had shown in ; their verdict, and after giviug it SB his opinion that no person in proper possession of their facultirs could ba guilty of tbe daring and desperate act of the unhappy person before them, concluded by an eloquent address on tbe miserable effects of the indulgence of unlawful passions, and trusted that all young persons in the neighbourhood would' take warning from the dreadful example before them,- hoy tliey listened to " the soft whisper of deceiving Jove," when oftered them in any but honourable fashion There, I -think I have been and done it; giVe na another cigar, Jack." V Who was tbe fellow, Ned?" •"Why that cursed scamp yoang Car- penter. I hope the poor girl's ghost won't plague me forfjaying it off on ber so- J ' Iam doubtinp about that bit at tbe end, Nsd—the other part's capital; but I'm afraid the lines iah.iut the deceiving Joye won't do for us. Sir John won't like it. , . . . Of coursethe fellow is a scoundrel, and the uncle not much belter for that matter; but it don't do to say so. However, perhaps it ftiqty go as.it is.". ind so ended, the earthly suffering of a hnman soul. Unheeded by any mortal man more. Unwept "by any eye save, perhaps, God's angels. And, that wretched record is all theSirorld ever knew of a tale BO mournful that jf-a-poet bad been found to mould it into vosiotgeneration after generation would have wept unnamberedlears to waBb out -tbel sister's wrongs from the records of tbe earth. —The Lieutenant's "Daughter. 