The Novelist. The Widow Blane. TALE OP THE TIMES. IN NINU CHAPTBBS. \- BT ar. WALTBB SWAK. CHAPTER IV.-ROBBING A DKAWEB. The aims ami heart-burnings and toil of Bou der Poiat were all forgosten in sleep, and ev« from the hotels the last light had disappeare and the inojt inveterate card-player had depart« when the midnight came. It came on the occ sion of which I write full of frowns and pa gleams, a3 the clouds sailed above it and tie battered across the moon, followed by dark blanl that blotted out the sky, and dragged after thej broken fringes of tilver Üeece, and panoramas < crags and sea, and half-finished pictures of fairj land. The night seemed to grow dark and sin to sleep, then awake with starts, as the moo grew olear and showed the spots where the miner slept, flashing its light on their little windowi and fashioning ghosts out of the white earth a the tunnels' mouths. It gave sudden touches t the stream, and rolled out into shadows below th rocks; and it showed tho face of the ex patrió and of the man who sought for 'ouest work closely observant of the houses on the plateau From beside the tree were ; they were standing nearly in the shadow, was the dark line of th irregular street, linked together by huts, an< marked by the trees that sheltered them. Th< wind that hurried the clouds lifted the rags o: their torn coats, and fluttered and flapped thea silently as they had been the pluniago of birds ol prey, and they seóm to flit fluttering from shadow to shadow, there being no rest for them in the dim light. The figures moving tbus had queor, irregular outlines as tho blasts flung their clothes about, and swept round them in sudden charges and mutterings. They hid and rested in thc shade, and peered out and sought shade again further on, hlways silent and noiseless, and stea- dily in tho direction of the widow's store. The patriot had marked where the back portion of the building had been finished with bark, and ho had Been the troo that Blood beside it. It had been prized for tho cool shade that lodged with it, and the music of its boughs, and its shelter and screen were noWusod by tho men, who BOOU sat roosting on the branch eB, and spoke below tho sweeping of its rustling foliage. Mrs. Blano had listened to the bushings of tho old tree during many a night of the years she had been there, and ita voices were all familiar ; but on that night abo did not dotocfc below the cadence tho undortono of danger, and the evil that was being planned in tho whispers that the voices of tho loaves were hiding. As the branches moanod and tossed, a figuro swung from among them that was fitter fruit for a gal lows-treo, and the bough swayed back, leaving the moving thing upon the roof. Auother figure was similiarly left, to bo blended with tho first a3 the glimpses carno and went. Is tho success of sin and the triumph of go .d directed by the same providence ? Aud ia it so because, from tho former, there always cometh blessing, though our minds cannot discern the re- sults overruled by a power in whose purposes there is no timo? Is it that the good arising from tho evil may bo seen on tho morrow, or re u.ain hidden in the folds of coming years P It was by tho merest chauco those two men came to Boulder Point. Had the gold scales been in their proper placo they would not have been seen and the robbory would have beeu nnattouipted, and had a closed drawer not shown abovo it the «rfc« of IL chamois baer. the whereabout.!? nf the-, widow's treasuro would have been, unknown, The men Boomed favoured by all things especially by the wind and tho inconstant light. The bark sheet beside that on which they stood was moved aside without noise and th"e two faces looked down into the darkness and waited. As to those within the store, BO to those without, there were only the rustlingajaf the bou gli3 and tho sudden hurryings of the wind to be heard. The hand of tho man Was a practised hand that struck a match silently on the cloth of his sleeve while he lay flat upon the bark, holding his arma in shelter boiow the roof { and a piece of candió was lighted, and the dim interior seen as a rope was tied in the rafter and both descended. There was a faint shine on tinware, but there was neither sound of feet or other motion, except the ra3ping3 of tho leaves. Above the square opening the moon stood steady. Clouds came and hid it, but, as they passed on, the light was poured down again, and BO defined was the contrast that it looked Uko a pillar of Silver fading and lighting and trembling, itt Mrs. blane lay listening to the wind and the leaves, thinking of the history of the last two days, when she caught Bight of tho moonlight column above tliG partition separating the bed- room from the store. She lay wondering dreamily that the little apertures she knew were in the bark could admit BO much light, and was wander- ing into dreani3 with a distorted picture of a shah's palace, pillared with silver, when the sound of a tinkling chain ran in upon ber below the other noises, or rather through them, as though the stillness of quiet was without and within. It was not repeated, but she knew the sound came from the gold scales, and she sat up, startled by the remembrance that Bhe had not, as was her custom, put the gold away in tho place she had chosen for its safe keeping. Naturally this brought to her memory the faces of the two men Bhe had seen in the store that day, and, rapid aB her thought, she was standing like a ghost on the floor of her room. She walked noiselessly and unsuspectingly from her bodBide and in a few paces had reached tho store. Mrs. Blane neither screamed nor fainted when abe saw that a sheet of bark had been removed from the roof, and when was presented to her the picture of the two mon Bhe remembered as seek- ing after 'onest toil. And yet that pioture was a very startling one. The light of the candle was full on their eager faces, and it glittered on their 07il eyes. Neither spoke, One of them had he .a the little bag open that the other might eee the soft yellow glmfc in the neck, and he leaned oyei it with a look of fierce greed, Thon they looked into each other's eyes H ith the piece of burning candle between them, and whether the one saw the other's thought reflected, or whether the occa^ sion and peed of caution came to both, their eyes fell simultaneously. Had the ghost, with its white wrapper and white hair, that was standing j at the doorway, been seen, there would have been j murder done, for theie was that strange wolfish expression in the faces that come to men when last has seized them. The success of the first search stimulated them to further effort, if hap- pily another prize might be obtained. One raised the candle and looked down the store where "Widow Blane had been standing, but he saw only the gloom and heard only the monotonous sweep- ing of the boughs upon the roof. Both stood watching thus as the candle threw big profiles on the wall behind them, that mored, rising and falling with the motion of the dull flame, aa though giants, with huge features all contorted, were the invaders. The patriot put his hand upon a brandy bottle, but the weight of that of his com- panion pressed, back his arm with sudden power, and the determination on his big face was not to be resisted. He placed it on the shelf again and resumed the search, while his companionneld the flickering light, and by motion urged to haste and caution. By this time Mrs. Blane was looking yet mon ghostly and unreal in the moonlight. Its coming or going behind the clouds did not hide the mov iug figure that was so silent and so fleet. Th< gold that was in the hands of those mei represented all her possessions, and in it wer« centred hopes of tho future, not for herself bul for her daughter, who slept. And if thatdaughtei awoke and gavo the alarm before Grant's hut wat roached there wore terrible possibilities. Hoi hurry and caution gavo way to a haste, almost wild, and when tho shrill cry of a night bird overtook her, she stood and trembled below thc terriblo necessity to retain thought and compo- sure. She passed the pilo of wood which Grant had laboured at somo hours before, and even thoa his words came back with the strength ho showed and the want sho felt, and a thrill of pleasure at the memory of his figure and his presence just touched and left her as she saw the dark roof of the little house against tho trailing clouds, and over among the coming and the going shades. Grant was asleep, but the first tones of tho whispering, shaking voices disturbed him. They were familiar, as the recurrence of a dream is familiar, and he opened his eyes on the darkness with a sigh at tho illusi >n, when the tones came whispering and in fear. " Get up, for Heaven's sake, Jack, and help me now. There are robbers in the storo. Oh 1 Jack, forgive me and help me." The speaker, or rather tho prayer, for it was a prayer she seemed to speak, it was so low and earnest, and yob so wild, heard a bound behind the logs, heard a moment's silent hurrying, and without noise, Grant stood by her with the moon on his face, and the moon an hors. Hor voice had warned him, and he spoke low : " What is the matter P Robbers in your store ? They are strangers then. Do not try to keep up with mo; thero might bo danger." He left her, and ran swiftly. The woman hur- ried, too, trying to keop his figure in sight, and a short minute after he had disappeared through the open door sho was near tho threshold. Grant, barefooted as he was, walked with a pecu- liar, noiseless elasticity, and to those inside tho silenco remained undisturbed, although tho miner was cautiously making his way from the storo door to whero they were. He did this so rapidly and so noiselessly that his powerful and set face seemed to bo banding almost over them when they saw him. None of tho three mon Bpoke. Tho digger with a blow of his powerful arm, struck tho man nearest, and tho patriot foll stunned. Ho turned in tho direction ot tne ot-ner, wno had sprang back, and was just able to see, for a fraction of time, the upper part of a faco ns reso- luto as his own, the gleam of an eye upon a pistol barrel, while tho nan presenting it coolly held the candle in advance to assist his aim. There was no sigu of tremor in tho weapon and none of weakness in tho face that waa lovolled with it. The same glance showed him tho white figure of Mrs. Blane corning through tho door in his foot- steps, when a sting struck him and spread through his frame like a thrill of cold, a great noise seemed to thunder down upon him, tho whole placo spun round, and ho lay bleeding. The searcher for 'onest toil ran to hiß com- panion, who by thia time waa on his feet, and be- tween thom there was a moment of irresolute pause, then a sullen word or two, and ail was in darkness. Tho bar that secured the front en i trance was lifted from its rests, and the two men ! were back [again amongst tho shadows and tho lights of th e deep stillness that was abroad. Mrs. Blane saw the men, and in a dazed, con- fused way procured a light. When she saw Grant lying so still in the faint, that was like death8 and put her light rapid hands upon his brow an 1 upon his heart, she uttered no cry of fear, but she spoke tender words of endearment as she carried him some brandy in her shaking hand; and she lifted his head upon her knee, and forced somo of the spirit between hia lips. The wounded man opened his eyes, and saw bending over him the winning face, and heard faintly a melody and a meaning in her words he had never heard before. 