ROCKHAMPTON. FRIDAY. DECEMBER 12. 1884. IMPERIAL FEDERATION. IN the address which the Hon. John Douglas delivered in the Merchants' Hall, Edinburgh, on the 10th of October last, he made a somewhat ambitious, but, as it turned out, rather poor con- tribution to the discussion of the question of Imperial Federation. There was too much sound without substance ; too much eloquence for all the wisdom it carried wrfh it" It will be useful, however, inasmuch as it will call atten- tion to the subject, in the modern Athens of the United Kingdom. In *' the grey metropolis of the North," it will be a wonder if young and vigorous intellects are not attracted by the magnitude of the question, its imperial significance, its prospective greatness and importance; and if the subject be not forced on the attention of these hard-headed, sober-think- ing " brither Scots," It ia of a char- acter to possess charms for the Scottish intellect, involving as it does in its ultimate settlement, the considera- tion of constitutional points, in prin- cipal and practice of the highest in- terest. The address will lead the coming men to look into this matter, with which they will be called upon in their day to deal. They will not be able to avoid it,' " Whether for good or bad" It has been well remarked, " the growth of Greater Britain is an event of enormous magni- tude. * * * In not much more than half a ^century the Englishmen beyond the sea-supposing the Empire to hold together-will be equal in number to the Englishmen at home, and the total will be much more than one hundred mil- lions." In his estimate of the increase of population Mr. Douglas sets down the population of Australia fifty years hence at twenty millions. How this vastpopulationmay beheld together is tlie question which lies at the rootof Imperial Federation. Between the Anglo-Saxon race, which peoples the United States of America, and which occupies the British Isles, there is a. large community of feel- ing and sentiment. On the principles oi government; on those which regulate trade and commerce ; and on those wliicli control social intercourse, and govern domestic relations .their opinions are ii: harmony. 'Nevertheless they are dif ferent nations, and, through a series oi unfortunate accidents, there has sprung up between them a wall of partition, which the lapse of a century has failec to remove. The great concern of many statesmen in Australia and in Britain ii tp discover means by which such aeci dents may not occur in their experience They feel the force of the political axiom j oh which Mr. Douglas commented-tim there would be in federation strengtl for mutual objects. Indeed, the futur existence of the Empire, it is contended will be impaired without union. A present the population of the Britisl Empire is equal to that of the whole o Europe, excluding Russia. Dismembe: it Let Canada, the ' West Indiai Islands, the Cape Colony, and the Aus tralasian Colonies become independen states, and then Britain will sink to i third rate position among the Europeai Powers. That is not "a. consummatioi devoutly to bé wished!" Fault is tob found with the Hon. John Douglas for having in his address insisted so vehe mently, we may, almost say, on colonia independence, without at the same tim defining exactly what kind of indepen i dence he meant. , He spoke pf ai Imperial Federal Union, in which the political independence of Australia and Canada should be recognised. Did he mean that the colonies were to have the power of declaring war against an enemy, or of entering into bonds of mutual defence with other countries; that they were to have the power, so recently denied Queensland, of annex- ing a territory unoccupied by any Euro- pean people. When Mr. Douglas enlarged as he did on the improbability of a nation of twenty, million peoph continuing to be subject to the dictatio of a state, separated from it by thousand of leagues of sea, and claimed for th colonies complete political independence his hearers must have thought he mean what he said. From other parts c his address we suspect that was nc exactly the case. He regards Parliamentary Federal British Empiire Union of the talking shop kind ns chimera, which he hoped would nevi be attempted. What he thinks migl be aimed at is the formation of a Comic of Advice, and the maintenance c agreement between the different pan of the Empire. Quite so, but who ai to form the Board of Advice, and o what terms is agreement to be sustained On these very important points the orat< was silent or obscure in his utterance In the opening part of his address 1 referred to the Australian Federi Union, and said he anticipated it woul contribute to strength for mutual object while it would recognise separate ma: agement for separate objects. It is pity, we think, he did not look with lil favour on the carrying into effect of tl same principles in connection with Ii penal Federation, for by movement : this direction, will it be secure The class of subjects to be considered I the Australian Federation will present demand tile attention of an Imperi Federal Council, in so far as they rela to j the Empire. It is absurd to su pose, moreover, that, when Canada and Australia have each a population approximating to that of Britain ; a domain that exceeds it many times in extent; and industrial and com . merdai interests of magnitude and , value,, they shall submit to be in- volved in war, without theil- consent to engage in it being in some measure courted and obtained. An Imperial Parliament must be formed, and we do not see that it should prove of the "talking shop" kind Mr. Douglas dreads, The subjects that will come before it will not pbe of a party character. (Surely the" march of intelli- gence will prevent matters of imperial interest being dealt with by representa- tives from all parts of the world on narrow principles. Among the items of news in the latest home papers is the announcement that an effort is being made to secure a seat in Parliament for a native of India. Should the claim of the millions of India to direct represen- tation in the House of Commons be recognised, in the admission of L. Ghose then the colonists of Australia and Canada may seek the privilege of repre- sentation. How long will they be con- tent with that which the constituencies of the United Kingdom may confer. Notwithstanding Mr. Douglas' eloquent address wc are of opinion that colonial independence is incompatible with the maintenance of the integrity of the British Empire ; and that the latter will only be possible by the formation of an Imperial Federacy, in which all parts of the Em- pire shall be fairly and justly repre- sented. When they have widened the franchise, and completed the distribu- tion of seats in the United Kingdom, the Imperial Government will soon learn there are others claiming a more important franchise, and that a large scheme of distribution of seats must re- ceive their consideration. AT thc first District Court held in Cairns on the 28th ultimo, a case was tried before Judge Noel and a jury, in which a man called John O'Neil was charged with committing an indecent assault upon a married woman named Mrs. George Smith. In the course of the trial several witnesses were examined, and evidence elicited which does not seem to have been suitable for publica- tion. After retiring the jury found it im- possible to agree upon a verdict, and twice returned to the Court with the same state- ment. Thc Judge was, therefore, under tile necessity of dismissing them, but before doing so he passed some severo strictures upon the levity with which, in the course of the trial, some of them had conducted themselves. He said it was only the fact of its being their first Bitting as jurymen that prevented him punishing two or three of them for their disgraceful behaviour, but, be continued, " they might be sure they would nover again be called upon to net as jurymen." This latter reflection while no doubt conveying a severe rebuke, and, to honorable men, what would assuredly be considered a sufficiently heavy punishment, ie likely we are afraid to lie but lightly on tho conscience, and té make but little impression on the feelings of the jury einpannclled on thc occasion. It is not seldom that the attendance uf jurymen, as required by law is looked upon by citizens as u duty from which they would williugly be freed, and it docs seem that in administer- ing punishment to the ill-behaved jurymen in this particular form, the Judge has established a precedent which is by no means likely to act as a deterrent to such condnct in future. In fact, the moral to bc drawn from his dpcisiou is calculated to have the tendency of increasing the evil which it was Judge Noel's desire to repress. A juryman whose nerves are irritated, and his temper ruffled by heilig obliged to listen for hours and hours to the dry details of a voluminous array of evidence in cases which in themselves may sometimes be trivial enough, has only to remember how Ms twelve brethren on a former occasion escaped from further molestation, and accor- dingly proceed to follow their example. We are afraid that until the feelings of the com- mon run of our jurymen have become a little more acute, it will be necessary for the gentlemen of the robe to appeal to their feelings in a much more direct, effective, and personal manner, before any very marked improvement in their behaviour can bc ex- pected. IK the case of indecent assault with wliich O'Neil was charged at the Cairns District Court, and with regard to which the first jury could not agree upon a verdict, on the follow- ing day a second jury was einpannclled, and the trial gone through as on the previous day. In summing up Judge Noel said he hod care- fully considered tbe case, and examined the evidence with great care, and in this instance he had determined to exercise the right al- lowed to a judge, but seldom used, of express- ing as a thirteenth juryman his opinion on the case, and that opinion was that the case against the prisoner had been proved. He faire his reasons for coming to the conclusion e had arrived at, at the same time warn- ing the jury that he gave it, but as his opinion, " without wishing to influence their deliberations." What this last declaration means it would be difficulty to say. We should imagine that a judge, exercising as, Judge Noel on this occasiod pro- fessed to do, his right of advising the jury in the ' capacity, of what he styled the "thirteenth juryman " he was clearly entitled to expect that his opinion would influence their deliberations. If not, it is a puzzle to know for what purpose it was given. The closing scene in the case, however, is the most remarkable of all. After thc jury had retired for au hour returned with a verdict of not guilty the judge paid them a very questionable compliment, by stating that though they had not considered the evidence strong enough to convict the prisoner in his' opinion lie was guiltv as libelled, and he, the judge, completely exonerated thc party assaulted of any blaine in the matter. Had the thirteenth juryman, therefore, retired with the other twelve, there could be no doubt as to what the verdict, as far as ho was concerned, would have been. We have always thought that thc dividing linc between the province of judge and juryman was strongly marked and clearly defined. We arc rather pleased the Cairns jury taught Judge Noel that a judge, when he assumes the rule of both judge and jury, is overstepping the bounds of Iiis legitimate functions, ana rendering trial by jury a farcical proceeding. IT will interest members of the Central Queensland Farmers' and Selectors' Associa- tion to heir that the Gort nimmt Gnzettr notifies thc issue of fifteen quarterly timber licenses in thc month of October. As important musical event will take place at the School of Arts this evening, when thc Rockhampton Philharmonic Society, will give their first public performance. The first part of thc programme will consist of Cowens Cantata, The Rose Maiden. Tliis work has been in rehearsal for some months, and as we understand tho members of the Bociety are well up in their parts, a treat may be looked forward to. After the Cantata a miscellaneous programme will be disposed of. IT is officially intimated that a&lcgraph; office ie now open at Durah. .f7--" IN the 8. M. Hrrald we_ne»iie"the nauie of MÍBS Eather F. Cripps as the winner of silver medals for German and arithmetic at thc late Sydney University examinations. THE sixtieth monthly meeting of Building Society No. 8 were held last night at the office of the Secretary, Mr. R, L. Dibden. The sitting directors were Messrs. Carl Harden and J. Williamson. The sum of £316 6s. lOd. was received and five advance shares were sold at 10 per cent. THE valuation of property in the munici- pality of North Rockhampton is treing pro- ceeded with by Mr. Temple, who has now completed the inspection of all tenements and land within the borough, some of which was Ereviously unknown to him. He informs us e has great difficulty in ascertaining the names of owners, as property changes hands so rapidly. MB. H. T. GLEKDEMANK notified his inten- tion yesterday of transferring three twenty fourth interests in the Palm Reef, Crocodile, to Mr. A. W. Gray. Messrs. W, Watkins, B. Goldsmith, cud G. Watkins intimated they would transfer to Mr. A. Feez, in trust for the Block and Pillar Goldmining Company, all their interest in thc Block ana Pillar and No. 1 West Block and Pillar claims. IT is long since we have had such a long Bpell of unusually hot weather as this week. Wc have bad four days in succession with the thermometer registering over 100° in the shade. Yesterday WOB a little cooler [than Wednesday, but so little that it was only noticeable when the thermometer was con- sulted. In the evening dark clouds banked up in the south-west and about nine o'clock a gale of wind prevailed for a quarter of an hour. It was followed by thunder and lightning and a heavy fall of rain. The shower only lasted about half an hour. AT the Police Court yesterday John Rickards a cabman was charged with being drunk and disorderly, Constable Hughei stated that on Wednesday night prisoner wai on the footpath near the Criterion Hotel holding an argument with Mr. Lamacb about a cab fare, Mr. Lanarch offered him auhillini and he would not accept it. Witness told prisoner to go away several times but li« would not. He then arrested him for beinf drunk. John Manton stated that he aa« Rickat-dB at the Criterion Hotel on Wednes day about ll p.m. He had an altercatioi with Mr. Larnach about acab fare and said he wanted to go home as his horse had been out all day. He demanded a half-a-crown fan and refused to accept a shilling. He wai quite capable of driving his cab. Mr. J. A Lumach also gave evidence and said thi prisoner was a little "tight.', He was abb to look after his cab. The case was dismissed MR. J. PALMEK, of the Port Curtis Road lost a horse yesterday in a gather extraor diunry manner. He was in town on Tuesday evening, and attended a meeting, and on th way home at a late hour he called at th house of a friend. He tied his horse up out side, expecting to find it when he come ou again, but in this he was disappointed. ] had disappeared in a somewhat mysteriou manner. Being unsuccessful in his search fe it, he had to make his way home on foot. O Wednesday morning the animal turned up i the yard ol an aldermauic friend ; but how i got there no one knows. The councillc happened to have a horse of his own, and i resented the intrusion by kicking th stronger so vigorously as to break one of il legs. The poor brute lingered in agony ont yesterday morning, when an end was put t its sufferings by a bullet. There is a questio to be considered in connection with the casi which we leave for "amateur lawyers" t ponder over-Who is responsible for the lof of the horse ? ' . COMPLAINTS were rife yesterday about tl: length of time thc Dolphin was kept waiting i the river before the Health Officer wei aboard. Mr. A. T. Wood, agent of the A.S.Î Company, informs us that information wi sent to Dr. Thurston about two o'clock yeste day afternoon that thc Dolphin would arru here about four o'clock. A quarter befo: that hour she was seen steaming up the rive and a messenger was immediately despatch) to Dr. Thurston's residence, and he w informed the Doctor had gone down to tl wharf. AB the latter aid not appear, second messenger was sent for him, but it w not until a quarter past five o'clock that I went alongside and granted pratique. Tl result was that the steamer had to anchor mid-stream for an hour and a-half, with tl English mark by northern and south« routes on board, and the Post Office officis had to hang about during, the delay, and wo after hours. We make these remarks n with the intention af finding fault with t' Health Officer, but in order that the pub! may understand howthe rivertrafiic is delayi by the quarantine regulations, and the rea» the home correspondence was not delive earlier. AB fish and turtles arc consumers of anim diet we looked upon the proclamation of reward for their destruction in our lagoons injudicious. We commend the follow! paragraph from a home paper to the notice our civic fathers t-A short time ago gn complaint was made at Manchester that t water supplied to some parts of the town h a very fishy smell. As this could not denied, the city analyst was directed examine and test the contents of the re* voirs. It was probably imagined that fi must have got into these receptacles, and multiplied os to impart their odour to 1 water. The inspecting official has discover! on the contrary, that it was the absence a not the presence of fish which lay at the ri of the mischief. The reservoirs were full pond snails, and these interesting creatui deposited their spawn on the sides a bottom, os it is their habit to do when cc fined in an aquarium. Had fish been prese they would have eaten both spawn audsnai but the finny tribe being banished the spa' was left to decompose and to impart to < water the objectionable odour in questii Orders have now been given for the introdi tion of char and trout into the reservoirs, I some time must elapse before their operatic will extirpate the enemy, and in the mei time the water is likely to have a very i pleasant perfume. SOME excitement waB caused yesterci afternoon by reports being current that th children had been drowned in the river. , accounts were consistent OB to the scene of i alleged accident, but otherwise they w totally at variance. We beard first that th boys had met with a sad end, and afterwa two boys and a girl, and again one boy c two girls. Thc rumours were trac to a chattering woman named Sec who resides ucar the Gasworks. S told some neighl>ours that she 1 seen three children drowned in the river n the north bank, and inside the fence of Pasturage Reserve. This statement > noised abroad, and eventually reached ? ears of the police. Inspector Stuart I Mounted-constable Barry proceeded to Gasworks, and having at length discovc Mrs. Scott, tiley gleaned the particul mentioned above, with the addition that husband had witnessed tho occurrence. 1 Stuart inquired for Mr. Scott, and i informed he hod gone fishing immédiat after the drowning was supposed to h occurred. The Inspector incredulously marked on the strangeness of the proceed! and the neglect to give information, visited North Rockhampton, and made most minute inspection of the river bank the spot indicated by Mrs. Scott. There discovered the marks of children's feet in mud to the water's edge. They were of t day's formation, but the downward ' , covered by tbe upward track. Mr. Stuart ' came to the conclusion that the little one« j had retraced their steps iu the same way as) they hud reached the water. He searches^ for clothes, but fafled to find any, or ar£ circumstance to impress him with - the truth of the woman's tale. Up till nine o'clock last night no one waa reported missing, and j we trust Mrs. Scott was the victim of, an ' optical illusion. I THE distribution of prizes to pupils at j tending the Central Girls' State, Allens I town, and North Rockhampton Schools takes place this afternoon. Parents are invited to attend. WE observe that meetings are being held in Brisbane and other towns at which resolu- tions are carried in favour of petitioning th« Governor to grant a reprieve to M'Nell and Williams, now under sentence of death fox murdering two islanders when engaged tn the labour trade. We hope our Mayor has not overlooked the matter. THE suggestion made at the last meeting of the Benevolent Society, for the inauguration of a bazaar In aid of the Children's Hospital, has already assumed a practical shape, much to tile credit of the ladies who were entrusted with the management. It is intimated by advertisement that a sewing meeting will ba held every Thursday afternoon from four till six o'clock to make plain and fancy work for the bazaar, and we trust the ladies will re- spond to the call. A despatch from Galveston, dated the 9th instant, to a New York {»per. Bays : Walnut Grove, in Walton County, is enjoy ing a remarkable sensation. Among the most respected residents of the place is Mise Laura Shelnut, who has passed the mnrldla» of youth, but yet remains an active partiel pant in society events. About a week ago she had a dream. Before her imaginary gage was spread the panorama of the BurrounHing country. A young man, elegantly dressed and ornamented with a red necktie, stepped up to her, and pointing out a certain spot, told her to dig, and wealth would be hera. Just then she awoke, and the young rnan waa gone, but the memory of the dream wo troubled her that she slept no more that night. Last Friday night the dream waa substantially repeated. The third night she again had the dream, which so impressed her that on the following morning she went out« and, sure enough, at the designated spot, about two feet under the ground, she found : » small tin box filled with gold coin.., There are witnesses both to the finding «nd digging up of the box of gold. The whole .com- munity is excited over the finding of. the treasure. ..i.-.' FOB about ten days reports have' been circulated in Worksop that the portion of the town known as " The Common was nightly haunted by a ghost, and as many persona Srofessed to have seen it at various timas etween ten o'clock and midnight, many women <ind children became so frightened aa to render it almost impossible to persuade them to go out of doors after nightfall, On Sunday night, about half-past ten o'clock, a. man named Carson Was going along Kflton Road, which leads on to the common, and ak he came to a corner he heard a scuffling and some one calling out for help. On turning the angle he saw a man on the ground, andón the top of him the ghost, dressed in white. Carson at once sprang at the " ghost," and got hold of "it." At the same tune he saw! that the person the "ghost"'vms .holding down was a man named Greosby. Carson, having hold of the " ghost," determined 'to stick to it, and a struggle ensued, In the midst of which the man Greosby, who waa terribly frightened, ran screaming ' away. Eventually the "ghost" got away, and rani amongst the timber in Garsidela;wood-yard, and was no more seen. Carson fatter]' tri recoguise the "ghost," and cannot"say whether it was a man or woman. The affair ia causing a great stir in this portion of the . town.'' ? ' - ? u '?./ ';(i ' Av aeronaut hamed Dale bas had a narrow'' ', escape from drowning (says a home piper). ' ' Along with his wife and a young mun named' ', Lowe, the aeronaut had been making series of" ascents in the balloon, the Sunbeam from the, Forestry Exhibition grounds at Edmburgh, and although he hod bad several adventurous journeys he was always fortunate in lauding onterru Arma, descending urmally in Fife- ? shire. The aeronaut, his wife and'Mrv1' ! Lowe, left the exhibition grounds m the ' balloon at 4 o'clock on Saturday afternoon, ( " and immediately they were lost to sight m tv' ' ' thick mist which has been prevailing iii' the "' Lowlands of Scotland for over a week, flo far as could be seen, the balloon took an | ' easterly course, and as was afterward¿sjsoer> » tained, it proceeded In this direction to. tabor T a distance that the party found themselves'^ ' above the open sea at the joining of the Firth11 of Forth and the German Ocean. As the bailoon was being carried further out to' nea!,' and os darkness was setting in, Mr. Dale ex- hausted the gas and descended in. tbe Forth,... three miles west of May Island. The positione r,; of the party was here fortunately.seen by the (' crew ot a fishing boat, who proceeded to their '. rescue and lauded them at Dunbar. Mr>, Dale, immediately on Unding, telegraphed.to). L the Forestry Exhibition officials and'to hu acquaintance tu Edinburgh assuring them of the safety of himself and bis companions. ' Had it not been for the presence of the fishing boat in the neighbourhood of the descent the parry would assuredly have perished, the oar of the balloon being of ordinary wickerwork. " WILLIKG" end "thought-reading" ^riv marks the Brilisk Medical Journal) have natu- rally become society amusements, and are especially popular at the universities among '." the undergraduates. They are interesting enough, ff rightly understood, but are nos ", without theirperils and mischiefs, of which two* cases, reported at the last meeting of tbe ' Cambridge Medical Society, afford charac- teristic examples. The one case was related by Mr. Deighton. In November of 1883, he was summoned in urgent haste to see an ; undergraduate. He found him surrounded by :* his friends, who said they bad been playing the willing game, and that he had been blindfolded and willed; s3on afterwards be ' became tottery on his legs, and went off into a state of convulsions. When seen fae waa tossing about on a sofa, with face slightly flushed, tile movements at the arm and lega being most irregular, almost equally exagge- rated on both Bides. The muscles of the race and neck were least affected, but he spoke in a jerky way, and, on putting out his tongue, it was protruded and withdrawn suddenly. He was quite conscious, clear, and collected, and said that he tried to prevent himself tossing about, but could not help it. The pupils acted to light, and were natural in size. He recovered after calming treatment and rest. It waa an attact of induced chorea and hysteria, brought on by mental strain. Mr. Wherry reported also a case. He was sent for one evening to see au undergraduate who had become suddenly ill during the willing game. It appeared that his friends had blindfolded him in the usual manner, and wero willing him to do some simple action, when all of a Budden lie became weak iu the knees, and had to be helped to a scat. The handkerchief was at once removed, but the patient did not seem at all himself. He found Him leaning against the mautlcshclf, looking fixedly downwards in a dogged and morose attitude. He answered questions in Mono- syllables in a hesitating way, not stammering, but with a jerk, ana without expression. Usually, his friends said, his manners were natural und polite. The pupils were dilated, with no action to light, and his memory was a blank as to the detailB of the game, lie was sent to bed, and when seen the next rooming he was better-his pupils normal, and active tn light, but his manner was still mid, and his speech remarkable. When advised to leave Cambridge for a few days' change he refused rudely ¡but was afterwards persuaded by his friends, and returned quite veil. Mr. Wherry remarked upon the strange state in- duced by this willing game ; the dogged and morose manner, dow replies, no action of the pupils tolight, rapid recovery, and no recocollcc tion of the period during which he waa being willed altogether a condition which, he waa informed, corresponded with the hypnotic or mesmeric state, and one which medical men Were interested in. 