Dorothy Forster/ By Walter Bbbant. Chaptbe XVI.— FRANK AND JENNY. I cannot forbear to mention a thing which happened at this time, so strange, so contrary to reason and experience, so far removed from the ordinary stories of apparitions and phantoms that, had I not been agitated by a thousand tumultuous joys, I must have been thrown by it into great apprehensions, end perhaps have felt compelled to lay the matter before the Bishop. The thing was chiefly concerned with my maid Jenny. I have already explained that she was an active and faithful maid, clever with her needle, a good hairdresser, modest and respectful in her behaviour to me, whatever she was to others. With all these virtues, it ifl grievous to remember that if ever a woman was a witch and had dealings with the Devil — why, even Mr. Htiyard, who is always most cautious in these matters, confesses that the matter is 'beyond his comprehension, and he knows not how to explain it, or what to eay of it. Let us remember that at Blanch land she saw apparitions (though others saw none) to the terror of the village; and there also she wad said to lead about a rustic whom she made to do whatever she pleased (this at the time I believed not, though now I know that it may be true). And at Dilst-jh she acted parts either of her own invention or imitated the actors or declaimed what she bad heard to such admiration that the men gazed upon her with open months, and the kitchen-maids dropped the dishes: and the .rider women crossed themsalves. Gipsy blood will show, they say; no doubt these outcasts are in Borne sort more liable than the rest of us to diabolical pos session, and it is by this dealing with the Devil, and no other way, that they are enable! to read the future, predict fortunes, and, above all, id bewitch a man, and make him do whatsoever they please. ? It was on the morning after the day of gifts, a gloomy and cloudy morning, with mist lying over the DevUswAter and the meadow beneath the Han.; the gentlemen were out In the fields shooting ; Lady Katharine was, I suppose, in the chapel; lady Mary was dozing in her ohair; the maids were ell at work below and in the kitohen. I, having nothing to do, and a heart troubled, but full of joy, began to roam by myself about the great house. First, I went into the Library, where few ever sat. ; Sometimes my Lord went thither to spend an hour; he wae a gentleman of parts, and possessed as much learning: as befits a.man of hie rank. An Earl must not be a writer of books or a poet by trade, though he may, as Lord Rochester did, write witty -and ingenious verses to be given to his mistress or to please the Court. Frank Radcliffe was often there, and sometimes Mr. Howard. :To-day When T opened the door I saw. the good old jprttBt sleeping beside a great wood fire, on his knees a massive volume in calf , with brass clasps— no doubt % leerned work on theology. -So, not to disturb him, I shut .the door ajjain quite quietly, and .went along the passages among the many old rooms, hung with tapestry, and fur *ntBhea after an antique style. 'Some of them were occupied ' by the guests, but all 'tor the moment were empty, and! looked curiously into them, half afraid Of the deep shadows in which ghosts might linger. -If I entered these silent 'chambers I peeped hurridly Into the mirrors, afraid lest, as has happened to many honest people, I might see a second face in addition to my own, or, which is woree titan a whole Procession of Ghosts, not my own face at all, but quite another one— *a strange, a threatening, and an angry fact or the face of a demon. I have often prayed to be protected from this form of Visitation, of which I could tell many fltories, but refrain, merely saying .that it is no' surer indication of great disaster than thus to see a strange and tAgry faco in ^emiiror instead of your own. ' ? ? - . . The house being so silent, the air without so misty, and : theTOoms so dark, it is not strange that I presently fell into that expectant spirit in which nothing seems strange, «o that if all my ancestors on the Eadcliffe side had with one consent marohftd up the corridor to greet me, I should have takenitssnothingout.of the way or even unexpected. It is a condition of mind into which it is easy to fall when one's mind is f ulL . . J . Now, as I walked along the passage, I became aware of a voice : it wasa low voice,.which I knew very wall but did not remember at the time whose it was (when one's head was full of Lord i/'erwentwater, could one remember the voice of a servant maid?). Without following or seeking; after that voice, I walked by accident straight to the room whence it came, and, the door being open, and I not think ing one way or the other whether I ought to look or whether I ought not, I not only looked in at the door but I walked into the room. Truly I was as one in a dream. The thing which I saw awakened me from my dream, i ? .. ? — ??- *~ -~ ~- . »-» — — — ?*?' m^m 'and I started and was seized with a horror, the like of which I never felt before and hope never to feel again. Bemuse I saw with my own eyes.the bewitching of a man by a woman. ; It was a large low room without much furniture, and I think it had once been used for a children's room, for there were little chairs about, and broken toys. There were only two persons in the room ; one of the two was Frank Kid clifie, end the other was none other, if you please, than Jenny, my own maid. That Frank should condescend to hold conversation at all with this black-eyed gipsy girl might have filled me. with wonder; yet I was not so loung or so innocent (what country girl isf) as not to know that young gentlemen will often stoop to rustic wenches, to their own Bhame and the just ruin of the latter. But Frank was not like many of our young bloods, a mere huntirg and shooting creature, bom to destroy vermin f jr the fanners and provide game for the table. He was a gentleman of high breeding and polished, nay, delicate matners, no more capable, one would think, of being led out of himself by the flashing eyes of a village beauty than my Lord himself : a scholar too, and man of books. Yet, here he was; and, with him, Jenny. The girl was sitting en a chair with her back to the door, and, therefore, raw me not; not did she hear my footsteps; before her, like a boy at school before his master, stool the young man. To. think that «he should sit and he be standing! But, Oh ! Heavens ! what ailed him ? Hia eyes were open and he gazed straight before him, so that he looked info my face, but he seemed to. see nothing : his arms were hanging motionless : he stood' erect, like a soldier with a pike in waiting for the word of command : his cheek was pale : he seemed as one whose soul had fled while his body \- waits for its return, or as one entranced, or as on* who walks in his sleep. Tet, with the strange feeling upon me as if anything might happen and nothing was wonderful, I stood where 1 was and looked on in silence, though what I saw was beyond the power of the mind to conceive. Were they play-acting ? But in no play-acting that ever I beard of does the actor go through his performance with face so motionless. Therplay- acting was nothing. Jenny lifted her finger, Frank did the Bame. Jenny folded a paper into a kind of narrow tube and gave it him, muttering something in b low voice.'. Then he put the tube to his lips and made as if he were smoking a pipe. Then Jenny made another gesture, and he dropped the paper. ' Think next,' ehe eaid, imperiously, (( of my own people, the Gipsies. I want to know what old Granny is doing and what she is saying. If eho is making a charm, tell me how ehe makes it.' ** There is a gipsy camp/' he replied slowly, but with no change in his eyes, ' outside the houses ot a village. They have drawn their carts round an open space, where there is a great fire and a pot upon it.' ' And Granny — what is Granny doing ? ' 'I see an old woman lying upon the boards in one of the carts. A young man lias beside her groaning and twisting about.' iC What does Granny say ? ' ' She bids him cheer up; for what is a simple flogging at the cart-tail when once 'tis over ? And what is a sore back to the rheumatism in every bone ?' ' It is my cousin, Pharoah Lee,' said Jenny. *? Poor Pharoah ! He has been Btealing poultry, no doubt. The back of him should be of leather by now, unless backs get the softer for flogging, like a beefsteak. Well ? Leave the camp, and think of my Lord, your brother. So— where if he?' ' He is walking beside Tom Forster, fowling-piece on shoulder. But he looks neither tonight nor left, and he is not thinking upon the birds.' ' What is he thinking upon then?' 'He is thinking,' replied Frank, still with fixed and glassy eyes, 'of Dorothy. His mind is quite full of her. He can think of nothing ^else. He has told her that he loves her, and before she goes away he will tell her so again. ? Sweet, Dorothy !.' he says in his mind. 'Fair Dorothy ! There is none like Dorothy Forster.' ' ' Now, when I heard these words it seemed to me as if the things'! saw and beard were ghostlyand sent from the other world, wherefore I fell into the deadly terror which seizes upon those who behold such things and receive such messa ges, and 1 shrieked aloud and fell into a swoon, whkn lasted I know not how long. When I came to myself, I was sitting in the chair where Jenny (unless it was a vision) had been exercising her witcheries. She was kneeling at my feet, beating my palms, and putting a cold, wet towel to my forehead, with a face full of terror and surprise. ' Ah !' she said, 'you are better now, my Lady.' 'What is it, Jenny?' I cried, clutching her hand and looking around. 'What is it? Where is he?' ' Where is be ? ' she repeated. ' Why— who ? ' 'Mr. Francis Radcliffe.' 'Mr. Francis? Indeed, your Ladyship, I know not. I suppose he may have gone put with the gentlemen shoot ing, or, perhaps, because he is a studious gentleman, he* is in the library, or talking, maybe, to Mr. Hilyard. What should Mr. Frank be doing here r' ' ' Nay— but I saw him ?' ' Where did you see him ? Oh ! madam, rest awhile. Your poor head is wandering. You must have had a' shotk/' ' 1 saw him— I say— here with you— wicked girl ! with your sorceries.' I pushed her from me; but she looked astonished and not guilty at all— which was most strange. 'Alas! madam, what sorceries ? I know not what you mean. ' I was in your own room hard by, putting up the lace for your hair, which I shall dress by and by'— my own room was dose at hand, but I had forgotten it—' when I heard a loud cry and a something fall, and ran to help— and oh! dear— oh! dear— it was your Ladyship lying on the floor all by yourself, with your poor face aa white as a sheet.' ? '','.'. ?'But I saw him— and you ? ?' I looked about the room; there was certainly no Frank B^dcliffe there. , Then ' I started to my feet; the fascination was quite gone; it went away as suddenly as it came. I determined to seek out Frank end Itarn the truth at once. . 'Stay here, shameless girl,' I cried. ',If thou hast lied thonshalt leave me ibis moment, even if the village folk burn thee for a witch, as they called thee at Blanch land.' I hastened along the passages and down the stairs to the library.; Oh, most wonderful T Everything, with one vxception, was just, as I had left it half an hour before. Father Howard slept in the quiet corner beside the fire, bis gnat volume on his knee; on the hearth there slowly burned, «mong its white ashes, a great log ; the silent books stood round the walls, and about them hung the portraits of BadoliSes dead and gone ; through . the windows 1 saw the ?white mists hanging over .the meadow and the narrow bad of DerHswater. , Everything the same, except, that at a table before one of the windows sat Frank himself , two or three books before him. 'Frank!' I cried. ' 'Dorothy! What is it! Your cheeks are white and your eyes are frightened— what is it Dorothy?' 'Bow long have you been here, Frank 5'' ~ « I think aU the morning, Dorothy. Why P''. ' I saw— that is, I thought I saw you, but just now, in the North corridor. . Perhaps it was imagination. Yet,' I thought— were you not there, of truth?'' . ' 'Indeed, I have not left the Ubrary since breakfast. I mutt have been asleep, like Mr. Howard, for I find I have .not tuned - the page for half ak hour and more. „ Do you , think, Dorothy, he asked earnestly, 'that, you have seen a ghoetf This Dilston, they say, is full of ghosts. But I have seen none, as yet' . 'I know not,' I replied, ' what I have seen— or what it means. Frank— you have told mo the truth ?' I could not doubt the truth of his straightforward eyes, nor the sincerity of his assurance. Wherefore, with a beating heart, I returned slowly to my own chamber, and found Jenny in tears. I thought 1 must have seemed harsh to her, feeling now certain that what I had seen, was a vision of a disordered brain. _ Tet, why should the brain of a girl newly ifiade happy by. *he most noble lover in the world be disordered ?- Therefore' I bestowed upon her a frock, a hood, and a pair of warm cloth gloves, for a New Year's gift, and told her that I must have had some dream or iJBBn -some vision, and that I blamsd her no longer, though, at heart, I felt some suspicion still, because the dream or vision, if such it had been, remained in my mind clear and strong, bo that I could not choose but think it real. And, yet. that Fiank should have bean in the library since the morning and sever once left it. 