THEATRICAL GOSSIP. " Princess Ida" is not a real success at New York. Dion Boucicault says he has written 400 playa. We believe him. Wilson Barrett's welcoming supper to Lawrence Barrett a great success. " Pinero" is now referred to in New York as "the champion dramatist failure of the world." Memoirs of the once idolized Mario are to be published shortly by Zanichelli, of Bologna. Much quarrelling among shareholders of the_ Alhambra. No sixty-five thousand in dividends there. Joseph Maas will be Carl Rosa's principal tenor for the present season of English opera at Covent Garden. American managers are beginning to reduce professional salaries. Brooks and Dickson are taking the initiative. Sardou, in addition to the five-act drama spoken of elsewhere, is also at work on a three-act comedy for the Paris Vaudeville. Colonel Mapleson was arrested recently at San Francisco, for neglecting to carry out the municipal regulations for tne prevention of fire. J. B. Polk has produced " Eastward Ho," expending £600 on scenery alone, and Sydney people are filling the Opera House night after night. J. H. Martin, once well known in Adelaide as an "oldman" and character actor, is now a tin miner at Tingha, New South Wales. Wilson Barrett has been selected to respond to the toast of " The Drama" at the Royal Academy dinner to be held this month. A eon of Justin McCarthy is about to marry Miss Laura Linden, a clever young actress, who appears with George Rigaold in "My Partner," at the Olympic. Frohman Brothers, tne American managers, have opened an office in the Strand, and engaged W. E. Chapman, late of this city, to look after their English and Australian business. Mrs. Georgina Weldon, famous in the Law Courts and as Gounod's bete noire, is actually going into the music hall business, having been engaged by Alcock to sing at the London Pavilion. M.M. Chivot and Dura have been commissioned to translate Planquette's and Farnie's last new comic opera, " Nell Gwynne," for the Parisian stage. It will be produced at the Bouffes. The drama that Sardou is now completing for Sarah Bernhardt has the scene in Paris, the period being that of the Renaissance. The cost of necessary costumes and scenery will be £8,000. The Church and Stage Guild propose to appoint a Committee who shall act as censors of new plays, and to report thereon, so that others Bhould know what to see and what to avoid. Dion Boucicault is writing a book on the players of his time. It will doubtless be interesting; yet some of the best actors are, curiously enough, bitter bad judges of either plays or players. It is said that Samuel Brandram's recital of Dickens's " Cricket on the Hearth," given altogether independently of books or note, is a perfectly marvellous exhibition of pathos, humour, and loss of identity. Marie Litton (Mrs. Wybrow Robertson) was one of the most delightful impersonators of Rosalind and Miss Hardcastle ever seen on the English stage. She died early in April after two years' dreadful suffering. At the Grand Theatre, South Shields, the manager finding business dull went in for a gilt-distribution, his prizes including potatoes, rabbits, sugar, door-mats, buckets, rire-shovels, and frying-pans. Now, Pollock Some people lately rebuked the managers for the unmilitary aspect of the squad of soldiers in "In the ranks," but were decidedly out of court when informed that the men were a genuine detachment of the Scots Greys. _ The boots of a popular French comic opera singer cost 170 francs, it appears, flours of argument were listened toby the Court when, quite naturally, the bootmaker sued for payment, and judgment was postponed for a wepk. Merritt lias obtained the use of a Nordenfeldt gun for "The King of Diamonds." The last scene represents an English camp laagered with the Dutch lines in the distance, and a supply of lager-beer for the tl'OOlJS. Joseph Derrick, author of "Confusion," has written a new three-act farcical comedy, called "Twins." which the Lord Chamberlain refused to license because the leading character is a Bishop. It has been bought for America. It is rumoured that when the Bancrofts revive Sheridan's "Rivals" at the Haymarket, such attempts at reconstruction, to save frequent changes of scene, will be made, that the author's ghost must put in an appearance to protest. M. D61ibe s opera " Lakme" has been produced with immense success at the Theatre Argentine, Rome. The composer was called for no less than twenty times during the evening, and complimented by Queen Margherita, who was present. Toole hopes that Wilson Barrett will produce " Coriolanus" and not " Hamlet," because he could burlesque the former, not the latter drama, as he prefers to draw the line at Shakespeare /" Will Mr. Toole tell us who wrote " Coriolanus f" Our three most popular tenors—Sims Reeves, Edward Lloyd, and Joseph Maas— had each and all of them an attack of hoarseness one Tuesday afternoon, and were consequently unable to sing at a concert for which their names had long been in the programme. Mrs. Langtry, who was engaged to appear in the Theatre Royal in August, has written to Mr. Morris Greenwall from New York, under date of February 26, to say that she does not feel equal to coming to Australia this next spring, and must postpone her tour for another season. She writes that she is quite worn out, and feels it necessary for her health to spend the summer in England. Mary Anderson finished her London season by the perpetration of a gross mistake. On the occasion of the Duke of Albany's funeral the Lord Chamberlain issued a circular to London managers, informing them of the event, and that no commands would be given lor the closing of the theatres in the evening, the managers being left to do "as they may think right." Mary conceived the tatuous determination of remaining open, and so advertised. Finding herself alone in this course, she, however, at the last moment was seized with a convenient illness, which did duty as a pretext for closing the Lyceum after all. Now, as Miss Anderson's success was achieved greatly through the support of the Prince ana Princess of Wales, and "the rest of the Royal Family," it is said that her want of tact will cause the loss of this august patronage, and her next season consequently prove a different matter altogether. When the ticket-office opened at the Grand Orera House, San Francisco, for Patti's first appearance, the citizens present had a very lively time indeed. Speculators, as usual, got in ahead. The general crowd, numbering fifteen hundred persons, burst in the doors, destroying all tbe plants, pictures, and ornaments m their way. A boy was badly hurt by being hurled through a side- door of the vestibule. Men's coats and ladies'dresses were torn from their backs. Several women were seriously injured, and many fainted. The crowd threatened to tear down the box-office and gut the whole building unless the office, winch had been closed, was opened. At this juncture speculators appeared, offering five-dollar tickets for fifteen dollars; but they were SOGU given to understand, in a very forcible manner, that unless they wished to be torn in pieces they had better not repeat their offers. The windows of the box-office were smashed, and screams, groans, and imprecations filled the air. Eventually a detachment of police managed to disperse the unhappy opera-goers. 