A Ghost Story. IN these days of stern reality, when "hideous phantoms" and "unreal moekerics" are treated with a 16thy scepticism (excopt wheeIthe seeptics are alone in the witching time of night), ghost stories seldom come to the ear of persevesng peripatetic pickers-up of -iars. But allet lwe have unearthed one, and a local one, too. In a-certain house in a certain stret a creature from the world of spirits nightly visits, and plays peculiar pranks. He is described as dark, almost Ethiopian in fact, and large, and he delights to place his arm round the necks of sleepers and treat them roughly. He has been at work for about six months, and now he has frightened the tenants away, and has the house to himself. About six months ago an old lady lived in the house. The neighbours used to hear her yelling "don't strangle me" in the night; but, as the neighbours thought she had been making too close an acquaintance with spirits of another kind, no notice was taken of her. After a time the old lady vacated the house, and another woman-a lone one-took possession. The dark spectre frightened her considerably, and, had she not arrived at maturity, it could have been safely said that it had interfered with her attaining a stature, which, in the ordinarycours, showouldhare reached. One night the woman induced her neigh hour to allow her little child to sleep with her. The ghost, however, was not deterred by the presence of a third party, and in the night he made his appear ance and threw his gaunt arms round the woman's neck. She rose up hurriedly and fled to the mother of the child, and sought to persuade her to come with her to the house. Superstition is strong, but maternal love is stronger, and the mother removed her child from the house. What the sequel was we know not; perhaps the phantom vanished when the woman fled. The woman, as might be expected, handed in her notice to quitdt next morning, having only been in the house about a day and a half. The next,teniant was a member of the Salvation Army. Heewasvery roughlytreated bythe supernaturalvisitor, who, perhaps, has an aversion to Salvationists. HapIpy Joe, for in some such name the army man rejoeces, avers that he did not sleep at night during the time he lived in the house about a fortnight-and that the ghost used to scruff him by the neck and drag him to the floor. The house is now to let. It is a wonder the Salvationist did not try the eflicacy of prayer. 'he oldlady did, with effect. A noted 'bus-driver made an arrangeo mecnt with two other individuals to call there when Ice came from the station in tile early morning and sit up thle remaoinder of the night to investigato the affair; but whether lie ropected of his decision or not when the cold gray of morning brokle upon hIis vision, or felt his courago oozing out at his fingers' ends when the tihno came, we know not. Anyway, bhe did not turn up. 