TSS €©HTRIB©T08. ?^TliS Wparliie of the;:Blue.' Blue is Nature's favourite tinge of the prism. She loves ! it, and' is lavish of it ; and what so adorable as Nature when i*e is not slovenly, in mixing her colours P AH hutnanity but the hopelessly blind look without let or hind rance on the azure ambient-outer ceiling of our large and rather crowded earth- house. Science, with-enchantment : breaking frankness, tells i us that there is no sky nor bluenets of it, that wemerely look through ratified air upon a vacuum. . But; put that aside ; let us love blue while our common roof appears bo. .' \ . ,? ??-?. ..: ,--,. ,. ^ . :-?.-?? ? .. ?.??.? With every, restless agitation of the ocean you see how 'deeply darkly beautifully blue ' ifr ? Is. Blue eyes ere the loveliest ^ soul-windows, and often have a foreglow of Heaven in them.- - The 'peace-disturbing Helen's were tbat hue, Mjomesay, and Lflilh, the first wife of Adam, with -her golden looks,, had eyes with, un fathomable bluedepths. The eyes^f Pallas were blue, and so, no doubt,; were, the, Syrens'. Scores of our earth-star flowers bear, the idiviue sky-colour. Who would like to be without the bltte forget-me-notf i - Our blue blood is the best of blood; onr bluejackets are the beBttjf sailors; and what higher praise on earth than to be called ♦?ifrne bluer?' :. The 'Garter 'is blue, if lam not mistaken, an&: so is a famous French decoiaiioh. The best'oplourraajour flag is the blue ; and do wenot all, frotn * birth to fleath, through much heartburning and'tribula tion, 'istrive for the '?Jblue -ribbon' of our particular J ? calling?, - ??.??? . .' ??' '? ????: ??-??-?.????:.-???'?-? ???'?? ' . . Itis trne that as awt-off we have the ??tines/' synono* mous with ill-temper and grlmness, lawyers' blue bags, 'Parliamentary '.'blue books/' blue ghost flames, 'blue stockings,'' though surely in a lady a little, just a ' twi light tinge of blue ' . should not fee alarming bnt charming ; Blue Beard, Hhe ideal polygamiBtflgre, though, by-the- way, some people have endeavoured to show that, upon the whole, he was rather a cheerful and facetious personage. In some Eastern countries blue dye, -obtained 'from the flowers of ihenllksia, is the colour of mourning, ? But these are ^nly foUe to *how with greater' Iwtre the far-spreading; deep- teachtali1 trpfritual Buggestjyeness of \ our(«olour— 1 am bappy to |*y my ^»lour. , ; It has . always been' '??-* significant colour, ;; land ; ; £to- fia-. 'his ' been given' new^stoengtfi tod beauty to Its Cmeaplng;. Messrs. Booth and ?tHdfor'is 'bit of .blue*?. Tias^floV good to thousands already; ana almost incalculable are the benefits Oat will be reaped fr-m it in the future. I do not think tiiese gentlemen have 'exactly the prover bial ^'passion for reforotog tte/Srbfla'' that most Vagl- tatortv an supposed^© possess, wd which, upon the whole, isadisagre«bleatid4tnpertinent thing, awl another h*me for flneddling; but*** JeaSf they arer trying to slake ihJB worldtemperatfe; and^hat is a aesirable tmogp* b, consum mation d^ontly^to be wishBd;' for we alliaiowthatat, , present it takes rather inore ftan is good tor i^elf. A' pretty labour of Hercules-Hiai tonour 46 tiiem^for*t?»mpt AUBobef world 1 Think of ihe blifs of it. That wonld be the Goldeh'Age oome again ; but I fear the time is still 'far. off, foR'the'Pope AngehTO lias not come yet.' Perhaps, however, Meaers. Booth end Glover are his ' fpre-runnere.' '? The^' blue' fe in 6pen protest against 'intemperance In even -6rm and every person— an outward aad yiaible ;sign of one's belieL It is to be hoped ttat alj will be true bine —iraetoih«tfcoidurB^';--^ :';:'-'': ^.';- ^r:!i': ''-' It nwty *& itfrgeaiUis* wearing :'of 'blne-'iooks top much like parade ; but uhtil men areteaoejatter* different pattern,' the fceart and feelings of the taultitttde will be reached ^through what they see in others. Cavillers say that a man who'abstainB from drink or anything else with out being outwardly bound is a stronger and better mioded man than one who need's external tokens, to remind himself and others of his prinoiplex. That is not the point. The 'blue' as an avowal of principles ie a silent example to others, and a safeguard against temptation, particularly against that pernicious, health-destroying, puree- lightening system of ' shouting^' People will not ' shout' for a blue-ribbon man, nor expect him to do so; bo an argument is thus saved. And argu ments are very senseless and even brutal things ; they never convince; the most they can do is to atunand con ''The- wearers of the **blue ' Save one faial—they will; sometimes be laughed »t. Iu Hmm enlightened, fiaei teopledo not burn or gibbet those who disagree with them, they merely laugh at them, which is wone in one way, for it tends to make a man ridiculous, and through him his cause. One .would rather be tortured than ridiculed. It is better to be a martyr than a laughing-stock. It is in some respects a pity, that persecution hes gone out of date. Faith and principles were more firmly held1 when. there was the chance of having them burnt in. '* Let those laugh who win.'' The wearers of the blue will be laughed at, perhaps. Well, that will do the laughers good if there is any truth in tho old eaying — Care to oar coffin adds a nail, no doubt, ? .. And every laugh bo merry draws one out. So that is right ; and as for the ones laughed at, ^ * little, ridicule and oppoBihon does not strengthen their resolution, as it would do in light-minded petsonp, then it will only thin cowards from the ranks ; so that is right too. I hope the movement will only stop when all have taken the ' blue ribbon,' or when tbe drapers have no more to sell. It is tobe hoped that in the interests of temperancesoma one wilt invent a drink to supersede those thin, obnoxious, waehy beverages, lemonade, eodawater, pingerbeer, &c.; Anyone making an agreeable non-intoxicating drink will help the temperance cause wonderfully, and make money besides. ??'????' . As a wearer of the '* blue,' and with the proverbial zeal of a proselyte, I have tried to make converts, and have been to -far successful. Bnt the reasons given by some for not joining are curious. One old man, a notoriously hard drinker, who has beau assiduously testing bis liquid-holding capacity for years, ' said to me, 'I will join, so I will; but as I'd like to join when I'm sober, I must have this bout over first.' As the old fellow, like Mr. Ben Allan, is always in a state of intoxication, partial or complete, tbe ' bout,*' as he calls it, will probably last the whole term of his natural life; and if he dons the ribbon, it will probably be in some other sphere, so 1 have not much hope of seeing in him a ' burniog and a shining light' for Ihe cause; the 'dreadful example' is more his roU. ' Alas ! what direase is there like alcohol P' Another that I asked eaid he had our barrels of cider at home, so he could not join then ; and,' added dp, T-y way of encouragement, *' we make cider from our apples every year.' I am not in hopes of this man either, unless his apple crop fails. ? Another, a swarthylyouth, said : ' As for me, blue never was my C3lour, but if it had been red, you know.' This person has a taste like the Scottish las*, who ' liked na gaudy colours,' give her plain reds and yellows. Not a promising case; I must wait till his taste becomes more aesthetic. One lad, who since he joined has led what Sydney Smith celled the' Hfe of a razor, always in hot waler or a scrape,' among hia companions, told me— 'Tho other fellows were always pulling it off, but I stitched it on again, with strong thread, too.' Plenty of courage there. I hope all the wearers will sew it on firmly. A ribbon for total abstinence from drink is well; but are there no other vices that we could openly ? forswear with benefit to ourselves and the world at large ? Though per-' haps it is true that a man without small -vices is a monster, yet such a monster would be decidedly more agreeable than drinkers, smokers, slang-userc, &c.; , A red ribbon, say, for total abBtinence from swearing— and, what is woree, slang for swearing is wicked, 'and slang ' is worse than wicked, it's vulgar'— would do good by making men and women talk less rubbish than at present, and be of service to philology by. keeping the ' well of Eng lish pure and undented.' By straining imagination a little, itis on the cards that in this painfully progressive age evangelists will arise with; different colours and shades of colours for every vice and shade of vice under the sun, and for new ones born of the times will invent a new colour. . . It would be a good idea, for the state of one's morals could be seen at a glance. It would be tq our. minds an index bo plain 'that he who runs might read.'. One's virtue would he gauged by the number of one's ribbons. A man would trust another with ten, but take to his heart one with twenty. . ... The revolution in trade would be great. Drapers would do well; for the coats of very good young men would increase to an alarming extent— from collar to. toe would scarcely give room for all the badges. These are a few people of my acquaintance who, if they forswore all the vices and disagreeable things they ought to, would have every square inch of clothing covered with variegated hues, like a patchwork quilt or a modern Joseph's coat. Indeed if most of ub were obliged to publish the state of onr minds in this way, what bright-tinted rainbow coat* fronts we would have— tbe Royal jStuart and M'Lean tartans would pale -beside them. I know that I should require something very gorgeous myself. I am afraid, though, -that then we should Compound for sins we are inclined to By ribboning tnot e we have no mind to, which is * Hudibras' a little altered, and what we do in effect every day. ' .'',', . ! By following fancy I have -wandered afield, but not so very far, perhaps, for all Iwish to say has the same point^ -fiuceees to Temperance and'Tbe Wearing pf the Blue.' 