Agnosticism.* An anonymous author has given us a new "Pil- grim's Progress," built on the lines of the old popular and delightful book, but meant, not only to pourtray a different pilgrimage, but to some extent to counterwork the very object and purpose of the earlier allegory. Imitations are proverbially less successful than original conceptions. It is difficult, said Mac- aulay, when speaking of Bunyan's work, to make any allegory go on all fours ; it is doubly difficult to do that with an adaptation of it to new ideas. In this little book, however, there is a pilgrim who flees from a city and a terror, who has to break away from old companions and solicitations, and find new friends and instructors ; who passes through a slough, makes for a wicket-gate, gets to an Interpreter's House, where he sees instructive wonders ; has to climb a hill difficulty, meets with various comrades on his journey, gets rid of the hindrance with which he started, dwells in Vanity Fair, stays for a time in the Palace Beautiful, gets armed for his conflicts, falls into the clutches of a giant, and at last reaches the land Beulah. But though the forms and incidents of the pilgrimage are preserved, everything else is changed. The city to be quitted is the City of Superstition, the friend to be shaken off is the preacher of the doctrine of Fear, the slough to be passed through is Irresolution, the new teacher is Experience, the wicket-gate is Doubt, where the porter is Suspense, the Interpreter's House is Science, the Palace of Beauty is Art, the giant is the Spirit of Paganism, and Beulah is the Home of Truth. So far as the poetry of the Pilgrimage is concerned there is no gain in the substitution. The old story is prettier on the surface than the new one and leaves more for the imagination. It is a daring thing too, for any modern author to provoke, as a mere storyteller, a comparison with the unlettered thinker. John Bunyan was a genius without know- ing it, and therefore of course without trying to show it. He was gifted with great natural powers, and he had acquired a splendid command of vigorous Saxon language by saturating his mind with a loving study of the English Bible. The greatest masters of the English tongue since his time have read and reread his unpretending work with marvel at its unconscious skill. Coleridge said that he had read it three times—as a child, as a philosopher, and as a Christian—and each time with increasing delight ; and even to those who have lost their hold on Bunyan's creed, his book is still a charm. It would take another man of genius to work on his lines, and do better. It is no reproach, there- fore, to our author to say that as a work of art this new Pilgrim's story provokes unfavourable com- parison. The interest of the book lies in the fact that it comes nearer to our own times—to our own business and bosoms. Bunyan's book was an offspring of the age of evangelical revival ; we are now living in the age of scientific scepticism. Man's notion of his pilgrimage varies according to his conception of what is behind and what is before. According to Bunyan, he is escaping from the Devil to rest in God. According to the modern teacher, he is travelling from Nowhere to Nowhere. Carlyle, who was himself no sceptic, formulated the philosophy of doubt in "Sartor Resartus." "So has it been from the beginning, so will it be to the end. Generation after generation takes to itself the form of a body ; and forth issuing from Cimmerian night on Heaven's mission appears. What force add fire is in each he expends—one grinding in the mill of industry ; one, hunter-like, climbing the giddy Alpine heights of science ; one madly dashed in pieces on the rocks of strife in war with his fellow ; and then the Heaven-sent is recalled ; his earthly vesture falls away, and so even to sense becomes a vanished shadow. Thus, like some wild-flaming, wild-thun- dering train of Heaven's artillery, does this myste- rious Mankind thunder and flaunt in long- drawn, quick-succeeding grandeur through the unknown deep. Thus, like a God-created, fire- breathing, spirit host, we emerge from the inane ; haste stormfully across the astonished earth ; then plunge again into the inane. Earth's mountains are levelled, and her seas filled up in our passage ; can the earth, which is but dead and a vision, resist spirits which have reality and are alive ? On the hardest adamant some footprint of us gets stamped in ; the last rear of the host will read traces of the earliest van. But whence ? O heavens, whither ? Sense knows not ; faith knows not ; only that it is through mystery to mystery, from God and to God." Each one of these ghost-like passengers across the earth's surface is self-conscious, and, according to the modern critical philosophy, ought to be an Agnostic ; that is, he ought to admit to himself that he does and can know nothing for certain either as to his past or as to his future, and that even as to his present he has to rest on the evidence of his senses, which are certainly fallible and sometimes misleading, and which at most can deal only with the surface of things, which are but —————————————————————————— * "An Agnostic's Progress from the Known to the Unknown." Williams and Norgate, London ; Robertson, Sydney. —————————————————————————— appearances. What, then, is to become of Faith ? Is it to disappear from the lives of men—that Faith which has given us so many martyrs, which has been the illumination of so much genius, and the inspira- tion of so much of the world's best work ? It is to reappear, says the Agnostic ; but at the end of knowledge instead of the beginning. We are not to know because we believe, but to believe because we know. Faith is to rest on reason, and we are to believe what is provable. "The Agnostic's progress from the known to the unknown" simply means then the advance of science ; it is the gradual ascertainment of what the human intellect can discover ; as to getting to the unknowable, that will never happen. Faith is good when what is believed in is true, but mere make- believe is of no use either for character or perform- ance. It is idle and useless to keep down doubt when it is growing up naturally in the mind, or to repeat a creed when there is no sincerity behind it. It is necessary to accept the situation, and no real pro- gress and no spiritual life are possible simply by holding on desperately to formularies which have become hollow. This is the idea which the author has been working out in the volume before us. The Agnostic is the modern Pilgrim, who leaves what was once the City of Faith, now re-named the City of Superstition, and who works his way amid alternate encouragement and discouragement towards the home of Truth. Quaester, or the Truthseeker, stands in sorrow and despair be- fore a little, plain, square church, where he has vainly sought rest for his soul, when a stranger says to him, "Flee from the Fear that kills, and make straight for the Wicketgate of Doubt." Metus, the pastor pf the Church, struggles to retain his old hearer ; but Experience presses his advice, and the Pilgrim sets off. The Slough of Irresolution is the first trouble that is met with ; and Metus once more tries his persuasion, though in vain. In representing fear as the essence of orthodox reli- gion the allegorist is of course one-sided, though it has no doubt played a very large part in Christian theology—far larger than it does in Scripture itself—and there is a strong reaction against it in thousands of modem pulpits, where the Gospel preached is that God is Love. Still there have been great revivals of religion due to putting in the fore- front the doctrine of eternal punishment. "Fear," says the Apostle, "hath torment." Granted, say many preachers, but torment is useful and saves a man from worse, and men cannot be torn from their lusts ex- cept by being frightened. Dr. Pusey, who was neither a Calvinist nor a Puritan, and who set himself steadfastly against the tendency to soften the idea of future punishment, maintained in his serene old age that if that doctrine were abandoned it would be im- possible to lay hold of depraved men. Looking, how- ever, upon the world as it is, and as it has been for the last eighteen hundred years, can it be said that the doctrine of punishment hereafter has done its work ? We do not trust to it to secure order in civil matters, and to keep down crime we make punish- ment present and not future. Even those, however, who believe in fear as the beginning of religion admit that the sooner it can be got rid of the better, and therefore to flee from the fear that kills is a step in the pilgrimage of life which, when taken, is well taken. After getting out of the slough Quaester encounters Compromise, who dislikes extremes, keeps his opinions to himself, and declines to scandalise other people, comforting himself with the thought that there must be some truth in what has been so long believed. His daughter Myra, however, has been completely bewitched by Chasuble, a young priest, of the restored temple. Her intimate friend Gracius has too much sense for that, though she, too, is uneasy in the old Church. After passing through the gate of Doubt, Quaester finds the air more stimulating. The porter, Suspense, before showing him the road, asks him what it is he really wants. "Is it the truth, or anything short of the truth—such as position, domestic happiness, edification, or peace of mind ?" The answer being "the truth above all," he is directed straight to the Interpreter's House, where he finds three great halls— the Stone Hall, representing geological science ; the Hall of Plants, representing the science of vegetable structure and growth ; and the Hall of Life for biology. Next to that comes the Palace Beautiful, and then the Valley of Humiliation, where once more there is a struggle with superstition, and a temptation to turn back. In this valley he is overtaken by Gracius, who, like himself, has become a pilgrim, and for a time they journey pleasantly together. But at last the maiden, whose passion is more to be of service to her fellows than merely to get at truth, is decoyed by a black-robed priest. Father Boniface, who suits his teaching to her temperament, finds for her the work she is craving, and for the sake of which she accepts the accompanying doctrine. Quaester, who thought he had found a life companion, has another trial in breaking away from a maiden whom he cannot persuade to go with him. His next com- panion is Thorough, a type of the thorough-going savan, who ridicules the unknown and the unknow- able with a scorn and bitterness that pain Quaester, who still has a tender feeling for his old faith, and with whom he finds it impossible to keep up. Then there comes a long residence in Vanity Fair, in which Quaester finds work to do as a reforming journalist, and where he often meets with Gracius. Passing thence he falls into the hands of Giant Despair, who is simply the Apostle of Pessimism. The Delectable Mountains form the next stage in the pilgrimage, where the shepherds are Knowledge, Experience, Watchful, and Sincere. The allegory halts a little here, however, because it is difficult for the Agnostic to reach any point in his journey which can be specifically described as more delectable than any other part of the route. The end of the Journey is the most disappointing part of all. "I expect not," says Quaester, "the Home of Truth, which some call the Land of Beulah, to be a final resting-place, but my last school, where I shall wait until my change comes." How can there be a final resting-place for those who are ever on the march ? The advance of science will never cease. Individual discoverers will drop out of the ranks, but the army will be perpetually recruited by new comers. There will be no Home or Truth till the last fact has been discovered and classified, and the last law correlated with all others— till all the knowable is known—and then, that will not be the Home of Truth, but only of so much as men can discover. That will be the last achieve- ment of the human race. But to individual pilgrims the end comes with no Home of Truth reached or in sight. The individual life is like an inch in a thread of almost infinite length, and when the sharp scissors cut it, it is detached, and its con- nection with the rest destroyed. The pilgrimage of humanity may be indefinitely prolonged ; but the pilgrimage of the man stops abruptly. The Agnostic does not reach the unknown — does not even find out that there is an unknown to be reached. He simply stops short and disappears. The contrast here between his ending and that of Christian in the old allegory is the greatest of all the contrasts in the two stories. Bunyan revels in the Oriental imagery of Scripture, with which he lights up the concluding pages of his story. The shining ones meet the pilgrims as they go up to the city, music is in the air, a triumphal anthem comes down on the wings of the wind, and as the gates open a glimpse of the unutterable glory is seen, with the escort waiting to greet the pilgrims and conduct them to the throne. The whole story works, up to this finale—an end that more than compensates for all the toils and sufferings of the way, and the story of which may raise the courage of the faintest heart that is setting out. But the historian of the Agnostic has nothing of this to tell. Gracius, who stands by the side of the dying Quaester, and who is holding before his eyes the symbol of her faith, says to him, "Now tell me what do you see and hear ?" "Nothing," said Quester. "Cannot you see the heavenly light round the sacred token of our re- demption ?" "I see nought but you, Gracius, and Heaven in your countenance. Though my eyes are fast dimming, I shall see you to the last." "You touch that supreme moment when the Here and the Now change for the Infinite and the Eternal. Would you not fain escape this awful test ?" "Truly, I would fain rest with the known, which is so fair and so dear, but I fear not the unknown. The old familiar days are dear to me, the faces and the voices I have lived with so long. How I shall fare elsewhere I know not." And that is all. It is the end of the pilgrimage, because the pil- grim dies, but is it an end in any other sense ? Is it an end accomplished, an object achieved, a career rounded off ? Except as one out of a succession of human lives, is there anything that can be called a progress from beginning to end in such a pilgrimage ? Is it anything more than a detached fragment ? Has it any subsisting indivi- duality ? Is there any prolongation into the Unknown, any interest in the Beyond ? 