SALARIES AND SUIBlti^ Sydney Ttleqraph. Tim story of the suicide cf a bank mana ger near Bourkc, which we published in our tclegruphic columns on Monday, could not be read without a feeling of the profoundest sadness. The victim was only 21 veare of age, and he was probably one of the uot very numerous class who are described as being 'generous to a fntill ' Ua .t-n* 4l.„ reposed in bim, and rathe r lhan face the consequences of his infidelity he destroyed bis life. The first impulse is to say thai | in commuting such nti act he cxhibitc-1 cowardice, but a little reflection shows that he did jnst what ninny generally brave men pliuod in similar circumsiauccR would have done. Jlivon the most courageous have their moments oi' weak ness, and at such times they commit acts for which they ought not to be held responsible. In the case under considera tion half a dozen things combined to produce temporary despair, and whilst ju that state tho fuial deed wsis performed. The report in Bouikc is that the young man's salary had something to do with his suicidal act It it- s- a i - 1 that the sum lie rcceiveu was nut adequate to tlie posinon he filled, and that if liis employers bad given Lira proper remuneration for liis services, he would never have btcomc iuvolved iu the difficulties which resulted in his double crime. We cannot say whether these statements are true or uot. But what is worthy of consideration is that there is an impression wide y preva lent that the managers of the country branches of the several banks ate uot paid as they ought to be. The average stipend given to managers in towns of the size of J-Jourke is, we believe, about £250 or £300 a year, with rooms in the bank premises. There ore some circumstances which would lead one to the conclusion that this is a fair allowance. In no sense of the term aro the duties of a banker in such towns laborious ; nor do they require a great deal of commcrcial knowledge for their effective pcrformaucct The officers are, as a nilo young men, and tbe salary is at least equal to what is paid to men of a similar ago in the other profession. Few civil servanis of 30 years of age receive more than -£250 a year ; accomplished accoun tants in -commercial establishments arc paid at the rate of about £300, and attor neys and barristers of the age referred to, whose training Las cost from £500 to £1000, seldom earn more. The fact that bankers havo the constant handling of money, and are exposed to special tempta tion, has nothing whatever to do with the question ; certainly it ought not to be ad duced as a reason why they should receive large salaries. It is not the duty of em ployers to pay their employees for the ser vices they render, and to give them an additional sum to ensure their honesty. No honourable! young man would accept service on such conditions. It is taken 1 tor granted that en ry man and especially every educated mau, who engages to serve another, will render faithful service, uo mat er what the employment may be, I whether hand ing money, or casting up accounts, or selling drapery ; and that if a man feels that handling mon y develops thievish propensities, he wi 1 immediately forsake that employment for one that does 1 not stimulate such propensities. So far the question is clear enough, and if it can be shown that banks pay their officers as much as is paid for clerical labour of a similar kind in other depart ments of activity, or a sum sufficient to 1 enable them to Jive in comfort, and save something for a rainy day, they are not justly liable to the censures which the public so freely pass upon them when de falcations hy bank managers take place. But there is an- thcr aspect of the ques tion which may partly justify those cen sures. It is said tbat the b .nks require from country managers not only ski 1 and tact, knowledge of banking and know ledge of men, but also that they shall mix freely **vith the moueyed people of the locality in which they are stationed, for the purpose of drawing custom to the bank. A manag r, it is alleged, receives promotion only on the condition that he increases the bnsm« ss in his branch. With oilier banks competing against hi ? , he cannot be successful except he is a g;-od fellow and spends money liberally. But all that lie spends in this service has to] come out of his own pocket. If thi- re. pr- scuts the truth in regard to ibis mat er, | then bank directors arc it Hiding a cruel j injury upon the managers of their ennni ry | branches, wlu-n t!i--y pay tlum such sli- 1 pends as £2oU or £3n0 p- r annum. In view of the nuuu r^us dvt'alca ions l-y hank managers that havo taken | lace, the dir-' colors of our banking institutions ought los/are no i'U'.jIs to ascertain the line cause of those ofiei.cos, and if it sdi-'uhi appe r that ihey are traceable an un 8ii horised but ivcgr.ised prac ice uf se curing cusiom by soeial convivialties, their duly will be either to formally dii-c nntf nance such methods of pushing business, or pay the expenses connected therewith. '.May Good Digestion wait on Appetite, s-^ys Shake^&rc;, but u#ood dig^s'.iou ' will ! nuver wait upon bad bread, and it is therefore j of tbe greati *-t importmcethat in making bread one bLouid use only those leavening agents ?vhieh have acquired « high repuUtio^J ibrouph lo g i, ec in ho schoMs throughout the wotld Foremost amongst thes* must be rrckou d ' I o. wick t -i j'd Modal ii;ifcinz P o-vdnr,' tvhicfi hs-J gfoO'i tbe test in every cJimate of tbe world Get ii, use it, :--rJ add jour testimony to tbat of ibe millions who praise it. | Don't Die in the House. — 'Bough on ricas' dear* out rats, mice, beetles, roaches, bed-bnps. fli'S, ante, insects, moles, jackrab *it«, gophers. 7£-i. Moses Mos«, and Co, Sdyney, General Agents. Woman's Sphere — There arc few ra- n now so benighted as to believe that woman's mission can be summed up in Shakespeare's words : '? To suckle fools and chrouiclc small beer.' Yet a woman is none the worse for knowing how to bake bread or make a custard, and in bolh these little arts she is greatly assisted by Messrs. liorwick i: Sons, who, for her conveni ence, have pjo-iue- d their eelebiated ' Baking rowdci11 an! Gold Medal 'Custard Powder.' W'i'h the former article the roo*t palatable bread, cakes, ard pastry can be produced spcetlily, and wilb marvellously little trouble; w hilst, A-ith the latter, the is independent of the domestic ben, aud can make the most delicious custards, blanc-manges, &c.;, at ball the usua. lime. Advice to Mothers 1 — Are yon broken iu yonr rest by a sick child suiTering with the pain of cutting teeth ? Go at once to a chemist and get a b .ttle of Mns. Wjnslow's Soothing Syuup. It will relive the ooor sufferer im mediat -ly. It i6 porfec ly harmless and pleas ant tn tnnta. it Diod'iccs natural, ouiet sleen. by relieving tbcch»'d from pain, and tho little cheiub awakes bright :is a button.' It Eotbes the child, it softens the gums, allays all pain, relieves wind, regulates the bowels, and is the best known remedy for dysentery and diarrhoea, whether arising from teething or other causes. Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup is sold by Medicine dealers everywhere at Is. lad. per bottle. Ghosts. — An aitc « pt ie belnp made in t ? nJd coontry to nvivc th.i I el i» f in visitarji frcm another world, tend tta:iy hie the wond» rs ful stor es that fi I torn ? of the journal?. The sceptical mird in. how 'er, mclnc'l to adopt Scrooge's ren.aik to M«rl«y'sgh s* : ' How do I kno*' thii joo arc not a bit of undigested bread?' for, of sll the p1 oat pro 'ucers, a Li: of u Leuvy' brc*d is the most potent. It is a won der, th- reform, that people do not adopt the scicst spell apaii-st ghosts by tfiing liorwick'e Gold Medal Raking Powder in making brua i : for, although it won't '? raise ghosts,' it will raiei Ureal in the most admaable fashion. Every wise storekeeper has it by him, and veiy good bousevvise bay6 it. '?Geuman Sybui\' — NTo other medicine in the worM w»h ever giv«-n pnch a test « fit, curative qualities an Dosche^a German Syruj), !n three yc«i*s two milii'm four bundnd hnugind small bottles of this medicine wrre distributed fre ? of charge hy di»gi/iH!e io !be United States of Americn to those fcfllic'ed w«th consnmp'.i n, auhma, cr»;ut-, severe coughs, I'ticomo'iia, and other dibca^es of the tlirou» and lungp. giving the aillicted undeniable proof that German Syrup will cure t' era. The result has been ihat rtrog^ts in every town ont village in eiriJiscd countries an; recoui rneniing it. to their casioim.rfl. Gotoyotir druggiut and ask wh«t they kn'W about iik Sample Bottles UJ. JJcgulai biz-, 3i G I. 'Jhiee doses will relieve any cab'. Uucau-PAiUA — Qui:k, complete cure, nil annoying kidney, bUdd--r and ui inary djgeaw b. Dru^'gitjth. Mosif, Muss & Co., Hydney, gene ral agei is. TllK AtJSTBAUAN MUTUAL PROVIDENT Bocikty. — Mr. A. Wellcsley Uogers hHBO{)eQed an o/lice for the above Society io Jiazaar-sirect, whure every facility and information will be given to those wishing to assure their lives. Til at HusjiA.Ni) or Mink is three times the man ho used to be before he begun uemg 14 Wells' Health Benewer.' Druggists, Mosc* Moks and Co., Sydney, G ineral Agents. ' Hough on Rats.' — Clears out rats, mice roaches, flie.% ants, bed-bugs, beetles, insects skunke, jack-rabbits, gophcri. Druggists. Mgcce Mobs and Co , Sydney, General A^enU, 