THE Bray Ministry " has been dead and is alive again," quietly yielded up the ghost,and became defunct- for a few hours in order that it mi^ht live aud flourish once more. Yesterday's Gazette: contains both the death and the resurrection, the resignation of Bray, Downer, Catt, Ramsay, Glyde and Smith, and the re-appointment of five of the six with Mr. David Bower as sixth man. The Revd. Canon Green congratulating Mr. Bower at Port Adelaide, said he had impressions tbat Mr. Bower would soon be in the Ministry. We venture to think that the reverend gentleman was very exceptionable in his prevision, for with most people, Mr. Bower is, we imagiue, one of the last men one would expect to have been snlectid. His hiiherto retiring and reticent habits have kept him so much in the hack ground, that with a great many, he has been regarded as a very amiable old gentleman, very much libs a chip in porridge, neither good nor harm. We are, how ever, glad to learu from some of our contemporaries, that there is a reserve of power in the hon. member for Port Adelaide, which will respond when called on. One thing is pretty certaiu as far as railway management is concerned, he cannot even if he be a chip do much worse, or much less shall we put it? than his predecessor has done, and if Mr. Bower is only able to say to Mr. Pendleton 'do this' and sees that he doeth. it, we shall rejoice exceediugly. Then the mantle of the defeated and spirit broken Glyde falls on his premier, and the versatile Johnny will appear in a new character as our colonial fiaancier, the office of Treasurer having been chosen by him. We confess t» some surprise at this choice just at the present juncture of affairs, for as the Treasurer must introduce the taxation scheme, it is clear that the premier has not shirked the post of danger and difficulty. One question constantly asked is, "will tbey stand?" The query is a difficult one, as no one can confidently forecast the temper of the new House with so much new blood and tho absence of so many of the old members. Still we are inclined to think that Johnny's luck hps not deserted him yet, and that he will make a good fight for it. This is what the " South Australian Herald " says of one of the newly elected members for Wallaroo, and shows how soon a simple statement m«y be twisted from its original meaning. What Mr Grainger did aay was in effect, that good wages would attract labor, and that if the miners at Moonta Minos were getting £1 day there would be no need of immigration:—"Our political Japhet—Vlhrdale rainger—who has been «e long engaged n a search for a father, has at length chieved his object in the constituency f Wallaroo. The mining town of Moonta as generously consented to act for him n locoparentis, and his wanderings have een brought to a happy close. The key o Allerdale'a success was his answer to c he question—" Ara you in favor of w immigration]" "Yes," was the discreet reply, " When every miner at Moonta, Wallaroo, md Kadina is earning £1 a day wages—but not before" This reply was the ' 'open sesame" which unlocked the door of our legislative halls to our friend Allerdale. ^PEAKING of high wages, people talk as if 20 shillings per day, and very high wages, was the great desideratum of the Peninsula miners, as if in tact it was the end and aim of their existence to extort an abnormally high rate ot wages from some one, no matter who. Now from what we have Been of the miners we don't believe that this is their ambition, for there are numbers with sense enough to see that especially high wag-ea could onl/ be temporary, for as Mr Graniger said, it would soon cure itself by attracting workmen fro m other countries who would, by competition soon reduce the price of wages to a level with other places. What the working man wants, whether he knows it or not, is a u fair day's pay for a fair day's work," and constant employment. It is a reflection on the sense and honesty of the laborer to say he wants for his work more than it is worth to his employer. But we know from conversations held with several of the working men of this locality, that what they want very badly is to be able to work 52 weeks in a year at fairly good wages, and not a part of the year at say good wages aud the other portion idle, unable to earn anything, We have had "com plaints made to us over and again on this point in reference to the system which prevails at the Moonta Mines, and it is asserted that the captains' average of what the miners earn is not a fair one, as it takes no account of the weeks during ths year in which the men are out of work between the takes. The average of the authorities is made, we are told, as follows :—500 week's work totall id, say £1,000, or £2 per week, therefore the average wages of the men is £2 per week. Tho workman makes his average as follows:—worked 40 weeks, out ol work twelve weeks, total receipts £80, average wages fot the year £1 10s 9d. Hence the difference between the captains' average which is based on the weeks paid for, and the miner's average which includes the time he is waiting for work. We have no desire to express an opinion on matters we don't understand, but should be glad if the miners could obtain regular work all the year through, for we feel assured that with steady work and no loss of time, combined with fair wa^e^, the worjeman is better off thau when he has high wages oue month, and none at all the next. 