Vespernal Varieties. BT VsePBBTTGO. QuicmM agunt homiaws, votam, tumor, ira, voWptas, OaxAia, Oiaewrms, nostri est farrago UbeUi. — J*UV3UfAL. ****** My Lord of Verulam once remarked in his own sententious sfcyle : — ' Men have got a fashion now a daysj that two or tnree busybodys vnii n&sa; upon them the name of the world, and broaeh their own conceits, as if it were a general opinion,' Something oj the kind happened here a few days ago, when ' two or three busybodys ' under took on behalf of the colony to tender a special ?welcome, and a ' spontaneous banquet ' to the hon. member for Whereat — Sir 'Enery Parkes. ~Why the returned eompany-fioater ehould raceive such' ovations was hot clearly shown, by the principal promoters ; and, judging from the nature of the apologies thrust forward in justification of the movement, it would appear that the bulk of the less ostentatious, but equally delighted Parkesonians had no very decided ideas of their own on the subject either. Nevertheless, it appears to have been tacitly understood by the multitude that the chief conspirators had secret and important reasons of their own for carrying out the gay proceedings and accordingly, they promptly and cheerfully acquiesced in the whole arrangements. 'Twas weiL Foe it couoerns not dependents to examine the nature and actions of their patrons ; their duty is to obey them. All this mystery -was, however, promptly cleared up by Sir 'Enery himself, for he had barely struck Sydney soil before he carefully pointed out that the distinguished honour conferred upon Mta that day waJB simply a ' recognition of bis services rinrfag past years.' This is probably the only instance on record of a patriot who, having received, an ovation from his countrymen, felt compelled to explain to them the real reason which animated their generous hearts when they decided to tender him such a spontaneous, and flattering welcome. As if they didn't know ; and he couldn't read, all that was hidden behind this overwhelming burst of glory. ****** Sir 'Enery's arrival was most seasonably- time J, for the colony has been so flushed with conquests of lata that it now requires a constant supply of heroes. One week we have the demon bowler lowering the hencoops of old England as fast as the men can set them up, and then the demon rower upends the whole world with a sample of his prowesB. After this, that humorous devil, the festive Variola, kindly conEents to appearl for one occasion only (let us hope) ; and then we were beginning to doubt if another hero could be found to fill the vacant pedestal, when lo !, Sir 'Enery loomed upon the scene, and once more it was a clear case of ' on with the dance, let joy be unconfined.' It is to be regretted, however, that our last triumph -was not a trifle more high-toned, for to some it brought up un pleasant reminiscences of the rather uncompli mentary song one PersiuB sang, and ?which, ran as follows : — Old dotard! can3*t thou tans consent to nleaso ; To pander for snch itching fools as these ? JFools - whow applause must shoot hejoad thy aim And tinge thy cheek, hronzed as it is, with Bhrnne. Once more that terrible weapon, the mysterious sausage, iB causing trouble, and the following item, clipped from the Tasmashian Mail will, I am sure, send a thrill of horror through every boarding-house in the land. It should be read at breakfast's solemn hour, with an accompani ment of ' Ghost Melody ' music, tomcat yells, and the dying groans of tram-carred poodles. Listen : — ' Mossgeil township, N.S.W., being hard up for meat, about six weeks ago, the butcaerfollowed up a mob of travelling sheep, that through starvation and weakness were dying, and as they dropped with exhaustion he cut their hind legs off. At dusk he -went out with a cart, got his sheep's legs, or whatever was left of them by the crows, and next morning the township fed on sausages at Gd per 1b. When expostulated with for giving the people unbled meat to eat, he said, ' Oh, I put plenty of cayenne pepper in ; that will put o£E any evil effects.' From a G. M. Pitt, or a poetical point of viev, the only objection to the above is the extreme truthfulness of the tale, and the same may be said of the story told by a West Sydney boarder, to the effect that on dissecting a lovely pork sausage, a few mornings ago he struck a 'pocket,' -whieh contained three brass buttons, part of a green-hide belt, and a. miners' right dated Gulgong, 1877. What -we eat is almost as great a mystery now as -what vre drink. This is good ; for where ignorance is blisB, &c.; ? jl 4^ Jt JO. 3?rom board to lodging is an easy progression, and reminds me that, although the recent Glen Innes railway ehivoo was one big yell of triumph right through, still some over-fastidious persons appear to be displeased with the tariff charged for and the nature of their temporary aeommo dation. For example, a particularly truthful Pitt-streefc auctioneer declares that, as far as he can recollect the figures, were — 3?or one black felloVs blanket and an empty cask, 30s per sight of six hours; crockery crate with, straw, J32;. ?without straw, 25s 6d ; cellar door with sheet of bark counterpane, and galvanized iron guilt, £2 10s ; top rail of a stockyard fence, 15s ; and any poor, but respectable, person could secure a spacious, if not comfortable, sleeping apartment in thebed of the creek for 2s 6d per foot. If anyone but an auctioneer said this, it would be open to some degree of doubt ; but, however, rail way openings do not occur every day in the year, and so vre can scarcely blame tLe guid folks of Glen Innes for raking in all the hay they could while old Sol was coruscating. 