/ . '.CAULFIELD TRAtNIHC . NOTES. 1 , . Saturday." . '.j.Tho Btecplechasers Frieudioss aud . Syphon, .looking i very hoarty, did slow cantors. Bally, ; witliDecoivor, Uuiberto.Outarioind Yalery,vyiis tho. next to put in an appearance. Yately, looking. wojl, , did throo times round, putting in tn'o good spurts at tho end of o.ich round, which was run ontiio course proper, whilo Ontario; Batty up, did twico' ro.unu, a fair working gallop, ana Docoivcr, in tuo 6amo.8tablo, also did tbroo rounds at a slow lraco.1 Jones's charge, Corioianus, in bandagos, wont twico round steadily on tbo grass, fini.hing OF with a spurt ; and Melodious . ran about a couplo of furlongs at a good pace; after cantering. J. G. Raids' pair, Tho Ghost: and-, Norfolk/went tho oup distanco at a fair working paco, both being very eager to improve,' it. Cupola ran onco round at a good bat and. then Boresford and The Laird worked slowly, hilt, tho former pulled up sore. J. G. Hoy wood- sent Spartan a usoful gallop of a milo, ths whito facol aon of Proto Martyr ancl Spartan looking vory woll. G. Davis's Btring were tho last to appear,- < had thoy, with tho excoption of David, who was an absontoa owing to an engagement at Elstornwiqkj' put in soma fair work. Camcrino did throe times round on tho course proper, and Btrode homo from1 the milo post, going iu a most taking- style. Ditto and tho Derby colt Dnrgo cantorod,' and then went on at an increased paco for nearly a mile, tho lattor appoaring lo tho mostadvail- tago, as Ditto roquired. a lot of riding, to' get him out, Defiance, tho linrdlo racer, patting in a couple of rounds nt n stoady pn'ce.- During the morning Nuncio and (trace Darling, and Look's pair, Scaramouch and Straggler, did long, slow work, while a number of others woro walking and trotting. . i . : Monday. Higinbotham was the first to pnt in an ap pearanco. having just arrived from. Ballnrk with Mr. Wallaces horses, Ho led off with Don Quixoto, sondiiig.'.him a couplo ' of rounds at rnodium paco. This horso looks-very strong, and willimprovo. LoGrand and Capri aro in blooming condition, the big champion going by himself four times on tho inner track a good canter, pulling up very fresh. Capri, ono of the best looking lioraos on the ground, strongly resembling Calpia in appearanco, to whomlic is nearly related, both being by Yattendnn out of Mandr, agora and Lon don i'rido, full sisters, did similar exercise, also alone. Eglinton. a 2-year-old by Tho Drummer, in sweaters, and Tissue in, tho satno stable, went iogother tbrco tirnos round at a smart cantor, both going vory Btrongly at the ond. Connolly's long string noxt took possomion of tho track, and Veritas, Friendless, Syphon, Mid night, Angler and Quoon Bess did long slow work separately. Rowo had out Nonsenso and Chester (jumpers) trotting, tho latter boing engaged in thoFindon llnrriors' Cup, and having raoro than an outsido show for Hint ovont. Polostar and Young Angler nlso cxcrciso 1. liatty aont Yatoly five times round at slow paco, and gavo Ontnrio good work; this iiorso is very hearty, pulling double. Deceiver, Malone in tho saddle, in tho same Btablo, wont a good striding gallop, taking two foncos without much olfort after going twice round. Uinbcrto was tho last of Batty s to do exorcise, tlio chestnut looking very woll, going onco round at half pace. Mr. G. Davis's Cainorino and Dargo went twice ronnd at a good hat, tho former going another round by hcrsolf at an improved paco, and anxious to go further. David and Ditto thou trotted and cantorod tho rcvorso way for three rounds, when they cliauged to tho proper way, and went a round and a half fast, David, on tho outside, holding back for his companion whon thoy finished at tho back of tho caurso. Jones's lot went quiotly, Melodious First J'op, Yiolot nnd Lizctto doing slow work, also Corioianus, who cantorod four times round ; Sir Samuel and tho Bobomian did grod work, with a spirt homo. J. G. Roid'B 'Norfolk, Tho Ghost, Nuncio and tho black Bnrra Burra did modorato canters. Robinson's Cupoin, n Caul- field Cup candidate, went iu great buckio, and Morry Fouclla did a serviooablo twico round. Borosford, a jumpor, did slow work ; Kingfishor, J. King up, doing the sumo: Egbort, from thosamo Btahlo (F. Longs) going slowly,- Hoy wood sont Spartan somo useful work throo times round, and Giideroy, with Allan up, looking nono tho worse for his Elstcrnwick Fork win on Saturday, wont four rounds on tho outor track in grand forco. .Tuesday.' . Higinbotham led off with Capri, Bonding him twico round tlio course propor at a good bat with sweaters on, tho Iiorso at first going vory lazily. Lo Grand did similar work in a taking Blylo, but hot.golugso fast as his stablo companion. Tissuo and. Ezlinton moved along very nicely, especially tho formor. Don Uuixolo also did ' two' ' sorvicoablo rounds. Howe's tlireo— tho . Angler colt, Noiisonso and Olicsler— wont fonr slow rounds on tho inner track. Syphon anil tlio cliostnut wont ovor tho schooling jumps, and porformod vory creditably, jumping in capituiolyio. .Batty np, aont Deceiver, another jumpor, a goal striding gallop on tho sand track. FriondloBS, Lisotto and Sir Samuel, Scaramouch and Straggler, ail in tbosame lino of business did good work on thoinsidoatahand gallop. Connolly's .lot then put in an appoaranco, Quoon Boss and Boizuro working together. I'olostar nnd Novel ette had a set to for half a milo, but tboro was not much in it, owing to a porcoptibio dificronco in tho wotghts. "Egbort, iu Long's Btablo, and KingfiBher, the hurdlo racor, wont a fast round on tho courso propor, 'finishing woll and loiot(ior. Davis sont .Camcrino and Dargo togothortwo rounds, coming homo with a spurt, Oamorino having tlio host of it, and looking blooming. David and Ditto, aftor an . intorvnl. wont sovon furlongs on tlio grass, ra-.iDg, David, who is improving vory much, lioid his own easily, and finisbod in front. Corioianus put in Bovcral rounds, coming bomo vory strongly tho last half milo. Yatoly, looking woll, did a good tlireo times round on tho grass with body sweater on; this korso is ono of the most liking goers at Cauificld. The Ghost and Norfolk did a galop of a litllo ovor a milo, tlio latter having tho best of it at tho finish, tho former not appearing to relish a distanco. Cupola, looking well, did rnodium work on tlio sand throe timos. also Merry Fonoila in tho Bamo stabio. Mozart, Novelette aud Gruco Darling did usofnl work, finishing up woll. Tandatiokor got rid of his rider at oxerclso nt tho back of tho oourso by stumbling ; hut sub- soquontly comp'otod his work all right, without injury lo himself or tho hoy. Uinberto wont ' a good gallop for five furlongs, Spartan had steady work; and Giideroy, who is located in tho same stiiblo, did four timc3 at a good working paco. First Pop and Vioiot wont half a milo spin, finishing sido by' sido. Melodious and The Bohemian did good work, Nuncio and Tumult going mild exorcise. Welshman, au aspirant for tho Findon Harriers' Cup, went tlireo times in tlio'middlo track, looking woll. A groat many spectators wore present during tbo proceedings, no doubt tompted by tho iinoness of tho morning to palronlao the courae. Wednesday. ' Wodnozday morning being an off day, none of tlio horses wore allowed to ovorciso on tho courso propor. Fast work was not indulged in, aiid tlio hora03 only did ordinary oxorciso, tho proceedings boing of an unintorcstlng character, although tlio courso 'is in much hotter order on account of tho rain which fall the preceding night. Tboro wero.eomo of tho usual habitues aksontees in the morning, notably Mr. Davis, with his numerous string. Higinbotham, as usual with him," was, tho first to take possession of tho truck on the insi'doj.'wkicli was good going, 'sending Lo Grand, O'Brion up, five timos.round a good stoady canter. This iiorso looks in raro ; uoart and pulled hard, ' working with sweaters. Don Quixoto and tho .two younger ones, Tissue aiid Eglinton, did similar work in. Indian filo, all looking in splendid fcltto, Eglinton, a grand 'two-year-old, being somewhat big. Capri, witli 'hood on, waB then sont a good breather four tinies. Ho is improving, and will liavo (a good show for tlio Cauifiold Cup. Rowo was oat with Polostar, doing sorvicoablo work". Merry Fonella and Cupola wont scvoral rounds in a taking stylo, tho Cup horse moving ah' ng very nicely, Violet and Tandstickor put in somo good work on the outside track. Locks, Scaramoack and a chestnut colt went 3 milc3 as woll as anything, that workod during tho ! morning. Kingfishor, with King up, onlivened tho proceedings a hltlo' by doing somo fast ' rounds and somo liurdlo jumping, nt which he dlnpcd indifferently, running round one and 'going noarly through another. Batty liad.lm ' foufout. Yatoly; looking blooming, did foiirgood rounds, nnd tho trainer on Ontario workod on tho outer track. Doccirer and Umberto went throo rounds very strongly. Hoywood's Spartan nnd Giideroy, tho lust but Tandstickor to put in an ' appearance, were sont good swinging oxorciso, ' ' Giidoroy looking well and going very strong. F. 1 Levy's lot, including Canute, entered for tho Cauificld Hurdles, RuddcrsndEgbort, went several rounds by themsoives slowly. Roid's Tho Ghost, Who' is going in raro fettlo, Norfolk and liurra Burra, went slow work tlireo times on tlio centra track. Corioianus, in Jones's stable, went ' by bimsolf threo steady rounds on the outside. Tho' steeplechasers Syphon, Lizotto, Straggler, Friendless and Midnight all did usoful work. Tho following liorsos also workod slow! j' 1 .'on tho Band track :— Grace Darling, Tho Bolio- rnisn, Melodious, First Pop, Seizure, Queen Boss and' Aiigler. On Thursday the course propor will bo' again usod, when it is expected some -fast work will be done. Thursday. ' Higinbotham, willi his string of iivo, entered tho onclosaro first, nnd ho led off with this 'veteran of his toam, Don Quixoto who did slow work on tho courso propor; which is open on'Tliur. days ; ho is looking well and hearty, nnd went round twico alone in good form. Legrand, O'Brion up, went threo timos ronnd on the sand at'lislf paco nlso aiono. This Iiorso iB the admi ration of tlio visitors to this courso, hut has not o linmencod to do any fast work ns yet. Capri and Tissue, in tho same stabio, O'Brien riding tho former, cantorod for a bit, wbon they joined issue at tho milo post and came along very fast to tho end, finishing togothor, the filly going splendidly, but having much tho best of tho weights. Cnpri, ns is usual with him, was vory sluggish nt start ing. Eglinton, in a hood with his trainor up, did modiuin work. Batty next nppoarod with Docoiver, Ontario, Yately and Umberto. Ho sent Yatoly good work onco ronnd, nnd tho horso thou broko away at tho Cup distanco, going vory fast for tbroo furlongs, after which ho steadied down to a long, slow cantcr. This horso is looking as woll as anything nt Cauifiold. Tlio trainer on Ontario, and a boy on Dcccivor, then had n good sot to on tho sand track, throo miles, Ontario, ridden oat, running over his companion nt tho ond. Umberto went the courso proper, nnd was tho l ist of tho string to perform. Ho can torod onco ronnd, and then did a fast fi vo furlones, showing a lot of improvoraont. Rowo, with his two chestnuts, Nonaonso and Chcstor, did sororal slow rounds on tho sand, and uftorwards Chostor incrcaso 1 his paco, tho jumper acquitting himself creditably, ltowe, on Polostar, and Novollotto, in Connelly's Btablo, aftor oxoroising mot at tho half milo post, and enmo away at a good bat, tho lattor finishing in front p-otty comfortably. Pole- star went anotlior round alone. Seizure, who ran second in tho Elstcrnwick Park Hurdlo Raco. wont on tlio sand threo times, going strongly, ana has much improvod. Spartan and Giideroy, of Elstornwick Park fume, also did good oxorciso on tho inner track. Morry Fonella went half a milo at a smirt paco, and afterwards cantered. Her. companion, Cupola, cantorod a mile, nnd thon wont a cracker for two furlongs. Tho Molhonrno Cup oandidnto looks very woll. Mozart and Wangs, in Campbell's hands, .went gentlo work ; tlion Mozart reached Wanga at the half milo post, nnd both' woro .extended, tho formor coming homo in front. Syphon, Friond- Icss, Tandstickor nnd Sir Sarnuol, all jumpora, did usoful work on . tho sand. Tho Laird, a Findon Harriot's Vaso candidate, with Mr. Pool: up, also . oxorcisod on tho sand. Tho Don Giovatini'l'lcotwing colt, was schoolod ovor hurdles, but was v. ry green at tlio Iiiisiii033. llo aftorwnrds wont five furlongs nt medium paco. Yiolot nnd Fiiat Pop went gentic oxorciso on tho insido togothor, -and -thon tlio, formor did a good qunrt»r milo.' Tbo 'handsome choslmit filly, Melodious, 00,11)0 ,jn/sido, did throo fur longs at A fast' 'rate..' Tho Ghost and Nor folk, from Itoifis, 'galloped, on tho grass onco rouud, Norfolk: boating tho oliost. nut by n longtli. . Angler and Veritas workod on tlio ssnd. Corioianus wpnt . sovoral rouudB, spurting at timos, and piillod up trash. Tumult and Qraco Darlin;) litarfo'd'froin tlio Oup distanco, tbo formor oasily disposing of his stabio mnto by sovoral lengths. Canute, pn tho sand, and Tip- pety Witcliett workod oil tho grass. Kingfishor, hardioraccr, and tho 2-y'oar-old Egbort, in tho samo stabio, wont threo furlongs fast, tho younger ono roaching the winning post first, but ho had much tlio advantage In tlio woights. Mr. Davis's homos woro absent from, the course in tho morn ing, bulCzmorino and David, with IV-verup, went n good gallop in the afternoon of a milo, finishing togothor, both going well. Power has boon ro- tainod to rldo tbo oolt in' tbo Cauifiold Guineas, and O'Brion will pilot Gratitude iu tho samo raco. : . . Friday. Connolly iod off with Syphon and Veritas, both doing good work on tho sand, and thon spirting homo, tho horso3. looking woll. Bitty thon started with Yatoly and Ontario, going sovoral rounds at a rnodium paoo. Novolotto and Friendless woro on the track t'ogolhor, ond wont threo rounds at fair pdco.' Tho little steeple- ciiasor is in grand form, and must havo a good show for the SloepIo aVCanlficid. Borosford, who is entered for tho .Findon. Harriers' Vaso, did sor vicoablo work on tlio middlo'courso. Tandstickor, another jumpor, porfo'rmcd' woll on the same courso, but finishod up with n good spirt. Higin botham then appeared on tlio sconc, and sent Legrand, with O'Brion, as usual, in tho saddle, a mild canter tlireo limes round on tho sand. Capri, in half olothing, was on tho track at the same timo, going slowly in tho roar, and doing tlio samo distanco. Don Quixoto . gently . oxorcisod, and the younger members of tho team, Eglinton and Tissue, wont three rounds ' slowly on the Band. Seizure and Angler woro sont togothor on tho inner track nnd cantered, finishing up with a good aliatp spirt. , .First Pop and Violet, stable companions, starting together, wcro treated to geatte oxorciso, also oil" the inner course. Tlioso two fillios nre iookiug woll. "Spartan, with his trainor, Hey wood, up, did nice work on tbo sand and contra track. . Giideroy. with Allan up, looking much improved sinco.he won at Elstcrn wick last weok, went at a good hat throo rounds on tho sand. -This horso vwill bo about in tho Steopiechttse to-day at Flomington, although his impo>t is list. Lib. ' Look's 'pair, Scaramouch and Strugglor, wont' on tbo main course threo rounds Btrongly. The Oup liors i looks vory woll. Sir Samuel was sont twico round over tho school, ing fences,- hut seomod to havo a decided avorsion to them, sworving off. sovoral, . Grace Darling, Tho Ghost and Norfolk worked slowly oa the inner course; and Umberto, Melodious and Tlio Bohemian, on the outside, trotted and cantered, Nuncio also doing tho samo kind of work. Lizotto did several rounds, pulling hard, and Is gotting into good- form 1 Tlio Don. Giovanni — Fioolwing oolt also did slow work. . .Mr, Davis's Dargo ana Ditto started trotting anil .cautoring, doing tho Inst half milo witli a good spirt. Camcrino, with hor companion, David, went away in the samo manner anil rattled homo, .both very anxious to incrcaso tho paco, the colt going in a very taking manner. Kingfishor nnd Egbort then got to gothor, nnd thc30 Btablo companions, after can tering, did n real good go on ths outsido track. Corioianus was tho last to. work, going aiono for four rounds slo.vlv. 