British anil Foreign Bible Society. .. MORPETH AND HINTON BRANCH. A public meeting in connection with the above branch of the British and Foreign Bible Society was held ia the Primitive Methodist Church, Morpeth, on Wednesday evening. There was a fair attendance, The President of the branch, Mr. F. W. Twine, occupied the chair. Proceedings were com- menced with singing the hymn " Wonderful words of life," and by prayer offered by the Eev. S. Hotston. The choir-then sang "I will sing of my Redeemer." The singers were members of the Presbyterian Church in different parts of the district. Miss Twine presided at the harmonium. The SECBETABT (Mr. 0. S. Boag), on being called on to read the report, said the object of the meeting had been to receive the moneys from the lady collectors. He referred to-the difficulties in the way of the ladies getting about, owing to the muddy state of the dis- trict ; but notwithstanding that they had not done so badly. Up to five o'clock nothing had been received, but since then the amounts have been coming in well, and after that hour he had prepared the following report : The British and Foreign Bible Society-Morpeth and Hinton Branch.-Secretary's Btport, year ending SOM July, 1884. All things being considered, your Secretary has much pleasure in reporting the continued success of the work here. Many have been the drawbacks, but for all that, the result of our few days' collecting this year will show that we have still cause for much thankfulness. Some of the auxiliaries requesting a change in the time of the annual meetings the month of April was decided upon, and when the Rev. Mr, Bobjohns came as a deputation to that meeting, bald in Mor- peth, ycur Secretary was away from the district, and did not get intimation of it til! lately. Consequently, no subscriptions were obtained. However, as soon as the true state of affairs was seen, the committee was called together, and lady collectors were obtained ; but the flood coming on, and wet weather continuing ever since, kept the roads so bad that the collectors could not get about their work, and as a consequence, the financial, report of to-night ia not as good as former years. Your Seoretary has bad much satisfaction and en- couragement in finding the ladies «n this occasion, as on previous ones, ever ready to assist in this glorious work of spreading the Word of God. Mrs. John Keating undertook to collect for Morpeth, and succeeded in obtaining £12 4s 7d, and there was collected at Mr. Rob johns' meeting £1 3s lOd ; total for Morpeth, £13 8s 61. Mrs. J. f. Junor colleoted at Seaham £2 3s 6d,- Miss Mary Cameron and Miss Bella Buchanan, at Hinton, £7 5s 6d ; Miss Annie Pearse, at Woodville, £l 3s 6d. Mrs. W; Bunt, for Down Park and Osterley, had not yet sent In her amount. The total collections were-For Morpeth, £13 8s 5d ; Hinton, £10 12s 6d; total, £24 Os lid. Our committee meetings have been somewhat more animated this year than previously, owing to the introduction of one experienced ia the Society's work in other parts, who will doubtless be a grand acquisition here. ft is with regret that the committee are about to lose Mr. Twine from their number, as he in the position of President has shown great interest in the Bible Society in this district. CHAS. 3. BOAG, Secretary. The Rev. Dr. BOAG said the aspect pre- sented by the report was a joyful one. He referred to the fact of Mrs. John Keating undertaking the duty of collecting in Mor- peth, and of her success, having suoceeded in surpassing the sum raised in Hinton this, year, there always being a little rivalry in the two places. The labours of the young ladies going about on the muddy flats on the Hinton side ef the river were also referred to in terms of commendation. Speaking of the report he said it was but the shadow of the sub» stance-but the echo of the grand report submitted at Exeter Hall. It was the 80th report of the Society and the Earl of Shaftes bury was in the chair at the meeting. To his view the Society was the finest institution, in the world : its object was the circulation of the Bible-the book of truth, the book of life which told them of the tree of life and the water of life. The colporteurs were an ex- cellent class of men, they were the pioneers of the work. He looked upon them as the best of missionaries. They had not only to bear with hard hearted men in the world, but they had other diffi- culties : there were the difficulties of caste among the Hindoos, the customs of the Mahomedans, the superstitions of the Papacy ; but there was a still greater hindrance in infidel tracts and infidel lectures. He related a story told in the last report of a colporteur who had lost his way in the far west woods of Canada. After time he found a road, which brought him to a large com- pany gathered round a huge fire, and some person addressing them. He thought it must be some one preaching the gospel, but was horrified at finding it was an infidel leoturer trying to make them believe that there was no God, no heaven, no hell, no eternity. He was applauded at the close of his address. The missionary then, in his straightforward and plain way, desired to say a few words, and said he would not keep them long, but tell them a story. He said he was a few weeks ago walking on the banks of a river near there, when he heard a cry of distress. Looking down the river, he saw a man in a canoe apparently drifting to the rapids, and likely to be lost. The man was crying aloud to heaven for mercy-" God have mercy on me ! God have mercy on my soul ! " He plunged into the stream, and brought the canoe to land, and the man was saved. He then said the man who was crying aloud to God for mercy was the very man who was lecturing to you this evening, and telling you there is no God. The lecturer sneaked away and was banished from the spot. He saw in this incident, as the missionary did, the hand of God. A grand feature in this year's report was the testimony of a number of monied men who had gone out at their own expense and inspected dif- ferent agencies, and their report was very favourable, the work was being carried on by the right sort of men, and the characters of the colporteurs was said to be above all sus- picion. That should put a stop to the slanders that they heard that the money collected never reached the heathen, owing to so much being expended to keep people in different posi- tions, and so much unnecessary expense. The testimony of these men were that the Bible Society was the cheapest machinery that could be got to manage such a combina- tion of interests. The committee and col- lectors had reason to be glad-gladness Bhould fill their breast, knowing that they were doing good, and working for the honor of their Master. He referred to the way the work was prospering, and that it would con- tinue to prosper, and tho time would come, and before long, when _ " The kingdoms of this world shall be the kingdoms of the Lord and His Christ, and He shall reign." He proposed the adoption of the report. Mr. JOHN KEATING seconded the motion with much pleasure. He had been a sup- porter of the Bible ever since he knew what a Bible was. When four years old his father placed one in his hand and he loved it since. He ridiculed the idea that the Society was going into decay-it was only 80 years old. In 1880 £223,000 was collected in support of it,_and this year, four years later, £10,000 additional to that Bum had been collected, the amount being £233,000. The Earl of Shaftesbnry, in combating the statement that the Word of God was becoming effete, instanced the success that had attended the Society since 1804. Considering that there were so many people in the word and the object of the society was to place the bible in the hands of every one, there was much for it to do. He thought several millions of pounds ought to be collected every year. There would be if every one believed it wai the Word of God; that holy men wrote it as inspired by the Spirit of God ; that it would regenerate the souls of men ; told them what God would have them do ; that there was a heaven and a hell ; and that their souls could be saved. He referred to the countries now being opened up to its cir- culation ; to its scarcity in the Dark Ages, and how God raised up men for his work. He referred to the great work performed by Wycliffe and Tyndall. He thought Ministers should controvert more than they did the statements against the Bible, and the people should valne it more, and remember what was Buffered in defence of it. He quoted texts in support of the fact that the Bible was, the Word of God unto salvation, and that the knowledge of God must spread in the world, and said that initead of becoming effete, it must in- crease & thousandfold. After the singing of the hymn " Blessed be the fountain," The Rev. P. MCCOT rose to move1 the resolution-" That this meeting, rejoicing in the success which bas attended the operations of the parent society during another year, desires gratefully to acknowledge the hand of God in giving efficacy to the means em- ployed, Hid pledges itself to increased ex - ertions h the glorious work of circulating the Holy Scriptares." The British and Foreign'Bible Society this year distributed something like three million copiée, mole or lesa complete, of the Word of God, and during tie 80 years of its existence, something like 100 pillion copies throughout the world. It was oice said that the British people were so many millions of fools, and the circulating of the bible was instanced as a work which especially displayed their foolishness. Though some-even à majority of people who contributed this £233,000 last year might be willing to give their money foolishly, all of then could not be such fools as to give their had earnings for nothing. Many of them were the most thoughtful, intelligent, wealthy men in Britain. They believed they were placing in the hands of men and women, heaven's highest blessing, for it opened up all other blessings that heaven could bestow upon then. The freethinkers and unbelievers said Christianity thought too much of the spiritual—that its teaching was so sublime that it it did not touch men's real wants, while they taught men to look after their secular in- terests ; they thought it better to teach hu- manity how to live the present life. He con- tended that in putting before men the Word of God they put them in a better way of living this life. It told them of a "Righteousness that I exalteth a nation," and " Godliness is profit- able to all things." The best speech he could make would be to give them a few texts as a sample of the teaching or the book. It taught them that their bodies were temples of the Holy Ghost. What, was the tendency of such a doctrine as that? Would it make them care less for the body, or make them unchaste, intemperate, indolent ? No, it would tend to make them cultivate all virtues. It would tend to make them help themselves, and to prolong their life ; to make the most of it, and to get the most out of their body. Then there was the opposite statement, " If any man defile the temple of God him will God destroy." Then with regard to men's mental powers, he pointed out that they were circu- lating a book, that God came to men in that book, He was enshrined in it-that His laws wero there written, and they were asked to read, to think of them and to contemplate them" Their religion cultivated thought in man. The Bible was the foundation of all literature. How much would they have left if they put out of existence all the books not connected with the Word of God or inspired by it ? The Tibie drew cut mous mental powers. It also drew out other studies, and helped to cultivate the intellectual powers. Then with regard to every day life - the domestic circle. They were taught that God made the first domestic home and performed the first marriage ceremony, and placed his sanctity over domestic life. Its teaching was the death-blow of all polygamy. Then with regard to the family circle it taught LuBbands how to love their wives and wives how to act to their husbands. Parents were instructed in their duty to their children, and children towards their parents. As regards social and public life, it laid down the broadest platform of manhood suffrage, and sounded the death knell of all slavery. There was also instruction as to the duties of capital and labour, and then what was said about their relations to the poor, the Bick, and needy. Christian hospitals had sprang up under, and been bred by, Christianity, and God had told them that he took acts of charity dose to the poor as acts of love to Himself. The Bible had ennobled charity. Could they then say that Christianity did not help them in their tem- poral life. How true was the statement of Macaulay that " The man who spoke or wrote one word against Christianity is guilty of the highest treason against the civilisation of the world." They could believe in the Bible then because they believed that godliness was pro- fitable even in this life. Then as to their other life. It told them of their spiritual nature-of their being made in the image of God. The barden of sin was proclaimed, but they were also told that there was balm in Gilead, and the Physician was shown who healed the effects of sin and sorrow. The Bible epened to thom the pathway to purity, strength, true manhood, and rest. Then in the hour of their bereavement, when they stood by the open grave, and placed their loved ones in the cold ground, the Bible pro- claimed the fact that the loved one would rise again, that they would be received into heavenly mansions, where they would. live for ever with the Lord. That was their highest and best justification for the Bible, and that was what the society was doing in circulating it. Godliness was profitable in the life that now is and the one that is to come. It took man in his misery and sin, helped him in this life, and never left him Lill it put him within the pearly gates and placed him before the throne of God. He wanted to arouse their sympathyfor this society. If they thought mora of this and remembered that there were millions yet who would re- joice if they obtained the Word of God Bhould they not by their prayers and sympathy shown in a true British way in liberality, help on the circulation of the Bible. , The Rev. 0. WILMS seconded th# motion. Much had been said of the adaptability of the Bible to the wants of the past ages and of the influence it had at the present day. What other book had retained the position the Bible had. The Bible came home to men and told them they were sinners, and that there was no good in them, and men did not like it because it spoke to them in that way ; but it also told them of salvation in the world to come. If there was any visible infallible authority it would be found in this book. There was life in the old book yet, Take the fallen condition of man, the book itself was its own best interpreter, It told them that in their natural state they were aliens and separated from God. They felt the force of this. They were also told that the Saviour would in no wise cast out any who came to Him. In their sorrows and anxiety the Bible afforded them consolation and comfort un- equalled by anything else. They derived in- spiration from the words and help of friends, but the words which sunk most into the soul in adversity were found ia the Bible. In it they found their solus and their stay. Then look at what it promised to do for men after they passed this life. It sustained him in his hour of death by the knowledge that he was going home to God. The efforts of the Society in the circulation of the Word of God had been attended with great success. It had circulated about 100 million copies, and the report told them that its circulation during the past year had only been equalled on two occasions, and in face of that could they say that the interest in it was lessening. With reference to the work of the colporteurs, be thought those men had heen recipients of. the blessings brought by the Bible, and they went forth to take it to others. Their whole interests demanded that they should use their energies in the circulation of the Word of Truth. He quoted the words of the book showing that it would never pass away. He instanced the influence of the Bible, by a seed planted and lying dormant all winter, but when it might be thought to be dead, growing, blooming, and bringing forth frnit. The book did them good in this world and in the one to come. Where could they obtain any information of the life to come but in this book. The resolution in the second place pledged them to circulate the Word of God. If the book was such a blessing to them one and all, should they not, God helping them, seek to spread it to others. It was deplorable to think that there were people living among them ignorant of it, and they should seek to spread it among them. . The motion was oarried with acclamation. ? Hymn : " The gospel bells are ringing." The Rev. S. Horsiow moved " That the thanks of this meeting te presented to the officers and committee for the past year ; to the lady collectors fcx their valuable services; and that the following gentlemen be the office bearers and committee for the ensuing year, viz. :-< Chairman, Mr. A. Tulip ; Treasurer, Sir. J. Keating; Secretary, Mr. Chas. Wakely Committee-Messrs. J. W. Bowes, Dudley. Bird, F. BTainby, Mansfield, sen., Mansfield, jun, W. Gear, son., W. Gear, jun., A, Baavis, C. Boag, W. Sammers, J. Monow, John Stewart, and A. Searles." He referred to the efforts of different persons and particularly to those of the lady collectors, especially at the present time, for which they deserved! their gratitude. It vas scarcely poadbia ta say anything about the Bible without referr- ing to free thinkers and infidelity. Thesa men made a great noise, and some persona might sometimes think there was something in what they said. If any thought no he would say when they went ¿way to reason with themselves which tended most to tie up- lifting of their souls, and which was the most advantageous to trust in, and they would come to the conclusion that they must pat aside everything that Gnoura I of free thought and embrace with a tighter hold the Word of God. He instanced a great scientist who thought he discovored the origin of life in tag deep sea ooze, which was simply the re- mains of minute animals ; and the efforts of another attempting to prove that > man developed from_ a monkey. If people held such opinions ha would wisrV that they would not try to influence others. He related a rebuke one reoeived who wished! to weaken a Christian's faith in the Bible: They had nothing to fear of the triumph of these men. He instanced the division among them in Sydney, and that thoy were becoming weaker there. The complaint among the freethinkers was that their leaders gave thera nothing new. In the Bible there were so many grand themes that they could always find spmethiag profitable to say. He referred1 to its bearing upon man's existence and hap- piness in the present world and in the one to come, and urged that they all should bless God for the Bible, and for their civilisation,' and everything great and good which wore ia it. I The motion was seconded by Mr. A. TUMP, and carried. After singing the hymn, " Oh, word of word the sweetest," a collection was taken up. The retiring PBESIDENI (Mr. Titvne) re-' turned his thanks for the position he had bees placed in, and he would ever look back with pleasure to his career in Morpeth. He then vacated the chair, which was filled by the newly-elected Chairman, Mr. Traip, who briefly returned thanks for his election. A vote of thanks was carried to the Choir and! to the Press, which being acknowledged, the proceedings were brought to a conclusion by the singing of the doxology and the prônounc« ing of the benediction. 