v OUR PARIS LETTER. . " " (rnou cum oivjf corinE3i>qNDEHT. 7... PABIS, 3RD MAT. The Congress, to pull England apparently out of the Egyptian mud into which she Im3 drifted and floundered, for not knowing her own mind, and for not having tho courage to annlv anv intelligible Dollar, is a source of delight to the French. It is viewed as a revenge, brought to them by tho whirligig of timo. They conclude they have John Bull on tho hip, and will compel him to accept something like terms dictated by them selves. This attitude of tho French !b porfeotiy intelligible, and indeed natural ; only- they run away with the belief that England will - clear out to allow them to step in. Franca accepts the Congress in principle, and Bismarck believes that, as a rulo, conditions so subscribed to mean and resplt in nothing. England Is certainly hound to oxplain, if only for tho benefit of 'Englishmen. She is compelled to givo on aocount of hor stewardship, In asking French creditors to consont to a rcoasting of thoir claims, it is but fair to oxplain how it is in tended to bettor their interests thoreby, and assure thom that thoro Bliall be no futuro demands on their self-sacrifice. And tho French Government intends to demand that French creditors must bo allowed a finger in tho management of tho bankrupt's assets, unless England pledges herself ns security Against all future losses, If she takes upon her self that responsibility, as France lias done in Tunis; tlio matter would ho singularly Bimpii- ped. It is no secret; that not ono, but two iyndicatcs of French financiers aro prepared, yith the approbation of thoir Govornmont, to spcopt all the Uabilitio.s of Egyptian finances, an condition that Franco alone bo invested with the administration of Egypt. And what fifuro will England cut if at tho congress, when members come to a dead look, ns tfoy aro always certain to do, France throws down ) that ; trump card? Mafiy grave people), - shako ) their ) heads, and tliinlc that ovil, rather than good,' will result from tho congress; that 'its'scopo must bo widened ; and, if so, that Banquo's ghost,, the Eastern question) will roappenr. 'A'full ex planation between . France and England ' is necessary, arid will enable siihpio people to seo' through' all the1 shuffling and. all tho iiitrigrioi' 1 ivj; > Tho Suez Canal foUows the general fortunes of Egypt. The; coming meeting 'of tho ".shareholders '-'-.may -'not -bo able to form the quorum riee'03sary to' : oloofc tho ' Eng lish elemeut to tho council board, an element that stinks in the nostrils of- oliauvin- ism. Tho opposition want to bar out English control, and may defeat De Lesaeps by their '" obstructionist" policy. Indeed the French believo thoy are iu tho vein of good luok ; the chances of building up a vast Oriental empire at the expense of China, and as a Oom'ponsa- tion for the I033 of Hindostan, is . already daz zling their view, ,Somo broohurea have boon already devoted to this bright futuro. liaison de plus, the; patriots conclude to guard tho canal for our.coming greatiiess, China, in superseding, the Marquis Tseng, apparently avows tlio timo has : come to nego tiate about Tonqain. Tho negotiations neod not be long— a simple acceptance of accom plished facts. China has proved to bo only bounce and bunkum. Unablo- to keep the French, from; entering Tonquin, China will not find it easier to force them to leave. Franco lias a bill of pains and penalties. against the Celestials that can be. presented, . suspended or withdrawn, following circumstances. i The _ organisation and administration of Tonquin is about to commence. Tlio Ministers, elated by suoco3B, demand forty millions of francs ; and thoy will bo voted n em. con. The grants might bo opposed, so long as issues wero doubtful, but iu presence of viotory no protests can be listened to. The colonial polioy of Franco is now becoming ns olear a3 noon day.' She intends to imitate England in India. Shu will govern and administer ail her new. territories, attract her owfl traders ; but in the emigrants' , sense of the word she - will demand none. France hints very plainly to England and Germany, as well as .China, ; that sho 'has- not undertaken the conquest, I mean the " protectorate," of Ton- quiri to open hp market facilities' for them, but for her ; own sous; hcricb _obstao!es will he placed in the way of international trade ; tho favored nation clause will bo for Fronelimori exclusively. Perhaps, however, Germany and England may havo somethiug to say to thi programme. : The .'complaints', of Australia against tho Kiioidivisto Bill havo at last provoked atten tion. ..Tho French do not clearly grasp tho matter yet, a3 tho question has only been ven tilated, not debated, and the Parisian journals generally on all foreigp.questlons resemble the blind leading the blind. The . misfortune , of Frenchmen is that when anything like a national interest is called in, question they ox-, pect antagonists to first avow. thoy ai'o wrong, ' and that Frauco is the. model of lay infalli bility, . Tiio .French view of tlio Aus tralian demands is ranked somewhat hs cool impudence, and that it is only an indiroot move of perjida Albion, to stop the civilising craze of France — that fit being now on her. Once, possessed of Oceanic islands, Franco claims to be able to export, what she. pleases there. She' will not send the dregs of her sooial scum, but what sho. considers roform- ablo convicts, to peregrinate amori" the aboriginals. . The classification of Frenoh criminals is a mockery, a delusion and a snare ; arid if Aus tralians allow that dust to be thrown in their eyes, they deserve to be deceived. Australia must keep harping on the "one string, and an excellent one it is, that every civilisod nation . must submit to international polity ; must not poison the stream, though it rises in her territory, but whioh flows 'through her neighbor's roalms. She tried the same little, game on' with her own colonies ; In the Antilles,' during tho reign of Louis XV. ; But the colonists compelled Paris to keep the vagabonds sho engendered, and suoh was done. The Bboidivisto Bill only really and truly aims to empower the Govern ment to" ship off cargoes, and many of suoh.are in readiness,' 'of tho most incorrigible scoun drels 'to the Antipodes or tlio North Pole, bo that they oaunot possibly find t!)eir way hack. Cayenne is largo cnougli for all the prison reforms France may have on the brain, and at home she can utilise convict labor. But all that means expense, and is not at all so easy or cheap as shooting down offensive and contagious rubbish at her neighbor's front or back door, or both. - Australia must be very firm. It is on the English Government she must apply tho pres- sure, It would be a mere wasting of powder and ball to address herself directly to France. Tho Telegraph states -that Australia is to send a working man's delegate to appeal to French working men. That is a lamentably false move, and indicates a thorough ignorance of opinion here. The working man in England, by the trades unions, is a power ; in France he is a nonentity, for he has neither a guild nor a collective organisation. As a rule, if the mid dle or upper classes bestow a thought upon him, it is to rank him as a communist, anarchist, guesdeiste, collectivlste, possibilist, socialist, nihilist, dynamiter. Ask the representatives of the English trades unions who came over to fraternise with their freres here, what they think of tho French, working man and his influence with tho governing classes. It is through tho English Foreign Office, through debates in the English Parliament, that Australia can alone make herself heard in France ; and, in the background, she can make herself feared by both countries. Home politics drag their slow length along, The Royalists cry aloud that tho king is com- ing, and that the nation is preparing to receive him with open arms. That spectacle is not visible to the naked eye, nor confirmed by the partial, local or legislative elections. The Bonapartists, in allying themselves with the Radicals, show more knowledge of "lob bying" than tho Royalists ; they, in thus re hearsing tho tactics of 18-18, could in time bring about serious embarrassment to tho Ministry. The Republic will keep its ground so long as no fresh taxes are laid on, or the country dragged into war. For the moment the Ferry Cabinet meets the wants of tho country and tho wishes of fill moderate men. There is no tangible improvement in com mercial and trading bnsirieBB ; the sluggish stagnation remains ; tiiero are ho signs 'of speculation, rio proofs of go-a- he'a'dismi 'Pobplo live on diminished incomes, so nsnotto risk their capital. We are in the period of the loan kino; but there is. no reason to bo discouraged ;.. the turn of tlie fat kino will arrive. Tlio status into doel this much good, it is swe'opirig away bribblo 'banks,' and toppling ovor firms, which' hfiyo been shaking for yoars. ' Society per sc does riot reflect hard times ; traders complain now lik fanners; but , suoh grumbling does not force them to , put tip , thoir sliutterB. They are vinegary arid exasperated because compelled' to accept small "profits without quick rcturris. 'If balls, 'dinner parties, tlirongod placed of amuse- meut ho tests of well-bslug ana contentment, Parisians aro to be envied. I was speaking a few days ago with the loading houso agent in Paris. He risBurod mo lib had not'ori' his booris five unlet houses. Strangers, ' he- said; are very numerous in Paris, but they! live more quietly than their predecessors of a faw.yeara .back....: . ,, : . jVIunkacsy. keeps ..'the lovers of fins arts on tlieir legs, His Crucifixion is a splendid composition— it not ouly delights, but instructs and consoles,' It is an immense picture where the life of tlie . Saviour may be read in; tho features of tlio figures ; it .fa,. a tragedy, that would bo full.. of .terrors, only it is fuiier of bright hopes. Tho artist has been two, years engaged on the work. ' 1 Tho Annual Picture Show or Salon has josf opened its doors. : Of the-2000 pictures -exhi bited, about. 10 per cent, morit.. examination.; the others may, be accordod tho passing tribute of a' 'sigh.' There is "no "'evf- - denes of marked " progress in the'"' art: no genius ' breaks through and :steals our admiration and our judgment ; atl is plodding, commercial, .fast train production— the' de sire to.'amve at effect, without .the )driidgerv of the alphabet and the first books of lessons. Carapi, tho murderer of tlio old barrister, has been executed. He was an oxtraotflinary culprit, a compound ; of natural intelligence and accomplished dopravity, of timidity, and vulture ferocity, of sang froid and ' im petuosity. ' Tho guillotine, to follow a rhapso dical journal, did wondora ; the execution: by Dieblor commenced arid finished within two minutes. — the time nearly required to win tho Derby. Paris has a "thought reader" that surpasses a show man's 'dog in finding'out concealed ob jects; : The bull fights have been prohibited, but two new religions, liy apostles without fol lowers, nro tolerated, tho more readily as thoy subscribe to separation of Church froin, State. , By tlie P. and 0. steamer Bavenna . we are in receipt of English files to iho 2nd May, from whi.cli wo make tlio following oxtracts :— . AFFAIRS IN THE SOUIIAN.,7 ; .) . . Later advices froin, .Berber' announce lEat til's inhabitants aro leaving the city as teat as' pos sible, and in a fow days the plaoj will lis com- ; pletbly deserted. Four comptnios; numbering 500 soldiers, havo joined tho rebels,- "Three com panies .havo arrived from Khartoum, ' There is no news from tkolaUerplaco, and it is impossible to get any ono to attempt lo £o thoro, ns the ia-.t mossongor nearly lost his life, .and tho whole country is in insurrection, Mr. Cuzzi, Gene ral Gordon's agont at Berber, roportB the situation as dosporatc. ' Korosko is also reported to be unsafe, but that rioivs is unconfirmed. Troops had arrivod at Borbor from Sbendy, having suffered trifling loss on tho. way from attacks o£ tho rcb:-Ia. Altogether fi.ly-ono men aro now said to havo boon killod.' Tho steamer Morsalima, which was at Shendy, hns been much, injured, -It is belioved that the evacuation ol Berber will induce tho' rebels to surround the other garrisons shortly. Dongola is reported to bo quite safe. Tho governor, H>y telegraph, has asked leavo to proceed on a pilgrimage to Mocca. The reply of the British Goveromout to tho proposal to send an expedition to Btrbor has boon receivod at Cairo. It says that sncli an ex. psdition is impossibio at present, and could not in faot start ior four months hence. Th:s deci sion has been communicated to Hussein Pasha Kali fa, Governor of Berber, and at tho same time ho bus been told that ho may withdraw from the town if he is in a position to do so. "Public opinion iu Cairo is said to l,o gradually dociaring itself very strongly against tho despatch ol English troops across tho 280 miles of tho Korosko desert. No ono has yot boon ablo to proposo any plan by which sach an expedition could result in anything bat tho loss of at loast tbreo-fifths of tho men engaged." Telegraphing on 23th April, tho Cairo corres pondent of the Standard says : — "The last act of the Soudan tragedy is evidently at hand. Mr. Egorton hns received a tologram from Berber, stating that no sums of money would guarantee the delivery of any message through to Khar- toil iii, ail of whose- inhabitants are now at the mercy of tho rebels. Four sarijaoks or divisions of Shagccyah Bedouins, together with ECO soldiers, have joined tho rebels leaving Khar toum helpless. The Governor of Berber, acting on instructions sent to Mm to evacuto tho town if possible, merely proclaimed tlio fact, with the result that the inhabitants fled northwards, while tbo troops marched out south to join tho insurgents. I havo received n telegram from Assouan, reporting that two Arabs liavo arrivod thoro from Suakim, who stated that Osman Digna int nded at once to advance on Assouan. At tho samo timo, Iotters had bean recoivod in that town from the Mahdi threaten ing alt Enropcans and Christians with speedy oxtinotion." Sir Samuol Baker has addressed a letter to tho Tillies in which ho says : — " Botrnyod by bie owtl Govornmont and abandonod to his fato, a British officer, whoso namo is a household word through out tlio world whore heroism is chorishqd arid admired," General Gordon appeals to liis own countryman for £200,000, with which, ho says, we might obtain the permission of the-Sultan of Turkey to lend us 2000 or 3000 Nizatus and eond thom to Borbor, Sir Samuol says : — "Can thero ho a more terrible example of faithlessness on the part of a Government than this noccssity ? Tho envoy who should lmvo be-on backed by its support must in tbo iionrofox- tremo peril demand aid from tbo hands of hfa own people ! Should tho Times bo opened to this sppcal I shall fool obliged if you will accept £100 in my name as a contribution to a cause which our Govornmont lino forsakon, and I shall bo ready to increaso that subscription should it be come necessary. I have no doubt that tho British public will erinco thoir determination to support General Gordon by tho truo Englioh material aid, and that the City of London will assumo.a position'which has ever boon its prido, in head ing a movement, in tho cause of honor which will . become an example to to followed by tho whoto country. The timo has como, tho crisis has flffldvod, in a. fow days Borbor will havo fallen, iff.d all oommnnication' with Khartoum will bo intercoptod. This will, be entirely duo .to tho supinanoss and noxleot . of tho British Government, as an Indian force should havo marched through from Buaktm im mediately after tho victories of General GrahcA. , Aotion must bo tskon at once, and that upon no ' "'blggM scale. Where" 5000 men would havo boen offleient' six months ago, 20,000 will now bore quirdd.? Tbf.r. Questions arise — Whcro'nro tho men ? and liojv aro they to)bo transported ? Tho ; Bu!binr\ niUAt: supply. 6000 Nizamo,. India .46.toXV British tnopp, 5000, Tho routes will converge jipon .Berber ; from Suakim 10,000, a« tbo communications must - bo iOiU throughout tho march) 2S0 miles." 