? w ? ~ - ECHOES Or MELBOURNE ! .(By The Ghost.)' ' ?'? ' ! (????. Maroh 8; Sydney Smith has placed on record tho opinion that ' every Cabinet Minister should judge of all his measures by his 'foolometor,' just as a navigator crowds or shortens. sail by the baromoter in 'his cabin.' And the reverend gentleman proceeds to dosoribe the instrument. It consists of three or four 'regular fools,' by whose means he is enabled to prediot, with the greatest nicety, tue eneoc any measure is uireiy to produce on tho public. They must be selected as ' the oxaot representatives of all cotnmon-plaoe prejudices,' and thoir opinions being in nine cases out of ten a reflex of those of the majority, afford a certain guide aB to how far it is safe for the Government to proooed in any given direotion. In Viotoria Ministers have not, up to the present time, experienced the neoassity of providing themselves with the valuable philosophical instrument. The Oppo sition, by neglecting to act on the advice which enjoins people about to embark on any busi ness ' not to start before you are ready,' and oriticiBing the Ministerial programme be foro it is officially announqed, affords the Government of the day the opportunity of finding in which direction tho popular Grimal kin is likely to jumpj and framing their policy ? so as to leave as few holes in their political garment for their opponents to notioa as iB. compatible with thoir professed, principles. To so canny a Premier as Mr. Service; the an nouncement of the series of meetings to be held by prominent members of 'the outs'' muBt be a oourco of peculiar satisfaction. These uttornnces will fully answer all the purposes of thai 'foolometer.' Major Smith is to open fire on the Government at Ballarat on April 7, and from that date until Parliament meets the Ministry. are to- be subjected ? to a series. 'of attacks by tbe ' horse, foot, and dragoons ' of tho. Opposition forces^ For some time the honourable and gallant member for Ballarat has been preparing bis indictment, and con sidering the olose relations that havo for years existed between Mr. Berry, the Chief Secretary,' and 'the Major,' some piquant revelations are expeoted. Major Smith cannot forget that when the preliminaries for the formation of the present Coalition Government were being Bottled, Mr. Berry, forgetful of the Damon and Pythias-like friendship that had hitherto united thorn, assented to the condition that of the followers of the member for Geelong to be inoluded in the team, Mr. W. 0; Smith was not to be one. Hence these tears. At present, Mr. Richardson and Mr. Maokay, who are announced to ad dress their constituents tho week after the major's pronunciamcnto,anil]aie\both talkers of the genus bore, are tho most prominent amone the discontented ones who intend 'orating.' Whether Mi-. Service willreply to tho spooohes to be fired off against the Ministry, or await the re-assembliug of Parliament, has not yet been decided by the Cabinet. The only one of his colleagues the Premier can trust to open his mouth in public, without committing himsBlf, is the cautious Minister of. Kail ways, and as is well-known that gentleman never cares to do more work than he can help. Bosides, Mr. Gillies is in NewZeala,nd,«njoying himself at the hot lakes, and in no way desirous of exchanging their health-giving properties, for , Victorian hot The' aoquittal of Mr. Pitman, late Inspector of Post and Telegraph offices, places_ the Government in a somewhat awkward position. Mr. Berry, on the accusation being ^ made, appointed a board comprising three oivil ser vants, presided over by Mr. Panton, to try tho offender. This illegally constituted tribunal found Pitman guilty, and tho Postmaster General at once dismissed him from his posi tion. A jury, to whom tbe oaao was submitted in duo form, has arrived at a different con clusion. By the action of the Board Mr. Pit man forfeits a pension of some £4i)0 per annum to which be is entitled, and by that of the jury be is pronounoed anlinnocent man. The only offence proved ia that of having, on Cup Day, imbibed not wisely, but too well ; and for this delinquency the punishment awarded is un doubtedly too severe. The matter will certainly come before Parliament unloss the Postmastor Goneral, before tho Houses assemble, recon sidora his deoision. - ' The people of Melbourne are at the present moment very much puzzled to know what to eat in the shape of butohers' tnoat. 'The City Inspeotor says thatatleaBt fourteen per cent, of tbe cattle slaughtered are affected with tuberoulosis ; tho city Magistrates have decreed that we are no longer to enjoy that essentially British luxury known as tripo, tho boiling of tho article having boon, doorood a 'noxious trade' — although oven tho witnesses for the proseoution all deposod that it caused no nuiBanoo whatever — andfish andpoultryarebo yond.the puxohasing power of ordinary houso lolders. As for pork tho revelations anqnt the Sandridga . Bend and the Northooto pig--, gerios havo rendered the flesh o? Bwino as great an abomination to most Christiana as it is to our Jewish follow colonists.' Thora iq-.QJ. , mains thoroforp nothing but mutton and:,rab- / bits, and oven this lattordblicaoy is riot froo ,'-?. f rom a souptan of tho phosporiaod oats, and,' ' , indeed, unless great precautions aro taken to ' .' , guard against tho Heal),1 which has Bhown ''?''? itsolf in aflook of Amorioan Btud shoop lately1 '?'? imported into Now Soutli Wulos, wo shall not : ??'?'' ovon. havo. tho melancholy satisfaction of ??????;/? boing ablo to fall back on our moutons, ; ., .;' Tlio Steam Navigation Board has once moro -.{, shown its utter inoapaoity to deal with ,t, '. nautical matters by tho way in which thoy '' ;'V hivo dealt with grounding of tho bark Tho Jamsotjoo Family on tlio Capo Otway roof. . For deliberately running tho ship into dangor ' in broad daylight, with a fair wind, and as nearly, wreoking the veBsol as it was possible to f do I without actually losing her, Captain M'Eachren is ' cautioned and reprimanded.' Dozens of caseB oould be instanced m which for ? far' less grave orrors, sontoncoa of two years' (ji , anannnRinn nf nprf.ifinnf.oR liavn Vip.nn nrnnmiTm'rtd. ' ' - Surprise at tho absurd decisions sometimes given will, however, bo somewhat lessened when it is borno in mind that the most tegular ; : attendant at tho meetings of tho Board is a ? bank manager, from a country town, who knows as little of maritime affairs aa does - v Mr. Berry's Farmer of Finanoo, and who would bo puzzled to toll the difforenoo between a spanker and a jibboom. The quid nunc who havo been expecting some frequent revelations in connection with tho libel action brought by Major W. 0.- Smith' ;r against tho Ballarat Star, are Hltely to bo dis-' appointed. The loek will bo eaton by the ? peccant journal,whiob.Botno weeks ago was adver- r . , tised for sale, and has therefore no interest in ngtiting, Tho plaintiff is meanwhile taking . steps, whioh are of intefost to every newspaper proprietor. The Supremo Court is to be asked to qompel tbe Star to give-up the names of the author of the statements complained of as re- ' fleeting on the moral oharaoter of tho ex Minister ' of Education. Shonld this demand bo acceded to, - a privilege long enjoyed by the, ProsB will, be swept away. And tho immediate effect of tbe decision, which, by tbe way was foreshadowed by Mr. Justice Higinbotham, during the, trial of a recent aotion against a metropolitan journal, ' win uc uu iiini^o iiuHieia auuio uuuuuud, U11U editors moro careless. ' The Governorship of Viotoria is going a .- begging. It has been refused outright by one gentleman, and another to whom the position . , has been offered has, with a cautiousness fully becoming his nationality, nuked for timo in order to enable him to consult the Earl of Rosebery, in regard to tho prico at whioh he ' can porform the gubernatorial duties and dis- ; ? ponso the hospitalities of the big house in the domain. If the colony is desirous of securing the services of Lord Reay, it may therefore save tiiro by wiring at once to his intended Excel lency the price of oatmeal, and the figure per head at whioh Mr. Clements 'doos' the din ners and balls at Government House. Although bent on securing a lucrative appointment 'his1 Scottish, lordship has evidently a frugal mind; and iB desirous of the moBt recent information ' in regard to the minimum of expenditure he will be oalled upon to incur. Another impe cuniouc nobleman, whoso estates require , nursing — tho Earl of Dalhousie — is also mon .tioried as a possible, if not indeed a probable, Governor. Viotoria, tbe golden colony par excellence, is evidently looked upon in Downing-' ' ' Btreet aa a Bortof refuge for destitute members ?of the aristocracy of Great Britain. Tho theatrical world has witnessed during the1 week n 'grand Scottish revival,' Miss Eloise Juno, at the Opera House, delighting large audiences in tho title role in ' Jeannie Deans.' Impulse still runs at the Princess, but the last nights are announced. At the Bijou 'Imprudenoo' bas evidently bit the public taste, while at the Royal Mr. Dampier gives place to Mr. Holloway, who produces ' ? 'The Wages of Sin,' which has been;so buc- v ? ccssfully performed in Ballarat, A new star, Miss Geneveive 'Ward, is to make her appear ance next week at the|PrinoeBs. ... 