JV Hff 1^ TE 'F^ - «&m-; «4l»*bi isT? JKjm J£r*- 9 The Adopted Daughter. By Mbs. Habbiet Lewis. CHAPTSB XVL * i Aar shee to 'wni hoi.' The year that had so wonderfully developed Amber had been parsed by her false friend, Blanche Longley, ia the soolusLon of Courtney Sail. Jlb Sir lialpk had anJioiiiiced, ha tojs absent inost of the tipia, visiting his other estates, aiid the time had therefore passed tediously to his guest. She had the latest noyels to interest her, but they irere all about the gay. society for which she yearned, and from wMob. she was debarred, and enlj increased her discontent. She had plenty of superb tp1''^. instruments at her com.-; maud, and although she ?was considered a bril liant player, she had no genuine love of music in her soul, and kept up her practice more as a task than as a pleasure. She had a handsome ward robe, with a skilful maid to adapt it to the latest styles, as they appeared, but custom doomed her to wear mourning for the late baronet, and if it did not who was there to dr-ests for except Mis. George the housekeeper?— an individual whom she thoroughly disliked, for her constant and loving adherence to Amber. . One afternoon, about the time of Blair More land's proposal to our heroine, Blanche Longley sat in her boudoir, lazily grounding a pair of Berlin worked slippers. The windows were up, but the blinds were drawn, and the light thg.t entered the apartment was subdued and cathedral-like. The fresh, sweet air, however, could not be shut out with the sunlight, and the songs of birds filled the room with melody. ' How tiresome this is !' yawned Blanche, per mitting her work to drop from her hands, and leaning back against the cushions of her couch. * One might as well be dead as shut up here ! There's no use in riding or walking, for there's no one to see and admire. It does seem too bad that Jasper's enjoying himself in London on half my allowance, while I am caged here, with no one to speak to except Loson. I shall change matters before I'm. much older.' She reached out her hand and touched the belL The nest moment Loson made her appearance. ' I'l try oh my new dresses, Loson/ she said. 'If you please, my lady,' responded the prim looking maid, ' Sir Balphhas come ? ' 'Sir Ralph come?' repeated Blanche, with sudden vivacity. ' Why didn't you tell me be fore, stupid ? Dress me immediately. The sight of anybody would be welcome,' .she added, veiling her joy, ' after these weeks' and months of stagna tion. Hasten F Loson obeyed, exercising the functions of her craft, and her mistress was soon arrayed to her satisfaction. ' 'Where is Sir Ealph?' she then asked. ' In the library, my lady. He came straight from town, and rode over from the station on his own favourite hunter, which was awaiting for him, in consequence of the steward having a letter yesterday, saying he was adeeming. His dinner was ready, which he took, and now he has gone to the library, my Jady, a-overlookin* the steward's accounts. Shall I announce, you, miss?' Blanche shook her head, and then surveyed her reflection in the long mirror with a look of satis faction. She was dressed in a style of mitigated grief, her dress being of the d^ntiest lavender silk, further softened by snowy lace, and her orna ments were of dead gold. Her golden curls 'were drawn a little away from her face, showing off her dainty beauty to perfection, and her blue eyes sparkled -with gratification. ' I']J do !' she said, proudly. ' How much more becoming this dress is than those horrid blacks. You may have all that mourning stuff of mine, Loson/ : Paying no heed to the maid's thanks, she swept from the apartment, and went down to the library, where she knocked timidly. . . The door was opened by Sir Balpli Courtney himself The year had wrought some changes in Tirmj too. He was graver and sterner than of old, and the rare smile that curved his lips was fraught with a tenderer sweetness, while his manner was as gently courteous and chivalrous as ever. 'Ah, Cousin Blanche,' he said, extending his hand warmly, ' I am glad to see you. I was just about to send you word of my presence. How charming you look.' He led her to a seat, while she drooped her eye lids, and called up a flush to her cheeks at this compliment. * I have just come from town,' he went on seat ing himself beside her, and admiring the white and gold of ner face and hair. ' Do you know, Blanche, that ifs a year to-day since poor Amber disappeared ?' ' Jk it ? Poor girl !' returned Blanche, inwardly ?wondering what this reference to Amber meant, and why Sir Ealph should think of her. ' Yes,' said Sir Ealph, ' I have looked for her in London and elsewhere, with many an anxiety and regret. She was ill-fitted to cope with the world, with her luxurious training. Besides, she was but a child. Every time I think of her I have a keen pang of remorse.' 'But why should you?' asked Blanche, with assumed spmpathy. ' You offered her a home and masters in every branch of knowledge, but the ungrateful girl, disappointed in her deepest schemes, preferred to creep away clandestinely. Depend upon it, Sir Ealph, she was and is utterly unworthy of your thoughts.' Sir £-alph shook his head and said : ' I did her a gross injustice, Blanche, in believ ing her designing and forward. I see it now. You remember that two or three days after her disappearance, Mrs. George received a letter from her, dated London, and stating that she had found a true friend in Jasper, and hoped I soon to get something to do to earn her living? I Mrs. George brought me the letter, and wept as I she told me how devoted Amber had been to my I poor father, and she narrated many instances I showing the girl's disinterestedness and good I ness. I ' Then if you could find her you'd marry her, I of course ?' said Blanche. I 'By no means/ replied Sir Ealph, gravely. I c But I should be a good brother to her, I hope. I I am not likely, however, to find her. I went to I see Jasper, but he declared that she had disap I peared from his notice as from mine, and that he I knew nothing of her whereabouts.' I Blanche drooped her eyelids again, this lime to I conceal a look of satisfaction. I 'I thought from your sudden interest in her,' I she said, demurely, ' that you might mean to marry I her.' I 'No/r€turnedSirEalpk,notnoticingheranxiety I on the subject; 'I have several reasons against I . . such a proceeding, in the first place, while I Amber excited in me a brotherly interest, she I did not touch my heart. Secondly, she was an I unformed, homely,, awkward girl, to whom I I could not yield the loving admiration and rever I ence I should wish to give my wife. Thirdly, I her birth was enveloped in mystery — but this last I.- reason is also the least, since, if I loved her, I I could easily forget any drawbacks of tUat de I Bcription. If she has turned out ill, as I have I sometimes feared, the fault is mine, since I I called her designing, and so agonised her eensi I tive spirit, and drove her forth upon the I world.' I 'Ifs my opinion that she's dead,3 suggested I Blanche, in a subdued manner. * Fye .read, so I much about country people -going to the over I crowded city, getting 'nothing to do, and either I starving to death or falling a prey to disease. Yea, I she's probably dead.' I This view of the case seemed to Sir Balph as I highly prpbable, and his look of melancholy I deepened. I As he had stated to Blanche, %e had felt jnueh ? remorse for his accusations ggaijnsjt Amber, espe*-' ? ciajly since Mrs. George had shown him her letter, ? and told 1''i of lier eppdness and sweetness ; I and though, by reason p/ Blanche's poisoning I accusations, fcj» -sti& believed Ainber had many I serious fooljB; he yet 'felt iihat be liad.gxeftily I wronged her. That any one beside Mmisei^-iiad B had a hand in'Oxpcllinslicrfrom tho H^^.^p iiftd -shaking back her curls. ' I am so unutterably lonely. I've studied and studied all your serious books, JBalplL— befogged myself with your astronomy, besides freezing myself in the obser vatpry with looking through you:.1 big telescope at the stars, but somehow I need to see people too.' Sir Ealph looked exceedingly pleased on hearing this speiacli. He especially admired in women a mind above the ordinary frivolities of existence, and astronomy was, as V».i« artful guest 'well knew, his favourite study. Wig manner, therefor-e, was unusually warm as he replied : ' True enough, Blanche — science is not always companionship,' t and he sighed. ' You must see more company — throw open the Hall to visitors. The country families will soon throng about you, and Mrs. George will be your chaperon. ' She is a lady, you know — the widow of an officer.' * I know it,* responded Blanche, not yet satis fied with her success. ' But, Ealph, the country fa.rmlipfi have — the best of them — gone to Lon don for the season. Oh !' she added, with pre tended impulsiveness, looking up into his face with sparkling eyes, flushed cheeks, and dancing curls, ' I wish you were my brother, Balph.' 'And why ?' he asked, with a smile, twining one of her golden tendrils of hair about his fingers. ' Suppose that I were your brother, Blanche, what would you do ?' ' I'd ask you to open your town house and take me there, and let me see something of tile world, Ealph/ and she gave him a siren glance. ' But what must you think of me ?' she added, with mock dismay. ' You will despise me for my free dom and frankness.' ' Not at all/ he responded, still toying with her glittering wreath of hair. 'I shall think that you are an artless child, and that I a.m bound to gratify you.' ' And you will take me to London ? Will you open your town house ?' cried the girl. ' Yes, you impulsive child, your wishes shall be gratified/ replied Sir Ealph. ' We will start to-morrow, if your maid can pack your clothes, as the house is in order, I having just come from there.' Blanche clapped her hands in genuine delight. ' Oh, you are so good !' she exclaimed. ' How can I ever,1 ever repay you V Sir Balpli regarded her dangerous beauty a moment, hesitated, and finally said : ' Til tell you some time how you may repay me, my dear Blanche. Until you have seen more of the world, I will keep silent.' The girl's beauty became fairly glittering on hearing this speech. She readily understood that Sir Ealph alluded to a possible marriage. She also saw that his manner was not lover-like, that he was not thoroughly satisfied, that his heart was not yet in her keeping, that he had dreams and hopes beyond her power to fulfil ; but from that moment she took renewed 'courage, and in wardly resolved that she would yet be his wife and wear the Courtney jewels. She, however, affected not to understand this allusion. 'Do not be afraid to tell me at any time, Ealph, how I can repay all your goodness to me,' she exclaimed. 'I would grant anything that you would ask of me.' ' We will wait awhile/ he said, gravely. ' You shall see the world before you hear my communi cation, Blanche. I had forgotten how dull it must be for you here, but your period of mourn ing having expired, you shall have the oppor tunity of varying your study of the stars with study of society. Would you like Jasper with you? I could not prevail upon him. to adopt any profession, and he must often be in sore need, unless, as I suspect, his self-sacrificing sister yields to him her annuity.' Blanche's manner convinced him that his sus picion was founded upon truth, and he mentally added another virtue to the many graces with which he supposed her endowed. 'Dear Blanche/ he said, pressing her hand, ' you must not be too self-denying. I will attend to Jasper. You will need all your money for your own use.' Blanche thanked frim for his advice and pro mised to follow it. The truth was, she had sup plied Jasper the half of her allowance, not from sisterly .affectionT-she was too selfish for that — but because it was to her interest to do so. ' I will go now, and have Loson pack my boxes/ she exclaimed, after a little further conversation. 'Will you be so kind as to inform Mrs. George ? Oh, Ealph, how good you are to me ! ' She gave hinTan affectionate look, which he did not fail to notice, and left the library, tripping up to her own boudoir. ' Hurry, Loson ! ' she exclaimed to her maid, who had picked up her discarded wool-work, and was busy upon it. ' We are going to town to-morrow. Pack my things directly.' The maid instantly shared her mistress's excite ment, and silks, &c.;, were brought out, boxes opened, and all the hurry and bustle of packing was soon in progress. ' He might have offered me his mother's splen did jewels,' muttered Blanche, as she nestled among her cushions, overseeing her maid's work. ' But I suppose they will all go to the future Lady Courtney — so I shall have them anyhow byand bye. He very nearly made me an offer of mar riage/ and her eyes sparkled ; ' I am sure to win him. How well I have managed, and what suc cess I am gaining.' The task proceeded, mistress and maid plan ning costumes to be worn during the coming gaities by Blanche, and finally the boxes were locked and left to be strapped by the coach man. During the evening Blanche ga*ig and played for Ealph's amusement, chatted lightly, referring often to her serious studies, and deepening the good impression she had made upon her host, and after he had retired at night he pondered long and earnestly on the subject of his marriage, finally dropping to sleep without having arrived at a decision whether to propose for Blanche's hand or not. The next day the family left for town. CHAPTEE XVH. THE VAI/ET'S PIuiN. For some days after the Hon. Blair Moreland's proposal to Amber Courtney, and her decided re jection of his suit, he absolutely haunted the corridors in the vicinity of his sister's school room, and his persecution of the beautiful gover ness became so marked that his keen-eyed mother finally became aware of it. * 'My dear/ said her ladyship to Lord More land, one morning, as they lingered over their chocolate and rolls in the handsome breakfast room, the servant having been dismissed, ? have you noticed how our governess has altered during the past year— how beautiful and graceful she has become?' ' I have/ replied his lordship, straightening up his small figure on being thus summoned to sounciL 'She has grown remarkably lovely. She reminds me snore* than ever of the Marchioness of Axdencourt. I dread the effect the sight of her might have upon the marquis and his lady, should bhey ever chance to see her !' ' So do I, returned Lady Mordand, thought fully. 'She would remind them of ? . I have been very careful to keep her out of their way, and as they have been abroad so much, the task was easy. I only hope they will not see her m our return to town. Who would have thought, i, year ago, that she would ever develop into such i wonderful creature?' ' * And she has been such a good companion and governess for the girls/ remarked Lord Moreland. They are not such hoydens as they, were — Louisa particularly. She seems so pure — so irtlesa ? ' 'But ifs all seeming, my lord/ interrupted Ills wife, in a tone of vexation. ' She is artful, ind is trying to entrap our son into a marriage.' Lord Mordant! uttered an exclamation of sur prise, i 'It is so, indeed, my lord/ went on her lady ship, flirting her spoon. 'SJie keeps Tiim Atmrfrtfr lbout the corridors', waiting until she is at liberty bo bestow a smile upon him .... .' 'And very good of her not to break in upon idhooi homes tor that purpose,* murmured his Lordship. ? . *!S|y:lprdJ? -?«£& &-s w*fe- W aa awful tone, while she looked down upon her husband with an expression of mingled incredulity and horror. [Pp ; I iiefa aright ? Ajje $$$. encooragpg my §on to pay his addresses to an obscure governess— tefeajay%Brf'/: v'v-.- ????-'??'?-? ' ' ' \\-- ~ ?' ?',? *ae'sjny *oa,1toer muttered his lordship, jLn him to marry a poor governess, and I didn't say I did!* ' Don't equivGoate,-my4ord !' said her ladyship,, severely. ' As I said, the girl is artful to take ao? vantage of Blair's coming home from a country where the women are all black, to entrap him. 'But my dear/ -ventured his lordship, in a stronger tone, convinced that this time he was in the right, ' the women are not all black in Tn«iia. The ofneers there have wives, and daughters, and sisters, and there must be plenty of widows — the country is so unhealthy^ — and these are all Englishwomen.' 'But what frights!' declared her ladyship. ' Everybody knows that as soon as they get out there they get to look as yellow as saffron. I've noticed that Blair has a yellowtinge. And know ing that he comes from such a country, our governess resolves, that he shall fall in love with her. It's absurd — -perfectly absurd '.' His lordshop echoed the last declaaation. ' I shall have to part with her on our return to town, 'which must be this week,' said her lady ship. . ' I'll give her a recommendation jfco some body without grown-up sons. When she's once gone, Blair will get over his violent fancy for her. My next governess/ she added resolutely, 'shall wear spectacle's and a wig !' ' But ifs Tiard ou the poor girl, and on our own children/ meekly suggested his lordship. ? ' Are not my feelings to be thought of ?' said her ladyship. ' Is the devoted mother to be dis regarded for a governess? I do believe, Lord Moreland, that you are bewitched as well as Blair by this artful girl !' Lord Moreland ' eagerly disclaimed the impu tation. — ' He loved his children — the girls, especially — and had watched over their studies, thereby becom ing well acquainted with, their young governess, and he felt a strong interest in her ; but he had too much respect for his wife's abilities and opinions, and was too much in awe of her stately displeasure to do more than express a very feeble opposition to anything she might decide upon doing. ' Very well, then !' he said. ' If your ladyship decides upon dismissing the poor thing, it would be but right to find her another situation— but I'd rather send Blair away ? ' * Send Blair away !' echoed his wife, ' your own son and heir, on account of a governess ! Lord Moreland, I am astonished ! You would separate the poor dear boy from his mother ? You would spoil his chances of a great marriage by sending' him where he'd die, or grow old and ugly in a short time ?' TTia lordship protested that he wuold do none of these things, that he desired her ladyship to use her own superior judgment, that the poor girl had better go, and finally that nothing could induce him to consent to his heir's depar ture. Lady Moreland consented to be appeased, and they had hardly settled into an amicable sort of silence when the door of the breakfast-room opened, and Blair, resplendent in dressing-gown and slippers of flaming colours, sauntered into the apartment. He uttered a careless good-morning to his parents, and then, saying that he had already had his coffee in bed, took a seat at the table, and began trifling with his food. ' You seem uneasy this morning,' he remarked, after a few minutes' silence. ' If I can assist you in any way, command me.' ' You can, Blair, you can,' said his mother. 'We are annoyed at your attentions to the governess. You have robbed the conservatory of its choicest flowers for a week to send up to her, and then have her give them to the children. You are descending beneath your station, and if you mean to marry her-; — ' ' Be calm, mother, be calm.!' interrupted the son, coolly, as her ladyship's tone grew shriller. .' Who's going to ma,rry the governess ? I am not.' Her ladyship looked infinitely relieved, while Lord Moreland regarded his son admiringly, as if envying his courage in thus addressing the family potentate. ' But you love her ? * said Lady Moreland, her fears soon recurring to her. ' If you don't mean to marry her, Blair, what are your intentions? I won't have her insulted by my ? son — remember that ! . She is a Courtney — a eonnection-or relation of the late Sir John Courtney ! * ' Is she ? ' asked Blair, carelessly. ' She is. If ow I want to know your intentions toward her ? ' ' My present intentions/ rejoined the son, help ing himself to some East Trtdia. preserves, ' are to let her alone!' Lady Moreland did not look quite satisfied, and he proceeded : ' I repeat, mother, I shall let her alone. I want nothing more to say to the girL I've seen enough of her. She is too scornful for me ?' 'Scornful?' repeated her ladyship in surprise. ' Yes, I laid my heart at her feet, and she looked at me like an insulted duchess. The son of Lord Moreland — excuse me, I should have said. Lady Moreland,3 and he bowed to his mother— ' is not good enough for her. And so I want nothing more to say to her.' Lady Moreland was astonished, and somewhat indignant at this revelation. She would have looked upon any kind of connection between her son and the governess with horror ; but that Amber should have the presumption to scorn her idolised son — should proudly reject his. suit — struck her as incredible. ' You offered her marriage ?' she exclaimed. 'Of course/ answered her son, pulling his flaxen moustache, 'and diamonds, and love, and so on, but she wouldn't accept me ! If you'll be so kind, mother, as to pick me out some more amiable and pliant member of the aristocracy, I will hasten to marry and put myself put ot harm's way!' 'Yes, yes!' said her ladyship, completely re stored to good humour. ' Just wait a little, and I'll select a lovely bride for you, I was going to discharge tile governess this very day, but now I shall keep her — the children are so attached to her, and you are not !' Blair's countenance changed a little on hearing this last remark, and he hastened to deepen the impression of indifference toward Amber. » 'I'm glad ifs turned out so !' muttered Lord Moreland. 'I didn't want the* girl to go? nor believe it at all necessary !' Blair smiled rather darkly, and arose, leaving the apartment, while his parents proceeded to dis cuss matters with renewed tranquility. ' I have been rather 'too devoted to the charming governess!* mused Blair, as he proceeded to bis dressing-room. 'I should have kept more quiet about it ; but the truth was, my heart was all in a turmoil on. account of her !' ? He touched his bell, and the summons was speedily answered by the appearance of his valet, a dark, saturnine-looking person, with, scheming, downcast eyes, that looked furtively out from under his brows. ' Shut the door, Tamley/ said his master, fami liarly, * I want to have a good talk with you.* The valet threw hi-mpplf into an easy chair near his master, and prepared to listen. He and his master had had many joint secrets ; but however familiar he might be when they were alone, on account of them, he always made a point of being perfeotly respectful^ bin befobe a third person. By his quiet reserve of manner in the presence of others, he had kad the good fortune to win the hearty commendation of both. Lady and Lord Moreland. . , ' You're in love, eli ?' he said, eyeing his mas ter furtively. ' Is that what you want to see me about?' Blair nodded and said : 'You've seen my sisters' governess? I've fallen in love with the little beauty, and I want to,marry her !' ?Marry her?' repeated Taanley, opening his eyes to their fullest extent. ' Marry the gover ness?' 'How stupid you are all of a sudden!' cried Blair, ' Do you suppose I can talk anything else to her, and that I would if I cpuld? ' She's. a lady of good birth. ? She has refused me, and I wish to show her $hat she committed a mis take.* - ' ' ' ^ V ? ?' . ?; ? Well?' said the man, wi£h sudden interest, as the master paused, * -.-.?...- 'To me her coyness gives her an additional charm,' remarked Blai^^iter a short silence. ?* As Isaid,'Fd !ike^jpnpii3r||gp..'./jyi^i make a most1 The valaf a sres glowed with the dull fires of ' cupidity, and Ms feSgers worked, as if itching for 'ft fa sp -y/M q[ i ~ ';'. j* ? ? rf /i%i« ' master had sHlf ully touched his weak point — his love of money. ' I see, I see !' he said. ' But will the young 'woman agree.to the secret marriage ?' 'Not at present/ responded Blair. 'The fact is, she doesn't like me, and I don't have opportu nities here for paying court to her. If I present her a flower, the fact is straightway known to the whole family, I can't call upon her in her school room, and she won't look at a note. And then, on the other hand, I was obliged to listen to a lecture' on the subject this very morning from her ladyship, my mother, so that I disdained any wish to see the girl again !' He paused, and seeined to turn over in his wind various plans and schemes, while his valet watched him with his dull eyes, At length he broke the silence, saying : ' You've helped me in many little plans before, Tamley, and I owe you quite a debt of gratitude, which I'll pay some day. But then, you have had no small sum of money from me ; more than any other master would give you ,for the same ser vices.* The valet nodded. ' I am glad you appreciate the fact/ continued Blair, in an easy tone. The fact is, to be confiden tial with you, I can't win the girl here. If I could get her off by herself in a lonely house somewhere, where I could call upon her at times, and take her presents, I might succeed in mq,lriTig an impression upon her heart and win her consent to a private mar riage !' f That5 s a good idea !'? responded Tamley. * The question to be considered is where can we find a suitable house?' ' You must find it. Can't you think of a secluded place ?' ' I have it !' exclaimed Tamley, as his master paused. ' I know of a house that would suit you exactly. It is in the country, but at some dis tance from here.' ' So much the better !' ' It is about 2G miles from here, I think — quite out in the open country, in fact. It stands alone, amid a profusion of tangled and neglected shrub bery, and there are no other dwellings near. The house or mansion itself is a grand old affair, but it is in a continual and dense shade ? ' ' But what has such a mansion to do with the subject ? The owner will not be apt to let it to us.* 'It is unoccupied, sir — that is, none of the family live there. It has the reputation of being haunted, and no tenant can be found to take it, nice as the mansion is. It is said that a woman's gho3t walks there !' ^^ \- 'Who does the place belong to? What is it called?? ^It is called the Haunted House. I never heard any other name for it, although I dare say it has a grand name. It belonged to a gentleman of wealth, who had a terrible temper, it is said. He married an Italian lady, and lived with her in Italy until after the birth of a son. Then he brought her to England, and they lived in great style in the Haunted House. The Italian lady proved to have a temper as bad as his, and in a quarrel he killed her. It is her ghost they say walks there !' 'But what became of the husband and the son ?' ' The husband fled to the Continent, and died there. The son was claimed by his Italian rela tives, and carried back to Italy. Of course the son inherited the Haunted House with, the rest of his father's property, and he has visited it once, I believe. The whole property, however, amounts to very little, and produces but a small income ; so the, present owner may reside in Italy from motives of economy.' ' But I thought you said his father was wealthy ?' x*emarked Blair, with some interest. ' So he was, but he ran through most of his wealth during his wife's lifetime. It war, sup posed that he carried a great deal of money with him when he fled.' ? You haven't told me the name of this English man?* 'His name was Thomas ClaenvilL TTig son's was Vilberti Claenville — Vilberii being the sur name of the Italian lady. I have heard somewliere that the present Mr. Claenville sometimes calls himself a lord, but he has no more right to a title than I have ! * 'And it is to this deserted house you pro pose that I shall convey Miss Courtney ? ' asked Blair. ' It is^ — although the mansion is not quite de serted. The present owner, when lie was there a couple of years ago, put in a housekeeper to see that it did not fall into ruins. The housekeeper is an aunt of mine — an ancient spinster, who would do almost anything for gold. She lives there alone, for she can't find any one who would dare stay with her. She has never seen any ghost, however. I know she would gladly take charge of Miss Courtney, and would keep her in perfect security.' 'I think this Haunted House would be just the place for Miss Courtney,' declared Moreland. ' You are sure your aunt would take charge of her?' 'For good pay/ said the valet. 'She would not only be glad of the money, but she would be pleased to have another human being besides her self in the grim, old house.' ' Good ! Go and see your aunt about it this very day. See that Miss Courtney will have one or two pleasant, rooms, well furnished. I -would wish her to be treated with the utmost respect and attention. But now having arranged about the cage, how are we to trap the bird? How can we get Miss Courtney to the Hannted House ?' Tamley was thoughtful a few moments, and then said : ' I have it. It must not be done in any way to throw suspicion upon us. Don't the young lady go out sometimes alone to walk ?' Blair replied in the affirmative. ' Then I can manage it/ replied Tamley, ex citedly. ' Listen !' He proceeded to develop a plan, which, by its boldness, enchanted his master, who ex claimed : '- I'm afreid you can't do it, Tamley, but ifs capital — capital ! Try it, by all means ! If you succeed, you shall have 30 guineas immediately, and 20 more on performing the marriage cere mony! They conversed a little while longer, maturing their, plans, and then the valet departed, to pre pare for the visit to his. aunt. (TO Eg 'SSSTlStTBD.) 