OUR LONDON LETTER. HOME AND COLONIAL GOSSIP. (FROM OUR SPECIAL, CORRESPONDENT.) . ND ONON, 21st March, 1884. sin. HENRY PARKES ON FEDERATION. The ex-Premier of New South Wales, on the 18th March, delivered' an address by invitation of the Merchant Company of Edinburgh, at the Merchants'. Hall, on the "Australasian Colonies, as s part of the British 'Empire." Sir Henry is evidently not very sanguine as to theprospects of the proposed Federal Council,and said he did not believe that the scheme Would over come into operation. He did not think that the Australian 'dolonies' would entrust such a council with the affairs of the whole country. He had come to the conclusion that there would be "no possible means of success in the. great work of federation without the creation of a great Federal Parliament-a Parliament' similar to that of 'the Dominion of Canada, leaving the regulation' of' local matters to the existing colonial Parliaments. He was in favour of the annexation of New Guinea. He had a strong feelinig that the British Government ought to annex it, but lie was in favour of its 'bleing placed in the sauime position as the other' Australiah colonies. He reite rated tlie assurance that all the colonies woould resent to the uttermost the proposal of tlie' Freicli to increase tlhe transportation of criminals' to 'the contiguous colony of New Caledonia. * DEATK OP DR. JOHN SERVICE. The news of. the 'death of this minister' will be 'read with regret by those of your readers who knew him, or hleard him preach at the time he Was officiating at Hobart. His death occuired at his residence, 6 Spring Gardens; Kelvinside. He was 50 years of age, and had'been in the ministry since 1864. He was to a large extent self educated, his- father having been an artisan." Dr. Service was the author of a volume of :sernons and essays, which afforded evidence of his broad and liberal views on religious subjects, and; which attracted a :good deal of. attention, espe cially in Scotland. On returning to, this country from Tasmania,' he received a call to the church and parish of Inch, in the Presbytery of Stranraer,. Wigtownshire. At the time of his death he was minister of Hynland Church, Glasgow. S. A. LONG WALK. . * O;i Satnurday last, the, 1th March, Edward Payson.. Weston, otlherwise known as "The Wobbler," successfully, completed his wialk of. 5000 miles, which, he had under taken iundei the conditions that for,100 consecutive days, excluding Sundays and 'Chritm0as Day, he was to walk 50 miles within 24 hours and under no circumstances to enter a vehicle of any kind, but to;per fdrm the whole journey on foot. The dis tance was allowed to' be ,covered on high .roads .or_in..enclosures at. his option, and the pedestrian was accompanied by Lt. Henry J. Chalke and Mr. Herbert Jewel, who acted as judges and referees. The ostensible object of the journey was to furnish a practical proof of the advantages of temperance,, and Weston strictly ab stained throughout the whole of his task from, alcoholic liquors. The successful accomplishment of the undertaking has naturally been greeted by'the advocates of 'total abstinence with a great flourish of trumpets, and after the completion of his walk at'the Victoria Coffee Hall, London, where 'he walked during the last week of his task, Weston was publicly thanked by Dr..Norman Kerr, who said that he "had earned the gratitude of the whole civilized world 'for his practical and convincing demonstration of the use le,.ne" o, strong drink, and the priceless dietetic vuhueof total abstinence." In the same strain, Dr. 'Richardson said that " all might boe satisfied now that stimulants were'perfectly useless for sustaining greab physical effort, 'whether under tropical heat or polarcold." This sort of thing strikes many as rather' over-shooting the inark; and it is not probable that total abstinence will 'gain many 'converts as fruits of the walk, although "The Wobbler" is most likely quite satisfied that tihe object with which it was undertaken has been accom plished, and perhaps it has, especially as a committee has been formed to raise .£1000 as a testimonial to him. THE END OF THE BELT CASE P It would be too bold to:say definitely that we have reached the end of it after previous experience, and eveoi the incan tations of the judges in. the Court of Ap peal of the Supreme Court, of Judicature may not prove to have been sufficiently powerful to have laid the " ghost." If so, it will not be for any want of definiteness or unanimity, as in the case of the judges in the Divisional Court.' It may be re membered that Mr. Belt had been willing, rather than continue the litigation, to agree to a reduction of the damages of £5000 awardedsto him by the jury, to £500. In this arrangement the counsel for the defendant declined to acquiesce, and judg ment has now been delivered in the Court of Appeal entirely supporting the summing up of Baron Huddlestone, and' the finding of the jury, and awarding £5000 damages and all costs in favour of Mr. Belt. Appli cation made on behalf of Mr. 'Lawes for a stay of'execution, while an appeal to the. Lords was brought, was peremptorily re fused. Mr. Belt's costs, after taxation,' will, it is said,' be close upon £0000, and the judgment will, it is calculated, be for about £14,000. When, some years ago, Mr. Lawes stroked the Cambridge boat against Oxford, he showed. more zeal than judgment, and rowed his drew to a stand still by the time they got to Hammer smith, and the result of this trial seems to suggest a doubt whether lie has gained much in judgment since, which perhaps accounts for his being so anxious to gain a judgment from.the Courts of law (they might almost" be called tihe Courts of Lawes) as to think of takingthe case to the House of Lords. One would think he :had lind enoughs. of the trial to make hlim a " sadderand a wiser man" without that. THE AUSTHALIAN CRICKETERS. 'G-neral satisfaction hls beeoon expressed ansongst crickleters here at the constitution of the teani you 'are sending, over to us; Soihdl doubts have boeen 'suggested .as to 'the advisability of undertaking 'such an arduous list of matches with only one reserve man lbesides the' manager, but of the' qiality of those composing the team, their recent performances have left no doubt. Disappointment is felt at the loss of the chance 'of seeing any more. of Massie's brilliant hitting innings, and oeven greater disappointment that we are not yet to see Evans, of whoso all-round capa bilities we have heard so much; but the news tlat Spofforthl had been prevailed on to visit us again was a great set-off against these sources of chagrin, as it was felt that therretrieval of our laurels whiclh our criclketors are '.so' anxious for would, if acctdmplished,' have been seriously dis counted in the "Demon's& absence. As an instance of the interest wit. which the visit and all appertaining to it'is regarded, I may mention that The Ti'imes, which uiuallylholds rather aloof from sporting thatters' lhas published' full ' scores of matches played by Murdoch's team in tise colonies, so our cricketers' have been able tob'forli some idea of the "leather-luntinag" thelioy may expect in some of the' co'ntests against your representatives. ' '' THE PRINCE OF WALES. Sir Theodore Martin's life of the Prince Consort. gave us considerable insight irito jthe variety of claims on the energies and a?ttention of those wlho essay conscientiously to discharge the duties 'of royalty,; and ivwe are almost daily afforded fresh evidence of thes: same character in the records.of the Prince of Wales's doings and engagements; Thpro.is certainly no reason to complain of amy lack of interest being shownby~l.R.IH. in anything affecting the welfare of H.E: subjects at home and in the colonies. We had recently striking evidences to the contrary in the cases of the Fisheries Exhi bition and the Royal College of Music, as well as in the care hlie lhas taken to avoid his duties on the Royal Commission on the dwellings of the poor partaking of a per functory character. Two other subjects, which are as much of colonial as of Ihome interest, have had the advantage of H.R.H.'s advocacy of their claims on public ittention. The first of these in time and lu}prtafnce sas the Royal National Lifo boat in'stitutioi, 4t the 60th anniversary meeting of which he presidedon the 10th March. In the report of the Institution it was stated that 2741 life-boats were last year under the management of the Institu tion, and these.boats had saved 7251 livei end 30 vessels, There wore, besides, 230 ives saved fiom shipwreck by shore,boat and other means. The,income from al sources during the past year was £40,250 and the expenditure £45,817. Previously to calling upon the Duke of Argyle to movr the adoption of the report, H.R.H. made i speech, in the course of which he dreo attention to the claims of the Insti tution, 'of which the Princess of Wales' has . become a vice-patroness in the following terms:-" From our goo graphical position as a seagirt isle and from the immense colonies whiph we have acquired, the mass of ships that travel to and fro and reach our islands is almost too vast to enable us even to realise what their number can actually be. These -vessels naturally 'encounter tempests, the results of which are shipwrecks and loss of life. The risks especially which that valu able and inmportant community-the fisher men on our coasts-have to run from the beginning to the end of the year must be well known to you all. It is especially to save their lives, and not only theirs, but the lives of all who travel on the sea, that this great national in stitution: has: been founded. Strange to say, that notwithstanding the great im provements which have been effected in navigation :and in the different scientific inventions which have been made, there is no doubt that an increase of shlipwrecks annually occurs. I may mention that it must have been of interest to those of you who visited the Fisheries Exhibition last year to notice all the models of boats, con triv?nces for; fishing, and apparatus for saving life, which were there shown to you. It must be patent to everybody that a seciety of this kind is an absolute necessity. Look what it has done. Since its founda tion nearly 31,0001 ives have been saved by its instrumentality. Already this year, up -tonoiv-the middle of March-300 lives have been saved, and last year the total number was nearly 1000. The Institution has now 274 life-boats, and no doubt you are fully aware, through the medium of the Press, of the gallantry which has been displayed by the coxswains and crews of tlhose'boats." II.R.H. concluded by remind ing his hearers that the Institution was entirely supported by voluntary contribu tions, and by drawing attention to the necessity of adequate funds to maintain it in a state of efficiency. On the following.day.the Prince of Wales presided over a meeting of the Institute of Agriculture, at which Mfr. Woods delivered a lecture on "Ensilage." H.R.H. expressed his appreciation of the lecture, and, after referring to opportunities which lie had had of becoming personally acquainted with the subject when on a visit to Lord Walsingham, at Morton; said-" As to the future, it is, of course, impossible to fore see to what extent ensilage may be carried out, but I am convinced from what we have heard this evening from the lips of Mr. Woods that those who are moving in this subject are dealing with one of very great importance, and I am, at all events, assured that we ought to be very much indebted to Mr. Woods and to Lord Wal singlam for giving very careful trial to what may prove in future. years the means of rendering very great and valuable ser vices to agriculturists. Most cordially do I endorse the remarks which fell from Sir Trevor Lawrence, that even now, after the hard times which the farming interests of this country have suffered for some years; there is a prospect of the great interests which are involved in the agricultural question having' a brighter future before them,.and that a new gleam of light may be thrown upon their fortunes by the suc cessful earrying out of this new experi ment in agriculture-this question of ensilage. Most cordially and sincerely do Ihope the experimenits which have been made; and their S results, . may be of ad vantage tothe agricultural community." A remark by H.RE.H. on an Academy picturd once made the fortune of an artist, and it may therefore be reasonably hoped that his remarks on the above interesting and im portant subjects may be productive of p'ractical and beneficial resillts. SINISTER COMDINATIONS. Matters don't improve nor manners become more dignified in the legislative assembly of the country, and the perusal of the Parliamontaryproceedings becomes a more irritating occupation every day. All efforts sceni directed to the gaining of party or individual advantage, and com binations are formed and tactics adopted which render any progress with the busi noes of the country almost an impossibility. Mr. Labouchere, tempted perhaps by secing in the cases of Lord R. Churchill and Mr. Mfarriott how much easier it is to obtain notoriety by efforts to cmbarrassyourparty than by efforts to support it, has taken the line of violently attacking the foreign policy of the Government on every oc casion on which he is likely to create con fusion or delay business. For instance, at a morning's sitting called last Saturday, for the purpose of forwarding the Parlia mentary estimates, the member for Northampton moved an amendment on the motion to go into supply, that the neces sity for the loss of life occasioned by our military operations in the Soudan had not been made apparent. The wording of the resolution secured a temporary alliance of motley character, including .Mr. Bourke, Mr. Cowen, and Lord R. Churchill, and although Sir C. Dilke pointed out that General Graham's operations were the natural result of the expedition to Suakim, which had been approved by the House, and reminded the House of the object with which the sitting .had been called, it seemed not unlikely at one time that a division would be snatched against the Government, as a Cabinet Council was de taining the Ministers, audLiberal members, not suspecting the turn affairs would take, had not mustered in strong force. How ever, the Cabinet Council was broken up, and sufficient members were brought down in time to give the Government a majority of 17 against the amendment, the numbers haIving bcen 11to 14. Some excitement was then created from Sir M. Hic~iI Bealch having overheard' a sotto voce remark by Sir Wm. Harcourt, that "the dirty trick had failed." After this excitement haid sub sided, the Irish members kept the ball rolling, and debated a supplementary vote for County Courts aud Magistrates in Ireland, until a quarter to six. on Sunday morning. On Monday night Mr. Labou chere again distinguished himself by inoving, on the introduction of tihe Army Estimates, that the number of men on the establishment should be reduced by 2678, the increase for tihe present year, and it was only after a motion iby Mr. A. J. Balfour, to report 'progress, had been defeated,.that the vote was obtained, after which tihe sitting was iagain prolonged, mainly by tihe instrumentality of the Irish members, until 3"40 a.m. The tactics of the Opposition and the Irish party have so far prevented any appreciable progress being made with thi' legislative business of the .session. Mr. Warton hlas been blocking bills indiscriminately (on one day alone he blocked 24, including thefIer chants' Shipping and tihe Deceased Wife's Sister Bills), and has beeoon aided by the inconsiderate action of some of the Radical members. It usi been necessary to have morning, night, and Sunday stttings t' obtain supply,and there isafeelingof stern impatience growing up, not confined to the members of one party, which renders it not unlikely that Lord Salisbury will get the agitation he has challoenged, to prove the demand for reform, in a fuller measure than he expects, : 