[?] Br The Staff. Amonost the contemplated improvements in connection with the Caulfield coarse is the erection of a shilling stand on the fiat, which will prove a boon to the frequenters of that part of the course. Bassanio, who has been nominated for tbe Maiden Hurdle Race at tbe V.R.C. Winter Meeting, has been entered in the namo of Lord William Beresford, who may bo dabbed " The J. O. Inglis" of East India. Boolea's name appears amongst the nomi nations for the V.A.T.C. Richmond Handi cap, ran on Saturday. If Mr. S. Miller's horse ever gets back to his three-year-old form he will trouble our speediest cattle over a mile. In <( Vigilant's" betting quotations pub lished in laet week's Spobtshan, tbe prioe of " Mixed Goods" for tbe Derby aud Gup is eet ont. Several of our readers appear to be labotzriog under the delusion that " Mixed Goods " is a horse, as tbey tip "him" on the 100 guineas coupon to win the Derby. At tbo Melbourne Gun Club meeting on Monday eomc very heavy wagering was indulged in, both on the individual shots and the straight out winners. A well-known barrister, remarkable for the killing effects of bis double-barrelled cross-examination, is reported to have won a fairish stake. The Caulfield division appear to be very confident that tbe Bracelet will bo won by a Caulfield horse tbis year again. It would be a mighty queer coincidence if The Ghost (No. 2) were to run away with the six furlong event this time. It will be remembered that Mr. Weekes' roau of that name, carrying 9st. lib., won comfortably last year. It is very unlikely that Fordham will ever be able to ride again (says an English paper). His health has quite broken up, and when Mr. Foy asked him whether there was any chance of his being able to ride Soot Free, he replied that he felt so weak that he feared he hliould fall out of the eaddle. Fordham quitted Newmarket on the evening before the Two Thousand, leaving instructions that £5 was to be put o& Scot Free for him. Ms. Alfbed Josephs, of Sandhurst, re ceived tbe following cipher telegram on Monday from the Leviathan, Joe Thompson, who is at present in Eogland " Highly 1 delighted with my trip ; costs plenty of money. Attended the Grand Prix at Paris ; | wonderful sight ; was betting and won. Was betting at Ascot, and won three thousand ; Barney won a thousand. Kindest regards to all my friends." i A&cheb; would prove an acquisition to & sporting journal, as he has repeatedly indi cated tbe winners of big handicaps at home, lie, however, eclipsed himself as a prophet recently. The English Worlds aye: — "Archer marked Captain Machell'a card last week, cod tipped him five winners ont of seven, which was really good form, considering that not a single favourite won during the day." Cojoiotion, wbo has been treated to a spell ou his owner' 6 estate in Gippsland, has been handed over to the care of Mr. F. F. D.ikiu, who will prepare 1 he Champion winner tor hU engiizeuK-i.is in luture. Tno old hu.'nc never look' d bettor in his life, and although it is improbable that he will win many more handicaps under the crushers allotted him, the son of Panio will make matters pretty warm for Le Grand, Malua, Martini-Henry and Co., at weight for age. Mu. For did not back Scot Free, who won the Two Thousand Guineas, for a ehillirg until after the lior&r9; had gone down to tbe -tarling'poj-t (says tbe London World), when he put on £1000 at a fraction over 3 to 1. Fordham had £0 on, this being his maximum. The Duchess of Montrose was very nearly buiing Scot Free on Tuesday. Tho price i?ked was lOjWU guinea?, and looking at the sums paid respectively for Prince, Han- ester, and Busybody, it cannot be said that Mr. Foi's estimate wu? an excessive one. Sib John WiLtouGiiBr stood 10,000 to 300 about Queen Adelaide for the Derby. After the Craven week he took tliisbelabout tbe double event of Scot Free for tbe Two Thousand and bis own mare for Epsom. "Queen Adelaide finished third for the Derby. Harvester, who ran a dead heat for first place with Si. Guticn, was also the property of Sir John "Wil'.oughby, who pur chased 'him for S600 guineas at tho gale of Lord Falmouth's horses.— Ed. 5.1 # The axiom that all is not gold that glitters has over and over again been exemplified at the sales of raring trophies, and a case occurred recently within our own knowledge, in Victoria, when a trophy, Talaed by the club which donated it, at 150 guineas, was disposed of a few months after it was won for £45, and the jeweller who bought it tells ne it waa dear at that. We gather from our English files that, at the sale of Count Lagrange's raring trophies, the Jockey Gab Cup won by Verneuil, advertised to be worth £300, was sold for £112. The Ascot Cop, nominally worth £1000, realised £320. The whole collection, supposed to be worth £4200, fetched £1600. Feed Abcheb does not appear to be as great a favourite iu France as ho is at home. The English crack crossed tho " silver streak" last month to ride Archidac in the French Two Thousand, and I take the following account of bis reception, after winning the race, from Truth : — " A cor respondent, who encloees his card, aad who certainly is in a position to know what passes on Frenoh racecourses, sends us tbe following letter:—' In all tbe accounts I have seen in the English sporting papers of the French Two Thousand, run on Sunday last in tbe Bois de Boulogne, there has not been a word said concerning tho reception Archer, the ridet of Arobiluc, met with as ho passed the post many lengths in advance of the other horses. He was hiBsed, groaned, whistled, and yelled at, had tufts of grass thrown at him, and Was followed by a mob, fonr or five of whioh shook large sticks at him, for no earthly reason, except, perhaps, because he was clover enough to get about . twenty lengths start, and most wisely kept it. Many things connected with tbe race have been reported, but, somehow, tbis peculiar ' item has not. Whilst on the subject of the Ponle d'Essai, may I call your attention to the remarkable report of the betting on that raoe r Archiduc is returned at seven to four on. Such odds were never at any one time laid on the horse. Six to four wae laid, and that price only in very few instances. When the bettine on the raoe really commenced at about 1.15 ou the day, 500 even waa laid against him. The next biirgeet bet was 1000 to 600 on, laid by a Mr. Goodson for the Hardaway and Topping Bonlogna firm; and, as the horses were at the poet, one of the most responsible bookmakers in Franoe offered to take of M. Meurioe Ephraeri 250 to 200 that Arohiduo did not win. Yet, in the face of all this, the horse is returned at 7 to 4 on. I can only add that those who have not benefited by the quotation are those who backed Arcner'e mount at starting price. ' I hear Lord Mayo, wbo has devoted himself to the shooting of big game, was inconsiderable peril a few weeks ago from the attack of a rabid rhinoceros, who struck such terror into the elephant upon which bis lordship was mounted that he turned tail and fled from the furious pachyderm. However, an express rifle can stop anything, even a rhinoceros, if well held, and Lord Mayo's nerve was equal to the crisis.— London U'orW. 