THE REV. J. C. KIRBY ON THE 'MINISTRY OF HEALING.' The Rev. J. C. Kirby preached at the Port Adelaide Congregational Church on Sunday evening. May 4, on ' Miracles, Gifts of Heal ing, and Mr. Wood.' The building, which is one oi the largest in tne rort, was crowded, and the congregation included manv mem bers of other local Churches. Mr. Kirby's text was Acts, ch ii. 22— 'Yemen of Israel, hear these words : Jesus of Nazareth, a man approved of God among you by miracles and wonders and signs which God did by Hun on the most of you, as ye yourselves also know.' Having showed how Christ worked unquestionable miracles, as stilling the tempest, walking on the sea, and raising the dead, and how the apostles did similar works, the preacher said South Australia had recently been very much astonished by Mr. Wood, who claimed to perform works of healing like those performed by Christ and his apostles. Mr. Wood, from his enquiries, was of honest repute, and there was every reason to suppose him sincere and not seek ing bis own ends. He was not using the claim to make money, or he might have made £200 or £300 since he had been here. There had been a few paltry collections made, but by those responsible for the hire of the buildings in which to carry on operations. Mr. Wood was honest if a mistaken man. It was the duty of the public, then, to give him a candid hearing. The world had suffered great injury already through the blind prejudice and wicked persecution of men with new or revived ideas. There was a-p reat deal more to be discovered than liad been, and they should be prepared for che manifestation of new things, so that human life might live on a higher scale and _ to nobler and better ends. Cures and healing came from minerals, vegetables, hydropathy, and animal magnetism. It seemed clear that persons of mighty will conld exercise a cura ;ive influence over their weaker fellows. Because some cured by minerals or mag netism it did not follow that Mr. Wood or others who might be used as instruments or servants of God might not exercise a certain healing influence by means of forces. they obtained by their faith in Christ or by the use of cer tain natural forces brought into play under the. inspiration of the Spirit of Christ. Would any deny that religion— the mighty force that swayed and moulded not only the indi vidual, but society— had not curative in fluence? But the gift of healing was not necessarily a miracle. To create a new lung was a miracle. But to cure a nervous disease brought about by a stupid habit of mind by setting the mind in a healthy frame was not necessarily a miracle, although it might bo the operation of a religious faith. In the Epistle to the Corinthians the gift of healing is distinctly marked off from the gift of miracle - working. Miracles were of a creative nature, and were accounted impossible by those who foolishly held that the laws of Nature could not be broken. But those laws were broken millions of time every minute. In the world they saw a number of forces conflicting and overcoming one another, and breaking one another's laws, as, for example, the law of vegetation broke the law of dead chemistry. As man was superior to the animal, Christ was a superior force to humanity j and as the higher forces prevail over the lower, it was scientific and natural that He should control matters according to His wisdom and love. Respecting faith as a condition of healing, Mr. Wood demanded 'saving faith' to get the body cured, and claimed to foe on the lines Christ and the apostles worked on. But the Saviour did not make saving faith in any instance a neces sary condition of a work of healing. Christ sometimes asked for faith in his power, and faith made the work easier. The roan who had an infirmity for thirty-eight years was healed without faith, but doubt lessly he exhibited it afterwards. Paul healed Publius straightaway. Hence Mr. Wood had demanded more than his Master, and therefore limited his power of healing to the household of faith. But that was a gift the like of which was not to be found in the New Testament. There was an essential reason why faith should be a condition of personal salvation, but not of miracles and works of healing. Had Christ limited the working of miracles and the exercise of gifts of healing to the apostolic age? Certainly not, and in proof he quoted Matthew iv. 24 ; 2 Timothy ii. 9 ; Revelation xvi. 14\. In the latter ages God would tolerate lying wonders and deceiving miracles ; and certainly he would not forbid the Holy Spirit through sanctified and holy men for working blessed miracles. In the Corinthian Church ordinary religious men possessed the power ; and Horace Bushuell, the great scientific and philosophical theolo gian of America, had traced its existence in variouspartsof the late historyof Christianity. George Fox, the Quaker, who lived a conse crated life, and possessed tremendous brain power, testified to having worked wonders and# signs ; and if they could not take his testimony, they might as well take up the words of David, saying—' Allmen are liars.' But the gift of healing was by the Holy Ghost and under his control. The fanatical doctrine that every Christian, if he had faith, could exercise the gift, was unscriptural. Those who had possessed it, however, had not always the same measure. In _ Jeru- salem, in the early days, Peter had it in a remarkable degree, so that people were healed when within his shadow; but it lessened as time went on. Paul exhibited it largely when he established the Kingdom of God in Corinth, but Paul had a sick friend whom he could not cure, and had a thorn in the flesh which he could not get rid of. The gift was not a cure-all. They had heard of Mr. Wood's failures, but it was not to be wondered at. The nine Apostles failed in one instance, because the case required a power that went not out but by prayer and fasting. It did not follow that Mr. Wood had no power because even prof essingbelievers did not get cured. Another thing alleged against llr. Wood was that he did not com pletely cure, but they ought to be thankful if he set in motion healing processes. A sensible plan would be to submit his work to a committee competent to investigate it. Mr. Wood had not, however, the gift of knowledge and wisdom developed, or he would have discovered the limitation to his power, and have refused to attempt the cure of organic diseases, which would be a miracle. He might have a power of healing the nervous system and functional derangement. If he had said cures by minerals and vegetables was Satanic work it further proved the want of knowledge and wisdom. If medical men would get their eyes a little wider open, and abandon some of the bigotry and old womanly prejudice, they might do more for suffering humanity. But their treatment of hydropathy and homoeopathy justified the request that they should abandon their prejudices. The Devil could not make nature ; it was too beautiful. He could only damage it. All curative agencies predicated the spiritual cure by Christ of the great disease called sin, and the greatest mii'acle was the conversion and transformation of a man's moral nature. , 