LETTERS TO THE EDITOR. NOTICES TO CORRESPONDENTS. Mr. P. Webstkb, writing on Wednesday, sends the following for the information of ' Ghost of Henry Thornton' : — Henry Thornton, Esq., M.P., is a very old friend of mine. I have used bis beautiful prayers in my family for 34 years. I love Thorn ton immensely, and delight in his prayers, for they are as good as the Book of Books. I now do not intend to use this Black Wednesday praver. as I had intended. this evening, but instead thereof I will use one direct from God. MB88B8. Jakbs Lilly & Co., of Fremantle, writing on Thursday, say: 'This informa tion [in effect, as we stated in last Wed nesday's issue of The Inquirer, that the b. Rob Roy lay on the shelf without employment at Port Adelaide] is incor rect.' Many in this colony will be very . pleased to hear that the old boat has nol yet reached the end of her career, while they will felicitate themselves not a little that vessels of the Sob's stamp have made way on our coasts for vessels in which people can travel with some chance of obtaining comfort and decency. In the paragraph we gave on Wednesday we stated that the Rob Roy lay moored ' in the stream' at Port Adelaide— that por tion of the river into which almost all vessels not having employment there are relegated. Moreover the Rob Roy has never left Port Adelaide since she reached there, requiring overhaul of her machi nery, exactly two months ago. Messrs. Iriliy & Co. add:—' The Boy Boy, ere this, has taken, up her running from Port Adelaide to the Golf ports, being looked % upon with great favor by this Company, and it is further on intended to give her compound machinery of about 60 horse power, which we hid d-v?ded upon had we continued the steam services of this Colony/* ' Omb Who Knows' says : — When are we to hare Responsible Government, with come one at the helm who will study to some extent the convenience of tradesmen and the public in general? Until last Wednesday I did not receive payment for' an account I had against the Govern ment, which placed me in an awkward position, and at substantial loss, owing to the Governor being «o intent upon' Ms Rottnest engagements as not to have been able to forward, to the {Treasury the necessary warrant for payment. And the poor Government officials, too ; many of them were completely starved out, and, consequently, were obliged to borrow from their frieadfl, whose resources were . strained to the utmost. It will 1-e in teresting, although not encouraging, to learn that we now have an extraOED Broome Governor, whose travelling expenses have already reached three times those of six Harry Ord — the most ex travagant Administrator we have ever had. In short, summing up our present chief, *we Ore now Buffering the disadvant ages of an Ord Administration without its attendant advantages,, iwiagp;fifBlT1f-r though they were. 