Turf Talk. By Nemo. A niceTyarranged meeting is to come off at Eandwick to- I day nndtr the auspices of Tattersall's Club, and the flag 1 will go down for toe first race at 1.15. Five raoes are set jfor decision, commencing with the Hurdle Race, the plaoes for which may be divided between Alpha, Dispatch, and Uhlan, with Chevalier as the best oi the outsiders. It is somewhat difficult to tell what will start for ihe Tramway Handicap, but on paper the pnwpeste of the XDUCB*uu|fruv«3u uuvriuu^i juiuuuB) «uu jl/owuuuu w be brighter than those of ghost. In the more than probable absence of Howlong rail /Whisper Low, Paul, Kathleen Mavoumeen, and Parole may come home as named. The Two-year-old Stakes- is rattier puzzling,but np to idate the fastest work has bees done by Mr. Knight's brown colt by Goldsbrongh from Lady Sophia (imp.) ; El vie, by Maribyrnong from Stella ; and Good Luck, by The Drummer from Camellia, and they a'e likely to occupy the places. The Loftus Handicap is a very dangerouB race to meddle with, and on paper Friendship, Bryan O'Lynn, and Desmond look best, bat the race is far too open to encourage investment. It shonldnot be forgotten that nominations for the Wagga Gold Cap, Grand Stand Handicap, and Steeplechase most teach the secretary, Mr. J, Hawses, at or before 4 p.m. on the 15th of this month. It is a noticeable feature that no minations to the Ladies' Bracelet can be made free of charge, and this event Is also to close on the 15th of Avgoet. j The foil programme for the Northern Jockey Club meet- ! ing, to be plajad oat at W«*t Maftland o& Wednesday a»g Friday September 17ih anfi 19th, appeared in our last, and , shall ce fully th'Ecnesed next week. Inthe meantime it is only, necessary to remind owners of horses that the general entry is to close on the 26th of this month. The following horses bare been struck oat of their V.. A.: T. C. engagements.: — Hurdle Race: Sundowner, The, Agent. Steeplechase : Sundowner. Balaclava 8takes: The Agent, Gipsies' Warning. Canlfield Cup : Oadeifl, Liverpool, illusion. This learns 93 horses stall in the race. ; A day's racing will be held under the auspices of the H udgee TattersaU's Club on the 11th 'September, the day after the opening of the Mudgee railway. The entries for ; the principal handicaps close on the 26th August, and tho - weights are to be decJated on the 30th. The added money is about £400. The course is in splendid condition, and a good mbny local horses are in training. Sporting matters have been somewhat dull Coring the last few days, and no material change has taken place inthe prices on forthcoming events. Anglesey haB been -scratched for the Great Metropolitan Stakes. Tichborne, who ran so well at the recent Deniliquin Meeting, bas been purchased by Mr. J. H. Boundlyfor £150. ? Tbe Victorian Amateur Turf Clab Steeplechase Meeting is to take place at Caulfield on Saturday next, and the weights will be found in another column. Ring wood heads the list in the Hurdle Race with 12et. 12lb., with Don Quixote next at Ub. less. Kit Nubbles, who is a novice at the stick business, bas been allotted Sat. ; and at weights Matador, Ontario, end Don Quixote look best. The Grand National Eteeplechaee cannot fail to produce a great race, and Chester, Lizette, and Fame bid fair to divide the hcnour8. The .balaclava Stakes is far too open to middle with, but on paper Ironmaster, Josephine, and Castaway look to have better chances than most. . rr— 1.1 ? ? ? ? ? « /.n A UAie^i wuu woe 00 uevcreiy luiurtu uy u juu at viaicu don a few weeks ago, is now in a fair way towards recovery, * ' . ' Amongst the horses recently sold at Melbourne were: — Euclid, to Mr. D. Robertson, for 360 guineas; Confusion, to Mr, W. Neil, for 300 guineas; Mitchem, to Mr. King, for 110 guineas; and Canary, by Epigram, to Mr. Pigott, for 200 guineas. On next Monday afternoon the committee of the Austra lian Jockey Club will inquire into the proceedings at the late Druitt Town Meeting. About a fortnight since we published a rumour to the effect that Martini-Henry had been blistered, and that it was supposed that he was afflicted with ringbone, and as he has not been seen on the training track sinoe it ib thought that there must te something senouBly wrong. First Demon is to be treated to six months' holiday. The Eouth Australian Jockey Club will hold its Derby Meeting on the 1st of September, when several interesting items will be decided. There are 11 in the Hurdle Race, 8 in the Steeplechase, U in the Morphetville Plate, and 12 ia. the Spring Handicap. The chief event at the late Walgett Meeting, the Namoi Handicap, U mile, was won by Mr, Thompson's The Monk, 6et. 12lb. , 1; with Mr. M'Cracken'fe Falcon, 6st. 131b. ; Mr. Maldne's Nan. 7st. 21b.. ill the places, in 2.48}. The Tagrnanisn horse Meteor, by St. Albans from Rinff wood's dam, who is engaged in the Caulfield and Melbourne cups, has arrived in Victoria. Our old friend Patriarch, by Yattendon from Days of Old, was so aeriously hurt in New Zealand a couple of weekB ago thatit was necessary to have him -destroyed. , The celebrated English trainer, Matthew Dawson, is abDut to retire. Mr. Walton, the American plunger, .was. a very heavy loser in England during the past season, and has shippedhis horses and himself for Am^ioa. ?? Amongst the equine celebrities which are to take their departure for India bythe Newcomen are Sting, Ned Kelly, Musidora, King of tbe Vale, Noorong, Regulator, Prospect, Bassanio, Triplet, and the Grand National Steeplechase winder, (foippenhant. St. Gatien, who rana dead .heat with Harvester for the English Derby, has not been nominated for ' the St. Leger. In the la$t Derby colts carried 9st. and fillies 8st. 91b. ' Wrman, the jockey, who was so seriouslv hurt by Wait a-' While falling with him in the Gelling 'Hurdle Race at Pent Augusta,- is slowly recovering. From our- English files, we ^ learn ' that St.^ Simon, by Galopin from St. Angela, '3 years, 8st., won the Goodwood Cup, 2£ miles, easily from Ostian, by Salv&tor; from Music, 4 years, 9st. 51b. The Whiternntide Plate, for two y ear* olds, five furlongs,, was secured by Cora, by ^ncas from Gratin«ka, 9st,. with Rosy Morn, 9st. 7lb.V1«nd Aveline. 8st. 111b., in the places. Cora won easily by a length and a-half in 1.4£. ? Mr. R. Peck's Superba. by Sterling from-Hiehland Jtfing, 9st. 31b., won the Sandown Derby, beating Darlington, 8st. 9lb.^ Camlet, 9st., and a good field. Ihe Ascot Gold Vase went down before Mr. J. Hammond's St. Gatien, by Rotherhill from St. Edith, 8st. 41b., and he was seen home by Corrie Roy, 8st. 131b., and Tristan, 10st._ The Gold Cup went to the Duke of Portland through St. Simon, who carried 7st. 91b., and won by 20 lengths from Tristan, 9ct 41b., and the two miles ana a-half were ran in 4.32. Tbe Manchester Cup, 1} mile was won by. Mr. J. Ham mond's Florence, by Wisdom from Enigma, 7st. 21b , and she was followed home by Robertson, 6st. 91b., and Corrie Roy, 9et 101b., In 3.22. At Goodwood Florence was beaten by Stockholm, a daughter of Cadet and Stockhausen, for the Goodwood Stakes, 2J miles. H. Luke, the well-known English jockey, is aboat to visit Australia. xair amount oi eunu, guuu worn was uone at xvanawiCK on Tuesday morning, when Old Gold opened the ball by cantering, and Hypatia appeared to have more to .Bay than I Venetiaatthe end of a smart brush. Palarenda, Rapid, and Lord Clifden ran a mile and a-quarter at their top, and Rataplan joining in when three-quarters of a mile from home fBirly romped over them. Bellbird showed more pace than Little Star; and Sir.Modred beat Bristol over a mile and a-half, bnt it should not be forgotten that the New Zeal ander iB much more forward in point of condition than the ton of Clifton. Sweet William and Blazes were also out, and the latter shaped particularly welL - Morceau and ; Tramp were Benta good' mile and a-half, and thelatter appeared to hold the filly safely at' the end. Despot went -well with Treibando, and the othvre that did good work were Iolanthe, Tempe, Phil Athol, Tomboy, Prince Im perial, Honejdew, Wallangra, and Battailous. Bargo was backed for all available money in Melbourne on Monday for the V. R. C. Derby at 6 to 1 ; fi to 1 was afterwards the best offer. Garfield has receded at 8 to 1 offered. 1 Marshall Nev, Forward, and Paddjmelon have been scratched ior the Canlfield Cap. Tbe South Australian colt Hurricane, whom it mav be remembered ran third for the last Victorian Derby won by Martini-Henry, haa been eo freely backed for the Hawkes I bury Grand Handicap that on 1st August 6 to I was the best [ offer against him. - His resolute advance caused Sir Modied to recede to 10 to 1, and Wallangra and Rapid found some favour at 14 to 1. Britisher has been scratched for the Great Metropolitan Stakes. The annual meeting of Bowes' Tattersall's Clab (our Melbourne correspondent telegraphs) was held on August 1. ' Tbe club is in an excellent financial condition. It was an nounced that a race meeting in connection with the dab will be held on the Moonie Valley conrse, aid the chairman, Mr. H. H. M'Millan/rigpified his intention of presenting a trophy of the value of fiOeoineaa. Mr. J, J, Sacqui, who has held ths position of honorary secretary to ihe club for some years, has resigned, and the oommittee will appoint a paid secretary. Le Grand and liberator have been struck out of the Caulfield Cup. Our Port Macquarie correspondent telegraphs that, on account of the wet state of the course, there was only a small attendance at the races on the 1st inst. The only important event waa for a £20 Btakc^ which waa won by Mr. Gxbblefs Cassandra. j The Andes is the l»Wt wmafaihiiig fnr thn . i Our Goulburn correspondent telegraphs that at a meeting I of the race clab, vfckh ww fetid aa Tuesday, it was dented to bold thte spring meeting on the 13th tod 14th of Novem* ' her. ? ; ' ? Some thousands in &votir; bf Meteor, for the Caulfield Cup, were booked in Melbourne on Monday by_ a commifisloner at 1000 to 30 dosing at 1000 to 35' taken. For the Hawfcee bmy Handicap^ HumcOne was at 7 to'l offered. 100 to 6 was taken about Erin, and 1000 to 30 . was booked about Bargo for thd Mdboume£np. Messrs. W. C. Yuill and Co. held their annual sale o thoroughbred stallionB at TattersalTB bazaar, Melbourne, oil Monday. There was a good attendance, buttheigreat majority ; of animals entered, ana which included many sires of repute, ' 'were pafsed in, the prioes offered beinggenerally muchbdow the owners' values. The sales included Eudid, 360 guineas, to. Mr. Robertson ; Confession, 300 guineas, to Mr. W. Neil; Canary, 200 guineas, to Mr. Pigott ; MRcham, 110 guineas, to Mr. King; General Scobelofi, 35guineaS|to Mr. - Robertson ; Deuce of Hearts, 95 guineas, to Mr. Woods ; Hibernian, 85 guineas, to Mr. Warby; Kohinoor, 75 giinras, to Mr. Struthers; Petrel, 40 guineas^ to Mr. - Eandwick waB well attended on Thursday moroieg, tod nearly all the regularattenuants were treated to goodsdtuxd.^ work. All the training tracks are in capital ordtic, Bfli' amongst those that shaped well on the course proper were Sir .. Modred, Battailous, Wallangra, Despot, Tramp, Moroeau , - Rataplan, Tait, Eriflj Rapid, Bryan O'Lynn; Tfeniipe, , Bargo, Tremanao, and Mr. Eales's uid Mr. Loder'/i teams. . Hurricane, Baron von Mueller, and Reginald have arrived 1 from Melbourne. - '' The Australian Jockey Club has every reason tp po satisfied with the entries which have been reoeived ;for the forthcoming Spring Meeting, for there are 24 in the Hurdle . Race, 19 in the Trial Stakes, 39 ia the Epsom Handicap, ? 16 ia tbe Spring Stales, 31 in the Welter Handicap, 44 in the Shorts, 17 in the Maiden Plate, 21 in the Selling , Plate, 39 in the Squatters' Handicap, 49 in Subarnjan Handicap, 22 in the Grand Stand Plate, 23 in the Craven Plate, 37 in tbe Svdney Handicap, 21 in the Second Hurdle ~ Race, 27 in the Members' Handicap. 14 in tho Rtndwick Plate, 25 in the Waverley Handicap, 23 in the Steeplechase, - and 46 in tbe Free Handicap. Forty-one still remain in for the Great Metropolitan Stakes, and with the exception of abbat ludf' a score they ; are a veiy moderate lot indeed. Up to date no decided v favourite has been made, and very little betting has taken - place. ' 4 ' ' - j i;; ' : We have received a copy of Centaur's Index for, 1884. - The volume contains even more information than usual,' and its list of performances of the horses engaged in the ? principal events of the season is the most oomplete that has . ever been published. The work can be purchased at -Mr. ' iMarshall's, 100, Maiket- street, Sydnoy. ; ..-.r... » The betting market is very quiet, and save that Hqriji? cane and Sir Modred have found support for the Hawkes- ? : bury Handicap at 100 to 12 and 100 to 10 respectively yery little business has-been transacted; The Skipper (says ' Trumpator,*' of the Adelaide Observer) is reported to have been backed for the Melbourne Cup to win JS10,000.- He belongs to Mr. Whitehead, tHe owner of Star, and is hy Boatman by Fisherman/^ At Mount Gam bier, the other day, he won the principal handicaps under / 9st. 21b., ; and then won the Blue Handicap under &sfc; 81b. The Ek^-per is describe! as a small horse, but 6sL lllb. will not hufthim if he is class enough for the company. ' v Inclusive of the 300 govs, which, according to the condi tions of the raoe, were to be awarded the second horse (says , the Auckland Weekly 2K«os),-t ha Derby this year waa , worth £4850, rthis -8um being equally divided between the dead-heaters, St. 'Gatien and Harvester. The value of the ; race for the previous; ten years was ,as follows : — 1874* George Frederick, £$350 ; 1875.. Galopin, £4950; 1876a Kisber, £6575; 1877, Silyio, £6050; 1878, Sefton, £5825; ; 1879, Sir Bevys, £7025; 188p, Bend Or, . £6875 ; ? 1881Bi Iro^iois, £5925 ; 1882, 8hotoyer, £4775 ; 1S83, St. Blaias^ *' Rapier,' in the Sporting and Dramatic News, has.ths \ following :— *' A fewweekfe aeo I wrote some noteB awmt ' systems of backing horses, and since then I havb tootfyea mpny letters from inquirers who have yet to buy experience. ? Several of my correspondents ask whether there is nbt a. fortune to be.made by backing first favourites, beginning with a small p take and doubling the stake after each loss, never laying odds on. It looks bo simple and oertaiu oil 1 Eiper. I have answered some, of theM inquirers, who, owever, seem loth to believe that lt will not work iti practice. Well, let them fay! The consequence will be that they will lose their money. Most of my correspondents. . write ' to ask what syatem I can recommend. I canuot re commend Shy. The 'chances and; uncertainties of racing are so great that no system can oope with them. Is it not certain that' wore anysystem possible itwould have been dieoovered long before Ibis ? For. the last Wntauy the ring hats been 'a^ corporation Of practically inexhiustible wealth, , inviting attacks from any and all quarters. TheshreWdeart and foMt experienced men have striven to discover a ^ysteu, bntwithont sacoess up to the present time, and this is sttreay . because no system is possible. There is one practically car- . tain way of making money on the turf— that is the way of , the bookmaker, who has a little capital to tide him over a bad week, when tuch a rarity occurs, and who is not led out ofthe track ofhis businessby fancies; and the mere fact ttat bookmakers always do make money— with hardly enough exceptrons to prove the rule—^ should show that the systems of backing horses will not work.' 