ACTING IN EARNEST.. It is well known that. during those: hours which the late Mr. Charles Dickens devoted to literary labouir, so thoroughly did he throw himself into the different characters of hise.works; that':for the time being he :thought, plotted, spoke,, and acted" only in, their respective persons, forgetting altogether that he- was either 'a novelist or Charles Dickenis, orlindeed ahy,other than that par ticular individual whose portrait had so long by-mental. intercourse become indelibly im plante'd on'-hisi' 'ind "' To` the habitual practice of this trait; therefore, a'very large proportion.of his success is to be attributed; for it must always be maintained that in the truthful delineation of. character--aniid each' individiial 'character embodies :a variety of tlhe]i'uman" passionl all the- genius oftan exceptionally;qualified novelist or dramatist is to be traced; and he who can so com 'pletely identify himself with the creations of his imnagination -as- to sink' in'themn the consciousness of his own, personality, must needs, present a" chain of characterisation as fiatural'as it will be imposing and' attrko tive .'' And if this be true of an author, with how much greater force must it not apply, to an actor, who becomes; at.once the instrument or "the interpreter 'of the, diamatist, and who?e business itbis to represent faithfully all those £motions which have been allotted. to the character that he impersonates.? ,It is 'therefore iiot oiily niecessary that ,the histriotaet.his part?with all'due intelligence;' and ,with every attention to details in the matter 'of costuime aId ' otiher aceessories; but he must actually. feel" the cbharacter `to lose himself sob?completely; that, :for the time present, he become in turn Othello, Maibeth, i Romeo,., or, any othert of those personages .hich his ar.,calls upon him to assume., A characteristic anecdote,' ably'illustrating this fact, has lately been reported-oin the authority. of- M.: Jules OClaretie-touching upon Salvini's conception of Othello. ., It ap pears.that one;' evening. the, great tragedian was sorely pressed'by a party of friends to give them as a recitation the last'iiinologu'e of Othello., At length he :consented, and after a few moments rose, and begapi in.that fine resonant.voice with which few members of his urofessiobn 4hve b'eien so gifted." But' suddenly, and- in the middle' of a line, he paused; then, with a gesture significant of disappointment, exclaimed : "'No ;.it is imr possible 1, I. am not in, the situation. I am not prepared for this' supreme anguish. In' order to render the frantic despair of Othello, I need to have passed through all his tor tures,`i I; need. to, have played, the, whole. part,. But :to,, enter thus the',soul of a character" withouit iaving gradually ,pene trated iiito it-I caninot;'it is' impossible I' Salvini is moved by the associations of his part ; and from the moment he.steps on the stge, he is `no 'longer'Salvini biut Otelie'lo, Lear, o; any other of 'Shakespearb's imaster-' pieces. .It is. jocularly said tin..Italy, ..that Salviiii always carries m ihi;pliicket a fiee pardon, 'signed by Victor=Emmanuel; ?i?jid countersigned by the Minister of. Justice, ind' case when he plays Othello, of' his smother-. ingDesdemona in downright earnest. . .. Another impassioned actopr of the very highest' class': was- the' late Mr.- Macready. '' ..have, ofteni; watched ?him," writes Mr.. George Augustus Sal, " from the flies before he went on, standing at the wing, apparently'. lashinig :hiiss?f: into the proper'. fram `of' excitement needed for the particular.i p?i which he;wats playing, and muttering, me'an' while in a seemingly ;incoherent manner to. himself. 'But I have ibeeni'assured. 'that these 'itt'erances were, by,'no means '.inco herentl .ad that thliorbughly identify?in'g liin self :withl the part;, he unfelgnedly, beljeved' himself, for the nonce, to be .Hamlet; Maci beth, 'or what not; and .would-hold the mosi passionate discourse witli hiimself; touching the' guilt, of' Claudius, the 'gray, hairs of Duncan, aid the potency igravity'and rever-. ence ,of , the Sighory, of; Venice, . his, very, noble and approved goodmasters." On one; occasion,, immeditely lifter% iiihutaini lad beeii ruing up on the first' aot~6f 1 Maib'etli;' an'4inluckysactor in the com pany, chancedto stumble. upon the tragedian diring his :pas' sionate prepaiations, the consequence ,of whichwas that Macready, quite unwittingly, Sdealt.himar~bldwon the hand wtth:auch force : thatth'e~ lood floved for?? ;. and as atithat instant tie viotim was osrmla'hie ii, ;entran6e on.the scene,he impersonated the., ll'eeding ' soldier" only too naturally, apd much to the astboishment of the other actors.: Talmo, ago, was so realistic an aotor,.that, in' order to wor~k up his grand bursts .of pasionp, he would seize upoi'any'uinforttinate super whom he came upon behind the scenes, and shake hrd" until he" hiinself bedaiied' breathless,:and the mani frightehed'beyond all control at his assumed violence., Never. theless, the peculiaritles both of Macresdy and- Talima' were 6nly i 'accordaince with thkt precedent furnished in ancient history, though with less 'disastroui results."'A'cord.' ing to Plut.arch, zEsop, the Roman actor:so interested himself in.,the, characters- h; nndertool?, that'one daylj hen he plyed Atreus, he; in that' scenei:eiere' it falls to hibs lotto consider.how'hli might'best destroy' the tyrant Thyestes,,worked himself up into such a pitch of urigove~rnable rage that he struck one of th ininbr performers with his sdceptre aid laid hiin dead at'hig feet.": ? .From the' earliest days of' the Gr'eek theatre, the drama held a.foremostposition among the arts, and was considered side by side in importance with oratory. :Nor during its reign aniong" the Romans, at' a" later period, was this high estimationof the tragic muse; suffered to abate. The ancients in. fused such an intense- earnestness and zeal into their acting, that no effort or sacrifice was ever deemed too great, if, by its employ ment, the interests of their art could be in anywise enhanced. And how well these in. perpreters of the dramatists of old acquitted themselves on all occasions has been fully exemplified in the interests of Pulux, who, on thevery day on which he was to imper-' sonate Electra in one of the heroics of 285-. Sophocleas,deeply mourned the death of his : only son; yet this did not inspire him with sufficient cause to. tear himself from' the . theatre and his duties towards the public as' an actor. And since, by a peculiar dramatic Scoincidence, the part he was to play was an exact resemblance of his own condition-a fond father.bewailing the loss of his. child he, in order to. ^endor his grief the 'more poignant and natural, employed on the stage the identical funeral urn containing the ashes of his lamented son,. at which he was,. not only visibly affected hiniself ;-bit the 'entire asseinblage were touched' unto tears "' at this exhibition, so harrowing in its reality, so intensely soul-inspiring in its sorrow.. i Descending at once to the time ,of ,Shak speare, and continuing our survey 'through the whole history of the modern drama,? we discover the same earnestness that, charac terised the acting of the ancients. O1 Bet-. terton, the contemporary of the Inimortal Bard, it has been recorded, that none was ever more qualified by nature and by genius' f to act what Shakspeare wrote; and that he. never for a single moment, while on the' stage, conducted himself as an actor, but as the character he represenaed. We are told also that whenever he played Hamlet he.was 'actually seen to turn pale as the ghost api peared, so thoroughly did he enter into' the feelings of the title role, so deeply could he':. allow his imagination to drink in the horrors 0"t of such a situation. Garrick possessed the same powers ofif realisation. A grocerin Lichfield--Garrick's native place-on the occasion of a'b·rief visit'i to London, was desired by his: neighbor;,'I' 'Peter Garrick, to wait upon his brother at ,, Drury Lane:Theatre on his ,behalf:.for.. which purpose he furnished him with a letter' of introduction.: 'I"duee course lie arrived'i';"' 'yet, before'presenting hliimelfrat the? stage'i" door, the grocer thought he would first.see ;,t the performance, as he wished to, satisfy himself at' the' "outelf as to the ' personal appearance of David' Garrick :The theatre 3i was crowded in 'every .part; !and when: the: ;idol of the publicpcame on.the stage.as. Ab el Drugger, 'their.enthusiasei knew no bounds. The conseluece'of tillis visithoý'ever, `'was i :thab'the grocer returned to Lichfield' with='- : ,out, having :presented ; his letter.i If thus explained himself to Peter: "Your brother may be rich, as I daresay the "ma 'whlio'livesi like him niustbe ;' bits though: h i be' yourOJ brother, he is one of .the shabbiest, meanest,?,i; and most pitiful hounds I ever saw in the whole course of my life I .. A worthy successor" to . Garrick,' 'more .r especially 'perhaps'in Shakespearean roles,/f was Spranger Barry. .So terrible did hlie appear in. the jealous scene of, Othelo, thiat" as h'epronounced'tlie words, "I'll"tear her'3 'all in pieces !" his muscles visibly stiffened;;w his veins distended, his, eyes almost, forced themselves' froiiim their" orbits; and"'e 'eryy 'fbihi'of his 'body "partookl of that passion" which carried all: beforeit. Mfoen'nhd women-., in 'all parts, of th1e house w.ere .equally.., affected' the frail; sex ,shrieking outright ; while Bernard, in his Re'collectlion, confesses that, he could inot?leep all night' fter haviig' a witnessed such a performance. :.i •'n ., Speaking of:' Barry's :earnestness in this particular passage,, ;we cannot refrain ;from.; calling to mind Mr. Edwin Booth's experi ence in the same portion of the tragedy, as, when only ayear or'two ago, while perform-"; ing in a theatre 'at :FortGeorge: in 'the'l Far' West, the audience were so carried awaylby his terrible earnestness of purpose, that at; this point'they rose to 'a man, and di riwing their' bowi.-knives 'and revolvers, declarod , that "if he did not drop his diabolical game' ,at once; :they. would; nmake dead meat ofie. him i"--upon which revelation, the tragedian,; dropped his acting, and the manager dropped . the curtain, ' ' Throughout all such scenes in Othello' and other plays, Barry was hiimself '6o inteisely"' moved, !that his .powers of :utterance were'. conisidersably weakened, and real tears often gushed, fdith fiom, his eyes.. Apropos , of this subject; too, Charles Keinble once t6ld' Mr:?'Adolphus thatas oftein is he: (Kemble) acted Cassio, on.his brother Johni's pronoune. V ing.the words as only, he; could 'prpnounceo theni,!'Id'd believe it, and I ask your par don," lie caised" the tears to flow. readilyr 'from his eyes. "One must;'feel to' inalke: .others ,feel," .once: remarked :an. eminetnt abtres',who often 'shed: tears when excited by the 'situationis iinwhici th heroind oflier performance:fouid hierself; and Miss'Klly'" used to.: relate 'how she felt 'the-. hot 'fears ": dr6ppiiig from·.:ur . Siddons'.eyiy.wihen~ri playing one of her most pathetic parts,-- Ohismbers' Your~ae. ' a ' 