Selected Tales and Sketches. A Midnight Adventure. Another man and I were walking slowly down Broadway last night, shortly after 11 o'clock, when a stocky and heavily-built woman stepped directly in our path and accosted us in a low voice. It was just above Thirty-sixth-street, and directly op posite the excavations of Farle's new hotel. The night was dark, and the great tho roughfare almost deserted. There were five hundred street- walkers abroad, and we supposed the woman was one of them ; so we stepped aside without ceasing to talk. As I passed her she grabbed my arm and said : " Wait one minute, please ; I want to speak to you." " Not to-night. Don't grab my sleeve that way." " Don't you know me, sir ?" said the girl hurriedly. " I knew you as soon as I seen yer comin' along." . 1 looked more closely at her face, and recognised a servant girl—a chamber maid—who had been employed for a : short time in the house of a friend of | mine in Twenty-fifth-street, nearly three j years before. She was then engaged to | a soldier, who was garrisoned at Fort j Hamilton, and was very proud of her lover. He called on her whenever he [ could get leave, in terrific style—uniform,! | waxed moustache, bear's" grease, and so ; on. He only received thirteen dollars a month and his board, but he had all the \- wild instincts of a Spanish cavalier. After he had captured the girl's affec tions he ruined her. She grew worse and •' worse, until she was discharged from her .rvice in Twenty-fifth-street. She went to Fort Hamilton to see her lover, and then drifted on the town. When I first aaw her she was buxom and plump. .Her ; face was pleasant, and her eyes and teeth f bright. There was plenty of colour in her cheeks, her hair was neatly brushed, ' and she wore a close-fitting muslin gown ; that was very clean and tidy. Altogether, she was a very jolly sort of maid. She , • had been over from Ireland only two years, and still had a strong brogue. The girl never returned to the Twenty fifth-street house after she went on the town, and 1 didn't see her for nearly a year, when I ran across her one evening in Madison Square. I didn't know her, . but she recognised ine, and came up smil ing. We chatted for a few minutes while I waited for a stage, and I was struck by the great change that had come over her. She didn't call me " sir" then. She had become a "lady." We were equal—in her mind. Her hair was banged, she wore a silk jersey, gaudy shoes, a plumed •ul '.a , long yellow gloves, and a bunch of flowers at her belt. She talked in a loud style. After she bad sailed away, I got in . the stage, and presently forgot all about her. I- didn't think of her again untQ she made herself known to me on Broadway. Another great change had taken place • in her. She had evidently sunk almost to ■it 1'bottom of the scale. Her fall had rid Jsd l- »r of the idea that she was a "lady," »- and she was without the affectation that [ had characterised her on our last meeting. .Her hair waa still banged, but it had g jbeen bleached to a matted and diaagree 0 fable yellow, and her colour was all gone, s Her figure, which had formerly been very good, was much matured. It 5 seemed impossible that the woman who a now stood before me last night could to have been the bright and jolly girl of [J three years before. She looked thirty is five or forty, though, she was certainly u |ess than twenty-two years of age. 8 "Don't you know me now, air," she asked. 87 ; "Tea. You've changed very much, js though, Bridget." j "Yes, air," she said, "but don't call o me Bridget, sir. My name is Maude . now." um • "Nonsense. Why did you stop me ?" **9 | "I jnstdid it widout a minute's thought, sir, I'm that put about. I'm in trouble, 'aim' I wanted to ask someone what to do. ^'m glad I met you on that account." "What's the matter? Trouble with pie police 1" , Not this time. Y'see my sister an' _ her husband lives over here in Forty-first Ant • 0IB ftreet, near Ninth Av'noo, and their little boy died last night, or rather this mornin', a ft 3 o'clock." isis ; "Welir i " Well, sir," continued the woman, ra pidly, *' monster sent fur me this noon, but I wu amy, an' I sever heard of it till two hours ago. Then I went over there, an' see the poor little innocent lyin' ; lead in bed, an' me sister cryin'." I " "Where was her husband 7" f j "Oh, he's blind drunk, as usual, some 1 inheres along the dock. He hasn't been (home in a week, an' don't know anythin' about "the death. He's beat me sister till ishe'a almost crippled, an' she wants to run faway from him. He may come home any siinut, an* he mayn't come home in a •week. Wall! air, Tve got enough to pay for buryln' the child, air, but I'm feared, an" so is me sister." The woman began to sniffle, and sob. here, as though her heart would break. " What are you afraid of t" I asked. " Why, sir, you see we ain't told any ly of the death yet, an' people still the baby's only sick. Now, if we the perliee, they'll send us up for ipin' the death a secret, an' the baby'll ave a poor-house grave." a. " Is it your sister's child, or yours 7" The woman sniffled a bit more vio jntly, and then whined : " Please, sir, A mine. But me sister loved it like her oi. wn. It was a beautiful baby, but the erliceli have it now, an' we'll be sent ip." " I'll go over to the Thirty-ninth-street t&tion; with you, and we'll fix it up. All ou have to do is to report it to the police, 3; nd then, go to an undertaker and go down rtth him in the morning to the coroner's dp. ffice and get a burial permit. Then you u. wy bury it when you please. ; My companion and I went over to the station with the woman and fixed the mat- j ter up. There vu* no trouble about it. i The mother was greatly relieved, and in- ] sis ted upon our going and looking at the i dead boy before we went home. There was a chance for a new experience, and after a little hesitancy we followed her. It was after midnight, and the neigh bourhood forbidding. Ninth Avenue at Hiia point is lined on either side with small and poorly built shops. Ouly the liquor stores were lighted. There were four of them at every intersection of a street. A group of men stood in front of each groggery. They yelled at us occa sionally as we passed, but we were not molested during the trip. Bridget turned down Forty-firat-street hurriedly, and af ter going half way down the block stopped at the door of one of a long row of tene ment houses. These houses were of the usual pattern. They encroached on the sidewalk as much as the law allowed, and roBe perpendicular for seven or eight atories. The entrance was through a common three-foot doorway, and the stairs which led to the top of the building were as steep aB ladders. There was the unmis takable odour of decaying vegetables in the hall. We stumbled over a drunken man who cursed us in maudlin anger on the first landing, and heard the sounds of fighting in one of the rooms as We climbed the fourth floor. Then Bridget told as to wait while she went into the room. She opened the door quickly and ex plained matters to her sister, and then we went in. Bridget's sister dusted the seat of a chair with her apron and asked us to sit down. She spoke in a whisper, and had certainly been crying. The black ened and smoky lamp made the gloom more apparent. The women talked of the child for a few minutes, and then changed the subject to the drunken husband, whom they both feared. " When we git the baby in his grave, said Bridget, mopping her eyes, " we're goiu' away—Sarah an' me is." " Where V' " Out to Camden, sir. There's some rubber works there which we'll work at. We both know the work. I'll be straight now, if I starve to death. Sarah'll run away from Mike wid me. The world ain't treated neither of us good, and we're goin' to Btart again." While the woman talked she unbut toned her cloak. It revealed a red dress that exposed a liberal amount of neck and arm. "Don't show yer shame that way, you 1" said her sister, sharply, attempting to draw the cloak together again. "Oh, it's no matter. The gentleman knows what I am. He knowed me when I was a decent workin' girl." She turned toward the bed for the first time and began to simper and cry again, her sister following her example. My companion had gone to the door, which he held ajar- He was pale aa & ghost. The air was oppressively hot. " Come an' see the hoy, sir," said the woman, drawing the bedclothes down from a stark little form that was out-lined beneath them. " No, no. Let me get out in the air. I followed my friend into the hall way, and we were groping our way towards the stairs when we heard a man below cursing frightfully as he reeled and tumbled up stairs. At the same instant the woman heard him. Bridget .dashed out into the hall, and, in a frightened whisper, pushed us part way up the next flight of steps, and then ran back into the room and whispered hurriedly to her sister. Then she came back to us again, and we awaited the 'long- shoreman. He arrived at the top of the stairs, and reeled towards the door of the room, muttering imprecations on the head of his wife. Before he crossed the threshold she ran to him and cried: "Mike, the baby is dyin' —" " I'll kill the brat —" "And the doctor says he muBt have some whisky. Here'B some money, Mickey dear. Go an' git Borne of the ttufi; will yez ? Go quick, an' come back quick, there's a dearie." He seized the money, struck at his wife with another curse, and then tumbled down stairs. When he had gone, we left some money with the women and hurried down the stairs. The crisp wintry air was like a refresh ing draught to a man dying of thirst. Akgonaut. 