LECTURE ON" "CHARLES KINGSLEY." A locturo was dolivorod in tlio. Bible Christian Church last' overling by tho Rev." F. Lockwood of Geelong, tho subject being " Cliarlos Kings- ley." There was a moderato attendance. The lecturer said that Charles Kiniislov wiis a nnni chartist, clorgyinan and chivalric English gentle man. Men have dopartod from tho world who havo afforded us good examples, but tho coming man was difforent. Tho oxamples wo havo rea lised from good men who have gono from among us havo been beneficial, and ho (tlio lecturer) had read with extreme pleasure the career of Charles Kingsley. Pooplo of difforent nntions wero anxious always to speak oulogistically of their great men. For instanco, America boasted of Washington, Lincoln, and President Garfield. Franco was loud in her praises of Lamontayno and Victor Hugo ; Spain was proud of Servan- tesa and Columbus ; and it was tho same with the othor nations. Charles Kingsley was a true Briton, and was an aristocrat. Nevertheless, ho laboured hard for tho poor. His writings had not becomo widespread, and his books were rathor expensive to purchase. In tho first part bf his carcor he had experienced a groat deal of opprobrium, boeauso ho was suoli an ardent advocate for the poor people. Ho had proved liinisolf to bo a man who was possosscd of high scholarly attainments. Dean Stanloy, in speak ing of Kingsley, aaid, " He had a heart of fire and hand of love." Kingsley was born in Devonshire, at a villago called ' Holme, where his father was a curate. Holme was notod for fair womon, and oftentimes for brave men. It was in tho year 1819 when Kingsley was born, aiid so far as he was concerned ho can look back with groat interest to his ancostore. Kiugsloy's niotlior was possessed of great mental attajnmpnts, and wandered amongst tho crags and: hills about tho village. After Kingsloy had been at school in tho villago ho was removed to another at Helstou, noar Cornwall, owing to his father being a Tory and Conservative, and the teachings of the celebrated Dr Arnold wore too evangelical for tho old man. Kingsloy's father had in tho meantime boon removed from Holme to Clovelloy, whero ho was appointed rector, and where young Kingsley spent his instructive vacations. It was there that ho improved his mind, and where lie was told most amusing in cidents that evcntually came to pass by the old fisherwoinon. ' In later years Kingsley was re moved to King's College, while his father went to Chelsea. But young kingsley bocamb a little irreligious, haying to encounter sceptical and Atheistic dangers, and ho (the lecturer) always believed, that man should never bo alone, as it tonded to inako him wrangling in his thoughts. Although Kingsley suffered from stammering in conversation, he neyor was attacked with tuat physical defect when he lectured. He was a brilliant lecturer/ having boon tho prinoipal lecturer in Cambridge College. But such defects did not always impede a person in carry ing out his natural achiovementB. John Milton was blind, but lie wroto "Paradiso Lost." : Writing to Thomas Cowper one tiino, Kingsley said — " An'Atheisf I never was, but! did wan- :der about in tedious paths ; but I never could forget the truth I learnocl at my' mother's knee." He was characterised as the apostle of muscular i Christianity; His lovo -affairs were impene trably dark, but subsequently, through the in- jspiratiou of the Holy Ghost, he chose a pro fession. It was Emmerson, who had said, ' "If wo want to do . auything "successfully wq must ;hitcii our waggon to a star." So it was with IKihgsloy, who bccaino, at tho ago of 23 years, a lrec.tqr.pt Evorsley, in Hampshire, which ,'ppsitiqn' She occupied for 33 years.' During, that | period, he associated with- the villagers, working for 'them and assisting thom as much as ho .possibly ;could. England might woll be proud of him, for never had she a truer representative, being noble! and liolpful to The poor, mingling with TheiiTliko brethren aiid sisters. The .versatility of Kingsley was' aptly illustrated by tlio answerB lie gave to interrogatories put to him, and which Svore road from'a work.' by the lecturer. King sley had fonnod tho acquaintance of - Thomas Hughes,' wlio wrote the book entitled " Tom iBrown's Scliool Days,", Dean Stanloy, and other ilearno.d Englishmen., . He had wonderful powers of adaptation, being the same towards the con gregations: nt .Westminster or Eversloy Churches. He was an excellent lecturer, and would change anything into interest. 1 'His soul was full of im pulse like 'the tlirob' of- the great sea, and the most strange subjects touched upon by him con tained great versatility. Olio of his bookB, Two Years Ago," was noted for its wonderful .vitality, and the locturer quoted some extracts Horn it, which showed that the author was exceptionally; brilliant in putting life into hip "work's. Kingsley had allied himself to chartists' principles, and wrote a book called '.'.Yeast," for, tho purposo of espousing the Icause of the poor people. Sometimes we think itliat England is a paradiso; but wo must roraem- jber that pur forefathers had endured great tribu- jlation to obtain the liberty now enjoyed. Take for install oe the hard struggles that wero experi enced in 1840. Tho Shops' Commission recently 'appointed in this colony was a noble one, be cause it had opposed the sweating system, which ', i was prevalent to a great extent in tho old country froin 1837 to 1848. Kingsloy, Tom 'Hughes, Dean Stanley and others wont to the front' in those times and fought desperately for 'the privileges of the poor pooplo, and wore suc cessful. Kingsley bolipved that some of the chartists woro allied to scepticism and infidelity, and iff 1851 when the exhibition was opened in Loudon ho preachod a sermon on liberty iand freedom. For this and other things he gained great patronage and distinctions ifrom tho Prince Consort and tho Queen. ;He also wroto a book called " Hypatia,'.' and had been appointed some time afterwards to "tho Canonry of Chester ; ho was a true man, and firm as a rock, and livod among convictions. " He does tho best, who lives best, and does tho nob lest act." When ho was chaplain to tho Queen, lie remarked that tho days of chivalry wore not gono from Englishmen so long as tho struggles of the poor people had to bo fought. The lec ture throughout was handled in a masterly man ner by tho rov. lecturer, and was highly interest ing. 