TALES AND SKETCHES. Inmc Jerry. With her baby nt her breast, Jane 06cnr strolled ' through the woods ono summer morning. There were memories in this young woman's life tlint sometimes violently agitated her heart, and nt such times nothing pleased her more than to plunge into wild deaths of tho forest, and forget in physical fatigue the pain it angered her to feel. As she stepped on, licet of foot, with down- dropped eyes, and arms tight as steel nronnd her child, she was startled by a weakly uttered curse, loosed npjiarcntly, liko a poisonous odor, from the ground. Pressing on, flung among aheap of weeds, beside a fallen tree, she saw n coiled misshapen figure. An ugly contorted face lay with closed oyes in a piercing sun ray. It had probably been tho sun ray that ho had cursed, "Lame Jerry 1" "Jano!— is that Jane Oscar?" ; " Yes. What's the matter ?" "They've ilouc for me, I'm afcarcd, Jane." "Who? what? in pity's norao." . "Them wild-cat devils who helped t' run Welch's still." "You told on 'cm to Peters?" in aloud frightened- whisper. " Yes, d— n tfieni. And they've killed me forit." " Hebbenot, Jerry, .I'll go for Dick, an' we'll do all we kin for you." Thon 'with n womau's impulse sho took off her cotton dress waist, and liung it on a bush in n wny to shield Lamo Jerry's eyes from the sun ; and hiding her neck and her bore breast with her hair nnd the soft baby form she hurried home, "It was wrong in the boys— all wrong," said Dick Oscar, when Jane had told him how she had found Lame Jerry half dead iu the woods. i "Yes, it ims wrong, "said Jane, hotly, " and cruel too, to treat a man so, just for bcin' on tho side o the law." "Yes; they ought to 'a killed him out- right," said Mr. Oscar, thoughtfully. " Dick I you don't mean it !" " Come, come, my girl, you've got n soft -knot in yo' heart fnrsucnk6, ou account o' yo' 'Sister ; but you can't expect me to stomach "No, no," said Jane, in a dull, low tone ; "but you'll bo .kind to Jerry, won't you?" "Lord I yes. Why not? But if ho gits np again, poor old devil I I guess lio'U wish wo'd 'a let hhn war we found hint," " That ain't our look-out. " They brought him to their cabin, nnd nursed him, rudely, but with enough to bring bira through tlio fever that set in from his inflamed wounds. In his raving he called continually for his daughter. " CorJy! Cordy 1 Cordy 1" repeated in tones that rang, or moaned, or prayed ; but nowomnu bent over him save brown-eyed Jane Oscar, and faithfully she tended him, while tho baby screamed from its cradle iu fright at the strange rough vice. A conscious day came,- and he called to Jane, Docs Cordy know ?" He looked so pitiful lying there, a stunted humpbacked figure,' his eyes big in his gaunt face, his liuif white-au old man hated by the mountain pcopld nmoiig whurn he lived, . shaken by nameless fears for the one thing that he loved, . " X ain't lieen able to git word ter Cordy," said Jane Oscar. . "D'yo know how she's got on, all nlonc there, the poor child ? She was always ono to bo frightened nt shadows and noises." Jane said nothing. " Why don't you speak, Jane Oscar V ' "You're mighty weak, Jerky. I don't want you to have no set-back." " An' what could you tell me, woman, 'to glvo mo a set-back?', Jane put her lips together, nnd taking up licr baby gave it her breast. " Might's well tell him, Jancy," said Dick Oscar it's got to conic." " Tell him yourself, then," Lame Jerry's eyes glared at tbo two, the stolid beings who were hiding somo' nwful secret from him, one smoking a cob pipe; 'the other suckling her child— removed, remote from his terrible suffering as henven from hell. ' \ " Wlinr'a my daughter ?" ' ' : "WieJJ, old man," said Dick Oscar, "she's gone with piscoc." - , "Aro they married?" " Not. as J 's iicord tell." "0 Clod I God I God 1" " Come, Jerry, don't take itso Iinrd. He'll treat her kind. "Treat her kind! I hope lioll kill Iter t Oh, my lost girl I my little lost Cordy I" " I'm jwwerful sorry for you, Jerry," said Jane, shifting her baby comfortably from ono arm to ibc other. " Keep yo' sorrow till it's asked for." " You know ho may marry her," said Dick, putting n fresh coal in his pipe, "if she's pleasant to him ; lie's a nice man, Diseoe is." "A damned whiskey-drinking devil." " Ho's got his faults, but they're the faults of a man" Raid Mr. Oscar, impartially ; "and ho niu't n tattliu' sneak." , Lame Jerry turned bis face to the wall, and groaned. From that tirno bo seemed to get well with a; ;sort of fury, He raroly spoke, never smiled, and Jnno could onlv uuess at the thoughts that fixed on his rugged features the expression of a demon. 1 le said little to her about having Baved his life, but on leaving, ho' flung Into tho baby's lap a purse of mouoy. ; . ;"Whnt's that?" cried Dick Oscar. He snatched tlio child tip, and the purse fell to the floor. He kicked it toward Lame Jerry. "We don't want none of the money you was bought with," said the stern husband of Jancy Bleylock. .Lnmb Jerry did not go back to his now hateful home, but lived on the mountain as simply as a wild beast, biding from men, in different to all things save the set purpose of his life. It waa known to but few that ho had survived the moonshiners' attempt to kill him. Jane and Dick Oscar were silent people, nnd iicwr travelled 6lowly in that mountain country. Lnrao Jerry lay in wait for Discoc, and saw lum continually as he lounged about his occupation— hunting, fishing, hoeing his little patch of ground, riding down the mountain to join the boys in a frolic. But he never shadowed Cordy's love an far as his cabin door. Ho would not see his child until — The day came nt last, Discoc was clean ing his gun in the woods, unarmed, inert, unsuspicious. Behind him, huge and miss hapen, the hunchback crawled and colled and sprang. There was little resistance— tho surprise was too complete— and Lame Jerry's arm was nerved by hate and madness. When Discoe was dead, tho murderer dragged his body to Cnnojr Fork, and weighting it with rocks, saw it sink beneath the biding wnves. Then ho went to his daughter. " Cordy I" At the sound of his voice, and at sight of him, the girl fell, screaming. She fully believed her father dead, and being slow of wit, now conceived that his ghost stood In her doorway. " Don't you know your father, Cordy ?" \- " You are his spirit." " No, I am flesh, my girl. Come to me." " You were killed by Welch's boys." " I was hurt, but I got well," Still, incredulity and fear were in tho girl's big wandering blue eyc3. "If you ain't a ghost," said sho, timidly, " taste my soup on tho fire." : "No, my girl, I won't taste Discoe's soup. But look hercl" He threw himself on the high soft feather bed, and rising pointed to tho imnrcss of his form. She came forward, her bands out stretched, like one who 1b blind. Ho seized them and gazed into her face. Yes, it was the same white, fragile Cordy, notaltercd by a lino or a trace of thought. The same wide simple blue eyes ; the snmo weak red baby mouth ; the light hair falliug In a smooth plait ; the skin elenr and colorless. But was his gaze distracted, that ho fancied a change in the slim girl's figure ? " Cordy I Cordy 1" lie clasped her in his arms, and she wept. But before he kissed her, he wiped her face fiercely ns though rubbing off a stain. " And so, my girl," he said, gently, after they had talked a long while, "you didn't think you was doin' any thing wrong to take up with Discoc— and no. preacher to make it honest ?" She twisted her fingers nervously,. "I didn't know what to do. They said you was dead. An Discoc said ho'd like to have mo An' he's a nice wcll-mndo man. An' I was so dull with fright an' grief that I didn't much care. But I care now, An'ho'sgoin to marry me, pappy, when— when tho baby comes." ' ."He's a black-hearted devil,"' ( "Noi pappy, noi You don't know him 's I do. 1 io'fi been powerful good to me," \- Lame Jerry sat long in Discoe's cabin, Affecting not to see Cordy's restless glances down the mountain path. i " I'll go now," he said, " 'nlcss you'd like t' have me stop with you to-night- Cordy." " Better not, nappy. Discoe mightn't like it. But I'll tell him about you when lie comes borne, an' to-morrer you come t see him." . Her father came with the morrow, to find Cordy but slightly annoyed at Discoe's non appearance. " I reckon he's off somowhere with the boys,' she said ; " I ain't no call to fret." "Days passed ; ' weeks dragged along. Lame Jerry spent all his time now in Discoe's cabin, but'Conly rarely spoke to him. All licr soul was absorbed in watching and wait ing. Her hearing grew to be so finely at tuned that' she heanl all strange sounds of nature that hide from dull cars. But never the sound for which she waited. "Cordy," said ;her father one day,, V it's lonely here." "Not for mo, pappy. 1 have to keep things ready for Discoc." . - " He won't como, girl." Cordy smiled— that dim, vacant smile, that Jerry was learning to dread. " Como with me, honey ; let us go away,?' " I must wait here, pappy." "Yon don't feel as if you could givo him up, my girl, for me as loves , you so. much, much more?" And Cordy, very simply, " How ban X give hiin up pappy ?— he's my man, you know," Agnin he said to her, " You didn't know I had money, Cordy, in the bank at Nash- villo ?" . "No, pappy." ; ; . "I've always kopt you different from others," said the old man; "I meant to leave tho mountains with you as soon as thorewos money enough for ns to' bo free. But Ilindtoburry. Yon remember the day you was fifteen ?" "Yes, nappy," she sold vacantly. " You bad been strange an %niHn' a long time, nnd that day you fell down in a fit. ; 1 knowed then I must hurry on' git you to the city, whar a doctor conld cure youV That wasn' niore'n a year ago. You're "only n child now, Cordy," ' "Yes, pappy," . " It was slow work mhkin' money, so I en- , 'gaged ns a spy to Peters ; ho palu well, or government paid through .him.--. It- was. for. you, Cordy— for you." l— ' " "fwasn't right, pappy. Discoe didn't think it was right," . - ' " Honey, liave you had any of them fits sinco youcamo hero to -live 'with Discoc?" . "One, pappy. Sometimes I think that's why he left mo,'?;.';' "Thenyou ought tohato him. Givoup. the thoughts of him, child, an'. come with rao to Nashville, It'li bo pleasant. We'll bavp a pretty little bouse,' not a rough log-enbinV 'An XH hire- a ' woman to do nil the work. You sha'n't soil your little hands, my girl ; and I'll buy you ribbons aud such gowns as city girls wear— bluo and pink. An I'll get a buggy an' take you drivin every day llkc.£ lady. . Woii't you come, my girl?" '/ . " No, pappy ; 1 have, to stay. here. ' Mj mah"wiU ;;be back soon, an' he'll, want Cordy." - : , ' : ' 1 V; 1.1 - . , And . to every attack - or ; entreaty ' Cordy returned the ram'e. unmoved answer.' Ouee he threatencd lier. But at his- tono of - force and rough authority she foil in tho dreadful convulsions tlint widened him nnd shook her reason. After that he was always gentle with her. Ono day a travelling preacher stopped at tho cabin nnd Asked to stay all night. When Cordy learned who he was, nil utiwuiitcd excitement took possession of her. She called her father apart. " Discne said he'd marry me the first time a preacher como this wny," she whispered, her light eyes shilling. "Props he has sent this ouc." " No, no, my girl : don't think it." " But 1 will think it," she said, shrilly, and springing toward tho stranger. " Mister, did my nmn eml you ? nnd will ho como after you soon?" Tho stranger stared. , " Dou't mind her," said Lame Jerry, roughly, " licr man left her, nnd she ain't been right in her wits 'since." Looking from' one to the other, Cordy burnt into n low lnuuh. " I sou ; Discoc wants to surprise me. But never mind. I'll bo ready." Ah the sun went down she dressed herself in a white dress, and braided bcr smooth thick hnir. Then with n smile she sat watching by the window. Ah 1 it was a .Right for God to pity I The young nnrested head, the eagerness of the Bhm- puned face, and defined against tiic rough walls the most pathetic shape of one soon to become a mother, with Shame aud Despair for her furious handmaidens. After this he hoped no more. A little later, in a driving storm, lie plunged down the mountain to find Jane Oscar to bring licr to his child. At tho wild midnight hour a bnbo was laid on Cordy'n piteous breast; both breathed faintly until tho rising of the sun, when their souls went out together. And Lame Jerry was left to live with his money— nnd his memories. 