.??;?? ECHOES OF MELBOURNE -;.','i '. ?' '? (Bx The Ghost.) ; The Budget . Speech has been delivered, by the Treasurer, ' ' ? /Its chief merit, sooth to say, lay in its brevity, for Mr, Service; onlytook a little over an hour, and a .half, to |unfold ? his financial ..policy .for the twelvemonth upon .which we have ? just— from an official poirit'bf view— entered. It may safely be asserted that . the-proposals of the Government satisfy neither .their friends' nor their oppqneritsJ ' Tt',was gener ally.' supposed that in deference to the' almost unanimously expressed wish of the country, Mr. Service would, have remitted 'the' obnoxious ' stock tax, and have re imposed the 'beer duties.;/ He, has not, however, touoh'ed either of these imposts, but contented,1 himself1 with .placing an, additional two' 'shillings; duty, on, spirits; 1 thus gainingan amount which is. estimated at less than .£86,600 per annum, ' and throwing away the ;8200,600) which , was easily' and cheaply ., collected, and which /experience has; proved, not to 'rob the ,poor man. of his /beer,' -le;teribrato the quality, of 'the ':British;natipnal beverage,' npr; affect any /clasi,'. .'save' perhaps the brewers, who rCan: 'well afford the . trifling' individual payirient. ; Ha has/also letilip this' golden opportunity of conciliating bur somewhat Bulky New South Wales' neieth .bours by abolishing .the stpek. tax, which even the. most ardent jprbte'etidnists, made ;wise by experierico; find to be beneficial to no ione, whiV.i interfering /in a material degree with the ' railway . receipts of the colony. 1 ne xreasuror in nis anxiety co uo nothing to provoke opposition has gone to the other extreme'.' Hehas neglected his opportunities, arid Bhbwri a timidity which; ifl; befits the head of 'a strong, Govern^, ment ?'' arid it would not be going too far to'-say that on Wednesday evening the first ? nail was driven' into the Ministerial coffin. Itis a'noteworthy fact that during tho de bate' that ' tlie Ministerial propositions/ evoked the severest- things were said by some of the staunchest supporters of the Administration/; the ' Opposition— always of' 'course . excepting the irrepressible '? Colonel' arid his present guide,, philosp; pher, and friend, Mr. Mirams— being apparently quite' satisfied to allow the Government to ,bq-- criticised by ? , their vquondam friends. ' Tliese were not slow to ;f improve thepecasion.' Even Mr. Walker o^yos his seat in some measure to the good character that Mr. Service gave him when before his constituents, lecturing . his, patron in good set terms' for' his faults of ? omission.-: The feeling of .the country will ; . certainly, ha one,of deep, .regret w^en/the. ^Treasurer's., oration has: been , generally,, read. To him much has been given, and of him much,., has consequently .; been ?expected.. Mr.', Service's, budget isvmuch' like the orator 'of ^Vesuvius, when ' viewed by Lord Dundrfiary— 1' there's, nothing-. in, it/'j.--; ':;, n'' ??;?;,'; v'. ? '- ?.?...'.:?.:,'„ ?.-, Speculation is of course rife, in regard to thel /cbrisiderationB .that,. .actuated/, the ; Government /in ^ 'riot re-imposing the beer taxj arid/ the iriotivq irioat generally as cribed for the coursq/takon is the fear of offending what is known as ? 'the publican, interest.'.- If ithis be. really' true the/ Ministry/ have sadly blundered and. have shown themselves incapable of reading the signsof the times. .,-.., ..;.?'? :':;'??. .'..?'? '-.. .. Just , now the/ teetotalers are in. .'the. ascendant, and local optionists are iri a large majority, besides being terribly in earnest. .Tlie water-drinkers .have grown, to be a power/injthe State, and- it is pretty safe to prophesy, that' wheri the timo of the next election corries round most of the successful candidates will ; be disciples of ,Kechab, and sport the blue ribbon in their ' button- holes;. '/ .,.'',; '?? ,. ' ; - . Duriiig the. week the colony '.has been en fete', the' cause being the' arrival of the ; new Governor, Sir 'Henry Brougham Lochi Surely such a reception was never before given to a; colonial Viceroy. ' A'-fleet of warships to meet him, a gathering of all 'the i notiibilities/pf the. land to welcbmei him at lunch .and pour put libations of champagne before he touched terra 'fir ma, and a crowd lining the streets through, which he passed on his way to the Treasury to , be ; sworn ; in, that . cheered as only Englishmen can' cheer. It is; not to be wondered at that his . Excellency looked pleased. He comes to us under the most favourable auspices. Party feeling is for; the ! nonce, dead. The . Conservative lion' aridithe Badical lamb are quietly repq«ing side! by side (on tho Treasury bench), and there are no 'burning questions' to'. set people by the ear3, qr.everi the probability' of ' any r coming to the front. The only little cloud on the horizon , is the iitense feeling ;of disappointment experienced'.at Lqrd ©erby's vacillation; ori the question of annexing or protecting Now Guinea and' the Polynesian islands, which! may portend a coming storm;1 There is a point beyond which' forbearance becomes cowardice, and who knows but1 what this lesson, which Mr.' Gladstone/ 'appears' incapable of learning, may not be taught England'sPreriiier by a .united' Australia? ' .?'.' ;'?''/' ;/. ?. ?'?, . .., '. ,' It is;rumoured; that the military are, at/ ttie hands of the Melbourne Corporation, to re'eeive'a Roland for ;an Oliver. A.t/th'e. levee recently held by the iA.cting'-Gpyer- ' nor,' the holders of colonial commissions were, in the order of 'precederice, placed; before ' the' civic dignitaries' of /the'City' Council. 'Itis said'tha't at the 'approach ing Mayoral ball, Victorian uniforms will he conspicuous by their absence. .; Airiilitia pfHcer be given the ; place of honour in preference, to an alderrrian'l Perish the thought! Nothing but the exclusion of the offenders from the festive hall can salve the wounded; dignity of the/ City Registrar, the hair of whoso barrister jal wig has stood on end witlihorrbr, and whose staff gown has bristled, likotho quills /upon the ; fretful porcupine, ever ' since ./iii: reply- to liis remonstrance' on- the subjpot he/ivas informed by ;.tho'. 'Aoting'-Governqr's.Se'QreJ-' ' — ' ?;.-.; ...; vviif k-;:V' »-? ?'?'-' --?? -?'? ' i'i tary. that tho army ranked above tho civic representatives of 'tho. queen city of, ther south/''..;/;: ;, ' .;.-. :..-,.., vr. : ..'-,',,' 'Apropos of offended dignity, one. ;is re-, minded of an episode which culminated in ;tlie! infliction of 'a fine of twenty shillings arid costs; ori; an ofBdialin the, Victorian Railways, by .the magistrate at , the City Police Court. 1 Mr. Lavater, tho accountant of the ? department;, evidently, desires ; that .all j who/ approach him, Bhpuld da, so. with ',', bated, breath /'and, whispered .humble-; ness.' . A gentleman having business, with him neglected to remove his hat, and fprth 'with.tho offondirig.couvrf^-cAe/.was knocked off.jandtho unmannered one ,, taken by the shoulders and turned out .of, the ofBce, Evidently Mr. Lavater is not such a good judge of character as his celebrated name sake, otherwise in a democratic community such as purs, he would long sincoj have learned that politeness is; not inculcated in the State Bohppls of the colony; that the twopdrice, extra ., for manners is r not ia charge on Victorian parents, who generally, try toiimpress upqri their . offspring that Jack is riot only as good as hia master, ,but is in fact a little bettor, andthat- there. is, reallynq divinity, hedging oven bo im portant an official as a railway, accountant. Perhaps he will now realise those facts. .' ' ' The Rentqul-M'Culloch quarrel is a very pretty / one as it stands. ; People are enquiring whether it is, however;, to bo allowed to rest at its present stage. There is a strange perversion of the truth somer where.. Sir, James M'Culloch positively assorts that in order to, gratify, a feeling of petty . spite, /the . reverend 1 gentleman' caused the alteration of an inscription on the tombstone , of his dead \ godson. : . The ; Rev. Mr. Rentpul, in a '.long - le.tter; takps care ; not to deny the accusation, , but endeavours to. shift ,tho blame.qi to the, 'shoxdders of an innocent; stonemason.; ; It is perhaps hardly politic ! to state towards which, side ', the . public at ..present incline; .but thero is a, general feeling that the occupant of the '.chair; of the professor ? of theology should be a gentleman sans reprocjiey of unimpeach /able veracity, endowed with some small amount of Christian/charity, incapable pf | any, display of ..petty spiteful malicb ; and flio ? nnftsHnti is- bfiinrf. . Cfin'arallv asked* whether, the late, incumbent of the, PreBby7 terian Church at ; East , St. , Kilda possesses all these qualificatioriB.; ?-'? ' ? The curtain has falleri ori the last act of the; Werribeq railway, tragedy. . Biddle, thei statiori- maste'r^ whose daughter sent the fatal .telegraphic, message that caused 'the t^o trains,,, to .'collide, killing, ,/both engine drivers and'ibne^of tho stokers, has, been arraigned a,tr Geblpng on atcharge/of manslaughter and. acquitted. The verdict of the jury ', virtually saddles, the officials :bf the traffib department of ' the Victorian State lines with the' responsibility of the accident, and. places a black mark against the three Commissioners. . By, . the way, would it riot be. 'as well if these gbn tlemori are really desirous of asce'rtainirig : all about tho lines under ; their charge, if they were to take a journey iri one of the draughty, rickety,- cushiqnless, , and dirty carriages .iri, which they cbnderiin her Majesty's lieges ,-tb '.travel, instead of making their irispection a triumphal pro gress In comfortable 'specials, and a carriage fitted up with' every, convenience; to render railway -locomotion, pleasant ?' Or if these second-class experiences should be of too severe a character, could they not, juStfor once, 'use .one of the imported vehicles, imported for second-class travellers and .transformed into. 'fir3t- Ciass Dy; cno ea-oj piuuuaa, ui ujlluxxu^ who** description' on' the panels? Were they to dp. this we inightj perhaps, look for a little iriiprbvement. , All the theatres have boen, fairly at tended during the week, the lion's share of, the patronage, however, falling to , the Bijou, where- Miss Emolie Melville, in opera-bouffe, is the success of the dayJ: The 'Royal Middy' has rriri during the week,an'd to-night give3 place to the 'ever green 'Pinafore.'' Tho 'School for Scandal' has. during the week drawn gobdhouses, and to night is replaced by. the 'Unequal Match.' At the Royal, Gordon's magnificent scenery has saved the'Turn of theTide'frbin prov ing a failure. .. Signor Majeroni' and Mr; Wilson of Sydney havobecqmoleBsees of the Bijpu, and in March next are total posses sors of this, pretty house here, and the Opera1 House in Sydney. , . ' / ' //: July 10. ;',?.' - ./ . '. '.? : ..;,/, / ,' .'.' '- An Exteaobbinaby Pbepobmano'e in a Church. — A telegram, from New York on 18th May, said : — ' In Plymouth Congrega tionalist Church to-day was Remenyi, the iviolinist, who will visit the :Aiistralian colonies- shortly. Hehadhis- vibliri 'with him, arid Mr: Beeoher annouricedi' before the ;sermonj that Remenyi wduld play some sacred airs after the service; as a farewell to this country. ?' The 'Wandering Jew,' ?' said Beechor, ' was David, whoso stringed instrument was good- eribughfor him, and itis good enough ; for us; -whi praise God with- voice ' arid' : organ-pipe/ ?Those- who desired; toi go- after .servico;jwere; affec tionately ;invited to' go j and those who 'wished- to stay and hoar the' wandering minstrel of HungaryVwero; ^ffeotionately requested to stay. After the -benediotibri, almost the entire congregation' roriiained.' Boecher tried to induce Remeriyi'to sit arid ? play ori the pulpit- platform; but' the violinist; ' with ?' characteristic '?'? mbdesty,: seated himself on the' steps; -He played' a concerted piece first1 and followed, it with ?an- air ori one'stririg; cloEing with the Hungarian national hymn. ' Boecher re-/ buked the applause1 which followed the first '? piece; saying he would not think'it a tribute if, one of his prayers were applauded,-- and ?inanypieceB of sacred '-' inusic were' prayers : without' worda. After--- Remenyi ^-'had ? finiahed/Beeoher' wiBh'ed forhfe as 'hearty' 'aiWolcbme;hbme',aB he''ha/df'1Wc'oivedi|iii; j Ariierica,1 wherehe 'has 'delighted so !many! ; thpu»iuids; witi. his musio.'- ?» -|L -1- ?- 