THE INDUSTRIAL EXHIBITION. Misfortune may truly be said to dog the heels of the Chamber of Manufactures. The industrial exhibition, conceived in a spirit of enterprise, and carried out with an energy that reflects the highest credit on the pro moters, is a success in all respects save the essential one—attendance. That the public would willingly show their approval of the chamber's nraiseworthy undertaking, were only the weather tolerably fine, we have no doubt; but there must bo very strong attrac tion indeed to overcome the natural objec tion which most people feel to wet clothes, uiuddy and saturated boots, and the all-over feeling of miserableness produced by con tinuous, cold, and drizzling rain. Tnas far the weather has put its veto on the exhi bition. It was hoped that the ram which set in on Thursday would hold off for a day or two to give the show a chance, and perhaps a clear sky and pleasant sunshine are still in store, but meanwhile the outlook is anything but encouraging. The efforts o£ the chamber are such as to deserve better recognition than that they have received, in spite of the inconvenience to which, owing to the wet, visitors must necessarily be sub jected. The show is in a)' respects a good one, alike interesting and instructive, and a little sacrifice of personal comfort might well be made to secure the enjoyment which must result from the inspection of so excellent a representation of South Australian industries* On Friday, however, the attendance was exceedingly limited. His Excellency; the Governor was one of the few who visited it. and if the vice-regal example were more generally followed the Chamber of Manufactures would have little reason to complain. The exhibition can now be seen at its best. Everything in connection witn it is in thorough working order, the judging has been finished, and in all departments the exhibition presents a finished and satis factory appearance. V? hile the rainy weather continues, the machinery on the ground will of course havo to suffer some neglect, and this is to be regretted, because a large number of very interesting exhibits have been placed outside the building. At the same time, quite enough is shown under cover to occupy the visitors' attention for some hours, and the trade processes in working will be fouad specially worthy of examination. Local talent is woll illustrated m Ae sec tion devoted to mechanical and architectural drawings and civil engineering. The compe tition is not very keen, so far S3 regards the number of entries, but what is shown is of good quality. In the class for working, drawing of details, or otlior esauiple of civil engineering, Mr. E. A. Stow is t;io only com petitor. He exhibits a drawing of the per manent way of the patent Saddleback tram way, whiehis a very creditable prod action, ana for which the designer has been awaraed the prize. The honors in the class, drawing of steam-c-ngine or machine, have been ob tained by Mr. Ernest S- Light, the only other exhibitor beipg a gentle man whose nom de plume is ''Industry.' There are eight entries of architectural j drawings, and the prize has fallen to Mr. A. M. Bonython for an excellent drawing ot the Stow Memorial Church. Among the other designs sent in which represent build ings of various descriptions are several very meritorious ones, a special word of praise being given by the judges with reference to the exhibits of Messrs. F. W, C, Goyer, and F„ H. Counscll, The award for the best sot of plans for a suburban residence has been secured by Mr. E. A. Scott. In this class five entered, and MessrSi S. Rooerfcsou ana D. B. Adamscn, jun,, are honorably men tioned. A gentleman whose contribution bears the signature, " By , out of alack Times," has a good design in the domestic Gothic style. Comfortable internal arrange ments ate studied in his plan, and the elevations are designed to give a thoroughly home-like and picturesque ap pearance, effect being gained by good proportion and well-balanced outline. Messrs. D. B; Adamson, jun., A. M. Bonython, and i J. W. Lcckwood, have designs of cottages, all i of considerable merit, Those of Messrs, i Bonython and Lock wood were considered to 1 be equal, and consequently the two com petitors named divide the prize between thero. Models of a church and cottage, and eDgines made up another class, in which there are five entries. The successful competitor is Mr. D. D. Linton, who shows two models of eDgines, The clas3 for topographical maps i is represented by only one exhibit, that of I Mr. Tullie, Wollaaton, to whom half the prize offered has been awarded in recogni tion of the excellence of his work. _ In the department for mechanical and architectural drawings, by youths under the age of 18, L. W. Grayson, A. Lockwood, ►?, Robinson, and 0. H. Smith are prize-takers. The electric light was successfully shown in the building on Friday afternoon and even ing. The apparatus, which belongs to Messrs. Francis Clavk & Sons, consists of the electric machine, a Siemen's dynamo, and a differential arc lamp, The machine was worked by a handy little steam-engine of peculiar construction, which excited a good deal of interest amongst visitors of mechanical tastes. It is a Willan's three-cylinder six b.p. engine, and is fitted with three single actiDg pistons (taking steam into the top only) worked by a star valve only. The engine can be stopped instantly, and is reversible at pleasure. The electric light is under the superintendence of Mr. Francis and Mr. Ferrero, the latter of whom has charge of all the running gear in connection with the machinery in motion. Messrs. Gault, Palmer, and Tyler attended on Friday for the purpose of judging the tri cycles, but preferred to suspend their judg ment until a practical trial of the machines had been made outside. This will probably take place on Wednesday next. _Hn the same day a trial will bo made of cyanite a3 to its merits as a fire-resisting paint. The number of visitors on Thursday wa3 about 400 and on Friday 000. This afternoon the Model Band will ploy selections of music in the building, and in the evening the electric light will be shown outside. Below wo give details of the prizes awarded for exhibits judged yester day:— ADDITIONAL AWARDS. Mapping,—G. A. Bennett, msp of the world, 103.; map of I- ortb America, h m. Ornamental writings— G. A. Bennett, the lord's Prayer, c m ; piece of U, ti. XJDUucvi-i vUv fcvm" a. v»j — — illumination, h m— "The first is a beautiful piece of work and well worthy, the second is well exe UEennmeratecI Colonial.—Miss C. Starling, model ihirt, 5s —" Is the work of a little girl." Patchwork quilts, Miss C. Starling, XOs.—'' A creditable ar rangement of common materials 5" Mrs. C. E. Maredd. 6s.—" Although oi a more decided design this is inferior work to the other. Two quilts sent in by Miss Forsyth not tor competition show great skill in design and work, the one in silk being par ticularly rich " Kiohard Butler, cbiaa and glass repair.Eg and three umnrella3—"Good auduseful exhibit deserving of c m " Bickford & Son's cocoa ' and cough elixir—"The cocoa is a new industry which the judges are pleased to note, the cough elixir is already well and favorably known." A. Eascro, four water-color paintings—"Vigorous sketches illustrating colonial bush lifeW. J. Threadgcld, water-color. "The Gospel Ship.' and "Imagination," allegorical picture of re ligious life. James Martin & Co., seedsower, cm. — "Good serviceable article, well suited for farm work;" chaffentter, cm—"A large cutter with three knives, a superior machine, which cuts two lengths of chair, the gearing covered and dust-proof;" cornciuaher, c.m. — ".strong powerful, and useful appliance." Mrs. and Miss Coates, coral stand and cork-work mirror, cm — " Awarded for tasteful exhibits. H. H. Baglas3, carved peaclistone necklace, 10s.—"Indicates con sideiable still and industry." J. Golton & Co., two hat boxes—" Useful arrangement and excellent workmanship." S. Baivey& W. King, bentwood for cairifue purpones, c va —"This exhibit represents a very important industry in fhe colony, and speci mens shown are without exception all very high class, ami well deserving cm. The timber varies from ■* inch to 3j inches in thickness, and embraces kauri pine, Tasmapian blackwood, and American hickory." Adelaide Crystal loe Company, starch and gluten. Ho award.—" JliLs starch i3 also a new product in the colony, whrch judges are pleased to note; seems ft good market able article, which we trust will remove the neces sity of 8ny impoi tation." T. Sharland, decorative sign—"Very effective sign for advertising." Union Engineering Company, broadcast seedsower, c.m.— " A seedsower with an iron, frame, distributing the reed through bent tubes instead of a disc; seems a good serviceable article." Miss A. E. Saunders, two models in coal, comprising one laced and_ one buttoned boot; one model in cork (representing a cene at Brighton!, 10s. Miss B, Cheato., worked cushion, h.m. A. Murray & Sons, wedding cak J, h.m., —" A cake of elaborate design." J. G. Nash, orna mental turning in iron and steel, c.m—" Good specimen oi iron turning, and very creditable to the ability of the exhibitor." W. Thornton flower vase, made from 2.339 pieces of bottle corks, no award— Very elaborate work, but judges think that time and talent spent thereon is misapplied." J. Hooker and Sou, two wrought flooring,plates, one tank and tireing-plate, c m.—"Excellent work; the latter an ingenious contrivance." W. K. Chalmers, specimen of hand-witten visiting-cards, c.m.—" Very neat and tasteful cards, beautifully written." C. H. Brad dock, polygraph, no award.—" Useful as a mul tiple writer." E. & W. Hackett, expanding garden cultivator, no award. — "Good for clearing weeds."—Collection of seeds, no award.— " Fair collection." Collection of manures, no award. " Very serviceable to gardeners and farmers." Miss J. Xtollison, poonali painting; h.m.—"Very neatly executed." Mellor Bros., ornamental wrought and cast iron fence, c.m.—" Good and substantial, but expensive." , , , , Imported Products and Manufactures.—Apparatus for lighting, heating Sc., electric light, FraucisClark and Son, cm.—"This light is very powerful and effective, throwing a strong shadow even in day light, The light would be ail that could be desired except for occasional flickers, which probably might bs obviated." Unecnmerated Imported. — W. F Gray & Co , Verity Bios', ventilator, c.m.—"This is an appliance for ventilating rooms, &c.; it is driven by a turbine, and appears to be very effective.' Verity Bros'., patent gas fires,c m—" This is a stove with fireclay burner, with asbestos fuel packed on top of it- and answers its purpose very well." t. Pitman, painting on wood (draught board) and painting on glass (group cf flowers)-"If executed by a vouth a 20s. prize is awarded." McLean Bro3., Bigg," & Co , case of sheqisheara, containing large assortment by Burgon & Bull; no award—" AU steel bows, made in one piece. ' Case of W. C. Scott s ! guns, including a fine repeating rifle, capable of holding about twenty four charges; no award. Case cf fancy work, containing specimens of diffi cult end intricate work done by the Davis sewing machine. Mcdd of Balliday's iwiudmill, showing how the full-sized mill fixed in position works. Mrs. Coates, tet of quaint and delicate china; no award, Bailey & Kerr, Indian embroider; -"Characteristic assortment; the designs being very oeautitul, and an enormous amonnt of wort must have bean ex pended on the specimensno award. Mi*.s joates, case of silk twist, no award. W. Camming, an exhibit of the Scotch Asbestos Company, including millboard. ropepacUing, yarn, fibre, and paint"—All useful as fire-resisting materials." S A. Paper Bag end Printing Company, colored presentation almanacs—'1 Varied collection." H. interesting collection of clay models from Lucknow, iUcatrativa of the occupations and customs of the people. Articles Not for Competition.—Electrical ap pliances, exhibited by C. Todd. C.M.G.—"Very fine collection of instruments; including self-re cording barometer and aneroid, which indicates on a revolvirg drum the height of a barometer and keeps a constant record and works by pressure of the air on exhausted boxes, a universal surtch for Crcoh's radiometer or light-mill revolving by action of light on the surface, various galvonometers for testing electric currents, pocket spectroscope, large compound spectroscope, testing keys for various electrical purposes, Morse recording instru ment, relays various, various seta of resistance coils very complete with bridge for measuring electrical resistance, Astatic testing galvoaometer. electric incandescent lamps various, Jablochkoff candles for electric light, Thompson's reflecting galvano meter, electrical condenser (a standard of electri cal capacity), Selerium electrical resistance, apparatus, double current key for telegraph pur poses, Cassiot's cascade for showing electrical phenomena in vacuum, thermo-electric pile for measuring extremely minute differences in tem perature nsed in connection with the galvanometer. " This collection is.a very valuable one, and cannot fail to prove of great interest to scientific men." Exhibits from the National Museum.—''The fine models of South Australian fish, lent by Br. H&icke;, are the work of Mr. Buupe: they are wonderfully correct andlifelike, andthe iudges wereunaware until these were shown that tucli work could be done in the colony. The lizards are mounted by the director (Br. Haacke) of the museum after a method of his own, which we oelieve Is peculiar to the institution over which he presides ; the colored background'give3 the reptiles a wonderfully lifelike appearance The vivarium mounted on fly traps is an invention of Br. KaacUe's, and certainly affords an admirable opportunity of observing tho habits of creatures which may be placed under In spection." Military Exhibits.—"Tee exhibits from the armoury, fciudiy lent by Colonel Bownes, in clude models of shot and shell, and fuses, and also models of big go.n charges of gunpowder—a 2 lb. howitzer, and t wo mortars of the ordinary type. These will bn an attraction to those who take an interest in militaiy matters" Sack-litter.—"This is a patent weighing machine and sack-lifter, which lifts » bag sufficiently high for loading on to a dray —a useful appliance. Our Queenscliffe (Kangaroo Island) corres pondent writes:—"During the height of the gale from the southward which prevailed on Wednesday the cutter Treasure Trove, lying at Queenscliffe, dragged her anchors and drove upon the reeks. The steamer Dolphin, which was at hand, immediately gave her a tow line, and after the lapse of a short time she came off, but began to fill directly the steamer made an attempt to tow her to the westward upon the mud flats. Mr, Henderson, the chief mate of the Dolphin, and part of her crew went on board the cutter to try and keep hc-r afloat. The steamer Dolphin at this time had kept rather close in shore and got aground herself, with the cutter in tow. The men at once let go t towiins on board the cutter and set the jib to try and run her on shore, but the water was gaining upon them fast, and without any notice she foundered, leaving Mr, Hen derson and six other men in the watc-r, They were rescued by a boat, having sustained no hurt beyond a severe ducking, but it might have proved a serious catastrophe, as there was a high sea running at the time and it was blowing a hard gale. The cutter sank in deep water, and the mast just shows above the sur face. She lies with a strong list to starboard. The Dolphin remained fast about two hours and a half, but was then got off. The Treasure Trove is)the property of the South Australian Fishing Company, The following Is extrateel from the general orders issued at the Staff Office on Friday, May 23:—Captain for the ensuing week, Cap tain A. Martin; subaltern, Lieutenant Lcgoe. On June 7 ther8 will be a brigade drill for infantry, including Reserve, B Bat tery, and cavalry, marching order. June 14, bat talion drill; and June 21, artillery brigade competition. There will be no parade for in fantry or cavalry. The competition for the Government grant will take place on May 26, The Parliamentary challenge bugle, won"last year by D Company, will also be competed for Gn that day. A and B batteries may enter for the latter competition, Lance corporal Shakeshaft is promoted to corporal, and Private Banger to lance-corporal in I Company. The commandant will examine any officers who wish to qualify in army sig nalling between 12 o'clock and 1 o'clock at the Staff Office on any day except Saturday. Officers are reminded that in action bugle calls are subject to several objections. If every com pany commander in the fighting line sends his orders by bugle, great confusion amongst the adjacent companies must result, and the calls may often be heard and understood by the enemy. In extended order signals for the the following should invariably be used when the voice cannot be heardAdvance—Wave the hand or sword forward; retire—wave the hand back, and turn about as if to retire; halt—lower the hand or sword vertically from head to waist; reinforce—hold or wave head dress above the head; half right or half left —hand or sword held out horizontally in the required direction. The whistle sound should be used by the captain to draw the at tention of the section commanders and men previous to giving them an order by signal, it must not be forgotten that the " alert" implies unexpected danger, and when it sounds men, it in movement, will at once bait, but if firing will not ctase unless ordered. A farewell thanksgiving meeting in connec tion with Mr. W ood's mission was held at the Town Hall on Friday eveniDg. The atten dance was small, and very little interest appeared to be taken in the proceedings. After an opening hymn and prayer Mr. Wood read the 78th Psalm, A collection was then made. The testimonies followed, but after the first few had been borne, a young man, who was assisting to conduct the meeting, stated that the collection only amounted to a sum which was £2 less than the hire of the hall, and as the mission had been conducted at a loss to Mrs. Morgan for some time past, he would stand at the door to receive any further contributionstheaudienoefelt disposed to offer towardsmeetiDg the deficiency. Oneof the first experiences related was by a young man who stated that he had suffered from asthma during the previous three years, but Mr. Wood laid his hands upon him, and had cured him instantly. This young man's case was recently made the subject of an enquiry by one of the city lodges of the 1.0. Foresters. It appears that he was initiated as a member of the lodge about 18 months ago on the surgeon's certificate of sound health and his own statement that he was entirely free from disease. In the face of such testimony as this as to his health it is hard to believe that he had been cured of asthma by Mr. Wood after suffering from it for three years, and it is not surprising that several persons in the room who knew tho facts of the case smiled incredulously while he was speaking. A lady on the platform stated that Mr. Wood had laid his hands on her and cured her of a tumor in the face. The tumor had net disappeared, but she said it had decreased in size very considerably, and was tepidly disappearing. This lady made the same statement about three weeks ago, but as far as could be judged there was no diminution in the size of the tumor wfcich is Bituatcd at the bottom of her right jaw. Most of the testimonials were a repeti tion by persons who have testified before! A new arrival from Victoria made a long and rambling statement., in the course of which he said he had known Mr. Wood in Victoria some months previously, and at that time Mr. Wood had not possessed any power to heal, In the midst of his story the speaker was inter rupted by ono of the audience, who requested Mr. Wood to keep faith with the public by delivering the address he was announced to give on "The Lord's Coming." Cries of " Sit down" and hooting and yelling followed, but the Victorian gentleman refused to sit down until he found that his hearers could make a greater noise than he could, aud then he sub aided into silence. Mr. Wood next rose, and said as ifcvas nearly 10 o'clock he would have to crave ui6 indulgence of his audience, as he thought it was too late to commence speak ing. He closed his mission in South Aus tralia that evening, but he could not do so without thanking the numerous ladies aud gentlemen who had assisted him in his good work. He had healed the souls and bodies' of 3,000 persons during his stay in South Aus tralia. He had met with opposition from quarters ^where he had least 'expected it, but although the persons who had opposed him had not yet repented they would so when they were cast into the bottomless pit from which there was no escaping. The time was coming when the Holy Ghost would be with drawn from the world, and then his opponents would have to meet an angry God, who would award them their just punishment. Mr. A. O. Chambers commenced to read a long letter which he had recently published, bub in the midst of it Mr. Wood and his aides :de-camp left the platform, and the meeting abruptly terminated. Ho praise notes were read, aud although Mr. Wood announced that he would lay hands on any ono who wished to be healed no one appeared to be in a hurry to avail themselves of the offer, and the audience quickly dispersed. An entertainment in aid of the Stirling West Institute will be held in the institute-hall this evening. An adjoinned special meeting of the S.A. Com mercial travellers' Association is to be held at the Koard-icom, S.A. Ciub Hotel, North-terrace, this evening. The Bev. Halph Brown, who bat bseu for a trip up r.oth, uill return to Adelaide next week, and resume bis delineation of character. He sails for Victoria by next Saturday's steamer. A lecture in reply to the Eev. Canon Andrews's first discourse on ifreethougkt will be delivered to morrow evening by Mr. H. Oliver in the Sreethought Ball. King William-street, entitled—"'Iks truth shall make you free," 