TOPICS OF THE DAY. THERE is a possibility, in spite of all that may be said to the contrary, of having too much of a good thing. For instance, the time- honoured "Lord llayor's Show," in London, on the 9th November, was, on the last occasion, produced on a most magnifi cent scale, far exceeding in grandeur, variety, and expense, anything of the kind ever witnessed in the streets of London; yet it had its drawbacks. It included living tableau*, representing many events in English history, and also a herd of camels, elephants, and "such small deer," as well as a model Nile boat, fully equipped for service. All this would have been very well, with, perllhaps, the exception of one tableau, haa the prosperity of which this Lord Mayor's show was a token, been real and wide-spread. Instead of this, however, it only evidenced the prosperity of a fev. Many of the thousands who witnessed this gaudy pageant in the daytime, had not where to lay their heads at night, nor the wherewithal to put in their mouths, while others lay slowly dying of starvation in obscure dens in the rear of those palatial residences in front of which the procession passed. As a matter of fact, 'the Kings of London for the year are not so liberal as the Roman Emperors were initheir day. These blood thirsty tyrants gave their people circuses and shows, but with them they alsa gave them bread. The Lord Mayors of the pre sent day give their perishing fellow-citizens magnificent shows and great zoological dis plays; but when they ask for bread they actually give them a stone. While this procession was in full swing, scores of little children were by the law of the land com pelled to be in the Public School, while their little bellies were crying out for food. A visitor writes to the London Press to say that "scores of children were so half starved and ragged in these schools that his heart ached to be amongst them. In the schoolroom was a child who had not broken his fast that day, and others had not a scrap of dinner to go to." Yet at the same time thousands of pounds were being spent upon a gingerbread show, the great bulk of the money going to one man who had the management of the whole! This is the Christian civilisation of the 19th cen tury, of which John Bull is so proud! Bah! And talking about John Bull's boasted civilisation, what about John Cornstalk's ? What is the meaning of that disgraceful row at Bondi on Boxing Day ? WVhat is the Public School Act doing here towards civilising the rising generation even if the poast has escaped its benigninfluence ? One is puzzled, when reading the account of the shameful affair, whether to be more ashamed of the colony that could produce fifty such brutal, senseless, and desperate ruffians, or of the two or three hundred cowards in trousers who stood by and de clined to help the police! At this rate of progress, it will be necessary soon to order out a military force or special mounted police corps heavily armed on Boxing Day to do duty in the suburbs, and in such sylvian resorts as Botany and Bondi Gardens ! Last year :263,558 was granted for Police protection, and for next year £274,940 has been. passed; yet we are continually hearing of gangs of low-bred, muscular pests of society, bare facedly outraging the law, assaulting the police, and setting both magistrates and all law and order at defiance. Our opinion is. and always has been, that the principal cause of this blot upon our social status, is the mistaken leniency of the magistrates themselves! When a new J.P. takes his seat, an talks about " stamping out lar rilrnisnm " by punishiug the offenders with the utmost severity. As soon as he has been on the bench a month or two, he falls into the same easy-going, slip-shod rou tine of " fine, or two days' imprisonment," the former of which is paid by the offenders' pals, and the latteris easily done by the larrikin, "on his head." So much for the administration of the law. As for the police force, the only wonder is, after the sympathy so openly shown by the bench towards larrikinism, that every constable, worthy of the name, does not at once make up his baton and stripe into a parcel, hand it up to " the beak" and tell him to go and catch the larrikins himself. In spite of the repeated exposures Which that phase of social humbug, known as spiritualism, has received, there are still to be found the most egregious dupes who be lieve in manifestations, seances, etc., etc. The other day, we heard from good authority,that a gentleman,wise and learned in the law, and gifted apparently with a fair share of common sense, had received a visit from a noless distinguished apparition than that of the late Charles Badham, who inti mated to his friendestill in the flesh that "he was happy," and his "learned friend" believes to this hour that he is! We hope so, too. In fact, we see no reason why we should not all sing" Come, and let us be happy together," If the ghosts of all our old friends came back and joined us in one grand manifestation, and said they were happy too. Aaross the border, just now, thespiritualists (who latelyhad a rare show ing up) are again jubilant, on account of a special manifestation lately vouchsafed to one of their most promisent disciples. A week or two since a pleasure yacht called the Iolanthe (on board of which were two of this gentleman's sons) had been missing for some days, and the fate of the ynchtmen was uncertain. Here wasa fine opportunity for testing the value of spiritualism. The father accordingly communed ivith the spirit world in the usual mediumistic manner, and politely inquired the fate of his sons and their companion. At first the answer was reassuring, stating that the young men had landed on a rock, and were then safe. News then came, both through a clairvoyant and also directly from the young men themselves, that the yacht had gone down in deep water and all were drowned, but that "they were happy." Now, were it not for the seriousness that must at all times attach to such a bereave ment as this, even if the lads " are happy," there would be plenty to provbke unbounded ridicule! If the spirits of -the drowning men could get as far as Melbourne and tell the parents that their bodies were alive on a rock,-and in danger, why could not the said spirits have been more ex plicit ? Why not have described the spot, so that the parents could have chartered a steamer and gone to the rescue ? We send out missionaries to convert the heathen, and show them the folly of unshipping a fetish, etc., yet we have intelligent men grovelling in the dust before such drivelling mummery as this. If anybody thinks, that our futu~re King doesn't "know his way about" in other places, as well as he does about theatrical greenrooms, and behind the scenes, why that's where they makea mistake. Albert Edward, as well as being a bon vuivant, and a lively patron of the balllt, is also a bit of diplomatist, like his father'before him, Albert the Good. That saieted German and old Baron Stoclkman usedto dabble a little in English politics; and Albert would have dabbled a good deal more than he did, but England wouldn't let him. He knew how so feather his own nest, though; and his son seems inclined to tnlake after him in that direction, however little he may imitate him in others, Albert. Edward begins to find that a growing family is ex pensive, in spite of John Bull's good nature, and he thihks if he can get this mythical 15,0l00 a year for his eldest son gjust coming of age), it will go a long way to stop a gap somewhere. He has accordingly come down from his pedestal, and has con sented to become President of the Commis sion appointed to inquire into the condition of the famishing English poor. This is to give the working classes an idea of his deep sympathy with "starvilg outcast London." In addition to this he has invited the chiefs of the Radical party, who are also on the Commission, to luncheon at Sandringham; but several of thema, to their honour, de clined the invitation. It is part of his little game to soothe the Radicals ; he will rot have so much trouble with the so.called Libe rals. One who accepted the invitation was Sir Charles Dilke, who, a short time since, boasted of his Red Republican principles; but to the credit of labour, be it stated, that Mr. Broadhurst, the renal representa tive of the working mnan in the House of Commons, flatly refused to go. When H.R.H. surrenders .d20,C00, or even £30,000 a year for the good of the poor, out of the £120,000 per annum he receives from John Bull, we shall believe in his sympathy, but not before ! 