ECHOES OF MELBOURNE. [By TIE GHosT.] The Parliamentary week has been a broken one. On Tuesday both Houses adjourned at seven o'cloak,in order that our legislators might grace the Mayor's annual ball at the Town Hall with their dis tinguished presence, and on Wednesday the sitting was limited toa couple of hours, his Excellency the Governor having in vited the first batch of honourable mem bers-those whose patronymics commence with the letters A to M-to partake of his hospitality at dinner. The paucity of the attendanco in the Assembly on Tuesday was, however, oddly enough, conducive to the despatch of business. It enabled the second read ing of the Land Bill to be carried, and the measure to be taken into committee, the Governme.nt. thus ..fy1. .ntitin. th. first big fence in their political course. In the good old days, the poet records that " wretches hung that jurymen might dine." In these modern times, matters are not quite so bad; but it can hardly be denied, with the experience of Tuesday evening to guide us, that the remaining portion of the unalienated landed estate of Victoria was hurriedly'dealt with, in orddr that honourable members-or at least such of thenm as possess the requisite sombre habiliments de rigueur on all festive occasions-miglt encase themselves in evening costume, and place their nether extremities beneath the mahogany of Government House. On Wednesday, the time set apart for private business was devoted to the third appearance, during the 'session, of the Scots Church Separation Bill. From present appearances, it may safely be. predicted that the promoters will not succeed in passing the measure through Parliament before the adjournment, even should the majority in the Assembly be favourable to such a course. Tihe bill will, on passing its second reading, be referred to a select committee, from whose hands it will assuredly not emerge in time to be dealt with before Christmas. And after all the delay may prove advantageous. Muchsof the bitter feelingnowexistingwill die out, and it is not impossible that some compromise may no arrived at oy which such alterations will be effected in the bill as will ensure its acceptance by both partiesto the quarrel and its conse quent smooth passage through both branches of the Legislature. Already rumours of concessions oi both sides are rife, and when once common sense and business views replace bigotry and intole rance it will not be long before some satis factory arrangement is arrived at. Both parties to the dispute hail from north of the Tweed, and as the matter at issue is essentially and solely one of "bawbees," the shrewd instincts peculiar to the natives of "the landof mountain and of flood" will doubtless prompt them not to throw too many of them away in Parliamentary fees or fruitless litigation. The twenty-seventh measure introduced with a. view of settling the very much vexed'question of mining on private pro perty still drags its slow length along in the gilded hall of the Legislative Council. As now attired aid amended by the Upper House, it will most assuredly not proves acceptabloeto the "popular Chamber," and will be thence returned with such amend ments as will most probably render the present attempt tb deal with the. matter as abortive as its predecessors, and relegate it to the limbo of slaughtered innocdnts, where twenty-six of its progenitors have already gone. There is still too much of old leaven of Conservatism in the Council not to render the success of any bill deal ing with.," the. sacred rights of. property" more than probl6matical. Lieutenant Colonel Sargood and Dr. eBaney have been respited for another week. The Elections and Qualifications Committee still hesitate at pronouncing the sentence that will banish the two honour able and gallant gentlemen from the Senate of the colony, and have again postponed the announcement of their decision until Tuesday. Whether they will even then :make known the conclusion at which they have arrived is doubtful. One of the seats will become vacant by the effluxion of the time IOr wa110n its noiser was eiec~te in c1e course of a few weeks, and perhaps the Committee think it a pity to precipitate matters, and put country and candidate to a double expense by anticipating by so short a time the natural course of events. The calm way in which the undoubted spreidofthe once dreaded epidemicof small pox ise loked upon is' a 'htriking example I of how surely familiarity breeds contempt. When there were only one or two cases tihe entire'community was agog, and the disease was the common topic of conversa tion. Now that fresh patients are daily being added to the list, and families are being isolated 'and houses quarantined right and left, no person appears to notice thiat'the foe is indeed in our very midst, and if rumour be correct we are spreading the disease abroad. A fireman on board the Waihora has been seized with the com plaint at Napier, and two policemen in South Australia have.also been infected. We can now boast that we have given New Zealand something else besides Sir Julius Vogel. There has been a great deal of needless "gush". over the case of the child-mur deress Rosanna Plummer, and a number of amiable busy-bodies have been occupying themiselves in getting up petitions to the Executive, praying for the commutation of the death penalty, and the imposition of a light sentence on the culprit. Why this i course should have been taken.it is difficult to see.; 'There is nothing in the case to re move it from the category of the too fre quent crimes of a similar kind committed by young ladies who love, "not wisely, but too well." As for the death pen lty, it was never contemplated that it should be carried out. The judge only "formally" pronounced sentence and as Victoria has never yet handed over any female to the tender attentions of the hangman, it was extremely unlikely that a girl of 17 would be selected as the first exception to the rule that protects the feminine neck from dislocation. ; This is in very truth "a fine country for the working man." True, everything lie eats, drinks, and wears, is taxed; but then this is only done to satisfy his own craze for protection, and if lie likes it, why should lie not enjoy "the luxury of paying?" There are also at times some. scores or some hundreds of men who, instead of go ing into the couimntry, prefer to crowd into the metropolis, and dub themselves "un employed." But even theirs is not an en tirely unhappy lot'; their wants are met by means of subscriptions, and they are en abled to enjoy the pleasure of "baiting" a Minister of the Crown. In what other partof the world would men asking for work be able to tell the Government that "if employment is not provided they will have to resort to means which they would otherwise reluctantly adopt," as did a deputation that waited on the Commis sioner of Publiec Works on Monday last? Where else would they be able to refuse to do "a fair day's work for a fair day's wages" and refuse to be employed except "on light day work ?" It is hardly matter for astonishment that even that mild young Crown minister, Mr, Alfred Deakin, should have had his democratic instincts shocked bysuch a display of impudence on the part of his friends andproteges, andhaverefused toconstitutehimselftheirspecialprovidence until they ate humble pie. They have not up to the present partaken of this pro verbial diet, but, nevertheless, contracts for public works are being let for their benefit. It is hardly wise to offendanyone in a community where everyone has a veto for Parliament. The disorganisation which is said to exist in that "model" prison, Pentridge, dulmincted on Tuesday in an attempt by three prisoners to regain their liberty, and the death of one of the interesting trio, who was shot through the head by a warder while in the act of scaling the wall. The Coroner's jury empanelled to enquire into the cause of death returned a verdict entirely exonerating the official who fired the fatal shot, and the prison authorities have' recommended the "marks man," who, by, the way, is an old soldier of the 99fth, for some special mark of favour A few more examples of the kind, and the. frequent attempts made to escape from ildur'iice vilewould becofienefiiid fdl?rbe= tween. The last instance in which a "detena was killed was in 1859, and was within the gaol a matter of ancient his tory. SThe doings at the various theatres hardly call for tiiuch comment, the atten dances, owing doubtless to the Mayor's ball, which took place on Tuesday, having been much below the average. At the Princess "I Impulse" still runs, to be succeeded, however, in a few days by the society comedy of "The Parvenu." At the Royal Miss Genevieve Ward and Mr.W.H.Vernon are reviving Macbeth,and at the Bijou the Emelie Mplville Opera Company are playing their old, relpertoire of opera bouffe. The Opera House is still occupied by Messrs. Clark and Ryman's American Company; and !' Sparks" and the " Muldoon Picnic" are to be replaced by "Honest Hearts," a play new to an Australian audience. August 9. 