TURF 0OBBIP. Br AwIdb. lanlaceswhet* turfmen most do oongre iate the chie! topio pt conversation daring Urt itw ni been the handicap for the Oup. On As whole. I wink Mr. 'aSEanp*^^ scratch? the weights, for the colt hod tried often enough and had never shown anything like good form, consequently he was not entitled to be "placed above performers like Ironmas ter, Maroney, Claptrrfp, baron von Mueller, Nca o! the Hills, Vergy, Comet, Stafford, Victress. Creswick, Yatcly and Camcrine. Ifad he been below all of these, even then he would only have been fairly handicapped. The distance being shorter than the Mel bourne Cup, Mr. Barnard was bound to commence a few pounds higher, and Commo tion of course is awarded the post of honour, but Malua treads close upon his heels with only 3lb. less. Of those down to 9st., bow ever, I fancy most Martini-Ifenry, hrying pan, and Sir Modred. I am positive that we have seen thesonof Musket thoroughly lit only once, and that was in the spring of lost year, and if Mr. Fennelly can "nick" him again in October, this Caulfictd Cap should nearly, if not quite, fall to his lob If I were certain that Plunger were himself again, I should consider him one of the most dangerous horses engaged; for I cannot forget the manner in which he boat Fryingpan and Boolka at Geejong, and carried 8st 101b. over a mile and a half in 2.40. Calma, too, I take to be very well in, for he won with 8st 21b. last year, and as ne is supposed to improve filb., he has only 61b. the worst of the weights, at which he is well in, seeing that he won last October with something like 71b. in hand. Archie, Warwick, andChuckster all read well upon paper, and the South Australians have no cause to complain of the imposts allotted to Dirk Hatteraick and The Israelite. Pass ing on to Colstoun, I take him to be fairly, well in at 7st 111b., and I like Ironmaster at 7st. 91b., because I regard him as a very im proving horse. The Ghost has quite his share over the distance, but Maroney, Clap trap, Ned o' the Hills. Vergy, The Broker, Yately,- Camerine, Blink Bonny, Wing, Bend Or, Morceau,Rufus, Paganini, Plausible, and The Jewel all appear nicely handicapped, while Privateer, Tnstan, Signor, Anchorite, Madcap, Meteor, Bryan O'Lynn, Mentmore, County Boy, Lord Wilton.Too Too.Honeydew. Tomboy, Breeze, His Worship, Seahorse, and Parapluie are all well in. Those who visited Elsternwick-park on Saturday last were well rewarded, for the weather was delightful, the arrangements almost perfect, and the sport first-class. There were a couple of distinguished visitors —the Duke of Manchester and Colonel Ben Williams, both of whom seemed to tho roughly enjoy the onting. The new weighing house is certainly the prettiest I've seen, and reflects great credit upon the taste of the new secretary, and a meed of praise is due to the Brighton nurseryman, Mr. Ronald, who has taken the planting ander bis wing, and elms, shrnbs, and flowers now bedeck portions of the grounds. All tbat is required I is a coating of grass on the running track, and | Elsternwick-park will thenbeallthatcanbe.de sired for a suburban course. The arrangement whereby the transactions of the metallicians were confined to the saddling paddock was very favourably commented upon, especially by the ladies. The pressmen nave reason to grumble, but I believe Mr. Haydon intends to improve their accommodation as soon as possible. Nobody begrudged Mr. Whit tiugham his victory in the Midwinter Handi cap, and as Mr. Dixon is a good supporter of trotting, he well deserved the win gained by Maid of Mona. Angler, who won the Hurdle Race, is a very useful son of Hook, a son of Mr. R. J. Hunter's Fishhook and Mavourneen. Mr. S. Miller was very proud of the trophy his horse Wymlet won in the Maiden Hunters' Race, and his remarks anent the encouragement of such prizes were well re ceived. Hannibal added another Selling Race to Mr. Grimwood's credit, but his owner was so disgusted with his performance in the Midwinter Handicap that he allowed himtogotoMr. John SaquBat£102—a nice little windfall of £77 for the club. By the bye, this was one of the best contests ever witnessed at Elsternwick-park, and if Mr. Vowles had given a dead heat between Saxon, Hannibal, and Mistake, I don't think there-would have been much cavilling. Lord William Beresford has a real good horse in Bassanio, who, in the E.P. Handicap, was only just beaten by his stable companion Regulator, another of Mr. Wceks's purchases. I fancy the son of Gang Forward will distinguish himself in India, for he is sound as a roach, well up to weight, and possessed of brilliant speed. The secretary of the Hawkesbury Racing CInb has forwarded a handy little book con taining the programme and entries for forth coming events, as well as the weights for the Hawkesbury Handicap, but it is a pity that the conditions of the Claret Stakes and Hawkesbury Guineas for1885 arenot included. This useful information racing men always I look for. The American papers state that the Yankee Elunger Walton has been badly "smashed" y the result of the English Derby. I am not surprised at it. Any man whp attempts to break the ring might just as well essay to batter down the Town-hall with bis bead. When Walton made a sensation by returning to America with some 70,000 sovereigns extracted from the pockets of the English bookmakers, - bis best friends advised him to remain in New York and inyest the -money in some safe concern ; but bis overweening conceit got the better of him, and he mode another raid upon the ring men of the old country. He fared jmetty well at first; but ere the season li»H closed he bad " burst,"-and crossed the Atlantic without liquidating all his losses. Like the tiger that had once tasted blood, he thirsted for mora, and, raising enough money to compromise withthe members of the ring, he returned to the charge this year, bought the Derby oolt Richmond) and already is in Queer- street Walton had better try his hand at " layinghe trill find it a far more profit able game than attempting to pick winners. Racecourse habUttis are to be congratu lated upon the improvements effected by the powers that be at Caulfield, Moonee Valley, and Elsternwick-park. and not the least en couraging amongst them is the permanent appointment of Messrs. George Vowles and George Wal _eorge Watson as judge and starter re spectively at all three places. When the public see that everything, is to be conducted in a fair and square manner at these resorts there need not be any fear as to their ultimate success. The friends of Mr. George Watson. will, however, regret to learn that the ] accident he met with in the hunting . „ field a short time tyjo is likely to prevent him indulging in ins favourite eport so frequently as utu&L; His back has been injured, and the slightest exertion in the saddle is accorn instead of &e; horn.' While etrolling round the-paddock at] Elsternwick-park on Saturday laht I potioed] Sitocoo, but failed to recognise his com panion, King of the OipBies, until his trainer, "iham, • pointed him out .Sirocco is Fonlshhu., r .... . frearoldnextasatomKingof the Gipsies it out of all knowledge^ pndwtth pawlds, andfehaUnot be surprised to eee one of them make a bold bid for victory in the Derby. Sirocco is en gaged in the A. J.C. Derby and Foal Stakes, but I don't know that Mr. Cowell intends to send him over. There were several young trotters in the enclosure, and I liked very well a filly by Boccaccio from one of Mr. Dixon's mares, and a colt by Contractor, i and in the parade of trotting stallions for the special edification of Colonel Wil liams, the champion Honesty, Boccaccio (driven by Mr. Strettle), Contractor (driven by Mr, Miller), Vou Moltke, jun., and others showed themselves off to great advantage. At the Epsom meeting The Wrekin, a grandson of The Marquis, won the Egmont Plate of 300 sovs. He is by Wenlock from J Mayoress, by The Marquis, and is therefore half brother to Toastmaster, the hero of the sensational mile at Doacnsler. Mr. Joseph Thompsonappears to be making his mark in the old country, as the following extract relating to betting operations from the Sporting Life will show:—"For a long time the meeting was well-nigh unproductive, the same lethargy which marked the business on Saturday being predominant, and it re mained for the latest addition to the ranks of leading pcncillere, the 'Australian levia than/ to give the necessary fillip to the pro ceedings. Alter a lot of finesse hod been in dulged in, the bookmaker referred to set the ball fairly rolling with an offer to lay 5,000 to 1,000'bar one.' This offer met with no response^ a like fate awaiting the proposal from the same quarter to lay 2,000 to 1,000 against Talisman and St. Medard coupled. Offers there were in abundance at this time to lay 11 to 4 on the field, until the colonial' was again to the fore with the heavy offer of 3,000 to 1,000 on the field. Even this offer, though repeated, was not accepted, but within a few minutes of the time when the price was first tendered there was a very evident desire on the part of several well known commission agents to tempt the layer into renewing his liberal offer. This time, however, it was the fielder's turn to fight shy." Possibly if the energetic leader of the Australian ring were now amongst us, we should have to record more spirited trans actions on the Melbourne Cup, Caul field Cup, and Maribyrnong Plate, tor be is not the man to let the grass grow under his feet, wherever be may be. The lessees of the old racecourse in Ade laide have written to the City Council stating that they were prepared to comply with the terms of their lease, and to substi tute a picket fence for the galvanised fence that at present surrounds the enclosure. At an extraordinary meeting of the South Australian Jockey Club pn Monday, Mr. R. C. Baker, the chairman, stated that a racing club could not be carried on at Morphetville without the use of the totalizator, and he ad vised the discontinuance of racing by the club. A motion to this effect was moved and seconded, but was lost, the meeting con sidering that the committee should decide as to the best course to be pursued. From India I learn that James Watson arrived safely with Falkirk and Tubletop, and that Lord William Beresford's Arab, Re former, who was on his way to England to run in the Arab race at Newmarket, died in the Red Sea. Let us hope that Bassanio and King of the Vale may compensate him for the loss. The Earl of Aylesford, who is a large landowner in America, got into trouble with ' an employ# of the course on Derby Day, was thrown heavily to the ground, and had his leg broken in two places. The horses that have claimed allowances in the Maiden Hurdle Race are Raillery, The Ghost, Briton, Cockboat, Kit Nubbles, Bas sanio, Gasalier, Stafford, Western, Omad haun, Ditto, Le Beau, and Hazard; and in j the Maiden Steeplechase The Mason, Good wood, .Robin Hood, True Blue, Sir Fyaus, and Notorious. Messrs. Campbell, Pratt, and Co. announce their annual sale of thoroughbred and other sires at their new Melbourne Bazaar on Monday, August 4. Amongst the thorough breds are Pilot, Comet, Kettledrum, Young King, Libertine, and Young Rifleman. There will also be submitted several coaching and trotting stallions, including the imported Norfolk trotters Merrylegs and Flying Scotch man, and the Welsh ponies Lingcropper III. and Sonter Johnny. In another column will be found a com-1 parative table of the four spring handicaps, the Canlfield Cup, Melbourne Cup, Metro- j politan, and Hawkesbnry Handicap. The horses engaged in the Hawkesbury Handi cap only have been omitted, also those that | have been scratched. A horse that is nicely handicapped in the Caulfield Cup is Hesperian at 8st 41b. I! believe this handsome little chesnut is being trained at St Albans, and if Mr. Wilson can get him, into form he may win a good race lor Mr. Gleniater. James Wilson, jun., has determined to take up his abode at Flemington as a public trainer. I know no young Australian wbp has undergone a more thorough preparation for the business, and the experience he has gained at St Albans, under his father, shonld | enable him to hold his own, even at head quarters. Already he has a few horses in training, ipclnding Guesswork and Conjee- j ture, and, as he has some boxes vacant, I hope they will be filled hy something equal, if not superior, to these. I do not think he has done [ wrong in selecting Flemington for his con vincing-ground, inasmuch as the tracks are [ always in capital order, and there is never much difficulty in getting to and from the' course on race days. Having watched young : Wilson bom the time that he was a 5st 71b. i boy riding the cracks from St. Albans nntil j he reached about 12sL of bone and muscle, and became the captain of the Geelong Foot ball Club, I can safely say that there iB no more deserving man among the young trainers of Australia. As a horseman a better never vaulted into a saddle, and as a footballer be had no superior. I hope he may be equally successful in his new calling. Mr. "Weeks has sold Countryman to Mr. S. Martin, and the soft-hearted cheer.ut will not go to India. The late owner of Middlemarch has, I'm told, made the colt a present to Murphy, the jockey. Hailstorm, who won the Steeplechase at the fret Moonee-valley meeting, injured him self so severely at the hunt on Saturday last that he had tp he destroyed. This was hard linos for his new owner, whose first ride to houndB it was hn the grey. . The gates, hooths, &c.;, for the wintet meet ing of the Victoria Racing Club will be sold by auction;"at Kirk's Bazaar, at noon on Monday next, July 14. (hi appeal to the Senth Australian.,Full Court in re the case' of Messrs. R.CL Baker and S. Barnard for betting at Morphetville!, the Bfehch quashed the conviction, on the ground, that .the endosurewas not a place to which, the general public was admitted. Se Wrndham programme . * - Tnere are five itetnB to i fMdltT Race brtOaova., Winter uanai 00 eovs-.BeUihg Race of 30 sots.. Steepler chase of SOsovb., and ShireTUndican of 4Q advp. Entries clone onMondsy, July dasa in the week 1m rowans entries torim poftant meetings, but it has been chosen for the receipt of the Geelong entries next week. The programme includes six events, viz.. Hurdle Race of 70 sovs., Railway Stakes of 50 sovs., Steeplechase of 100 sovs., Winter Handicap of 100 sovs., Selling Race of 75 sovs., and Trot of 30 sov& Entries will be received at the V.R.C. office, Melbourne, and by the secretary, Mr. J. D. Robinson, Gee long, up to 4 p.m. on Friday next From Tasmania I learn that Mr. C. S. Agnew has leased from Mr. A. Page the brood mares Agra, Birthday, LoSs o* the Hills, Erlana, aud Parthenia; and the Mail states that the Campbelltown Steeplechase meeting will take place on the24th .September, when the principal event will be the Camp belltown Steeplechase of 150 sovs. What appears to be a great oversight in connexion with the V.R.C. Grand National is the absence of any acceptance. In con nexion with so important a meeting there certainly should have been a day for accept ance, as then the public would have had some idea of what was likely to Btaud out As it iB; a number of horses that arc uot in tended to start will probably be left in until the day of the race. The Victoria Racing Clnb has issued a neatly-printed little volume, containing the programme for the coming season, also the entries made in Jane, weights.for the Mel bourne Cup, and various other information interesting to racing men, who can obtain a copy of the book free of charge at the V.R.G, office. Maribyrnong, the birthplace of many of the heroes ana heroines of the Australian turf, will in all probability be shortly con verted into a township, for I hear that a syndicate of land«pecnlatorshave purchased the whole of Mr. Charles Fisher's property at Maribyrnong. Messrs. W. C. Yuille and Co. have chosen Tattersall's Bazaar, Exhibition- street, fcr holding their annual sale of thoroughbreds, and Mondayt the 4th of August, is the day fixed. The list, which appears this week, in cludes several horses well known to fame on Australian racecourses, notably Swiveller, the hero of many a hard-fooght contest. The Diver, another great performer, is also in cluded in the list; and Euclid, a good horse in his day, is one of the number to be dis posed of. Canary, a very fine son of Epigram, also will be submitted, and among others are Purnim, Deuce of'Hearts, Tichborne, Rebel, General Scobeloff, Confusion, Heptakos, Koh-i-noor, and last, but not least, the imported horse Cassivelaunns, son of the English Derby winner Coractacns. Several hunting and trotting stallions will be dis posed of on the same day. Finding that the original date, August 30, would clash with the AJ.C. meeting and the National Agricultural Society's show, the powers that be at Elsternwick-park have de termined to change the date of their August meeting to the 9th. The programme appears this week, and it will be seen that the chief prize is the Steeplechase of 100 sovs., which should bring out a strong field to christen the fences at the park. The Maiden Trot will be one event of two miles, for which small mercy many thanks, Mr. Haydon. A Sapling Stakes for two year olds is also in the bill of fare, and in this owners can spurt their youngsters for three furlongs over a good course. A Hurdle Race of 50 sovs., Sel ling Race of 50 sova, and Elsternwick-park Handicap of 75 sovs. complete a capital little card. Entries close on Monday, Angust 4. Mr. W. T. Kendall, the well known veterinary surgeon, is engaged upon a very laudable mission. He is endeavouring to establish a veterinary hospital for Melbourne, and has applied to the authorities to erect the neces- sary buildings next to Messrs. Campbell, Pratt, and Co.'s horse bazaar, near Royal- park, and as he is willing to pay the same terms as the latter firm, I don't see any reason why he should not succeed. At all events, be will have the best wishes of all with a philanthropic turu of mind. The works committee of the Victoria Racing Club visited Flemingtou a few days ago, and decided to erect 16 new rubbing boxes, 12 at the eastern and four at the western end. I am informed that it is pro posed to place the former in front of the present range of boxes. If this intention be carried out, it will be a great blunder, for a terrible accident is certain to take place if these boxes are erected so close to the outer track. As a rule, youug horses hang out just at this point, and by placing a building on the spot proposed, there wonld be no end of trouble, and probably some poor unfortunate jockey would lose his life. I was on toe ground on Thursday morning, and every trainer was horrified to hear that snch a proposal had ever been entertained by the committeo. As Jonathan lias not yet commenced to build the boxes, it is not yet too late to countermand the order, and I hope Messrs. Watson, Whitting hnm, and Gardiner will select a more suitable spot for them. It is a pity that in cases like this, those most interested, via, the trainers, are not consulted. As it is believed that the horses training at Fleming ton will increase to nearly 300 before the spring meeting, an addition of 16 boxes will hardly meet the demand, but probably the number will be increased before the Sydney horses arrive. With the almost ubiquitious ranger I had a turn round the new rood being laid down for members, and as the gradients are easy^it^wiU^dohbtleas ,he^ found to be a Mr. Edward Lee has, arrived from Sydney in order to be present at tbeGrand National god Waterloo Cup meetings. J. Keau, P. Piggott, and others have also putin an ap pearance, arid I'm told thiat there will be a very strong contingent from the othec eide of toe border next week. Referring to toe EnglishDerbsyft London writer says'" Mr. Hammond, tue owner of St. Gatien, began life as a Newmarket stable boy. In process of time he became too heavy to ride, and he then took to touting, and, as he was blessed with keen eyes and sharp wits, he quickly, won a considerable sum of money, developed into a professional backer, and from that chrysalis state blossomed forth as toe owner of a Btud of racehorses. Mr. Hammond, during toe last few years, has Won upwards of £80,000. He has been very lucky, and as a proof that he is favoured by fortune I may mention tost he netted a large sum over . Dutch Oven's Deger. Mr. Ham mond was able to back his horse to win a heavy stake without much outlay, as St Gatien wasst 33 to 1 after the Two Thousand. I hear he wins fi30.000.bf St Gatien, and in addition he had £500 on Harveeter. Sir John Willoughby has not cleared more than £3,000 on tint week.. He,woola have won a good stake by Queen S^pkude. The Danebury commission for Busybody was £2,500. - The Moonee and entries will close on the 22nd Seotember. ] The other events are Maiden Plate of, 50 sovs., Selling Race of 50 sovs., Steeplechase of 50 sovs., i.nd the Ngarveno Handicap. Dr. Cortis's hurdleracer Flamboroogh is expected to arrive to-day from Sydney. He is engaged in the Grand National Hurdle Race. Messrs. Yuii'e and Co. will dispose c-f the steeplechaser Great Western at Kirk's bazaar on Monday next ScsATCHiyjs, V.R.C. Vi '-te" Mrvms. — Xaicec Bardie Race—Le Sean, Bri-on. JSaidi-n Stee ptc-chase — The Squ&iter.; stampe-le. Big Drum. Grand ShtiooaJ Hard;-; Rare—Dretida. Tas: Try. Grand Ka&tnm;'. Steeplechase—Chaster. The i-quarrer, Stun. pede, Tandsnefecr. Stiiiug Bardie Re re — Dun drean. fiat Rave—Kaiua, Pelii, Uproarious Cutt ies. Bri: en. CauiStii Cup—Ms serai. 