Gounod's "Redemption." I THINK it will be generally admitted that never before in the annals of music in Bris-<*> bane have we found recorded so important an event as that of the rehearsal of a work new to fame, but which has caused so bond jid4 % m« sation in the Old World as the ucred trilogy of M. Gounod. That the composer of " Faust" should have turned his attention to the more serious and weighty composition of this trilogy is perhaps in accordance with the instincts and practice of most of the great composors before his time. Bach. Handel, and Haydn have each written music for the "Passion;" Mosart his "Requiem;'* Rossini, " a Stabat Mater"; Che rubini, Verdi, Brahms, and Dvorak a "Re quiem;" Wagner his "Parsifal;" and now Gounod the ''Redemption," the work of his life, as he himself calls it No apology is needed for drawing public attention in Bris bane to its forthcoming performance by the Musical Union, or for endeavouring to point out its salient features, in order that it should receive an intelligent and cordial reception at the hands of the audience expected to witness its rendition. The book of words which will be supplied will more fully illustrate the leading themes to be found in the work, and give perhaps a more learned and exhaustive criticism of the many details of the composi tion. My object is to render in aisaple and familiar language an explanation of its general outline, as it has im pressed itself upon my mind, leaving the extended notices of words and music to be gathered from the annotated programme itself. To quote the composer's own words as best setting forth his intentions, the work under notice "is a lyrical setting forth of the throe great facts on which depends the existence of the Christian Church." 1. The passion and death of the Saviour. 2. His life on earth, from His resurrection to His ascension. 3. The spread of Christianity in the world through the Apostles' mission, preceded by a prologue on the Creation. The fall of our first parents and the promise of a Redeemer." Such is the scheme of the work. The words, as well as the music, are by Gounod. The English translation is by the Rev. J. Trout beck, and it was first performed at the Bir mingham Festival of 1882. It is a work that is largely dependent for its proper rendition upon a full band of instru ments, tho simplicity of many of the choral numbers being richly elaborated by attractive instrumental accompaniment. It will be objected to by many I have no doubt that the Saviour should be introduced as one of the dramatis persona ; but this may be met by referring to the profound reverence by which Gounod approaches his subject, Ms own deeply religious nature, and the beautiful theme he has chosen for his leit-motif. Also it must be remembered that tho translation hoa lieen effected by a clergyman of the Church of Eng land, who has not thought it unworthy or im proper to give his name and sanction to such an innovation. Again it may be urged Gounod is an artist painting atone picture. Ho is spend ing two months of the winter of 1807-8 with his friend Hubert in Rome amid acres of paintings by the old masters, nearly all of which present to his mind and imagination tho varied life, sufferings, death, reanrrection, and ascension of the Redeemer. He finds no objection taken to the painters' art or the painters' roodo of dealing with so sacred a subject. He, on t)<e contrary, sees men of all creeds fervently and rapturously expressing their gratification at benplding these works of art. and ho has said id mnkvkt.—li there is nothing wrong in the painter depfrfirtg the incidents touching the personality of tile ftr»*oar, and presenting Him to the gaze of succeurfo generations, why shonld the art of music Wtf dumb ? Shall she not put forth all her powerfc asd capa bilities in emulating painting and eoulptonre ? If ono is right the other must be. Again, the idtfa is not new; Beethoven, in his " Mount of OTWeif,'' and Spohr, in his "Calvary," at tempted ttte same thin*; theugh at the time tho«a work* w6fo introduced into England a modification to UtiU tfctf Chen religious opinions of oar nation was decided upon. However this may be,' the successful flrtttraer in which Gounod has treated this portion of the work, and the beauty and devotional feeling dis played in its creation, has, to my mind, »c- Moved the obf ection which would under other ttrcoinstancea, perhaps, bo raised to its employ ment. This being disposed of, we look at the ftsore, atld find that the composer has. like Haydn in his " Oration," an orchestral Intro duction! repreiefltintf chaos, beginning upon iW fttfte fc and passing through two pages of weird ehi'Hiti*tit ; Hatttfonies, producing a feel ing of um'tti* jtestlessnew, and disorder, until the mind gradually is allowed to compote itself ag3i« mm tbo ini tial note. The narrator 1 (tenor) then, in tho beautiful key of B m«M *n<sJ tcß in monotone on tho dominant B the words-— 11 Oh, Lord, when Thou did'at rest from the wtfrk of Oroatlon.Thou didst call very good the' things which Then hast made;" and Ho is accompanied by beautiful harmonic combina tions oh the part of the orchestra, which pro duces a raviAiiJg feelintf of g ratification *£& contentment in the mind trf the listener, Jt is* not possible for me to describe' the many befltv ties of this work in detail. I ctttt ottly make a roving commentary as I pass on frctto" nu'fnfber to number. The narrator (bass) in the same' key proceeds, "But since he in revolt blindly refused to hearken to Thy Divine command; and the nrasic changes into most descriptive and realistic tone-painting built upon descending consecutive fifths, which surrounded as they are by varying chromatic chorda and progres sions serve the purpose of elucidating tbo narration of the allusion to the shadow of death and sin. This shortly changes to the intro duction by degrees of the "Redemption theme," which appears in the accompaniment, and will be recognised in appropriate places throughout the work. It is also here given to the orchestra alone, fourteen bars of lovely instrumentation, simple yet ecstatic and effective, leading to tho first choral (still in the key of B major), "The earth is My possession," followed again by fourteen bars of the redem tion theme by the band. This brings us to part I. of the work. The narrator (ban) recites " Then is Jesus condemned," in which occur swift cutting passages of instrumental accompaniment descriptive of the mocking and scourging of the Man of Sorrows. Jesus here in pathetic monotone, dropping a semitone at each sentence, Fays "If My deeds have been evil bear ye witness against M.c. If, indeed, lam guiltless, then wherefore smite ye Me," and this so softly and plaintively as to father up in its beauty of tone and ex pression a simple loving sympathy in the mind of the hearer, showing that where genius is brought to bear upon a subject it shines forth in creative power unchallengeable and unfor bidding. The narrator (bass) then proceeds, " When the hour was at hand the Lord with resignation went forth up to4he mount as a dinner to die." Then comes the "March to Oahrarj"fororchestrasoli and chorus, composed by Gounod when at Borne, and which was his first idea concerning the composition of the trilogy twelve years before he actually finished the whole work as already related. It is highly dramatic in form, and seems to convey the scene so often pourtrayed by the painter as vividly to our minds as does the sister art to the eye. The inarch " Moderate Maestoso/ for orchestra, is followed by a chorus for sopranos, alone of simple construction but elaborately accompanied; the march then ap pears again. The narrator now resumes the story, "Andwhile Jesus went up tho mount and Dore His cross; there followed after women who wept and bewailed Him." Seeing this the Lord in tender accents directs them to " weep not," " weep ye for yourselves and for your children." The chorus soprano now sings again the same strain, "Forth the Royal banners go," ff, and this closes Part I. The narrator (tenor) opens Part 11. with a recital of the " Crucifixion," in accompanying which are some rapid passages for the strings, leading on to most realistic and descriptive music of a thrilling and emotional character, depicting with singular power the sufferings of the Saviour, but which is relieved from any feeling of horror or unnecessary anguish by the narration in B major on a simple subject, fittingly accompanied by the orchestra, which again introduces companionly tho sweet re demption theme. Fourteen bars of chromatic ■asfSgßß, allegro, lead up to the soprano chorus, heralded by semiquavers in C, "Ha! Thou that dost declare Thou destroyest the Temple." Then, amidst the din of voices and as the cries of the people subside, is heard tho voice, "Pardon their sin, My Father, for they know not what they do," the orchestra again intensifying the pleading by the yearning utterance of the ever welcome motif of the Redeemer. The next number is entitled" The Reproaches," for quartet or chorus, andante in D minor, and is followed by the number " Mary at the root of the Cross," in which will be noticed progres sions of major thirds and chromatic passages, which the composer has adopted to depict the situation, melting to tenderness when the words "on her bent He an oye showing filial lovo." A distinguished writer, in speaking of this part of the work, says: "M. Gounod, with that high propriety which is part of the power of genius, breathes this sacred fervour 'which docs not pass,' into music of masterly sim plicity, in which sweet melodic inflections and rare harmonic touches suggest rather than exprcsu v high and ineffable beauty—eschewing effect inoro demonstrative, and at the same time more suggestive of finality. It is as if he had said "I cannot express the inexpressible. This sacred emotion I can only record briefly, humbly, devoutly, by a few symbols taken from my art, the simplest and highest I can command." The absence of the song form in this oratorio is conspicuous, and the monotone recitative is at first felt by our singers as not of suffi cient importance to engage their serious attention. But I earnestly entreat them not to let such a feeling get possession of their minds. As they dive into the depths of thij new and beautiful creation, that which appears strange at iirst will rosolvo into beaut/,* ••"» repay thorn for what they may think is a L "•& self- immolation. The quartet and chorus "Beside tho cross remaining " is now opened by the tenor voice solo, followed by tbe alto, and taken up by all tbe voices at tho words " Though lie claim adoration." Mary then sings " Whilo my watch I am keeping," a beautiful melody in G 3-2 time, adopted afterwards by the voices in choral. In No. 4 tho narrator (ba-n) relates the story of the two thieves, and this is fol lowed by tho choral " Lord Jesus Tbon to ala briugest light," and No. 5, " The death." The darkness is then graphically and awfiily depicted by involved harmonica, commencing pp. by the clarionets and viola* and taken up by the strings in ascending and descending passages, the crescendo and diminuendo effects requiring careful manipulation. The last words, "My Father into Thy hands 1 commend My spirit" aro uttered; "and thou* the air was filled with a murmur unwonted*, and tho veil of the temple was rent in twarts,'" The "Earthquake " is terrible in its rushing floc*a> of sound until the choral is reached, w For us the Christ," which tells us of the religious fer vour which followed. "Man unto heaven attaineth; O Christ, Thee we adore;" and this ends the first part of the work, traces of the lovely redemption theme threading its way amongst the intricacies of the accompani ment, and leaving its sweet sense of repose and beauty upon the entranced car. Part 11. contains the continuation of tho narrative from tho resurrection to the ascen sion, and tho oponing part after twenty-one bars of orchestral prelude, is set for the "prophetic choir " to tho words, "Saviour of men, we know that because Thou art living l:uou *° *no dead resurrection art giving." This DMSSS nrou eTn music of n peaceful and tuneful ch»neUrt^ * P«toralo in 12-8 time, which will be heraldst. WiO delight Tho words which follow show Why Jl k th, UB treated. "Day was ! dawnirtg as on thsir -> ely way they were going^ls fftitte by the tsno.' narrator, and fol lowed up by ffrrt swd -eeond k^"- 1™ »"<\- con tralto soli, " How alrtttt we by our.;^ 8 * wh|to the orchestra play a soft acconipam.7 ,<snt» era ploying the pastorale theme, The sce-'ie de picted now is that of the holy women ,at the sepulchre. They aro me* by fa.,e angel, who interposes, "Why ttcftb yo tk* Living among tho Dead?' tho voice moving gradually in a reciting passage from A flat,, rising by a semi-tone as it proceeds, and (**" tainiug in the accompaniment beautiful chord* in arpeggio, for harps. At the words "Ho is' risen again," the melody and bass move by the interval of a third to express " triumph over the grave and over subjection to death.' No. 3 of this part is devoted to the appearance of the Lord to the holy women ; No. 4 to tho Sanhedrim and the recital by tenor and bass. "Christ is risen again." The/ priests and ' elders are greatly amazed, and the general cosy sternation is powerfully realised. In No. 6 we have the holy women before the Apostles, a trio by first and second soprani ant* contralto, "The Lord He is risen agtriM," This is one of the gems of the work, its tunelsH and stirring theme falling gratefully upon thr» ear. Then the now celebrated solo for soprano, "From Thy love as a Father," with concluding chorus, ends this interesting number. The scene alters here in No. 6 to the meeting of the apostles, where our Lord appears its them, after which the grand chorus, " Unlaid,, ye portals everlasting," brings Part IL to» a» brilliant termination. This is one of the boldest and most massive choruses In the work. In the midst of the crash of instrumentation and the vocal efforts of the full choir the celes tial voice is heard, " But who is Hs the King of Glory?" to which the chorus reply. "He whom Death overcame: unfold, unfold, for lo 1 the King comes nigh 1 tho grand redomptioia theme, fourten bars, if, forming a fitting Otoel triumphant close. We are now approaching the conclusion of the work; the third part, "ThePentecost" being the last movement of the trilogy. It commences with a soprano solo and chorus in E major, a favourite key of the eemposer throughout, "Lovely appear over the moan tains the feet of them that preach and sHiag good news of peace." The "Apostles in Prayer" is a carefalfy constructed instrumental movement of thirty six bars, leading to the narration of the* mightier sound, "as of a tempest" On a sudden "appeared tho tongues that were like as of fire." At once the Spirit came upon them, and the soprano voice (from Heaven) sings, "Go ye forth upon your way, tho Lord Himself will guide you." This is followed by tho hymn of the apostles, "The Word is flesh become," con sisting of an extended and amplified chorus, forming a grand finale to the whole work of a decided ecclesiastical type, massive in structure, and original in design — the Beatitudes, " O come to me yea that are sad," "They are blessed the poor in spirit," "They that mourn," "They that hunger and thirst after righteousness;" these arc beautifully treated as part of this great hymn, increasing its interest, and rendering the effect moro in tense in contrast; then the initial themo of the chorus is taken up again on the sentence, "The Word is flesh become," " He, like the Holy Ghost is one, with God the Father in ever lasting Trinity." These words form the sub ject of a finale embracing the full strength of orchestra and chorus, bringing this grand com position to a fitting conclusion. I fear I have overstepped the limits I pre scribed for myself when I set out, but my en thusiasm for the work will perhaps be for given after the composition has actually been heard. It is deserving of attention and study, and if by these lines 1 have, in a humble way, contributed a little to its elucidation, my end will have been accomplished. W. HORATIO WILSON. M. MASI'EUO, tho French archsuologist, is pursuing his researches amid the ruins of th« old kingdoms which once existed on the banks of the Nile. Writing to M. Kenan, he bays that, with a few additional workmen, he hopes to find some tine monuments of the past. He has lately discovered at Saggarah a tomb dating from the sixth dynasty of Egypt. The tomb itself ia intact, hut the tnumir.y and coffin en closed therein are iv pieces. A number of antique objects and inscriptions were also brought to light at the hhiup time as the tomb, and M. Masporo ia of opinion that his dis covery is onn of proat imj»orlniu-o t<> tho reli gioutt history of Egypt. A fund has been opened by tho Lord Mayor for the relief of the sufferers by the earthquake in Essex 