Late Telegrams. Intercolonial Jfews. (From our own Correspondents.). Sydkbt. Thuraday. Two more cases of smallpox have arisen from the Orient Hotel cases. The firet is Frank M'Oombie, a boy of two years of age. Fortu nately, ho was quarantined at the North Head as suspected. The second sufferer is the father of the lad, and, unluckily, Landlord of the Or:cnt Hotel. Alibi family are now nfllicted with the dispose. After sticking to the ship as long as he could he, too, has been seized and forced to desert. Every inmatcofthe house has been laid up with the smallpox, so that now that things are at their worst an amendment may be looked for. The metropolitan inspecting officer who examined il'Combie states tho case will bo a alight one. Tho Hotel is now in chargo of two of the ambulance corps, and is in process of complete fumigation and disinfection. The only change reported by Dr. Muskett from tho quarantine ground other than that amongst tho suspects is that a man named Orawford is deciaedly worse up to a late hour last night- The metro politau inspecting medical officer is engaged in investigating the reported cases in various parts of tho city, which, however, turned out not to he smallpox. Shortly before 8 o'clpck last night a fire broke out at the residence of Mr. James Brown, Arthur-street, Asbfield. The flro was dis covered in the bedroom, and quickly spread throughout the budding, which wa* constructed of weatherboards and shingles (covered with iron The whole slrucluro was burnt to the ground. A portion of the furnituro was forLunately sated by tho exertions of several neighbours. Several Gre brigades were present, but tho flames had such a complete hold of tho wooden build ing that it was impossible to render any very useful sertice. Tho furniture and effects were insured for £150 in the .Mercantile Mutual, aud the buibiiugs for £000 in tho same office. The second reading of the Civil Service Bill will be moved by Mr. Stuart in the Legislative Assembly to-night. A concert to Jfcrmsx Hogrich was given by the Sydney Liedertafel last night, and was a splendid success. T. \Y. Shepherd, a well-known botanist and agriculturist, nnd for many year* agricultural editor of tho Town and Country Journal, died last night after a long illness. The Land Bill was further considered in the Legislative Council yesterday. At tho timo the House adjourned tho 17th clause had been pasiod. The discussions which took place upon '.ho clauses from &lh; to 17th, wcro long i:i many respects, and dissimilar from tho etyli of Jcb&te; which marked the consideration of tho leb&U; in the Assembly. Some ot tho clauses wero amended, and a number of amfiidmanU ptopQsod afterwards wcro withdrawn j so far them, has not been much indioation of-any intention on the part of tho Home to pan the bill with tho expedit on expected. The House at rising adjourned till Tuesday, at 7 o'clock. In the LegislatiTo Assembly yesterday, and" directly tho House met, Mr. Buchanan called attention to the presenoe of slrangors, and the galleries wero cleared in half an hour. When tho reporters were admitted tho formal busi ness had been transacted. The matters on tho business paper being dealt with, Mr. A. CI Taylor challenged tho seat of Mr. Tiickett, the Minister for Public Instruction, on the ground that .the Validating Act expressly exempted the Minister for PuMio Instruction from the operation of tbo Act, and moved that the matter be referred to the Committee of Elections and Qualifications. After some discussion, tho motion was negatived by 29 to 6. The motion for adjournment met with little support, and woe quickly negatived, and the main pari of the sitting was devoted to a discusi ion of Supplementary Estimates for 1882 and previous yeare, which were eventually all agreed to as submitted. Another public meeting to express disap proval of the action of tho Government in the Anderson flogging ease is announced to be held in the Hew Masonic llall to-morrow night. An old woman named Catherine Wallace was lodged in Braidwaod gaol by Constable Eraser under warrant of committal for three months by tho Araluen bench for using obscene language. She is a widow, ar d has been in the habit of running about Araluen, declaring that the ghost of her husband haunts her. About a fortnight ago, as a man was driving a team aloDg tho road, she suddenly rushed from behind a tree, and throw two large stones at him, fortunately without striking him The people of Araluen assert she is mad, and ought to be sent to a lunatio asylum, but nobody likes to take action in the matter. It is perfectly clear she is unfit to be at large, and should be put under restraint to prevent her ir juring somebody. Tho weather is fine. Mklboctbhb, Thursday. In the Legislative Assembly some progress was made with the Land Bill . . In committee Mr. Mirams withdrew his amendment for no future alienation of Crown lands for the pre sent. Clauses 1 and 2 wero agreed to. On clause 3 being put, permitting existing occu piers of Crown lands iunder grazing licence to remain thereon provided the rental is paid, a long debate ensued, and great diflorenco of opinion was manifested. Eventually progrosa was reported. 1 he tirno devoted to priyato members' business woe taken up by the debate on the second reading of Mr. Coppin'B Home steads Protecting Bill. The second reading was eventually rejected by 23 to 15. In tho Legislative Council the Mining and Private Property Bill recommending certain clauses dealing with money matters wore struck out, the bill reported, and its adoption made an order of the day for Tuesday next. Tho Amalgamation of the Legal Professions Bill was again before the House, and paasod the second reading. An application was made at a full sittings of the court to set aside the verdict in the breach of promise case, Kdgin Bgainst Horner, on tho ground that it was obtained by fraud, or for a new trial od the ground of the discovery of .fresh evidence. 'Jhe plaintiff, who recovered £600, represented herself as thirty one years of age and a widow of a man named Edgin. it is now stated she is 43 years of ago, and has a son aged 19 years, and was never married to Kdgin, and that hor husband, Charles Bickctts, is still nlivc in Vic toria. Tho Crown directed further affidavits to be put in. lira Bromby and Jones introduced a depu tation of ladies representing the Maternity Aid Society to the Chief Secretary for the purpose of urging the Government to introduce a bill making it an offence to seduce young women under the age of 19 years. The Chief Secre tary said that the Government had made pro gress in the preparation of a measure to deal with tho question, which would fie introduced into Parliament at the earliest opportunity. , Owing to the slow progress made with legislation, it would be difficult to say when the measure would be brought in. ■Wbllissoiok, Thursday. Sir Geirge Grey having surrendered his commission to form a Ministry, His ExcoUoncy tho Governor sont for Major Atkinson. Nego tiations arc being opened between Mnjor Atkinson and Mr. Soulhgal, but the difficulties of arranging a coalition nro : found to bo insuperable. Major Atkinson is now forming a Ministry, sclccfed pirtly fro u his own party and partly from Sir Georgo Grey's supporters. It is not known whclhor Sir Georgo Grey has himself consented to join Major Atk nson. The names of the new Ad ministration will probably ba announced in Parliament to day. Fsu.uu with a 8hovbi,.—An allack of a brutal naturo was committed on Thursdayjby a firoman named Joseph Fernandez, ou board the Mount Lebanon, uow lying in tho river. The objict of hia uii-Knglish attack wss Lhe idiief cook of the vessel just named. Seine little differunce has existed between them, and on Thursday a quarrel arose, and Kcrmuidex felled his shipmate with a sbovgl, Bud inflicted two gashes in his head, one on the top and the other behind. The assailant was taken into custody. Mzpical Lkctubks.—A course of medical lecturea will shortly ba dalivorod in Brisbane, at the Theatre Boysl, by Anna M L. Potts, this lady is a doctor of medicino medicino of the Female .Medical College of Pennsylvania, and is said to be alt eloquent and popular speaker. 9ho had large audiences to lietun to her Instruc tive discourses when lecturing iu tho southern colonics. Tile first lecluro will he given on Monday evening next, and admissiou is free. In Southern and Middle England 110,999 women steer canal boats, 