THE FOUR MAGNIOOLS. Ej William Block, author o£ ' The Strange Adventures of & Planter,' &c;, &c.l; Chapter 1L— The Last or the Games. But before proceeding to relate how the captive clansman was lowered into the dungeon o£ the ca^Ie en Eilean-ca-Rona, it wiil be EC-cessary to explain why lie did not choose to purchase his libsrty by the pay. ment cf the turn of one penny. Pennies amopg tbe boys of Erisaig, and more espe cially among the MacNicols, were an ex ceedingly tcarce commodity. The father of the three MacNicole, who was also burdened with tbe charge of their orphan cousin 2*eil, was a hand on board the steamer Gientra Castle, and very seldom came ashore. He had but small wages, and it was all he could do in the bringing up of the boys to pay a certain sum for their lodging and schooling, leaving them pretty much to cadge for them selves as regarded food and clothes. Their food, moBtly porridge, potatoes, and fish of their own catching, cost little ; and they did not spend much money on clothes, especially in summer-time, when no Erisaig boy— except Bob MacNicol, who was a dis tinguished person— would submit to the en cumbrance of shoes and stockings. Never, theless, for various purposes money was neces sary to them; and this they obtained by going down in the morning, when the herring boats c&me; in, and helping the men to strip the nets. The men were generally tired out and sleepy with their long night's work ; and if they had had anything like a good haul they were glad to give these lads twopence or threepence apiece to undertake the labor of lifting the nets, yard by yard, out of the hold, sbaaicg out the silvery fish ana dexterously extricating those that had got more firmly enme&bcd.; Moreover, it was a work the bojs delighted it. If it was not the rose, it Vfas near the rose. If it was not for them as yet to sail away iu the afternoon, watched by all the village, at least they could take this small pa?b in the great herriijg trade. And when they had shaken out tho last of the nets, and received their wages, they stepped ashcie with a certain pride ; and generally they put both hands in their pockets as a real fisherman would do, and perhaps they would walk along the quays with a slight lurch, as if they also had been cramped up all the nightlong through, and felt somewhat unused to walking on first getting back to land. Now these Ma&Nicol; boys, again imitating the well-to-do among the fishermen, bad each an account at the savings bank, and the pence they got were carefully hoarded up. For if they wanted a new Glengarry cap, or if they wanted to buy a book telling them of all kinds of tremendous adventures at sea, or if it became necessary to purchase some more fishing-hooks at the grocer's shop, it was their own small store of wealth they had to look to ; and so it came about that a penny was something to be seriously considered. When Bob MacNicol had to impose a fine of one penny he knew it was a dire punishment ; and if there was any alternative the fine was rarely paid. The fund, therefore, which he had started for tbe purchase of an old and disused set of bagpipes, and which was to be made up of those fines, did not grow apace. Of course being a chieftan he must needs have a piper. The revels in the halls of Eilean-na-Hona lacked half their impressive ness through the want of the pipes. No doubt Bob had a sort of suspicion that if ever they should grow rich enough to buy the old set of bagpipes he would have to play them himself; bat even the most ignorant person can perceive that to be one's own piper mutt at least be better than to have no piper at ali. And now the captive Nichol MacNicol was led to the edge of this black pit in the floor of the lower hall of the castle. On several occasions one or other of the boys had been lowered, for slighter offence*, into this dun. geon ; but no one had ever been condemned to go to the bottom— if bottom there were. But Nichol did not flinch, He was satisfied of the justice of his sentence. He was aware he deserved the punishment. Above all, he was determined to save that penny. At the same time, when the other three bad poised themselves so as to lower the rope gradually, and when he found himself descending into that black hole, he looked rather nervously below him. Of course he could see nothing. But there was a vague tradition that this dungeon was haunted by ghosts, vampires, warlocks, and other unholy things ; and there was a chill, strange, earthy odor arising from it ; and the walls that he scraped against were slimy and damp. He . uttered no word, however, and those above kept slowly paying out the coil of rope. Bob became somewhat concerned. ' It'll be no easy job to pull him bask,' he said in a whisper. 'It's as deep as the dungeon they put Donald Germ Mur into,'* said his cousin NeiL 'Maybe there's no bottom at all,' said Due can, rather awe stricken. Suddenly a fearful thing happened. There was a cry from below— a quick cry of alarm ; and at the same moment they were startled by a wild whizzing and whirriogaround them, as if a legend of tends had rushed out of the pit. With a shriek of fright Duncan sprang back from the edge of the dungeon ; and that with such force that he knocked over his two companions. Moreover, in falling, they let eo the rope ; when they rose again they looked round in the twilight, but could find no trace of it It had slipped over the edge. And there was no sound, from below. Bob was tbe first to regain his senses. He rushed to the edge of the hole and stooped over. ' Nicol, are ye there ?' His heart jumped within hin when he beard his brother's voice. ' Yes, I am ; and the rope too. How am I to get up ?' Bob turned quickly. 'Duncan, down to the boat with ye! Loosen the lugsail halyards and bring them up. Quick I quick !' Duncan was off like a young roe. He slid down the crags ; he dashed through the larch wood; he jumped into the boat on the beach. Presently he was making his way as quickly back again, the haljards^iled round his arm, go a* not to prevent his climbing. ' Nicol J' shouted Bob. 'Ay ?' *? I am lowering the halyards to ye. Fasten them to the end of the rope.' ' I canna see them.' ' Grope all round till ye come to them.' And eo in process of time the end of the rcpe was hauled up, and thereafter— to the great relief of every one— and to his own, to doubt, Nicol appeared alive and well, though somewhat anxious to get away from the neighborhood of that dungeon. He went immediately out into the worm summer air, followed by the other?. *' Man, wbat a fright I got !' he said at las'-, having recovered bis speech. ' Ay, and so did we,' Neil admitted. ' 'What wa&'t ?' said he, timidly, as if almost afraid to put his own leara and suspicions into words. ' I dinna ken,' Neil said, looking rather frightened. 'Ye dinaa ken I' Bob MacNicaol said, with a scornful laugh. ' Ye ought to ken, then. Ic was nothing but a lot of bats ; and Duec&d; jelitd &b; if he had seen twenty war locks, and knocked us over, so Otat we test the rope. Come, boys, begin your games no w ; the steamer will be in early the day.' Well, it seemed easier to dismiss tuper stitions fears out here in the sunlight. Per. haw it had been only bate after all. War locks did not whirr in the air— at least they were understood not to do so. Witches were supposed to reserve their aerial performances for the night-time. Perhaps it was only bats, as Bob asserted. Indeed it would be safer— especially in Bob's presence— to accept his explanation of the mystery. At the same time the younger boys occasionally darted a stealthy glance backward to that glooaiy apartment that had so suddenly become alive with unknown things. Then the games began. Bob had come to the conclnsion that a wise chieftain should foster a love for national sports and pas times, and to that end he had invented a Ejttem of marks, the winning of a large num ber cf which entitled the holder to pecuniary or other reward. As for himself, his part was that of spectator and arbiter ; he handi capped the competitors, he declared the prizes. On this occasion he ensconced him. ec If in a niche of the ruins, where ho was out of the glare of tho sun, and gracefully sur reunded by masses of iry, while his relatives hauled out to the middle of the green plateau several trunks of fir-trees cf various sizes, that had been carefully lopped and pruned for the purpose of ''tossing the caber.' Well, thf y ' tossed the caber,' they ' put the atone,' thsj had wrestling matches aad other iriaia of strength, £ot-~the while sur veying the scene with a critical eye, and reckoning up the proper number of mark?. But now some milder diversions followed. Three or four planks rudely nailed together snd forte ing a piece of rough flooring about two or three yards square were hauled out from an archway, placed on the grass, and a piece of tarpaulin thrown over it. Tdan tvo of the boys took out their Jew's-harps — alas ! alas ! that was the only musical instrumeat within their reach, until the coveted bagpipss should be purchased— and gaiiy struck up with 'Green grow the rashes, O !' as a pr*-liminary nourish. What was this now ? Wbat but' a performance of ths famous sword d&nce; by that renowned ani valiant henchman, Nicol MacNicol, of Erisaig, in tfce kingdom of Scotland ! Nicol, failing a couple of broadswords or four dirks, had got two pieces of rusty old iron and placed them cross- wise on the extempo rised floor. With what skill and nimbleness he proceeded to execute this sword-dance — which is do doubt the survival of some ancient mystic rite — with what elegance ha pointed his tees and held his arms akimbo ; with what amazing dexterity, in all the evolutions of the dance, he avoided touching the bits of iron ; nay, with what intrepidity, at the most criti cal moment, he held his arms aloft and vic toriously snapped his thumbs, it wants a Homeric chronicler to teiL It needs only be SBid here that after it Neil's 'Highland FliDg' was n comparative failure, though he, better than most, could give that out flan g quiver of the foot which few can properly acquire, and without which the dancer of the -Highland Fling' might just as well go home and go to bed. Che great chieftain, having regarded these and other performances with an observant eye, and having awarded so many marks to this one and to that, declared the games over, and in vited the competitors one and all to a royal banquet. It was a good deal more wholesome than most banquets, for it consisted of a scone and a glass of fresh milk apiece— butter being as yet beyond the means of the MacNicols, And it was a good deal more sensible than motat banquets, for there was no speech making after it. But there was some inte resting conversation. ' Nicol, what did ye find ia the dungeon?' Duncan said. ' Oh, man, it was a gruesome place,' said Nicol, who did not want to make too little of the perils he bad encountered. 'What did ye see?' 'How could I see anything? But I felt plenty on the way down ; and I'm sure it's fu o' creeping things and beasts. And then when I was near the foot, I put my hand on some thing leevin', and it flew up and hit me ; and in a meenit the whole place was alive. Man, what a noiec it was ! And then down came the rope, and I fell ; and I got sicb a clour on the head !' ' Nothing but bats !' said Bab, conteaiptu cusly. ** I tbirg it was owlets,' said Duncan con fidently : ?* for there was one in the wood when I was gaun through, and I nearly r&n; my head against him. He was Bitting in one of the larches — man, he mads a noise !' ' Ye've got yovar heads tilled with, nothing i but v? itches acd warlocks the day !:' said Kab, I impatiently, as he rose to his feet. ' Come, j and get the things into the ba?ket Ye maua j be back in. Eri-&ig; before the Glenara coaiea in.' Very soon thereafter the small party made | their way down again to the shore, and entered the war-galley of the chief tain, the halyards being restored to their proper use. There were no more signs of any squall ; but the light steady breeze was contrary ; and as Bobert of the Bed Hand was rather anxious to get back before the steamer should arrive, and as he prided himself on his steering, he himself took the tiller, his cousin Neil being posted as look- out forward. It was a tedious business this beating up sg&inst; the contary wind; but there was nothing the MacNicols delighted in so much as in sailing, and they had grown to be expert in handling a boat. And it needed all their skill to get anything out of these repeated tacks with this old craft, that had a sneaking sort of fashion of falling away to leeward. However, they had the constant excitement of putting about ; and the day was fine ; and they were greatly refreshed after their arduous pastimes by that banquet of scones and milk. Nor did they know that this was to be the last day of their careless boyish idle ness; that never again would the great chieftain, heedless of what the morrow might bring forth, hold these high frolics in the halls of Eilean- na-Bona. L Patience and perseverance wiil beat even contrary winds ; and at last, after one long tack stretching almost to the other side of Loch Scrone, they put about, and managed to make the entrance to theharbor, just weather ing the rocks that had nearly destroyed them on their setting out. But here another diffi culty waited them. Under the shelter of the low-lying bills, the harbor was in a dead calm. No sooner had they passed the rocks than they found themselves on water as smooth as glass, and there were no oars in the boat. For this oversight Bob Mac Nicol was not respon sible ; the fact being that oars were valuable inErkaig, and not easily to be borrowed, whereas this old boat was at anybody's dis posal. There was nothing for it but to sit and wait for a puff of wind. Suddenly they heard a sound— the distant throbbing of the Glenara's paddles. Bob grew anxious. This' old boat was right in the fairway of the steamer ; and the question was whether, in coming round the point, she would see them in time to slow. ' I wish we were out of here,' said he. As a last resource, he threw the tiller into the boat, took up the helm, and tried to use this as a sort of paddle. But this was scarcely of any avail ; and they could hear, though they could not see, that the steamer was ? almost at tbe point. Tbe next moment she appeared ; and it seemed to them in their fright that she was almost upon them — towering away over them with her gigantic bulk. They heard the scream of the cteam-whistle, and the sharp ' ping ! ping !'' of the indica tor, as the captain tried to have the engine reversed. It was too late. The way on the steamer carried her on, even when her paddles were stopped ; and the next second her bows had gone clean into the old tarred boat, cutting her almost in two and heeling her over. She sank at once. Then the passengers of the steamer rushed to the side to see what should become of the lads struggling in the water ; the mate threw overboara to them a couple of life-buoys ; and the captain shouted cut to have a boat lowered. There was a great confusion. Meanwhile, all this had been witnessed by tbe father of the MacNicols, who had stood for a second or two as if paralysed. Then a sort of a spasm of action seized him, and apparently not knowing what he was about, he threw open the gangway abaft the paddle box and sprang into the sea. (To be continued.) 