Beauty and the Peer. TRUE STORY OF MISS FORTESCUE AND VISCOUNT GARMOYDE. The public has a. commendable curiosity in matters of courtship and marriage, and this curiosity is not dulled when the courtship ter minates in a suit for hrenrh of nromise. when. moreover, the lady is a. beauty and the perfidi ous lover a peer. Ever/body knows the pretty fiction — ' Beauty and the Beast.' Beauty in this case had golden hair and a tak ing lace, and played the part of Celia in the fairyland on theboard of the Savoy. The Peer was a young man whose taste in the ' mud honey,' of which Mr. Tennyson sings, was undeniable — a taste, it must be confessed, not altogether banished from the aristocratic section of society. This Peer, somehow or other, wandered from the gaiety of demi mondish drawing- rooms into eyeshot of the demure little Fairyland of Iolanthe. He came, he saw the golden hair and charming face of Beauty breaking like a modem Venus from the sea of creamy silk, but he did not immediately con quer. This golden- haired darling — so he called Beauty in a letter to which we shall again refer — would be, he thought delicious, and since she was one of those who, being on the boards, was regarded by the Peers, pure blooded relative as so much dirt, no doubt she would feel honored by the notice. Beauty, however, had other admirers, and was not as he had anticipated, like a ripe pear ready to drop into his aristocratic mouth. The Peer accordingly waxed warm in pursuit ; and at last, moved by his evident devotion and confid ing in his fidelity. Beauty yielded, gave up an untitled lover, and courtship of the Peer be gan. With hereditary perseverance, if not with hereditary caution, he pressed his suit. His perseverance was rewarded. The prize was almost won. The Beauty had consented to become the bride ot the Peer. But there was one obstacle to their union. The Peer had parents. How could they brook this mixture of their ancient blood with the common red fluid which in Beauty's cheeks looked to youth ful eyes so fair ? Wonderful to relate, the noble Earl, his father, and the Countess, his mother, merely stipulated for a year's delay, which as the Peer was going to Sandhurst, was seeming ingly very reasonable. And then her lover's parents received their son's/iancee with paren tal kindness and cordiality. They even went the length of regretting that they could not, owing to religious scruples, see her last appear ance in Iolanthe before she retired to the aris tocratic leisure befitting a Visconnt's bride ? She had never expected this, nor was she alone in her surprise. Stormy and relentless opposi tion had been predicted by her best friends, not only because of the mesaillanee which Ceauty would be in point cf birth, but also be cause to the stern Presbyterian view an actress seems little better than the scarlet lady of Babylon. She was surprised, delighted ; it was almost too good to be true. But the Earl had his own opinions about the course to adopt in such a juncture ; and as the event proved he admirably forecast the future. The year's delay gave him what was of para mount importance, time. In a year a thou sand things might happen. For instance a young man's fancy might change ; he might -^-there was in this point special hope — get tired of sweetness which was already won. The poet assures us that for a ' month or twain to live on honeycomb is pleasant,' but the young Peer's Hiring for sweets was to endure the hard test of tweleve month's delay. In short, the Earl knew his son's disposition. The mere (act of the prohibition might once more make the 'gross mud honey of town,' to repeat Mr. Tennyson's phrase, more attrac tive than the virgin honey of the domestic hive. ' Accordingly, every opportunity was given to the young people to be together, and ever}' effort was made to remove any shadow of pro hibition, for, with the Peer's fancy, inhibition was the bloom of the peach ; it was a maxim he loyally acted on — that forbidden fruit is sweet. The Earl reasoned well. All turned out as he anticipated. Still it may be doubted if the knowledge of human nature and diplomacy possessed by an ex -Lord Chancellor ought, in common fairness, not to speak of generosity, to be matched against the confiding innocence of a girl. Meanwhile, Beauty, not seeing below the surface, was completely off her guard. She would have felt it treason to think of the venerable Earl and the Countess as other than her real parents. Aad so, fearless of the future, she basked in the sunshine of an aristocratic courtship. It was very pleasant to have a titled lover assiduous at her side. It was very pleasant, too, it must be confessed, to go to Garrard's with her Viscount and look at the coronet and initials on the wedding presents. It was very pleasant to get affectionate letters from the Countess, and to find that ' the dear boy's' future was in her hands, that her sweet influence was depended .upon by bis parents to get him to return to Sandhurst, to do this or that, because they knew that by anyone else he was unmanage able In short, Beauty having shaped an unruly rake into a harmless spoon, was en treated to continue the good work and persuade him to scoop up some of the good things which bis fond parents had in vain put in his way while he was yet a rake and preferred to grope in the gutter. But we must hasten over the halcyon days of prosperous courtship. Only let our readers be sure that the Peer, in his new capacity of~spoon, acquitted himself very creditably. As long as Beauty frequented the Fairy land of the Savoy Theatre her spoon was assistant in attendance, and the dressing rooms of the gentlemen he knew behind the scenes were, owing to their well tried nature, almost as much his property as theirs. Pass quickly over the swiftly gliding weeks of courtship after Beauty has left the boards. Beaut}* nat urally enough thinks that she has found in the venerable Earl a father. AH goes on smoothly, all is couleur de rose. And now, at last, we -find Beauty and her mother in Brighton. The Peer is with them, as attentive and devoted as ever. With difficulty he quits his fiancee's side. But the separation is to be a short one. He is to return to-morrow to escort Beauty to the ancestral tower at Bournemouth, his home and hers. And here I can imagine my fair readers saying to themselves, ' How delight ful !' and fancying themselves very plesantly in her place. The fiancee of a viscount, recived with open arms hy his family, made much of and admired by everybody, busied in all those preparations that keep up the sweet glow of expectation as the wedding draws near, who more fortunate, more happy, than Beauty ? and now, while she counts the hours before she will be again with .her lover a letter arrives. It is from him. To literally transcribe it is unnecessary. Suf fice it to say that the Peer, actually the day after their tender parting, writes to say that it would be better to give np the match, that his people object to it — why now of all times ? — that his titled friends would not call upon her, and with this he furnishes a list creditable rather to his imagination than bis veracity. Then be goes on to entreat her not to do any thing hastily, but to go to his solicitors, and she wfll find they have instructions to make an arrangement that will completely satisfy her. And to injury the noble youth adds that noth- . ing short of insult. He hopes ** that though they cannot marry, they will alwaysbe the dear- ; est friends, and that his golden-haired darling : will be his darling still.' Needless to say, the . days of the Peer's spoondom are over ; whatever ertected the change — it may be a plunge into : his former pursuits — the rake. is a rake once ? more. Beauty, when after a long interval, : she is able to realise the meaning of this sin Solar production, sorrowfully sends the Peer's : letter to her new father, and, with touching : innocence, asks if he knows of this. The 1 1 .answer comes ; but just as without any- cause ] Ion her part her betrothed has deserted her, s now her betrothed's father writes, but there i nothing fatherly or even sympathetic in hi tone. No diplomatist who finds it assists hi diplomacy to make a warm show of friendshi] freezes more quickly when his object is attain© than does this astute and legal-minded Earl not that he has got the key of the position. Tb Earl (he writes) is astonished at her conduct To send a son's letter to his father under sue] circumstances ; what an enormity ! -He is in deed deeply shocked. He has of course no read the letter — but it is pretty evident some one has made him acquainted with the con tents — for he says, since she asks his opinion she can have it : ' he does quite approve of th course his son has taken.' And so the Peer' parents, instead of being ashamed of their son' conduct, approve of it. Nay, the news of hi perfidy is greeted by the whole family witl sober Calvirnstic joy. A daughter of Hetl would have been a sore trouble in such ; household. Nevertheless, the Peer, since, a it need hardly be said, he has the sagest o legal advisers, thinks it well to endeavour t- atone for the desertion he has perpetrated His method of atonement is singular an- characteristic. Under the naive impressioi that money is a quid pro quo for anything— whether outraged affections or insulted womai hood — he ofiers first ^3000, and then ^5000 and wonders that his oners are indignant!] rejected. Womanly dignity and feeling are not, as th- legal mind may suppose, a mere affair of com merce. Beauty has turned for advice to ok friends of her childhood, and, urged by them, is determined to bring before the tribunal o the English people the circumstances of tb- case ; a necessary step, since canards of various manufacture come thick in the weekly flights o the journals of society. This is the simple outline of the circum stances which have led to the suit for breach o promise of marriage brought by Miss Finney. lietter known by her itom de theatre as Mia Fortescue, against Viscount Garmoyle, the eldest son of Earl Cairns, ex-Lord Chancelioi of England. — Exctiange. Deaths from Fright. The distinction between fright and fear ought always be borne in mind. Fear can be mas tered by an effort ; fright has come and gone before the brain has had time to come to the conclusion that an effort is possible. There is no fear in human beings so strojjg as the fear ol death, and yet ' there is no passion in the mind of man,' says Bacon, truly enough, 'so weak that it mates and masters the fear of death. Revenge triumphs over death ; love slights it ; honor aspireth to it ; grief flieth to it ; fear occupieth it.' Pity, which is the tenderest of passions, led many to kill themselves from compassion for Otho's suicide. Even * tedium vitae,' mere utter weariness of doing the same thing over and over again, will lead a man to defy his inborn fear of death. But what passion can guard against fright ? A Jew, according to Lodovicus Vives, once crossed a narrow plank over a torrent in the dark, and, visiting the place the next day, saw the extremity of his last night's risk, and died — of what ! Not of fear, obviously, because there was nothing to be afraid of, but possibly of fright. So again, persons have been known who always fainted at the scent of certain flowers, notably that of May blossom ; but it would be ridiculous to accuse them of being afraid of hawthorn. Doctor Francis, of the Indian Medical Con tingent, tells of a drummer who was suddenly aroused from his sleep by something crawling over his naked legs. He imagined that it was a cobra, and his friends, collected by the out cry, thought so too, and he was treated accord ingly. Incantations, such as are customary with the natives on these occasions, were resorted to, and the poor fellow was flagellated with twisted cloths on the arms and legs in view partly to arouse him, bnt principally to to drive out the evil influence (spirit) that for the time being had taken possession of him. With the first dawn of light the cause of fright was1! discovered in the shape of a harmless lizard, which was lying crushed and half killed by the side of the poor drummer ; but it was too late. From the moment that he believed that a poisonous snake had bitten him he passed into an increasing collapse until he died. The drummer was not a strong lad, and the shock was too much for him. The most remarkable death from the accident of fright was that of the Dutch painter Rent man, in the seventeenth century. He was at work on a picture, in which were represented several death-heads, grinning skeletons, and other objects calculated to inspire the beholder with a contempt for the vanities and follies of the day. In order to .do his work better he went to an anotomical room and used it for a studio. One sultry day, as he was drawing these melancholy relics of mortality by which he was surrounded, he fell off into a quiet sleep, from which he was suddenly aroused. Imagine liis horror at beholding the skulls and bones dancing around him like mad, and the skele tons which hung from the ceiling dashing themselves together. Panic-stricken, he rushed from the room and threw himself head long from the window on to the pavement l-elow. He sufficiently recovered to learn that the cause of his fear was a slight earthquake, hut his nervous system had received so severe 1 shock that he died in a few days. Frederick I. of Prussia was killed by an iccident of fear. He was one day sleeping in in arm chair, when his wife, Louisa of Meek-' enburg, who had for some time been hopelessly nsane, escaped from her keepers, and made ler way to the king's private apartment. Breaking through a glass door she dabbled lerself in blood, and, in a raging fit of delerium ast herself upon the king. The latter, who ras not aware of the hopelessness of her in anity, was so horrified at the appearance of a roman clad only in linen and covered with ilood that he imagined, with a superstition haracteristic of the age, that it was the White L.ady, whose ghost, according to a time tonored tradition, invariably appeared when leath was around the house of Brandenburg, le was seized with a fever, and died in six i-eeks. '^ ? 