\- -???: ECHOES OP MELBOURNE -' ; .;?' . ;'. (By The Ghost;) ? . Parliament is evidently beginning ? to realise.' the fact that up /to the present their time has been mostly occupied .with ''words, words, . ?words,' and .that if any ?work has to be done, ''twere well done 'twere done quickly,' In about eight ?weeks the session will terminate, and unless the slaughter of the innocents 4O IAS UU Ull U DUU1U I/11UU DUUU VmU~JUl.UA.UU Herod, the- serious business of legislation must be gone on with and .the loquaoity of honourable members severely curbed. In pursuance no .doubt, of this feeling, the Counoil, after a two nights' debate, passed the second reading of the Land Bill, and allowed one or two unimportant bills to be placed on the Statute book, almost without discussion. When the Railway Bill is sent up, thoTTpper Houso desire to be able to devote their entire attention to the question of questions. And as it has been proposed that evidence in regard to the necessity of some of .the proposed lines shall be taken at the bar, the period at their disposal before the. recess is quite short enough. ... The new propositions of tho Government, made in deference to the generally . ex pressed wish of honourable members on both sides of the Assembly, ?wore, accord ing to promise, submitted on Wednesday. As predicted in last week's Echoes, nearly all the lines originally included in Mr. Bent's Bill of 1882, and omitted from the present measure,;haye boon- restored, and the member for Brighton made happy. The omissions are unimportant, . and consist of the proposed line between Sand ridge and the Yarra mouth — a useless piece of work insorted by Mr. Bent to placate the member for Williamstown,,and the' railways into the Gippslahd mountains; .?which were neither 'political' nor 'politic' linesj and could, owing to the insurpassable engineering difficulties attaching to their construction, never have advanced beyond the ' paper' stage. But although the concessions of. the Govern ment are large, there are still some dis satisfied claimants. The mileage has been increased from 927 to 1120, . and yet, emu-, lating .Oliver Twist, the people's repre sentatives are asking 'for more.' These gentlemen have evidently never heard, or entirely ignore the French, proverb that sveia',' ' La plus joliefilla dw'monde nepeut dpnner gue ce qu'elle. a.' . The Government; despite the fact 'that they ^aro, willing to borrow five millions, instead of four as at first intended, have had to put its foot down. ??-: The : additions proposdd to the original scheme comprised 870 miles ''of line. The Government have conceded 198. ? The light and airy manner in which the Bail way Bill ib being treated is worthy of note. In less than two hours' forty-nine railways were passed, and the expenditure of four millions of money authorised by the Assembly. Had these millions— like the historical ones of Colonel Smith— only needed extraction from the boots of the gallant' officer, and not a financial operation on t°e .London Stock .Exchange, they could not have been more jauntily disposed of.?. -Indeed, some of the legislators appear to, 'have' partly realised this fact, for Professor Pearson, who is the Cassandra of the House, inveighed against the indecent haste of the ' Assembly, and enquired of ' Mistah Spekah ' if it would not seriously damage the ' charactah ' of the colony when it became known, that forty-nine railways, costing four millions of money, had been decided upon iu a few minutes, and amidst shouts of ' laughtab. ' the only members who did not join in the general hilarfcy wereMessrs. A. T. Clark, Mason, M'Cqll, and Mackay. The promoters of the 'Great Octopus Extended.' have every reason to be proud of the success . that has crowned their efforts . in floating . their venture.' Mr. Bent's 'Great Octopus' was a success in its way; but it is fairly eclipsed by Mr. Gillies's, who gives all the old promoters promised, and some 200 miles more into the bargain. ?? x '.. . There . are persons so singularly ignorant of human nature — that is in its political 'aspect — as to hope that the;Councilinits wisdom will see fit to amend the schedule of the Railway Construction ..Bill by strik ing out a number of the lines passed, by the Lower House, and thus not pledge the country. for some eight or nine years to ? come. But self-preservation is said to be \ ithe' first law of nature, and most of our senators have too lively 'a sense of what is ' t due to their own interests' to risk their seats by adopting any course, however patriotic. The days have gone by when it was the fashion to believe in the maxim, Dulce el deborum est pro patriA mori. ' Nbw-a-days politicians prefer to live, otu their country to dying /or it. . v ' ? Our present Governor, unlike his pred e cessor, has no estates ' out at nurse,'. and: is not, therefore, under the necessity of i practising' the , e'conojm'es c?e bouts de chandellcs that made the Marquis of Nor inariby such a poor Amphytrion. He is not troubled by the res augustd donii that kept the portals of the ball-room at Government House under tho regime recently terminated, as closely barred as the Temple of Janus . during the time of peace. Invitations have been issued for a ball on the 5th November — which is this year to be sacred to the gay instead of the Guy, and for a lawn party on a very extensive scale on the 29th inst. Sir Henry and Lady Loch appear to realise that vice-royalty has its duties as well as its privileges, and are not desirous of keep ing all the beer and skittles of life to their own share. The Chief Justice, Sir William Stawell, has returned from his health-seeking trip /' ' to New South Wales, but is not sufficiently restored to be able to resume work. As always happens. before a new Supreme Court Judge is placed on the bench, there is at pr«eent much talk about their Honors be ing overworked. The new Judicature Act which was to set legal matters right, has not, up to the present, proved the success its authors hoped, although it would be unfair to condemn it as a failure after the very. short trial it has had. But straws proverbially show the way tho wind blows, and tho rumours anent the appoint ment of another judge— even if Sir William Stawoll does not retire — are indicative of what will in all probability happen. It is pretty safe to prophesy that during the next . Parliamentary recess Mr. Service's Government will lose tho Attorney General. Mr. Kerferd, in whose gift the ermino is, will bestowMt upon himself. The accession of the member for Beech worth to the Supreme Court Bench will bo an apt illustration of the saying that 'everything comes at last to him who waits. ' John Briscoe Kerford has waited patiently for at least fifteen years. Once or twice he. has beon near tho attainment of his desires; but there has always beon a hitch in the arrangements. Now there is very little likelihood of there being any slip '''twixt cup' and lip.' Despite the exertions of his legal ad visers, and his . advocates in Parliament, O'Brien, who shot a farmer who had bought some land of which he hod been dispossessed by tho Bank, has expiated his crime on tha Iscaffold. The Government wore strongly- pressed to reprieve the criminal, against whom the evidence was entirely circumstantial. But they wisely opined that in. this caso it was right to allow the law to' take its course. The murder of- M'Ainsh is tho first agrarian outrage that has been perpetrated in the colony, and the Ministry have done well to let people know that it ib not their desire to. see the habits, and customs of' sweet Tipperary^' imported into Victoria. , The enquiry by a Royal Commission into the 'management of the .Lunatic Asylums of the colony is not taking place a day too soon. Only some dozen witnesses havb up to the present been examined, but their evidence is quite sufficient to show that a most disgraceful - system ? has been in ex istence for years, and that' many of the horrors of the 'mad house' of a past generation still attach to the Government institutions for the relief of the insane in Victoria. Persons are incarcerated whose sanity' is ' unquestionable. Acts of the grossest cruelty, in some cases resulting in the, death of, tho unhappy patients, are perpetrated ; the. duties of warden often allowed to be discharged by insano people, while the officials 'take French leave/' and the food prepared for the unfortunate inmates of a kind at which, in the words of one of the witnesses, 'a. pig would turn up its pose.' Indeed, in rospeet.to the coffee, which is so bad that there are 'several bags lying unused in the wards,' Mr. Blackett, a well-known analytical chemist, and late member of the Assembly for the district of Fitzroy, stated1 that it was ' the vilest compound he had ever examined.' The whole of the evils are distinctly trace able to political influence. . :The officials of the Kew and Yarra Bend establishments command nearly a hundred votes in the small electorate of Boroondara, and are thus able to turn any' election; and they openly boast of theirability to return 'who they like;'', 'Public- feeling is now, however, fairly roused, and ore long the besom , of ' reform will , be vigorously at work., Compared with the: Victorian lunatic asylums, the famed Aujean stables must have been- models of cleanliness and good management., '-;;'1 ;' ; ???'' 