FORTUNE TELLING AND FORTUNE TELLERS. Br A Bohemian. Although Australian history is only just be igitmingto dawn,aadwearoasyefc without oither itho folk lore or the time honored traditions of >lder countries, wo are not entirely untainted by the spots which blemish civilised lifo among thohistoric nations. If Europe has Us ghost?,, (its gipsy and legendary stories, fate has not left the colonies without compensating con&idera-; ."ijons, taking .the form of marvellous snako stones, tales of gold hunters and adventures of fortune tellers. Indeed, in that moat fan- tastio of all of Bulwer Lytton's fantastic romances, A Strange A Australia is credited 'with possessing the true ingredients necessary for concocting the elixir of life. Headers of diction will remember that the chapter describ ing the manufactoringof this healthful beverage .is laid in the Australian bush, of which a wild pud altogether fanciful sketch is given. AVc are therefore notso badly off after all, and in fact cut jqinte a respectable figure in the Mysterious and the Balderdash, This is even nioro apparent by the flourishing business done "by fortune tellers, who will conjure up to you a bit of your past life, and also pretend to let you get a glimpse into futurity at vary ing prices, ranging from fid. up to 10?. The thing is done in a most matter- of- fact way; and yon can consult theso oracles and ascertain the unknown with as much ease as you can buy 2d. worth of fcoap. How those old seers who burn the 3', midnight oil" and consecrate their giant intellects to searching after Truth must bu deluded, if the fortune teller can read fate by the simple aid of playing cards ! These latter gentry would make the unthinking believe that there is more in the shuffle of cards than is, dreamt of in our every day philosophy. This opens out a great futuro for cards, little thought of by their inventor. But then it is an old .saying amongst gamblers that "the cards beat the devil and their maker/' Cards havo a now history, being a very modorn kind of toy - invented for the amusement of the human race, and no other purely human in vention has such a long train of unapoakablo ovils. I suppose that is why the " unco guid " insist upon -the devil having bad a baud in 'dealing out the first pack. \ With an idle day at command, a boundless Curiosity, and a grain of QuixotUm in me, 1 determined to visit the homes of the different fortune tellers in Melbourne and suburbs, in order to consult them, if not about a better land, at all events to snake myself more familiar with the one I ana now living in. With tfie unselfishness of my mind, I now lay before the pubiio -the muterial which cost mo a good deal of time and inconvenience to collect- There are about twenty "oracles" to bo con. suited about the future in and around Melbourne. 'My visit did not umbraco the lot, for one very good reason, viz., because some of .the. weird sisters aro invisible to the pryiug eyes of doubting, unbelieving man. As in the days when Macbeth dropped across the "filthy midnight hags" on the blasted heath, their oracular descendants of to-day oro still women. It will be seen, therefore, that the modern spirit which cries "death to monopolies" has not touched this calling, and that from this branch of lucrative employment a large portion of humanity is still shut out. The house is which your modern oracle lives Is always situated in some out of the way btfeet ; some lowly neighborhood iu which the traffic is not great, and over which a kind of : drowBinesshangs for tbewholoof every twenty four hours. Vou kuow the house either by Seeing a modest card iu the window bearing the name of " Madame SoiLubody"-— gener ally a foreign namo — or the uncanny look of jthe house itself, with all its blinds down, and no sigu of life. Tho advent of a stranger in broad daylight is an epoch in the neighbor hood. I paid most of my visits while tho sun was up, and attracted so much attention that at last I began to feel uncomfortable, and, if I did not look a guilty creature, at all events my imagination painted my otherwiso serene coun tenance in the liveliest colors of depravity. 2?o leas surprised seemed the ' oracles," and it was evidently not on tho cards that " a stran ger" would come to the house that day. So far as possiblo my visits were paid to tho Vepreseutativo oracles of each suburb. Thus, at St. Kiida, a black woman, hideous alike in dress and facial expression, holds the secrets of fate in her itching palxu, This " colored lady" is, I am told, much consulted by car- riago people. Me sbo would not see, pro bably because I was dust stained and did not look fat and easy going enough to bo wheedled out of a sufficient quantity of " mint sauce," as Mantalini puts it. However, I would have liked to havo looked more like a goose for tho occasion, because I am told that tins artist Works upon elaborate lines, such as having a d&rkonod; room, hung with odd looking drapery, and likewise some fantastic ap pliances used for depositing tho cards iu, to bo well mixed before the master mind takes them up to read. The commoner method is to give the cards to tho perton who wants to pluck untimely secrets from futurity's womb to shuffle. " You do that well," said one of the women to whom every- thing is supposed to be known, as I was shuffl ing a not over cloan pack of cards. " I have such trouble with ladies. They won't shuffle the cards enough, and are so awkward about it." Thus complimented for my dexterity, I con f eased to having seen cards before. " Then you have faith iu them," said the oracle. "Well," I replied, "I have, if spades aro trumps and I hold a baud full of them." Aud thereupon- the "oracle'' shot a reproving glance at me from her blue eyei. Fr&bran; is distinguished by having a Ger manic sister presiding over the xnyBtic card table, at which only " ladies " are permitted to play. Richmond has two of tho sisterhood, . one of whom bears a most pronounced Jewish name, and the other an equally pro nounced Breach ouc. But I took tho one to be a coinely looking Englishwoman, and the other a daughter of Eriu. At Pitzroy I found a matronly looking woman, who greeted me with much geniality and some affa bility, which even went' so far as to tell me that she was a " little bit out of breath, as I have just had a bout at that good old English game of battledore and shuttlecock/ which I was very fond of when a little girl." That was probably many, many years ago, and a sad light camc.into luy eyes as I looked at her grey hairs, to which I always feel inclined to pay respect; but it seemed such a mockery to do so in this case, when tho woman was trading upon my seeming want of brains. South Melbourne has Other 'kinds of artists, who do nob receive visits from clients, but are consulted by letter, in which you have to state tho color of your eyes, when you Were born, age, and enclose samples of your hair, of course not forgetting Is. fid. worth of postage 6tamps if you are a female aod 2s. Gd. if you ore a male, because \- without the eternal dollar, or its equivalent, the oracle can't be got to open its mouth. At Hotham there are two " revealers of the future," but one of them is so miserably boused that I was afraid to enter the abode, aud the other is " away on her holidays so a rosy, biuck-eyed wench told me. At this latter place I had promised myself some amusement, as the " oracle " is evidently iu a flourishing way; her establishment has a cosy look, and the two stories of her house had &u; outward comfortableness that indicated the owner to have " worked tho oracle " on her own account to some purpose. Besides, her herald, assistant, menial fair, or in whatever ether relation the aforesaid block-eycd wench stood to "Madame," had the merriest eyoa aud pl&asant;&sb; face I have seen for days, and if she Is training for the "business" I predict . a success for her, if she will only smile upon her dupes. But so far as I am personally con cemed, not being a female, I have no further ' ntertet in her. " Madame doesn't see gentle- men," sho aaid to me, in reply to a query when I should call again; " Now, don't you think that ratber hard? Why should sho deny to gentlemen peeps into futurity 5" I replied, just to prolong tho pleasure of watching her smiling face. My Goiicitudo and assumed earnestness of manner appeared to tickle her fancy, and I suspect she waa ready to bubble over with laughter at mo for a simpleton, but eaid, instead, " Oh ! I don't know. I suppose she ' has some good reason." "To bo sure, my child, ! but madame must be a very wiso woman, and j she should be considerate to ua poor men, who i can't seo so far through a brick wall as she j can. Now, can't you tell me when madame will be back," said I, and nioro to tho same effect. But tho black-eycd wench only 6tood looking at me with a mora comical look than ever, and at last made me collapse by exclaim ing, <% You are funny." Now, as I don't pride myself upon my humor, I was nonplussed, and retreated hastily with my beat grace. Carlton is the hauutof tho "old original giry." who not only dips into the future, but also embraces all the tenses in her diviu ationa. In a very ua-gipsy like way this old gipsy refused to have her, baud crossed with cither silver or gold. " Well sir, my husband objects to ine receiving gentle men. I'm sorry I can't oblige you," she re marked. 44 Ob, pray don't mention it," I said, effusively; 41 I'm euro the loss will all bo on my s!de," and I slowly passed down the trimly kept little front garden, and doubled down tiiu corner of the next street, leaving the stout little old gipsy still, standing, arms akimbo, under the doorway of her small weatherboard cottage, gazing after me. It is now my intoution to say a few words about tho 44 prophetic greeting" which awaited me from the several fortune tellers who did not . object to hold a card party with a son oi Adam, uud tako his coiu. Their methods of telling your fortune aro all pretty 'much alike. They humbug you with cards, some with a largo number bearing curiousdo vices, others with about thirty out of au ordinary pack. You havo to do a great deal of shuffling and cutting ; soma insisting upon the latter important operation being performed with your right hand, others with your left. As IUiavc already hiuted, the artists ore all women, some of thorn young, more than half of them matronly iu appearance, and all of them possessed of sham, penetratiug eyes, which they freely play upon your face. They chat continuously while you arc seated on ouc aide of a small tablo and the "'oracle " ou the other. 1 will only give two typical inter views, as there is a great similarity in them. As they say iu tho charades, " My first was a blonde." To my timid knock at her door au untidy littlo maid showed me into a small front room of a cottage which was wot over furnished. Three wooden chairs, a deal table and a " shake down" were tho only things that struck my eye. The per son who was to read tho future for mc pre sently appeared with a pack of cards iu lier band. Slie was neatly dressed, wore a marriage ring and a Zulu fringo. After stating my desiro to know the unknown, aud settling for alls, fee to have that privilege, I was asked to shuffle tho cards. Then "madamo" ex plained that she did not read tho cards for gentlemen as a rule. Was I recommended V Did I belicvo iu falo ? and so forth. Pre sently tho cards urero spread out in rows, nine in a row, except o ne, which had twelve. Then followed much counting backwards and for wards, from top to .bottom, from side to top ; in short, after her second linger had many times touched and Retouched every card, tho "oracle" began to speak about a 45 change" and a 44 dieappointmeuc to the house 44 a dark and a fair woman," the\ latter apparently being a rogul&r; trump ; 41 a journey" to bo mado soon, and a 44 letter with news," The latter business was decidedly masterly. It would be a sorry letter that did not contain some news. I was amused at all ; theso ambiguous ut terances, and therefore, « in tho next rubber, shuffled .the cards with a hearty good will ; but all the fun of the thing was destroyed by the oracle libelling mo. She said I was 44 unjust to both tho fair and dark woman," and cold to the sex ; that I would shed tears, and a 44 dark man" would give inc some trouble, and much more to tbo samo saddening effect ; so that when tho third deal camo round I wa3 quite disconcerted, not exactly knowing whether to rcscut tho imputations with which.I had been assailed in my teudcrest place, niunely, my chivalrous regard for womanhood. Iu tho midst of my perplexities I was asked to wish. I didn't wish for anything, and the "oraolc" said I would be disappointed in my wish, a state ment which put mo in capital butuur again. I bad had ouough of tho farce, and therefore began to put some questions to the "oracle" as to how sho picked up all this wonderful rubbish. 44 A French lady taught me," she said. " I can read the cards better to ladies than to gentlemen." 44 Tho cards are read like a book." "They luivo told mo true about inyselaV' "When the game was over sho said, 4i Now toll me, what did you come to seo mo for? Did anyone recommend me?" I pleaded curiosity, aud an inquiring turn of mind. . "And just to too what I wm like," said the' "oracle." Before I had time to reply a tapping; at tho door brought in the littlo maid with my change, as I had not the exact amount of tho " fee " about mc iu silver, and I availed myself of this break in the spell to re tire, under half a promise that I would come again, and say ti my " wish" had been a real disappointment- to mc. My second typical seance was with a totally different stamp of artist. She was older, stouter, but brisker than any of the others. Her cot tage is small, butexcecdingly cosy looking. The room mto which I was shown hud a number of caue bottom chairs, two rocking chairs, a sofa, and all the ordinary furniture of an artisan's homo. Children's voices, sounding as if at play, reached my ears from an adjoining room. I at once adopted tho candid in this case, aud said I camo mainly out of curiosity. 41 Curiositytor no is all tho same to me. My fee is 5s. Thank you. Now tako that chair, aud shuffle tho earth." This business pleased me, and I obeyed. Fault was found with my not having half shuffled tho cards. At last tho book of fate was fluttered by the .oraclu, who said, "Ah, you're married." X answered I was still a glorious bachelor. "Then you will soon be married," said the oiacle, with tho utmost composure. 44 Yes, tltere is a woman neither fair nor dark, ,She is not near you now, but will be soon. You will marry her. If money is the height of ' your ambition you will be satisfied. She will hawc any amount of raoaey." In this strain co ntinued the rcvenler of the future, and for thu small charge of 5s. was makingme as rich as an old Jew. Then sho struck out on a new tack. 44 Mou have travelled. You will travel more. There Is a long journey before you. You vail make a change soon on account of a dark mau. You will have paper business with a fair man. Thurcwiil ho law, but whatever you havetodo with the fair man will be to your profit." I am auxiously waiting for that fair man to turn up, bciag rather down in my luck just now, aud I ; thought so at tho time, when tho oracle ab ruptly asked me, 44 What relations have you to> drink?" Surely this is a poser even for a Philadelphia lawyer. Local option and other problems occurred to me, but I disclaimed any kinship with spirits either liquid or aerial. "Then you soon will have," said the oracle. 44 You will have some trouble, and a letter from a far country which will give you a gneat surprise. A near relation will die fioou but you will havo threat success here after" If this is the kind of stuff that is to be crowded into my future, thought I, then all life will bo beer and 'skittles for me. In the midst of my ponderings the cracle shut np the cards which she had laid round in the form of half a moos, and bade me shuffle them sod wish. Now, for the life of me, I couldn't think of anything to wish for at that moment. I had just been told of marrying a disgustingly rich wife within a twelve month, of making a journey to tho old world, and of nothing but success in after life. What more could I want ? Yes, there was one thing. The shades of evening were falling fast, and I thought of my dinner. I wished (to myself of course) for boiled fowl aud green peas for my chief meal. I was fed on the hope of getting my wish, but upon reaching home found the cook had struck, and that there was no | dinner but such as could be made off Swiss chccso and oatmeal biscuits, washed down i with claret. My hands were also examined, ! and after their shapeliness had been praised, the palms confirmed the previous whisperings of fate, viz., that I was soon to bo married to money bags and would end my days in smiling plenty, dying outside of Australia, If I waited to hear more fiction I frit it would bo contributory criminality on ray part, and 1 therefore thanked my entertaiuer for having humbugged mc so successfully, and hastened away. If tho experiences which I have set down will lift the veil from thosa deluded people who throw away their money tryiog to unravel the deep mysteries of futurity, my object will have been gained. No reasonable or sane per son will, if ho takes an old fellow's advice, waste time or money in consulting "oracles," who are after all but pernicious amusement for heads with tho smallest amount of brains in them. 