©iivtihol . All Miqhts Reserved. VIOLET MAYLAjS'D. Chapter XXVI. continued. Bv FKAXK LYXK. "Perhaps it might have implicated some one else," said Violet quietly. • " Most likely," was the equally quiet answer, " but still his sister ought to have been his first thought," and Mr. May's tone grew alightly impatient as he finished speaking. • ' He is dead," said Violet softly. She had forgiven him and wished. everybody else to do the s^me. . • /-• . . " True, I was forgetting, but still X cannot help thinking it all the same. Kb.W Violet, I am not going to say anymore up'm the, subject. Pairs says you must leave ,Ratb as Soon as possible, somehow it has got about that you are in the city, and therefore are liable to arrest at any momeut.'V " ' " Had it not better come, and if this evidence is as conclusive as I exjject it is, and Bob's and Captain Temple's iotters lead one to this conclusion, I shall be cleared from all and tie once again free to go where 1 wish, instead of this wearisome constranl ?" i *' But we cannot tell that. You are not to open the packet until you are arrested and then it may not prove ; all that we expect." "Perhaps not, but where is Mr. Fairs?" - "He left some time ago, Was called aray by a message. He urged your leaving very strongly.", " But he did not know of this packet." " No, however lie said he should return as soon as possible, and until he does so you had better not do any thiug rash." "No, I will wait, but wheu one sees freedom just before one, it is rather a difficult thing to do, and not to make the step that would secure the prize." " If the step was clear I should at once counsel your taking it, but present, Violet, you must wait. It will be only a short time now before you are free." " How glad"I am, I did not know how dear liberty was to me until it was lost,, but perhaps it is lite a will o* the wisp that will flash awiiy as soon as I near ' / '' " I hope not, but now you may return to Elsie if you like, I will send for vou when Fairs comes. Bye the bye when are you going to write to Temple P." " This evening, I wish to send him the inscription for the tablet as soon I can." "What will it be?" "I have hardly decided, something very simple." ... " That is right, but this Ooie, who is it Bob referred to ?" "Myself." "You?" . . , j-"" ". Yes, when we were very little" "I could not speak plainly, and used to call myself Ooie, both Bob and Dick called me by tli. name until I began, to grow up. and Auntie Would not-all«w them to call me by it any longer. Bob used the pet name however until after I came back from Spain. I had forgotton tinname when Bob's letter recalled it fo) my mind again. , It is .strange he should have remembered it." "Not very. "The dying" often recall the past, especially incidents of their childhood. But I liad no idea there was auy love lost between yourself and Bob." " I do not remember when I was very young, then afterwards he was at school, but when I returned from Spain, he was very fond of me, always wanting to do things for me. "but he was so rough in many ways, and could not bear to hear about ghosts or evra enter the haunted rooms. that we were utterly ununited for conipaiiibiiship aod thefriendfeliipidid not last long. Then Bob grew sullen and ill-tempered, so we all imegined he did not care for me,, and yet this could not have been the ease." '• " You will lea vet he letter with me, .it, is necessary that I should show some part of it to Fairs." ' ' " Very well Papa, only do not lose it as I wish to keep it." Violet rose as she spoke and leaving the room returned to. Elsie. • , • -: ; , -*" : Taking up a book of Longfellow's poems, she read to Elsie for some time, until in fact the falling shadows made It' impossible for her to see the words. , She had however hardly closed ,the book, when a servant entered with a message saying that Mr May wished to see : Lady, Knight at once. .. ; Rising quickly, Violet hastened down to her father, and found as she expected that Fairs was there, i The room .was all in the twilight, only dimly lighted by thft! blazing fire so that, she could- riot distinguish who else was in the room, th jugh she could make out" the dim outline^ of another person. However^ as, nothing was said to enlighten her as to wh<5 it was, she passed quietly across the room and seated herself in an armchair- near the fire. To be continued\ 