FISHER'S GHOST Mr G. W. Rusden in the second volume of his " History of Australia,'' writes :— A case which was tried in 1827 was seriously considered in every household in the colony (N. S. W.);and perhaps deserves to be chronicled. Frederick Fisher, an emancipist, lived at Camp- bell Town in the same house with George Worrell. In July 1826, Fisher's sudden dis- appearance was made known. No inquiry was instituted, and it was suggested that as the man had only a conditional pardon, not available in England, he had gone there clandestinely, as other men were known to have gone. About ten days after he had disappeared Worrell assumed possession of all Fisher's property, and in various ways hinted that Fisher had left the colony. He sold Fisher's horses, and received money due to Fisher from neighbours. One of the witnesses, Samuel Hopkins, swore that no inquiry at all was "set on foot about Fisher's disappearance." A terrified man, named Farley, startled the neighbourhood by declaring, in October 1826, that he had seen Fisher's ghost on a fence at the corner of a paddock that had belonged to Fisher, and about fifty yards from Worrell's house. His story was told to a magistrate. A constable was sent for. Two native blacks assisted in the search. Blood was on the rail where Farley saw, or thought he saw, the ghost. In the direction in which the vision had pointed, the black, Gilbert (according to the constable's evidence), went into a water hole (or pool), "and took a cornstalk, which he passed over the surface of the water, and put it to his nose, and said he 'smelt the fat of a white man.' The blacks led the constable up the creek till they came to another creek, "and went up that for about forty rods, when a black man put a rod into the ground and said, 'there's something here.'" There a body was found, and was identified as Fisher'. Worrell was apprehended, and at first endeavoured to throw the crime upon four men living on his farm. At the trial no evidence was admitted as to the vision seen by Farley ; but it is impossible for men, even when charged by a Judge, to ex- clude from their minds what seems to them portentous. The seizure of Fisher's property, however, by Worrell; the finding on land in his occupancy of the dead body of the man who, according to Worrell's statements, had gone away ; the conflicting tales he told after the body was found ; were, perhaps, circumstantial enough. Worrell was found guilty, confessed his crime, and was hanged on the 5th February. 1827, three days after conviction. The story has often been told erroneously, and has been woven into fiction. These facts are compiled from the notes of Chief Justice Forbes, who presided at the trial: with the exception of the references to the apparition, which, although it lead to the search for Fisher's body, could not be alluded to in a Court of Justice, nor be ad- duced as evidence. Nothing was ever elicted to account for the vision which Farley described, or to suggest that he previously suspected foul play on the part of Worrell or others. The Campbell Town ghost-story, like all others, was garbled in narration. I have corrected current rumours by comparison with the words of a trustworthy informant, a medical man, who lived long in the neighbourhood, and attended Farley on his death-bed. He often conversed with Farley on the subject of the vision which scared him. 