Fisher's Ghost. AN OLD SOUTH WALES TRAGEDY. {By John Lang.] CHAPTER 1. IT was a winter's night - an Australian yinter'g nigfat—in tt^roiddQe of Jnly, *hen. two irnaliiyfjinffoni, in -At -district «f Penritl^ lfBir 8 over the lire of a pnblic. henae, whidi TO about a mQe diafiuii rjBron flieir htHnas. SQie tmmo of me was John f^fiher, andcl tbeothBr, Edward Smitii. Both of the farmers had been ^transported to the Colony; had eerredd^r ;ib pxtwpffled. ISahor had die veptitetion of being poaseoed of a considerable m i^^^yjttwgy ; and it was wallcnown mat ~he tie uoortgngee raal booeS ia^ the townof Sydnerr,- o eeSes i&ig; trf a Jarm of me hundred aaea^ vhich vas Veiy lived. ces, ons on ' ' _ jw neighbour, be put by much rnoney. ; ^ Why don't yon'go home, John, and see your friends and relations ? " asked Smith; "you be now very warm in the pocket; and, mark 4ny IFOTAB, they would be very glad to see yon." " I don't know about that friend," replied Fisher* "When I got into trouble, it was the breaking of tbe heart of my old father and mother; and none of my brothers and sisters— in all seven of 'em—have ever answered one of my letters." " Yon didn't tell them that you were a rich man did yon?" "No; but I don't think they would heed that much, lad; for though they are far from wealthy, as small farmers, they are well to do in the world, and in a very respectable position in that country. I have often thought that if I was to go back, they would be sorry to see me, even if I carried with me £100,000, earned by one who had been a convict." "Bless your innocent heart! you don't know human nature as I do. Money does a deal—depend on it. Besides, who is to know anything abont yon, except your own family? and they would never go and hint that you had been unfortunate. Why, how many years ago is it?" " Let me see. I was then eighteen, and I am now forty-six—twenty-eight years ago. When I threw that stone at that man, I little thought it would hit him, much less kill; and that I should be sent here for manslaughter. But BO it was." " Why, I recommend you, John, to go home, is because you are always talking of home and your relations. As for the farm, I'll manage that for 1 yon while you are sway. " " Thank yon, Ned. I'll think about it." Presently the landlord entered the room, and Smith, addressing him, said, " What think yon, Mr. Dean? Here ifi Mr. Fisher going home to England to have a look at his friends and relations." " Ifi that true, Mr. Fisher? " the landlord. "Oh, yes," was Mr. Fisher's reply, after finishing his glass pf punch and knocking the ashes oat of his pipe. " And when do you think of going ? " said the landlord. "That'll depend," replied Fisher, smiling. " When I'm gone you'll hear of it, not before; and neighbour Smith here, who is to manage the farm during my absence, will come and pay you any little score I may leave behind." "But I hope you will come and say good-bye," said the landlord "Of course," said FiBher, laughing. "If I "don't, depend upbn it you will hear the reason why." ' After a brief while the farragos took; their departure. Their jams adjoined each other, and they were always on the best of terms. . f •. _ Abont six weeks after die conversa tion aboye given,, 8znith called one morning at the public-house, informed thefcbdhnd &ai; Either had gone, and offered to pay any liltle sum that he owed. There was s> small score against him; and while taking the money the landlord remarked that he was sorry Mr. Fisher had not kept his word, and come to bid him "goad-by$." Mr. Smith explained that Mr. Fish or had very good reasons for having. his departure kept a secret until after he had left the colony; nottbat he wanted to defraud anyone, far from it, he added; and then darkly hinted that one of Mr. Fisher's principal reasons for going o2 ly was to prevent being annoyed by a woman who wanted him to many her. "Ah! I.see," said the landlord. " and that's what he must have meant that night when .he-said'If I don't you'll hear the reason why. " I fed the loss of his society very much," said Smith, " for when we diil not come -here together - to spend the evening, he would come to my house, or I would go to his, to play cards, to smoke a pipe, end drink a glass of grog. Having taken charge of all his affairs, under a power of attorney, I have gone to live at his place, and left my overseer in charge of toy own place. When he comes back, in the course of a couple of yeara, I am going home to England, and he will do for me what am now doing for him. Between our* selves, Mr. Bean, lie has gone home to get a wife." "Indeed! "said the landlord. Hero the conversation ended, and Smith went home. some surprise throughout the district, but :when the explanation- afforded by Mr. Smith was spread abroad J>y Mr. Dean, the landlord, people ceased to think any mace about die matter. ' A year elapsed, and Mr. Smith gave out that he had received a letter from Fisher, in which he itated that , it was not his intention to return to Sydney; and~that he- wished.the wiiole .of his property aold, end the proceeds remitted to him. This letter Smith showed to wrenl of Fisher's most intimate acquaintances, who regretted extremely that they would see no more .of so good Acting on ,the power of attorney which he held, " Mr. "Smith advertised the property for sale; the farm, the furniture, ete, in the farmhouse/ also eome cottages and pieces of land in and near Sydney and Pamnnatta; -with fisher's mortgagors, also he caste to pi agreement for the repayment, with-, m a months > of the atons due by Abou^a month' previous to "the Hay f sale an old man, one David War, Hip fumed a small piece of land in the ?enrtih-ro&d;, and who took every week a m heskwe , form"of Mr.' but the It was vtSy dark,' and the face were as plainly visible as possible. The old man, who was not drunk, though he had been drinking at Dean's publichouse, pulled up and called out, " Halloa, Mr. Fisher! I thought you were at home in England ?" There was no reply, and the old man/ who was impatient to get home, as was his horse, loosed the reinB and proceeded on his journey. " Mother," said old Weir to his wife, while Bhe was helping him off with 'his old top-coat, " I've seen either Mr, Fisher or his ghost." " Nonsense!" cried the old woman " jou could not have seen Mr. Fisher, for he is in Old England; and as for spirits, you never see any without drinking them; and you are full of 'em now." ~ " Do you mean to say I am drunk, mother?" " No; but you have some liquor on board." " Tes; but I can see, and hear, and understand, and know what I about." " Well, then, have your supper and go to bed; and take my advice and say nothing to anybody about this ghost, or you wUl only get laughed at for your pains. Ghostessess, indeed! at your age to take on about such things, after swearing all your life you never believed in them." " But I tell yon I saw him as plain as plain could be; just as we used to see him sitting sometimes when the day was warm, and he had been round looking at his fences to see that they were all right." " Tes, veiy well; tell me all about it to-morrow," said the old woman. "As I was up before daylight, and it is now nearly midnight, I feel too tired to listen to a story about a ghost. Have you fold everything well ?" " Yes; and brought back all the money safe. Here it is." Hie old man handed4he bag over to his partner, and retired to his bed; not to rest, however, for the vision had made so great an impression upon his mind he could not help thinking of it, and lay awake till daylight, when he arose, as did his - wife, to go through the ordinary avocations of the day. After he had milked the cows, and 'brought the filled puis into the dairy, where the old woman was churning, she said to him— "Well, David, what about the ghost?" "I tell you I seed it," stud the old man; " and there be no call for you to laugh at me. If Mr. Fisher be not gone away—and I don't think he would have done sowithbut poming to saygoodjbyito life—Bll make a talk of this. ~H1 •go and tell Sir John/and Dr. Mackenzie, and Mr. 0ox, 5n3 old parson Fulton, and everybody else in the commissioiiii. ; of the T will, as I am a lmng man! What should take Fisher to England ? ^England would be no home for him after being so many years in this country; and, what'B .more, he has told me as much many a time." " Well, .and so he has told me, David, liut then, yoa know, people will alter their minds, and you heard what Mr. Smith said about that woman?"' "Tes; but I don't believe Smith, never had a good opinion of that man, for he could never look me straight in the face, and he is too oily a character to please me. If, as I tell yon, Mr. Fisher is not alive in this country, then that was his ghost that I saw, and he has been murdered." . " Be careful, David, what you say; and whatever you do, don't offend Mr. Smith. Eemember he is a rich man, and you are a poor one; and if you say a word to his discredit, lie may take the law of you, and make you pay for it; and that would be a pretty business for people who are striving to lay by just 'enough to keep them when they are no longer able to work." "There's been foul play, I tell you, old woman. I am certain of itfl "But that'can't he proved by your saying that you saw aghost lotting on a fall, when you weie coming home from market none the better for. what you drank npon the road. -And if Mr. Fisher ahonld be still alive in England —and you know that letters have, been lately received from, him—what a precious fool youwoold look!" "Well, perhaps you are right But when I tellyou that I . saw either Mr. Kshniirhis giuistaitt^oii tiu^ rail, don't laugh at me, because yoa will make me angry." \- " Well, I won't laugh'at you, though it must have been your fancy, old man. Whereabouts was it you ^w, or thought you saw him ? " . ''Ton know the cross fenoe that divides Fisher's land from Smith'i near the old bridge, at the bottom of lion Gang Hill ?'' II YJJ." "Well, It was there; I'll tell you what he was dressed in. "You know that old Jnatian coat, with the brass bnttonB, and the corduroy waistoc&t; and trousers, and that red sQk "bandanna handkerchief that he used to tie round his neck P" " Taa." "Well, that's how?he was dressed. His straw hat he held in hiB left hand, and his right arm was resting on one of the posts. I was about ton or eleven yards fiom him, for the toad is broad ust there, and the fence stands weld MK&." . . . . . . An^you called him, you eay ? Y^out he did. not answer. If the horse had not been so fidgety, I'd have got down and gone pp to him." "And 'then-yoa -wonld have found out thatit was allsmoke." " Say that again, and you' will pot ieinip'a>]itasum." . fEheold woman held her tongue, aitd suffered old Da«d to talk aH that day, nd the^ext, about the ghost, without aking any remark whoever. m l t C s aay-j'W loaded his way to the A'us- True to his word with his wife, he did not mention to a soul one syllabla touching the ghost. Haing disposed of his butter, eggs, poultry, and maize, the old man left Sydney at four p.m., and at half-past ten arrived at Dean's publichouse. He had travelled in that space of time thirty miles, and was now about eight or nine from home. As was his wont, he here baited the horse ^bjit declined taking any refreshtoenfcfaimself/thoiigh pressed to do so by'ttevtiraltraveUtts who wanted to " treat" him. During the whole day he had been remarkably abstemious. At a quarter to twelve the old man re-harnessed his jaded horse, and was' about to resume his journey when ; -t«ttO s men, who were going to Penrith,- asfed - him for " a lift." / _ " Jump up, my lads," said otil . and off they were driven at la walk. One of the men in the O^ was: a ticket of- leave man, in the employ pi Mr. Cox, and had been to £ydnfey t(f attend "Muster." The other was a newly appointed constable of the district. Both of these men lived fur Beveral years in the vicinity of Penrith, and knew by sight all the inhabitants, male and female, free and bond. - When they neared the spot where the old man had seen the apparition, he walked the horse as slowly as possible, and again beheld the figure of Air. Fisher, seated npon the upper rail of the fence, and in precisely die same attitude and the same dress. " Ijook there 1" Baid old David to the two men, " What is that?" "It is a man!", they both replied; " but how odd! It seems as if a light was shining through him !" "Yes, said old David; " but look at him, what man is it V' " It is Mr. Fisher," they said simultaneously. " Hold the reins, one of you," Baid old David; " Til go and speak to him. They say he is at home in England, but I don't belieVe it." Descending from the cart, the old man, who was as brave as a lion, approached the apectre, and stood within a few feet of it. " Speak!" he cried, " don't you know me, sir ? I am David Weir. How came you by that gash iu your forehead ? Are you alive or dead, Mr. Fisher ?" To these questions no answer was returned. The old man then stretched for his hand, and placed it on what appeared to be Mr. Fisher's shoulder; but it was only empty air, vacant.space, that the intended touch rested upon! "There has been foul play!" said the old man, addressing the spectre, but speaking sufficiently load qiough to be heard by both men in the cart. " And, by heaven, it shall be brought to light! Lpt me mark the spot;" and with these woids he broke off several boughs from & tree near the rail, and placed them opposite to where the. spectre remained sitting. Nay, further, he took out his clasp-knife and notched the veiy part on which the right hand of the spectre rested. Even after the old man returned to the cart, the apparition of lir. Fisher, exactly as he was in the flesh, was palpable to the sight of all three men. .They sat gazing at it for fully ten minutes, and then drove on in awe and wonderment CHAPTER IV. When old Dsvid Weir arrived home ois wife, who was delighted to see him so calm and collected, inquired, laughingly, if he had seen the ghost again. "Nevermind about that," said the old man. "Sere, take the money, and lock itnp, wh3« ;I take the horse out of the cart. He is veiy tired, and no wonder, for Ihe roads are nearly a foot deep in dust This is the fifteenth month that has passed since we had the last shower of rain; but never mind! If it holds off for a fortnight or three weeks longer, our maize will be worth 30s a bushel. It is wrong to grnmble at the ways of Providence. In my belief it is very wicked." V " Well, I think so, too," said the old woman. "Thirty shillings a bushel! Why, Lord bless us, that will set us up in the world, surely! What a mercy we did not sell when it rose to 9s 6d." Get me supper ready, for as soon as I have taken it, I have some business to transact." " Not out of the house ? " "Never you mind. Do as I tell yoa-" Having eaten his supper, the old man rose from his chair, put on his hat, and left his abode. In reply to his wife's question, " Where are you going ? " he said, "To Mr. Cox's; I'll be home in an hour or eo. I have business, as I told yon, to transact." Th6 old woman suggested that he could surely wait till morning; but be took no heed of her and walked away. Mr. Cox waa a gentleman of very large property in the district, and waa one of the most zealous and active magistrates in the colony. At all times of the day or the night he was accessible to any person who considered they had business with him. It was past five o'clock in the morning when David' Weir arrived at Mr. Cox's house, and informed the watchman that he desired to see die master. -It was not the first time the old man had visited Mr. Cox at such an hour. Two years previously he had been plundered by bushrangers, and as Soon as they had gone, he went to give information. Mr. Cox came out, received the old an very graciouriy, and invited him to enter the house. Old David folowed the magistrate, and detailed all hat the reader is in possession- oL lg the ghost of Mr. Fisher, id who were with you," said Mr. ox, "on "the second occasion of you eeing this ghost ? " i m s • i c ciket-oj miMsffl,, your ather waa man . 'or several v _ . , . Jolm-'Jatnieson They Tjoth aode with me in the cart," was the old man's answer. "Has Williams returned ?" "Yes, sir." " " It is very late, and the man may be tired, and have gone to bed; but nevertheless, I will send for him." And Mr. Cox gave the order for Willams to be summoned. Williams in a few minutes came; and corroborated David Weir's -statament iu ;eyerv particiilgr. ' .; L "It is the jn^ost extraordinary thing I ever tieard in my life," said Mr..Cox. "But go^.home, Weir, and you, Williams,.igo to your rest. To-morrow g I will go with you to the spot mine it. You say that you ia-ca-ntarlt^d it, Weir ?" j ^ ^ S r ^ T .;, •^eold man then left Mr. Cox, and ^WSUaJM Wturned to his hut. Mir. 1 did' not sleep again till a few jtes before the day dawned and , |#hen be dropped off for a quarter , ffiQ^Our he dreamt of nothing but ihe ghost sitting on a rail. fTo focontinuedj 