A ROUND OF CHRISTMAS GAMES. NONSENSE VERSES, THREAD PAPER VERSES, AND CRAMBO. [Edited by C. H. S.J 1—NONSENSE VERSES. When our young friends were collected to try their wits for the benefitof the Christmas Number of the Observir, the first subject for their efforts was the easy one of Nonsense Verses. This game was suggested by " Lear's Book of Nonsense," which furnished quaint and often ridiculous rhymes about English towns. It is just as effective with regard to Australian capitals and townships, though Adelaide is a hard nut to crack. We can give only one on the metropolis of South Aus tralia There was a shopkeeper of Adelaide, To take out insurance he bad delayed, When his premises blazed Aghast and amazed Was that ruined Bhopkeeper of Adelaide. Gawi.eii. There was a stout lady of Gawler Who longed very much to be smaller. She blistered her feet And drank brandy neat, Which killed that stout lady of Gawler. There is an old squatter of Gawler. Whose neighbours all call bim a crawler, For when sundowners beg They can ne'er get a leg Or a chop from that niggard at Gawler. There was a young lady of Gawler, With a frantic desire to be taller, So she stood on the steeple, In the sight of all people, This ambitious young person of Gawler. Magill. I went by the tram to Magill; The tram-boy said " Can't yon sit still?' I replied " I cannot, " The day is so hot, " And the way is so long to Magill." There was an old man at Magill, Who sat by a murmuring rill, A friend came along With a laugh and a song, Which cheered that old man of Magill. Brighton. There was a young lady of Brighton A mad bull once chanced to alight on, So red waB her hair That it made quite a glare, Which enraged all the cattle of Brighton. There was an old fossil of Brighton Who was not exactly a Crichton, The full moon he said Of green cheese was made, And he wished he conld have it to bite on. Qlorn. There was an old scarecrow at Quorn, Which frightened the birds in the mom. Till an old rook said, " Fie, What makes you so shy ? I regard that old rubbish with scorn." There was a young woman at Quorn Who wept from the sunset till dawn, Though no word she spoke, Her heart was quite broke, Because ber best clothes were in pawn. There is a sweet maiden in Qnorn, 'Tia sixty years since she was born, She drank much strong glue, And dyed ber hair blue. Which caused a sensation in Quorn. A damsel was crying near Quorn— I said to her, " Why do you mourn ?' She said, " I most weep, For I've walked in my Bleep, And I can't find my way back to Quorn." FITZROY. There lives an old man in Fitzroy Who once was a very young boy. Though grey is his hair, It once bad been fair, But " baccy" is now his sole joy. There was a young girl of Fitzroy Whom several large flies did annoy, Some she killed with a thump, Some she drowned at the pump. The others prey still at Fitzroy. There was an old tramp at Fitzroy Who said that be wanted employ, But the sight of a spade Made him greatly afraid, And he cleared like a shot from Fitzroy. There was a young man in Fitzroy Who sat down to dinner with joy. Being Irish he said, As he flourished his blade, " Oh give me a piece of that poy." The Grange. There was an old girl at the Grange Whose proceedings the neighbours thought strange, For she dressed up her cat In silk gown and straw hat. And took her out walks at the Grange. There is a young man at the Grange Who went to the butcher's for change ; But the sovereign was bad And the young man felt mad To be sent to Dry Creek for his change. II.—THBEAD-PAPEB VERSES. This is a much easier game to .play than people may suppose by the description. . It consists in thesclectionof any well-known line of poetry as the starting point by each player and in its completion by different hands as it is passed on from player to player. Of course it is in the power of one to make or mar the euccess of the whole, but when people are pretty equal in readiness and powers of versification the effect is very good. The first line, as we have said, is a quota tion. The second line docs not need to rhyme, but givps the keynote for the completion of the stanza; the third line ought to rhyme with the first, and the fourth to close the subject and rhyme with the second. Though it is quite allowable to make the stanza longer it is not often done. The fol lowing are specimens of these composite com positions :— "Fullmany a flower is bom to blush unseen." So spake the burglar, pocketing the spoons. He lelt the honse—the number was eighteen— And was not seen again for many moons. Here there is a pleasant vagueness as to whether it is the number of the spoons or the number of the house that is enshrined in verse. 2. " Come into the garden, Mand Be quick, I've no time to lose; I'm waiting by the notice-board; Don't come if you don't choose. 3. " There's nothing half so sweet in life" As treacle mixed with Bugar candy. But when I made Nell Stubbs my wife I found her preference was brandy. 4. " Pleasant it was, when woods were green," And the jackasB brayed aloud in glee, And I threw a stone at a reverend dean As he sat at the foot of an ancient tree. 6. " She wore a wreath of roses," Made'of many-coloured scraps. And the reddest of red noses Beamed radiant from her wraps. "Comrades leave me here a little, while as yet tie early morn!" Here's a public very handy where the bitter beer is good; But bnng me first a mirror, for myself I must adorn, And mind it must be round in shape, and framed in walnut-wood. 7\. ; " Buin seize thee, ruthless Kins," Thy daughters all be seized with colds; Thy sons all through their noses sing; Thy wife declared the Queen of Scolds, 8. " Love that hath us in the net" Of sandy tresses woven, Hay chance to lose his iishe3 yet Before they're in the oven. 9. " A bed by night, a chestof drawers by day," Most useful in a room methinks 'twould be ; Bnt since those things are burnt for Mr. Cay, A secondhand's the only shop for me. 10. " He stood ail bleeding on the bank," All hope of rescue gone. But no—some Eno's Bait he drank, And then marched bravely on. 11. "Forward the light brigade!" Here's a lady in a tit. " Who can lift her up?" they said, She can't stand, but she may Bit. 12. " Farewell! farewell! the voice you hear" Floating away on the soft south wind Is a small green frog's in the marshes near, Reminding me strangely of Jenny Lind. 13. " Bun, run, Orlando, carve on every tree" That I'm the agent for St. Jacobs oil, And tell thy Rosalind on bended knee To try this linament to ease her boil. 14. " Trndging so wearily down the lane," The beggar maid with the King beside, But down there came such a pouring rain, He sent his crown home to be dried. 16. '■ Here will I pledge tbee, dearest one!" In Uncle Chester's shop I pawned my best hat for a bun And drank the choicest pop. 16. " Come where my love lies dreaming," Long after the breakfast bell; Father and mother are vainly screaming, And wonder what lies she'll tell. IIL CBAMBO. Our young friends concluded as usual with a round of Crambo, or questions aud nouns, of which examples were given last year. Each player writes a question en one piece of paper and a noun on another, which are shuffled, and each takes some one else's ques tion to be answered aud stme one else's noun to be embodied somehow in the answer. Question—Do you approve of keeping the Prince of Wales's birthday ? Word—Cucumber. I am a loyal subject, I don't ask if you are, I always loved the Prince of Wales, Also his dear mamma. To keep the Prince's natal day Societies I'd found. I love a feast where sandwiches And cucumbers abound. Question—Have you gone to all the bazaars in Adelaide lately? Word—Diamonds. To three bazaars a week I've been throughout this year; My house is full of goods I've picked up here and there. All kinds of things I've bought— Dear, useless, poor, aud bad; To think of what I have spent Makes me most truly sad. My diamonds I've pawned For as much as 1 could get, I've sold my horse, I've sold my cow, And still I am in debt. Question—If you were a cannibal, should you prefer your man boiled or fried 1 Word—Pilgrim. Fried meat I very much prefer To any boiled I ever saw. Though ne'er on human flesh I've fed, Perchance 'twould follow the same law. Boiling is good for peas, I've heard, To put inside your leather boot, When, cockle hat and staff in hand, A pilgrim you to Borne make suit. Question—Are you partial to boating? Word— Rhomboid. Yes, often on the River Torrens A most enraptured man I am, Then straight I go and study rhomboids With that esteemed Professor Lamb. Question—What do you think of the present style of hats? Word—Hallucination. I looked in a shop window large and saw A vast array of hats. And some high-crowned were, and eome Flat, soft, and thick as mats. And some were large and some were small, And some were round; but ah! alas 1 Hallucinations were they all. 'Twas but a dream, which soon did pass. Question—Do you like snuer-kraut? Word—Glue. The national dish of the German nation, Eaten by people of every station; In estimation surely would fade, If they saw the stuff of which it is made Cabbages rotten, pepper and rue. Apples and mutton, carrots and glue— A taste acquired it surely must be, So I think the roast beef of Old England for me. Question—Have you ever seen a Ghost ? Word— —OrtUthorincus Paradoxus. Some vision of horror or ghostly form Might raise your hair on end with fright. Unearthly shrieks and fearful groans Heard in the watches of the night. Nought of the kind has e'er befallen The luckless author of these rhymes. But oh, conceive her thoughts when she A paper drew, and saw these lines, She must insert the answer thus, Ornithorincus Paradoxus. Have you seen the Australian Eleven v. All Eng land Match ? Word—Tar. Those clever folk Fve never seen, But many a tale is told Of wild applause and loud hurrahs From youDg and eke from old; The satirist, the epicure All, all, enjoy the fun, And when the play is over, They wish it just begun. See how they come from near and far— The soldier weary of the sword, The statesman in ins Irish car. The Tar who never broke hiB word. 