PENOLA (From our Fat Contributor.) May 22. It is a fortunate thing for human nature that the world is not nearly so bad as it is repre sented to be, and that there are always a num ber of kind hearted and Christian disposed people ready to stretch-out the right hand of fellowship in order to help a lame dog over the etile, and thus send him on bis way rejoicing. I am particularly fortunate in the latter respect, for many of mine ancient friends knowing that the incessant travelling day after day that I have to undergo for the purpose of picking up the crumbs of news that I furnish from time to time for their amusement (f) must be very distressing to a man who has arrived so far on his way to the happy bunting grounds as to be compelled to take the shady side of the road when travelling, have of late taken upon themselves to forward me any little item of intelligence that may come under their notice. Occasionally a little rosebud, when she is particularly desirous of throwing dust in her old friend's eyes, drops him a dainty Bheet of scented note paper commencing, "You dear old* fat thing, you." Then the pompous individual opens thusly, "Knowing that you are at all times read} to wield your powerful pen (!) in the right cause," and lastly, we have the indignant man, pouring out the vialB of his wrath on my devoted head. "Sir, you were sharp enough to notice me in your letter, but you overlooked that you should have made mention of," and so the world wa,8, auch being the agreeables, or disagreeables, that a fat cor respondent huB to put up with occasionally. However, my present task is of a particularly pleasing character, and I at once lauueh my budget of wit -ttad humour upon the ocean of public opinion, to sink or swim, as the fates may will it. For some days past it has been known throughout the length and breadth of the South-East that that large-hearted and public spirited gentleman, Louis GEOBGE EHBET, was arranging for a day's amusement in aid of the funds of she Mount Gambier Cricket Clubhand as the knowledge of his taste and skill in carry ing out matters of the kind are as familiar in our mouths as household words his announcement has given - very general satisfaction. Friend " George," however, being desirous that every thing should pass off with the greatest eclat on the day previously named, determined upon hav ing a preliminary canter in the way of a day's re hearsal by all the characters that were expected to take part in the proceedings, and the event came off on Monday last, the particulars of which reached me by underground railway. Notice to the Public. Louis George Ehret having, with bis usual forethought and kindliness of disposition towards his fellow beings, whether male or female (par* ticularly the latter), has made arrangements for a Grand Spectacular Procession to parade the streets of Mount Gambier on Monday, May the 26th, that being the 65lh anniversary of the natal day of our august Sovereign lady, the Queen (whom the saints long preserve), and res* pectfnlly requests tha* all his friends, neighbours, and acquaintances will meet at the South-Eastern Bazaar on Monday, the 19th inst.j at 6 o'clock a.m., there to make fiual arrangements for the great day, which he ia determined shall surpass all his previous efforts as a caterer for. public amusement. Many startling novelties will be introduced in addition to those previously an nounced, to wit The shark 45 yards long, caught by the Hot spur correspondent of the Border Watch. The Bnake killed on the railway by Tom Thwaites; on which a jury of twelvemen sat to decide the sex. The bones of a child discovered in Penola, supposed by the savans to have lain there since the pre-historic period. , . The venerable goose " Old Aunt Sally."/ The bathing-house keepet at Port MacDonnell as he appeared when running to join the:T-flght at AJieudaie; and many others too numerous to mention within the limits of an advertisement. Should the weather prove inclement E. & A. will be happy to supply their friends with umbrellas to be exchanged by them for silk ones should opportunities offer. God save our Queen ! N.B.-The above advertisement will not be repeated. L. G. EHBET, Field Marshall, and Commander in-Chiel. { : 5 E. ALLEN, Adjutant-General and Director of Fireworks, v. GAEL Engklbrecht, A.D.O. to Uncle George. May 17th. THE PBOCESStON: ; ' r Mounted troopers,' three abreast, all boots and spiked helmets, in their handsome uniforms of blue and silver that so much excites ;the envy and admiration of the Hallelujah Lasses. The senior constable, carrying the world-re nowned Jockey Brown on his back as a warning to evil-doers. The magnificent Austrian Band, engaged at enormous cost and regardless of, expense,- with the big drum in the rear to beat up stragglers. The Mount Gambier flag, carried by stalwart members of the Aihletic-Society astride the magnificent jumbuck fed and presented hy that enterprising citizen, A. MacArthur, and headed by that. well-known . and ..respeoted athlete, Donald Dinmo. TheSecvei: iy, distributing handsomely-framed engravings i ohe numerous cups' and tropbys to be won by the club in many a hard-fought battle in day8. to come. The Gardiner Fountain, in a triumphal chariot built expressly for the occasion by the well- ' known Sam, and admitted by connosieurs .to be the crowning triumph of that great artist's life, was attended by mermaids clad in the pic-* turesque costume of the blue and deep sea, and who performed their toilet in public for the gratification of admiring swains The blue stone base was left behind Jamentiug, Captain Jobson having declared, upou his honor as a ''Bala mauder" and a respectable member of society, that biuestone dissolved in the pure element was dangerons to man and beast. The noted pilot schooner Ariel in full sail, with that old seadog,'Lbng Tom' Coffin at the helm, was drawn by a picked crew of "blue jackets," and manned by midsbipmites from H.M.S. Warspite, created au immense furore when the " Indefatigable," amiUst enthusiastic cheering and cries ol -" Well done, George, ""ran; the '".flag tha''s braved a thousand years" tonhej mast head ; the band playing in a~varieiy ol keys " Britannia ruieB the main." The Potato Growers',, Union, each member carrying a bag of Hibernian; fruit,jmicTbetuiei!. \ by iheir''Pre8iiient, stalked rnagesticaly in^ihe' « proL-esaioo, while closely tollowiug behiuo was a huge waggon tastefully decorated -with the stalks, and containing a pyraoiidof tlje laughiug tubers, on the top of which were seateu some half dozen sonsT of Eriu busily engaged in cook ing" " Sutton's Flburballs" by means of a g«s stove supplied ;from the local 1 works. ^ The Corporation, headed by His Worship the Mayor, the hanUsqjiie silk" bariuaretpreaeuted by L.G.E. being carried by the jolly miiler. Ou the front was embroidered the Corporation amis' with the town motto, "Fish, oh, £20 aud on the obverse, "Persons desiious of information respecting walking round the corners are re quested to apply to Inspector Woodcock." The next item iu the programme was decidedly the feature of the procession, for the Indefatig able, with that astuteness for which he is so well known and respected, ami that obliquity of vision that enables him to look through a deal boara when there is a hole in it, had ce ei ruined that it should be produced on a scale of unex ampled magnificence never before attempted, erected upon.the top of one of the busses drawn by eight splendid creams, under the skilful guidance of that prince of whipcord, Our Dick, of the well- remembered ghost notoriety, was that symbol of England's greatness that has raised her to the enviable position of being the proudest of the proud amongst the nations of the earth, the British lion, and as the king of the forest majestically glanced from side to side at the swinging crowds, he smiled a smile, aud murmured in those gentle tones that lions love so well, "Don't tread on my tail" In a magnificent cbair, specially decorated for the occasion by 'Appy HuncJe, and in the full uui fosm of his rank, was seated The Indefatigable, with his arm fondly caressing the noble animal at his side, and as from time to time he grace fully lifted hiB cocked hat and nodding plumes in response the voiniforoug cheering of the crowd, Honest George presented a picture that the gods might have euvied, and the remembrance of which will live in memory dear for many a year and oK .. point a moral and adorn a tale. _ Followi^ti-sely upon ihe heels of the British lion, whos: - i-upremacy tliey have assisted to uphold in tnnny a hard fought field, came the sons of the mist, The Caledonian Society, who presented a most picturesque appearance in; the garb of Old Gaul, the philiabeg and tartan hose, and headed by their stalwart piper, Tonald Mac Tavish, they strutted proudiy oe'r theground with a vivid remembrance of the once loved browse and haggis, to the ear splitting music of his well known pipes. The only thing, however, that detracted from the appearance of the braw chiels arose from the fact that the "padding1! for their calves had not arrived in time, and the ex hibition of legs presented for an admiring crowd to gaze upon, and sigh with envy at the sight, waB something to be remembered It is only fair to mention that the worthy secretary of the society stated that this omission would be recti fied on their next appearance in public, when he trusted their nether understandings would be more in accordance with the requirements of a " Hielandman." A rather amusing little inci dent occurred just previous to the starting of the procession. Tonald, the piper, had been mak; ing the welking ring with the sounds from the drones of bis windbag, when a bystander scoffingly inquired, "Tonald, where's your breeches?" " Hoot, toot, man," responded the fiery Highlander in great indignation, the bluid of a' the Gaels rnshing to the crown of his head The gould is but the guinea stamp, An' breeks are only tailors' stamp, While a mon's a man lor a' that, r id turning on his heel he struck up the stirring notes of Scots wha hae. The fireworks chariot, in which was seated the well-known pyrotechnist Adjutant-General Allen, presented a veiy pretty appearance, and was appropriately followed so as to be in readi ness for any emergency that might arise, by the Fire Brigade with their reel and water cart, under the command of that lover of pure fluid, the gallant Jobson. Next in succession came a vehicle drawn by P D.'s in fancy costumes of large and small type, containing a printing press and rival compos, from the Watch and Star, who were busily engaged in striking off programmes in blue and red, which were smilingly distributed to the crowd by (those fast enduring friends long and short baud. ' Forming no inconsiderable item in the gather ing was the Hibernian Society, with its ap* piopriate banner of green and gold, on which was emblazoned "The harp that once through Tain's halls," with the inspiriting words, Come back to Erin, Erin mavourneen, Erin go bragh. .« Ech, mon," said a sturdy old Gael who wag seated with me in tbe haadsome chariot kindly placed at our disposal by Field Marshal Ehret, "If ta chiels are a' so fond o' Ere en whydunna they go bock, an' wha' brought them here at a'?" "Aye, my friend," replied the Fat Man sententiously, "wad ye no like to go back yersel to the land o' flood an' moun tain f" " Nae, nae, mon," replied the old man, "" ye'll dinna fin' me goin' bock to pooritch an' whusky when there's plinty beef and mutteen to be haed by honest labour." General Engel brecbt with a barrel labelled genuine mountain dew, and the Commercial Hotel on wheels, from which the worthy proprietor, genial-John, was dispensing creature comforts from the bar window to all and sundry, were he last items my cor respondent had tioie to furnish me with, and wouad up with the peroration in large capitals : -''Midnight.-Procession grand success. Pre sented brilliant appearance as it wound its way through the various streets to the enlivening notes of the " Dead.March in Saul." Indefatig. able in ecstacies, required three medicos and sundry whiskys to restore his equilibrium. Will wire again. Ajew !" 