ST. GEORGE'S CHURCH, SORELL. The ceremony in connection with the formal consecration of this church was performed by Bishop Sandford on Wednesday morning, June 11. The want of proper accommoda- tion for the Episcopalians of the district has been felt for a considerable time past. It is rarely in these colonies that any of the church buildings are found too large for ordinary purposes of worship, but for many years very considerable incon venience had been felt by the re- sidents of Sorell and the adjacont country, in consequence of the inordinate size of the edifice in which they were accustomed to meet for Divine service. Exertions were therefore made by the incumbent (Rev. C. J. Brammall), assisted by his congregation, to replace the old structure by a building more adapted to the wants of the locality, and the duty of preparing plans was entrusted to an aichitect. Dissatisfied at the high figure - £1,600 - which the architect esti- mated would be the cost of work, the congregation resolved to undertake it upon their own responsibility, and accordingly let it out to contract to Messrs. Grubb Bros., of Hobart. The contract price itself was £925, but owing to the necessity of flooring, extra foundations, and attending to one or two smaller matters, this amount has been exceeded by £105, thus making the total cost about £1,030. Towards the payment of the debt which this expenditure necessarily incurred, several amounts have been sub scribed, including two sums, one for £100, and the other for £50. There still remains a debt of about £350, however, on the building, but this was slightly reduced at the offertory taken at the close of the consecration service. The church itself is a plain un- assuming structure, standing at the cornor of Gordon and Fitzroy-streets, on the exact spot upon which stood the old State building which was erected in 1826. The area of the church property is about 4 acres 3 roods, and the dimensions of the new building are 38ft., by a depth of 64ft., and a height of about 18ft. The seat- ing accommodation in the old church has been retained for its substitute, with the ex- ception of two seats in the front, which have been reserved for the choir, and there will now be holding capacity for about 200 per- sons. At the back are the two vestries, but there is no ornamental porch in front. The foundation-stone was laid in August last, but the edifice was practically completed about two months ago ; and, although owing possibly to financial considerations, the de signera have worked upon the principle that plainness unadorned is adorned the most, the church will afford a pleasing addition to the somewhat limited architectural beauties of the town. The consecration ceremony was performed just before noon on Wednesday morning. The visiting clergy had left the city by an early coach, and owing in a great measure to the exceedingly unpropitious state of the weather, there was not by any means such a large attendance as might have been ex- pected. The entry was made in the usual manner, the ordinary petition was read by Archdeacon Davenport, the Bishop replied, and the 24th Psalm was chanted by the con- gregation. After this the prayors were said, the customary blessings performed, and Canon Bailey read the consecration. Hymn 300 having been sung, and Archdea- con Hales having read the epistle, and Archdeacon Davenport the gospel, the Bishop took the text of his discourse from Acts iv. 36, 37- "And Jonas, who by the apostles was surnaincd Barnabas (which is, being interpreted, the son of consolation) a Levitc, and of the country of CyprUB, having land, sold it, and brought tho money and laid it at tho apostles' feet." This »otion reforred to in the toxt was, he said, a common thing on tho part of tho early Christian churches, and this particular cir oumstdnco was the first set before them in ^connection willi tho history of St. Barnabas. Somo land had been bequeathed to Barnabas, and this under tho rahlnical law bo, being a Lovito, would not bo allowed to retain. Knowing this, there was a danger when ho joined the Christian Church that ho would bo twitted by the Scribos and Pharisees with throwing in his lot with'this newly-formod soot solely from mercenary motives Ho, therefore, sold the land, and 'brought the money and laid it at tho apostles' fcot as an offering mado to God. The rev. gentleman alluded to the circum- stances under which Barnabas carno into contact withjaul, and then through disagree- ments, evidently working for tho accomplish- ment of Divine pürpo80B,loading to orupture, which caused the two evangelista to saek fresh fields of labour. And to the life and character and examplo of Barnabas they hvl to lobk that day in commemorating that im- portant festival in connection with their church. Thoy had to'learn 'tho lesson of Belf-dcnial, tho lesson by whioh thoy were taught what was their, own and what God claimed at their bauds. If a wealthy mau dying were tolcavohlBriohcsorhisproporty to a Church1, if he wore to give thom up as an act * of worahip, and as a tribute, to Almighty; God, M hat would bo said concerning such an ono? If such an act wero dono in this nine- teenth century of the Christian ora, how .'would the donor stand ih the estimation o£ his'follows? What would a'dally news- paper say of such an aot of solf- Burrender ? What, It might bo, would any court of law say? Why thoy would Bay that it could not bo tile act of a man who was in his right senses that lie ahould givo to a ohurcli the last half-1 penny that ho possessed. Thoro might bo nomo who would ailinn it to ariso from tho gi oat ness of heart of a tiuo Christian, bub what would bo said in society, or by thoao who ruled and directed public opinion ? Yet it stood there as an act, urged on them by tho Holy Ghost, ovon in this the most un- grateful and the most indifforcnt ara' in the history of the world. When the history and tlio character of tho present century wero summed up by . some futuro' ?ecclesiastic or (¡ocular historian w ho might Íien the page on whioh tua record of our ifo w ould bo printed for Buccoeding genora-' tions Mould bo ablo to record acts of self] sacrifice, such as that of Barnabas,*or 'oven indeed so much ob a singlo instanco of tho fol- lowing of stich an examplo asthat recorded in tho text? They beard sometimes of posthu-, mons charitable bequcBts, " whero a man left o to tho poor what he' could' uo longor enjoy himself,' and . ¡what, waa said of him?! Why, the world fell into transports of administration and penned «uglogisUo references to bim, It ¿was ono of those terrible doluaions by, which' tho worldi hid from itself the feeble vanities of its own failings. They could leave their riches to the poor, and yet have no more charity thanl if they had Bald that thoy'should be buried.j 1 Tbo'only motive that could 'make' them 'do tim r duty to Ont1 and to thoir neighbour was lh< const.«T nisi-c»:i 1 thei emembi *nco Of the la,L oí God uinclined m their hearts by God1 aud the liol.", Gh(.'»t. it'hat Waa tho motivo uiii.li ought lo un pel them to avail thom .[ seh us mow faithfully In tho future of tho service« and of the means of grace nowlrfro-l vidad for thom in thut consecrated house of player. It was (¡lily those who could bIiow i Hcnsoof thable* .inga which God had vouch-1 h i fed to-o ni who could earjy «aliso that ir< .->->. ' .u. « w,fui-orgUip, and that' ' ' '; I '"¡" h should charac-j >. in that church,) i J, »when tho «acra-, ' r ja, When, oppoituni tii'B loi lübbtutiuuu ore given, wnon they woro united to bring there theburdonjof oin, and lay it down in confession boforo God, when they wire i «minded of, the Pequcnco of C lu ist ian seasons foljowhisj one! another in oidir, when the ,tokens of the love of Uod rrrro brought home to thenl and to thoir soul i, let them not forget how frail! by natur« they wore/ and lot thom make| their pastor's heart feel glad that his efforts' in their parish were being orownod with' sucoess. , i ) i ' i \ A tea meeting was subsequently held in the Institute Hall, at which about 100 per- sons sat down. At its conclusion, the in- cumbent of the church gave a history of the efforts made in connection with the erection of the building, and mentioned that the collections during the day amounted to £18 3s. 6d., and there were also a few pounds in the hands of the committee. They were anxious to pay off the debt of £300 by the end of July. They had to thank the Pres- bytery of Tasmania for kindly allowing them the use of their church during the time that the new building was in course of erection, and also for allowing them to erect an altar within it. After a few congratulatory remarks from the Bishop the proceedings terminated. The following olorgy woro present at the consecration sorvico :~Bishop Sandford, and the Rev. J. 11. Woollnough, organising chap- lain of the dioccBo, Archdeacons Davenport and Hales (of Launceston), Canon Bailoy, and thelUovB. S. B. 1'ookes, J. II. Rowsoll, J. C. Wilton, and the incumbent of tho church, the Rev. C. J. Brammall, VALUAntr. Discovriiv ron mi' IUiii - If your hair Is turnlnj groy or white, or falling off, uso "Hie Monica« Hair Iteiiowor," for It wittporiUtcly rutort in eury cale Oren m White hair to Ita orignal colour, without leaving tho dlsagrcoablo smell of most "Ko- ntoren" It makes tlio hair charmingly beautiful, an well as promoting the growth of tho hair on bald »pots, whero glands aro not decayed Ask your Chemist for Tub MrxiUN Hair Ki-neweu " Hold by ohcmlsU and nerfumora Qvorywbero at Ils Oil nor lwttlo Wholesale depot removed to 8, Farringdon Itoad, London , Wklui' "Kocan o» |Cob»s "-Ask for Wolla' ."Kouih on Corns." Quick relief, complete, per BuuMBt cart Corns, waits, bunions. Mens , Mom m4 C», Btojut, Gaaeral ¿watt.. 