VICTORIA INSTITUTE. BUDmDIaS IN RELATION TO CHRISTIANITY. At the large, meeting held. in February, by the Victoria (Philosophical) Institute, 7, Adelphi- Terrace, London, a paper was read by the Rev. R."C. Collins, M.A., on Buddhism in relation to Christianity. Referring.tb the parallels between the per sons and characters of Buddha and Jesus Christ,' he said:-Take, as a prominent instance, the birth stories. I nded not here give details, which are to be found in any modernwork on Buddhism. The sup posed miraculous conception; the bringing down of Buddha fromtheTusita heaven; the Devas acknowledging his supremacy ; the presentation in the Temple, when the images of Indra and other gods threw themselves at his feet; the temptation by Mara- which legends are embellished by the modern writer I have already quoted, under such phrases as "Conceived by the Holy Ghost," " Born of the Virgin Mary," " S6ng of the Heavenly host,"- "Pre sentation in the Temple and tempta tion in the wilderness "-none of these are found in the early Pali texts. The simple story of ancient Buddhism is that an ascetic,- whose family name was Gautama, preached a new doctrine of human suffering, and a now way of de liverance from it. There is no thought in the early Buddhism, of which we read in the Pali texts, of deliverance at the hands of a god; but the man Gautama Buddha stands alone in his striving after the true emancipation from sorrow and ignorance. The accounts of his descending from Heaven, and being conceived in the world of men, when a preternatural light shone over the worlds, the blind received siglift the dumb sang, the lame danced, the sick were cured, together with all such embellishments, are certainly' added by later hands ; and if here we recognise some rather remarkable likenesses in thought or expression to things familiar to us in our Bibles we need not be astonished, when we reflect - how - great must have been the influence,. as I have- before hinted, :;of the Christian - story in India in the early centuries of the Chris tian era, and, perhaps, long subsequently. This is a point which has been much over looked; but it is abundantly evident from, among other proofs, the story of the god Krishna, which is a manifest parody of the history of Christ. The "Bhagavat-Gita,"' a theosophical poem put into the mouth of Krishna, is something unique among the productions of the East, containing many gems -of what we should call Christian truth wrested from - their proper setting, to adorn this creation of the Brahman poet and indicating as plainly their origin as do the stories of his life in the "Maha-Bharata;" so that it has not unreasonably been concluded that the story of Krishna was inserted in the " Maha-Bharata" to furnish a divine sanc tion to the " Bhagavat-Gita." If, then, as there is the strongest reason to believe, the Christian story, somewhere between the first and tenth centuries of the Christian era, forced itself into the great Hindu epic, and was at the foundation of the most remarkablo poem that ever saw the light in India, can we be surprised'if we find similarly borrowed and imitated won ders in the later Buddhist stories also P Several home and colonial applications to join the Institute as guinea subscribers were received, and its object being to in vestigato all philosophical and scientific questions, especially any said to militate against the, truth of the Bible-a discus sion ensued, in which Mr.Hormuzd Rassam, Professor Leitner, from Lahore, Mr. Coles, en earnest student of the question during 25 years' residence in Ceylon, Professor Rhys Davids, and others took part, all agree ing in and confirming the statements of Mr. Collins's paper. Dr. Leitner brought a large number of photographs of early Indian and Tartar sculptures, showing the first introduction of the Christian story into those monu ments between about the second andtenth centuries, and he pointed out the value of such additional confirmation of Mr. Collins's statements. 