ito Wiltidt, ' PUBLISHED EVEKY WEDNESDAY AKD SATUEDiLY MOENING. SATURDAY, MAY 17,1884. THE FIRE AT MB. UREN'S. JUST as we were going to press last Wednesday morning the startling cry of" Fire " was raised in Commercial street, and by making a short delay we were able" to inform our readers of the most destructive fire that has yet taken place in the town of Mount G-ambier. Indeed up to Wednesday morning no fire worth mentioning. has occurred here; the town having been singularly free from visitations of this calamity. That of Wednesday, though most com plete as far as its destructive agency went, was fortunately not of great magnitude. It was confined to the room where ib broke out, and had there been no attempt to get information re specting it till the fire reel came upon the scene, it would probably have, done less damage still/and been more quickly subdued. ? > . . .; The. fire, like the majority of those fires that break out after business hours and; startle people frem : their sleep, has proved a mystery too hard to solve. - ,The evidence at the inquest showed that the premises were shut up as usual on Tuesday night at 7 p.m., that the lights were properly put out, that everything then, appeared - safe, and they were not again opened till the discoverers of the fire forcibly entered them. How came the fire to slumber from 7 p.m. till after midnight; and if it was not smouldering when the pre mises were shut up, how came it to be ignited at midnight ? Nothing in the evidence afforded the slightest key to this, and the jury had to content them selves with an open verdict. *; Our object in drawing attention to the fire, however, is not to discuss its origin or its magnitude. We simply wish to point out .that what has" been MK- Uren'8 fate%o-day may be some other townsman's fate to-morrow. We are all liable to outbreaks of fire, and that these do not occur offcener is not due to any special care taken to pre vent them. Lights are often very carelessly used, and combustible material and fire are frequently left in tempting proximity to each other. The jury had an apt illustration of this in Mr. Uren's premises. In the back store-room, which escaped the wreck, they found the small end of a candle fixed on the edge of a ease full of lucifer matches, which gave evidence that it had been used in this position to light up the room. This was, no doubt, the act of a thoughtless lad, but we fear similar acts can often be fathered on those who ought to know better. Most of our readers, we believe, have frequently come across tables and boards which had been badly scorched through being extemporised into candle-holders, and in the case in question a very little act of forgetful ness would have sufficed for the candle end to burn into the wood, and pro duced a fire that would have puzzled a jury to find the origin of. While inculcating greater care in the use of lights, especially in connection with business premises, we would also urge the necessity of placing ourselves in a position to combat them when they unfortunately occur. The experience of "Wednesday morning amply evidenced the efficiency of our water supply for fighting a fire. When the reel came fairly into play the fire had not the ghost of a chance. The pressure was all that could "be desired, and though the flames had complete mastery of the Btore, so much so that there was scarcely an article in it but was aglow, in less than fifteen minutes the place was reduced to a sodden smoking mass. The fire fiend was beaten. But it is not enough that we should have an ample supply of water, we must also have the means of taking advantage of it when necessity requires. That we had this on Wednesday morning is not due to any foresight on the part of the residents themselves; that we have a fire reel and the nucleus of a fire brigade is due to the foresight and enterprise of Mr. L. 3-. Ehret, who, we must say, has not had the sympathy and assistance he deserved in thus equipping the town. But that his reel was available, and Mr. Jobson and a few. others who had mastered the details of its management in readiness to attend it, not merely Mr. Uren's retail shop would have been wasted, but the whole building, including the back store; and possibly several ad joining houses would have gone too. The existence of the reel and Volunteer lire Brigade was the means of saving a good: many .hundred pounds- on Wednesday morning. This fact de serves to be specially emphasised, and we hope: th"e ' Town' Council and the Insurance Companies will recognise the it,' and take such steps as will place the Volunteer Fire Brigade on a more stable and satisfactory footing than it now exists. 