Major Barker's "Salvation" Mission. Major Barker and the Victorian officers of the Salvation Army held a meeting at the Salvation Army Barracks, at Newtown, last night. The place was crowded to the doors, many persons standing. On the raised platform were the male and female members of the " army." The platform was par- titioned off and on one side were men and the other side females of all ages, and above them there was a small gallery, in which were seated children. The ' major ' is a very pleasant and intelligent- lookingman, and has the appearance of a Church of England clergyman. The service was opened by prayer, part of which was sang, after which the 18th chapter of St. Matthew was read by the : " Major," and was followed by a hymn sang to the tune of "If you'll only put your shoulder to the wheel." The first of St. John was next read for the lesson, amid loud cries of '' A-men,' &c.; Several converts then related the accounts of the lives they used to lead before they "got saved," aud were frequently interrupted with loud cries of "Praise the Lord," "Ah," ''I'm saved," " Yes," and general clapping of hands. Oae convert stated that once he used to be very fond of " long beers," but he praised the Lord he was saved now, and if any one wanted to know anything about him they had to go and ask his wife. Another said that he " got more of the Holy Ghost" every meeting he went to, and that last night he had got it half-a-dozen times." The notices of the future meetings were next read, and after they were finished the "major" christened an infant, dnring which a "soldier": held two salvation army banners over him. When he had finished the cere- mony, he offered up a prayer for the future life of the child, which was frequently interrupted by loud cries of 'A-men,' &c;, &c.;, from the "soldiers." He then delivered a short address, at the end of which he said that if the unemployed of Sydney would go to him he would soon find them something to do. One speaker said that he would not enter a public-house for .£100,000 because Satan was there. Another hymn was then sung to the tune of "Sweet Chiming Bells." At the close of the service a "soldier" offered up a prayer, but his voice was almost inaudible owner to the loud cries of "Praise the Lord," "I've got it," "I'm saved," "Come to-night," &c.;, &c.; Some members of the army on the gallery were worked up to each a pitch that they h»d to stand np and shout to the top of their voices to relieve themselves, stamp on the floor, and clap their hands. The audience was composed of some very respectable-looking people, who were evidently there out of curiosity more than anything else. The service was carried on without a single interruption, such as occurs at some of the meetings. The Major is very earnest in his manner, but it would be better if he carried on the services with a little less noise. A large band plays during the service, and nearly drowns the voices of the singers. At the conclusion of the service the Army "fell in" outside, and marched through the street, headed by the band. 