mm I Wiitii lift's U'nj* journey I begitn, And all nround was strange and new—1 Lour ere I grew lo he :t man, Or read the books of learning through— What grand conceptions filled my head ! j What wonders startled eye and ear! Ere cmel scicnce argued dead The baby senses, love and fear. 1 ieared the dark, I loved t he light, And when the bright green earth I trod 1 dreaded the approach of night, •', , For sunlight wus the smile of God ; Arid when the sun hud passed awuy, Its ghost rethought the moon to be ; Much.nearer tlian the god of day, Afore cold and spirit like than he! ■ i I thought the stars were signal lights ; • My angels in their windows placed, That through the long and lonely nights Our paths to heaven might be traced j And when a stiirsliot dawn the fcky, I brcathlciSj watched thc|fading spark, And thought perlmps_the angels die,: r And. then iheir windows will be dark.. . , AVheii lightning flashed along the cloud, ' ' The Lord in anger glared at us; ,/ The thunder following iongjind loud,' To me"was:but.His warning voice. M .The sparkling rain that came.amain," .• Whs but the tears'lhe Father'shed/ - " Because His'children'strayod again,-' .f-tjr i And-love to Him was., cold and dead... ^ Now J am old,.'and day by day The God sO near my infant eyes/ Has far and'farther-waned away, And I_ain sceptical and wise. But am I happier? knowing more ? . ' .Would I be happy, knowing all ? With naughtHo love nor to adore,' < ' , ' ? Nor power to rise, nor chance to fall ? ( . i If this is all that knowledge gives, .. . Let mb joward the cradle move— Baelc to a world where credence lives, And hearts feel reverence and love. Give ine again God's sunlight smile; _ ■' The twinkling stars that angekdight. The lliunder, though I quake the while; . . j . The jsunVpale ghost that walks by.night. r.„ Give me the anger of His eye, And I will tremble and adore; . Give me His tears, that fill the sky With mercy for the weak and poor; Givefme the wonder and the faith, 1 '' Give trie Vhe sorrow and' the pain, ' >v;' 'Tis mockery all that science sailh— I'll-be the trusting child again. 