IT was a " happy thought," as Punch Eaje, to think of a fine art exhibition in this city, and to have it opened oi> the Queen's Birthday. Not that the thing is an absolute novelty here, in name, for we have had school of design exhibitions galore; but the exhibition now projected promisee to be one apon a higher level than those. Mr ODDIE is ap art amateur, in the really literal meaning of the phrase, and there was a certain fitness in his being chairman of the preliminary meeting last Thursday; for, he not only loves pictures, bnt is a liberal patron of artists. That he was on this occasion surrounded by nearly all the local artists of any note, was another sign of the time, and promissory of • something beyond the art exhibitions which we have had here . in the past. To use mining language, the exhibitions of the past were progressive ventures. They were shows of more or less erode works done by students, were in the main mere copies of copies, and the meritorious pictures, in an art sense, were few and far between, if viewed from a high level of criticism, though many of them were highly meritorious when regarded as what they really were—the tentative essays of young beginners in design. The exhibition, however, which is now projected-should be rather of the dividend-paying class of ventures. We may look to have displayed the works of accomplished artists, who have bottomed on the gold a of success, after, it may be, years of t diligent and loving search for the precious metal. Some will be the origi- h G nal " finds" of locil, or, at any rate, s Australian artiste, and others will a be either the original, discoveries of h other, and possibly greater, masters still, f or copies of the creations of artists a whose fame is wide as the world of art P itself. For we note that the aim of the projectors of this new exhibition iB not a merely local one, inasmuch as the metropolis and other centres are to e visited by the honorary secretary with the view of obtaining loans of works for the exhibition. But as the ity Hall is to be the place of exhibition, follows that in so very small a room very exhibit ought to be like a pearl o B b t c a d a f of price, and hence the necessity at the very outset of the^selecting committee being on the alert in every place where loans of pictures are obtained. In spite of the adage about not looking a gift horse in the mouth, it will be absolutely necessary that the selectors have the courage of their opinions and of the situation, or they will be overwhelmed with heaps of things for which their will be no room. In fact, it appears to us that excellent as the place chosen_ is for locality, it is altogether inadequate as to dimensions. Why, even for a merely Ballarat show of Ballarat pictures, the City Hall would be too -small, and when the whole colony is to be laid under contribution, the "case assumes a quite menacing aspect. We dread £he possible consequences. . What if the hanging" committee should be so sorely puzzled and over-mastered by the number of pictures and' the exigencies of space that they should hang themselves, in absolute, despair of disposing of (be works which the generosity of. owners places at their disposal ?- The thought is terrible, and we are sure that MR ODDIE, much as he. loves good pictures, and much as he desires - to popularise the humanising influences and delights of art, will shrink from the_ frightful responsibilities of the position he occupies as the head and front of tie exhibition movement. Seriously, we submit, that no less a space than the Alfred-Hall can be held to b&ample; for the occasion, and that will be wise to reconsider the qnestiorrof jBite. If the exhibition were limited to the;, worts of Australian artists; there might evenihen be doubt s to the a3eqnacy.of the snace available iri the iJity Hall; but if.the xhibits -are to be works of all the orld of art, so far as Victoria possesses, examples of that world's creations, then the site chosen for thb show is bounji, in our opinion, to be altogether inadequate. Why, tbe Australian world is fall of pictures wid pianos! Whether it be tbat all the world is also full of Ufeese one-time luxuries of cultivated taste, or that Australia, and notably Victoria, is richer than other parts of the globe in both the taste for -each things and the meanB of gratifying it, the fact is that music and pictures are here "general as the casing air." So far as these luxuries go, the old classical saying, won licet omnibus ad ire Corinfhum, does not apply, for they are as plentiful as blackberries— and more so. Blackberries are not to be had everywhere, but pictures are, and pianos, and unless the selectors take very bigh aim, or have the courage to say " no " to every picture that is not of really great art merit, they will be very soon in a perfect bewilderment what to do with so small a room as tbat which the City hall offers for the exhibition. We should like to see tbe exhibition one of purely Australian art, or else a larger place chosen for the, display, We should like also to see the exhibition restricted to original works, if possible. The weak 'point in all our School of Design displays has been the paucity of sketches from nature; for we bold that so long as our art teaching does not -reach the length of developing the . faculty of original designs,' it fails of itB highest purpose. We are tired of an endless procession of copies of copies. They stretch out, like the ghosts in "Macbeth,"ina seemingly interminable series of distressing similarities. The newly-projected exhibition, we take it, is meant to be a much higher display, and as the design is so good, and its realisation will be so welcome as an education and delight, we trust that the projectors will not cramp their large and liberal purpose by an unconditional acceptance of the City Hall room as the place in which to hold what will be, doubtless, one of the most interesting art displays ever seen in Ballarat. ALTHOUGH a moderate amount of business was transacted in the share market last week, nothing of importance occurred in any portion of the district to influence the value of stocks, excepting, perhaps, the discovery of the small tributary at the New Australasian No. 3 shaft, which gave hopes of better ields, on the faith of a good prospect; but this fond anticipation was destroyed n Tuesday, when the supposed run of ashdirt was cnt off by a high bar of eef, and shares, which.had risen from 2s to 69s 6d, came back to 58s, but g firmed again at the end of the week to 62s. In reference to the sinking of the MadameBerryNo.2 shaft, we are glad to learn that the directors have submitted the proposed plans for accomplishing' tbe work to a number of engineers and experts for report, and there can be no doubt that this is the most suitable course which could have been taken for while it will avoid any expensive experiment, it will relieve the directors to some extent of the responsibility, and be more satisfactory to shareholders. It is admitted now that the shaft must be of iron to be effective, and the work will be watched, with interest, as being of vast importance to the future opening up of this and other districts where water and fine drift are the great troubles to contend with. Reverting to the share market, Band and Albion Consols rose from 55s to 57s, but, as usual of late, just before cleaning up for the fortnight a fall took place, in this instance to 54s, and on Saturday the last sale was at 52s. North Band and Barton were offered at 9s 6d, but there were no buyers; and Serjeant's were quitted at Is Id. The best price offered for Sulieman Pasha was 3s, and on Saturday Last Chance Extended had the first business for Bome time past, closing with buyers at Is 3d, on the strength of being in close proximity to the Indicator slates. Buninyong Estate were dealt in pretty freely at from 433 to 45a and sold on Saturday 44s 3d ex div., the yields still continuing to .be satisfactory. The New Belt Company, Springdallah, apparently beaten the water, hares had better enqoiiy, and one sale t 20s was made during the week, olders refusing to quit under "that Egerton' had a falling market, nd changed hands down to 19s Gd, but arker's United slightly improved and would have been taken at 2a *t the close f business. Amongst Kingston stocks, erry Consols had a fair exchange, ut at fluctuating prices, commencing a he week with sales at 78s, then reeding to 76?, and closing with sales u nd buyc-ra at 71s. Berry No. 1 were ealt in at* between 24s 6d and 25e 6d, nd Ristori West having been forced rom 86s to 93s were not supported, t t S and were obtainable at 90s on Saturday. An uneasy business was transacted in Davies' Junction, which sold from 28s to 37s in the early part ot the weelr, but the washdirt still showing a low average, parcels were quitted on Saturday at 29.*; Australasian Consols also had a downward tendency, sellers offering at 63 without response. Australasian and Eagkbawk changed hands at 3s and 2s lid, and were then taken out of the market in the absence of any- demand. - North Australasian sold at 20?, Lone Hand at £11 12s,' and Madame Berry at £14 15s and £ U 17s 6d.' The intention of tbe Lord Harry directors to erect more powerful pumping machinery in lien-of present appliances, and to make 2s calls in future, caused shares to recede from 71s to 63s. The directors,«however,-could not piursue any other course of action, in view of the heavy body of water in the washdirt to contend with and their present overdraft, and with their_ difficulty overcome in a few months,"it- will be found that the shareholders have benefited considerably n&der; the new order of working. Lady Hepburn were quitted at 3s and 2B lid, but other Hepburn stocks were quiet. The only Beaufort district stock dealt in was South Victoria, at 4s 6d and 5s; bnt Waterloo had better buyers at. 5B, with none offering. The reported, improved prospects at the New Kong Aleng claim induced sales from 14s 9d to 17s 9d, and Napier had business np to 5b on the strength of the rise & the firstnamed shares. New North Home-: bnsh were placed at ,18s on Saturday, but there was nothing else doiiig in other stocks around that locality.. A large exchange was effected during the weiek in Maldon mines, Exhibition No, haying business at .from 22s cum div. 20s 6d ex div., South Exhibition at lis 3d to lis 6d, and Lock's Quartz at lis 3d to 12s. John M'Intyre shares also had enquiry at. Is' 9d. The improved yield from the New Bendigo - Quartz Company, St. Arnaud, favorably affected the value of shares, there |geing sales and buyers on Saturday at 7s 6d, and Xakerman, Dunolly, were asked for at 4s 3d. The following dividends have been advertised daring the week:—George Reef, 3d per share; Exhibition No. 1, 5s per share; Bunittyong Estate, Is 6d per share; Union, Amherst, Is per share; Smith's Freehold, ?d per share; New Victoria, 3s per share. The comparative yields for the periods stated are as below:— Companies. Black Horse „ _ Dofce _ _ Date Consols Davies' Junction .. Egerton — _ Golden Stream Hobart Pasha Bephnrn Home Paddock.. Lone Hand „ u Loonhlin Manwge Berry w AIoontBowan New Discovery New Kong Meng New Victoria _ New Australasian .. Plevna BefOrm — .. Royal Saxon Bacecoorae, Haddon Bistort .. „ Smeaton South Greenock South Victoria Trunk Lead .. _ Waterloo West Bistort.. Yandoit Junction .. Band and Albion _ Buninyong Estate Black Hill .. Last Chance Tribute . .. Maxwell's New Bendigo New North Clnnes.. North Band and Barton .. New Kangaroo Sulieman Pasha Serjeant's Freehold Onion Qnartz Working Miners United .. Woah Hawp Canton Yorkshire Last week; or dwt gr. 65 O " 270 18 a s Si s o 87 0 0 73 16 0 160 18 0 8 10 0 46 14 7 23 10 0 No return No return 250 18 0 SS 0 0 Last fortnight 108 0 S! 35 10 15 185 10 0 New Lothair (410 tons washdirt) Tren'ae sad Co. Imperial Mb. (45 tons) Buck and Co.. do (33 tons) 28 15 12 15 18 -0 117 10 0 124 IS 0 210 9 12 10 29 0 327 15 0 48S 10 0 101 16 S 3S IS O 201 9 82 17 A telegram posted outside this office on Saturday afternoon, about two o'clock, was the first intimation given to the residents of Ball&rat; that the Oriental Bank had stopped payment. Full particulars of this regrettable event -wQl lie fonod published in another column. So far as we can gather, the depositors and holders of notes have no cause to fear any pecuniary loss, although s they may be some little time before they are able to get their money. The shareholders of the bank are liable, tinder the charter, to t a call, in the aggregate, of £1,500,000, and this, together with the general assets, should be ample to meet all liabilities. Several persons were offering ISs for the ponnd-note on Saturday afternoon in Ballarat, but we did not hear of any Belters. But few of the notes have been, in circulation here, as the Oriental has not had a branch Ballarat for the last fifteen or sixteen years. At Stawell, it is said, the bank did a large business; consequently a ood deal of confusion haa been caused in t c B n ( r d r d f e that town by the stoppage. Much sympathy was expressed for the bank, as it has been one of the'most liberal of all the corporations of the kind doing business in these colonies. According to the latest sworn returns, as published in the Banking Record, the bank stood in this way, as far as Victoria was concerned, on the 31st ot December last:— Notes in circulation, £60,538; bills in circulation not bearing interest £3523; balance due to other banks, £11,232; deposits not interest, £194,167; deposits bearing interest, £812,234; Government deposits not bearing interest,£4135; Government deposits bearing interest, £39,333. Total liabilities in Victoria, £1,081,796. Assets in Victoria, coined gold, &c.;, £171,262; bullion, £24,868; landed property, £10,000; notes and bilk of other banks, £3794; balance dne from other banks. £11,151; all debts doe to the bank, £1,399514. Total assets in Victoria, £1,620,591. A woman named Bridget O'Shanghnessy, wife of a miner residing near Track Lead, died on Friday morning under circumstances which necessitates the holding of an inquest. It appears that some two and a half years ago Mrs O'Shanghnessy was snnstrnck, and Bince then she had been somewhat -silly. She had been attended at times by Dr Stewart, but not lately, and abont ten days ago she became woree than usual and took to her bed. On Friday her husband, before he went to work, took her a cup of tea, hut she - did not drink it, and after he left her little eon also took her some , tea, and . she then managed to drink a little. Just as the little boy was about to start to school, she bccame so ill that he got frightened and ran to call some neighbors. They went to the house and sent for O'Shanghnessy, bnt by the time he got to the house his wife was dead. He took no steps to inform the authorities of the matter, until in the evening Constable Dnyer hearing of the matter, called at the house to make enquiries. Mr Thomson, P.M., went to Haddon on Saturday to hold an enquiry into the cause of her death, and Dr Stewart commenced & post mortem examination. On removing the scalp he fonnd five clots of congealed blood in different places on the top and side of the head. As. these must have been cansed by violence of some kind, Mr Thomson stopped tfie examination in order that another doctor might assist at it. Dr BaDce goes to Haddon to-day to unite with Dr Stewart in making the examination, and in consequence of the peculiar circumstances of the case, an inquest instead of a magisterial enquiry wiU be held. The inquest will be opened at eleven o'clock this morning t the No. 3 Reform hotel. The City Council has once more taken the question of drainage around Lake Wenaonree, and the public works committee report that the drainage of several at Wendonree parade still gravitates towards the Lake, although levels in tart Btreet, adjacent, have been arranged to receive such drainage. It is therefore recommended that the oocupants be required to divert their drainage into Stnrt street wherever the levels are available. The annual meeting of tbe members of the Ballarat Agricultural and Pastoral Society was held at Craig's hotel on Saturday, when •the annual report, the main portion of which is published elsewhere in our columns; and the balance-sheets were adopted. The hon P. ftossel!, M.L.C., waB again unanimously elected president of the society. Something lively in football matches was to be Been at the. Saxon paddock on Saturday, when the Allendalo met tbe Wanderers in a ?riendly encounter for the Bean trophy. The visitors played very roughly from the start, and, as a consequence, the last few minutes of the game saw a stand-np fight between two of the players, tho lookers-on forming a ring and viewing the pugilism natil the cry of ".Time" caused a diversion. When the "play" was over, some of the players catalogued their injuries follows:— One torn Soger, so much -hnrt as to require surgical attention at the Hospital; one very black eye, which stuck out so far that a hat could ha ve been hung uponit; one injured kneecap; one -bruised groin, which will keep the owner from -work for a week or more; and one damaged neck, eo stiff from a kick that the wearer wonders if he will ever be able .to turn his head again. With Buch a promising beginning, the football season may reasonably bp expected to be full of interest—and bodily Injuries, A' preliminary' meeting of the friends and sympathisers with Mr B. P. O'Dowd, late head teacher of St. Alipius* Roman Catholic schools, was held at Fern's hotel, on Saturday evening, Mr E. Donaghy in the chair. There was s good, attendance, amongst others being a number of MrO'Dowd's com-, rades, besides many influential gentlemen.' There was a consensus ot opinion that it would be advisable to sodeavor to obtain suitable employment for Mr O'Dowd, that he might be enabled to pureue bis studies at the Cniveraity, and several offer® of assistance were received. A committee of twelve having been' elected,' with Mr Thomas O'Neill as secretary, and Mr Thomas Carroll as' treasurer to the movement, a successful meeting closed. -Oar load correspondent writes:—" It will interest the advocates of the Scarsdale and* Cotao'railw&y; to know that the New Victoria Quartz Company, Browns, are getting the timber for their new shaft from Mr James Martin's saw-mill, at Irrewfllipe, in thea Colao forest. This fact demonstrates that, u the advocates of the line have from the ant contended, weTe the Scarsdale railway extended to Calac, the timber traffic Vrtniltl go far towards, making the line a paying ene." A missionary from India, Vhe &ev.; Mr Kendall, preached in St. Paul's Cfeuroh, Ballarat East, yesterday morning. T'h« reverend gentleman is a fine reader, and an excellent preacher, and his sermon yesterday was highly appreciated by the congregation. It was a well- connected discourse, and very attractively delivered. Mr J. S. Cooper is gazetted to act as warden's olerk at Buninyong. Mr Joseph Ellsworth is gazetted returning officer for the Sebastopal Board of Advice, vice. Mr Biokin son, resigned. A man named John Ryan was arrested on Saturday by Senior- constable Bruce, on warrant, on a charge of threatening to take the life of his wife, and violently assaulting; her. He was legged in the City lock-up, anc; will be brought np at the City Police Court to-day. No less than five of the members of the police force attached to the City station are on the sick list. This leaves the number fit for duty very limited, and it would be well if the department had some organised method of filling the places of men absent from duty through sickness, so that thoBe remaining in health may not be unduly worked. . The Sandhurst City Council has been seeking the co- operation of the Ballarat City Council in having the Land Act amended, to allow occupation of worked-out mining ground for other industries; but the mining committee of the latter body is of opinion that the conditions of the two localities are so dissimilar that no local benefit could be derived from the proposal; it therefore re commendB that no action be taken. Some mean thief on Saturday stole couple of footballs from the fancy goods shop of. Mra Thomas in Sturt street. The articles, which are valued at 29s, were stolen from tbe front of the shop, where they were exposed for sale. A Mrs Bridget O'Keeffe was arrested in Ballarat East on Saturday, on a charge of being drunk while in charge of a horse and dray. The movements of the hone, attached to the dray, were most erratic, and it was well for Mrs O'Keeffe's safety when the constable conveyed her to the lock-up. She will appear at the Town Police Court this morning. The committee of the Linton PublicLibrary have Jnst received the invoice of a fine lot of new/ books, which, when .placed on the shelves, will make a welcome addition to the library. One of the winding-np events of the Ballarat Yacht Club season came off on Saturday at Lake Wendonree, it being the officers' "day out," for a trophy presented by Commodore Morey. Five boats oame to their moorings, but only two or three offiosra turned up, the other boats being steered by ubstitutes. Starting with a stiff north s breeze, the Pinafore took the lead, followed by the Reporter, the Ballarat falling into hird place, the Darlie Bay and Flying Scud bringing up the rear. ThiB order was mainained the three times round, -with the exeption that the Send displaced the Darlie ay on the breeze falling away. The wining boat was captained by Mr Murray substitute). At the conclusion of the ace a committee meeting was held, Commoore Morey in the ohair, at;which it was esolved to close the racing-season on Saturay next with a crews' race, the prizes being ixed at £3, £2, £1. It was also decided to ntertain the crews at dinner at the Lake e t a p m I a b a View hotel the same evening. The chairman announced that on the 24th May it was the intention of the clnb to place their boats at the disposal of the City Council, and wives and lady friends of members of the club for the purpose of conveying them across the lake to witness tbe unveiling the statues presented to the citizens by Mr Stoddart, He (the chairman) hoped to see a large attendance and a good display of Bunting on the occasion in honor of our beloved Queen. On the evening of the 24th May the commodore will entertain the officers of the club at dinner, and this will finish the Ballarat Yacht Club for 18S4, which has been a very succesefnl one throughout, and a source of greatpleasuretothe many thousands who have witnessed the contests from week to week for the trophies presented by gentlemen belonging to the club. _ A woman named Margaret Wilson, re- Biding in Wills street, tripped yesterday and fell on some earthenware, cutting her hand badly. The wound was sewed np at the Hospital. At the City Court on Saturday James- O'Day was sentenced to a month's imprisonment for making use of obscene language in a public plaoe. John M'Namara was sent to gaol for three 'days for dmnkenneES. Mayor Hickman and Messrs Sheils and •HigginB, J.P,., presided. A cab proprietor named James Rickards, whilst getting off his cab on Saturday, tripped and fell to the ground, knocking four of his teeth out. He attended at the Hospital and had his injury attended to. Mr C. A Welch, jeweller, of Sturt Btreet, has just completed a very handsome silvermounted ebony baton for presentation to Mr Michel!, which bears the following inBcrip tion:—" Presented by the successful children's choir to Mr A. C. Michell, their conductor, at St. David's Day Eisteddfod, Ballarat, 1S84." Thesilver work is exceedingly well executed, and is a. credit to the designer, and the baton will be on view at Mr Welch's establishment for a few days. One of the latest rccruita in the Ballarat battalion is a well-made young man 6 feet 2i inches in height. He was born at Carisbrook, and is not yet out of his teens. A disorderly scene occurred at the half' yearly mating of the Haddon Miners' Association, held at Fax's hotel, Haddon, on Saturday night. Nearly all the business had been completed, the president, vice-president, secretary, and auditors elected for the ensuing six months, when, at the election of the committee, it was discovered tbat unfinancial members had taken part in the voting. A lively scene ensued, and ultimately, at a very late honr, it was decided that th%, whole of the elections were invalid, and the meeting was postponed for a fortnight. The president (Mr J. Hayden) resigned, and left the room. A report appears elsewhere. On Saturday last the confirmation of Master Woolf Phillips took place at the Jewisji Synagogue. The Rev. L M. Goldreich performed the ceremony. The Synagogue was crowded to the doors with members of the Jewish persuasion. The ceremony tooK place in the midst of the regnlar service of the day, and was attended with all the nsual solemnities of the Jewish ritual. Master Phillips acquitted himself in a highly creditable manner, reading the unpointed manuscript with the greatest esse and fluency, and in a.style that indicated a thorough mastery of the Hebrew language. At the conclusion of the ceremony, Dr Jacobsen gave a lengthy address on the scepticism of the present day, and proved himself a rabbi of no mean standing. The Rev. I. M. Goldreioh concluded with prayer, and etated that Mr and Mrs L. Phillips would be happy to see all friends at their residence, Bridge street, where a sumptuous repast was awaiting them. . The monthly meeting of theEngine-drivers' Association was heldonSatnrday night in Mr Graham's rooms, Mr John Treloar in the chair. Correspondence—From the secretary Trades' Hall committee, asking that two representatives be appointed to represent the Engine-drivers' Association at the general meeting, to be held on the 30th instant, for the purpose of electing officers for the ensuing _ twelve months. Received. — The engaging of a standing counsel to tbe association was advocated by several members, who pointed out the necessity for such by giving several instances where drivers had, been severely punished for an accident caused by a single mistake, which; in itself would hot have caused any serious consequence had the safety appliances required by < the Act been in use. • It was also pointed .out that managers were generally allowed to £o "scat free" for their neglect, while the unfortunate driver had to suffer. The matter was .left over to the half-yearly meeting, when probably tbe selection of counsel will be made. _ Another matter discussed was the signalling Jn mines, which was considered, to be very imperfect and conflicting st the present time. • Several members gave their experience in this reepeet. It was also considered necessary tnat a penalty should be. attached to the giving of a wrong signal by the person whose duty it fs to give the fcnocka. Several members, related instances of men coming np the shaft at the speed of mullock, through the carelessness of the man giving the signal; This matter was also left for further discussion, A vote of thanks was accorded to Mr Herbertaon, who ttended the meeting as representative of the Allendale members, and who in an able manner spoke on the several matters brought before the meeting. Messrs Anthony and Treloar were elected representatives to the Trades' Hall meeting. We are glad to learn that Mr Alex. Miller, who sustained severe Injuries by a buggy, accidcnt on Friday afternoon, is progressing favorably, and will probably be able to leave his room in a few days. " The. unfortunate woman Ellen Read, a resident of the Smytheadale district, who was badly burnt a fortnight ago, died in the Ballarat Hospital yesterday. An enquiry will be held this morning. Dr Moffitt;, resident surgeon of the Hospital, "reported as follows for the week:—ladoors patients treated, 101; out-door, 512; casualties, 13; deaths, 2, from heart disease and inflammation of the lungs respectively. A very large and well executed picture of the late Mr M'Leod, of the firm ot M'Leod and Kelly, has just been finished by Mr Willetts, the well known photographer, Bridge street. Mr Willetts must have necessarily met with some difficulty in the production of such a bnge pictute, especially when it is understood that the original from which it was enlarged is a group photograph, and not an extra good one either. However, the artist has succeeded admirably, the result being magnificent and life-like. It is at present in a temporary frame, and will be on view for a few days and evenings only. The usual monthly meeting of the Painters' Union waB held on Friday evening; Mr T. Keft in the chair. Aiter the preliminary business had been disposed of, the balancesheet for the half-year was read, received, and adopted. Correspondence was received from the secretary of the Trades' Hall committee, requesting that two members be elected to represent the union on the Trades' Hall oommittee. Messrs Ruddock and Desnoy were elected as the representatives. Correspondence was also reoeived from Mr A- T. Morrison, with a subscription list enclosed, in 'Connection with the Eureka Stockade memorial. It was decided that the union head the list with a donation of one guinea. One guinea was also voted to the Stephen memorial fund, the intended recipient having been one of the first agitators for the eight-hours' movement. Two candidates were elected as members. The following members were elected to fill the various offices for the ensuing term:—President, Mr T. Bjft (re-elected); treasurer, Mr G. Sheppard (re-elected); secretary, Mr W. Smith; committee—Messrs G, Ludbrook, A. Ruddock, E. Desnoy, T. Adams, H. Desnoy, and T. Lewis. Accounts for £9 were passed for payment. Applications were reoeived from various persons who were formerly members, to rejoin the union. They were informed they oould -do so by complying with the rule bearing upon tbe question, as it was decided that the rule be strictly adhered to. It was resolved that a Bpecial meeting be held on Tuesday evening in the Temperance Hall, Armstrong street, to con business relating to the anniversary. At St. Patrick's Cathedral yeBterday, the c Roman Catholic Bishop of Ballarat celebrated his first Pontifical Mass. After mass, Dr Reynolds, bishop of Adelaide, preached an eloquent sermon from the text in ibe firet of St. Peter, it., 11—" I beseech you l refrain from carnal desires, which war gainst the soul." He remarked that the a resent age was called an age of enlightenent, d but he considered it an age of idolatry. m dolatry was rampant, he said, in Australia, t s it was nothing but idolatry when men h ecame the slaves of impurity, drunkenness, d nd the mammon of wealth. A Mr Thomson, warden; presided at a warden's court held on Saturday. Henry Fields and W. M. Acheson applied for leases of 30 and 40 acres respectively, at Durham Lead. The applications were heard, and adjourned for report. There was a fair muster of the Ballarat battalion at the Orderly-room on Saturday, over 100 rank and file turning out, under command of Lieutenant-Colonel Sleep; Major Kildahl and Captain Mann also attending Those present were formed into two companies, and exercised in matching past, the steadiness of the men generally being a matter for very favorable comment. There will be the usual drills this week. The monthly meeting of the Smythesdale Volunteer Fire Brigade was held on Thursday evening last in the brigade room, Captain Lynch presiding. Correspondence. — From Mr W. H. James, resignation as a member, owing to his departure from the district. Accepted with regret.—From Mr F. Mnniz, conveying his thanks for the services rendered by the brigade at the fire in Brooke street, and enclosing a donation of £1. Received.'—From Mr B. Shepherd, thanks for services on the same occasion.—From the Manchester Fire Insurance Company, donation of £1, per their agent, Mr C. Bishop. — From the Melbourne Ftre Brigade demonstration committee, with tickets for art-union on 24th May. It was decided to purchase £1 worth of tickets. The following accounts were passed for payment:—Caretaker, £2; M. Veal, repairs &c.; to engine, £2 2a 6d; sundries, 6s 6d; The secretary reported that two small fires had occurred during the month; that satisfactory progress was being made with the contract for repairs to the brigade room, and that Mr Gilhooley had very kindly promised to give a mantel-piece for the fire-place in the room. Mr Gilbooley's offer was accepted with thanks, and it was decided to have an evening party on the 15th iMtant, to celebrate tbe completion of the improvements to the brigade-room. The roll was then called and the meeting closed. The following circular has been forwarded by the Mining Department to the inspector of Mines, for distribution amongst mining managers:—"It has been brought under the notice of this department by the Bendigo Miners' Association that several fatal accidents have occurred owing to men either walking or slipping into shafts at the various levels of mines; and it has been pointed out tbat, if self-closing gates were placed at all entrances to shaftB, the liability to accident would be considerably lessened. Tiie inspectors of mines are of opinion that, if gates were used, or, if two bars instead of, ope were provided (s«e general rule 7 of seotion S of the - Regulation of Mines and Mining Machinery Act, 1S83) at every entrance to a shaft, either of such courses wouM materially conduce to the safety of the miners. In' many "mines in the Sandhurst district, either self-closing gates or two bars are need, and as the cost of complying with either of these proposals would not bo very great, the hon. the Minister of Mmes^ having had the matter under consideration, directs me to request that you will be good enough, as f$r as possible, to cauBe effect to be given to one or other of the suggestions referred to." Mr David M'Grath, who has for a number of years resided at Newtown, Scarsdale, having purchased the business of Mr Grant, -Allendale, has sold his property in Newtown, and will remove to Allendale at once. During his long residence at Newtown, Mr. M'Grath has succeeded in securing sad' retaining the good-will of his neighbors in the district, who elected him to a seat in the local borough conccil, where -he haa creditably filled the office of mayor for the current municipal year. Mr M'Grath haB always taken a prominent part in social'and political movements, _ and., being an. active and energetic man, his loss will be rather severely felt at Newtown, while the residents of Allendale will gain a worthy and useful citizen. Of the -993 persons relieved at tbe Ballarat Benevolent Asylum last -week, 348 were ohildren. - A telegraph office has been opened at Boort for the transaction of public business. The many friends of Mr S. Samuels, chairman of the Black Horse United Company, will regret to leant that he is at present seriously indisposed,'suffering from a nervous , affection of the brain. The Postmaster-General and the proprietors of the Melbourne Telephone Exchange lad a long interview (says the Telegraph) on Friday morning, in reference to the proposal that the department should take over the exchange, and carry on its business. Various reasons have been advanced as to the desirability of this Course, which is .favored by officers of the department. The interview on Friday was of a private oharaoter, but nothing was done in reference to actual business. It was more of a conversational and preunnnary charaoter than anything else, • ? n8n^ty of valuable information was elicited on both aides. The matter is to be further discussed. L ' The Railway Department (says the Telegraph) is now inviting tenders for leasing the nght of advertising at stations, and the conditions of the tenders have been issued. These conditions differ in several -respects to those which existed previously. In the first place, tenderers now have the.opportnnity of tendering for all stations, or any particular ones they may desire to leERB T the period being fixed at five ' In8t e «lo{ viously, they can now apply ** pre. or seven years'tenures. ThP JL , 1 *' five, tasements must be *pBv0Vpr A 1 ™ of a Bible for any injury to persons c cansed by .nsecare fastening* boards, &c.; Boards and f«m carried free over the varir ,«T 8 be first-class annual ticket f0 °Se lL"' , an *« will be issued to cach lessee fL r Ie ««Hi to be used by him or ^ during the currency of h;8 ic„e rlle,I, 8 'gent A meeting of tanners and currier* , was held at Hotham on p,?^8 ing, to obtain the eight hn„J. ^ "ea. About 100 operatives were , C r """" J - determined tofornTa " u ^ ' S * * ^ mentioned that Messrs Bebn'ev^?w 0nov «5 Flemington, had granted concession; and Messrs Barrv iL £ to o «' bertand Quelch. of Preston ™ W same from Monday (to-day)' M"„ do 'he ston moved-" That the deW H \ J °W structed to wait upon the Trad *. « > ">• mittee, to urge the views of m ' Suppressed m the foregoing , eI t leslle & as invite their assistance and " so d >o Mr JohnGoddard seconded which was carried unanimouslv TU 01 "" 01 '. man stated that a mass meetino ch4i r " held at the Trades' L T l A^M be arrangements would be made Z & blishment of a union. It wJ ' tb r publish the names of those PL? S ° Ived bad granted the eight hou"' S ° y . cta to tender them the hearw thauT° D ; and meeting. Mr A. Bart mar, ° , of th * Cook, tanner, Footscray,' .33 J M Mt willing to comply with the -I, employes for eijht hours' labor^ of Mr Thomas D. Jennincs r,„ claimed that he is the bEieS m \- m tralia, keeps the Harvest Hoi" 3 " m Newtown £ad, about at ilf a™ S J?, th « the atre of Hobart. He is £tet m ! f ? m high, weighs 32Jt atone, and mL Ulches inches round the chest, S ^ L l ^ «S waist, and 20^ inches round t£ c T " ^ perfectly healthy (save the ,„ Heil boasts, that he has never physio in his life. He is now Aw iT- 0 ' been born in Yorkshire in tlf. y ' haT1D S At the Theatre Hoyal in 1S2 4 ' have to open bothildiig dotfj^ »"«» stalls, and bT L , 1 of the doors being op^d, V know he is com ng to the thl.?. pn Thomas intends to g g et marri dtain an^ by no means worried abont bia v^ he carries remarkably weil E ' ^ \- It has been raining {B»VB the 7V?„,.,. ,,. torrents Jn several of h/countrv'S? ^ New South Wales. The cou^ w' 8 '* Newcastle and Maitland i f f l ^ ' Z Hunter Eiver is about half s Zker ^ inches of rain bave fallen at . u Tuesday, and floods are fered. S rain fell west of Bourke. ^TkeNew South Wales Government (sl„ the Telegraph) have decided to pros« g some of the -Tontine laud promofe" t onsequence, all the agents in Sy Friday morning took in the whole 1 of Li? have since been besS vnth t cket-holden applying for the reffi and lotteries will be withdrawn. The Bendigo Advertiser is informed that at full meeting of the employes of the Ben igo Pottery held on Friday, itwaa n^! ously agreed that as they could „otcc™e o any satisfactory arrangement -,-c the cicbt ours, the men tender a week's notice from ate, and go out on strike next Thursday union was then formed, when all enrolls and pledged themselves to hold out till the eight hours was conceded to them. It will be remembered (remarks the Tth graph)-that the O'Loghlen Government sp. pointed a Hoyal Commission to act for Victoria in conncction with the Exhibit-ion proposed to be held in Home in 1SS5 or ]SS6 The present Government regard the appoint ment referred to as premature, and they contemplate cancelling the commission. . The Telegraph understands that the stasia, tical return issued by Mr Hayter, showing the progress of the colony during the past five years, was prepared at the spccial request of the Marquis of Normanby, and vta attended to by the Government Statist u part oi his official duty. _ The owner of the Park Hill estate, consistmg of 26S6 acres, on the River Wacnon, about ten miles from Hamilton, recently (says the Argus) threw it open to leasing for a period of seven years, and there was > jr®at rush of tenderers from all parts to inspect the land, which will carry abont one and a half gheep to the acre. Eighteen applicants sent in offers for leasing it, and teat of Mr Malcolm A, Drover, from Horsham, has been accepted. The price has not been disclosed, but it is about 5< 6d per acre, offers of 5s 4d having been rejected. "Death in the pot" appears (says the Tekgraph) to be threatening tho community in a new form. The not over-honest Melbourne rariety of the. chiffonnicr, who ekes ont a living by picking np unconsidered trifles in back yards, has added to his congenial putsuit the more daring enterprise of washing decayed and abandoned fish, and Belling the disgusting commodity to unsuspecting honeewivea in the subnrbs. There are fearful droughts (remarks the Herald) in various parts of Queensland, especially in the Aramac district. The loss of eheep and cattle on the Darling Downs his also been veiy heavy. Nearly all the stock remaining_ alive are being travelled for ^rass. Bain continues to fall heavily in Brisbane, but it has not extended inland very far. It iB stated (says the He ml!) that several residents of the Chinese Camp, Maryborough, have taken legal advice as to whether they cannot refrain the Salvation Army from enticing girls away from the camp, under plea of saving them. Tbe Chinese say that they cannot keep a servantgirl in consequence of the Army's ministrations. The Herald states that His Honor Judge Noel is seriously ill. Frederick James FauII (says the Agf) was charged on Friday, at the Guildford Police Court, with committing a criminal assanlt os his sjster Caroline Faull, aged seventeen years. The evidence brought forward ma not sufficiently conclusive, and he was discharged. The charge against him for committing an assault upon a younger sister was remanded for a week. The Victorian rowing world (says the Argus) will be interested to learn that Hanlan, the champion Canadian sculler, will arrive in Melbourne on Friday, the 23rd instant. On the following day be will be tendered a publio reception in the Exhibition building, in which a number of prominent citizens are expected to take part. Besides a rowing exhibition on the Yarrs, Hanlan will also display his powers in the bay, provided the weather is favorable, and that suitable arrangements can be made. HaDlan will also give rowing exhibitions at BilUw' and Geelong. His representative, Mr Greenwall, is now in Melbourne arranging all the neoessary preliminaries. Extreme pressure on our space this morning compels us to hold over a portion of onr commercial reports, football matches, letters, ic, A tea and public meeting'in cDnneotinO with the Bible Christian Church, Grant street, will be held this evening, atwhicS Mr J. Russell, M.L.A., will preside. Besides addressee by several clergymen, the choir will render selections of music. The anniversary tea and public meeting of the Golden Point Wesleyan Church will " held thiB evening, and Mr George Smith will preside. There will be several addresses by clergymen, and musical selections by tM choir. The monthly meeting of the Ballarat Fire Brigade will be held this evening, at tns station, at eight o'clock. Tbe Pleasant .street Wesleyan Oinrch anniversary tea and public meeting will place thie evening. Tea will be on tne tables at half-past six o'clock. The adjourned summoned meeting of the Prince Alfred Lodge, M.U., will be hew this evening, at half-past eight. A choir rehearsal of the Blue Ribbon mission will be held in the upper room ot tne Dana Street Wesleyan Hall, this evening, « half-past seven. Ail singers interested are requested to attend. This evening, at the Congregational ecboolrcom, Dawson street, a concert will be given lor the benefit of the Congregational M.l.a- Library. Considering tbe object of the concert, the first-class programme, and the very moderate charge for admission, there should be a large attendance. A general meeting of the Boot Tra^e Cricket Club will be held at the Buck s Beao hotel this evening, at eight o'olock, to acs> with important business. 