SXL3EL ; TFQ3ME*; M^or-of «Thj^feluroBide»4,t-5ariingford.*- 'Tha Greatest Sejress a* Bwtwa,'''He «j»t Will SJp.t waea Se CHAPTER XV.— -XQcaran uepI. M*. Ilushton took the paper from her hand, j He. emiled inwardly to himself, subduing his fret of impatience. ' You will not object t*Q let me,' ralfcit ovar,J he said .'first with Sir Tom?1 Lucy coloured and then she grewpalev *Y-iu wiil remember,' she said, * that Ttiiaa nothing to ?do with my husband, Mr. Eush,ion.* * My dear lady.' ^aid the fowyer, * I never er pected to- hear yon, who i have always known as the beat of -wives, say of anything that it has nothing to do with your husband. Surely that is not how ladies s^eak of Their lords ?' Lucy heard, a. sound behind her which seemed to, imply ta her quick ear that Jock was losing Jtatience. She had brought him with her, with the idea of deriving some support from hie pre sence ; Vufc if Sir Tom had nothing to do with it, cleanly on much stronger grounds neither had Her brother. She turned round and cast a httr Med warning glance at him. She had herself mo *rords ready to reply to to the lawyer's gibe. She would neither defend heraeff aa from a grave accusation nor reply in the same tone. ? Mr. :BushtpJi,* she said, faltering, ' I don't think -we need argue, need we ? I have put dWa all the particulars. You know about it as well as I do. It in not for pleasure. If you tbjak it is right, yoci w^ll inquire about the gentleman ; otherwise I/don't think there need b» any more to say.' ?I will talk it over -with Sir Tom/ said Mr. JSushton, feeling that he had found the only argument by -which to manage this young woman. He even chuckled a little to himself at the thought. 'Evidently-,' he said to himself, 'she is afraid of Sir Tom, and he knows nothing about this. He will eoon put a stop to it.' He added »loud : ' My dear Lady Bandolph, this is far tpo serious a matter to 'be dismissed so summarily. You are young and very inexperienced. Of course I know all about it, and so does Sir Thomas. We ypQi talk it over between us, and no doubt we stall manage to decide upon some course that wJl harmonise everything.' Lucy looked at him -with grave surprise. 'I ?don't knov// she said, * what there is to be har monised,, Mr. Eushton. There is a thing which I have to do, and I have shrunk from it for a long time, ? But I cannot do so any longer/ ' IjooIc here,' said Jock/ ' it's Lucy's affair, it's sobody else's. Just you look at her paper and do what she says.3 'My young friend/ said the lawyer, blandly, ^?that is capital advice for you, and. I hope you always do what your sinter says/ 'Most times I do/ said Jock, 'not that ifs your business to tell me. But you know verv well you'll have to do it. No one has got any right to interfere with her. She has more sense than a do?cn. She has got the right on her side. You nyiy do what you please, but you know very weH you can't stop her — neither yon, nor Sir T^jm, nor the old lady, nor -one single living crea ture; and you know it/ said Jock. He con fronted Mr. Rnshton with lowering brows, and 'with an angry sparkle in his deep-set eyes. Lucy was half proud of, and half alarmed by, her champion. *Oh, hush Jock!' she cried, 'you must not speak; you are only a boy. lou muBt beg Mr. jRoahton's pardon for speaking to him so. But, indeed, what he says is quite true. It is no one's duty but mine. My husband will not interfere with what he knows I must do/ she said, with a little chill of apprehension. Would he indeed be eo considerate for her F It made her heart sick to think that she was not on this point quite cer tain about Sir Tom. ' In that case there will be no harm in talking it over with him/ said the lawyer, briefly. * I thought you were far too sensible not to see that ?was the right way. Oh, never mind about his asking my pardon. I forgive him without that. He has, a high idea of his sister's authority, ?which is quite right ; and so have I — and so have all of us. Certainly, certainly, Master Jock, she has the right, and she will arrange it judiciously, of that there is no fear. But first, as a eouple of business men, more experienced in the world than you young philanthropists, I will just, the first time I see him, talk it over with Sir Tom. My dear Lady Randolph, no trouble at all. Is that all I can do for you ? Then I will not detain you any longer this fine morning/ the lawyer Baid. CHAPTER XVI. AN UNEXPECTED AEEIVAi. They drove away again with scarcely a word to I each other. It was a bright, breezy, wintry day. The roads about Parafield were wet with recent rains, and gleamed in the sunshine. The river was as blue as steel, and gave forth a dazzling reflection ; the bare trees stood up against the sky without a pretence of affording1 any shadow. I The cold to these two young people, warmly I dressed and prosperous, was nothing to object to I —indeed, it was not very cold. But they both j bad a slight sense of discomfiture — a feeling of having suffered in their own opinion. Jock, who was much regarded at school as a fellow high up, and a great friend of M'Tutor, was not used to such unceremonious treatment, and he was wroth to see that even Lucy was supposed to require the sanction of Sir Tom for what it was clearly her own business to do. He said nothing, however, nntil they had quite cleared the town, aud were skimming along the more open country roads; then he said, suddenly : ~ * That old Eushton has a great deal of cheek. I should have another fellow to manage my affairs, Lucy, if I were you.' * Don't you know, Jock, that I can't ? Papa appointed him. He is my trustee. He has al ways to be consulted. Papa did not mind/ said Lucy, with a little sigh. ' He said it would be good for ine to be contradicted, and not to have my own way.' . ' Don't you have your way ?' said Jock, opening his eyes. ' Lucy — who contradicts you ? I should like to know who' it was, and tell him my mind a bit. You ! I thought you did whatever you pleased. Do you mean to say there is any truth in all that about Sir Tom I1' ' In what about Sir Tom?' cried Lucy, instantly on her defence ; and then she changed her tone with a little laugh. ' Of course I do whatever I please. It is not good for anybody, Jock. Don't you know we must be crossed sometimes, .or we should never be of any use at' all.?' 'Now I wonder which she means/ said Jock.; CU she does have her own way or if she don't.; I b#(jinto think you ipeak something .else than? English, Lucy. I know if is the thing to say; that women must do what their husbands tell; them. But do you mean that it's true like that V and that a fellow may order you-to do this or not; to do that, with what is your own and not his; at all?' ; 'I don't think I understand you, dear/ said' Lucy, sweetly. ' Oh, you can't be such a stupid as that,' said; the boy. ' You understand right enough. What did he mean by talking it over with Sir Tpinf Be thought Sir Tom would put a stop icrit,; Lucy/ . v ' If Mr. Kushton forms such false ideas; dear, what does it matter ? This is not of any conse quence either to you or me.' 'I wish you would give me a plain answer/ eafd Jock, impatiently. ' I ask you one thing, and you say another. You. never give me any. satisfaction.' ? ~\ ?. She smiled upon him with a look which, clever as Jock was, he -did not understand. ' Isn't that conversation?' she said, ???-... ; ? '?'£ * Conversation !' The boy repeated the word almost with a shriek_ of dwdainj__* You don't know very Binohabont tHat down here in the country, Lucy. You should know M'Tutor. When he's got two three, fellows from Cambridge with hyn. and they *o 8* it I t&ik;'a jgmetbAjig like t^ty* ? ???? ? ? ? 'r-: ? - -- ' U is yery ,»ica for yov/Jw*, that yon g«fc on catching with some eagerness at taw way or escape from emb^)cra£Slngt[ne^tiong. , ' I hope he wil} oowe«i4«^ v» ^^?«^r^^ heipromiaedt' C4U» .may/ said Jock, with great -gravity j *b0, thw flung if, ^v-Hybodv'ytote tohave^ him. And -tbeB,you see,; whenever he lias pa opportajut^r he likes to go ifcbrotfd. H» Bays it freshens bine ftp mo** &ah; anything: After'%orkingTaB J^p|» aM^AaU^^-do^^^taldngttiejft. [ a*teafcl©ni yoa know, and vnofc to overdo it ; he! nrort festVe tdiange^and he must haye'iesi}.1-. / . ' t^cy was much ipipce§sed by thie, aseh* waa by all she. heard pf Jtf *Tntor. She :*rm flnjte satisfied Wat such iwmenfee intellectual exer Jsons ashis-did indeed merit oompens^ticwi; -She. saidi. fl km 'sure he would get *est -with us,; Jock. - There would be nothing to tire him $,and whatever I could do for ttm, dear,- or Sir Tom «ither, we should Tae so glad, as heissogooS to you.' ?'? ' ;:' -'?'' -'?? ' ' ? | *t«ou't know that he's what you call fond of ! fee CQuntry^-I mean the English country. Of course, it is different abroad,' said Jock, doubt folly. Thenhe came back to the original sub ject with a bound, scattering all Lucy's hopes. * But we didn't begin about MTutdr. It was the other business we ?were talking of. It is true that Bir Tom r— * 'Jock/ said l-ucy seriously. Her mUd eyes got a look he had never seen in them before. It was a sort of dilation of unshed tears, and yet they were not wet. ' If you know any time when Sir Tom was ever unkind or untrue, I don't know it. He has always been good. I don't think he will change now. I have always done what he told me, and 'I always will. But he never told me anything. He knows a great deal better than all of us put together. Of course, to obey him, that is my first duty. And I always will. But he never asks It — he is too good. What is his will is my will/- she said. She fixed hex eyes very seriously on Jock, all the time she spoke, and he followed every movement of her lips with a sort of astonished confusion, which it is difficult to describe. When she had oeased, Joct drew a long breath, and seemed to come to the surface again, after much tossing in darker -waters. * . ' I think.that it must be true/ he said slowly, after a pause, 'as people say — that women are very queer, Lucy. I didn't understand one word you said/ ' Didn't you, though V. she said with a smile of gentle benignity ; ' but what does it matter, when it wity all come right in the end ? Is that our omnibus, Jock, that is going along with all that luggage f How curious that is, for nobody was coming .to-day that I know of . Don't you see it just turning into the avenue? Now this is very stasange indeed,' said Iiucy, raising herself very erect upon her cushions with a little quickened and eager look. An arrival is always exciting in the coun try, and an arrival which was quite unexpected, and of which she could form no surmise as to who it could be, stirred up all her faculties. * I wonder if Mrs. Freshwater will know' what rooms are best ?' she said, * and if Tom will be at home to reeeive, them ; or perhaps it may be some friends of Aunt Randolph's, or perhaps— J won der very much who it can be P' Jock's countenance covered itself quickly with a tinge of gloom. 'Whoever it is, I know it -will be disgusting/ cried the boy. ' Just when we have got so much to talk about ; and now I shall never see you any more. Lady Randolph was bad enough, and now here's more of them.! I should just as soon go back to school at once/ he said, with premature indignation. The servants on the box perceived the other carriage in. advance -with, equal curiosity and excitement. They were still more startled, perhaps, for a profound wonder as to what horses had been sent out, and who was driving them aeitated their minda. The horses, solicited by a j private token between them and their driver which both understood, quickened their pace with a, slight dash, and the carriage swept along as if in pursuit of the larger and heavier vehicle which, however, had. so much the advance of them, that it had deposited its passengers and burned round to the servants' entrance with the luggage before Lady Randolph reached the door. Williams, the butler, wore a startled look upon bis dignified countenance as he came out on the steps to receive his mistress. * Some one has arrived/ said Lucy, with a little jagerness. -* We saw the omnibus.' ' YeB, -my lady. A telegram came from r Thomas soon after your ladyship left ; there was just time to put in the horses — * ' But who is it, Williams ? ' Williams had a curiously apolegetic air. 'I heard say, my lady, that it was some of the party chat were invited before Mr. Randolph fell ilL There had been a mistake about the letters, and the lady has- come all the same — a lady with a foreign title, my lady — ' ?Oh!' said Lucy, with English brevity. She stood startled in the hall, lingering a little, changing colour, not with any of the deep emo tions which Williams from his own superior knowledge suspected, but with shyness and ex citement. 'It will- be the lady from Italy, the Comtesse — Ob, I. hope they have attended to her properly. Was Sir Thomas at home when she came ? ' ' Sir Thomas, my lady, went to meet them at the station/ Williams said. ' Oh, that is all right/ cried Lucy, relieved. '? I am so glad she did not arrive and find nobody. And I hope Mrs. Freshwater — ' ' Mrs. Freshwater' put the party into the east wing, my lady. There are two ladies besides the man and. the maid. We thought it would be the warmest for them, as they came from the South.* ' It may be the warmest, but not the prettiest/ said Lucy. ' The lady is a great friend of Sir Thomas's, Williams.' The man gave her a curious look. ' Yes, my lady, I was aware of that/ he said. This surprised Lucy a little, but for the moment she took no notice of it. ' And therefore/ she went on, 'the best rooms should have been got ready. : Mrs. Freshwater ought to have known bhat. However, perhaps she will change after wards. Jock, I will just run upstairs and Bee bhat everything is right/ As she turned towards the great staircase, so saying, she ran almost into her husband's arms. Sir Tom had appeared from a side door, where he had been on the watch, and it was certain that his face bore some traces of the new event that bad happened. He was not at his ease as usual. Ee laughed alittle uncomfortable laugh, and put his hand on Lucy's shoulder as she brushed against him. 'There/ he said, fthat will do; lon't be in such a hurry/ arresting her in full sareer. . .'.-Oh, Tom. V Lucy, for her part, looked at her husband with the greatest relief and happiness. There had been a cloud between them, which had been more grievous to her than anything else in bhe world. She had felt' hourly compelled to stand up before him and tell him that phe must do what I he desired her not to -!©.- - The consternation and! pain and wrath that had risen over his face after bhat painful interview -had not passed away through all the intervening time. There had been assort -of desperatio'n'in her mind when she wenttoiilr.Rushtpn, a feeling that she so hated. bhe duty which*had risen like a ghost between! her husbaud and herself that she must uo it at all hazards and without delay. But this cloud had entirely ^gpartedlfpm Sir Tprn's^-Tpu^pfiiice. There was a little suffusion of colouroupoh it now which was unusual to aim.' Had it been anybody, but Sir Tom, it would have looked like embar rassment, shyness, mingled with a certain aelf ridicule and «fense of the ludicrous in the position altogether. He ^caught his wife in his arms and met her eyes with a certain laughing ehamefaeed ness. ' Don't ' he said,' be in such a hurry, Lucy. Ces dame* have cone to their rooms'; they have been travettipg aU night, and. they are not fit [to be seeu. It is only silly little English -girls like yon thai can bear to be looked at .at all times pxui 3easons/ And with tnis he stooped over her and gave her a kiss on her forehead, to Lucy's delight, pet horror^ — before Williams, .who looked onap proviiig, and the footman withthetraps, and Jock uuLall J- JBut what a load it took off her breast 1 Ee was iBpt *W-y;J longer yexed or -disturbed orangryl Hewrwiftcteea ^dncjUatory andcapo logeiic, but :Imey-anly-&aw; that *e was kind. * Boor lady/ cried Lucyr'nas^ shebeen travelling, aUaig&frf;— Apd *«'» *»py ^e £*? ^^ J?ufci into the easJb'wimgt , J*J; Ijad 'been home I ehoald have said the iuueseooms, Tom, which you know *Ithinkthexa^.quite«pi»|pr^rble, my deaiv'i Baid Sir Tom, witiitiat little -run of laughter which was half neriouB. *you ..may be sure they ^ wSS^t^®^Smlwwq«to accustomed to making^thenvelves at home/ ?] tMBkifyo«ld*e4^nore r j&JiJ;&jtMMse; pBBg&ptsLif; j Mrs. Freshwater Is very well^you koowi Tdm*4-ut jhejBwKeiJoIiteihffliBe-^ .:.= PT'v' ?- ~J.:Fr7J\~%~ '? He g*re, l^^^^eirfU^'k^, :-mA4iaeh9d : ! she has repaired aU ravagee, fit was extremely indiscreet of ^ae to €° ?J*ftttw- ftfeation,* he con tinued, still with thit chnaklej, leading Lucy away. -\ had forgotten- «H these ? precautions ! after a few yeara ofjoUilJtiej^ X .;w- ^oeivea with a shriek.of horror and ^4oul-lP ve^il.' - ? Lucy looked at him with, gzeat earprise, asking I 'Why? wasn't she glad to aee you P' with iaci piexit indignation and. a sense of grievance. ' Not at aJl/ -aaed Sir Tom ; .?* indeed I heard hex mutter something about English savagery. The Contease expresses herself strongly some times. Freshwater aud her maid, aud. the ex cellent breakfast Williams has ordered, knowing her ways— ' ' Does Williams know her ways ?' asked Lucy, -wondering-. ' There was not the faintest gleam, of suspicion in her mind ; but she was surprised, and her Tiusband bit his lip for a moment, yet laughed still. . . ' He knows those sort of people/ he said. ' I waa very much abopt in -society at one time you must know, Lucy, though I am such a steady old fellow now. We knew something of most countries in those days, We were lien vu, he and I, in various places. Don't tell Mrs. Williams, my love/ He laughed. almost violently at this mild joke, and -Lucy looked surprised. But still no shadow came upon her simple countenance. Xmey was like Desdeinona, and did not believe that there were such -women. She thought it -was ' fun/ such fun as she some sometimes saw in the newspapers, and considered as vulgar as it was foolish. Such words could not be used in respect to anything Sir Tom Baid, but even* in her husband it was not good taste, Lucy thought. She emiled at the reference to Mrs. Williams with a kind of quiet disdain, but it never occurred to her that she might require to be kept in the dark too. ' I daresay most of what you are talking is nonsense/ she said- ; ' but if Madame Forno ? ' — Lucy was not very sure of the name, and hesitated — ' is really very tired, perhaps it may be kindest not to disturb her. I hope she will go to bed and tget a thorough rest. Did she not get your second letter, Tom ? and what a good thing it is that dear baby is so much better, and that we can really pay a little attention to her ' Either she did not get my letter, or I didn't write. I cannot say which it was Lucy. But now we have got her we must pay attention to her, as you say. You will have to get up a few dinner parties, and ask some people to stay. She will like to see the humours of the wilderness while she is in it-1 'The TOldernees! — but, Tom, everybody says society is so good in our country/ ' Everybody does not know the Forno-Populo/ cried Sir Tom; and then he burst out into a great laugh. ' I wonder what her Grace will say to the Countess j they have encountered each other before now/ ' Must we ask the duchess/ cried Lucy, with awe and alarm, coming a little nearer to her hus band's side. But Sir Tom did nothing but laugh. ? I've seen a few passages of arms,' he said. 'By Jove, you don't know what war is till you see two ? at it tooth and Tin.il, Two ? - what Lucy ?' Oh, I mean fine ladies ; they have no mercy. Her grace will set her claws into the fair counters. And as for the Fomo-Populo herself- ? ' ^ 'Dear Tom/ said Lucy, with gentle gravity, ' is it nice to speak of ladies so P if any one called me the Randolph, I should be, oh, so ? ' 'You!' cried her husband, with a hot and angry colour rising to his very hair ; and then he perceived that he was betraying himself, and paused. ' You see, my love, thaf a different/ he said. ' Madame de Forno-Popnlo is — an old stager; and you are very young, and nobody ever thought of you but with ? respect, my dear. Yes, thafs the word, Lucy, though you are only a bit of a girL' ' Tom/ said Lucy, with great dignity, ' I have you to take care of me ; and -I have never heen alone in the world. But, dear, if this poor lady has no one — and I suppose she is a widow, is she not, Tom?' He had been listening to her almost with emo tion—with a half -abashed look, full of fondness and admiration. But at this question he drew back a little, with a sort of stagger, and burst into a wild fit of laughter. When he came to himself, wiping his eyes, he was, there could be no doubt, ashamed of himself. ' I beg you ten thousand pardons/ he cried. ' Lucy, my darling ! Yes, yes,'I suppose she is — a widow, as you say.' Lucy looked at him, while he laughed, with profound gravity, without the slightest inclina tion to join in his merriment, which is a thing which has a very uncomfortable effect. She waited till he was done, with a mix ture of wonder and disapproval in her serious ness, looking at his laughter as at some pheno menon which she did not understand. ' I have often heard gentlemen/ she said, 'talk about widows as if it were a sort of laughable name, and as if they might make their jokes as they pleased. But I did not think you would have done it, Tom. I should feel all the other way/ said Lucy. ' I should think I could never do enough to make it up, if that were possible, and_to make them forget. Ib it their fault that they are left desolate, that a man should laugh ?' She turned away from her husband with a soft superiority of innocence and true feeling which struck him dumb. He begged her pardon in the most abject way ; and then he left her for a moment quietly, and had his laugh out. But he was ashamed of himself all the same. ' I wonder what she will say when she sees the Forno-Populo/ he said to himself. CHAPTER XVH. FOEEWABNED. Lucy did not see her visitors till the hour of dinner. * She had expected them to appear in the afternoon at the mystdc time of tea, which calls an English household together ; but when it was represented to her that afternoon tea was not the same interesting institution in Italy her 6orpriee eeased ; and though her expectations were still more warmly :excited by this delay she bore it with becoming patience. There was no doubt, however* that the arrival had made a great commotion in the house, ; and Lucy per ceived, without in the least understanding it, a peculiarity in the looks which various of the people round her cast upon herself during the coursed the day.. . Her own maid was one of those people, and Mrs.. Freshwater, the house keeper, who explained iu a semi- apologetic tone all the preparations she had made for the com fort of the guests, was another. And Williams, lihongir he was always so dignified., :kept, t^ocy could not help feeling, an eye -upon her, ? He was almost compassionately attentive to his young mistress. There waa a certain pathos in the way in whiehhe handed her the potatoes at lunch. He pressed* little more claret upon her with fatherly anxiety, and an air whiahBeemed to say, ' It will; do you 'gpeA''- Lucy was' conscious ?ot all this1 additional attention, without realising the cause of it; but it found its culmination in Lady Ran dolph, in whom a slightly injured and aggrieved air towards Sir Tom was made more apparent by the extreme tenderness of her aspect to Lucy, for whom she could not do ix-o much, . . ? ' Williams is quite right in giving you a little more wine. You take nothing/ she said, * »nd I am sure you want support.. After -your long -drive, tpo, my dear; and how cold it has been this morning/ 'Yes, it was eold; butwe did not .mind, we rather liked it, Jock ? and I. Poor Madame di Forno-Populo. She must have felt it, travelling all night.' ' Bravo, Lucy, that is right ! you have tackled the name at last, and got through with it beau tifuUy/ said Sir Tom, wi^h a laugh, Lucy was' pleased to be praised. 'I hope I, shan't forget/ uheeaid, 'ifc is «o Jong rand ph,; Tom, I do hope *he eaa talk -English, for yon Imowiny French-^— J-. '''.'? '-'.V, 'J should ttOnksbi coqja ^tajkjlnglislij' saifr Lady Randolph, with «. little scorn. And what was very extraordinary was that WjlliamB showed a distinct but suppressed^ cpnHciohgnesa, putting; fcu lips tight as if to keep in what he knew about the matter. ?'?* And I don'* think' you need be «o «6rryifor the lady, Mcy/said^heaowager. if I; know she didn't meaU ^ travel Jiy SUght. It: arose from some mistake ex otiherin Turn's letter.^ But she does ;not *nind 'that.'you may be sure,; now. thftfc eh^,;iias made5 but 'her point.' : i — '* Whatpbinty TOidflirj'T-uinv wUfwroeAeat ?? jJoutJUapy BBmnolph wftae &nr4jf;*f¥*RB- nejfid ?M-t press tkequttetion. They -w«re')-otb aware ttiat ii is some^m^B J-|p6r;' W'ft»^i^«?f ^jijsS. A lid j^i V ffMiTJon ^ CTt^yfg jjQ yy^? fill of 0 jwylm, iTi^M?ni8^ hints- and innuefidoes. ' 'Sh'e1 wa^' in the greatest spirits, not only Interested about '-. . ijer unknown visitorsj and anxious to L secure their contfjRrfe.- bati lit. jseality .?nfira ;gay than she had been for some- time past. In fact, this1 arrival was a,,gpdsena W iiVkpJ- „ The cloud had! disappeared entirely irbm iierTiusband's brow. Instead of TnAlrit^g any inquiries about her visit' to Farafield, or resuming $hs agitating discussion which had ended in what was really a refusal on her part to do what he wished, he was full of a desire to, conciliate and'please_her. The matter which' had'brought.so stern a look to his face, and occasioned her. an anxiety and pain far more severe than anything that had occurred before in her married life, seemed to have dropped but of of his mind altogether. Instead of that opposition and disapproval, mingled with an angry suspicion which had been in his manner and. looks, he was now on the watch to propitiate Lucy ; to showa gratitude for 'which she knew' no reason, and a pride in her which was still less comprehensible. What did it all mean, the compassion on one side, the satisfaction on the other ? But Lucy scarcely asked herself the question. In her relief at having no new discussion with her husband, and at his apparent f orgetfulness of all displeasures and of any question between them, her heart rose with all the glee of a ehild'«. It seemed to her that she had surmounted the difficulties 'of her position by an intervention which' was providen tial. It even occurred to her innocent mind to make reflection as to the advantage of doing what was right in, the face of aJJ diffi culties. . . God, she said to herself, evidently was protecting her. It was known in heaven what an effort it had cost her to do her duty to fulfil her father's will, and now heavenly succour was coming, and the difficulties disap pearing out of her way. Lucy -would have been ready in any case with the most unhesitating readiness to receive and do any kindness to her husband's friend. Mo idea 01 jealousy had come acrosB her unsuspicious soul. She had taken it as a matter of course that this unknown lady should have the best that the Hall could offer her, and that her old alliance with Sir Tom should throw open his doors and his wife's heart. Perhaps it was because Lucy's warm and simple-ininded attachment to her husband had little in it of the character of passion that it was thus entirely without any impulse of jealousy. And what was so natural in common circum stances became still more so in the exhilaration and rebound of her troubled heart. Sir Tom was so kind to her in departing from his opposition in letting her have her way without a word. It was certain that Lucywould not have relinquished her duty for any opposition, he had made; but with what a bleeding/heart she would have done it, and how hateful would have been the necessity which separated her from V»g goodwill and as sistance ! If ow she felt that terrible danger was over. Probably he would not even ask her what she had been about. He would not give it his ap proval, which would have 'been most sweet of all ; but if he did not interfere, if he permitted it to be done without oppositon, without even demanding of his wife -an account of her action, how much that would be, and how cordially, with, what a genuine impulse of the heart, would she set her self to carry out his wishes—he who had been so generous, so kind to her 1 . This was how it was that her gaiety, the ease jand happiness of her look, startled them all so much. That 6he should have been amiable to the new comers was com prehensible. She was so amiable by nature, and so ignorant and unsuspicious ; .but that their com ing should give her pleasure, this -was the thing that confounded the spectators. In such circum stances they could not understand how every other subject should not have given way to the master emotion; nay, that instinct should not have informed Lucy that here were elements coming together that would be obnoxious to her peace. Kven Sir Tom felt this, with, a deepened tenderness for his pnreminded little wife, and pride in her unconsciousness. Was there another woman in England who would have been so entirely generous, so unaware even of the possi bility of evil ? He admired her for it, aud won dered ; if it was a little silly (which he had a land of undisclosed suspicion that it was), yet what a heavenly silliness ! There was nobody else who would have been so magnanimous, so confident in his perfect honour and truth.. . The only other element that could have added to Lucy's satisfaction was also present. Little Tom was better than usual. Notwithstanding the cold, he had been able to go out, and was all the brighter for it, not chilled and coughing as was sometimes the case. His mother had found him careering about his nursery in wild glee, and flinging his toys about in perfectly boyish, al most masish, altogether wicked, indifference to the danger of destroying them. It was this that brought her downstairs radiant to the luncheon table, where Lady Randolph and Williams were bo anxious to be good to her. ~ Lucy was quite astonished by that solicitude which she felt to be so unnecessary. She was disposed to laugh at the care they took of her, feeling in her own mind more triumphant, more happy and fortunate, than she had ever been before. As for Jock, he took no notice at all of the incident of the day. He perceived with satisfac tion a point on which for the moment he was unusually observant, that Sir Tom showed no intention of questioning them as to their morn ing's expedition or opposing Lucy. This being the case, what was it to the boy who went or came P A couple of ladies were quite indifferent to him. He did not expect anything or fear anything. A couple of dogs would have inte rested him much more. The conversation about this floated over his head. He did not take .the trouble to pay any attention to it. As for Wil liams's significant looks or Lady Randolph's anxieties, Jock was totally unconscious of their existence. He did not pay any attention. When the party was not interesting, he had plenty of other thoughts to retire into, and the coining of new people, expect in so far as it might be a bore, did not affect him at all. Lucy went out dutifully for a drive with Lady Randolph after luncheon. It was still very bright though it was cold, and after a little demur as to the propriety of going out when it was possible her guests mightcome downstairs, Lucy took her place beside the fur-enveloped dowager with her hot-water footstool and mountain ot' wrappings. They talked about ordinary matters for a little, about the landscape and the improvements, and about little Tom, whose improvement was the most important of all. But it was not possible to continue long upon indifferent matters in face of the' remarkable* event which had disturbed the family calm. {to bh coNTnnrBi-.) 