. 12th JULY AT ORANGE. We regret that in consequence of one of those too common failures of the postal de partment, a report of the Orange 'celebration', did not reach us. It is rather late now to tell how successful that demonstration was", despite most inclement weather, which kept many from the public meeting and concert held on Monday, tho 14th July, but which notwithstanding, was well attended. In the Western Advocate of the 16th July is a pretty full report. The Worshipful ! Master W. J. M. Paul, Esq., presided, and- expressed his pleasure at the at tendance ; lie advocated the keeping alive the memory of events which had won the liberty they enjoyed ; pointed out that Orangemen acknowledged no sect, but was a common ground for all protestants ' to unite on to oppose Rome, in her attempt to ' destroy civil and religions liberty. That Church boasted, herself to be un changed and unchangeable, and there fore the necessity' of ' combining- !in de fence 'against her was obvious". That Rome , waB still the same in spirit that she had boon for ages there could be no doubt, and in Jllustration he quoted ; from HenryMelville " Make your peace with popery -iff : you will, recoive it into your senate, shrine it in your Churches, plant it in your hearts ; but be ye certain, as certain as that there is a heaven over you and a God above you, Jthat the "popery thus honored and embraced is - the very popery that was de graded and loathed by the' noblest of 'your fathers,1 the very popery, the same in haughti ness, the samein intolerance, which lorded' it over Kings, assumed the prerogative of the Deity; crushed human liberty and slew the servants of God." Tliat syBtem they mutt' always; abhor, though its benighted adherents they must love. > The Chairman apologised for the' absence of the' Rev. R." Allen, who was on: circuit, and. conveyed to the meeting : the telegraphed greeting of 'Bro. J. S. White;! Many other gentlemen sent messages- of; regret at1 being prevented from attending. The Rov. , 0. Dunstan said, that Rome aimed at universal dominion,-' the subjugation! of Christendom to the Pope, and pointed! out' that'wh'at the 'world would' be if that were accomplished1-' could 'be! -gathered-' from'-; the' condition of the 'countries ' that 'acknowledged the' papal-rule. i'f'He urged Orangemen to live: up'to their-principles.-i - 1 ' - '' -'t /. .-. The Rev. U.'W'. Brown; off Sydney,' re ferred to a previous'visit'1 to 'Orange.;! J Whom- they'were'-'told , that ' p'OperyHvaB-unuchlinore-' liberal than 'it used 'to- be,: lie ' asked in-what- single principle it had retrograded. " It still tried to-come between the :Boul«ahdGbd jVit multiplied ''mediators "in ' plapei-off they'onO" great' Mediator ' between God 'andeman ; it added tb the Sacred' Word'; 'its priests" claimed the 'power' to forgive sin;; it < declared ' that Sacrament which the blessed Lord'said mover' need be repeated,' to "be the-veritablei body ; and- blood1 of Christ.' -It-was ffhe - same; diuge": system < warring against 'ei vil and "religious libertyas ever, ancl it . behoved Orangemen to1 he on their guard:'!' He 'compared iti to)'the; velvet'paw'of a tiger with -claws' hiddembe- neath. f The iRevti'R.Dyson -also . addressed the meeting.' Hp'f > trusted! the -iiBritislif u nation! would '"'oyer- 'retain.-' the liberties' which had: : been handed down to them, and would be valiant for1 the truth j' and: endeavour to hand down ' toe their- "descendants the; priceless heritage; ' - I — -yy:!-.. .- ). The evening was relieved with songs . and music by soveral 'ladies and gentlemen, and choruses by a good choir under - the con- ductorship of Mr. J. W. Eddingtoii, :and frequent and hearty applause was awarded to them. Mr. Lamrock proposed a vote of thanks to the1 choir, the members of which, he thought, deserved all the enthusiasm that had been manifested. He claimed to be the oldest Orangeman among them, having don ned the colours when others were afraid ; still ho did not believe in flaunting colours only, but in doing work. The motion waB carried with kentish fire, and Mr. Eddington responded. The Rev. Mr. Brown proposed a hearty vote of thanks to the Chairman, which was also carried with the Orange fire. Mr. Paul, in responding, said that while life lasted he hoped to take part in such demonstrations. He never in his life had injured a Roman Catholic, but claiming to be a protestant, ho felt he ought to support his principles at auy cost, and if by doing so he suffered in business, other fields were open. Considering the inclement weather, he declared the cele bration to have been one of the most success-,; ful ever held in Orange. The National Anthem terminated tho pro ceedings. THE WYCLIF QUINCENTENARY' CELEBRATION. With reference to the Wyclif Quincen tenary celebration held last. May, ; the Press remarks: — . Although the , actual - anniversary of. the. death of John Wyclif falls upon ;the last.day of the year, the committee 'charged with jthe/ arrangements for' the . quincentenary,- early. , agreed that the central celebration' of. jthe Reformer's life and works would .receive, more of the attention which; it deserved, if it were to take place during some month not so., devotod to the absorbing interests of holiday festivity as December and January. The; month of May naturally suggested itself as, a. period when a large number of the,- clergy and those interested in religious movements, would be already in town. A .point, of icon- . tact in the month of May with . the life-history of Wyclif soon presented .itself.-, On' May 21, y . 1382; = the formal public burning of Wyclif's . tractates for < doctrinal error -took place at Blackfriars, and: the committee: thereupon resolved to emphasiso'the irony of. history by arrangjng! their commemoration meeting upon the .very day on which Roman Catholicism , had thus- symbolically expressed its condem nation of the " Morning Star of the Reforma tion." ; The series of commemorative gatherings : commenced: on Wednesday morning. 21st :May; with a sermon preached by the Bishop, of Liverpool, in the church of; the parish; where Wy'cliffism was i formerly, ..condemned , as heresy,' the Church; of St. 'Andrew-by-the-,, 'Wardrobe and St. Ann,' Blackfriars.. A large, congregation filled the 'quaint old building as the hour: of service approached, and his lord ship delivered "his discourse to,:an audience which filled; every; corner., , Taking his text . II Peter i. 13 :, ! I think it meet to stir you up by putting, you in remembrance," his lordship said that ' on that peculiarly-interesting oc casion he desired to remind his, hearers of the great- : principles ' for y which,- in . the; minds of Englishmen,' the name. ,of Wyclif ought . to,, stand — principles which were often forgotten, but which- were, the: very., life.of . Protestant, roligion; No one . could' gauge Wyclif's in- , fiuence without bearing in mind the religious, condition I of England during the 14th century, : ) when his worki \v as being accomplished. ; It > was a -period when the Church. of this land, was thoroughly,, entirely,; completely RomanT Catholic, when Romanisms reigned from the . Isle (of 'Wight to jBerwick-on-Tweed,: from; the Land's End to'the:North Foreland. The " likeness between the religion of that day and., that of the apostolic age was so; small that iff Paul. had: risen ; from the dead ho would hardly.; have calledit Christianity at all. New priests i could: have told an. inquirer what the Bible contained. In the diocese ,. of Gloucester,: oven 150 years after Wyclifj it wasfound that out -of -311 clergy: 168; w,ere unable- to ; repeat tlie Ten Commandments.: Mariolatry. reigned -supreme, the .service was in "a .lan-: guage . that" hardly , ; any , understood, and; Christianity was. buried under a mass of ig- : noranco, superstition, priestcraft,, and- rimmo-, rality. It was in short a period of darkness that might be felt, and it was hardly possible; to exaggerate the blackness of : the picture, whichi might be drawn of the three centuries whicli' preceded . the Reformation,: and in .the middle! ;of > which Wyclif's lot was, cast.:- jiff they had taken-, five, hundred persons. out of u five cities: .of England, he doubtodiffoneiof them could then ; have returned an apostolical, ' answer. jto-. tho question, What must biidoi to., be saved ?: .That-state of .thingsawas-directly':- traceable to : the evil influence of Romanism. Proceeding .: to,; review - the, life ;of Wyclif, his lordship said that there were four, reasons , why, Wyclif's name ahould ;always lbejielddn.: respect in England. Wo should gratefully remember -him because, . firstly, he iwas ione of ! the.: first Englishmen . whoj maintained, ;ihe? sufliciency ana supremacy of ;the. Ho.ly.iScrip.-/ tures ; secondly, he was one / of .the, .first, Englishmen to attack and j; denounce, :.the dangerous errors of the Cburcli of Rome,;such as tho Sacrifice of , the :Mass, Mariolatry, &e..; ; ; thirdly, because ho was one of the. first—riff not ; the . very! , first— who revived . the apos tolical ordinance of , preaching ; and .fourthly;) because, he' was, the i first, Englishman; Who translated the :Bible into the English tongue'.; Let them adhere in tbese.dayal ofilooso religi ous thought, or no thought, these, days.of, weak tolerance of any, form of religion' as" indifferent, to the principles of Wyclife.'s life work, and in the storm that'. was attacking English Protestantism, they would maintain tlieir place, artd live as of old by the power of the Gospel of Jesus Christ. , . .... . In the afternoon a largely- attended con ference took place in the Mansion House under the presidency of the Lord Maor. His lordship was supported by a gathering which included representatives of both Uni versities. The Hall waR filled. . ' In the evening Exeter Hall was the scene of a public meeting, which concluded the celebration proceedings. Lord Shaftesbury presided, and there were present on the plat form numerous clergymen and others promi nent in the religious world. A special selec tion of hymns bearing on the life and doc trines of Wyclif was sung. At Birmingham, tho Mayor presided over a large Wiclif Commemoration meeting. The Upper House of the Convocation of Canterbury has passed -a resolution approving of tho Wyclif Commemoration. THE FAITH OF ST. PATRICK.' (From, an Address given on the Day. of. Prayer for Ireland St. Patricias Day at a . .'-Me..; Meeting in Dublin.)ji> ' In the faith of Patrick: there is a total, and conspicuous absence of all . the characteristic elements of Romanism. Not a single refer ence to Papal power is to be found; in his, works ; not a single reference to sacerdotal or sacramental piety ; not- a single reference to the worship of saints, images, or relics. Patrick is literally, so far as these errors; are concerned, untainted1 ; with; the .'incipient, and. deadly heresies i of the, -fifth .and : succeeding centuries. He-is a:primitive Christian of the type ofiPa.nl! or John; And Jt is at this point" ; that I's detect: !thbomo'8t: /serious disloyalty, of. , Jrelan'd "to- her "-own i i great! : : patron < ; saint, Patrick bo wed .the knee',) noither; to the T Pope nor toiMary'i nor to an image, . nor to: a Jrelic. TheBe things have corrupted: the Gospel which Patrick ipreached, and: hence the superstition, the'degeneracy, tlie restlessness of the Irish people, i - Let us. invito them .to return, to iPatrick's:Bimple Gospel 1 . .. - , : Thedast' article I notice in . Patrick's ' creed is his 'tender and sympathetic faith in the- ' Irish 'people;-.; He. loved the -Irish , as Paul . loved" the Galatians. His letter" to Caroiicus might, also be placed beside a Pauline.Epistle. . The Irish; are, his: dear children. He; yearns over - them; '.prays ,-;bvef, them,'! trains: tlietn, educates them',! fosters them ; 'and .belieyos, in tlieir wondrous capabilities rmnder the action of Divine grace; - vln this respect Patrick has a lesson' for every -Protestant! Church in, tho land. : Are we strangers > here from . Scotland, and, England!? Patrick was,>a stranger. . Are, we surrounded with influences that .appear at times to demonise the.Irisli people ? ' Patrick i.worked amid clanB torn by intestine war, and .burning with-.mutual'hatred; : Do we seem to preach in .vain the free doctrines of- grace to the Irish (population ? - Patrick: laboured- long; without'success ; and oven ; at ! the close , of his patriarchal life Christianity was ionly in vherinfancy." .? nt i -hnl/. - \- We may well learn from him patience, patriotism, : loyalty to ,. God, faith . in the Gospel. . We: may learn of him that it is by ipure:. lives; as; well as a pure creed; that we are:to disarm the hostility of the Irish people, . and win them back to! the faith once delivered to the saints'. Wo deal not pagans, nor .bar barians. We deal with populations : who have accepted the:grand .fundamental ; truth . of tho Gospel." Our task; then is: the ..easier, one.. It is to hold . up the, Shamrock, as Patrick did, and to ask the; Irish ; people Have they forgotten ?, , Have fourteen centuries utterly, effaced the memory . of, -the simple Gospel- one. God and' one. Mediator,?- Gome. back , to tho pure springs: of Gospel truth ! Fling back. to-Romo her . superstitions, i her . hereBis, and her spiritual despotism J ; .,- . i : )„. . Oh, for-iBome; nineteenth ; century . Patrick, who wouldypace tho provinces of -Ireland, sr ho did and .reform the land and drive out , the poisonous serpents : — doctrinaliheresy : , eccle siastical. -despotism spiritual i: superstition ; sedition; ; privy conspiracy ; indolence, - . In the neighbourhood of Clonmel there is a: beautiful welliin a secluded, valley, called ,St. Patrick's -Well. . Glear, sparkling, jcool, pure water bubbles, up all- the. year round from,, the hidden depths, .of the, earth, i and -"flows;, away from the dip. of the well; down ithe valley, into, a darge ;. stagnant! pool which it feeds.. The water iin jthe well is ever fresh and beautiful ; ; but; when Jtiflows into the -sedge,, and slime,: andi;,weeds ; ,of - ithe,; pond, ;. -it,.; loses its limpid ivy,- and becomes,, muddy and- dark. : I . have- seen, ; on; St. -.Patrick's, t Day, , crowds ofjipilgriinsj-whom. superstition", had- collected to the well to drink in hopes that theywould be healed of'.disease or, protected from danger. Buti!a.iOori;ect instinct keeps them:away,from theimurky , pond down the slope, of the valley. ; What a striking;! historical ,i parable, we, have ; here I The well in its sparkling purity, is the , faith; which, patrickipreachod. and- embodied. ; 'The stagnant pond is that faith corrupted and-, darkened in the course, of the centuries;. .The well is tho pure Gospel of Jesus Ghrist, the jglad. tidings, of salvation ;to a perishing, world. The grand doctrines , of . grace, and faith, .and - holiness, God's; love in : Christ, eternaHife- through, the operations of the Holy Ghost;: The;staghant pond represents these -doctrines, corrupted foy sacordotalisra, worship of saints,, sacramental - piety, and, the influence, of the Papaoy.:;. .;l;j ; V:Wouldi:that: the Irish people shad -the. spiritual instinct ) to pass -up from .the pond, jandrepair to ;the! fountain" head ! 'Here are the. healing,. waters and„here is thefountain over which.- the invitation, of -.the prophet . is. ' written : i Ho 1; eyery-one.that tlhr8teth,,come .ye to ;the,- waters."— TheiGhrislian Irishman. ; :JEAMES; AT THE 'yiNtiENT'BALL. ; " ; Balls are, becoming, aliquot parts of the machinery, ,6f; thoso ladios, who have renoun ced the world and its pleasures., ; The sisters do . not dance, wo presume, at such .places. It is sinful. They do not consider it sinful to encourage others to do what for religion's sake they renounco. They avoid the evil but' lead others into temptation. Whothor that ' » .boly Pr®ctice for the " religious," may well be questionod. It is done however, not merely as an occasional thing, but as an annual regular thing, on the largest and grandest scale : and the whole fashionable world approve of it, who if they be stow to give to charitable purposos sufficiently to sup- ' port them ; are quite generous in their acti- vity in dancing for them. The dance is tho thing, not the charity. " St. Vincent's Ball." So it is called in tho public prints. St. Vincent - was we believe a faster and a hater of the amusements of life. If lie is conscious of the affairs that happen under the moon, he would find something to embitter oven his haavenly repose in tho contemplation of a big- ball held under his name and auspices, by the sisters of his rule. Of all tho " peoqle who '> might be expected to celebrate bis virtues tho last should bo the dancing - dervishes of Sydney 'Society.'- And then there was Joames's duly, recording 'the affair in the " 'Sydney - Morning Herald' in' such drivelling imbecile measure as would' turn - St. Vincont ':" .siok even at his breakfast of Ambrosia. Well " for him tbey don't tako the Herald up there. ; Of course Lord. Augustus Loftus was there and/ - escorted :to his place by Sir Patrick Jennings, and lie, we are informed by 'Jeaines', " preferred mingling with the company, salut- Jng and chatting pleasantly with the -ladies with ,whomiho was acquainted, and bringing , a .rosjr.fliishito more than one youthful cheek "f' .by his, kindly .greeting and- enquiries asto'the" , state of the - programme i and the number of ' dances to be Becured.'.' The kindly greeting of ttvpry old, gentleman,' appears,1 according to 1 ' Jeames, to i bring a . '('rosy flush " on -young cheeks! and particularly if he enquires about the r ! ' ProKr.nlme. 0 Jeames— Jeames, — thou art in- - corrigible. ; What a dobauched'old follow you would make out our- mild diplomatist to bo— iWhat a dangerous dervish,— and then what daughters of Midiun the possessors of the fair young cheeks, which flusli'at such a simple " good-natured enquiry about the programme. Jeaines, thou, art' a scandal to thy profession,' - \- why. -iwhat-! rcouldi- that outspoken divine who mentiuued- the daughters of Moab liave said- so bad at- this ? And above all, what - . would ; St. t Vincent say -to - such goings on as - reported under his very noee ? - Alas for con sistency 1 Alas for propriety J We. wonder, ! -if the Devil \vere to' 'get up -'a fine ball would die fiud any. difficulty iii assembling a fashion- ! able company : or reporters to paint the "|rosy,, tints "-and tho gubernatorial flatteries ; or a beautiful pretence of " charity " to dis- - guise all in ithe smoke - of the odour of sanc- -tity. - : It is a mockery of a world, my masters, : .-—and fthe ' " religious " are willing to make use of it.- : ; - 1 - 