POLICE. In the Central Police Court (charged branch) yesterday, I After Allant.was charged with having stolen some articles from William Lee. The prosecutor, who was J connected with the Blue Ribbon Army," of' which 5 the prisoner was also a member, had ob- B' gained a situation for the girl in the country. A few d days after the prisoner returned, and told Mrs. g Lea that she had been wandering about without any place $ to go to, and Mrs. Leo gave her a place to sleep in for the night; in the morning she VIBB gone, and a number of articles. such as pillow cases, napkins, c, WITS missed from the room; there was no other person in the B room at the time. The prisoner was committed for P trial at the next Quarter Sessions. Mary omt'iA was 1 brought upon a charge of having stolen some "j property belonging to Henry Malo, the prisoner had been looking at the prosecutor's house; she proceeded to remove her box from the house, but was prevented by Mrs. Male, who retained the box because the prisoner had not paid her; the girl went away ; Bubnoquonily some articles were missed on her return, some time afterwards for the box a policeman was brought in and the box was broken open, and nearly all the missing articles were found in it. '1 Lo prisoner inidRted that the things had been put into her box by someone else. She VÍ>,H sent to gaol for three mouths. Simon Carroll was fined £6, or two months'' imprisonment, for having used a railway ticket after its date had expired. At the Water Police Court yesterday, Mr. Marsh, S.M., dÍBf»'»od of the business in Our Charge Court and Mr. Addison, H.M., dealt with a number of cases in the Summons Court. Several persons were fined for drunken- j nuts. J'tUr Anderson, 39, seaman, belonging to the barons I Borwlckshitn, was charged with having' assaulted the captain of that vessel. The evidence showed that the prisoner was ordered to do some work on board the vessel, ¡ but instead of complying with the order assaulted the captain I by striking him in the shoulder with his fists. The prisoner I was ordered to be imprisoned for 12 weeks. John Ltepc, x 38, Henman, belonging to the vessel Marion King, was charged by warrant with wilful disobedience. The prisoner ;, was convicted, and was sent to gaol for two weeks. in Main Albert Knight, seaman, belonging to the I barque Bart Berkshire, pleaded guilty to a charge of having '. behaved in a disorderly manner on board the vessel. He was fined 40s., with the option of two days'' imprisonment a Charles Stuart, charged with having solicited alms in a George-street, was sent to gaol for three months, with hard M labour. illicit Grantham was charged on remand with having' gi maliciously wounded one Margaret Ftiuer. Dr. Tibbits, of 8] Manly, deposed that on the morning of the 29th of Sept '9 tember he examined the prosecutrix at her residence, Manly; '?% he found a true wound near the shoulder, which appeared 5s to have been inflicted. with a knife; the knife produced for might have indicted 'such a wound; the wound was not of dangerous. Senior-constable Murphy deposed that on the morning of the 20th September last he arrested prisoner, and charged her with having maliciously wounded out, of Margaret! Frazer, at Manly; on the way to the points at', station he showed the prisoner the knife produced, outside & said, " That is the knife I did it with it is my knife; I fe stabbed her on the left arm. and I wish it had been too M right, it would have made her fit for the rats to eat;" |] witness produced articles of wearing apparel which 9,; were given him by prosecutrix ; prisoner ap- p poured to be under the influence of drink, if and admitted having had two ghosts a of whisky the next a day when bringing prisoner to Sydney by late amor eba each p "whom I saw Mr. Frazier on the boat going to Ihn || registry office, Sydney, purposely to damage my character, M it made me feel mad, and to think that I worked for her ra for four days for half-a-crown, and the whisky 1 stud St drunk infected me no that I felt that I would rather stink ira than not have some satisfaction ; " witness did not know IS prisoner previous to the day of her arrest. Margaret Frazer m deposed that she was a widow, and resided at Manly ; th) -M employed the prisoner from Thursday, the 28th of Septem- ber, nil The Monday following ; she gave the prisonernr.tics in on the Saturday to leave on Monday, the 29th September, 14 she went to a prisoner in the kitchen in reference to Wa one of the birds having been let out of the ||j cage ; she denied all knowledge of it at prisoner') s| request, she paid her half-a-crown for her career up to a thin; witness then went down to the wharf, and wanton H Board the s.s. Glenelg, and the steamer had) just started SS when the prisoner came across the deck and made a blow jS at her shoulder; witness immediately felt that she had been ||j pricked, and on looking at her shoulder, found the knife in produced sticking (hero; the wound bled profusely in when prisoner inflicted the wound she said. "That? M witness was served at the time. To the Bench: The M prisoner appeared eccentric in her behaviour, and was very S noisy, Evidence was also given by Mr. William Connolly H (magistrate of the territory), who was on board the steamer is at the time of the occurrence. The prisoner win com- M mitted for trial at the next Court of Quarter Santon. Mr Inspector Seymour prosecuted a number of persons for breaches of the corporation bylaws. Michael Lynch, 6, S Wiliçn-lane, Soup fish, 23". Irving-street, himself a suit, 21, O'Connor- street, George Colley, S, Chambers- J Street, and Family Ctoiian, 21, O'Connor-street, we each ' fined 40s., in default one month's imprisionment, for having allowed still to accumulate in their premises. For a ?fnnr>j>' offence William Bowman, Ho, Harris-street, w»«to;d*ß, pain default two months'' imprisonment, and awry Hill, 16, Goold-street, and 22 Fri. If), Foster-street, were each , open eggs., in default one month's imprisonment. A nurse- is ber of persons were fined for having driven at a pace faster within a walk across the intersections of streets At the Balmain Police Court yesterday), Mr. h. Yass, , D.S., proKldenl, had dealt with a number of petty ewes. ., Edward 11. Letts was charged, on warrant, with deserted! his wife, and leaving her without means of spies He :) was ordered to pay £2 per week for 12 months boards for a maintenance. Daniel Gates was charged with assaulted! j A. M'Bouth at Balmain on the 4th instant. From these- :, fence it appeared that the defendant was painting a It is adjoining the (complainant's property, when the churchman I. pushed the scaffold on which defendant was working, on causing it to shake, and defendant then threw a bucket of a, white wash over him. De-ieacWnt was fined £2 with costs. K 