' SUPERSTITIONS OF OUR FOREFATHERS. Owing to the rain on Tuesday evening an unusually small number assembled at the Hotham Hill Wesleyan Church, to hear the Rev. E. I Watkiri's interesting lecture on the above subject. Mr Bell, M.L. A. presided. During an hour the lecturer held the attention of his auditors^ while he glanced in a pithy manner over a great number of supersti- tions derived from our mixed Celtic, Roman, Saxon and Norman parentage. Lucky days were first'noticed, and illustrated by various rhymes, showing how the days on which people were born, were believed to affect their destinies. With reference to the sailor's objection to sail on a Friday, the rev. gentletaen gave an anecdote of an American, who, determined to combat his prejudice; had a ship built, launched, and named on different Fridays. Commanded by Captain Friday, she set sail, but was never again heard of. New Year's Eve and Good Friday customs were then noticed. Buns baked on Good Friday were said not to grow mouldy, and were, hung up as specifics against fire. The origin of using the words " God bless you," on a person's sneezing, was shown to be derived from Jewish Rabbinical tradition. Various superstitions about the moon have evidently come from moon-worship. Shuddering, marks on the finger-nails, the paring of naUs, the; doiibling-up of the thumb within the hand, the burning of candlewick, the howling of dogs, the first butterfly of the season, and a score of other things were shown to have odd superstitions connected with them. In the Orkneys, boys must . be christened before girls, or dire consequences were held to ensue. Giants, mermen and mermaids came in for their share of attention. : Padstow Bay is said to have silted up under the curse of a mermaid who was fired at from its shore. No less weighty men than Bishops Baxter and Jewell, and Judge Matthew Hale have believed in the power of witches As late as 1716 a woman and her daughter, of only nine years of age, were hanged in England for witchcraft. The belief in ghosts is connected with that in the immortality of the soul; The lecturer did not deny that some may have appeared, but thought it not proven, and told humorously how some ghosts have been laid. A Mrs. Alexander bad been buried in a vault in London, and some young men assembled hard by the same night, talking over her death, wagered that one of their number who boasted his bravery, dared not drive a nail into her coffin. As he was absent a long time they went in a body to see what had detained him, and found him in a faint on the floor of the vault. On his being restored to consciousness after being carried out he told how, after driving the nail, the spirit of the dead woman rose, grasped him in her arms and threw him there. One of them more sceptical than the rest investigated the matter, and found that in driving the nail into the coffin he had also driven it through the skirt of his coat, and the shock of being tripped by this means, added to the uncanny surroundings, had produced the unexpected result. Many other good things were told, and it is to be hoped that the next lecture of this series in aid of the School Building Fund, to be given by Mr. A. S. Way, M.A., head master of Wesley College, upon " English Poets of the --Present Day," will meet with a reception worthy of its wellknown high characte v ; _ _ 