MAFFRA. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) Tuesday. The all-absorbing topic for the past week has been the election, but it having been dealt with at such length by contri- buted articles to your columns that I will let it pass by merely saying that "The Ghost," though correct in most of his allusions, was a bit astray in his pedigree of the loser, as the loser could not be fairly called a hard nail, supporting as he does in a fair manner our local institu- tions. But taking everything into con- sideration, I believe the gentleman elected will be found the right man in the right place. It is a pity the cricket match was not commenced on Saturday after your men visiting here, but it was simply impossible to make a start. It is said that the Cup Committee are to be called together, but surely a matter like that can be settled without recourse to a committee's decision. After several very oppressive days, the weather broke up on Friday, and a good steady rain fell the greater part of Satur- day. It cleared off towards evening, but we have had a light shower or two since then. The rain is badly wanted, as the country is already showing the ruinous effects of the long-continued dry weather. The Maffra Race Club has at last awakened from its lethargy, and we are to have races here on the 23rd. The meet- ing is to take place on the Mewburn Park course, kindly placed at the disposal of the club by Mr E. A. Johnson-Böe. It is due to the promoters of the blue ribbon movement in this town for me to state that the good effects of their work are becoming day by day more apparent, and they are continually adding to their lists. I may state, however, that neither Messrs Knox, Kiss, or Bannister contemplate closing their establishments yet. They say they will be able to hold out until a reform takes place in their favour. They do not like the idea of several old friends holding aloof so long. A public meeting in connection with the movement is to be held on Thursday evening in the Shire Hall, when Messrs Mandeville and Hughes will deliver addresses. A rather unfortunate accident happened yesterday to a valuable horse, the pro- perty of a woodcarter named Jenner. His son had been to Newry for a load of chaff, and was returning home, when on ascend- ing a somewhat steep hill, the cart, which was loaded "light on," capsized back- wards, the result being that the poor horse was dragged into the air and hung by the neck till it died. 