©ohm ©alfc. The Lubra arriyed last evening at 6.35, and will sail for Fremantle on Thursday morn ing. The schooner "Sketty BeUe got away for Singapore yesterday morning with a cargo of 140 tons of sandalwood and six horses. Amongst the passengers for Geraldton by the Otway on Wednesday last were the natives committed to take their trial at the Geraldton Supreme Court for the murder of Grundy at the Gascoyne. Mr. Brooking of the Survey Department Perth has been -on a visit to the Victoria district to make an inspection of surveys recently con ducted there. He returns to Perth by the Lubra- to-morrowj Thursday morning. Me. Alanmng desires us to announce tbat he has returned to Geraldton from the Green- ough, and that his photographic studio, in Marine Terrace will be opened to the public up to Saturday, November 1st. His Lordship Bishop Griver has been paying an episcopal visit to the Greenough, Dongarra and Irwin districts. His Lordship will proceed to Northampton next Friday, and will conclude his visitation in Geraldton on November 2nd. We call attention to the fact, notified in our advertising columns, that the share list of the West Australian Fire Insurance Company will shortly be closed. We shall take the opportu nity of referring at greater length to this im portant society " in our next issue. The uniforms for the Northampton Rifle Volunteers arrived by the Lubra last evening, and will be issued to the men without delay. Colonel Angelo will arrive by the Lubra on November the 4th, and will hold a general in spection of the Geraldton and Northampton Rifle Volunteers on the 6th inst. The result of . the Perth Eletion was as follows Leake, 310 ; Parker, 293 ; Scott, 269. It is quite evident that a large number of Sir Luke Leake's personal friends plumped for him, The only consolation we have is that in his posi- tion as Speaker, Sir Luke can do little harm to the popular cause, but then, Dr. Scott might have done it a great deal of good. We would call the attention of ratepay ers to the fact That the -Annual Court of Revi sion of theelectoral list of the Geraldton Munici pality will be held at the Municipal Chambers on Friday the 31st inst. We hope that all those ratepayers whose names are not on the list will aPPly to have them inserted, and will also-at- tend ou (he sSlst. to opject to those hold the franchises improperly. The s.s, Otway, in addition to the Govern or and suite had a numerous passenger list "on her return trip from the north. She brought down 29 fat buHocks for the Perth market, on behalf of Mr. Matt. Price, all exceptionally fine beasts, which should command good prices. The Otway left for Fremantle on Thursday morning, doing the journey in the remarkably short time of 21 hours. The revenue of the colony for last quarter was £58,850 3s. lOd. as compared with £54,146 0s. 6d. for the corresponding quarter of last year. There is a falling off in the land revenue, but there is a very satisfactory increase in the cus toms and. railways receipts. The expenditure for the quarter was £59,185 4s. 2d., that for the corresponding quarter of last year being £52,512 16s. 5d. Mr. Crowther is to be entertained at a dinner at the Hampton Hotel, Greenough, on Thursday November 6th by a large number of his late constituents and present admirers. Considering how much the Champion Bay con stituency owes to Mr. Crowther for his able advocacy of its claims at the last session of Council we expect to see a large number of Geraldton residents present on the occasion. The Flowerdal-e got away from Champion Bay on Friday the 10th inst., taking 55 horses for Mauritius, selected from Messrs. Grant and Anderson's station at N ewmarracarra. The shipment, winch was considered by competent judges about the best of all that have ever left a West Australian port, were got on board with much dispatch, under the active personal super vision of Mr. W. H. Gale, of the firm of Gale, Monger & Co. Representations were made to His Excel lency the Governor during his last brief stay in Geraldton with reference to the vexations char acter of the Dog Quarantine Regulations, to which we recently referred. His Excellency concurred that fixing Rottnest as the only quar antine station in the colony, and not permitting dogs to be transhipped when necessary were hardships, and promised that the subject should receive consideration in the Executive Council. Sir Henry Brougham Loch, Governor of Victoria, has invited Sir- Frederick Napier Broome, together with the other Australian Go vernors, to make a stay at Government House, Melbourne, at the Melbourne Cup time. Sir Frederick -was compelled to decline the invita tion, partly, we believe, on account of his recent absence atdhe North, although it is rumored that His Excellency intends leaving for England at the end of November. According to. the statement recently made in the House of Commons by Mr. Ashley, one of the Under Secretaries of State for the Colonies, His Excellency the Governor will shortly pro ceed to England. We have no doubt that dar ing his stey Sir Frederick will do all in his power to advertise our great unknown colony, and he may be expected among other things to read a paper upon Western Australia at the Royal Colonial Institute, which has never yet been -dope by anyone. Our old friend Mr. T. S. Lodge, who is expected to return to the colony about the close of the present year, has been distinguishing him self in the cricket field in the old country. On August the 6th and 7th, he played with the Old Cliftonians against the United Service Club at Portsmouth, on August the 8th and 9th he play ed with the same team against Horsham, and on the 11th and 12th at Maidstone against Mote Park. We shall be glad to see Mr. Lodge back -for eeveral-'reasons, one of wbich is that we may be sure be will try to resuscitate in our midst a love for the chief of English and Australian games. . We have most of us read of the wonderful performances of Mr. H. Stuart Cumberland and Mr. Irving Bishop in the department of thought reading, and we now have one of those mental explorers in Western Australia. A telegram we received from Albany yesterday states that Lieut. Rose, Miud Reader, Illusionist, and Ventrilo quist, arrived by the Mail Steamer on Thursday last, and opened to a crowded house on Satur day. His successful efforts at miud reading and his ghost seance created great surprise, and it is considered the" best performance ever given in Albany. He visits Fremantle, Perth, York, Ge raldton, and other, towns shortly. We regret to learn that Messrs. Grant, Anderson, and Edgar have been very severe losers in consequence ot the recent epidemic of measles at the North, nearly fifty of the natives employed on.their station at thede Grey having succumbed. to the complaint. Every precaution had been taken by the firm before the expected epidemic made its appearance, the services of a qualified medihal man, Dr. Nicholls, having been secured on the station, and plenty of shelter for the sick natives , was provided. Messrs. Grant, Anderson and Edgar have been long known for their judicious and humane management of the natives who work on their station, and the se vere loss they have just sustained will cause widespread and general regret. In consequence of Mr. James Aitken's sudden defection the prospects of the Reform party in the Champion Bay constituency looked exceedingly gloomy last Thursday morning — the day of nomination. Mr. Aitken's committee, however, worked with energy and promptitude, and placed themselves in communication with Sir. S. Mitchell, making very strong representa tions to that gentleman. The result was that Mr. Mitchell came to the rescue almost at the twelfth hour, and shortly before four o'clock, the period up to which nominations were receiv ed, he was nominated as a candidate for the Champion Bay constituency. Mr. Mitchell's political views are pretty well known, but we shall refrain from commenting upon them until he has addressed' the electors of Geraldton, which he will do to-morrow night, Thursday, at the Masonic Hall. Mr. Mitchell will address the electors at Northampton on Friday evening. It is evident from a letter we have received from a valued correspondent at Northampton that Matthew Burnett's work in this colony Las not been without its good and permanent re sults. Our correspondent writes Yesterday was the first anniversary of the foundation of a branch of the Temperance Union inaugurated by Matthew _ Burnett at Northampton. It was celebrated with great doings — first a tea-meet- ing, which was a very great success in every way, was held in the usual meeting place of the Union, Harvey's big room. It was tremendous ly crowded, -and the tables were as nicely laid out as I have seen them at any of the tea- meet ings here. The ladies who gave tables were Mesdames Patton, Sims, Evans, Moore, Mac- Donald and Lewis. After tea was over there was a torch light procession, reviving vivid reminiscences of the " Social Reformer's " visit. The procession marched down Hampton Road headed by the band of the Northampton Rifle Volunteers. Having gone through the town they returned to the hall and held their concert which I believe was quite as successful as the tea-meeting, although I was not present. The whole proceedings were most creditable and worthy of record, the best feature in connection withtiicm being tJSat some who took a leading part therein werebefore Mr. Burnett's visit, the worst drunkards in Northampton. A deputation consisting of Messrs. Crow ther, duBoulay, and Barratt waited on His Ex- cellency the Governor at the Government Resi dency on Thursday morning last, and presented a petition numerously and influentially signed to His Excellency praying that sittings of the Su preme Court in Bankruptcy and civil sittings of the same Court, might be held in Geraldton from time to time, as .opportunity offered. Space prevents us from inserting . the petition, which had been ably drafted by Mr. Barratt, but it sets forth in very forcible terms the great expense and inconvenience arising from the reference of all civil and bankruptcy cases to the Supreme Court at Perth. We might here remark that it has been suggested that sittings of the Local Court in Bankruptcy might be held at Gerald ton, and the jurisdiction of the Local Court in civil causes might be increased, but these sug- \- gestions are open to two very serious objections. In the first place the work of the Government Resident is quite heavy enough as it is, and in the next place such cases, when opposing counsel take part in them, are often very intricate, and involve knotty points of law. In England the latter fact would not be of much importance, in asmuch as all County Court Judges must be bar risters of not less than seven years' standing, but it need scarcely be" said that no such rule ap plies to County Court Judges in this colony. His Excellency the Governor received the depu tation with great courtesy, and remarked tbat the matter was one which would have to be re ferred to the law officers of the Crown, but at the -same time he expressed himself as being fa vorably disposed towards the prayer of the pe titioners. The deputation then thanked His Excellency and withdrew. The s.s. Natal arrived from Singapore via the northern ports on Wednesday morning last, having on board a large cargo and several passengers. Her cargo from Singapore consisted of 500 packages of rice and sugar for Messrs. Crowther and Mitchell, and 1500 packages of tea, 380 bags of rice, 100 bags dates, and 234 packages of sundries for Fremantle. She also brought down 19 head of fat bullocks for Mr. Alex. Forrest. There should have been 20, but in consequence of the carelessness of those who had charge of the lighterage at Cossack one beast was killed and another was so severely injured that its recovery, was almost hopeless. The ample deck accommodation of the Natal for large stock was especially noticeable, and should strongly recommend her as a stock-car rying vessel. There were also on board 274 sheep, consigned from the Gascoyne to Fremantle by Mr. R.. Campbell. It should be mentioned that the mails were transferred from the Natal to the Otway at Carnarvon in consequence of the Captain having, received the following order from the postmaster at that place : — " Please de liver mails, received yesterday, to Captain Pin- combe, as the Otway will probably reach Fre mantle 24 hours before your steamer." The order was complied with, and the Natal left the Gascoyne about two hours before the Otway. arrived at Geraldton on Wednesday morning, left the same afternoon and arrived at Fre mantle about 15 hours before the Otway. To say the least the order was a slur upon the Singapore service, and one greatly calculated to cause ill-will, and it should not have been issued. The Natal is expected to return to Champion Bay to-morrow, (Thursday), and will take up to Singapore 50 tons sandalwood from Freman tle, and 50 tons from Champion Bay ; also, 50 cart horses from our port, filling up available space at Sharks Bay and Gascoyne with wooL She is expected to be ready to sail about Sunday morning next. The adjourned quarterly meeting of the Geraldton Working Men's Association was held in the reading room on Monday evening last, BIr. Hart being voted to the chair in the una., voidable absence of the President. The minutes of the last quarterly meeting were read and confirmed, and the balance sheet and statement of accounts were passed." The Secretary, Mr. Carson, pointed out that the funds of the Society were not in a very flourishing condition, and a committee was formed for the purpose of organ ising an entertainment to be held at the Masonic -Hall at an early date in aid of the funds of the Society. A reference was made to the Mutual Improvement Society, organised at the •com mencement of the year in connection with the Working Men's Association. Mr. Hart said that accumulation of other work had stood in the way of his doing as much for the Society of late as he would have liked to do, but he thought members generally should also give more sup port to the Society, and not allow the business at every meeting to fall upon the same two or tluee persons, which had been the case up to the present. He suggested that the evening on which the meetings were held — Blondav — was an inconvenient one, and had debarred some from attending, amongst them BIr. T. W. Stroud, whom they all knew to he a very earnest and intelligent man, and who would greatly promote the success of such a society were - he connected with it. Mr. Hart particularly referred to the good services rendered to the Society in the past by Mr. Carson, and called for suggestions as to its resuscitation. Mr. Carson moved that the evening for meeting be altered to the second Thursday in each month; which was carried, and suggested that a programme be arranged there and then for the second Thursday in November. This was also done, several members promising to contribute addresses, readings and recitations. There being no farther business, the meeting closed with a vote of thanks to the Chairman. 