Odd Old Clocks. Ciocks— who ha; old clocks to sell, since eociefy is becoming the slave of time ? ' Japanese bronzes and Ohine-se screens. Queen Acne tables ani ca:Iy Ecg'rih chairs have iaika from favour, and the ta ng most 'dear and desirable to a collector of bric-a-oric is : aa old clock. Not only has it grown to bs ; the correct thing for every properly-arranged ; house to contaia a revolutionary timepiece, | with a conic-like case and a brass dial, hut | tens cf thousands of dollars have been j expended during the last few months by residents of Philadelphia in gathering ancieot : sad curious timepieces. One of the largest I and most interesting of these collections has i been made by Mr. Watmough, 2114 Walnut 1 street. In tae lower hall of k:s house, at tue | fooS of the etaircase, stands a massive French ! clock cf the last century. It is at least 7Ii. | high, upheld by two columns of Spaaish red j ash and adorned with brooza and brass i repousse work. When set in motion a j music-box within plays twenty- four quaint I old minuets and rondeaus o £ the time cf ! Louis XYL, with aa accompaniment from an ' inv;sibk harp and flute. This is srid to have j belonged to Maris Antoinette, end to have j : been in ihe royal palace at Tenants;? daring j | the attack fc> tae Parisian mob in 1792. In j ; another clock of this collection the woiks are ; : contained within a female figure, which j coauget its position from cue foot to I the other, bat the motion is so flight as to bs imperceptible to the eye. yet marked ; enough to move the pendulum, hung upoa a ' ' heir fpring, from side to side. An unique ; ! dedgu as to the form of the dial is fouod in ; | ao ether time-piece, it being apparently ; j simply a thermometer, in the gias tube of | which a fine rod, im king like quicksilver, ; ! risu-s and denotes the hour by i;s position ; I uppoclte to the hour signs on tbe side where j toe degrees of a thermometer are placed. ! Another curious little Japanese masipal ; j clock played what is said by thae versed in j such matters to be a typical Japanese air, but wfaio h sfer ikes the hearer as a fine old Irish jig. A most complicated set cl wheels they must be woich run the astronomical clock made by Habn, of Germany, which is the pride of Mr. Wafcmough's heart, and the crowning glory of his collection. With it alone to furnish the time and move ments cf the heavenly bodies, mankind might destroy all other cIochs. teieseopes and observatories in genera!, sad still two thou sand years from now oould see exactly wnat pasition in space the planet Venus occupies in relatiou to the earth and bud, an i could tell the day, month, and year, withons tbe loss of a single minute. Among a multitude of ciocks made of silver and bronze, of china \ and porcelain, of wood and stone, cf bone, j leather, and ivory, which make up this col- j lection, is one the like of which doubtless j was never seen in America before. It is in the form of a large shallow alabaster vase, suspended from the ceiling by three braes I chains. Within it are the works, sufficient | room being :ci in its centre for two large ! candles. Au-und the neck of the vase is a j cipper ring, o.- which are marked the twelve I Raman numerals, denoting the twelve hoars, | and which is fives' so as to indicate the I time as by their relation to an upright, sta tionary bar, which forms the only hand. When the candles are lighted in a dark room the hour is clearly discernible through the .alabaster, as it hangs suspended half-way between the ceiling and the floor. A German Baron on the Rhine 300 years or more ago had it made to keep him company o' nights and frighten away the ghosts of murdered friends and relatives that haunted his arras- hang bedchamber on the nights when Loud without the tempest thundered And the castle turret shook. 