OHAPTEli X. TJIB PUHflUIT. Tho day before the meeting botween Ed monds and Johnson, Mr. llomeo GufHoa sat before a bright fire in the Albany Chambers, with an open book on his knees. The book was one pf that romantic individual's favo rite " blood-curdlers "-being indeed no IBBB a work than "The Sydney Scalp Seekers"-a fiotion mnoh admired in reading circles at home. It is true that tho author-evolving his ideas of Australia from the depths ol his moral consciousness, as the Gorman did his description of a camel-had made the abori gines talk, think, and aot precisely like Feni more Cooper's equally impossible Bed Indians. He had also pictured Sydney as a stockaded frontier town, surrounded by dense forests, and painted, howling savages; had treated his readers to bison hunts on the Murray in summer time, and otherwise manifested bis supreme knowledge of the " fifth quarter of the world." But it passed muster with the gqllible British piblic, seeing that it bore the mint-mark of ftn eminent publishing firm in liondon.: " Dreadful Creatures I " soliloquised Ur. <3utiles, as he finished' the last page with a sigh of regret. "Poor,Sir Frederick-what he must be Buffering among those savages 1 It's two mails sinco a letter came-I hope his scalp doesn't decorate the wigwam of some'Bydoey warrior. '.Orperhapshe's fallen in love with some bright-eyed forest maiden another case of Inkle ana Y&rico.; Only tor the danger, I wish I had gone. There must be 'some regular genuine sensations out there." Ur. Guffles must have been a very exor bitant tanfl if he wished (or a greater sensa tion than ho experienced when, just as he bad finished-his soliloquy, the door was thrown open, and Falkland entered, followed by Gurzon, Eowler, and the detectivo, while the grinning face of Tom Grist brought up the rear. "Angels and ministers of graoe-I mean welcome, fjir Frederick, welcome from the land of bandits and ferocities 1" exclaimed Ur. Gufllea, with oyes distended to their fullest extent. "Don't bo a fool,- Guffles," aaiS Falkland, smiling. " Help this young man in with the luggage, and then take this telegram to the office. It is to go immediately. Take this young follow with you when yon go-lie is an Australian, and London sights will amuse him." Ur. Guffles, assisted by Tom Grist, went to tho cab. The romantic Borneo could not keep his eyes off Tom. "Uo help you oarry him portmanteau, twiggy vous ?" said Mr. Guffloa, who muttered to himself, " Why, he ain't very red for an Indian. I suppose he understands English." " This is one of their foreign flunkeys I've heard new chums talk about," soliloquised Tom. " Well, I never did try to talk their lingo, but I dare say I can." With this re flection, he replied: "B'pose you grabbeothat handle, matee; shovee it up eoee on my shoulder; mo walkoe him along all Bame piecey feather, you sabce." "That's done it," tnought Tom, with oonscious pride at the SUCCORS of his efforts, aB Guffles oomplied with the request. " I oould always talk to the Chinese cook on the station better nor anyone else; and it's plain all these foreign chaps has the samo yabbcr." Tho luggage was soon brought in, and thtn Ur. Guffles, beckoning to Tom, said, " You comeo now, me take you seo what you stare at-suoh funny tings." " What are you talking that gibberish for ?" asked Falkland, angrily turning round; while tho dcteotive, who instantly realised tho situation, burst into a roar of laughter. "Beg pardon, Sir Frederick," said Mr. GufUeB, raincingly, " but this Australian hem-this Australian Indian only speaks broken English, and so-" This was too much for the rest of the party, who burst into perfect fits of laughter; Tom Grist louder than any. "Why, confound you," said Falkland, when he could speak; " the Australian Indian, as you call him, speaks English as well as yourself-better, perhupH." "I beg the-hem-young man's p\rdon," said GuIUen, " I took him for a ohild of tho forest; and really, liedooa speak very quecrly, bogging youtB, Kti Frederick." " And hang me if I didn't take you for a Frcnohy, and spoke the lingo to accommodate you 1" replied Tom. "There, there, go along-both of you there will bo a better understanding between you' when yoti come baok," said Falkland. Mr. Gulflos led the way, followed by Tom, who pulled out bii pipe and lit. it as he walked kloog, . - > - I ,Jcftr ms'tllia ifl awful," said tho refined I Mr-"Aro there any streets in Aus. / traha, young man?" ,, VT'" rcP'''d Ton), composedly. And do the people there-Die civilised people, I mean-smoke pipes in tliein ?" coil tinued Mr. Gufllcs. Tom stared at him for a" moment, then winked. "I'm not on, mate," he said, "you don t gel a nso out of me." Compelled to endure the infliction, Mr. liuflles turned the conversation. "I suppose you were taught English at an early af[e I he asked. /' 1'ro"7 f»ir>" replied Tom. » Bomewhere about when I learnt to speak. They didn't try it o« before, you soc, beoausa they fancicd it might be waste of time." Then your father was not a warrior perhaps, a great man among his pooplo-and you were not born in the forest and cradled by a squaw, I suppose ? " said Mr. Guffles, ins romance fast departing. "I was born on the ilawkesbury," said lom. " As to my father being a great man, and a warrior, aa you call it, he stood six foot four in his socko, and oould belt any chap on the river. As to cradling, mate, I never took a turn at the diggings. I was brought up on a station. \ Mr. Guffles' ideas had by this timo received 0 severe shock. But be resolved to make one moro effort, and so he said: " Are you partial to firewater?' " Do yon mean rum ? " asked Tom. " No 1 can't say I am; but I could tackle a pint | of stringy it it was in my way now." Ascertaining that "stringy" was colonial for beer, Mr. Guffles forthwith entered a tavern and ordered a pint, contenting himself with a glass of sherry. Tom insistod on enoutmg ' another, and this had the efleot of rendering Mr. Guffles go loquacious that he soon put Tom in possession of his orude no tions respecting Australia. The keynote onee given, the mischievous stockman treated his new friend to such an astounding niiitara of romance and reality, of the sanguinary kind, that Guffles was id a state of gasping admi. ration all the evening, and went to bed to enjoy what he was wont to style "a delicious nightmare.' Next day Tom was sent to the station with uuffles for tho remainder of the lucirace. and returned in a high state of excitement. 1 I've seen liim, boss, I've seen him I" he exclaimed, rushing into the room whore i'Aikia&d; and his friends wore seated. The detective was out, renewing his acquaintance with his old tutor, John Forrester. " Seen whom ? " asked Fowler. , Dewcham trarapl" returned Tom. The chap as oome to Nundle the nicht Mr Curzon was shot. Such a lark I Tie was with another chap, and he and his mate was both dressed like parsons, with blaok rigs-out and white jokers. But X spotted him right on, and dodged him. When I heard him epeals, I was sure of him." i" S8' i0 aay-where is he ? " asked Falkland, on whom Tom Grist's ex oiterocnt had produced a similar effect. « Why, t should say he is far enough off by this time, "plied Tom. It was this way, you see. While we-Gnffles and me-was coming along on the eab from that railway station-Waterloo Bridge you oall it, I think -i saw this core's ugly rang. lie was walk ing along that street that's about as long as George-street and Parramatta-street put together. 11 You mean the Strand," said Fowler. " Go on, never mind description." " Well, 1 jumped off the box, and followed close behind em," oontinued Tom. " They didn't notico me, why should they? Then tho swagman as was turns to his mate and says, 'We've got half-an-hour to catch the Paddington train. To- morrow morning Falkland s intended bride will be the bride of death. Then I jumped into a cab, and came here like a redshank."! Falkland turned white to the Hps, and was about to rush out of the room, when Fowler seined his arm. "Becalm," ho said, "be calm,and leave your friends to act. Tom, fetch a fast oab immediately-or 'two rather. Promise the , men a sovereign each if they use their best speed. Mr. Carzon, stay with your friend. X will have all ready by tho time the cabs come. ' When Tom returned with tho vehicles, Fowler had a heap of cloaks and rugs ready, and a small case under his arm. "Jump in," he said, to Falkland, "Mr. Curzon, you follow with Tom. We can talk wheij we reach the station." Aw®? whirled the cabs, at a pace far above that allowed by the regulations. " Never mind your number being taken," Fowler shouted through the little trap in the roof to the driver. "A ten pound noto will cover all. I will give you twenty. Drive as fast bb you can-it inajase of life and death." Various futile effort! were made by aston lshedpohcemen to arrest their progress, but in vara. At length the panting horses drew up in front of tho mtion, and tho party sprang out Falkland andSowler immediately rushed into tho tolegrapb oflioe, followed by Ourzon and Tom Grist. ; . " A form, quick," said Falkland to the elcrk. " Where is tho message for, Sir," asked the clerk. " Exotor, quick, man, I say," and Falkland stomped his foot in his impatience. "Very sorry, sir," replied tho clerk, with exasperating coolpess; " but you can get no message through to-night. There's been an accident to tho wires, and it will take some hours to End it out and repair it, for there has boena very heavv fall of snow down the lino." "Where is the station-master?" asked Fowler, Eecing that Falkland was utterly over come by this last blow. "I must see him immediately." The official was brought, and Fowlor ex. plained that a murder had been planned, and that in the absence of any warning being sent by telegram, a dreadful catastrophe must ensue. " Very sorry, sir," replied the man, " but I don t see what can bo done. I oan't grant a special train, without authorisation from a direotor. And by Jove, Sir, here comes one." A portly gentleman bustled up to thostation maBter, with an air of importance. " Beg pardon, Sir George," said the official," but these gentlemen are in a dreadful predica ment." And ho related the ciroumstanoes. "Dear me, dear me," exclaimed tho director, "shocking, shocking! The only thing you can do iato hire a special train, and that will ,-wutjjm, ojtuiuunea ivaut land, vehemently. " Eh, what I Falkland Court 1 Why, bless mo, who is it they are going to xnurde. * Falkland Court?" " My cousin Hose," said Falkland, in a choking voice, " my dear, dear Hose, and I, great Heaven, stafld here helptaw as a child!'' " Calm joursoll, Sir Frederick, all will be arrnngod," exclaimod Fowlor, soothingly. " Sir Frederick, is it possible you aro tha nephew of my poor old friend Italph?" said the director. " To bo sure, of course you are ? I recognise tho likeness. Hero, Tliomus, a special train directly, and tell them to send the best and most careful men in tha shed with it." The kind-hearted old gentleman bustled about, and the magic of his prcaonoe proved (very effectivo. In half-an-hour a powerful engine and tender, drawing one carriage, started oil at a apeod of fifty miles an hour. Fowler looked -it his watch, and' made a -mental calculation. "It will be a neflt thing," Vjpftid. «it W3 can keep up this pace we «hah rcach Exeter a few minutes after the train in which those Bcoundrcln arc. L«t u« hope for tin best." He unlocked the case which he cairi«jd and took out several revolvers. Handing 0q0 to each of tlio parly, he said, " Thcro ia'no timo for trifling now. tihoot him like a dog if he oilers the least resistance." Falkland eaid nothing, but there \\\lg a glitter in hie eyes a* ho grasped the weapon and thrust it into liin breast pocket that spcice volumes. Tom Grist quietly tucked the revolver intcr his belt, and winked. "I swore I'd fetch that raddle-faced chap," he muttered to himself, "and if it comes to shooting 1 lather think I'll be among 'em." Curzon, who still wore his arm in a sling, had insisted on accompanying thcra ; and he, too, mentally avowed to do liia best if it carao to a struggle. The journey was a very silent one, for, with the exception of Tom Grist, each man was haunted by a dreadful fear, which he shrank from disclosing, that they might bo too late after all. Tom Grist looked out of the window, the view being a novel ono to hitn. Thcro had been a very heavy fall of enow, and the country was ono sheet of white. The roofs of the houses as they dashed through the stations and towns on tho route werfe heavily laden with snow. The trees in the open looked like sheeted ghosts looming through the murky night. The monotonous rattle of the engine, I the regular clank of the piston rod, gradually died away in Tom's ears as he sank back in a slumber, from whioh ho was not roused until the train stopped. Then ho found that they had arrived at their destination, and got out to hear Falkland excitedly questioning the stationm aster. "In lialf-an-hour ago, sir. Your speoial had to alackcn the last fifty milee, for the fresh fall has almost blooked the line. Horsea? Well, I daresay you can get thum at tho Bull. George, run up and order saddle horses-for how many?-four eaddle horses immediately. The gentlemen will be there before they aro ready. Bad weather for travelling, Bir." Harrying to the Dull, they learnt that only three horses were available; the remaining two having been engaged by two persons who arrived in the regular down train. Not a word wa8 spoken as they waited. An awful sense of an~un pending calamity over hung the whole party. It seemed taeitly understood that Gorgon, as the least useful of the party, owing to his useless- arm, should remain behind. He grasped his friend's hand aB the horses were brougnt out, and said in a low voice, " God blest you, my deqr Falk land ; may you be in ticftal ** On, on, fetlock deep in sfitrir they dflBtied, the steam irom Die horses enveloping them in a haze. The glare from the enow gave sufficient light to show tho road, oven if Falkland had not known it bo well. Tom Grist kept a few paces in the rear-not that he was worse mounted or inferior iu horse manship to this companions. On the con trary, it was his infinite superiority in both respects that dictated the course he was pur suing. Falkland and Fowler dashed along at the top of their speed; up hill and down dale alike. It's go good talking to them chaps, seeing the state of mind they'ro in," said Tom to himself. " But if them mokes ain't bust afore they gets to the end of their journey call me a new cbum, Now, this ain't a bad bit of Bluff I've got across, and I've nursed him up the pinches. It strikes me that when wc gets that long avenue tho swell covo as owns it spoke about, I shall sprcadeagle 'em." Tom's anticipation proved correct. When they reached the lodge the horses of Falkland ana Fowler were thoroughly blown. Both shouted as loud as they could, and tho lodge keeper, half asleep, put his head out of tho window to ask what was the matter. While Falkland was oilliag to him to open j the gate, thoro was a rush, a dark form ^oso in the air, and with a shout of "Follow my leader," Tom Grist had cleared the park walls, and Was tearing up the avenue, taking all he knew out of his horse how that the road lay clear before him. Pulling up the animal at the flight of stone steps, bis qtiiok eye detcctcd an open window. Drawing his revolver, ho entered through the opeuing, and walked cautiously across the room. Trained I bj)? his long experience in the bush, Tom's sight was like a cat's, aud listening intently for any sound, he crept noiselessly in the direction of the grand staircase. As he stole along he heard the faint sound of approach i inghorecs. Then he knew that his friends were at hand, and cocking the revolver, he pro ceeded, muttering, " I've got the lead, and I'll keep it. They're here, or tho window wouldn't' bo open. I'll have the first ehot for the I honor oi Australia. And if I don't put a -set 1 like a new chum's bundto on that raddle-laced chap, may I never akin another 'possum 1" j (To be Conltnucd.) 