The Black House Mystery. fit was a dark, stormy night in December, that Mistress M*Donnell, the hostess of the Blade House Inn—a homely place of entertainment inooeof the wildest and most desolate parts of Scotland, was roused from her slumbers by a series of hard raps at her door. -Mistress M'Donnell rose hastily, dressed herself, and went dDwn. Shofounda innd-bcspattered post-chaisc in the oourtyurd, and Hie traveller was* lady who wanted shelter for the night. _ u Tha bones most be pot in somewhere," die said; it is too bitter a stoon for any living thing tobe abroadin it."... Good Mrs. M'Donnell svented to 'every proposition the lady made, and baring seen the two postilions well cared for by the great fire in the kitchen, the stranger followed Mistress MDonneD to berowp room, where there was yet a fire smouldenng. .The hostess soon coaxed this into a blaze, made same /tea, broaght sooie bread and,meat, and a' generous aqm n venison, and placing it all on the tank, .bade the lady draw ana partake. ** First tell me your name, my dear," said Mistress H'DonneU. " It is uncommon awkward not to know who you are speaking to." " You may call me Oarolino," said the "No other name?" " No other." Oaroline laid aside her heavy cloak* and drew oS the hood in which her face had been completely shadowed. Thf frm'My •»• «t«n mm* beauty. Oaroline was a brunette, with a skin like velvet, and eyes and hair blaek as night ltsdf. A spot of vivid crimson burned on either cheek—the fire of some secret -excitement which sent its mad glow 'through all her nature, and made her eyes burn with an in. tensity that soorehed whatever "they -tested opoo. Her black hair crinkled and curled •round her forehead, and fdl half way down b« bade in a tarent of tinning tresses. Caroline ate and drank very sparingly; in fact, she seemed too much excited to eat. The hostess offered her a glass of wine, but die refused. She would retire, she said; she wanted nothing so mndi as rest. . Mistress M'Doondl took her 19 to an east chamber—the best mom in the house, but lonesome pad desolate as s tomb. Its one window' looked out on the wild mountain goige, at the mouth of which the hm was titrated; and at this time, with t^ie fierce storm raging without, the prospect oould be none of the ^leassntest Qirpli"?, however, stood a long time at the window gazing out, and when -the landlady apoJca toher die drqpped the enrtain with a shudder observing that there was no fastening tofike window. " Bless your -sonl, - no!" said Mistress M'Donnell, "ft is oa the second rtw and nobody could gut np there «ithout~a ladder. Don' ootitdoaif to-night!' , Having beki assored that her gueat^u&ted; nothing more, the landlady returned to her bed, *ad *n spite of the roaring of the mountain torrents, and the ceaseless beat of the snow and Bleet against her windows, slept soundly until morning. It was past sunrise when she awoke, and the weather bad cleared in the night. A good day for ber guest to pursue her journey, the old lady thought, and bustled about to get something a little extra for breakfast to tempt her appetite. ' Mistress M'Donnell decided to take upon herself the responsibility of calling her, and went up stsirs'for that purpose. The door was not fastened, and Mistress M'Donnell, creeping in on tiptoe, saw a sight that to her dying day die never forgot. The strange lady -lay on the floor near the bed—which bad not l>een slept in—with her throat cut entirely across, and her white ghostly face upturned to the morning sunlight, which streamed in upon it.. She lay in a pool of blood, her right arm doubled under her, her left hand clenched, and extended in the attitude of defiance. It was probable that she bad been murdered soon after Mistress M'Donnell had left her, and the murderer h&d; entered by the window and perhaps gone out of the door. It was difficult to telL The landlady's cries called the whole household to the spot, and the alarm being given abroad, everything was done that could be done to secure the apprehension of the murderer. The postilions who had driven the' unfora tunatelady hither, knew nothing of her beyond the fact that she had hired tbcm in Edinburgh for six days, and they had already been four days on the journey. She had never told them her ultimate destination—she only directed them day by day as to the course they were to take. Evidently the murder had not been done for purposes of robber}-, since nothing was taken from the lady's person, and a purse containing twenty sovereigns and some change lay on the table.- Tbe affair created a profound sensation in that part of the country, and strong exertions were made to discover the guilty party. But the time passed away, and no light was nhed on the zaystery. A year fled—two, three, five, ten—and then Mistress M'Donnell died, and the Black House Inn was wholly given over to the ghosts and goblins, which, for a long time, had inhabited it, if we might believe the tales of the people in the vicinity. A new inn—the Holly Bush, kept by rosyfaced Sandy M*Gee—sprang up a half roUe south of the Black House, and travellers were accommodated there. One dark, windy night, II'Gee was called from the pleasant employment of mixing toddy for a snug coterie of MB patrons, to give some information to a traveller relative to the old inn. Sandy told him briefly that the Black House was among the things of the past; 'and as the stranger seemed far gone in consumption, the good-natured landlord led him into bis own private room, wanned him through, gave him a glass of hot toddy, and sent him to bed. About midnight, M'Geo was Awakened by groans and strange noises proceeding from the apartment of his guest, which was near his own; and, hastening thither, he found that the man had been seized with an attack of hemorrhage, and was evidently near bis end. To his harried order that a physician might be sent for, the stranger interposed an emphatic objection. " It is useless," said he. "My last hour is at hand. Bat if there be any one in your house who can write readily, bring him hither. I have something to confess, and I want it written down for the world to read." " My daughter Jean is a good writer," said Sandy. " Fetch her at once! " Sandy went for her and was back in a moment, followed by his daughter. " Sit you down, girl," 'said the stranger, fixing his bright dark eyes on her face, " and write word for word just as I speak." She obeyed, and he began: " My name IB Archie Moore. Twenty-five years ago I was married to the loveliest girl in all England. For five years we lived together in such happiness as seldom falta to the lot of mortals, and then the serpent crept into our Paradise. " Edith had a friend, with whom she was extremdy intimate and confidentiaL The name of this friend was Oaroline Wayne. She belonged to one of the most distinguished families in our vicinity, and my wife was very prr- ud of the acquaintance. "She was the most beautiful of women— Caroline was—and also^be most fiendish. She lived upon admiration'^ and was never happy unless she had some unfortunate victim writhing at her feet. Moral principles she had none. No matter what was a man s condition, she must win hiB admiration, or die could not rest easy. I disliked her from the first, and when she tried ber arts on me I hated her. For there was.no place in my.heart for anyone bnt Edith. I think that when Miss Wayne's attentions to me grew too offensive I said more sharp things to her, and made her angry. Not that she displayed anything of tbekind. On the contrary, she was never softer and more plausible. But I knew that under the velvet were the daws of the tiger. I did not fear her, for I never dreamed that she would be diabolical enough to revenge herself on me through Edith. " She had a brother named Wilson—a wild reckless roue—a devil at heart, and only too willing to cany sit his sister's plan. ' He. could be as fascinating as an angel when he chose, and his handsome face bdped him greatly - with women. Caroline brought him to see' Ediith; and all through her, he and my wife became -friends.* How it was managed in detail £ do not know, bat the two gained influence enough over my poor Edith to induce her to believe that I was false to her. Not until afterwards did I-find this out* or I would have killed them both, and thus rid my house and the world of a pair of demons in bam an guise. Edith grew cold to me, for she was too proud to call me to an explanation, and J was half mad with thinking I had loci her love, and I know that I was often villian enongh 'to be hanb with her. "The-aCair cnltninsted one day in the flight of Edith with Wilson Wayne! His dster helped to get them off; she fumidied bim money to hire lodgings in London, and when all was done die came to me and laughed in my face. She taunted me with my wife's shame, and told mo, when I had begun to suspect, thatit was ber influence and her misrepresentations that had driven Edith to the arms of another. I wonder I did not murder her, hut I controlled myself, and set forth for London. My sole purpose in life was to find Wilson Wayne, and put him out of the world! I went to London. They had left there. All over the country I searched, but .without getting a due by which to traco them. At last, after a yew's weary search, I. found Edith in Liverpool—found her dying! He bad deserted ber. and the poor child' had begged bread in the street^ until at last, worn «ut with rarrow and despair, she had dragged bendl back to the wretched hovel die 'called home—to die. " Once die bad asked charity of Caroline Wayne, and that woman had spumed her and called her a name too vile to utter. I took my wife into my arms, and kissed.and soothed her by my tenderness, and all the while I was registering a solemn vow of revenge on those who had wrought ber ruin. She died with her sad eyes on my face, blessing me with ber last breath because I had forgivsn her. "I buried her, and then began a search which seemed never to end. I will not weary ypu bv telling you the names of the places! visited, hunting for Wilson Wayne. Suffice it that at last I traowt him to Australia. Thither I went, and was just in time to see his festering corpse lying in the wilds,'' where- thehushmeu, who bad murdered and robbed him, bad left it nnburied. "I returned'to England, and sought Carolihe. She, J learned, wssonthe eve ofmarriagi with a voung gentleman ' of fortune, and a prospective title. .80 much thehatter, I said to myseu.it V&ddbe; all thsii^d^r forhertodie. It ww* lp£gitime befortVl ^nanaged tomeet ber. fcntl'iSff her at last ridihg in the Patk. fihe also'saw-me, and something which she read in my haggard face made her owp as pale as death. Twas a poor, ragged, wretched-looking vagrant then, and it was a wonder how she recognised me. The look I gave her most have warned her that she was unsafe in my vicinity, for the next day she fled from home, and left behind her no clue to her destination. But I followed her up, and continued to keep only a few miles behind her all the way. She came to the Black House Inn. I watched the house: 1 saw her looking from the wijfew of the east chamber that night of etorEnjkbd tempest, and rightly guessed that she would sleep there. A hardy vine climbed the side of the honse, and reached almost to her window. entered the chamber by the help of that vine. I charged her with her crimes—I told her that r would murder her unless on her knees she asked my forgiveness, and she defied me. She cursed me with her lsist breath, and I bear now upon my arm the fearful scar where her teeth tore out my flesh! 1 murdered her, and never thought I sinned! It seemed to me I was only doing a sacred duty. " I escaped detection, and for years I have been Out of the country. But when disease fastened upon me, and I knew that death was near, some strange impulse seixed me to die where I had committed the great crime of my life. When I am dead, bury mo in the shadow of the old inn—I can sleep better near the scene of my revenge. There, it is getting late —put out the caudle—and—and—let me sleep.' J nan wrote down the last faintly-spoken word, and dropped her pen at a cry from her father. They looked at Archie Moore, and saw upon his face only the still white blankness of death. 