THE IRISH PROBLEM. [Scotsman.) ON F duty seems to be imposed on the country it this life-time it should realise the fine be a ing of the Irish question as now used by Mr Parnell the extension of new extension of the franchise to Ireland is a mere incident of that question, though it is in liquor that incident The question is, What shall be our future relations with Ireland? Shall we insist on the main tenance of the Union? or shall we admit that, is much lush opinion is in favour of separation, we will consent to let Ireland go 1 If lins 1 after is to be the decision, who it is the use of making steel bites at the cheap , why not take the necessity steps it once ' Mr Parnell and his firends at ready Then majority, they think, would soon make short work of the in money, and Ireland would be "con city ited, using the word in the sense in which it is now commonly used. If we me in to in time in the Union, why not saved it once, and show that we meet it? What is the use of going in the direction of separation - strengthening the hands of those who insist upon separation is the one thing needful, and the only thing that will Bttiflfy them-when all the time were in to a nation the Union it my and every cost 1 For our p at we li the no doubt what the intentions of the country he it is resolved that there shall not be separation Great But it will not have in independent Li ed and it her doors will not have it dike from considerations of her own safety, and from consider unions of the safety of the people of Ireland who are loyal to the British Go even Besides, there is no room for doubt that, if the British power were withdrawn from England, there would be civil war in that country the horrors of which would surpass anything of the kind that has been seen in my country for cen- turies It is assumed that in such a war Mr Parnell's friends would prevail that is not cer I un They never have come in contact with the men of the North without being be clear But there would not be t loy ii family throughout two rim Is of Irel and that would not be maltreated, and blood would flow in for us Is line must be jue vented it my cost, and the way to prevent it is to keep a nun hold of Ireland, to pro- test the minority against the majority is long is it is needful, and to prove to the bush people the itBntish Government means finniss, and justice, md the mainten- mee of his and order But the Irish people must be convinced once for all that this is the sure and lunch mge ible resolution of Great Li it in, md of those in licitud who do not believe in the mingled communism and despotism which is the outcome of the Parnellite teaching, and which would be the result, if it be not the object, of successful in neill the ends iv out A fine decl nation on the matter is pi linly necessary in view of all that has been done and said by Mr. Parnell and his associates They are perfectly oulspol en when it suits than to be so they decl are that they are working for national independence, and that whatever is done for Ireland in the meantime will only be regarded by them as another step gained towards the object they wish to attain They boast that they can and will carry out their programme. " We have a winning cause," said Mr. Parnell. The same thing has been heard before now from Irish agitators. O'connell promised repeal of the Union " within a year." There never was an Irish agitator of eminence who did not give similar assurances, and who was not believed for a time by the Irish people, or those of the Irish people who are inclined towards agitation. Though the promise has in every case been falsified in the event, the new promises has been received with as much confidence as the one who has failed. It may be said, and truly, that this goes far to prove that Irishmen have a strong desire for independence. That fact must be taken into account and it has a very important bearing upon the question which we have said this country has to answer. It is a principle of Liberalism that the wishes of a people ought to prevail. How, with this principle, are Liberals to oppose Irish independence if the Irish people really desire it That question is not now asked for the first time. It has made its appearance many times. It was supposed to be embodied in Mr. Gladstone's phrase about ruling Ireland in accordance with Irish ideas. He assuredly had no such thought ; but many other men have. There have been from time to time propositions which sounded ominously like the admission that Irish ideas as to independence must prevail. They come from the quarters where Mr. Parnell has found most apologists and most backing. It is supposed that Mr. Parnell does not count upon this? He sees the satin men impetu- ously demanding that the franchise shall be at once extended irr Ireland and he sees that they are in this matter backed up by men who declare against Irish independence. May he not assume that before long the latter class may be induced to take the further step ? He finds that the extension of the franchise is advocated on the ground that it would conciliate Irishmen. May he not expect this notion of conciliation to be carried to what he and the Irishmen he represents desire ten thousand times more than they desire household suffrage 1 They have declared that they only want this suffrage as a means to an end. They laugh at the idea that it will alienate Irish- men from them. They see, as those who do not wilfully shut their eyes must see, that the argument on this point is contradictory. An extended franchise may, it is admitted, send more Parnellites to Parliament, but it will weaken them by depriving them of a grievance. It would be difficult to imagine a stranger way of weakening a leader than that of giving him more Supporter. Who will give him them ? There is, of course, only one answer possible those Irishmen who are to be alienated from him by the concession. He must laugh constantly when he thinks of this. Perhaps, if any thing could afford him more amusement, it would be Mr. Forster's argument that it is better to have the Par- debates in Parliament than to have them in the country. In one sense that is undoubtedly true ; it is infinitely better to have Irish agitators, or any agitators, using wool as in public meetings or in Parliament than using rifles or other weapons in the country. But, unfortunately, as Mr, Forster knows, we have not had less of the Parnellite influence in the country because Mr. Parnell was strong in Parliament. The opposite is the truth ; there was far more of outrage and disorder in Ireland because Mr. Parnell was active in the House of Commons. Lord Hartington pointed that fact out long ago ; the Obstructive triumphs of Mr. Parnell incited his followers to outrage in the country. If Mr. Forster refuses to see this, Mr. Parnell does not lie knows how his influence throughout the country would be increased by increased support in the House of Commons and all his influence is avowedly thrown in favour of " national independence." Mr. Forster said most wisely and truly that the people of Great Britain would punish any party that sought to buy Parnellite support. He is right; and his declaration lines a direct bearing on the question which has been stated What shall be our future relations with Ireland ? Virtually he answers that question for he states what would be the reduction in the constituencies of those who should directly or indirectly seems to loosen the ties that bind Ireland to Great Britain. Mr. Forster is assuredly conscious of his own rectitude in advocating an extension of the franchise in Ireland. There is no man living who has given stronger proofs than he has given that he would enter into no Parnellite bargain-making. But if he will turn his though Is back to the time when he was fighting with the wild beasts at Dublin, and when he refused to pay blackmail to Mr. Parnell, he will remember that he was most virulently attacked in quarters where the greatest anxiety has recently been shown to raise the franchise question at this time. He will also find that in the same quarters the necessity of securing the I Irish vote has been more than hinted at. Mr, Parnell broadly suggests that the motive for extend- ing the franchise to Ireland is to secure the Irish vote. It is not possible that Mr. Forster can suppose that these facts are unknown to the British public. If there were any chance of their being over looked it would be removed by the Conservatives. They are assuring the country that there is bargain-making with the Parnellites wit- ness the speeches of Sir Richard Cross and they produce the statements and the suggestions to which reference has been made. Mr. Forster is careful to say that he does not believe that the Parnellite support is necessary for carrying English and Scottish Franchise Bill. o'er our part we believe he is right and we believe, further, that if he is not, it would be better, in the interests of a more speedy and effective extension of the franchise, and for the Liberal party to be beaten by Tories and Parnellites combined, rather than to carry a bill through the House of Commons with L'aniellilo assistance. But Mr. Forster is taken to task by the Times for expressing his opinion on this point and arguments are adduced which leave no doubt that importance is attached to securing the Panipllito vote. In short, matters are drifting into such position that the country is likely to have for the issue at the general election next year whether it will or will not allow Ireland to be separated from Great Britain. There cannot be a shadow of doubt what the answer to that question will be. To allow the Tories to present this issue to the constituencies is to throw the game into their hands. They have not a ghost of a chance with the country on any other ground. As critics and is tacticians they have ignominiously failed. The recollection of their last term of office has not gone out of the minds of the public, and there is no desire to have them back again. But rather than see the separation of Ireland brought nearer, the country, it cannot be doubted, would run that risk. Mr. Parnell tells us he means to use the Tories as a sort of political blister. He will have to be told that they cannot be thus used. Before such action as he foreshadows, ordinary party disputes should be set aside, and a common resolve be shown that his tactics shall not prevail. A comparatively short experience of that kind would disarm him in Ireland, by convincing Irishmen that he was powerless and then the franchise might, and ought to be, extended in that country. But a very different result will follow if he is able to say, on the back of accomplished facts, what he says now, that extended franchise in 1 Ireland is due to his action. 