' inipveitet. A TERRIBLE LEGACY: A STORY OF ENGLISH AND AUSTRA LIAN LIFE. By GE08VBN0R BITNSTBB. Aornon 03 " Jons Houtos'o Wmid ; " " Tun Wit op inn Would "Asst. Biudlbt ; " "Bdood WILD TEED," Ao., Ao. «. ; CHAPTER IX. ' (coxtinded.) ran coiirnsKhATE's mot. Donixa tho voyage homo in tho mail steamer, Edmonds developed a now trait in his oharacter— ho began to drink heavily. . Tho crimes weighing upon his soul, tho tension of his mind durinir tho short Australian career, and tho firm belief that tho blood of Fowler, in addition to that of Sir Ralph Falkland, stained his hands, had their effect at last, n ran nnnn his callous conscience. Thoforoed inaotion on board tho stsnmor maddened him, and he sought relict in tho bottlo. A man of unbridled passions, tbo habit grow upon him rapidly, until it thoroughly mastered him; . and tho caution he hod formerly displayed in tha ozonation of his schemes booamo changed to a mad, unreasoning, monomanioal o raving for revengo on all bearing tho namo of Falk land;" . After his return to London; Edmonds took' lodgings in' a street' oft tho Btrand; and sot to.work to ascertain all ho could oonoorning Falkland,. Going down to Devonshire on a rcconnoltoring expedition, - ho heard, to his groat surprise, that tho ypnng baronet was in Australia, and tha dato.of Sir Eredoriak'a doparturo enabled him to guess' .correctly, its cause. ' Horohuokled with savsgo ' gleo : as ho refleotcd that .tha shot ho had fired at midnight in tho 'Australian bush: had; re-, moved tbo only witness ot Sir Ralph'a miir- dor; and ob ho pondered over Falkland's fruitless mission, a diabolioal idea entered his brain, . . YY- ' 'Y ' He was seated in his lonely lodgings . when ho idea first camo to him. Copiousaraughts ot brandy had only sufficed to stimulata his doyilish imagination';: and as ho realised tho forco of his Suddo'n idea; holaughed in a per- cctfrenzy'of (Might. : " VHal ha I." ho ejaculated," "brandy for inspiratioh i : ITwill ha glorions I Let .him, return, as ho must do' Bhortly, bafflod and downcast. And when ho. goes to Devonshire, to 'seek d little consolation in' tho caresses, of Mb betrothed— ha I hai— ho will find, her dsad 1 ; Dead— aridltheh. ho will visit her grave. Then I will watoh hiin, and with a ballot through hie brain ond tho accursed raoo I " - , '. . . " Tho 'Scheme which woo oonboived in tho de lirium of ' intoxioatod ' frenzy waa matured when , tho morning brought sobriety. , And thus the strong will, of the man was manifest. Liquor was with him at this tinio a passion. Ho suffered the tortures of tho damned until he had satisfied ''Mb intense braving for tho fiery draught. But hie insatiable revenge waa n swootar, dearer passion ;: and ae ho pondered ! over thereafter, aridYealiscd tho foot that a BaoriDco muBt bo Madb ono way or tho other, no Bprang from Ma bod, and swore— no, tno blasphemous homioide, -dared to qppeM to.his Maker to register his fiendish oath— that, so holp hia God, ho intoxicating drink should ga3B liiS jip3 uqtil tho last of tho Falklarids ad bboomo a .thing;of the past; -'And ho kept Mb oath— s6 far oe refraining : from drink was concerned. Sternly and reso- Intoiy ho denied himself tho indulgence | though sleepless nights, unstrung nbivos, and trembling limbs .bctokoncd tho agony it Cost Mm. But at length Nature reasserted her sway— ho had gained tho' victory.' Thon ho set about the acoampliahmont of hia foil pur pose. ' ' ' '' '- . . Holiad asoertainod that Oolonol and Mrs. Cotton had taken up thoir rosidenoo at Falk land Court during Sir Frederick's absence, in preference to removing Boss to- their own nonce." "As tho former body eervant of. Sir Ralph, Edwards had aoquired a kriowlcdgo of every window, passago, and apartment in tho mansion, arid ho exulted at tho thought ot tho doadly una to wMoh that hnowledga oould bo turned. -Admittance onco gained, hp ro- . 'fleeted, ho could easily discovor whoro' the. .different inmates slept. One blow with a dagger, when tho right : npartmont waa reaohccl, and Falkland'o happiness would bo for oyer wreoked. Then liu bethought him of a denlor in old curiosities, living near the Adclphi, in whoso window ho had nocn a long, keen Venetian Dtilotto, just tho weapon ho required. Ho wont at onco to tho shop, and purchased tho articlo. Returning homo to complcto Ins ar rangements, ho jostled against a man turn- : ing tho erimor of Adam-street. An angry ex clamation waa cheeked on cither cido to an ojaoalation of sarpriao no tho men recognised oaoh other. , '! Edmonds 1'.' . " Johnson I " ' "The very man I went," said Edmonds.' "Como with mo." Ha seized Johnson by tbo arm, and walked rapidly towards his lodg ings. Arrived tboro, ho produced liquor and r. gloss. "Drink, " ho caid. "I. cannot join you; I trill explain why presently. What havo you .. teen doing oinco Holt England? YourBharo of tho pluudor from Steel1 haa not done you much good, judging from your present op- poarnnco." Truly. it had not. Tho fivo thousand ' 'Q'sy/uda, obtained by tho iugonious ct-iUvani . i..ron, had vaniahod at tho gaming-tab'o and in dobauchory ; leaving its former posnesor n hlontod, ragEcdi desperate ruffian. ' Edmonds listened to Johnson's talo- with, groat inward 'patiofaotion, ' At last : ho ' said abruptly; 't Do you want ta earn n thousand pounds 7 " ..."Do I?" replied Johnson. "Do I look I o it?" Td murder forty peoplo to havo' Ulo handling of that amount onco more."' i " Yon needn't mnrder anybody for it," re plied Edmonds—" that is, unless resistance is offered, and wo havo to fight for it. Listen to mo. I havo, M you know, plenty of monoy. f will givo yon a thonsand pounds if you. .will |oin mo in ono night's work. I will speak plainly. - 1 am going down to Dovonshiro, to murder a girl. Sho lives in a hooso of which I know ovory. nook and cranny. My pnr. poso is to enter at midnight, find hor chamber; arid stab hor to tho heart. No band bnt mino shall strike that blow, or my vengeance would bo robbed ot half its sweotnees.- Bat I want yon to stand By mo; and.if any alarm is given, keep tho alarmists at bay nntil tho deed is dono. Will you do it? " 7 Johnson, with a frightful oatli .vowed to join him. ' "That is well," said-Edmonds; " nnd now to fix tho timo. Yfo will go down to Exotcr to-morrow, and make all arrangemonta ae wo go. Of conreo wo mnst bo disguised..' If things are favorablo, we will hire a couple ot fast eaddla-horses, rido over to tho Court, and accomplish our object. Tbo horsos can be left outside tho honso, in a plaoo of oonccnl- mont withwhioh I am well 'acquainted. If all is right, wo can bo baok at tho station in timofor tho last train to London. If there is a fight for it, and only ono escapes, ho must mako a dash for tho horses, pistol ono to avoid pursuit, and do hia best on tho other. H I am taken, and you eseapo, yon will havo tho -chcquo beforehand. That yon oan cash and disappear before anything is known— I shall never peach. If tho contrary happens to bo tho case; I rely upon yon in tho snmo manner for seorosy. Now you know tho whole eohema. Stay, tho girl I intend to kill is tho botrotbea of yonng Falkland, to rain whom you did that littlo business down in YorkBhiro." A long conversation cuttuod between tho two ruffians, in tho courso ot which Johnson owned that ho was both penniless and hoina. less, a state of things his appearanco suffi ciently indicated. Edmonds took Mm to a dealer in slop clothes, and purchased for him- solf and Johnson salts of black and other olerical attire. Then thoy visited a hair dressers, and underwent a metamorphosis saitable to their new dress. " This is a rum start," said Johnson, with an oath and a laud laugh, after they had re turned to Edmonds' lodgings and tried. on thoir disguises, A ooaplo of Iamb3, ain't wo?" " , "It's woli's.work wo'ro after," said Ed- .moads. "You may aa well stay hero to night. Ill givo orders for. suppor, and yon will find tho liquor in that cupboard. Bat don't tako too maeh. Steady hands and strong nerves will bo wanted to-morrow night I" CHAPTER X. inn ruasuu. The day before tho mooting botwoon Ed monds and Johnson, Mr. Romoo Guffleo sat before a bright firo in tho Albany Chambers, with an open book on his knees. Tho- book was ono of that romantio. individual's favo rite " blood-ourdlers "—being indeed no less a work than "The Sydney Soalp Seekers"— a fiction muoh admired In reading oirolos at homo. It is true that tho anthor— evolving Ms ideas of . Australia . from tho dopths of his moral consciousness, as tho . Gorman did his description of a camol— had mado tho abori gines talk, think, and aat precisely like Feni- more Cooper's equally impossiblo Red Indians. He had also pioturod Sydney as a stookaded frontior town. Burroundody denso forests, '. and painted, howling savages; had treated his readers to bison hunts on tho Murray in Bummer timo, and otherwise manifested Ma sapreino knowledge of the " fifth quarter of the world." But it passed mustor with the gulliblo British publio, seeing that it bore tho mint-mark of an ominbnt publishing firm in London. . "Dreadful oteatnrcs I 'soliloquised -Mr. Grifiles, as ho finished the laot page with a sigh of regret. !, "Poor Sir Freaoriok — what .he must.be suffering among those savages 1 It's two mails sinoa a letter oatne — I hopo his soalp ' doosn't. deoorato tho; wigwam of' some Sydney warrior. . Or perhaps ho's fallon in lovo with some brightmyod, forest maidon— another caso of Inklo and Yarico. Only for tho danger, I wish I had gono.- There must be some regular - genuine, sonsatiorie oat tliero.'.' . . Mr. Gaffieii must liavd. been a very exor bitant man if ho wishod for n -greater sensa tion than ho oxporionccd when, just us ho had finished his soliloquy; tbo -door waa thrown open, and Falkland entered) followed by Cu'rzon, Fowler, arid the dotcotivo, wMlo the grinning face of Tom Grist brought up tho rear.: "AngelB and ministoro of graoa— I mean woleomo, Sir Fredoriok; wolcomo from tho land of bandits and" forooities 1" oxolaimqd Mr. Gufuos, with oyos distended to thoir Xqhcat extent. ..... .'" ; " Don't bo a fool, Guffies," said Falkland, smiling. " Help tMs young man in with the luggago, and then take thiB telegram' to tho ofuco. It is to ' go imriiodiately. Take thia yonng 'follow with yon whon you go— ho io an: Australian, arid London sights wfll ainuso Mm." ' - i Mr. Guflles, assisted by. Tom Grist, went to tho oabl .. . Tho romaritio Romeo could not. keep hia eyes off Tom. ; "Mo holp you carry him portmanteau, twiggyvous ?" said Mr. Guffies, who 'muttered to Mmsolf, " Why, ho ain't very red for an Indian. .1 supposa lia understands English." " This is ono of their foreign; flunkeys I'vo lieard new choms talk ahout)" soliloquised Torii. " Well, I nover did try to talk thoir lingo, but I daro say. I oab." -With this ro- .fleotiori, ho ropliod : ' . "8'poso yon grabbeo that handle, mafcoj shovee it. up soco on my shoulder ; mo walkos Mm along all eamo piecoy feather, you oabeo." :." That's dono it," thought Tom, with conscious' pride at tho bucocbs of his efforts, as Gufilcs complied vritli tho request. " I eould always talk to tho Chinese cook on tho station bettor nor onyono oloo ; audit's plain all the.:; foreign chaps lien tho namo yiihlier." ..The luggago waa soon brought in, and then Mr. Guffies, beckoning to Tom, said, " You comco now, mo tako you see what you stare ot — suoh funny tings." " What are you talking that gibberish for ?" asked. Falkland, angrily turning round; whilo tho . dotcctivo, who instantly realised tho situation, burst into is roar of laughter. "Beg paidon, Bir Frederick," said Mr. Guffies,- . minoingly, " but this Australian— hem— tMs Australian : Indian only speaks broken English, and so — " . This was' too muoh for tho rest of the party,' who burst into perfect fits of langhtor; Tom Grist loudor than any. _. / " . " Why, confound you," , said Falkland, whon he could speak; "tho Australian Indian, r.B you call him, speaks English us well os yonrsolf— bettor, perhaps." 1 "I beg tho — horn— young man's pardon,1.' said Guflles, "I took liim for a oliild of tho forest; and really, liodocu speak voryqucerly, begging yours, Bir Fredoriok." "And hang mo if I didn't tako you for a Frcnchy, and spolio tholingo to acoommodato you I" ropliod Tom. " There, tliore, go along— both of you — thora will ha. a hotter understanding between .you vriicri you como baok," snid FalKland. > Mr. Gufilos led .'tho way, followed by Tom, who puliod out Iiifl pipo and lit it no; ho walked along. ' '. ."Dear mo, this is awful,". said tho refined. Mr. Gnfilos. " Aro thoro any otreotB in Aus- j tralin, young man?" . " Ono or two," replied Tom, coinposodly. "And do tho .pooplo thoro— tho oivilised peoplo, I moan— sinoko pipca in them ?" con tinued Mr. Guflles. Tom stared at him' for .a moment, thon svinked. " I'm not on, mato," ho said, "you don't got a risa out of me." Compollod to cnduro tho infliotion, Mr. Guflles tnrncd tho oonvarsation.v " I suppose yon woro taught English at an early age?" ho asked. " Pretty fair," replied Tom. "Somowhero about when I learnt to speak. ' Thoy didn't try it on before, you see, becauso thoy fanoiod it might be waste of time." ; "Then your father was not a warrior— perhaps, a groat man nmong Ms pooplo— and you were riot born in the forest and oradlod >v a squaw,, I supposo7" said Mr. Guffies, his romance fast departing. "I was born tin tho Hawkcsbury," caid Tom. 11 As to my father boing a great man, and a warrior, aa you call it, ho Btoodsix foot fonr in Ms sooks, and oonld belt any chap on tha river.. As to cradling, mato, I rievor took a tarn at tho diggings. I was brought np on a station." Mr. Guffies' ideas had by thia timo.recelvcd a severe shook. But ho resolved to mako ono moro effort, and so ho said : "Aro you partial to firewater?" « Do you moan rum ? " asked Tom. " No. I can't say I am ; but I could taoklo a pint of stringy if it was in my way now." ' Ascertaining that "stringy" was colonial for bocr, Mr. Guffies forthwith cntored a tavern and ordered a pint, contenting himself with a glass of oharry. Tom insisted on "shouting" another, and, this had tho ofleot of rendering Mr, Gaffies so loqnacious that ho soon pat Tom in possession of bis orudo no tions rospeoting Australia. Tho keynote onoo given, tno mischievous stockman treated Ms now friend to suoh an astounding mixtnro of romance and reality, ot tho sanguinary kind, that Guffies was in a stato of gasping admi ration all tho ovoning, and wont to bed to onjoy what ho was wont to stylo " a delloioas nightmare." Next day Tom wae sent to tho station with Guflles for tho remainder of tho luggage, and returned in a high stato of oxeitement.. " I'vo seon him, hose, I'vo soon him I" ho oxeiaimcd, rushing into tho room where Falkland end Ms friends woro eoated. Tho dotcotivo was out, renewing his acquaintance with Ma old tator, John Forrester. " Seon whom ?" asked Fowlor. "Thonowohum tramp I" returned Tom. " Tho ohap ae ;como to Handle tho night Mr. Curzon was shot. Suoh a lark I Ho was with anothor ohap, and ho and hia mate was both dressed liko parsons, with black rigs-out and whito chokers, But I spotted him right off, and dodged him. When I heard him spoak, I was oura of him." "And what did ho- say— whoro is ho?" aBkcd Falkland, on whom Tom Grist's ex citement had 'produced a similar effect. " Why, I should say ho is far enough off by this timo," replied Tom. "Itwos this way, you see. While wo — Guffies and mo — was coming along on tho cab from that railway station— Waterloo Bridge you aall it, I think — I saw, thia cove's ugly mug. He was walk ing along that street that's about us. long as George:streot and Parramatta-ptrbst pat together." " You mean the Strand," said Fowler. " Go on, never mind dqscription." -Y Well, I jumped off tho box, and followed oloso behind 'em," oontinued Tom. " Thoy didn't .riotico me, why should thoy:?: Thon tho awagman as was . tarns , to his mato: and says, 'Wo'vo got hailf-an-hour to' oatoh tho Foddingtori train.' .To-morrow morning Falkland's intonded'brido will bo tho brida of death.' Then I jumped into a oab, arid camo hero liko a redshank.'!) , Falkland turned whito to tho lips, arid was abont to rqBh ont of the room, whon Fowlor Boized his arm. ' > : _ "Bo calm," he. said, "bo calm, and leave your friends to aot. Tom, fetch a fast oab immediately — or two rathor. ' PrQmiso the' mon a sovereign eaoh if thoy uso thoir best, spood. Mr. Ourzon, stay, with your friorid. X win iiuvu au. reaay Dy -cno vimo coo -.eaus. COIgO." : When Tom returned with tho vohiolos, Fowler had a heap of oloaha and rags ready, and a snlall case undor Ms arm, "Jump in, " ho said, to Falkland, !' Mr. Oarzon, yon follow with Tom. , Wo can talk whon we roaoh tho station." ' : Away whirlod tho oabs, at a pace far abovti . that allowed by tho regulations. ' ; "Nover mind your : number- being taken," Fowler shouted through tbo littlo trap in tho root to tho driver. " A ten pound noto will cover all. I will givo you twenty. Drive as fast as you oan— it is a oaso of life and doath." \- Various futilo efforts were made by aston ished polloomsn to'arrest thoir. progress, bnt in vain. At length tho panting horses drew out Falkland arid Fowlor immodiately rnshct into tho holograph office) followed by Ourzon, and Torn Grist. " A form, quick, " said Falkland to the olork. .... ' ' "Whoro is the message for, Sir," askod tho clerk. ; ".Exeter, qniok, man, I'say," and FolMarid stamped hie foot inhis impritionce. -" Very sorry, sir," replied tho olork, with exasperating coolness ;," bat you , oan get no mcssago through to-night.: There's hoon an aooidont to tho wiros, and it will , tako somo hours to find it out and ropairit, for therohaa boon a very heavy fall of snow down tho lino." : "Where is tno sf atiori-niastor 7 j1 asked Fowlor, seoing that Falkland was utterly over- coma by .this last blow. "I must aco Mm immediately." ' . : Tho official was brought, and Fowlor ex.' plained that a murder had been planned, and that in tho absonco of any warning boing sent by telegram, a dreadful eata'atropha mast eusuo. : . - "Vciry sorry,- olr," ropliod- tho man, "but I don't see what oan ho dono. I can't grant a spcoinl truin, without uuthorisation from a director, And by Jovo, Sir, here comes ono." Aportiy gontlcman hustled up to tho station- mostor, vritli an air of importance. "Bog pnrdon,SirGeorpo," Said tho ofalolal," but theso gcntlcmon aro in n dreadful prcdioa- mcnt." And lia related tho ciroumstauccS. " Doar mo, dear mo," oxolaimcd tho director, can do is to hiro a Bpccial train; and that will bo oxpenaivo, fifty pounds at loast." . "I will givo fifty times tho amount toreaoh Falkland Court to- night," oxolaimcd Falk land, vehomoutly.V . "Eh, whatl l?alkland CourtI Why, bless mo, who is it they aro going to murder at Falkland Court?" : "My cousin Ross," said Falkland, in. a oliolting voico, "my dear, dear Ro30, and I, great Hcavon, otsndhoroholploosnsaohild 1" " Calm yourself/ Sir Frederick, all will bo 'arranged," cxelaimbd Fowler, oootMngly. ' " Sir Frcilcriok, is it possibio you ura tha ncphow of my poor old friend Ralph? ".oaid tho director. "To bo euro, of courso you are; I recogriiso tho likoncss. Horo, Thomas, a special train directly, and tell them to send tno best and mostoarcfal mon in tho shed with it" r . '. The kind-hearted old gentleman hustled about, and tha magia of Ms prcuonco proved very offcctivo. In hnlf-nh-hour n powerful, engino and toudor, drawing one carriage, started off at n spood of fifty miles an hour. Fo\vler looked at his watoh, and mado a mental oalaulatlon. " It will be a near thing," bo said. "Ifws oan keep up this pacs wo shall, reaah Exeter a fow minutes after the: train in which thoeo Bdonndrcls aro. Let ris hope for tbo best." Ha anlooked the case whioh ho Carried, and took out several revolvers. - . Handing ono to each of tho party, he said, " There is no timo for trifling now. - Shoot him liko a dog if ho offers the least resistance."- Falkland said nothing, bat thoro was a glitter in his oyos as ho graspod tho weapon and thrust it intohis breast packet that spolio volumes. Tom Grist quietly tuokod tho revolver into his holt, and winked. " I swore I'd fetoli that raddla-iaccd ohap," he mattered to himeolf, " and if it comes to shooting I rathor think I'll ba among 'cm." Cnrzon, who still woro his arm' in a sling, had insisted on accompanying them ; and ho, too, mentally avowed to do hia brat if it camo to a struggle. Tho journey was a very silent ono, for, with tho exception ot Tom Grist, each man was haunted by a dreadful fear, which ha shrank from disclosing, that thoy might ha too lato aftor all. TomGrisi looked oat of tho window, tho viow boing a novol ono to Mm. Thora had boon a vory heavy fail of snow, rind tho country was one sheet of whito. - Tho roofs of 'tho houses ae thoy dashed through the stations' arid townn on tho route were heavily laden with snow. Tho trees in tho open looked liko Bheetod ghosts looming through tho murky night. Tho monotonous rattla of the engino, tho regular olonk of tho piston rod, gradually died away in Tom's oars as ho sank back in a olambor, from wMoh ho waa not ronsed until tho train stopped. Then he found that thoy had arrived at their destination, and got out- to hear Falkland excitedly questioning tbo stationmastor. "In balf-an-hoar ago, cir. Your speolal had to slaoken tho last fifty miles, for tbo fresh fall has almost blookcd tho lino. Horses? Well, I daresay you can got tbom at tbo Bull. George, run np and order saddla horses — for how many?— louy saddlo horses immodiately. Tha gentlemen will ho there before they are ready. Bad weather for travelling, sir." Harrying to tho Bull, thoy learnt that only threa horsos were available; tho remaining two having been engaged by two persona who arrived in tho regular down train. Not aword was spokenas-tboy waited. An awful senso of anriinponding' calamity over hang tha wbolo party. It seemed tacitly understood that Curzon, as tho least useful ol tho party, owing to his useless arm, should xomain behind. Ho grasped his friend's hand as tho horses were brought out, and said in a low voico, " God' bless you, my dear Falk land ; may yon bo in timo I " On, on, fetlook deep in snow tlioy dashed, tha steam from tha horses enveloping thorn. in a hazo. Tho glare from tbo snow gavo sufficient light -.to show tho read, oven if Falkland had not known it so well. Tom Giist kopt a fow paces in tho rear— not that ho was worso mounted or inferior in horse manship to , his companions. On tho con trary, it was hiBinfinito superiority in both respcots that dictated tho oourso ho was par- Buisg. Falkland and Fowler dashed along at tha top of thoir spood ; up hill and down dalo aliko. .-.,.- It's no good talking to . them chaps, seeing tha state of mind they're in," said Tom to Mmsclf. " But it them mokca ain't bust ntoro thsy gets to the end of their journey, call me a new ohum. ; Now,, this ain't a'bad bit of stuff I've got' across, arid I've named him up tho pinohea.. -It strikos mo that when wo gets that long avonuo tho owoll oovo as owns it spokp about; I shall Bpreadosglo "ein." , : Trim's anticipation proved correct; When they reaohod tho lqdge tho horses of Falkland ana Fowler were thorougMy blown. Both shouted sb loud' as thoy oould, and tho lodge- keopor, half asleep, put his head out of tho window to ask what was tho matter. \- Whilo Falkland was calling to him to open tho gate, there was a rush, a dark form roso in tha air, and .with a about of "Follow my loader," Tom. Grist had oloarod tho park walls, and was tearing np the avonuo, taking all ho know ont ot his horso now that tha road lay clear before him, Falling rip tho animal UL UiU AUgUls . U1 tHQUU UVepSy 1110 l|UtUU> oyo detected an opon window. Drawing his rovolvor, ho entered through tho opening, and walked cantiriUBly aoroBS. the room. Trained by". his long -experience in tho bush, Tom's sight was liko a oat's, and listening intently for, any sound,- ho, orept noiselessly in tho direotion of the grand stairaase. As ho stolo along ho lioard tlio faint sound of approarih- irig horsps. Then ho know that Ma friends woro at hand, and hooking tho revolver, hri pro ceeded, mattering, " I've grit the load, and I'll keep it. Thoy'ro hero, ortho-window wouldn't bo open. I'll havo tho first shot for- tha honor of Australia, Arid if I don't put a sot liko a new ohum's buadio on that raddle-faced ohap, may I novor skin another 'poBsum I " (To lis Continued.) 