CAULFIELD TRAINING NOTES. Tbo beautiful weather which prevailed yostor- dny morning rendered an early visit to the Caul- field racecourse exceedingly pleasant, although tbo work performed on tho training track was uot of a very interesting nature. But apart from the satisfaction of witnessing the horses going through thoir exorcises, a dance at the nrettv courso of the V.A.T.C. at this period of tho year is highly gratifying. Tho lawn an 1 saddling pad docks aro in spLndid order, being profuso'y covered with luxuriant grass, which gWca a de lightful aspect to tbo wbolo surroundings. In point of condition the running ground is equally perfect, and makes tho anticipation of a day's racing on it very ogrceublo. At tho pro- sent timo there are about sixty horses in training on tho coarse, only a tew of which, Low >vort nre engage I in tho chief events of tho appt(rach« ini; EOiBon. Of tboso still remaining in tbe Caulfield Cup, Yately, Tho Ghost, Nor folk and Camerine aro porhaps in tbe best condit on, and go through their preparation creditably. Tbe two firstnamod horses are par ticularly woli, nnd tbe friends of tbe s m of War like iuchno to tbo idea that ho will bavo a good outside chance of winning tho greit Caultiold race. Conspicuous by thoir ab- cnco from Caul- field aro Uey wood's strng, «ho, toelnding tbe Cnulfield Coo horso Chuckster. have this season been removed to Mr. Ileywood's private conrsn at Dandonong, vhsre thoy sro utidorgo'ng their preparation. Yesterday morning Cupola, w: o is in fine term, was given three rounds at a moderate pace, whilst Cori'dauus, Sir Samuel, The Bohemian. First Pop and Violet wero trc.itod to similar exercise. Mr. J, G. Reid aeht The Gb03t, Norfolk and Tumult serviceable wo'k for a couplo ot rounds, ail three showing good lorm. Spartan strode along at a good pace for throe rounds, and Caraorine, Dargo, Ditto and David conducted theuuelvo quietly for a few rounds. The following other horses were given genllo work :— Tanusticltor, GihJeroy, Egbert, Tippity Witcbitt, Canute and Merry Fenella, 