A SKZLTG1KUEGICAL OPERATION. I The American Ambassador at Vienna, Mr Kasson, has lately forwarded to his Govern ment an Interesting account of a remarkable surgical operation lately performed by Pro fessor Billroth, of Vienna, which, wonderful to tell, consisted in the removal of a portion of the human stomach, involving nearly one third of the organ—and, strange to say, the patient recovered-—the only successful opera tion of the kind ever performed. The disease for which fhig operation was performed was cancer or the stomach, attended with the fol lowing symptoms:—The appetite is quite poor. There is a peculiar indescribable dis *tre33 in the stomach, a feeling that has been described as a faint "all gone" sensation t a sticky slime collects about the teeth, especially in the morning, accompanied by an unpleasant taste. Pood fails to satisfy this peculiar faint sensation. ; but, ou the contrary, it ap pears to aggravate the feeling. The eyes are ' sunken, tinged with yellow ; the hands and feet become cold and sticky—a cold perspira tion. The sufferers feel tired all the time, and sleep does not seem to give rest. After a time the patient becomes nervous and irritable, gloomy, his mind filled with evil forebodings. "When rising suddenly from a recumbent position there is a dizziness, a whistling sensation, and he is obliged to grasp something firm to keep him from falling._ The bowels costive, Iberian dry and hot at times ; the blood becoming thick and stagnant, and does not circulate properly. : After a time the patient spits up food soon after eating, sometimes in a sour and fer | mented condition, sometimes sweetish to the I taste. Oftentimes there is a palpitation of the | heart, and the patient fears he may have heart disease. Towards the last the patient is enable to retain any^ food whatever, as the opening In the intestines becomes close, or nearly so. Although tins disease is indeed alarming, sufferers with the above- named symptoms should not feel nervous, for nine hundred and ninety - nine cases out of a thousand have no cancer, but simply dyspep sia, a disease easily removed if treated in a proper manner. The safest and best remedy for the disease is SeigeTs Curative Syrup, a vegetable preparation sold by all chemists and medicine vendors, and the "proprietors, A. J. White (Limited), London, .England, or the Wholesale Agents, Felton, Grimwade & Co., Melbourne. This Syrup strikes at the very foundation of the disease, and drives it, root and branch, out of the system. Waterloo House, London Stiie, Chi3wick February 17 th, 1SS2. Messrs White and Co., London. Gentlemen.—It is with great pleasure that I add my testimony to the wonderful effects of " SeigrFs Syrup." For years X have been suffering from bilious attacks, which began with giddiness ; then a mist would come before my eyes, so that I should not be able to recognise anyone, or anything at a distance of a yard or two from my face. This would be followed by excessive trembling of my knees, so that I could not stand without support; after which a severe headache would occur lasting over two or three days, I have tried various remedies for these distressing symptoms, but until I tried " SeigeFs Svrup" 1 had no relief. Since then I have had excel lent health in every respect, and if ever X feel a headache coming on X take one dose of the Syrup, which arrests it. Hoping that this testimonial may be the means of inducing others (who suffer as I used) to try the* Syrup, as I feel sure they will receive speedy benefit and ultimately be cured, I beg to remain yours faithfully, A. H. HoBXoif. Last-street Mills, Cambridge-heath, London, E.C., -July 24th, 1S32. "Sir,—It gives me great pleasure to be able to add my testimony in favor of your valuable Symp as a curative agent. I have suffered for some length of time from a severe form of indigestion, and the long train of distressing symptoms following that disease. I had tried ail possible means to get relief, by seeking the best medical advice. I had swallowed suffi clent of their stuff to float a man-or-war, so to speak, but all to no avail. A friend of mine, coming oatke scene in the midst of my suffer inss, brought with Mm a bottle of your Siegel Syrup ; he advised me to try it, stating he felt confident it would benefit me. Being weary of trying so many drug?, I condemned it before trial, thinking that it could not possibly do me any good, but ultimately determined to take the Syrup. After doing so for a short time it worked such a change in me that I continued talon £ it for nearly two months, and I then felt thoroughly cured, for I have discontinued its use for live weeks, and feel in the best of health, and can partake of any kind of food with ease and comfort. I am therefore thankful to you that, through the instrumentality of your valuable medicine I am restored to the state of health X now enjoy.—Yours truly, To Mr A. J. "White. W. S. Forster. September Sfcb, 1883. Dear Sir,—I find the sale of Seigel's Syrup steadily increasing- AH -who have tried it speak very highly of it3 medicinal virtues: nno wsfnmpr fie n "finflson/l fn one customer describes it as a "Godsend to dyspeptic people." I always recommend it with confidence. Faithfully yours, (Signed) Vincent A. Wills, Chemist-dentist. St, Mary-street, Peterborough, Yovember29th. 1SSL, Sir,—It gives me great pleasure to inform you of the benefit I have received from Seigel's Syrup. I haye been troubled for years with dyspepsia but after a few doses of the Syrup I found relief, and after taking two bottles of it X feel quite cure d. I am, Sir, yours truly, Mr A. J, White, William Brent. Important to Country Buyer.—Send your Drap.ery orders direct to GEORGE and GEORGE, the great Cash Drapers, Fat terns post free. Best Value in the Colony Kote difference in price. GEORGE and GEORGE, Federal Emporium, Melbourne. A Cure for indigestion, town ess ot spiris, wind, spasms, diseases of the kidneys, palpa tation, nervousness, eruptions, liver and sto mach complaints will be found by taking KEPiNorS FILES OF HEALTH, a safe remedy, containing eclectic vegetable ingre dients, discovered by the researches of medical men to be most beneficial for the above di seases. These Pills purify the blood, and in vigorate the system, and may be taken by both sexes. Boxes, Is and 2s Gd. W. H Kernot, Chemist,! top of Moorabool-street,t Geelong and Storekeeper?. Q conn's Celebrated Egg Fowdbb. Ac knowledged to be the only real substitute for eggs yet discovered. Its action on cakes and puddings, etc,, resembles that of the egg in every particular, enriching them in color and flavor, rendering them most wholesome and nutritious. One sixpenny tin will go as far as twenty eight egg*. Be sure and ask for Quinn s. Sold by all Grocers. Dr. Scott's Aromatic Quinine Wike,— The purest stimulant in the world ; infinitely superior to brand or whisky, and is now the most popular drink throughout the colony. Certified by the medical profession as the purest stimulant procurable as a tone and stimulant. Cannot be surpassed, giving tone and life to the symptom. Ajl grocers and hotel keepers be sure and ask for—Dr. Scott's Quinine Wine. Sold by all Grocers, ToWLE'S PENNYROYAL AND STEEL PlLLS FOB Females quickly correct all irregularities,and relieve the distressing symptoms so prevalent with the sex. Boxes 2s 9d, of all Chemists. Prepared only by E. T. Towle, ^Chemist, Nottingham, England. Agents for Melbourne —Rocke, T'onipsitfc and Co., Wholesale Druggists r Hemmons and Co., Wholesale Druggists ; William Ford and Co., G7, Swans ton-street. A Card.—To all "who are Suffering from the errors and indiscretion of youth, nervous weakness, early decay, loss of manhood, etc., I will send you a recipe that will cure you, free of charge. This great remedy was discovered by a missionary in South America. Send a self-addressed envelope and six-pence to prepay postage to the Rev. Joseph T. ;Inman, Stati Dc Hew York U'&.A. Ghosts.—An attempt is bein made in the old country to revive the belief in visitants from another world, and many are the won derful stories that fill some of the journals. The sceptical mind is, however, inclined to adopt Scrooge's remark to Marley's ghost : "How do I know that you are not a bit of undigested bread f* for, of all the ghost pro ducers, a bit of "heavy" bread is the most potent. It is a wonder, therefore, that people do not adopt the surest spell against ghosts by using Borwick's Gold Medal Baking Powder in making bread; for, although it won't "raise ghosts," it will raise bread in the most admirable fashion. Every wise store keeper has it by him, and every good house-, wife buys it Balmy sleep, good digestion, rich blood, elastic step and cheerfulness in Hop Bitters. Read and believe. 