GHOSTLY VISITANTS. About four or five yean ago, Mr. E. T. Smith, a well-known London impreaaario, died enddenly at hie honee at Kennington. Knowing the old gentleman welLI called to condole with hie young widow the second evening after hie death. I found her and the two children and ,he maid servant in a very hysterical condition. They solemnly affirmed that, about an hoar before, the corpse had knocked at the street door. The servant opened it, 'and instantly fainted. The widow heard her dead husband's voice moet distinctly ; so did the two children and a lady visitor, an old friend. The whole party were in a terrible etate of nervous fright — quite unmistakable as to its reality. It appeared that the ghost had knocked, shown himself to the aervant,eaid something, then vanished. All agreed on these points. I went upstairs alone, no one volunteering to accompany me. As I, of coarse, knew wonld be the case, there was the coffin with its con tents intact. Evidently nothing had been disturbed since my old friend had been com fortably prepared for his long sleep. I reported this feet to the family (the visitor had gone home), bnt this made no difference in their belief. The corpse cer tainly had knocked at the hall-door. The evidence of the wife, two children, the friend, and the servant, was not to be argued down by any theory that I could suggest, and I began at last almost to believe the story myself, so certain were they one and all. _ As a ghost story, it was quite complete. No eridenoe coold be possibly more truly given, or by more trustworthy persons. None of them were at all ofa dreamy, imaginative, poetical temperament. On the contrary, every one was about as commonplaoe aa a Cheshire cheese. Nevertheless all were genuinely in a very excited state. I suggested fetching their medical man, and was about going for him myself when there came a tap, tap, at the front door, which was recognised Bt onoe by Mrs. Smith as her late husband's old familiar knock. The nwil mtw. rushing into the room saying, " Oh, mom, there he is again ! Whatever ia to be done! Ismenre I can't go and face it." Just then another solemn doable tap was echoing through the house, which I undertook to answer. It was about six o'clock on a misty antnmnal evening, so, of coarse, quite daskl I opened the door, and sure enough there stood the dead man cn the step, dressed about the same as I had seen him for years. I didn't faint, bnt candidly admit that I wanted some brandy badly. " Walk in, Mr. Smith," said X at last, fully prepared to believes in solid ghosts as long as I lived. " Ob I may some in now, may X ?" "'i Mr. Smith. When I was here last night you all seemed out of your eenses, so I sloped. Pray, when do yon btuy my brother This simple question at onoe explained the mystery. The ghost was a twin brother, who had been out of England for some years. He was totally unknown to the widow, who, in fact, had never beard of his- existeuoe, the brothers having quarelled and parted a long time ago. Having seen a notice of the death in the Timet, he Had resolved to attend the funeral as chief mourner. This he did, and every one was struck by his likeness to his late brother, both in voice and person. Now, if the old gentleman (nearly so) had taken offence at what be might have consi dered the scurvy treatment received on his first visit, " sloped," as he called it, and never shown himself any more, what a perfect case of supernatural appearance wonld have been ready for record in the next odium, of Mr. Crowe's " Night Side of Nature," or Mr. Cropland's " Queer Spirit Book." No doubt every unexplained ghost story bas a twin brother in it if von coold onlv find him. J. H. cobbett. 