OCCASIONAL NOTES. A mail for transmission to Geraldton by the s.s. Ferret, will be made up at the General Post Office, on Monday next. Edward Jenkinson was again brought up at the Police Court on Thursday morning, and further remanded, the witnesses, owing to un- avoidable causes, being unable to attend on that day. THE statement made by a contemporary on Thursday that "all the preliminary arrange- ments for the construction of the overland rail- way from. Albany to Beverley have been com- pleted," is, unfortunately, premature. We may hope to receive thia news before long, but the last letters which reached Mr. Horderns local agents did not announce that the negotia- tions had. been completed, nor that the contract had been signed. At the City Police Court, on Wednesday, John Lewis was charged before the Police Magistrate with having committed perjury, on the 5th Oct. last, with regard to a block of land at York, whereof the acccused swore he was the owner. It appears that the prisoner was desirous of bringing the land in question under the Transfer of Land Act, and made the usual declarations for that purpose, which were subsequently found to be false. Bis Worship, committed him for trial. We regret to learn, from a report published in the Government Gazette that the steps hitherto taken to establish the oyster on the beds pre- pared at Rottnest are unlikely to prove successful owing to the fact that the only supplies Mr. Courderot was able to obtain daring a late visit to Albany are not expected to thrive ia sea water, having been bred in a lagoon which is described as merely brackish. Mr. Courderot recommends that mother oysters be procured from Deep River and Sharks Bay, and we trust that,i if his recommendation be carried out, the result may prove satisfactory. At the meeting of the Wesleyan Conference held at Adelaide on the 25tb alto., the follow- ing record was unanimously approved and ordered to be inserted in the minutes:?"This Conference cannot allow the Rev. R. W. Camp- bell to leave the colony for the distant and im ?>rtant appointment of superintendent of the erth circuit and chairman of tho Western Australian district without expressing its high appreciation of the faithful services he has .rendered in all the circuits to which he has been appointed in this colony, and the ability with which he has fulfilled the duties which have devolved upon him as chairman of the northern distriot; at the same time it records its admiration of his superior mental endow- ments, and the entire confidence with which it entrusts to his charge the important duties which will come nader his oversight in the ri- sing colony of Western Australia. Mr. Camp- bell will carry with him the best wishes of this Conference and its earnest prayers for his success in every respect, and the assurance that it will always feel deeply interested in his wel- fare." At the meeting of the Metropolitan Rifles last Wednesday, Col. Angelo explained to the men that he had inspectod the ground adjacent to the Half-way House which had been kindly lent by Mr. R. N. Bullen for the purposes of the Easter camp of exercise, and he found, that provided he could obtain the services of at least half-a-dozen Volunteers on Saturday after- noons, it could be readily adapted to their re- quirements. Be had already pegged it out, and the next step would be to plant a sufficient number of hat frames (i.e., uprights and ridge poles), to provide shelter for the encampment. He (the Colonel) would be at the scene of op- erations every Saturday, and, upon production of certificates from himself, Volunteers desirous of giving their assistance would be allowed free passes by rail to the spot. The duration of each afternoon's work would probably be from three o'clock to six o'clock. Quite a large number of Volunteers responded to Colonel Angelo's invitation, both officers and men ap- pearing greatly desirous to give their assistance, Parties from the Fremantle corps will also game up on Saturday afternoons, and there is every reason to expect that what must have appeared to every one a rather hazardous undertaking, will be carried through very successfully. a hr following resolution, having reference to the retirement from active work of the Rev. W. Lowe, Wesleyan minister, York, was carried at a meeting of the Wesleyan Conference held in Adelaide on the 18lh alto. :?" The Conference, in granting the request of the Rev. William Lowe to become a supernumerary, after an hon- ourable and useful ministry extending over forty years in connection with Australian Methodism, records its deep sense of respect for his blameless character, his evangelical labours, and effective administration of the circuits in which he has travelled, and of the affairs of the Western Australian district. The Conference also expresses its admiration nf the willingness he has shown in continuing in circuit work, and in the office of Chairman of the District for many years, notwithstanding his physical sufferings, thereby relieving this Conference from the dif- ficulty of providing for those positions in that colony. In Tasmania, Victoria, and in South Australia Mr. Lowe will be long remembered as a man of excellent disposition, and as a brother and friend, and a good and faithful servant of our Lord Jesus Christ. The prayers of the Conference follow him in his retirement from our active work that he may be resigned to his more quiet position, and be spared for many . years to his brethren in council and in sympathy for the good of tho Church he has so ranch loved, and honourably served." In answer to our enquiries we learn that His Excellency tile Governor has accorded his sanc- tion to holding a camp of exercise near Perth, between the 11th and the 14th of April next. We understand that His Excellency has given every encouragement to the Volunteers to carry out what, in this colony, is a novel undertak- ing, and that the various Governmental depart- ments will afford their cooperation. Detailed orders will be issued shortly, but we gather from what the Inspecting Field Officer told the Vol- unteers last Wednesday evening, at a meeting held in the Mechanics Institute, that the force, represented by the Perth and Naval batteries of artillery, and the Metropolitan, Fremantle,jGuild ford, and York companies of rifles will assemble at the camp (near the " Half-way House ") on the evening of Thursday, the 10th April. The Geraldton and Albany corps have also been in- vited to attend, but it is not yet known whether they will be able to send representatives. The ordinary duties bf camp life will be carried out . in their entirety, and, no doubt, the necessity for furnishing guards will be especially instruc- tive to the Volunteers. Arrangements will be made for holding Divine service on Good Fri- day and Easter Sunday, and, whereas the time will be spent in preparatory parades on Friday .arid Saturday, the 'field day'is to take place on Easter Monday, upon which occasion, we hear, His Excellency the Governor has promised to be present. Tub South Australian Advertiser, of January 22nd, has a leading article reviewing a pam- phlet published at Fremantle, some time ago, dealing with the respective merits of the railway schemes submitted by Mr. Hordern, Col. Mc Murdo, and Sir Julius Vogel, the pamphleteer prommucing himself decidedly in favour of Sir Julius's scheme from Beverley to Eucla, on the ground that it lot iked so* simple and business- like.' The Advertiser says: "The writer is moreover captivated with the idea that this plan will enable Western Australia to take ad vantage of her geographical position aa the nearest col- ony to Europe. He appears to take it for granted if the line be made to Eucla that South Australia will immediately pass a Bill for the construction of a liue from Port Augusta to our western boundary. It is assumed that South Australia will not be so blind to her own in- terests as not to connect with her western neigh- bor by rail, seeing that by doing so she will be in a position to get her mails earlier, and be able to open up and populate the country along the route. This writer is a little too sanguine. To connect the colonies of South Australia and Victoria by rail is an expensive undertaking, which is being accomplished, and in all proba- bility will be a paying one ; whereas the possi- bility of a line from Port Augusta to Eucla pay- ing interest bri the outlay is' exceedingly re- mote. Perhaps r.uch a line may be constructed iii the course of time, but if the people of Wes- tern Australia wait till the line from Port Au- gusta westward t* started before they com- mence their line from Beverley to Eucla, the work will have to be done by another syndioate I than that formed by Sir Julius Vogel, as, long I More that time, its members will have paned J from this mundane sphere to regions where no railways are needed." Cibcitmstances, not long ago, brought promin-: eutly to the notice of the public the fact that pub- lished comments upon cases pendente< lite can, if not agreeable to the Judges concerned, be treated by them as what is technically known as 'contempt' and ba visited with condign punish- ment. In fact, not only in regard to cases pend- ing does criticism place a newspaper in the pow- er of a Judge?any criticism of his action, if he choose to maintain that it is calculated to hamper him in the proper performance of his duties, renders the critic liable to pains and penalties from which there is no appeal. Seeing that Judges, just a? much as other men, are subject to human frailties?to hasty action, for instance, when under the influence of irritation?it will be readily seen how dangerous is the power with which they are endowed to decide upon ques- tions personal to themselves and to punish where their feelings must necessarily be involved. Sa dangerous, in fact, is this power, and so ob- viously improper is its exercise, save under the most exceptional circumstances, that in Eng- land, where public opinion is strong and is bound to be taken into account, it is practically obsolete and could not be revived without lead- ing at once to legislation formally to relieve the Bench from a function so liable to misuse. It is only in colonies where, as the Argus lately pointed out, things, naturally enough, are re- garded from a less ' broad and comprehensive' point of view than in Europe, and where per- sonal considerations are, for obvious reasons, much more liable to influence action, that ex- pressions of opinion upon the official proceedings of Judges?so long as they contain no charges of corruption?are ever, as a rule, take notice of. And we refer to the matter today merely to point out an instance of the freedom of criticism allowed in the mother country, even in cases where decisions are pending. Our readers have all heard, no doubt, of the celebrated case Belt v. Lawes, in which the defendant was al- leged to have libelled the plaintift, a well-known sculptor. The case went against Lawes, and he moved for anew trial. While this question was pending the Times delivered itself of the following remarks upon the subject: ".the most obvious fact was that a very determined attempt had been made to ruin a man who, after all, did not seem much better or worse than his neighbours. It is with a renewed sense of amusement that one perceives the Queen's Bench Division, after six months reflection, to be aa sharply divided as society itself by this re- markable case, and to be nearly as inconsequent in its reasoning as if it were composed of duchesses....Forty-three days of the time of au expensive Court have already been consumed in discussing a miserable professional squabble.... No particular sympathy could properly be felt for the defendants if it (tho jury) chose to de- cree heavy damages....People who embark npon undertakings of this kind have no right to ex- pect a Court to interfere on their behalf, if the proper tribuual should chance to take a severe view of their conduct.....But the Lord Chief Justice attained a sublimer height of inconse- quence.. ..Tt would be as reasonable to infer from the want of logic in Lord Coleridge's judg- ment that he never can have made a logical spech in his life, and that anything logical as- cribed to him must have been done by a law- yer's ghost," etc., etc. Could anything bo more outspoken than these comments, in which the Times pronounces upon the merits of the case and makes merry at the. expense of the Judges ? And yet such criticism is of everyday occur- rence at home, and any i itarference with it would be resented in a very practical form^The fact of the matter is that the technical offence known as ' contempt of court' is no longer looked upon as an offence, because it is no long- er necessary to do so. Our Judges, now, main- tain so high a character that it would be nothing lese than an insult to suggest that a body of men so distinguished for integrity, learning, and im- partiality, would be improperly influenced to work injustice by the comments of the press, which possibility, we .vould point out, is the only raison d'etre for the power of dealing with 'contempt.' In fact such comments can, under modern conditions, work no harm, and may oft- en work good. Ouly where juries are con- cerned can evil be wrought by published ex- pressions of opinion, which, in their case, might at times have an influence prejudicial to the ends of justice. Upon a Judge there is no more rea- son to suppose that such an improper iufluence could be exercised in a similar way, than upon a Minister or a Governor, who may have to de- cide the most momentous issues?issues invol- ving life and liberty?while a perfect flood of press commeut, invective, advice, entreaty, is being poured upon him without let or hin- drance. 