,TVHF .TOPICS AND ANTICIPATIONS; I i-iij ijii.r ABXODBOS, . Tlie prolonged -Autumn immr aign ih.Soutli Aus. traliii' ia radually coming to an end, 'and to-day thjo, curtairiiyill finally drop on 'the busy.doinga which have recently monopolised attention across the western border. Thanks to tho popularity M tho ; totalisator tho racing on tho old course has, in'a financial as well as a racing sonso, boon simi larly successful' to tho preceding gathering hold at-Morphbttville. Tho libora! dividends declared by tho " machine" has quito disfranchisod tho , motalliciahs, all of whom havo rolnrncd , to Victoria in tho hope of doing mora poncllling at Wyndham this afternoon than thoy havo dono . during their unprofitable pilgrimage on the South \- Australian racecourses. Although several of tbo . horses who distinguished thoms'olres at Morphett- viUo wcro c:nspicuous by thoir ahsotico on the Park lands on Saturday and Monday last, some .very fair racisg was witnessod on both days, and tho promoters of tho Adolaido Pacing Club lmvo ' reason to fosl satisfied with ibo moasuro of success extended to them by ;horso ownors and the public generally. Tho hurdlo racer Charcoal had very inferior fields to meet, or else ho is a vastly improved animal to what ho showed himself when over hero at the commcncemoot of the season, otherwise ho would nob have achieved two such easy victories in tho small Bticks contest. Ned 0' tbo Hills's signal triumph in the Birthday Cup testified to tho ox- eclionco of Mr, M. Jacobs's judgment when ho pnrchnBed him and Dutchman n fow days pre viously. Tho winner was placed in charge of Mr. J. Wilson, jun., after tho changoot ownership, and it is a uoteworthy coincidence that tho young St.' Albans traiuor should , have won tho Bame racd lost year with Littlo Jack. . Ho was not so fortunate, bowevor, in tho A. B.' 0. Handicap with Littlo Sister, on whom odds wcro laid in a small field; hut Jior admirers reckoned without Sting, who defeated tho filly af tor au interesting race. And why should be not' at adifforenco of ll'lb,! Tho only wondor is that ho did not defeat . her with consummate ease. By winning tho Trial Stakes and .finishing second . to Topaz in tho Suburban Handicap Qymkltana shows nigns of rotnrnihg to her- two-year-old form.. Read's stable was also in a winning hnmor with Country Boy, who easily pulled his follower: through in tbo Totalisator Handicap. : ' Noorong could only finish second to Chester in the Steeplo' - cbaso, and Mr. J, Leok is oridently persuaded that his roccnt pnrchaso is not likely to provoso romunorativo as ho : at . first estimated, and ho hesitated noj.,toaecopt an offer o£.a "eontury" for him from tbo Indian buyer Mr. E. Weeks. To-day tho running will bc'takon upon the old courso, when a continuation of good sport' is anticipated. My selections for tbe several events aro us follow : — Selling Hurdlo Haco : Charcoal, Abbot, Noorong. Two-Toar-OId Handicap : Gratitude or Sandal, whiohovsr tho stable sends. City Handicap : Baron Yen Mnoller, Dutchman, Lord Wilton. Ladies' Bracelet: .Lancaster, Cdnront, Shylook. Stoopioohase ! Chester, Pinty, Glonburn, ' ' - ' Wyndham offors a variety :pf sport to-day, for bmide tho juioting of ' tho ' .'.lv«4 raetug :club, nnilor the- oxoollont managomcnt' of Mr. Secretary WhU, hunting and coursing will alio boin full swing on tho WerribCo plains. : Tno. mombors of tho Molbourno Hunt Club will thrpw off shortly of lor breakfast bo as to onablo 'thorn, to" patronise tho racing in tho afternoon, whilo tub SU Logor Mooting of the Australian Couming Clhb will also bo brought to a -termination .in time to . allow tho followote of.V.tho loash.im opportunity of making a detent from Worriheo Park to tho iracecourso. ' Thus it .will bo- known . th&tthero; is a variety and abundanco of apbrtior thoso who feel disposed to jbnrhoy down to tho- Werriheohy the .morning .special "to-day. Tho racing , ontrfoa are sufficiently numerous to wurrant tho , anticipation of good sport. Tho opening ovont is tho Hurdlo Raco, for which; I faucy tho chattcoa of Equity and N\itlad, thd latter for' choico. Norfolk and Soldier Boy (Yiii.) appear to ho tlio beat troatod in tho Wyndham Handicap, and providod tho last named ih 'on ",-his" best behavior I shall ho pre- ipErcd'' tp( , seo ' him : victo'rions. . Tho Soiling iStahbs looks a good thing for Knowledge, on. his | Rlstornwiok -Park running. Thcro promises to : ho ft vory lino raco for tlio Stoeplocliaao. and- iwith'sueh" h'6rs03 as Blackthorn, General Jack-' Isonj Jack Scandal, 'Australian Court and MidV. inight included in tho list of competitors a grand: strngglo should result. nTo wiu- outright I fancy: iMidnight, 'with 'AffstValiah" Court' and' Stampddd' |aS'dangero'u3'lqpponcnt8.'' A. largo field may be; hxpccjbd.to .contoat. tlib.' Worriheo ; Park Handi?.' ,cap,.ito. win: . which. L' shall: name - Polly,;' and - recommond blieporollp- 'and hLiddington 'tdr' jjlaecs. i rFxovidod tho,; weather b,'.morei .'favorablo than' it; -was!,, oh u.SaturSiay i.Jast; ,. tho,';, .postponed'; mooting ofitho SyiluoyiTurf Club will < toidayi uttraet;;;cohsideraiBio' 'attention- at- -Rifndwibk;; ' oUaersAhavd ;takon '',wingviCiThd; two.; principiU' oronts;. to ; he. udeoidod i aro. tho -Royal > Stakes: and Quo'en's Birthday-Cup, vhoth'of ' which harp', boon" thd"iheaium6fWmo' heavy1 spcculatidAf' Tho stahld .companions;. Rapid and Lord Clifdch, havo,. both .boan s.trongly , supported,', but I havo roason to know that tho first named is tlio Simon Puro'and.if hb runs'-uD to his lrlal Ko ought to ,win.(rAt > any. rate I shall select him in preference to Lord Clifden'J'and tho Vrioat dangerous of tho othoraiofe to my mind Rrivatecr and Battalions. P6r thbBirthiday Cup tho Victorian reprosoutativo Le'sbia is remarkably woll troatod at C-st. 121b., arid providod. tho maro. is in a racing humor she will ahbut win.; . Her , party aro very confident, and havo put. down the coin right earnestly. I lcokmpon Comot and Swept William as her most dihgprdbs rivals, ! :Tho Hunt Club mooting on- tho Queen's Birth;. dEfyA.thbngh successfnl as "a moans of replenish ing the coffers of tho club, was not Tory intorostl' ing from a racing point bf viow, and ono missed tho contests of tho good old days, when. tho. Bowes,-' ..Ponders, Chirnsides, Smiths and others of . that ilk contended against each other for tho cross country championship. An open steoplechaso of two miles and a half, and a selling racd of a mile we;o the longest races of tho afternoon, tho balaco being made np of 4 and 5 f ur- lobg spirtB. This from an institution which might popularly he supposed to havo at heart tho por- petuation of a stout breed of horsos is somewhat astonishing, and though it may ho urged ownors prcfor short coursos, tho Melbourne Hunt Club should.at least set their faceB against tho system. Liddington, who looked fairly well, had no diffi culty in getting home in tho Selling Raco beforo tho other two modorateapppo'sod to him, and tho elnh hud a turn through his victory, us it brought £-15 to thoir coffors. ' Tlao Corinthian I'lat Raco was put down as a good thing for Paillcroo, and so it proved, as having . the host of the condition and riding he won with a lot in hand. Backers, who hud thus got tho beat of tho lhelallicians for tho first two ovclita, piokod. Cupola for the Flying- Stakes, for which 18 wont to tho post ; and here again their judg ment was correct, as tho son of King of tho Ring and Flcur do Lis, starting at 3 to 1, won cleverly from Tho Ghost and Pyrotto. tlio formor of whom ran a vastly improved h'orso on' his previous exhibition. Every ono was glad to soo Mr. Clocland havo a turn, as his colors have not boon prominent of late, and his win is all tho more satisfactory as ho was so disgusted with his luck that bo had iutondod putting Cupola in Messrs. Yuillo'n hands for sulo liad ho not Loon Bacccssful. Now, howevor, ho will still have a horso or two ia training, and may ho .yet lire to repeat the Wollomai coup. Black thorn, who fouccd in tho most perfect style, won thb stccp'.ccliaso clovorly, though ho was tiring very fast at tho finish, and Chippenham, a hunter looking grey, wo3 catching him properly. The books had their first turn in tho Bruni Selling. Slakts, for which Egertonwas made favorite, hut though ho flattered his backers' at tho turn, tho race was r.li over as soon as Impulso got through, and sho won with ridiculous ease. The winner, who Is a nicely brel filly by King Colo from Theorem, by King Alfrod, was sold cheaply enough to Mr. Hurtlo Fisher for 130 guineas, and as - a brood maro she is 'worth double tho monoyT, Owing to tlio peculiar conditions of tho raco tbowlioloof tho amount realised went to tho club, so, that a capital liunl was made. Tho last orcnt fell to Pailloroo, though Cupola was favorite, and tho books again mado np .Eomb of their leeway. The arrange ments were of tho usual excelionco . which appears to bo inseparable from FIcmington, and a capital lunch was scrrod by Mr. Straker, tho new caterer. \- Owners of horses aro notified that nominations for tho noxt Hawkcabury Grand Handicap and Metropolitan Stakes will close at . the officos of thoiLR.0. and A.J.C. (Now South Wales) and tlio V.B.C. (Molbourno) at four o'clock on Mon day afternoon. Entries for tha Caulfield .and ; Molbourno Cups, and several other important evotafsj aro also dno at tha samo time. \- The Grand National Stocplcchaso which was decided in .New Zealand on Saturday resulted in a iwiii for that woll known Maoriland performer Tho.Agent, who onco more distinguished himself as a jumper by carrying 12 st. . 3 lb. to victory. Op tho Barao day Rnbina won the Dunedin Birth-- day Cnp', and OlaTonoo appropriated tho Wan- gonni Handicap SteopieohosCi . Ono of tho most nuticoablo foaturos in connec tion with tho Adelaide racing' campaign was tho great pntronajjer extended by baokora to Iho tota- :lisator, lhroughV which a considorahio snm of mpnoy passed. Tlio. -warm demonstration mado in favor of tlio lnacUino naturally had tlm offec( of oanBing tho hobkmakorj.to bocomo dosortcd, ahd;'as'tho dividonds proenred by invostorsintho tolalieator' wilj, prove, tiiqpubljp aclqd wigely in solocting ihoir medium of speculation. When it is stated that tho odds derived from tho machino were in soma instances hearty four times as long, as Jhoio offered by I ho mitallicians, tbo lrnth is not excoodod, ahd, thcroforo, it is manifest that -from a public, point of viow tho much op posed : pyatbm of LoHing ,; is1 far '.profof. ablo- to (ho'; stercotypod prices offered by tho ;bookmakihg . fraternity ' - of . this colony. Sihcq tho.adv'nnlagea of tho totalisator havo boon rendered soapparehyacrpsathoWostorn bordoijand thoro is not thq'alightesVhopq'of terer eradicating speculation on horso racing, it is marvellous that in Victoria that system which is undoaiahly tho fairer . should ,he dqejied whilst the sg< called- evil of speculation1 is allpwed to flourish mainly, for tho .h'enofit of ono, particular class of' the community.'- Under theso circumstances it is te ho hioped'th'at tlio facing inclinod portion iof tho Victorian public will, through tho logali- sa)ioii ' of the totalisator, in ' this colony, soon 'havo:the option of backing their opinions with .tho full confidonco. that 'should they win they will; recoii/o'a fair return for their money. ' At,'A mooting of tho Ballarat Hunt Olnh' on' Tuesday, night; ;Sir W; H Clarko was elected pfo- aidont j Mr. W. T. Jonas socrotary and- trca- surer j'and.Miv Noa-miin, Wilson., mnsfcr,. Tlie funds of tha club wcro reported to bo. in n eatia--: factory state.' ''Th'o-ppehlng; date, was not -decided.' ppon/liut'wiR iia'notifiod at the next meeting of thoclnb. ./,-= 1 El xnll'l . -.-il-i-i -j- 'Mr; Ai'F.'' Smart has pfobiised the Sydney Turf, Clul);.'aVg61d cup:jfof,.ov.eix furlohga raee.-MUK dUloiii_|dM'ib#lH)'600.8o fix' tlio m'oeiing for Soptoriiiicr." : 'Thbioffin; mlikiy.to. bo accepted,- . '-A -id .-jiluqaul m c-.'l::: ;.' J . ' Coinot is'said to bo a gooij thing far thje Sydney , Birthday ' Cup; .alia ; WiUiamson. Jias'v gone, .'over ' exprelsjy to'stoor him. Jv ay.vi.-i ; The steoplechaEOffDhipponhUm, changed .hands, during the week for lOL guineas; andf is nowi'tho property of Mr. W.- Noiil.'-''- ' ' Wiion tho cablb brought, the news.of£ord.-Fai;i mouth's victory iu the Ono-ThousandGuitieas a fow weeks ago, pcpplobr'p athics3fi)knb.w thoidontiVy of Qacon 'Adelaide," thbrunner. up, as no filly.of that namo'' appeared in' the. list of nominations. Queen Anno waa' the oaiy ontry that bora auy ' similitffdo to tho name; though propositions woro Advanced infavor of tho '.Adolaido filly, but thbso woro dispelled on roforonce ta llujf) according, to which authority sho had beon namod Solitudo. Jiuff, howo'vor, is at fault, for tho English papors to hand . by tho mail . announce that Sir J. Wllioughby had, prior to tho Guinoao, named his filly by Hermit out of Adelaido Queen Adolaido, From our English oXchatfgca. I learn that tho Princo of Walos has nominated tho Duko of Hamilton and Mr. - Ohaplin to act as English stewards of this, year's face mooting: at Badon Baden, which is to tako place on 21st, 25th and 23th August, . and 1st Soptomber, The Princo has given a conditional promise to attend tho mooting. Princo. 'd'Aronborg ia steward for Franco. Thcro is a atako of £1000 for two-year- olds, another of £2000, with a pioco of plate, for thtcc-yoar- olds and upwards ; and a handicap, with £500 added, for three-year-olds. These events aro opon to horse3 of all countries. At a recont mooting of tho Jockey Glnb, Sir Geo. Chotwjnd brought forward, a, motion of which he had given notice, viz To add to. Rule 41 — "No Belling handicaps shall bo allowed." After somo discussion, in which thcDuko of Beau fort, Mr. Craven and Lord Cadogan took pari, Sir Gcorgo Chotwynd agreed to postpone his motion, on tho undorstandiug that tlio stewards would undertake to deal with tho matter at oncoi Tho i-Vctet refers to tho matter in terms which ; all racing men on this sido of tho equator will roadily endorse:— "It is difficult to conceive tho why or tho wherefore of this proposal, which, ifenrried, will havo a material effect on tho numbers of horses in training, and greatly rcduco tho fields at somo of tho small meetings, especially in the autumn. It is truo that tho ropressivo measures will only,, affect, bad racehorses, but why bad horses should' bo shut out of handicaps it is diffi cult to conceive. This it amounts to, and even moro, for if Sir George Ghetwynd's proposal bo carried many liorjcs now running would be virtually disfranchisod, for thoy could nuot com pete with tho bettor class representatives of tbo. plunging school at weight for ago,; and they would be oatclussed in ... important,. . handicaps. Many arguments may bo' brought , to bear against .handicaps, but such races, aro ' now clearly recognised as a necessary- evil, and if tlio principla be admitted in respect to a Geheimnsss or a St. Blaise,' 'thero is no reason why inferior horses should bo 'shni out of similar racoa ostonsibly bocauso the . winner has to bo sold. Wo havo referred to the plunging school, to whom this' proposed alteration would bo n great boon. It is a well known fact that last season somo £300,000 was taken out of tho ring by about half a dozen people, whoso win nings wcro chiefly duo to tho clever manipu lation of. platers! and their knowlodgo of "tho secrets of tho weighing room. People liko this would, itSir Gcorgo Chotwynd'a proposal became, law, hold all the trumps at tho littlo meetings. Their command of capital would enable them to run horses in woight-for-ago soiling races that little men could not. Thoy would havo' tho pick of tho jockeys, and, in case of accident, tho claim would bo arranged for, and in a short time wo should soc ihese selling races confined to some throo or fonr animals running in different namo3 but in .tho samo interest, and tho latter ond of theso races would bo worso for tbo turf than tbat which now prevails. As matters now stand thero is somo chancoi of tho well planned coups boing-fruslrated ; hut under tho new order of things there would be no hopo of anything of thosort." At tho noxt mooting of tho Jockey Clnh Sir Gcorgo Chotwynd will ask tho stewards whether they are aware that it is openly stated that a con spiracy oxists bctweon certain jockeys and so- called professional backers of horses to arrange the result of races for thoir own boncfit, and if they had hoard of .anch statements, and believo it poseiblo such a plot oxistsj what steps they pro- poso taking to deal with tho matter at onoc. Bir George, eays tho LondonSportsman, is ovldcntly actuated by a dcsiro.to cot matters straight in tho oyes of thapublio, bud iho jookcya whom' he desires to hofriend will bo ablo,:if called upoii by tlio Stewards of tho Jockey Olub, to Break for themselves; Tho fact cannot be diBgqiacd that- unpleasant roports are in cxiatenco, and without some action they would .jgrow; to proportions which would do serious harm to tho turf. - If tho malpractices hinted do in; fact oxist, it would be well to havo thom investigated and dealt with at, onco, but, on tha othor hand, if the matter is, without foundation- in .fact, jthon.it is only fair, that an opportunity.should hoaffordod of dofenee to the persons maligned. :Th'o London Sportsman remarks that. Ban Bntlcr, tfio onco woll known tight weight jockoy, recontly diod in nltor -povorty at Cnmbrrdgc. Immediately on rocoipt of tho nows Fred Ar cher, tbo champion jockey, mado a " whip round" amongst his brother., professionals, and: in tho course of a very fow minutcs .had opllouto4y sufficient money to ensure the. doocnt. .burial ono who,:hut for evil influences andintemporat!),- habits, must .havo. risen to -the Bummit. of hjir profession, for his ability . in: the pigskin' iWaflt, always unquestioned., iStrango, a- Western district steeplechaser, -ibirj' Alarm, has changed hands for 51, guineas, Mr,,Aji' Robertson heing tho purchaser. .. -.crifi- >: .nu-' 