Granite dully. [By Essbm.] Chapteb I. trranite Golly was not, aa its name might seem to imply, a watercourse im petuously running through a rooky and apparently volcanic neighborhood; on the contrary, it was the seemingly in offensive drain of a somewhat extensive and flat piece of «ountry, alightly undu lating, and dotted throughout -with belts of myall and brigalow scrub, on the banks of which grew considerable numbers of blue gums. What its title might have been in the days of its pristine aboriginality, or in the nearer past of its pastorality. I iiave not we lamiesi iaea, out wnen 1 first became acquainted with its locality It rejoiced in the above adamantine appella tion ; and this is how it became thus christened. Some time early in the fifties whilst gold discoveries were the rale and fashion a shepherd of an enquiring and geological turn of mind discovered that the surface of the ground adjacent to the gully contained a quantity of fine gold dust mingled with black sand. This information he conveyed to his squat ting employer, expecting a considerable reward for thus enhancing, as he ima gined, the value of the holding. Much to his astonishment, however, he was enjoined to say nothing about the dis covery, an appreciable addition being made to his wages during his loyalty to his employer. This loyalty lasted a con siderable time, but the inevitable is bound, according to the believers in ' Kismet,1 to take place, and the time came when old Sandy Bloose'a cheque was considered by that worthy old hand big enough to be knocked down, and the periodical crave for a solid drink (to use a paradox) inherent in men of his kidney and epoch, became sufficiently strong for him to cause him to ask for a settlement and resign his flock into the care of a prototype who had just finished a epree and suffered a recovery. It was then that Sandy Bloose broke faith with the squatter. Daring the very short period which elapsed between the pitching of his cheque over the bar and the state of chronic imbecility invariably superinduced by the heavy consumption of bush rum, Sandy ' blowed the gaff,1 as he would have poetically termed his description of his gold discovery. The publican and the storekeeper at the town ship on Myall Creek were equally alive to the value of such a discovery in their immediate neighborhood. Sandy's state ment was speedily verified, and before very long a large digging population spread over the flats and gullies in the neighborhood. Granite Gully was not the only one by any means whioh emptied into Myall Creek, a tributary of the Conaline Biver, and gold was pretty well scattered. The sinking was shallow, and in some parts the fine dust could actually be shaken out of the roots of the grass and herbage. An enterprising party of four, not content with the results from their shallow holes and 'paddocks,' deter mined to try for a ' deep lead,1 but after sinking several shafts to a considerable rlimtli in tTin ilennmnnnorl or * hnrnt/ granite, as it was then called in miners' parlance, which was generally reached at a depth of about CO feet, and seeing no prospect of a second * bottom' they gave up the deep sinking in disgust, whilst the gully received from them the name it still bears— a name which was speedily en dorsed by those diggers who had been in terested spectators of the fruitless en deavors to emulate the Ballarat diggings, and, indeed, supporters of the attempt ' and subscribers towards the expenses. And so the entire diggings became known as Granite Gully. Now, Granite Gully, as I have said, emptied into Myall Greek, which ran into the Conaline, one of the many tribu taries of the Australian waterway. It will thus be seen that the locale of my story is situated in New South Wales. Now Myall Creek was a very picturesque creek, and looked as harmless as a suck ing dove during some three hundred and fifty odd days in the year, but there were occasions when it came down a ' baukec,' with a sudden rush which, however in teresting to a student of nature's freaks, was by no means to be relished by any unfortunate wights who happened to ba caught in its headlong career, and these were by no means few in the drinking, devil- may-care days of which I am about to write. The Conaline river, on the other hand, was a much more deliberate stream, and received its dashing tributaries with a solemn swelling which usually raised it in these times of sudden flood to ' half a banker.' But though deliberate and apparently sluggish, it possessed a power of eddy and suction which was far more treacherous and deadly than the swift sweep of the lesser streams. It may be necessary for you to know that the way to civilisation from Granite Gully crossed Myall Creek about two miles away, and the sinuous river about four miles farther off; also that bridges were at that time not even dreams of a remote future — and I think I have now done prosing for a time. When I first went to the gully, a few months after it had been proclaimed a goldneld, tilings were pretty lively and there was a considerable population. Calico and canvas hotels and drinking shops were plentiful, and most of them were supplied with German bands, oc otherwise, as well as so-called 'dancing- girls,' whose duty it was to act aa partners to the saltatory diggers, who formed a very large majority of that happy-go-luckybrotherhood. Myacquaint ance with the shifting inhabitants was tolerably extensive, as I was in those days of a decidedly gregarious disposition, and I have some vivid recollections of sceneB the description of which might raise a short-lived smile, or cause the fall of an equally transient tear ; but my present intention is simply to narrate some episodes in the lives of certain people with whom I was thrown somewhat closely in contact. *The Excelsior Hotel,' which was situated on one of the banks of Granite Gully, was owned by an individual calling himself Frank Fielding. The hotel was constructed of a slight wooden frame covered with calico ; it was rather an ex tensive establishment, but was composed chiefly of bar and dancing saloon. The land lord was a fine handsome-looking fellow of some forty-five years of age at the time I write of, and it was generally understood that he had once been a gentleman. SEb appearance and manners certainly favored the theory that he had been accustomed to good society at one time of his life, but there was a something about his air which told the experienced in such matters that he was a roue and a man of pleasure, and that if at any time during his career he had been a pigeon he had long since left the dovecote for the more congenial eyrie of the bird of prey. As there is no necessity for mystery I may as well say at once that I afterwards discovered he was well descended, and had graduated in the ranks of the mad marquis, as his late lordship of Waterford was sometimes called. Although a younger son, he had had several splendid opportunities, and aa a soldier had in two or three instances greatly distinguished Jiimw^f ; but fast and riotous living had grown upon him, go that mothers with eligible daughters gradually ceased to allow his name upon their visiting lists, and he found himself by degrees only tolerated at ' men's parties.' The inevitable result followed, social ruin ; and when still a ?? comparatively young man with a fair ? Income left he became entangled with a danseuse at the Lyceum Theatre and married her. She was a fair specimen of her class, neither very vulgar nor verjr refined, neither very virtuous nor very so-so. As a wife she was a tolerably successful actress; she gave up 'that swell in *he Blues ' and devoted herself as exclusively as she thought she ought to do to her duties and position. The ill-aMorteS couple were fairly Sappy for the first two years of their wedded life, but a baby girl was born, funds began to give oat, and instead of a drag at Ascot or a barouche and four at Epsom, those delicious oases in the desert of blase lives had to be eschewed altogether or visited in a far less pretentious style than of yore. So the husband returned to the fast life of fast clubs, of ' hells' in St. James's, and of faster establishments which have no name. He was not unknown in Jennyn-fitreet — in Bennett-street he was no stranger.; the Haymarket looked upon him as a pillar ; the Blue Posts opened Its portals to him, and Crockford's took him in. In the maelstrom of pleasure he forgot his wife and daughter, and neglected a home which, after the birth of little Minnie, his wife, to do her justice, tried to make as pleasant as her lights permitted. But neglect and short; allowance brought about tile usual result under the circum stances, and the once pretty Florence Vernon, as she was staged, gradually 'went off,' and as gradually took to 'drops/ sal volatile, eau-de-cologae, and lastly to brandy. Still she was a good mother to her girl, and was nobody's enemy but her own. With the loss of her beauty her temper soured, and many unseemly scenes took place between husband and wife. They lived on together, however, he making a precarious living on the turf and at cards and billiards, she slowly sink ing into an early grave through the con stant dropping which wears holes in con stitutions as well as in stones. And so when Minnie was about fifteen her mother dropped out of her life, and she found hereelf called upon to act as her father's companion when he favored the lodgings they inhabited with his presence. A few months before her mother's death she had finally left school, much to her own regret, for she was ambitious ; but being a girl of considerable tact she managed to get plenty of practice on other people's pianos, and neglected few opportunities of im proving her mind and manners. To her father's credit, be it said that he did not neglect his daughter half so much as he had done his wife, and he gave her many sovereigns which in other days would have found their way to less desirable channels. But although he in dulged the girl in most of her whims, he always denied her — the desire of her heart — a debut upon the stage. Truth to tell, he loved her too much to trust her in a career which he knew too well to be sur rounded by temptations, and in which he was aware he would make but a sorry protector. Time wore on, and acquaintances grew cold. Few men care about being too in timate with a man who wins five rubbers out of six, and who invariably wins or divides the pool. 1 don't mean to say that Mr. Fielding played an unfair game, but it appears that he had the reputation of playing a very sharp one, and so he was looked upon as dangerous by those of his own generation, and as undesirable by those of the next decade. Thus it was that he found himself at low water mark, and was glad to ac cept the offer of an uncle to give him a start In Australia. And so Frank Fielding, so called, and his daughter Minnie, then a lovely girl of nineteen, landed in Sydney early in '53. The old leaven was still working in the father's constitution, but the daughter's influence was sufficient to prevent him from spending his bottom dollar. What, however, could have induced him to bring a girl like Minnie Fielding to Granite Gully, and place her as mistress of such an establishment as the Excelsior Hotel, is a question which it would be very dim cult to answer. The fact, nevertheless, still remained. She was when I first saw her about twenty, her figure was perfect, and her face one of those saintly madonna countenances which seem to be a guarantee of sweetness and purity when in repose, but which when animated are magnets that draw the hearts of the coldest towards their possessors — a face which, might belong to an angel or a syren — ? a face to elevate towards heaven or lure to another place. She was really a lovely woman, and her life had made her self-reliant. She was clever, accomplished, and witty, but a finished coquette, a knowledge of which latter trait led her father to allow her to take care of herself a trifle more than a man of the world like him should have deemed altogether ad visable. It was no wonder then that a woman like this should become the queen of Granite Gully, Cosmopolitan in her distribution of smiles, and what Pat would call * comethers,' she was the idol of half the male population of the place, the consequence being that the Excelsior did a roaring trade, and Mr. Fielding's sharp practices at poker and other alluring games were regarded as simply playful eccentricities by a large proportion of Minnie's adorers. Sat though the father took advantage of his daughter's attractions he never for one mo ment forgot that she teas his daughter ; for notwithstanding his own looseness of morals he was very careful to guard her from insult He loved her very dearly, and if he had dreamed of danger ahead he would have been very quick to check its approach. But who can see into futurity, or tell the winner of the next Melbourne Gup unless he is in ? the swindle.' Being somewhat of a Bohemian myself I rather took to Frank Fielding, and the liking turned out to be reciprocal. He evidently saw that I read his character pretty accurately, and being somewhat of an apostle of Lavater I doubt not he thou^il he understood me ; whether he did or not is neither here nor there ; we got on very well together, and saw a great deal of one another. A bad man of busi ness, he was glad to take advantage of a certain aptitude I possess of un tying commercial knots and smooth ing those inequalities of trade which are sometimes so harassing io mercantile novices. I, on the other hand, was glad of the opportunity of xeading the English magazines and jour nals with which he was always supplied, and of rubbing wits with those who had seen as much or perhaps more of the pleasant, though dangerous and expensive life which those who possess the means, and are not downright Paritans, delight io pursue for more or less years of their butterfly existence. Thus it came to pass that I saw a great deal of Fielding and his charming daughter, the latter be coming especially my Mend; for, unlike many women, who as a rule resent in difference to their wiles, she, when she found I was armour-proof against her alluring smiles and winning way, frankly acknowledged that she liked me the better for it, as she said she could really believe in a man who was loyal to his love, let her be ever so far away, or ever so unattainable. How she came to know that my heart was next door to buried in one of Cupid's mauso leums I know not ; perhaps she was a better physiognomist than her father. At any rate, we became fast friends, and I lock back to the time passed in her company as the brightest I have passed in the colonies. A big thing to say, my masters, for I have mixed with the best in the land, and the little sanctum at the Excelsior, filled as it was with a very heterogenous collection of curios in cards and dice, merveille and roulette boards, sample bottles and revolvers, and the thousand and one adjuncts of such a place, could scarcely compare with the boudoirs of thefavorecTprotegees of fortune with whom it has been my happiness to be on terms of intimacy. Chapter IL I had been some few months on the gully, digging in a somewhat desultory fashion, sometimes with one mate some times with another — for the claims were p.oon worked out — when the two other figures who with those already mentioned mi fee op my (proxip loomed upon the canvas t»f roy picture, I naw them fint in the dancing saloon of the Ezcehior, whither I had gone as was my wont occasionally to smoke a pipe and ex change digging experiences with such miners as I thought worth a passing intimacy or the exertion of a mental pump. Of course I knew them at once to be strangers, and equally, of course, I handicapped them in my private social code well bred both; that could be seen with half, an eye, despite the rather overdone roughness of their costume. There is a loadstone contained somewhere in the human constitution which verifies the truth of the adage that 'birds of a feather flock together,' and a very short time elapsed before we three, although not the only ' broke . down swell's' in the room, were chatting sociably together over a bottle of English ale. Yes, they had arrived by the coach an hour ago, and had put up at the ' Royal Mail ;' but they came to make money, must, in fact, don't you know; not quite stone-brokers, but still meant work and not play. Ho, don't care about this sort of thing, had enough of that at the old ' Argyll,' by Jove, and this was a poor imitation of the ' Piccadilly f and then as Minnie Fielding made her appearance at the inner bar for a moment to speak to her father, the two new-comers simul taneously ejaculated, lBy George !' in very large capitals indeed. The question quickly followed — 'Who on earth is that?' I explained, and the opinion was at once expressed that the landlord ought to be crucified for bringing sush a girl to such a place. Minnie quickly retired — not, how ever, as I could see without having taken in the situation — and our conversation took a more general turn. Before parting for the night, which we did at the canvas door of the Royal Mail, which was on the track to my tent, I promised to look them up in the morning, and as I had just finished cleaning up the last wash dirt of my claim, to take a turn round the diggings with them. Idiscoveredduring this tour that neither of my newacquaintanceswasafool.andthe upshot of the peregrination was that we agreed to become mates and start on a c prospect ' next morning. Before proceeding further in my story let me introduce my new mates. The elder, Sydney Darshot, was a tall stalsrart man of about five and twenty, with brown eyes, black beard and moustache, aquiline nose, decidedly handsome, and, to judge by expression, of a determined disposition, and one whom it would not be safe to cross in any important matter. He had passed bis little go at Caius' College, Cambridge, where he had been more renowned for his prowess in the college eight, his hard hitting to leg, on 'Parker's Piece,' and his general superiority over his contempo raries in all matters where muscle; dash, nerve, and a quick eye were necessary factors to success, than for bis proficiency in or application to classics or mathe matics. But withal he had proved himself a clever writer and satirist, by a temporary enforced absence from college, consequent on his connection with a certain somewhat Pasquinian pub lication circulated through the 'schools,' which raised the ire of the ' dons.' Somewhat of a cynic and much given to sarcasm, lie was not a man to make friends amongst the generality of people, but he was 'real grit' as the Yanks have it, and beneath the surface was warm-hearted, generous, and as true as the gold he panned out when cleaning-up time came. His companion, Charlie Melton, was of a different stamp altogether. Although a 'dark blue,' having been at Oxford, he was much fairer than hia 'light blue' friend. Of medium height, lithe and elastic of figure, his activity made up in a great measure for his lack of the other's great bodily strength. His dark ch.es nut beard and moustache set off well his clear-cut Saxon features, his eyes were blue and full of fun or tenderness, as the mood was upon him, but they could throw out sparks when occasion warranted ; in fact, he was the beau ideal of those heroes whom Be La Barnes and Braddon are wont to go in ecstasies over and nominate god-Like ; indeed, I am not quite certain that Anthony Trollops had not a sneaking fondness for dragging his proto types into his clerical romances. In fact, Charlie was just the sort of man to turn the heads of ladies' maids and grass widows, besides being looked upon as dangerous by ambitious mothers and by husbands who had married young wives, and whose lives are one continuous struggle to appear as if they never heard of Mr. Justice Barman, nor knew of the existence of the divorce court. He made no secret of havingbeenignonunouslyplucked, nor of his having bled his 'governor' until that long-suffering progenitor had declinsd to submit to his final phlebotomy any longer. ' Yes, old fellow, he kicked me out with a Crimean shirt on my back, a box of paper collars, two hair brushes, one comb, a bottle of jockey club, two pocket handkerchiefs, and a toothbrush, in my carpet-bag, and a cheque for a couple of hundred in my pocket. 'Go, my son, and earn your living; I have done with you ; I wash my hands of you,' eaid he ; and then I've a shrewd suspicion he went into his den and tried to believe he wasn't blubbering over the prodigal. Good old chap ! I wish he could see me now. But I was an awful young rip, eh Syd ?' Such was his way of condensing his short career — light-hearted, gay, brave as a lion, and a whale at work ; he was an amusing companion, and a true friend at heart, but easily led, and unstable as water. Inagehe was Darahot's junior by about three years. Such were my new mates ; and now to my story. It was probably in the first instance on account of my constant visits to the Ex celsior that the two were so frequently there, but I soon saw that Minnie Field ing was the great attraction. Being my friends the line of demarcation had been considerably relaxed in their case, and whereas none but a bank manager or two and an occasional 'bagman' of not too loud a pattern were -permitted to enter the private portion of the hotel, Syd. and Charlie were allowed almost as free a 'run of the kitchen' as I was. A looker on sees most of the game, it is said, and I soon discovered that both my young com panions were enthralled by Minnie, one with all the fervid depth of his nature, the other with the passionate devotion of a shallower organisation. Fielding wss not slow to grasp the situa tion, and we had several conversations upon the subject, and one Sunday whilst Minnie and her adorers were strolling down the gully, her father said — 'Look here, Blank, you and I under stand one another pretty well ; now tall me candidly what you think of your two mates.' 'I have dose so, half-a-dozen times,' I replied. ? Tes, but what I mean is — dash it, old fellow ! you can see they're both dead spoons on Minnie, but old Harry himself can't tell which of them she likes best. Of course they are both gentlemen, cda va sows dire, but how about their prospects. I tell you frankly, Blank, I'm not going to throw my daughter away on a man who can't keep up a fair position. I know what impecuniosity is — no one better; and I know nothing spoils a woman eo much as the want of those little luxuries which make life pleasant ; so, like a good fellow, tell me what you really know about these men, and let me judge how to act for myself. I am pretty well in, as you are aware, and I cm sell out for a big thing any time I like to lift my finger, and that won't be long first ; but if I saw the necessity I'd top my boom to- morrow, and be off bag and baggage. I can go home and take up the broken thread of my life with ease, though a few years since respectability pretended to turn up the whites of its eyes at me. At The WuhingCoctaii&B;, tastefully trimmed, lAcei &c;, new being shownbj Hay&Compaay;, Adelaide, at 10a. U., 1Kb. Bd., and Sis., are marvels ot cheap sew. ' CMtunw are kept in stock tf them from Ms ed. to SO guineas. me 3 — no, bat at the poverty-struck position of a man who had squandered what he should have kept for the rainy day. Now that X can plank my dollars with the best of them they will quite forget the little eccentricities of Sir — well, of Frank Fielding.' ? All I know is not a great deal,' I replied, ' but you are welcome to it.1 ' Fire away, then, Blank.' 'Sydney Darshot is the heir to a baronetcy.' 'What Darrell Darahofs son. la he down M ouldshire way V 'The same.' ' By Jove ; a splendid fellow. He was in the Coldstreama when I was in the ? but go on old fellow.' ' Well,' I resumed, ' it seems the acres don't bring in much, and the title isn't - worth much ' ? 'Of course they don't; of courae it isn't,' interpolated Fielding; 'mortgaged up to the hilt. I recollect his run of bad luck at Crockford's, night after night for a week, when he droppsd £32,000, and gave poBt-obits for three-fourths of it. Then, whentheold man want under, he run a mucker on the turf, kept a lot of screws and backed them ; hunted the South Mouldshire, and mounted a smtll battalion of his 'friends' till the burst up came. That was just twelve months after he married old Sim Soames the banker's daughter, and a nice how-de-do it was. I was only a suck ing sub. then and hadn't quite opened my campaign, but I remember poor old Barry. By Jove, he covid jU3t plunge ; but I should never have taken your young friend Darshot for his son — takes after the mater, I expect. Go ahead. ' You seem to have the heads of the discourse plumb centre,' I went on ; 'all I need tell you is that there are seven daughters, and Syd is the only son. That is the reason he is here trying to make a fortune to redeem the old place from Abrahams, Isaacs, and Jacobs. He is a good fellow, but I don't suppose he will ever have the money that there is a bare possibility of Charlie Melton some day possessing.' ?What about him? I shouldn't be surprised to hear that he is one of the Northshire Melton's and heir to the Marquisite of Chasetens.' ' You have hit it in a sort of a way,' said I; 'his father is only surviving brother of the present marquis, but there are four good lives yet between Charlie and the title and property. He is the second son, but will have a few thousands a year, about three, I believe, on the death of his mother's sister, wife of the present Bishop of Stortford.' ?So Charlie's the better parti, eh? — well, which would make the bsfcfcer husband ?' said Fielding. 'Ah ! now,' I replied, 'you have asked me a question I do not think you should expect me to answer ; and besides, I imagine Miss Fielding will take the con sideration of that matter into her own hands.' ' Yes, I suppose so ; but at any rate I need not be alarmed at her preference for either ; they are about equally matched, I fancy, so far as coin goes, and with care £3,000 a year goes a long way. Of course it won't stand town and country houses, an opera box, a battue, hunters for two packs of hounds, and champagne every day for a regiment of visitors ; but it's better than a German prince's pittance — cheap cigars, vin ordinaire, square gin, and a perambulator for the princelings. 'Sea, I could manage to exist on £3,000 a year— that is to say, now I've shed my milk teeth. Here they come.' At the word the three turned the corner of the verandah, each looking self-possessed and nonchalant. There was a tacit understanding brought about in some mysterious manner — for no word of it was ever spoken amongst us — that Minnie's name should never be men tioned at, our camp, and it really never was except in the ordinary course of conversa tion. What I mean is there was never any discussion with reference to her, and the friendly rivalry, if there can be friendly rivalry in love affairs, between Syd and Charlie in this respect was carried on with a chivalry worthy of a Bayard or a Sir .Roger de Coverley. So matters went on. We were rather more than fairly successful, and being popular on the diggings, we were not begrudged our luck, and we generally re ceived early information of any ' rashes ' likely to be worth following. The popularity of Syd Darshot and I was, lowever, quite eclipsed by that of Charlie Melton, whose open-handed and indeed lavish expenditure joined to his winning and plausible manner, made him the general favorite of all, from the surly * hatter ' working his solitary claim, to the last new thing in 'dancing girls' imported by the enterprising caterer for the diggers' so-called pleasures. Summer gave way to autumn, and we had an unlooked for spell of wet weather. Whilst the ground was dry we did not find it neces sary to plank the shafts we sank to the pipeclay bottom, which was generally reached at from twelve to twenty feet from the surface. With a great increase of moisture, however, safety bade us take more precaution. We had just completed raising the last lot of washdirt from a claim we had been working for some weeks, when we heard of some adjacent holes caving in and burying a few took and so on, which had been carelessly left down below overnight. It was a bright, clear, crisp, Australian autumn morning, with a sun just warm enough to be pleasant ; the rain had cleared off a couple of days before, and as we stood by the side of our shaft, which was somewhat deeper than usual, as the bottom had dipped considerably where we sank — for- tunately for us, for the washdirt carried good gold — there was not the slightest ap pearance of any crack or sign of the whole caving in. We had decided, however, that the props in the last drive were not worth the risk of raising, and when we had loaded our stuff into the catts for which we were waiting to transport it to the creek for cradling, we intended to say good-bye to it. We were all three cutting up tobacco to fill our pipes when Charlie Melton suddenly ejaculated, 'By jove, what an ass I am.' ' Hear, hear,' said Syd. ' Everybody knows that,' was my contri bution. ' No, but I took my belt with, the rat skin pouch off down below last night whilst I hunted a pebble down the leg of my trousers, and you fellows were in such a hurry for your grub, I forgot all about it.' ' Well,' said I. ' let the ratakin bs for the heathen Chinee, who comes after civilisation has collared the cream.' ' Oh, but I must get it up though', said Charlie ; ' I wouldn't lose it for worlds.' ? Well, you are not very likely to have any worlds to lose it for, so let the ratskin rest,' said Syd. 'Not if 1 know it,' was the response ; 1 have it I must, so ? ' 1 What rig up a windlass again to let you down to get a waistbelt worth half a crown?' sneered Syd. ' I begin to think you really are — well, to put it mildly — a Jerusalem pony.' ' Besides,' said I, 'it is not worth the risk anyhow.' ' You don't know, you chaps, what's in it.' ' Tell us, then,' said Syd. ' No, I can't do that. It wouldn't be fair,' was the reply, and for the briefest moment the eyes of my mates met. ?Oh, well, if that's it, of course I suppose it must be got. Come along, Blank ; bear a hand, Charlie ; we'll soon lig up the windlass,' said Syd. And in a few minutes the work was done and the rope on, ready for lowering. What had kept me silent whilst doing the work, I know not, but now I came to my senses. 'It seems to me,' said I, 'there's a pair of you, and very pretty you'd look in a coster's cart. Look here, mates, Don Quixote is generally looked upon as having been a little bit wrong in the npper story, bnt it appears to me you are both more fitted for the padded cells than ever he was. Here come the drays. Bother the ratskin, let's get 'em loaded and done with.' ' It may seem a trifle absurd to you, Blank, old fellow, but there is something in that pouch I value highly, and to oblige me you'll not grudge the few moments it will take to recover it.' * If you pat in that way,' said I, ' why of course,' By that time the drays had arrived, and with them several idlers, who lounged down to see the last of our dirt. When they grasped the idea that the windlass had been tigged to let some one down the shaft, a perfect chorus of expletive com pliments arose. ' Why any man's a dog-goned ass to go down that hole this mornin',' said an old stager. ' lhat's just what he says himself,' put in Syd Darshot. 'Taller Bill's hole caved jest now,' said another. 'So did Ned Smi teases.' 'And Jemmy Dalton's' and ' 'Any Jones's,' came from several lips. 'Well, boys, this hole ain't going to cave just because I'm going down to fetch something up. Now then, look out, the sooner I get down the sooner I'll be up.' ' Better let me go, Charlie,' said Syd. 'You! no, thanks, old fellow,' and another meaning look passed between them. No word more was spoken; Darshot and I took hold of the handles of the windlass, Charlie put his footinaloopof the rope, called out ' Ready,' and we lowered away gently. A second or two and he touched bottom, and then disappeared in the drive; three or four seconds at most and he would be back. Bnt what made Syd and I suddenly blanch to our lips ; what made the small crowd around us suddenly step back and hold their breath? A Blight sinking of the soil was perceptible, the shaft was caving. ' Quick ! for your life, Charlie, roared Darshot down the hole. In another moment Charlie appeared at the bottom of the shaft with the belt and ratBkin pouch in his hand. ' Bight you are, Syd, old boy ; haul away !' cried he as he got ready. Two more willing hands joined us, and the handles span round as they had never rotated before. In a second or less he would be safe, when with a dull thud the ground gave way, the windlass sank a little, dragging as down, the handles hitting two of us heavily on the forehead, and Charlie was buried. No time was lost, the first word spoken was by the old tstager, who first remaxkedonthe absurdity of tempting Pro vidence by going down. ?Hold on, boys,' said he, ' lookee here, the rope's give out and he's dropped to tile bottom agin ; the sides is jammed about six foot down; he's safe enough jest yet, most like, bat it's a offul ugly job, you'd better believe. We'll have to be durned keerfoL Mr. Blank and Mr. Darshot, you're his mates ; will 'ee let old Sam Green have the managin of this 'ere job ? Oh, you'll both be in it, of coarse, as you've best tight to te, but praps I onderstands the hang of it a bit better nor you.' 'Bight, Sam,' said I, 'bat harry ap, old man.' In less time than it takes to write, old Sam made his arrangements, giving Syd Darshot and me what he considered, the posts of danger, next to hia own, which aftei thought told me was the most risky. Sirshot, white as a ghost and silent as the grave, with teeth set and brows con In the Dress Material Department, at 72, King. wUHam-stieet, Ha; 4 Company axe glrlng wunir- '?'_ puaed nine. JUI- irool Nuns' VeHIngtfWlnSJd. war: yard, A8kotwritelo»p»ttetns, .-.?.?.-?-:?«??:: tracted, strained every nerve io deaf away the earth, till old Sam called oat, 'Stiddy there, Syd Darshot ; yet don't want to smother 'im do 'ee V ' No, by Heaven !' was the cutt reply. 1 Well, then, stiddy, or by gorm you will,' said the old man. ' Blank,' he con tinued, ' that crack on the skull has taken your nerve away ; 'ave a rest a few minutes. 'Ere, you Bed Tommy, take that shovel.' I felt the troth of the old man's words, and resigned my place to another whilst I rested. Then 1 looked around me for the first time, and saw a surging crowd of miners. The news that Charlie Melton was buried had flown like wild fire through the diggings, and hundreds had come to help if need be to rescue the general favorite. Dancing girls were there by the score, and as I gazed the crowd parted in oce spat and Fielding and his daughter came into view. I Btaggered to meet them, and said, 'Good God, Fielding, this is no place for jour daughter ; take her away at once.' 'She made me come, old chap. Who is it? what is it? They told U3 you were all three killed. See, Minnie,' turning to the girl, 'they are not all killed, anyway.' ' Oh ! Mr. Blank, who is it ? are they both buried V asked Minnie. ' No, my dear Miss Fielding ; Syd Darshot is all right, but Charlie is ? ' Before I could complete the sentence she had swooned, and in that condition I peiauaded her father to convey her to out tent. The work still went on swiftly, and just as our genial Scotch doctor arrived on the scene, old Sam sang out — ' Stiddy all. j Then waving his hand for silence he said, * We're close to weer the fall's jammed, and ef we ain't keerful we'll let the lot down on 'im. Get a candle some on yer. Fetch that there spar, you chaps. Lay it right ere across the top ; now, then, a rope fast to it ; that's it. Now reeve it around my chist, now gimme that little drivin' pick. Now, Mr. Darahot, jesfc you stand back a yard, and trust me you shall 'ave your turn ef yez wants it, old pal, but this eio'a my perticler job.' Eaying which the old man got lowered in a leaning position until* he was able to reach the centre of the conical hole which had been dug under his supervision ; he then began gently but swiftly to pick away a small round hole; in a few seconds the point of his pick went through and a few lumps and pebbles dropped down. Everyone held his breath, and old Sara's anxiety was apparent in his seamed but kindly countenance. Would the whole mass fall or no ? No ; it held up so far, but the least indiscretion might cause disaster. Slowly and gently the old man widened the orifice, and when it was about large enough to admit the passage of an arm, he put Ms mouth as near to it as possible and shouted, 'Below there !' No answer. 'Got a bit stunned, I 'spect,' said he. ' Hold me tight, boys,' and again he commenced enlarging the hole. It was nearly large enough to admit of a man being lowered through it, when a sudden slight commotion just behind me caused me to look around, when I saw Minnie Fielding coming swiftly to the spot, supported by her father. ' Save him, Mr Blank ! oh, Mr. Darshot, save him V she cried. I looked on involuntarily at Syd, and instantly noticed the spasm which passed through bis frame at the words. There was no doubt now which man she loved. 'He shall be saved, Miss Fielding, if I die in the attempt,' said he. ' Now look a 'ere,' said old Sam Green, ' ef gala is in it I peeks, ef not I plays the game.' I stepped quietly to Minnie's side, and with a few words persuaded her to sit quietly down ; to get her away was im possible. In a couple of minutes the hole was large enough to pass through, but the danger of the loose mass falling momentarily increased. 'Now, boys,' said the old man, 'some on yer set on the ends o' the spar to keep er stiddy. That's 'im ; now gimme the candle ; now then, lower a ? ' Stop,' cried Darshot, ' that's my place.' ?Why, you durned young fool, I'm turned sixty-five, and you ain't thirty.' ' I tell you I icill go down.3 'Oh ! if yon wants to jine yer mate in kingdom come — 'ere boys, haul up gently, that's it — no time to lose, Sydney Dar shot. Come along, there you are, take the candle ; tie the rope round Charlie ef e's wuth bringing up, and we'll send it down agin for you ; now, boys, lower easy.9 And Darshot slowly disappeared ?with his eyes turned on Minnie Fielding, who, with outstretched arms, seemed mutely pleading him to save the man she loved. In about a minute old Sam Green called out, 'He's tied him, boys ; haul up gently. Bring them two planks, you fellers ; now, when he comes through, pat em under 'im; 'ere he comes. Take that gal away, will 'yer,' he cried, and then under his breath I heard him say, 'Dead as nits, I believe. ' Poor Charlie was now speedily brought to the surface, and Minnie, breaking away from her father, threw herself upon his inanimate form. Again she fainted, and her instant removal was ordered by the doctor. 1 Now, boys, quick ! up with the other ! the rope's on him. Haul away — by thunder its goin'. Haul away, I tell yer — there it goes — why didn'c the darned young fool let me go V Even as he spoke the ground gave way, and Sydney Darshot's form was seen dangling by the rope in the cavity covered with blood and clay. ' Haul away, boys ! bring the planks — that's so — now, then, land him acrost this way — not dead, by gum, but crushed terrible. What a that in 'is 'and?— that bloomin' ratskin pouch, as I'm a sinner — well of all the ? 'ere doc, 'ave a look at this ere one !' I had hurried as quickly as I could to poor Darshot's side, and caught the only gleam of intelligence in his eyes before he lapsed into unconsciousness. Grant Mac donald, the doctor, a maa of exceptional fixity of purpose, had already given in structions with reference to Charlie Mel ton, and at the old man's call came swiftly to Darshot. In half a minute he turned to me and said, 'This is a bad case, Blank, the other will be all right in a week, simply stunned and bo on, but this I can't answer for.' Charlie I have sent up to my ' hospital,' save the marki we must take Darshot there, too. It is a rough makeshift, but it is better than a tent, and perhaps you would not mind sending over to the 'creek1 for Klein schmidt, he is a deuced cleyw fellow, and Syd's worth saving, if possible. It did not take long to dispatch a mes senger for the German doctor, and a melancholy procession was soon formed, accompanying the senseless forms of the two most popular men on the 'field.' Before I followed, I went up to Our tent to see Minnie Fielding, and I found her so exceptionally excited that I sent for the doctor at once. His prescription was short and Bharp. Turning to Fielding he said — ' Take her home at once ; give her twenty drops of laudanum in half a glass of eherry, and keep her quiet when she wakes, until I come.' To describe the sufferings of the victimf of a ' whim' would be tedious. Sufficient to say that the doctor was right. In about ten days Charlie Melton was himself again, a trifle weak and pale, bat still all right. With Darshot, however, things were different He was, indeed, terribly crushed, and it took all the care of Macdonaldand Kleinschmidt to patch him np until his constitution recovered from the shock. The first words spoken by Charlie, after a three days' syncope, wera ?The pouch, Blank, the pouch.' Of course I soothed him as best I could, and explained that the pouch was safe. So it was, but still tightly clasped in the rigid band of Syd Tarshot. In two more days Charlie was thoroughly compos mentis, and when I explained how if was I could not give Mm Jus ratekin poucli, for it was *tfll as before, I discovered for the first time that he possessed more than an average share of selfishness. The poach was ultimately restored to him, and he then amply made up in tender attentions to his friend for any. little apparent desire to worry the man who bad almost sacrificed his life to save *'m and his amulet. 'Weeks pasaed, andD&rahot; still lay at the 'doc's hospital' Minnie Fielding visited him daily, and as well as she wa3 able soothed his agony and lightened his dreary days. Charlie end I broke fresh ground, and with our proverbial lock did well. A change was soon to come to us all. The first startling information received : in our little circle was to the effect that ia . consequence of the almost simultaneous death of Charlie Melton's brother and cousin bis father was heir presumptive to the Marquisate of Ckasetens. Charlie's letters, of coarse, urged him to return to England at once ; but for a time he lingered, ostensibly on D&rshot;'s account, although I had my own opinion of bis motives for staying. Although Minnie Fielding had shown her hand to me, to her father and to Syd Darshot, Charlie was yet in ignorance of the real state of her heart The next surprise was that Dazahot's maternal grandfather had relented to wards his daughter for marrying a spendthrift, that the mortgages were paid off, five of the sisters engaged, and a hue of roses pervading Sir Warren Darshot's declining jeais. Syd was therefore urged to re turn home. This was, of course, im possible as yet. Then came my turn Exile was no loBger necessary ; butmy concerns do not concern you, indlscrimi '' sate reader. A few more weeks and Syd Darshot was convalescent ; then came more news, but that was of a private nature so far as the outside public were concerned. Frank Fielding received the route if he chose to take it Two lives fell in, and to his astonishment he found himself heir to about £15,000 a year. He was already a baronet, as he had previously told me, befog in reality Sir Pincent Motton. ? Don't say a word yet, though, Blank. Let us see how Minnie means to serve Charlie and Syd.' If he could have foreseen— ah, me ! Winter and spring had passed, and the early summer was upon us before Syd Darshot was able to get about, the ghost of his former self. Attentive to him always, at last Charlie said he thought he might leave him to my care, as his father's commands to return to the old country became more importunate in each Btioceeding letter. So tfc was arranged, and a day was fixed for his departure from the gully. I pass over the carouse overnight at the Excelsior and the fare well, excepting to mention that the part ing between Minnie Fielding and Charlie was not so pathetic as I expected; certainly they might have piled up the agony in private, bnt in public the part icg was prosaic in the extreme. Fielding was as much surprised as I', and when Charlie disappeared round the corner on the box seat of C-obb's royal mail, he said * Women 'are studies, ain't they, Blank ? Minnie is not going to be come Marchioness of Chasetena.' Nor did she. It was on a Tuesday afternoon Charlie Melton left, as we supposed, Granite Gully. The night set in close and oppres sive. 'Have rain before long,' was the fiat, and in the morning down it came a regular soaker, with lots of thunder and lightning. As it was well known that such weather was apt to raise the creeks and elvers suddenly, the driver of the Wednesday coach interviewed the post master, who agreed to have the mails ready an hour before the usual time, so that Myall Creek and the Conaline might be crcssc-d before the flood came down. Just as the coach started the rain ceased, and as she'dashed by the Excelsior, we — that is Fielding, Darshot, and L, who were sitting smoking on the primitive verandah of the hotel — noticed without much sur prise that there was but one passenger, but we were somewhat astonished that that one was a woman, carefully veiled and wrapped up. 'One of the dancing girls from the Soyal, I suppose,' said Melding. 'I don't envy her the journey, anyhow.' The evening was fast cloning in, and Fielding had just said, * Wonder where Minnie is/ when the ostler of the Myall Aims galloped up to the door. With out dismounting he said, 'Mr. Fielding, there's bad news ; the boss said I'd better come over, the coach is washed away, and there's no sign of anybody being saved.' ' That's a bad look out, Tom, but what can I do? Why send to me? the postmaster is the best person to go to.' * Well, the boss thought being as how Miss Fielding and Mr. Melton was aboard you might feel interested.' 'Are you drunk, Tom, or gammoning ?' ' Neither one nor the other, sir.' ' Why, Mr. Melton went by yesterday's coach, and my daughter is ia her room or somewhere in the house.' ' 'Scuee me, Mr. Fielding ; certainly Mr. Melton left here yesterday, but he stayed at our place last night, and your daughter came by to-day's coach.' ' impossible ' 'No, it ain't, sir. She had a biscuit and a glass of sherry, and when I handed her her travelling bag, which she dropped, ahe said, ' Good bye, Tom -, is the river up think you ?' ' About half a backer, I expect, miss,' I sajs, and with that Xiame Bradley sings out, 'All aboard!' which there was only two and himself, and off they was, poor devils, begging pardon for saving so.' For a moment we stood paralysed, and then Fielding rushed into the house, followed by Darshot, and there no trace was to be found of Minnie ; she was not in the houee. A trap was ordered round at once, and we were soon speeding towards Myall Creek, for Darshot, although still very weak, persisted ia accompanying us. The landlord at the Myall Arms corroborated the statement of his ostler. Melton had stayed there overnight ; Miss Fielding had joined him that afternoon. A commercial traveller then present, who had at imminent risk succeeded in swim ming the Coiialine on his way to the diggings, had seen the coach swept away, and he thought it was utterly impossible for any of the passengers to be saved ; & party had started for the river at once, but had not yet returned. That was the news which greeted us. It was now nearly 9 o'clock, and a drizzling rain had set in ; the night was intensely dark, and after a consultation we decided to await the return of those who had gone to the river. Syd Barshot was for going on at once, but the excitement soon settled the matter with him., and In less than half an hour he was delirious and prostrate on his back. Fortunately MacDonald was in the township, and he at once took charge of him. At about half-past 10 o'clock the search party returned; They had seen no sign of the coach, horsei, driver, nor passengers ; they thought the case hopeless. Any way nothing could be done until morning. Sleep for Field ing and me was of course impossible, and ?with the worthy doc. we spent the night in a hopeless sort of vigiL Our prepara tions were all made, and at the first streak of dajlight we started for the river with such appliances & we thought might be useful, BuppoBing there was anybody a1 ire to be saved. The day had fairly dawv.ei when we reached the crossing-place. The fiood had considerably lowered during tha night, as we could see by the mark of the debris brought down by the floodwatera, and whilst we were debating as to the best course to pursue we were startled by a shout from the opposite bank. From ?where we stood, however, we could sea no one, but Fielding and I simultaneously mounted a couple of saddle horses we had brought and plunged into the stream ; our mounts had not to smm more than three' lengths when they agaiu. touched . bottom, and we were soon on tha other bank. Another cry came from a spot about fifty yards down the river, and hastening to it we found the maii driver, Lame Bradley, lying on the ground, shivering with cold and nearly exhausted. ' Yes, he'd been a fool to try it, but Charlie Melton said it must be done, and Misele she said she was game, so what could he do bnt go at it, and then she upset, and down they went. Well, he had some recollection of a crack on the head and a struggle, but he knew nothing till he came to himself in the dark and found himself jammed in the fork of an old log ; he managed to crawl out of the water to where we found him, and that was all he knew. Yes, they were inside the coach. Saved? Notlikelj.' Bradley was cared for, and then we started down the river to search for the coach. This we found, about half a mile below the crossing -place, caught by a huge snag, with both horses still attached, but stone dead. Of Charlie and Minnie we saw no trace. For days the search was continued, bat fruitlessly, and at last we had to make up our minds that they were dead, and gone from us for ever. It was some time before we were able to move Darshot to the Gully, and that being accomplished, we spent the first night of our return at the Excelsior. We had all been singularly reticent about the matter excepting the necessary consulta tions whUst'searchingforthebodies, but thia night we three talked as men situated as we were could only talk. It was a miser able night for all of us. Flank Fielding (for so I shall call him for the present) was a changed man — not so much out wardly, but within he carried a burning desire to be quenched only by revenge. Poor Syd seemed utterly crushed, and I confess to having been completely un manned for the time being. I am afraid we all three made an unholy vow that night, a vow which was well kept by all of us, though not perhaps in tha way which we foreshadowed, and revenge on those who were relatives of the culprit would have been poor satisfaction. Time passed, Fielding sold the Excelsior, Darshot slowly gained strength ; upon his re covery we all meant to leave Granite Gully for ever. One evening we were sitting outside a weatherboard hut we had had run up, when the very old shep herd Bloose, who discovered the gold field, and who was well known to us, loafed ap to us, and touching his hat said, ' Evenin', gents. Mr. Fielding, sir, I've heerd jest about the rummeat go I ever heerd.' « What's that ?' said Fielding. 'Well, there's a shepherd's hut stand ing about four mile down the river from the crossing, and about half a mile back, belongin' to my boss. Well, there's been a 'ighlander and his old woman a ltvin' there ior muats, and they ain't got no English as they says ; but mind yer, they 'as if they likes.' * Go on, old man,' said Fielding. ?Well, I was down there last week a changin' flocks, and while I was a settin' drinkin' a pannikin o' tea in the hut I sees a fotygraph of your Miss Minnie 'angin' to the wall. ''Olio,' Iaea, 'missis, warhever did you git that picter ?' ' That is,' she sea, ' the picter of a yunk latie which was nearly trown in the rifer.' ' What, 'I ses, ' warn't she drowned ?' 'No ; she vas not trowned. She vas prort here one morning by a pritty yunk man with plue eves and plenty of money, ant . they cot tried and wanned, and next tay they vent away with a chew hawker vich pass by.' So, I eays to myself, why, Mr. Fielding will stand a bottle for that information, and here I am, boss.1 To say that this news was astounding to us is to put it mildly. It was not long before we interviewed the old High hind couple, and saw Minnie's photograph. The information obtained from that was, although reassuring to a certain extent, not so socially satisfactory as it might have been. Charlie and Minnie were alive, that was something. Again, I am afraid, revenge was uppermost in our minds. 1 he knowledge of Minnie having been eaved had a surprising effect upon Dar shot, and in a couple more months he was fit to travel. Prior, however, to leaving the gully we saw several return-diggers, who had seen Melton and Minnie in Sydney. Thither then we went some six. months after the catastrophe. From Sydney, after some weeks' trouble, we traced them to Melbourne, and from thence we found they had sailed for England. That being ascertained, we saw what was to be seen in the queen city, and then followed on their tracks. Chapter DDL London! the sister queen city of her aboriginal emulator — London, the heart of commerce, of folly, of vice, and pleasure} Back again to the vortex. Yes, long suffering reader, we three landed at Southampton one dreary after noon in March, and after a more dreary sojourn at one of those Southamptonian hotels, which smelt of Ostend and tasted of mouldy waiters, we found ourselves next morning revelling in the ecstasy of a decent bachelor's caravansarie lurking between St. James's- street and Waterloo place. We soon parted, however, each to take Mb place in the square hole which his previous all-round proclivities had prevented his fitting ; not, however, before we had heard that Charlie Melton, by a swift sweep of 'death, that ever floating cloud/ had succeeded to the title and estates of Chasetens. A few months after, we were reunited, and when we met, as we did almost daily at the Carlton or Boodle's, few outsiders would have imagined that we were bound together by one of those ties which bind men's lives for good or ilL The London season was at its height ; we bad all seen the Marquis of Chaseten ; we had all seen Grace Marley ; we all knew the marquis was Charlie Melton ; we all knew that Grace Marley was Minnie Fielding, and yet not a word was said between us upon a subject which lay sore at the hearts of, at any rate, two of us. The two baronets and I (still a subaltern in the social scale of Debrett) drifted, cither purposely or unconsciously, into the same old groove which we had travelled during different epochs of our lives. At each of our ' chambers' were to be seen the same old lures to pleasure — the same summonses to card and naughty parties, which made our more youthful collars stand with fictitious starch — the same invitations to see those exciting Steeplers jump at Enfield — the same deli cate attentions from the sons of Joseph, whose offers of accommodation reminded us of shaky claret and shoful jewellery — the same * valets,' who robbed us of our comforts and wore our shirts and breast pins. The groove was there, but the idols of yore were shattered for ever. The empresses of the demimonde whose smiles a few short years ago had been ' nyatn nyum' to the floating jevmesse doris, were now to us simply bitter ashes of conceit, faint memories of gall, and dockets of deceit. So wags the world with them, poor souls! to-day the wealth of kingdoms at their beck, to-morrow eyeing wistfully their younger sister's triumphs. Kich in nature's prodigal attractions, poor in virtue's true possessions ; strong to allure, weak to resist Ah ! how many women percent, of the world's population have made themselves miserable for a glitter of gold! take them through, I'll take the odds, and small ones ; and yet — will you believe It — I have really met honest women. We had all taken our places in the little world of exclusion, portals were open to afternoon teas, our names were on club lists, our tailors did not require looking up ; we, in fact, had passed the Rubicon, old debts were wiped off with interest, andneitherBuckmastemotPoolo disputed our objections with reference to breeches - or dress- coats. . ? Youngsters : envied us, oldsters were jealous of us, women courted us, and we— well, we amused ourselves. Strange as it may seem, until about a week before the Derby day we had none of us closely encountered either the mar quis nor Minnie ; but one somewhat sultry afternoon In May, Morton, Darshot, and I were lazily lounging against the rails at the Piccadilly end of the 'Ladies' mile,' when Minnie, or rather Grace Marley, came along, driving a pair of cream ponies. The turnout was of course exqui site ; from the ponies' nostrils to the minia ture groom behind, everything was 'pink.' As she approached, a block of barouches necessitated her taking a pull at the creams, then with a dreamy and absent gaze on the sea of swells, her eyes took in three faces— her fathers, Sydney Dar shot's, and mine ; for the fleetest moment her eyelids quivered — that was the only sign to me that she recognised us ; then as the block eased she gave the creams their heads and disappeared. Motton simply sighed, such is the iron mask of courtesy. Syd Darshot whispered in my ear — ' Blank, old fellow, you know how I loved her ; yes, even the lock of hair in the zatsMn pouch. Now, by heaven, I feel as though a cork had been drawn, the wire off the soda, the string from the 'Clicquot' I'm myself once more !' Such was the effect of the appa rent callousness of the woman he had adored upon that strong man's noble heart. 'What's that, Syd ?' said Motton. ' Nothing much, Motton, but I'm cared at last' 'You'll hunt him?' 'To earth.' 'And you, Blank ?' ' If I can help — like a bud.' Such was the compact between our un holy triumvirate. How was it worked ? you ask. Thusly. The marquis was plangtng heavily, and with the luck which sometimes attends the satellites of his subterranean majesty, he was -winning pots of money. He was also engaged to be married to a woman who had held her own through eight seasons from her presentation, and had declined alliance with the best men of the time. Why she had at last succumbed was not quite apparent. I knew, however, that a certain episode in her brother's life made a necessity of a sacrifice. Very late one morning towards the end of the London season I was gently parting with a few sovereigns at Kate Hamilton's harmless establishment in the neighborhood of 'All Saints,' when Motton and Darshot came in, looking as fresh as primroses before sunrise. ' Well met, Horatio,' said the elder. ' By Jove,' I answered, * I don't think eo. I'm tired out, but can't sleep, and ? . Hullo, Zero and I left it there, thirty sovs. Thanks, I'm off home to get a rub down.' 'Don't go,' said Motton, 'Chaseten Is coming in directly. If you want to win a pony or two, back whatever he don't' * Oh ! is that what's the matter V wa3 my reply. A few moments later the bell tingled, and Charlie Melton the Marquis, together with Strathmore, Lurgan, Drumlaurig, Bob Lawley, and two or three other plungers whose names I cannot recall lounged into the room. With the sur prising (to the uninitiated) coolness of men of the world there was no recogni tion ; the outraged father, the betrayed friend, the old companion, seemed as ignorant of the betrayer's presence as he pretended to be of theirs. A little more Mousaeux went round, and play became more lively. I took Motion's advice and kept carefully to the opposite of the Marquis's plunges. By £.30 a.m. we had all had enough of it, and when I counted coin after ' pale ale and toast ' at noon, I found I could safely spare £700 to my account at Drummond's. How Motton and Darshot came off I did not ask, but I fancy both banked four figures for the morning's fan. :? . : . The season did hot close without rumors of Chaseten's heavy losses, and wild endeavors to recoup them ; amongst the hitter of which was to add to his already large but almost untried racing stud a 'chaser named Manx, second favorite for the Liverpool Grand National. I was bound for Norfolk, Pickenhatn Hall, and eo forth, being fond of partridges and coursing. Motton and Darshot were for the shires with two very pretty strings of flat-legged thoroughbreds, and the metropolis was emptying fast. A day or two before I started, however, the two inseparables, for such they ap peared to be, called at my den, and after the consumption of the usual allowance of sherry and seltzer, Motton asked — * What do you ride Blank V * A hansom as a rule,' said L ' Bother, no, but what weight '? ' Oh ! about eleven seven.' ' But you could train lighter V 'If I cared to do it, but ? ' c Will you do me a favor ?' ' A couple of hundred if I can.1 'Well, I've got an old mare in the 'Grand.' She's let iu at 10 at 4 lbs., and I want to win it with her. Will you ride her?' ' Go to Putney !' said I ; ' I haven't ridden to speak of sines Tom Oliver and Jem Mason shut me out of the Leaming ton in '49 ; get Green to ride, he can do ten seven, and I know Osborne, he don't want him to ride this trip because he means to lose with Ab-del-Kader.' ' No, Blank ; I must have a gentleman rider, and we must beat ' Manx.' ' * Well, if that's it, of course I'm on ; recollect it means spoiling my dinners for a month.' 'Yon'lldoitthen?1 ' Of course. When can I see her V ' In half an hour. Get into your rags .' I rather liked the look of the old mare when I saw her ; clean from nose to rump, broad chested, a trifle heavy in the shoulder, drooping a bit behind, some what too long In the ribs to please those of the old school, but elastic, smoothly going, and kind. Yes, I thought to Hijself, she can do the Liverpool course wiih a month's training and a man up, 'Who's going to train?' I asked. * That's all right, Blank ; ask no ques tions. We are going down to hunt with the Atherstone, in Warwickshire, next week ; come and join ua for a few days.' 'How about mounts? my two poor mokes are off to Norfolk.' 'Leave that to me, but come.' ' AH right,' said I ; and so it was settled. I don't quite know whether Motton meant to try to hoodwink me, but I do know that he didn't Whatever he might have done to the outside public, the dark brown mare X rode with Applewhaite's hounds at Atherstone was simply the iiea-bitten grey X had overhauled at Anderson's. I liked her immensely. If she had a fault it was being a bit too eager in the dirt She appeared to revel in the 'plough,1 and having rather a 'spread' hoof she got through it easier than better bred onea. There was a good deal of betting on the National that year, and in conse quence of the large amount of money invested by the marquis and his friends on Manx, that very aristocratic thorough bred jumper became first favorite ; in fact, on the morning of the race his owner was laying 5 to 4 on him. Mr. 6 turn's g m Dolly, aged, 10 st 4 lbs., was not even asked for ; and when I rode her out of the paddock with the butt end of an ' elecion' between py lips, I don't think even Miss Thornhill looked at me cr my mount. The story of the race is very common place. I had it in the hollow of my thighs from end to end. I had tried Dolly at the biggest jumps I could find in reason. I had put her through a couple of miles on the flat, alongside ' Mrs. Taft.' of Newmarket fame, and before we had travelled a mile I knew that all I had to do was to sit tight and judge time. Dolly won, of course, and although the ' elecion' wasn't alight, the butt .end of it was still between my teeth ; also I believe Miss Thornhill did look at me when we were going to scale, because young Spender, 'Viscount Windrift's cub, asked me if I was any relation of the Six teenth Blank, and when I wanted to know why /« wanted to know, don't you know, he said Sally Thornhill told him to find out Motton and Earshot netted £20,000 between them over the race, and I threw in a for modest £3,000 ; so the plunging wa3 pretty big. It wasn't the ' ring' that suffered, however, but the marquis and his stable. ' We score one,' said Motton, as I pulled my trousers over my leathers. 'Mark it,' was my rejoinder — and he did. Other matters occupied my attention during the winter, and though I heard of Chasetens being at Baden, Hamburg, and Frankfort, losing pots of money over the black and red, I saw no more of him, nor of Motton and Darshot until the early spring. The London season opened with every prospect of being an exceptionally gay one ; Russian princes, German poten tates, and Indian nabobs made early appearances in the metropolis, and trades people wore radiant in expectation of enormous profits, nor were they disap pointed. Grace Marley made her reappearance in the Row and Ladies' Mile, with unexcep tionable equipages, whilst her diamonds and attire were the envy of duchesses, and her rivals in the ranks of the Bohe mian eisterhood. Her boxes at Her Majesty's Theatre and the Covent Garden Opera House were crowded with young 'nobs,' whose wealth and position allowed them the privilege of setting decorum at defiance l-y appearing in such company under the lorgnettes of the women who received them in their families. Among3t these hardy loungers through life no one was more conspicuous than young Viscount Flicden, then in his second season. Rumors were rife that Chaseten wa.3 already in the hands of the Philistines ; his lawyers had given up supplying his de mands by the legitimate means at their disposal, and the estates were mortgaged heavily, timber was being prematurely sacrificed — but still the young marquis plunged. Unknown to me, Sydney Darshot owned a nomination in that year's Derby, which he had purchased some months before. He had had the benefit of Motton's advice in making his choice, and most of his friends who saw the colt thought he had given three times his value when they heard the price was £1,200. To look at him, very few would rate him as a Derby colt. He was undeniably well bred, bat he had a coarse head, with large ear3 ; his pipes were free enough, and his barrel and legs were more than usually good in a two-year-old. He was in fact a very forward colt, and looked months older than he really was, but no one would have set him down as having a chance for the 'blue ribbon.' Ifis performance certainly did not appear to enhance his value, as he had not been placed ia any of the races he had competed in. The consequence was that he was scarcely mentioned in the quotations. Darshot and Motton seemed to think he had a chance, however, and at their request I acted as their commissioner and backed him to win a round sum at 1,000's to 15. Cliaseten's nomination was on the list very early at a short price. He had run second for the Two Thousand, and had wonderfully improved since, but he would not have shortened in price quite so much had it not been for the injudicious plunging of his owner and his friends. I was sitting chatting one night at one of the Baroness Brunnow's pleasant parties in Portland Place — and of all the pleasant houses for several seasons, none was more so than the Russian Embassy — when my companion, who was the very agreeable wife of one of the most eminent lawyers of the day, said — ' -ffbtu revenoiis tmyowrs ajnos — -' - - ? - ' Mmitons T finished L 'No,' she went on; ' premiere* amours.' ' A propos de bottesf I queried. ' Not at alL Don't yon see Sir Sydney Darshot with Lady Clara Cajet ?' ' Yes ; but what of that V 'Why, did you not know that they were supposed to have been engaged years ago?' 'No, indeed,' said I; 'this is news to me.' ' And you so intimate with Sir Sydney.' 'Ah,' was my reply, 'Syd Darahot never tails of women, nor about himself.' - ' I believe that ; he is just the sort of man I should think would ? ' ' Would what, Lady PeUatt ?' I asked. ♦Why deserve a good wife, Mr. Blank.' 'But tell me,' I pursued, 'how came the match to be broken off ¥ ' No one ever quite knew, I believe ; but it was thought at the time by some of us that she was ambitious, and Darshofc was then apoorman. Whatever was the rea son, however, he went to Jericho or Botany Bay or somewhere, and she — weH she ap peared the following season as gay as ever. But she quite upset the theory about her ambition, for I know that she refused a duke with half a county, besides several smaller fry with incomes and positions to satisfy most women ; and unless she wants a prince of the blood she should have been suited before she consented to save that black-looking brother of hers by marrying the Marquis of Chaseten.' ' And that is another thing that puzzles me,' I said ; 'how can a spendthrift like Chaseton be of any service to Fred Cajet? It strikes me as being a case wheve both will fall into the ditch.' 'Well, I am sufficiently behind the scenes to know that the marquis is in fatuated about Lady Clara, though she is his senior by two or three years, and to secure her he takes advantage of a trans action which gives him a hold upon her brother. More I must not say, but you may depend there is a powerful reason for Clara Cajet marrying Chaseten.' 'There's many a slip 'fcwixt cup and lip, Lady Pellatt, and perhaps even yet the may throw him over.' ' Scarcely likely, I think ; if I know Clara she will be loyal to the family honor and save her brother at all hazards. ' Next day at the Carlton I met Darshot, and in the course of conversation asked him whether he and Lady Cajet were old acquaintances. He changed color slightly, and returned, ' Yes, Blank, we were very intimate some years back, and your refer ence to our acquaintance gives me the op portunity of asking you to do me a favor.' ' All right, old man ; what is it ?' ' Well, that scampish elder brother of hers, who has been a gambler from his cradle, lost some very large sums last year, more, in fact, than he could pay. He raised enough somehow to pay all but Chaseten, and to him he offered accep tances at three months, it appears. Of the latter Chaseten knew perfectly well tli at Ca jet's name wasn't worth the paper it was written on, and having an ulterior object in view he de clined, and said a cheque would suit him better. ' Well, look here,' said Cajet (this is what I have heard, Blank), 'I have bled the governor pretty freely lately, and he positively declines to ad vance any more ; but I think, perhaps, my sister Clara, who is his prime favorite, might induce him to back my papers for the amount of your claim. I am sure you will oblige me then by giving me three months.' Chaseten agreed to these terms, and Cajet brought him the accep tance. When it became due it was dis honored, and enquiries led to the dis covery that it was a forgery. The old marquis was furious, washed his hands of the whole matter, and forbad Cajet the house. Now this bill is in the hands of Ames Roberts, of George-street, who holds it and other things as security for money advanced to Chaseten. In a round about way I have heard that he is quite willing to part with these securities if Chaseten's liabilities are paid. I have a very important reason for not appearing in the matter personally, but I am willing, for a whim of my own, to pay that money if Roberts will transfer the debt aud securities to some one whom I can trust. Will you add to the many kindnesses I have received at your hands, old fellow, and get these things for me. I will write a cheque for the amount at once if you will, which you can pay into your account' ' If it will really serve you, Darshot, of course I will do it,' said I, ' although it is a trifle shady.' ' You will not think so some day, old fellow,' said he bringing out his cheque book. The amount somewhat staggered me, but it was no business of mine, and in a couple of days I placed the securities in his hands. Selecting the forged aceptance, he returned the remainder to me with a request to retain them in my possession for the present. This was on the 10th of May; and early in the following week the subjoined paragraph appeared in the Morning Pod ;— * Elopement in High Lite. — Considerable excitement exists iu the fashionable world in consequence of the elopement of Lady C. C.. third daughter of the Marquis of G ? . It has been already announced that the lady was engaged to a certain sporting noble man, and the marriage was to have taken place on Friday next. The companion of her flight is said to Sir S. D. ? , the well known Mouldshire baronet' I had just finished reading this an nouncement when Sir Pinsent Motton en tered my room. ' Good morning, Blank ; we score two.' 'Mark it,: said I, and he did. Tha paragraph turned out to be quite true. Darshot eloped with Lady Clara Cajet, and married her by special licence in a village on her father's estate, not, I be lieve, without that gay old nobleman's tacit consent. He had had the satisfac tion of knowing that the family name would not be dragged through the mure, without his having given way in his de termination not to raise a finger to save his scapegrace son. Lady Clara had burnt the obnoxious acceptance hi his presence, and he was not too old for a little bit of romance. I may as well explain that later, on he persisted in making Darshot accept a cheque for the amount. Chaseten was furious, and the fact that Roberts had parted with the forged ac ceptance added fuel to the flames. He threatened all sorts of dire vengeance, and insisted upon receiving back his securities, a temporary run of luck having placed hint in a position to redeem them ; upon being referred to me, however, his ardor cooled, or he smelt a rat, and guessed the truth. Quern Deus vidt pcrdere priits dementat. And the truth of the adage was nevermore clearly shown than in Chaseten's case Crippled as his resources were, he plunged heavier than ever and backed his Derby colt insanely. Acting as commis sioner for Darshot and Motton, I laid him the market price of six to four until he closed his book, with a total of £60,000 to £40,000. This alone would have meant ruin,' but he had backed the colt for many more thousands than that. His old friend Gregory Stillwell, a cautious but constant attendant at Tattersall's, fairly dragged him from the room, and taking good advice for once the marquis stopped plunging for a time. Sir Sydney and Lady Darshot indulged in but a short honeymoon, and on the Saturday previous to Derby day made their appearance at the opera. On the Sunday I had a visit from Motton and Darahot. ' Come to ask you to oblige again, Blank,' said the latter. ?Very well, boys,' I replied; Tm at your service, of course.' ' Well, can you tear yourself away from society until Wednesday 2' For OIotss and Hotieiy by Hay & Company, Ade laide. Their make* give atUsbcUon on tiros polnti, vie* Prfeej W«w, ud Jvpeanaca. * In a good cause, yes ' ' Then this is what's the matter,' said MottoD. Dazahot'scoltSolitudeisasfitasa fiddle, and the trials have been good enough to bade Now, of comae, the fact of your laying Chsseten to heavily against Grid iron has set the touts thinking, and patting two and tiro together they have come to the conclusion that Solitude wants watch ing; consequently he has only had walk ing exercise since Thursday. Now, he must hare one or two pipe-openers before the race, and we don't want those gentry to see him extended. We can depend on the trainer and his boy rider, bat we don't want the others to know too much, for all stable boys are not immaculate, and touts are like corkscrews. Solitude must be taken away from his present quarters, and we want you to do it.' ?AH right ; but how?1 'The moon rises to-night at about 9.30. At eight o'clock you must meet old Sim Marian, Darshot'a paternal coachman, at the cross roads, two miles Egham Bide of Gloaming's stables. You'll have to wear this wig, and soap and flour your beard and whiskers.' 'Thanks!' ' Then you must start by the seven p.m. train, and get out at Harden station, which is only about a mile from the cross roads. Martin has two horses put up at the Bell at Egham, which he pretends he is going to prepare quietly for some leather plating. Cue of these is a very fair likeness of Solitude with the clothing on ; that you will ride over to Gloaming's. fie will have everybody out of the way except Solitude's boy. The brown you ride will be put into Solitude's box, and him you will ride back to the cross roads as quickly as you can, for we don't want him. to catch cold, and we must not risk his leaving with his clothing on. Martin will have some rugs ready, throw them over the colt, and get to the Bell at a gentle pace. Old Martin has already dis played some remarkable eccentricities tinder instructions as a trainer, and the landlord and the ostler at the Bell would sot be surprised if he brought home a chimpanzee as a rider, so that they won't fce astonished when you appear.' ' Thanks ; any thing else ?' 'No, that's about all ; except, of course, you'll have to sleep in Solitude's box and give him a couple of gallops by moonlight on the Eghaxn course — one to-morrow night and the other the night after. Starting at about 2 a.m. on Wednesday morning you can reach Sutton by a little after daybreak; there you wul meet Gloaming and the boy riding the fictitious Solitude; the exchange must be made between there and Epsom. Once safe in his box Solitude will be all right, whilst you and Martin will go on to the | Eagle, where a room is engaged for yon, L and where you must direct your man to ? send your portmanteau. It will be easy ^ during the bustle always incident on Derby morning to sink the grey-bearded groom to reappear as that pink of fashion — Blank.3 ' A very pretty little swindle indeed, especially the soap and flour and the chimpanzee. Never mind, I'll do it; but don't you think it will knock the colt about too much T 'No,' said Daraliot, speaking for the first time, ' he is very hardy ; and if his coat does stare a bit when he is stripped for the race all the better.' This programme was carried out, and until about one o'clock on the Derby day I lost my identity in a grey wig and a pound of yellow soap, but when I entered the enclosure an hour later I don't think even Miss Thorahill suspected either one or the other. The grand stand was exceptionally full, and some hea?y betting was going on when £ arrived. ' Come along, Blank,1 said Byng, of the Coldstreams ; 'here's a great lark going on over here. Chaseten. is half-screwed, and he is backing his own colt and laying thirties to one to Darshot about Solitude. By-the-way, you know Earshot pretty well ; is there anything in his colt V * Well, I think he won't be last,' was my reply. Tnre enough, the rivals forthe second time were standing together, and they had just booked another bet as I lounged up with Byng. The saddling-bell for the great race commenced ringing at the moment, and a general move was made across the course to look at the startera. Gridiron, the first favorite, and the bearer of so heavy a burden in wagers, was of course the principal centre of attraction, and he was certainly worth inspection — a race horse all over ; he was the pink of per fection, and had the bloom on if ever a colt had. The fact of the rivalry between the two owners caused Solitude to be overhauled almost as critically as the favorite, but he did not please many, as he looked as ragged as a gipsy's donkey, and the look of disgust on the face of Ms jock, one of the most famous riders of the day, was a study. A word in Mb ear, however, from Gloaming appeared to re assure him, and as he pulled up after the preliminary canter I noticed he carried a smile in his keen grey eyes. Darshot and I walked a few yards alongside the horse as hecrossed towards the Warren to start, and the baronet's last words were_ * Ke Biember Sam, don't come too near till you have turned Tattenham Corner j then you know what to do, and — two thousand to nothing if you win.' * Fm awake, sir, thanks. Git up, horee V and Solitude went on his way. A few more minutes and the Derby 'dog' had been cby-iked down the course, and a roar told us that the start ?was made. Gridiron's rider was clearly instructed to wait, for Chaseten's colors were not prominent until at Tattenham Corner the colt came with a wet sail, and turned towards home with a clear lead of three lengths of a bunch of horses all together, behind whom was Solitude. A few more strides and the latter took second place. At the distance the marquis's colt was still leading by about the same, and the cry came from thousands of throats * Gridiron wins, hands down.' But the unerring Sam on Solitude eat down to ride, and gradually crept up to the favo rite's girths ; then with a well-timed effort shot up, and won a great race by a bare head. The win is not what was called a popular one ; the public did not know anything about the facts I have related, and the marquis was one of those men who are always the idols of the multitude. Later in the day as I passed the barouche in which sat Grace Marley I overheard her say to 'Viscount Flicden, who was standing with a crowd of ' swells' by the carriage — 'Mind you send me that bracelet I won ; I told you Gridiron was i too hot a favorite, and that I preferred Solitude.' * Diamonds and dead gold, was it not 2 ' said Flicden. ' Yes, one of Hunt & Roskell's best.' 'So,' thought I, 'a dangerous rival even there.' Chaseten's losses over that Derby were something appalling for a solvent man, but to one already out of Ms depth it was h eimply terrible. To Motion and Darshot f alone his losses amounted to over £90,000, whilst I threw in for a modest £7,000, exclusive of commission. Sow these debts of honor were met has always re mained a mystery ; they were met, how ever, and a great sacrifice must have been made somewhere. I As we sat over our claret on the even I ing of the race Mbtton remarked to me— & * We score three, Blank.' ^T ' Mark it,' said I, and he did. ^ft A fortnight passed, and that strange ^K jade rumor fcld us that Grace Marley'a ^^?^ tarte bUrndie at Hunt & Boskell's on ^^H Chaseten's account was stopped a week ^^B later; her house in Wilton-place, fur ^^H Dished at an enormous expense by her be ^^r trayer and paramour, was closed; her ^r ponies and horses were eating their heads «ff in the stables in the adjacent mews, . and Grace herself was mistress of another i * luxurious establishment is the adjacent Crescent, furnished by her new friend and protector Viscount Flicden. This desertion of Chaseten by the one woman whom I believe he really loved in those old days at Granite Gully was a sad blow to his pride and self-esteem. fie had already taken to pale brandy as a friend in seed, and the frequent cruel freaks of fortune which had latterly been so unkind to him caused him to drink heavily. He appeared to lose all restraint over himself, and before the West- End emptied itself into the country Chaseten had had two attacks of delirium tremens. He was atill able to keep his head above water, but the JewB were shy of his paper, and it was pretty well known that his race was nearly run. After the close of the season he was heard of at some of the German gambling centres, but towards the end of November he made his appear ance in the shires looking something like his former self. He had sent down a fair fttnng of hunters, amongst which was a big bright chesnut, very taking to the eye, but really a bad-tempered brute. It happened that Motton and I were staying at Lord Seafield's, and Darshot and his wife were at the Marchioness of Nailsbury's hard by. Hunting had been next to impossible for a week, when sud denly the frost broke np, and the muter of the Quorn arranged for a lawn meet at the Marchioness's on the following Friday. There was a big crowd, and amongst us appeared Ohaseten. He was mounted on the chesnut just alluded to, and seemed cheerful and strong in health. After some 'coffee-housing' the hounds hit off the scent, and after one round in cover the fox broke and headed due north. 'Have you got a second horse out, Mr. Blank?' said old Sir Tattoa SykeB as we rode through an open gate together. 4 Yes,' I replied. ?Well, you'll want him, or I'm mis taken,' continued the veteran; 'that fox means business, for if I'm not mistaken I have followed him twice before in the same direction, and with the same result, a long burst and no blood.' Sir Tatton was right ;.we had a fast and brilliant run. Gradually the field thinned out; thanks to second horses Motton, Earshot, I, and a few others were still in it. 1 he hounds were just running from scent to view when Chaseten dropped amongst us, apparently from the clouds, really over a big bullfinch. He had no second horse out apparently, or had missed him, as be was still riding the chesnut. That big brute was evidently distressed, but too game to give in. Another easy fence, and we were in the same field with hounds and fox ; gallant Reynard's seconds were numbered, and fifty yards on the other side of a high ox fence they ran Into him. There was a slight decline towards the postand-rail, and as we raced for it, eaoh gripping -his saddle for the jump, Chaseten brought the chesnut along with a rush, and led to the timber. The horse had his ears lying back on his neck, and was evidently pumped out, but with set teeth and determined eye his rider drove him at it. The liorae rose -willingly enough, but the flesh, was ?weak ; be caught his two foie legs on the top rail and turned a complete somersault into the next field, breaking his own neck and killing poor Chaseten. ' Gome P shouted Motton, as he landed alongside of me, close by the miserable man whose misspent days were ended. 'By Jove, yes,' said Sir Tatton, who overheard the remark, ' game to the last, poor devils. But that was not what Motton meant. When Chaseten was buried I think that even Motton's vengeful feelings were buried too. Any way the name of Charlie Melton was never again men tioned, nor was that of poor misguided Minnie Reldfasg. And what of her? Well, Plicden's day came like Chaseten's. He ruined him self on the turf and in the hells, and when his account was closed at Hunt and Boskell's Grace Marley deserted him in turn, but not for another house in Wilton place furnished by an admirer, for she married a man worth £10,000 a year, and if you should happen to be in her neigh borhood you will hear her spoken of as a regular £ady Bountiful; the poor swear by her, but she is not yet received by the county families; she may be some day, perhapB. Does she ever think, I wonder, of the days at Granite Gully and the ratskin pouch ? Who knows 2 