BUDDHISM IN RELATION TO CHRISTIANITY. At the last large meeting held in February by the Victoria (Philosophical) Institute, 7 Adelphi Terrace. London, a paper was read by the Rev. R. C. Collins, M.A., on Buddhism in relation to Christianity. Referring to the parallels between tbe persons and characters of Buddha and Jesus Christ, he said:—“Take, as a prominent instance, tbe birth stories. I need not here give details, which are to be found in any modern work on Buddhism. The supposed miraculous conception; tbe bringing down of Bu'ddba from tbe Tusica heaven; the Ddvae acknowledging his supremacy; the presentation in tbe Temple, •when ;ihe images of lodra and other gods threw themselves at bis feet; the temptation by Mara—which legends are embel ished by tbe. modern writer I have already quoted, under such phrases as ' Conceived by this Holy Ghost,* 'Born of tbe Virgin Mary,* 4 Song of the heavenly host/ ‘Presentation in the Temple and temptation in tbe wilder ness*—none of these is found in the early F&U; texts. The simple story of ancient Buddhism is that an ascetic, whose family name was Gautama, preached anew doctdoe of human suffering, and anew way of deliverance from it. There is no thought in tbe early Buddhism, of which we read io the Fdli t:xta. of deliverance at the hands of a god; but tbe mao Gautama Buddha stands alone in bis striving af»er the true eman* cipation from ‘ sorrow and ignorance. The accounts of bis descending from heaven, and being conceived in the world of men, wb*n a preternatural light shone over the worlds, tbe blind received sight, the dumb sang, tbe lame danced, the sick were cured, together with all such embellishments, are certainly added by later hands; and if here we recognise some rather remarkable likenesses io thought or expression to things familiar to ns io our Bibles we need not be astonished, when w« reflect bow grtat must have been tbe influence, as I have before hinted, of the Christian story in India in tbe early centuries of the Christian era, and, perhaps, long subsequently, Tnis is a point which has been much overlooked; but it is abundantly evident from, among .other-proofs, the story of the god Ktishna, which is a manliest parody of tbe history pi Christ. The. Bkagavoct Oita, a theosopbical poem put Into the mouth of Krishna, is something unique among the productions of tbe East, containing many gemt.of what we should caii. Caristlao troth wrested from their proper setting, to adorn (his creation of the Brahman poet and indicating as plainly their origin as do the stories of hia life in the Maha Bharata ; so .that it baa not unreasonably cono'nded that the story of Krishna was inserted in the Maha* Bharata to furnish a divine sanctipn to the j Skagacat'Qita. If, then,as there is tbestroogest reason to believe, the Cbrhtian story, some where between the first and tenth centuries of the Christian era*, forced itself inti tbe great Hindu epic, and was at tbe foundation of the most remarkable poem ..that ever saw the light in India, can we be surprised if we fled similarly borrowed .and imitatfd wonders in the later Buddhist stories also$ H Several Home and Coloiiid ap plications to join the Institute as guinea subscribers were received, and its object being to investigate all philosophical and scientific questions, especially’ any said 1 to' militate against tbe .truth of the' Bible,—a discussion ensued in which *Hr Hnrmuzi Rtssam, "Pro fessor Leltner, from Lahore, Mr Coles, an earnest student of tbe qu?stioo during itwentyrfive yeart* residence in Ceylon,' Professor Rhys David?,T and others ' took part all agreeing jo and confirming the state ment* of Ur ’Collins* paper. Dr Leitner brought a large number of photographs of early Indian acd 'Tartar sculptures, showing the first intro*' duets on of the Christian story tuiti those’ monu ments''het weeb, about ' the seoohd and tenth . centuries/ : and ’ valne' of such 'additional confirmation' of Mr Collina* statement*.' ,v ' " : 