LAND NATIONALIZATION SOCIETY. THE Kapunda people are setting a good example to the rest of the colony by the \- , I • I „„„ OI,™ I vigor •~o— ana energy wnicn luey - are snuwing in the work of educating the people to a right view on the great question of land nationalization, and we most sincerely hops that some such society will be formed in Gawler. It is the opinion of many even of those who are firm believers in the soundness of the ] theory that the question is far out of the range of practical politics, and no one alive now will see the State the sole owner of land. But these pessimists forget that the world moves faster to-day than ever it did before, and that while it used to take years for opinions to spread from place to place, the influence of the printing-press is such tliat „ cc p ii j . a month now suffices tor what used to take years, and truths have no sooner been formulated by thinkers than they are caught up and spread over all lands, 1 6 . ') are discussed in all quarters, and adopted or rejected as their inherent worth merits. There is therefore every room to believe that the grand truth that no man has a right to monopolise for his own use that which is for the benefit of all will make far greater progress than most people imagine, and we look for some practical work before the world is ten years older. South Australia has taken the lead in the matter of dealing with the land, viz., the Real Property Act, and it would indeed be a honor to the colony to be the first to accept the principle of land nationalization. There are comparatively . . , , few difficulties in the way once tne public is won over to the truth. The money COl'ld easily be raised in the English market, as no better security could be given than the land, Wincil would be constantly inereasing in value. Our obiect in writing now is not so much to argue the principle as to urge , ° , J . «, j on those who already accept it and see the grand future before the colony if it only carried out to combine to the truth. Modern Athens , " . j i surely not be behind when a which is stirring men's minds the world over awaits discussion. AXOTHER DOCTOR.—It wiil be seen by an elsewhere that Dr. J. G. L.R.C.P. and L.S.A., physican aud surgeon, intends to commence the practice of his profession in Gawler early next month. We understand this gentleman was educated St. George's and St. Thomas's Hospital, London, and has had extensive private practice, besides having had sole charge of a large Medical Asylum in Salisbury, England. AUCTIONEERING.—On Saturday, May 24, Messrs. Lawes & Carman held their first auction sale in Gawler at Mitchell's store, Murray-street. There was a large attend ance of buyers, and Mr, Carman, who acted as aucti oneer, made a few remarks expressing the firm's pleasure at seeing so many present, and intimated that it was intended, if sufficient encouragement were given, to continue the sales weekly. The same firm will hold a similar sale to-morrow evening. THE REV. W. HILL.—Old residents of Gawler will remember the Rev. W. Hill being circuit minister of Gawler, though as it is 29 years since he was appointed to the circuit, most of the present congregation will be strangers to him. Mr. Hill is uow enjoying a well-earned holiday, granted by the Sydney Conference, aud is to preach in the Gawler Wesleyan Church ou Sunday morning next. A DISGRACEFUL S<;EN T E.—One day last week a funeral was arranged to take place in the Willaston Cemetery, and two of the corporation men were ordered to dig the grave. They did so, but to refresh themselves while atwork took some beer out with them, the result being that by the time they had finished their work they were both the worse for liquor. When the funeral arrived one had sufficient sense to get ont of sight, but the other caused quite a scene at the grave. The men were both suspended by the inspector and reported to the works committee, who held a meeting, and in consideration of the fact that the offenders had been for a long time in the employ of the corporation (one for ever 20 years) allowed them to go back to work, at the same time disrating them and directing that they should be dismissed at once if they give the least cause for complaint in the same direction, SHEAOAK Log School.—'The annuaal examinatiou of this school was held by Inspector Hosking with the following result :—Junior division—Paul Spath, Reinhold Matz, James Job 4: . Albert Kruger, Alfred Wobjing, Fredrich Geue, Anna Neldner 3. First class—Catherine Farrel 5 Martha Matz 4 ; Lydia Giersch 3. Second class—Carl Spath, Agnes Schroder 6; Arthur Heinjus, Alfred Heinjus, Richard Geue 5. Third - - class- - -Wilhelm Lienert fi: Emil Spath 5 Fourth class - Joseph Job5; Johanna Neldner 4 Results gained, 80-83 per cent. Mr. Hosking remarked :—"I am much pleased with the work of the year : the first, second, and third classes doing remarkably well." Mr. Homauu is to be congratulated on the result, and more especially as it shows that a steady advance is being made, as last year's 'examination showed a ;result of 78-79, and the year before 75-15. THE DRAWING-ROOM MISSTRELS. — On Friday evening last the above minstrels made their first appearance at St. George's Schoolroom, and were a great success. Ihe attendance wa8 good) tlf e r00!11 beiug com . fortably filled. A slight alteration in the programme was made owing to Mr. C. Warren being called away to Sydney at the last moment, and Mr. Lamprey, of the SnowJlake M^stre i sj kind i y took his place. The programme opened with a lively chorus by the company, Mr. F. Barrett following ^ " Noriue Maureen," which was credit- ^ p ^ t t ^ c ^ X f Cd!'' fair. Mr. Lamprey sang " Little Blue Eyes," and Mr. Parkes was very good in his song "The Vacant Chair/- receiving an encore. Mr. A. G. Wells brought down the house with his comic g «, Don> t be Foolish, j oe) » an encore being demanded. Mr. F. Barrett then saug, "Sweet Genevieve," and a chorus by the company closed the first ffi i ^ f ^ T ^ J ^ ^ duet) «All's Well," by Messrs. Parkes and Barrett followed. The next was a comic song and dance, "The Cures," by Messrs. A ^ T e ^ S l t a S l y Mel^ Mumme, Parkes, Lamprey, and Barrett, closed the second part of the programme, The laughable farce, "Bal de Afrique," To t^Yot'; Mr Barnum found a representative in Mr. Mumme ; Hamlet's Ghost, Mr. Crump Richard the Tenth, Mr. Parkes ; Mr. Dead 1 , 1 , ead ' f1M^ Ba «ett ? member of the Press, Mr. G. Barnet; Mary the Milkmaid, Mr. Tideman. The characters were very well sustained, and provoked much laughter, Mr. Wells was specially good, being, in fact, * he life an , d soul , P| ec< \ T fi e mgs were brought to a close by the singing of 6 the Nati ona i Anthem. Mr. G. Barnet efficiently presided at the piano. The performance was repeated on Thursday evening, The net proceeds, £10 5s., were handed over to the St. George's Entertainment Associa tioii. PORT CHRISTTS.—This troupe, which drew so well about 12 month ago, when they gave a concert in connection with the Friendly Societies' Celebration, are to appear in Gawler on Thursday next for the same object. Particulars will be published in our next issue. ST. GEORGE'S CHURCH, GAWLER. A special Vegtry vesiry uxeei/mg Ueethlg was held utstu in u the but: St. ot. George's Schoolroom on Tuesday evening, May 27. The Rev. Canon Coombs occupied the chair, aud there was a very large attendance. The ^ S l S ^ SScidl wji at those additions should be. For upwards of twenty years the Church has been in a incomplete state, and it has been considered advisable to take steps to add to it either the tower, transept, or chancel. For this purpose a bazaar was held, from which over £400 was raised, and au effort is to be made to raise a futher £600, the balance required to be taken up as a loan. After the various plans and estimates had been submitted to the meetiu it wag ai most ima nimously resolved to erect a small transept with chancel complete, thus providing accommodation for organ, choir, and vestry. By this arrangement 150 seats will be added to the body of the church, and the present g a ii e ry, now occupied by the organ and choir, will be open to the pubic, thus giving a further eighty seats. It has been decided to leave the question of a tower in abeyance, at least for a tune, In order to carry out the wishes of the meeting a Finance and Building Committee, consistin; of the following, were appointed :—Rev. ~ Canou Cooinbs, Messrs. James Martin, J.P., H. E. Bright, sen., J.P., L. S- Burton (Mayor), Dr. Dawes, W. R, Lewis, J. Hill, T. C. Fowler, G. Warren, J.P., J. Rudall, S.M., S. B. Rudall, C. H. Twigg, C. T. Pollitt, F. H. Lewis, and W. H. Gome. GAWLER WESLEY AS BAND OF HOPE.— The quarterly entertainment of the above was held on Wednesday evening, May 29. There was a good attendance, and Mr. T. J. Wilkinson (the president) occupied the chair, After singiug and prayer the chairman made a few pointed remarks on the benefits of total abstinence, speaking of what drink had done for some persons he had known The Sunday-school band then gave some musi c> after which some of the younger singers of the Band of Hope sang a chorus very creditably. Master W. R. Marsh then \- f ^ ^ MiL S S Wincey, who was evidently rather nervous, j n a solo, "The Song for Me." otherwise well given. A dialogue " Eyes and No Miss and Mr. W. A. Mar,h was well given, and was followed by a chorus by the company. In the absence of Mr. 11. Crump, who was detained at the last moment by illness, Mr. Nicholson gave a ^<>rt, but appropriate address^ speaking of temperance teaching in ktate schools, ihe you* g ainger s again favored the audience with some music, and Master E. Green gave m a very good recitation, "That's not the Way at Sea." Miss E. Puggs then sang m an excellent manner, "Come, Birdie, come," A dialogue, " Wanted a Coachman," fol lowed, given by five members of the band ; the impersonator of Pat creating much amusement. Another chorus by the company, and a well-given recitation, " Curfew Shall not Ring To-night," by Mr. H. P. Wilkinson, brought a successful meeting to a close. Miss K. Jones ably presided at the organ. UXCLAIMEI> LETTERS.—The following unclaimed letters were lying in the Gawler Post Office on Friday, May 30 : — E. AUwright, Mr. Andrew, J. Angley, Miss J. Banner, Mrs. Wm. Baey, Mary S. Bottrill, C. Churches, John Calbiry, Geo. Carpenter, John Templer, Mr. Dowe, P. Farrell, H. J. Fowles, Mrs. A. E. Fraser, Mrs. Gawler, Harry Jones, J. G. S. Lavestone, Alex. McLaren, W. Mitchell, Miss D. O'Louglilin, Robert Oswald, W. 3. Penrose, S. Ring, William Stafford, S. S. Reeves, G. Schinall, W. H. Spinks, W. J. Smith, Henry Todd, H. D. Thomas, John Turfield, P. Thompson, J. Wilson, Jas. Ward, Jas. Window, Mrs. Watsford, W. Way, H. Zueek. THE CIGAR AS A SOCIAL FORCE.— Says a well-known busiuess man :—" Make no mistake, a cigar is a great arbitrator. It helps to break the ice ; it bridges over the gulf of embarrassment in meeting unexpected or undesirable parties ; it is a sort of passport to good fellowship aud kind treatment. It tides over the awkward first few minutes when you sit down to a busiuess confab with strangers or men that you are little shy of, aud it fills J in the odd moments when you are waiting to ' see which way the cat will jump. By the attention which you must give your cigar you gaiu time for deliberation, and it somehow gives you an appearance of fortitude aud composure which you don't feel in the least Why, let two men light cigars and sit down to make a contract, aud I'll guarantee they'll get 5 per cent, better terms each side than if they nervously whistled and drummed on the table between times. Therefore, in a business way, I consider it is often an advantage to smoke. If I were a newspaper man I would learn that aud shorthaxd the first thing." All your mvn fault ii you remain si.:k <>r uut of health, whuu VMU can yet H<<|i Jiitlcia. Read. TJIE SALVATION ARMY.—The annual meeting of the Salvationists was held at Exeter Hall ou April 23,. " General"' liooth in the chair (writes tb.c.Etiroj.rmi 3'"'>(). The hall was fairly well filled, and ihe majority of those on the platform wore some kind of badge indicating that they were olticially with the " army." Mr. Booth gave a long address, in which he congratulated his adherents ou the success of the army during the past year. The number of corps had increased from 440 in January, 1S83, to 749 in April, 18S4, while the officers numbered I*2.J more than last year. As to the rank aud file, no reliable statistics were forthcoming, but Mr. Booth claimed that hundreds and thousands of drunkards and other reprobates had been converted, and lie believed that about a million had been brought to the " penitent form," although they had not all been converted. With regard to finauces, only a " paltry" £32,000 .had been liven to the army by "outsiders," but the local corps in the United Kingdom had raised among themselves £1S0,000 ; £72,000 had been turned over in the "trade" department at headquaters ; loaus and gift: had been received amounting to £70,000, aud the income from abroad was £71,S00. Al- together he reckoned that about £400,000 had been collected by the "army," and expended on the ]\ r ar Cry, uniforms, officers, rent, &e.; while £90.000 had been spent in "the acquisition of property." They were, however, often in very great want of money, and he asked for a relief fund of £10,000 to be provided within the next 2S days. With regard to the future, he did not know what the "army" might do. Perhaps it might be formed into a sect, and as there was so many it would not matter much about one more or less. Perhaps they might amalgamate with some other sect, but lie could not fancy any church swallowing the Salvation Army. In conclusion, Mr. Booth begged very earnestly for funds. A Salvation melody was then sung while a collection was made, after which Mrs. Booth addressed the gathering with much energy and gesticulation. Brief addresses were also given by members who were going to the colonies and the meeting eventually quietly dis persed. A WEIOJIT OF WATER.—A "Teacher' writes to the Observer on Saturday last as follows :—"On reading your weather column this morning, I put the following question to my pupils :—Tile rainfall for the past forty-eight hours appears to have averaged at least one inch, and to have fallen over 50,000 square miles of country. Under those conditions, find the weight of the water that fell. It may interest some of your readers to hear that the answer came to a little over 3,241 million tons." SALVATION ARMY AT HINDIIARSH.—A correspondent sends us the following :—Of all the disgraceful sceues that have occurred in South Australia under the name religion, the worst transpired here in con nection with the Salvation Army. They were determined to have a big " go," and big " go" they had. On Monday afternoou the army met at their usual place, and proceeded, headed by a brass band and a number of young women playing tamborines. The music (?) of the band sounded like the beat ing of fire shovels and brooms used by chimney sweeps. After marching some distance they borrowed a donkey from a resident, and the "captain" mounted this donkey. Some of the bystanders questioned which was the biggest ass of the two. Of course the donkey would not go, and do you think they wolloped him ?—they did. After a time the " captain" turned right about face, setting with his face to the donkey'i tail. The auimxl not being usnd to a "cap tain" upon his back (its usual occupation being to drag wood about) began to show its heels. It was then suggested that if the donkey would not carry the man the meu had better carry the donkey. So four ablebodied soldiers and a number of boys made him move on. The noise and excitement by this time was something dreadful. The riding of this donkey was to be typical Christ entering into Jerusalem, and at one time I was informed that one person in the ring had two horns upon his head, and dressed in a maimer to represent Satan, but I did not myself see his Satanic majesty the ring. Arriving at a vacant piece ground the sisters put their tambourines upon the ground, and the spectators were desired to pitch their gold into them. The audience were then treated to a " Hallelujah Gallop." The men danced by two and the women danced by two, until both were quite overcome when the scene ended in confusion. Of course the usual testimonies were given, sometimes in chaste language some of the soldiers appearing jealous another soldier made himself out to be worse character than himself. At one time time a jig took place, at another it seemed like waltzing, aud altogether the running about aud dancing was simply disgraceful, being beyond description. The "corroberree" announced in the bill as a wind up was frightful, and the so-called music awful. One of the soldiers said the audience need not go to a circus to get entertaiued, they could entertain them better than a circus, and so they did. A tea meeting was held in the barracks in the evening. Our town has never witnessed such a disgraceful scene, and many who have assisted the army have expressed their determination not to foster such scenes as what has taken place. How parents can allow their children, especially young women, to attend such gathering I am at a loss to understand, and how respectable men and woman can take part is a mystery. I have never been inside the barracks, but if what takes place outside is an index of what transpires inside save me from belonging to the Salvation Army." 