OUR LONDON LETT SR. . frBOM ODB own CORRESPONDENT.! LONDON. 18th Jolt. Wfl ar« now in the midst of s veritable political crisis. Lord Salisbury bas " got bis | back np," and for once tbo peers have " fooled him to the top of his beut" by supporting him in his not surrender policy. Last night, by a majority of fifty, the Lords decided not lo go MiMA VU IUO VUVO \lk il OU, UU« Mi ewuu the hazard of their ventarona cast. Lord Wemyea, with his long House ot Commons ex perience, in vain tried to inveigle them into Wiser courses. Th. funereal oratory, of Lord Shaftesbury was alio - invoked without avail, though, as usual, he wound np bis harangue with an appeal to his conscience and his Christianity. The Lords have thrown down the gauntlet to Mr. Gladstone,' who person- aUy would be inclined to punish - them pretty Severely for their temerity. That great statesman is, however, bound down. by long private friendships and by. the - fact that ho. has . as colleagues too many peers) apparent, pre-, sumptive «md expectant, to -permit of Lis deal ing with the opposition of the Lords iu a really drastic way.' v 'Though' there 'is' much real Liberalism in the country, it is very ill repre- ' sented in the Cabinet, so that the Australian, surveying the English political - scene with the " eye impartial " of the casual critic, is bound to confess that one difference between the official Liberal and the official Conservative is little more than that between the -oft-qnbted aod time-honored tweedledum and tweedtedee. In fact, this - state of affairs forms tho very raiAMi d'ltre of the Franchise Bill, which, if anything will do it, shonld at least permeate Parliament and the Cabinet with the progres sive instincts which are at present pretty well monopolised by what Conservatives politely call the mob. It is possible, however, that popular enthusiasm may carry even a Cabinet which includes Lord Hartington beyond its wonted depths. The ball having once been set rolling .may be Strang enough . not-only to shake the House of- Lords, "but to shatter the iMTtia of a reluctsnt Cabinet. Lord Salis bury is snapping hia fingers in advance at tire organised 'demonstrations .of ,the democratic . party, but .it is doubtful whether his philosophy - will be imitated by the docllo following which will go any lengths with him except in defiance oi undoubted popular de mands. That the people are in earnest Will soon be realised. As Mr. Howell said to a friend of mine the other day, tha difficulty is to keep them back. Class hatreds are terribly Btrong in this country, however veiled by custom end convention. . The fiannting pageantry of wealth acts, in London especially, as a perpetual incitement to the irritation of the poor, and the House of Lords has only, as it hat done in the present instance, to throw down the gauntlet to the people to have it taken up with a fervor which will surprise those whose smug philosophy Ignores the dis- ooateut which is festering under the seemingly smooth surface of the l-. dy politic, Mr. Glad stone has been accused of fomenting agitation amongst .the masses against the Honso of Lords, bat before the crisis is over he will be recognised as a restraining power, enrbing the violence of the popular tumult. The Tories have certainly played most completely into the hands of the Cabinet. By graco of Lord Salis bury the ghost of Gordon and the Egyptian question has been laid, and Mr. Gladstone now stands forth before the constituencies, not as the deserter of an English envoy or the mnddler of onr foreign relations, but as the champion of popular rights against an effete nd exclusive clique. . Lord Soliabury-is trying to .force on a dissolution ; and, thani.s to |iis tactics, his adversary will be able to do so onder conditions which not even thff most san guine Liberal could have anticipated a few Wevitsago. - Mr. G. C. Ievey is meditating further flights in the exhibition' field. He has, I leu.-u, tented the discarded Alexandra Palace for the purpose, of an- exhibition next j-ar, with tho option of purchase in case of the venture proving' a success. This is really leviathan' business, and it is to be hoped-that better luck may attend the enterprise than has fallen to the lot of former spenulators at the Alexandra. Now' that Mr. Rignuld bas closed his ill fated Bolborn Theatre, he hu9 rigorously applied himself to the task of engaging performers and purchasing plays for Australia. Mr. Ilignold has undoubtedly shown promptitude and judg ment in this business, and the antipodean play goer is to be congratulated on the results. After secaring Called Back, it occurred to tbe managerial mind that success was not to be won unless a good London "leading lady " Were engaged to enact tbe trying part of Pauliue Marsh iu Mr. Hugh Conway's highly sensational story. Wisely, Mr. ltignold de cided to engage Miss Kate Bishop, one of the best actresses, and one of the most worthy and respected ladies on the English stage. Miss Kate Bishop is not perhaps so "strong" an actress — to use the technical ex- piession — as Miss Amy Boselle, with whom she was for so mar.y years associa ted iu the phenomenal success of Our Boys at the V auderille Theatre a few years ago. But she is a lady of the highest talent, and of the greatest stage experience; she is compara tively young, and has for many years preferred to be a dutiful daughter rather than become herself the head of a honsehold. One may be Well assured tbat in snch a place as Londou, Miss Bishop's state of " single blessedness " h<vs not been from necessity but choice. Mr. Bignold, I hear, contemplates producing Adam Bede, which was a veritable artistic, though by no means a financial success in London. If so, Miss" . Kate Bishop will appear as . Hetty ' "Sorrell. It in of course hardly the r&Ie; the lady herself'1 would choose, as she is physically too mature for the hapless village maiden, , whose sad story has caused many a tear to fall. Eat Mr, Riguold has learned by bis late experience never to entrust a trying "part" to an un practised artistt, whatever her natural gifts may be. Miss Jordan, who played Hetty Sorrell in Loodon, looked" the character to the very life, and acted with rare ability for a novice. - But she was only a novice, and there fore failed just where ehe shonld have suc ceeded, and where an experienced actreeo Would have won a triumph, in that most try ing, but most powerful and effective, scene with the child. If Miss Elate Bishop plays Hetty to Mr. Rignold's Adam Bede, I predict a great success for Mr, Howel Poole's dramati sation of George Eliot's immortal story. I accompanied Mr. Bignold and some other gentlemen interested in the colonial stage to the Prince's Theatre the other night, specially to see Called Back,, and to judge if possible how it would suit yoar audiences, which are admittedly more critical' than those of Lon don. It is nndoubtedly a fine performance, but Mr. Kignold. should play the hero quite, as effectively as Mr. Kyrle Bellew does, while - Miss Kate Bishop's Piuline ought to be quite equal, if not dcidedly superior, to Mrs. Liogard'e. At tha same time every praise is doe to both Mrs. Lingard and Mr. Belltw, who play with rare intelligence in this stiance drama. Whether yon will have such effective representatives of the two Italian phnratvfni /Tip Pxina? Xfonaatl ne asm Vfe» Anson and Mr. Bearbohm Tree I gravely dooht. These actors really have made Called Back the success it has been, and the charac ters they ao admirably portray ought to fur nish some of your 'colonial acton with the opportunity to distinguish themselves for which' they so Io'adly'ety oat. Yesterday Mr. Bignold purchased .the Aus tralian "rights" of Con fusion, the most success ful farcical comedy of the day, and which is -now in its 400th- night at the VaaderSle Theatre.. I am really glad 1m bas.'gqnji oat nf- tbe beateEp'traclT and seenrada dight " piace,' fcr the Australian people, like all aeusiblS to'k, like to be made to laogh si well aa to my, and perhaps, ate all. the theatrefal> file its highest function if it causes the world- worn man or woman to forget for a brief while the painfnl pathos of daily life. Bendi's Confosion will probably give yonr playgoers the chance of seeing Mies Kato Bishop in comedy, and here she is truly admirable. Mr. George Darrell hie taken up hie tem porary abode in what the American gentle man called " the chief European village," where he will probably be heard of 'shortly at . the Grand Theatre. Mr. Darrell is looking well, and is, as neoal, sanguine of success, especially if ho can arrange for the prbdoction of hie colonial drama, Tbe Sonny South. Matintti are, in the celebrated phrase of Faletaff, as "plenty as blackberries" in Lon don, and not one in ten merits any special notioa. Bnt Mr. Charles Kelly's matinee on Wednesday last at the Prinoeas's Theatre was quite a special event in the theatrical world, for Mr. Kelly is .a. personage, if only aa the hnsband.of the theatrical idolofthe day, Miss Ellen Terry, at whgse shrine, however, he -does not, like the rest Of the World, any 'longer wor-> ihip. Perhaps, like those pagan prieats of ancient Borne, daily familiarity with the divinity ' has' brought to his mind only indifference or dislike. However this may be, Mr; and' Mrs, Charles Kelly lead a divided life, and it is hardly neoesaory to tell even those who live at the other ride of the globe that while the lady is bespattered with eulogy, and her praisee daily chanted, her hus band mast be numbered among that dreary, but aloe ! almost endless,: list who make up life's failures. Mr. Charles Kelly — who, notwithstanding bis assumed Hibernian stage name, is an English gentleman of a good north country family — was originally an officer in the Dragoon Gourds. He joined tfie theatrical profession, %nd fell madly in love with Mise Terry, who vu the dirorcee of Mr,- G. F., Watts, BJL The Terrys are the most remarkable theatrical family of the time, and so far as the two elder sisters ore concerned — Mrs. Lewis, once Miss Kate Terry, and Mrs. Charles Kelly, who will never be known but as Mies Ellen Terry — perhaps also ' the moat gifted. At the Court Theatre, . where Mr. and Mis. Kelly were acting, both before and ' after marriage, they appeared to all the' world as a' happy and brilliant couple. Then followed a provincial tonr, and then suddenly Mrs. Kelly left her husband and went to the Lyceum Theatre. The story goes that there was no cause of qnatrel whatever, only that the fascinating actress saw in the Lyceum engagement the chance of world-wide renown. " I am not," this wonder ful woman is recorded to have said in de fending herulf against a great literary man, who was maintaining that a wife's duty was to her hns'nud . and her children, " I .am not to bo judged by the - ot'ricr.l stan- dards of the bourgeoisie. I am not defi cient in natural affection, bnt my highest love — my hourly thought — is given to my profession and my art." This long disserta tion on Miss Ellen Terry most be forgiven, for it ia dil'ii tili to leave so enticing a theme ; hut our ptm-ot concern is with her less illustrious husband's nuiiiiiee. For long Mr. Kelly has not been before tbe London pnbllc, so that his friends perhaps de cided well in organising this matinee for liim. It at least gave him an opportunity of showing from one act of Tom Taylor's play, Ark- Wright's Wife, what a painstaking and eelf- poesessed actor he really is. There was a great and various display- of "talent" at this matinee. No fewer thau three leading low comoh'r-ns op- p eared in an act of The Midsnmn er Night's Dream — Lionel Brough, Edward Brighton and G. W. Anson, It will not be itvceseary to tell your theatrical readers how terribly they "clowned," and how difficult they made it for Mr.' Mocklin and Miss Harriet Jay to preserve . their dignity as the leaders of the famed' Athenian Miss Jay, who i3, by tho way, sot , only the sister-in-law of Mr. ' Robert Buchanan,, but a novelist herself, is. a most accomplished . actress, with a distinguished presence, and ehe should be highly lauded for her acting as Lamnel in the trying Bcene where the gipsy lad confesses his crimo in the old fashioned melodrama of The Flowers . of the Forest, which was also ' given at this varied matinee performance. Mils Lingard recited a string of verses of strong domestic interest, entitled Santa Clans, admirably, and Mr. Beerbohm Tree attempted Bret Hnrte's fine poem. Jim. In addition to all this we had a oomic song from Mr. Arthur Hoberte — the prince of music hall performers'; sentimental ballads by Messrs. Pyatt.Walsham and -your old Melbourne favorite, Henry Hallatn ; while those accomplLhed enr tainers, Mr. Chorle3 Duval and Mr. Frcl. Maceabe, each in his way did his best to amnse the audience. I should add that in Ark- wright'e Wife Mr. Kelly was assisted by that most accomplished of soubrette actresses, Miss Cicely Richards. Altogether the "Kelly" matinee was a great success ; but it may safely be asserted that Miss Ellen Terry, who was not present, need not in any way begrudge hiin this brier ray of welcome sunshine — is she cot always in the enjoyment of Fortune's brightest favors ? 