';OURJSTORI;YTgELLER' m ;r .ilHl ,:-l,1/.1 TA ,i UN n.'JDERn 1? C LCIOrtD, .:[,, TIHE M"IDNIGHT, MJJURDER.., (PFni the irsley and Re an rshire Goaetle, 00) ; :.. CHAPTER XXXIII .,. .LCVEIr R1LIVEZL FIN.DS VOICE-A TRIA L LER GOES AX-A TRAVELLER CO18.r mairns, bairns 1 what for are ye no gann taeyer beds!' exclaimed Grizzey reprovingly: 'There'-will `be nae' wol o"this inthe nornin'. As I amaleesin'woman, it's gaen tae twa o'clock, and tlhat's an' hor' when candle'lichit is never seen in' thin boose. :If my'peiorbrither hadl ben himseld' he wad hasobeen up tae see'what was the maitter; but; alack !lthere's naething tak's his atten tibn no. -"Weel, weel,; Martinmas is comin', and then we'll hoe to'quit' the bonny' braes' o' Westerside?.''': : . Don't make yourself too certain of that, dear Gizzey,'.cried the exultant Lem. 'I am in a prophetic: vein to night,' and' will ventoire to say that yon may yet seo many happy Martinmasses in Westarside.' : Eh, laddie, I wnd gie' something tae hae some assurance o' that.: But the' new .laird has "come 'to .Elmelie, and there is one appliearancd that his miind is likelyto change. 'Vaes me, it haschoanged mncklie sin' le left Conniston; Losh sake, there's the candle oot, and we'mann either lieht anither or gang to bed ii the dark.' - ' Which is a feat not difficult to accom plis ,'laughed Lem, at they groped their way'oot. Somehow the hand of Lem and Lily'tmet in the darknes, and their spoken good night was a~eompaniedahy ah fond pressure whielh'iet them both through tihe gate of slumber into the land of delightful dreams. Yet, ere Lilly laid'her'head on thei pillow;o -he:had, buried her face in Gric'ey'e bosom, and told; I through un seen blushes, the happiness that had cometo *:'Iy: pet I guessed as' muckle,' said Grizzey, 'andI am sure my atisfaction :is Freat. "Lemrand'you y were just 'made for ik- ithei:: 6nd' may -Godl's' id - blessing fa' i'·yer 'young heids,: and 'keep y'e free sie' sorrow as Gavin' and me has had to th le.' - :.: . ,. - . Which of us shall not say amen to Grizzey's fervent prayer? 'Howtsndden, how unexpected; how un-. designed had it all been. When Lem entered the' farm-house that night he had no more intention of speaking of his lore to Lilly than he had of flying to the moon. It came upon him to do so as the impulse of a moment, but, unlike many impulses which are yielded to, it gave no after cause for regret. He wao glad Ibeyond all expression that circumstances had led to the avowal, for' now-' they were formally ' plighted to each'othert aod'this wounl he a sustaining thought for both: when parted from each other; as they must bhe for sonie time. 'On the morrow-Lem wan to depart to prosecute his'strange and 'difficult work ; and he could now carry with him the'sweet assurance that;'whatever the issue might be, Lilly had' promised to be his. This was a knowledge wlielh gave strength and' courage for the terrille task which had developed upon him -a taLsk soecomplieatel in its featnir.s, 'so fnal of'confieting elem'ent .so -fraught with mighty issues of ennishment and redress. It was well'for both of them that their love, hitherto hid under a' bushel, should be set openly, that its radiant beams might light their troubled path. whereioever that"path might lead them. " ' i - " ULm had no great difficulty in palming his mild: deception 'on Gavin :Liddle, ';who assented t his immediate' departre without meh ineonvrenient' o "tionii ,'' i" "' Veel; eel,' lad, 'he observed when the youth had told him alln that he deemed' it prodent totell. 'I ayeenntmdl that Elspeth bad it in her power to say wha ye belanged tae. and she premised tae dae se when the riceht time cam'. It is natural that ye should feel muckle interest in the: matter, and I hope when ye comeback that ye'll' bring gule news concrnfing yersel'.' - ;And eoncerning you too, dear friend,' thought Lem, but not a word of this hope did lie breathe in avin' ear; As hle looked at the bent and weakened form, the weary face, and listless motion of the once stalwart fanner, he was fortifieol in his resolution not to break the astoundling news to him till the train'was fully ladl for the' discomfiture of Rodlney Garvald. - Tlie'village of Blackford wd s not situated on either of the two Eiglirays leading from London to Edinburgh, but it lay at about an eqnal distance between them, and th'e read which connected it with them was important enough to have a coach running pn it twin e a week. ' On every Tuesday and Saturday afternoon this coach' reached llackford for the south, and, after chaonging horses atthe Spread Eagle, went on its way towards the north. " It was' by this' coach that Lim'n meant to go, and as it was due at thie village that very afternoon hlie had little time for making preparations for the jour ney. Fortunately the farming operations were to far advanced that he could leave the management of matters in the hands of Jock with an'easy mind; and he hoped-to be rack ere the next stage of the season's work was fairly upn-them. -He- hoped so; but coudl sot disgnisesfrom himself the possi bility that it might' not be so, or that his retuns mighit be accompanied by events which should render it impossible for him again to do farming work in the fields of Westerside. The air he breathed seemed full of impendingchange ;the very current of his life seenied altering into a different clan'i l : it prismed op his spirit that han hour of 'mighty revelations' wan draing nigh ; and the thought 'that he' alone .o those around knew what was cominge gave him snch a feeling of isolation a, o e had nerer felt befodre. In spite of his'Issumed smile and hopeful woels,' his friedds at vestmrside' felt sad and mtelanholly when' he bade them good.: bye. .It was a; dreary thing to se him go without knowing where he was going or hbw Ion' 'his. journey would continue. They 'enld 'only recall their-'ebnfideic' ii his well-tried atability-of nature;' and, rest; ing on that,, would wait ao patiently ao they cohldt for the l?e ssuc . , . - So he went aiay, and the farm-hoooseof Westorside was 'desolato without him. As Grizcy.eeat "in tlie iparloir plying- her knitting' needles; there rnsoed on her -mind the remenbranc of , the harveost- daymany years. ago, when, an she sat in that same chair, Gavin entered leading Lem in his haild-at little' boy; braised aold bleeding, civrei'd:' ith dirt and rags.. The scene tcame no ividly-before her that she had bet to close her eyes ,when she ;beheld it again. V,.".1 t wonderfnl and dttrc:iing tlhings had lIppeled ?botweie then nod now - wh?lt a bmesing'lKlh that'little iaif prorme to them .ll' 'hbw empliatieally: hh o he'-epaid 'them a'thousandfold for the loving- adoption be haid roeived at'thelrchamla e So the picture od-g and oa ;on her. refletingvieagetill all tile 'events 'f the interveuing -years st-ile 'upon 'her,'and no hour after Lilly found her in the soindest of slumbers, from -which ehe would not wake her, reniembering huw Iterncnstomed rt had., been broken on thlm preiriouo nighLt . " . ' "" It; wair aboat the middle of the id'ternoon "whl6:nthe e;imeh came' rattling, inte' the :nlarbet-plaeca;f Bhlaekfonl ind ,lrekw-p -at 'the doorofthe Spread Eagle .-This was not one of ist.prmnmpal halting placs,.it stopped \- bthre hat - to ebange lmrses - and rattle b'n"' ithout':dlay." Very seldom 'did 'a -paseiinger alight ora new pansenger-monht !-at BlackfordL hIt happened,' however,'that .ona:thin,partieular ,afternoon the :oach: brougt oh e o panengerto the place and tookl TFairley,'·whn 'teok'a·eat in' the coach jnst vacated by an-old' mnian, who "intim ted in' his hearing thaatj) did noti intend to go any further. "Leai pld no'atteution to theI raveller who had -thus lighted ,at the Sgp d fglen.'rHd:imely niioticed' that he wa?':s' stranger; ian 'old man very' plaiily dressed, who had a peculiar way of eularg ing and contracting his eye, for when he firt'caughtt eight' of him his vin?al'organs were wnide'open and'more than'average nice, wherea whei he met him face to face in the 'passage of the inn they contracted in a most singular -manner till they became' nearly Sinvisible:: 'It 'weosa ircumstance which remained' in the'yooth's mind only for the passing moment. By, the''time he" had seated himself,- and the, coach got into motion, the recollection of the old man was gone.' Little. did he know, the, connection that, old man .had.with lhimself ,and the object sf.the journey on which he.was'then startingor .the important inftiencis he iids fated to ciericse in his'destiny?; ? -, 7 ' Thin-, tiiveller. 'whm n the; coach had bronght.t6 Blickfoid, and who oh his alrival aisde iis :ay rather huriedlly into the'inii, was Tii Ragg?--lositvely. Tim Rtago, who had not been out of London for thirty years, ani'd nier iv'- Scotlind till' that day. We may, concliide that Tiam had'a 'e~ry troig motive to inidsce him to qiit the precidcts of.'Topper's'Court and the sdperintenideiee of his ranmified and lucti?e. busliness there.. Td b suhre it was a sncucoof the year, when bdsini?sat .Tnrpper's Court was slack, and Tim cbuld afford to take a few weeks in the country iwithout the danger. of : suffring greatssv'orldly,'lossc. Still,.st was ? cirism- stance oinprecedentedl in is 'history for at least the last thirty' yeas,. and 'geat 'wi?s tihe wonder of tihe ocncasional fsiquenters of his place of business when told by Gip wlio was' left in -charge, :that Mr. Raggs 'was away to the country.: At first they' would scarcely believe it; ' then, when the ext-a ordinary fact seemed past donbt, they plied' Gip with questions as towhe:?n he was orse, what he was gone for, how long. he was coing to sta., &c.; all of snis.h ess.eticas Gip parried with much skill 'and dcterily. and, without making itapp.er as if th re was any mystery in the matter, aocced,:d in withholding every ecrap of information on the subject. Not that Gip knew much' himself about - Timan' destination and b-uines, but he knew more than any other lbodly, and had' received atrict orders not to gire a positive reply to a single question put' to him on the:nubject-' Tim knewl the am portance of preserving a mystoryoeabout himel at all times, hut on this occasion it was pecially necassry'that not the faintest may of light should he let in oe his present proceedings 'or the objlject he .was pre?scut i'hsile conjecturce'was' thins'rife but vailn, and curiosity lively yet baffled, at Tipper's siurt, Tim Raggs was oft on a jdiurney''of disconey *with an eye' to tise' main' chance, for, 'if soorse, Tim 'iored noswhreo and did eotthing without having this osject' in vier.m He as noot the man to expend money' it' travel., slemsahe ie had gooda prospect of' suchl invesGtmet yielding lsm a profitable return. The idea of Tim takingis mere holiday tour was the most preposterous that cosl he conceived.; ahd as tlhed kindsof bhsinrses which' he' presned aw'" trietly, confined to London; it became' all'thl 'more a matter of ocder w itl -those whlb 'knew him what could?-have taken him into the country. We need. make. no secret of it witlh.our radlers.' Ife' Lad n to hunt up Roticyme Garvald and Abe Draper-lto.. find out precisely wlatit'gsme they were playing;, and.onie in for a slo e of the hstakes..t The loiger lie reflected oi;.the various reportse of their' procee'diogswhsicl 'ip had brought to. him thoe. more was ohe "convined.that they sdee sdoing, a transcendent stroke, of business. The last' tidings he had of them fIrmm.tl t source was ,to the effect that, the day.'after. Draper;, alias Langley, and tlhe planter frm' Jamaica hadleft the hotel in the., StraMn1,. Draper: returned alone to Lsodon, and went straight to Gnlrvald's lodging.e. There hbelremained for sme time, then Jemima, the maid of alt worki was sent for a cab, intimatinato. fp, whom she meot on' the way quite pronmishcuosly,' that 'Mr..-Brook was leifvrahia lodgings for gbod': Wch'e th 'cab, eame,eIr. Brook's slender stock' of. louage ,as.:lbrought out, and put' into it, and immediately after out came Garraldand .Draper, who entered the cab and drove away.. .. , . ,. : . .. Gip nthought he must f now lose sight of then, but, to, hin surprise, the cab was drien'very slowin, and he was aile to keep upvith it..The windocHn he noticed, were carefully closed, so that he could, not peep inside,' but he'kept as dose, to'the :vehicle as he dared, and when it stopped at thise door of the hotel in.the Strand, lie was safely ensonced behind one of .the pillows of the portico, ready to see the pair oemerge.. First cane Draper, then there followed h im a figure which came swiftly up the steps,'and disappeared in the hotel ere anyone could sece ilt butGip. This young gentleman did see it, however, quite plainly, and his eyes, opeiingto tlieirs widest, stared as if they wouildhae.leanpt front their place. It.was no small matter that could move the omind of fip from its equilibriunm of native assurance; litrt eight of thoe man who emerged: front the cab and bounded' past' him ire displayed as much astonishment and consternation as if he had een but a simnple village boy.a Fn son e?o mments ire com pletely ' lost his nob,' as Ih ttnned' it 'at subsequent recital. 'And the reason was this-no one butGarvald and Draperi had. got into the cab, yet outhof it, cone ':the tother un'-the Janica' polater, who had left London it companyrwith Draper, and had not returned so far as lihe 'knew. Yes, there was the I planter,o but . where was Garvald? 'He had vanilshed, and 'the tother un'.had come in his place-a- cirocm stance this so singular as to' iake even a preternaturally : shrewd London' Arab 'Gip, howerer, eas not nonpulsed.forilong: With his usual clear adcteness he caught at the 'truth, and peroeiviys- that it'was not 'the tother-on' but Rodney Garvald dresed in his clothes, aid'" got ip'" as 'his "very counterpart; wliich: change"'of ggery mast have been effected in the cab:"' S'IWell,'if that aint'a rum'go,' " continued Gip, with an air oftrinmph, when hel had solved the mystery) The likehess 'itweeh' Gar ald and.thoe'planter was"so ?extra ordinary' that' appearing.. now''jn George Vilton's ' dress,': not'' one-'person in " ton thousand' of ý'oial', on.eieorn'but',old' have shen'deieived iutb:tlie' belief that Gfirf veld: eas 'aVilton hiriiself-a"fiOt"of'whiih' no one in 'thie hotel -hai :a niotienais drslobt; and Gip soon learie` thiat'he'?ras addresed' byq and'. 'answered'to'Ithe' naii" of' Genei Wilton, bboth by Draper~aiid'the. landlbod and-w.iteri 1.,:':..- ? t.r ,.- i :: ,.,.,I , "Here' wa"frehm'and wboderful" icisiin"fio Timo Ragg. - Sharp'as'ip?wsah'e did not understand the meaniig' of the traisfo-ma tion le' described, but'Tim'?:ore mature mind grnped its import in a'fislifent: .. ' `It's ' eaae 1of 'pcrsonatioen"' h: said 'to himself:' ' They're 'imadb arway' ivith'tlid planter from Jamaiea,'and Rbdnce Gfarrald is fitling his shoes.L Ala;. that: mesns "bme big game'; it will afforda'agoid'ilci' tam'he when I ferret it all but.' ? ' "? Of couroe?":Oip' "wau 'k'ept ''constaitllio'oi duty; andareported thmt' the tiw"plottera were staying at the'hotel .under?tie 'inames of miltosi and Langley. ,''This"wht' on~'for sdnererla eels. Thent lseyl'sisitteddLonidof, and all that Gip could ?learn was that they. had gone iorth,;-" ,'"' '- "' : ,: ' Tim Raggs thought it sas nod'tinih: 'that he clme personally on the sedite ife'ciped acquaintance with no'of thlie:hotel' waiterd? and picked up from iose all ;the ihformati,,n he'omuld givse"oon.eroing'the ioi s iodiit George Wilton'. Froi ithlowaiterihelcoraed that the litter had "'come fron'Jamniles to inlierit 'an' estote"on Scotland,"' tht' Mr, Langley was hioi 'manager"'" andiitbat they lad gont diorn to take poeioieidufiTh.el herlebuts 'of' thinr' estate "wsa'it??.gline inpoirtant isattet- foi Tim,' bat oi'thissoid the saiter could hot'enlfghtismhiiii":'" €.tl' ie "ouls aay'was'tliat'the lg?iesse'aiient'aft them, tinso -the' addieoaa'--,ais ittonti'';~ That .as enough for Tinim -'zifh~d ' mow ihformation suficient to enable him to shape a bd 'conise. 'Ha'ing got'to know that Black ford'was a village'not 'far over the border, lie made his prepationl d a t off on that -Journey of disovery: which:'we have men: tinned... To assist him' in better. under standing'matters,'as well as to lessen the I tedium ' of 'stage-coach travelling,' Tim I managed to secure a Berwlck Warder con- f taining the report of the trial of Gavin Liddle, being impressed with the belief that a this affair had a close cboneetion 'with Gar-t raid and his novements.: So'in his 'corer I of the coach he studied every part of:the trial very attentively, and found' that there I was such information , about .:Elmslie as' satisfied' him that he was on'theright 1 scent. ' In due timie he arrived at Blaekford as we I have described, and took!up his quarters at I the Sprcad Eaglo, At least.it seemed as if he meant o aa" there for- time, for on I entering theiiparor he uniimon'ed the lrand- I lord and asked' if h could hiat'ea :private ¶ room-where dinner could be served ,to him. I Mine'host 'ery'rcidily"r 'reponded with' the asurance'that his gnest's'reqniremeni t could be:met,4whereupon' Mr.' Raggs=though, 'by I the way, he have his! name 'asoMr. Smith-- ( as installed in a nice, cheerful sitting-room w ustrii j'twhich'com aided a wide vicw of to say; in an hour arnd adialf-a''id eiy - stantial dinner was setbeford him. , i - i, ! You ee this was not marketdayatBlack fo~li a'd 'on nio'ithe?' daj of the week were 1 th'''"'oii--es of 'the' esablish?eint'coalled I into' operation' for th prep?iration of dinnei.' llail thisli been the dayfoldlowing, Tim would I not haveto wait an hour and a half fdr his I meal - ut, inas?uch as', the mnaterials of I which' it' rs c~topCdd hail 'n't hfily, to ,h1 cooked hot' collected fromni everal-"villa] shops,- the-:period, of: delay isi sufficiently accoun.ad for...'. ,;: . i cIt c'aisd a sore strain, .though.; on the patienc'i of' Tim 'RiBcgs;'"whosc' 'Eglish atomac::'had been made' raverioisly hingry by the strong air of'the niorth, and when at last it wra brought in he. set too with, a igor n hideh was hardly to have been looked for in a inan of his age anid size.' When he had done he requested the landlord's coin' paoy.:tou.paas/away,,an.hourgr so of,the "The andlord,' who°uopd6sed thi?'toh < nothing more than' the?rational 'desire"ofa' stranger. at 'a loss, for society, readily' complied, , and, preenrtly he and ;Tim we:re seated romiortahlly1 together over a bottle of thehbeit ioe' which' the rather limited cellar of tihe Spread :Eagllcoeild furdish-them with...:? .: ": TIM RAuOS AT TiE SREcAiD EALE' HE TAh 5 ' :t iEmvcs rAL mii siiciI ?hnict 91-I ITO kWEY t WRIL.KI"?, -IEtRCS ,0 = ?, 'Tim;Raggaswas too good a diplomatist to pluiego at once in ,am direct- way.. into thei tlheie'of'iao'v-ereatlio for 'which "alone, he had'i'?questidc'thd'oiiopa'?y of mine host of the Sproead Eaglel: 'rH wanted it'to rappar that he was a stranger needing some amuse ment to pa4 the evening, and that not ithe slightest persoiial curiosity, promoted him tdo reeiv- what lolol information the laud lord'could afford:' ,'rAenidinglyj'fd the fiit' ten minptes or so thei talk was far enough away from the subject which the guestaimel at. but Tim watcnhel his opportunity, and got it:introa?ned quite naturally. 'It acimse out of mention ;beinog' made of 'the various induastrIes amlsourcea of employment in the district:' .'.Ariclti're' and sheep farmiag fornel;'of coaoie; the' iprineil purnits 'or the populationoiand; according to-the' liBt's repreasetation,, promised' to be the'mot permanent,. . ' " 'Great things, he shoir'rd, 'were ex petid : f?e": the' r?penin" "' Greytoine Quary', hut gaidsooth; 'the:qarasry hinsn' turned oot woel ava. i'There was a contractor fr?e Dinse took asleoe;o't last year, but. he has ien p i'workin' it alreldy.o , i . 'hAh indeed, the stone has 'run out, has it.' remarked Tim, in quitean indifferent tone, ;i " 0. '.I6, no; that's' no the reason. But it' proved to bc' far softer tlihn: wan believed, and the price 'he' got "'wadna p'ay the quarriers.; Mair than that, it wasna every ann ethat;.vas, told I enough - to, work at the" place, for word .gangs that it is h auih ted. . .. ' Haunted ! Pooli ! whit's to haunt it!'" .'!t's sid to be the ghost :o'" :man- that' was murdered thern in thie, spring o'i :last year. He was a play-actor named Harve). Rothernam: His company was playin' in my blig rooni'on tho'nichit'o"lBlaekford fair, and that nicht.'he good amissin'. "'A'body thocht Ie had runawa'made a mune-lcht flittin';as we ea' it-but, some .weeks after, whenthoe quarry wn drained, they got his murdered Lolly in'it.' ' Eh ! rhat l seem to have erd 'some-: thing of that:befoie l':cried ,Tiniwith an apparent manifestation of sudden interest.: Very'likely ye he, sir. It made agrlat sensiation 'liere;' and ithe' trial spread. t 'a' owre the dduntry.':" !::: : ::: ..liat's it-the trin;l, I was tavelling'ii N3orthmoberland last autumn, and oneowet etening I was shut up in a country inn with no one to speak to. 'yThe'only thin Io coid, get to read wasa Berwick paper., wth along report of a':murder 'trial'ir,'Id got hquite interested in it, read it oveand over, having nothing else to. do, and remember; the particularst qulte'ditinctly: Bless ymy'soul, do' you mean to 'say the evernth' ocui?red her lY. f',i ,h' .'Adi, Sir, this a .the place. here it hap Of oa sis e cied im agettingt astrriated 'I re~iieemhed the' names now' quite well-Greystone Qe auafrry Blakfbrd' and this very ion ,--The SpLead agle-whre they brought the hody , ,, I ". l " pRiht, sir.-?qniite richt. Ye seem to be wie'l'iniiiint ii' the'fdcits.n""' :' ;' As. well' acquainted,:withI them 'ii :,h'ti report ofthe, trial could iihke' me,!'rrplied, the.eraftyr,,Tim,, and he certainly spoke. within'tl:e tiruth thisetime. ',I. remember I was ' puzzled" "ithth he'?idict'retn el: by th'jnry.n' It wafhoiproveii. ' '":"? ' ,'.That's an alteraative allivedby the law? '. Scotland. wheh .the. evidene duoes ,not ooviivoo. a. iury that a;prioneer' is either. giilty orinoe?nt. "'tButt naehobbdy heiriwa" ha' ony,"doihbt' that'Gaiin Liddle 'didthie lhV .thcre hadl .tod.hetyeen'?Liddld and replied the la1ndlord, n",Thii?y'wdi 'peifeit strangers nrto' ,ile.ither,-and Gavin 'Riddle was the.last man onybody wad hen !verred to sic a thing. . But the evidence. was san strong '-inst ihr that 'wve 'a' beli?'''it tais ?.:I k:nowt. ,;He left your inniwith'hid i te that night;'and:,when he ,wns 'apprehended the man's wateli iVas foe., i. on, of his draiuies.'"' than that;' .-',ilI;'. - ro:',,: ,N 'Why, the thing hail_act.,ugly look certainly ; i"'dcLiddle'nncxplanation of it wos aslaomen- as possiblen. .' hat, sort,'of a man woo this man! Harrey '.Rothorham:: . But perinis, you never. noticed him among the rest of the players.',, ',. r. : .,,: •'I noticed heimnmaist 'partiaoualy,t for.; he was their:. headactor,: and maie himsel' quite'free in the inn, -iHe was a big; stren[ mads man o', swarthy, compledion,'. wi'.laar blhck as a coatand con to mahi, Hse had n° whiskers, for his face was shaved a owre?"'and"'"wea 'g',j" 'ecore," hlotchld '.and vagabond bouLan'.' But' foi thin hle 'ad hab heen'a guid:looint' maiii; bht to'in m?-id in had the'look'o':im ill;ltevio o fellwht,'nac'r of the'pldy-a;'teri ateothey telInle ' ' ' ." 'Tint's :'thb&''ery' pietoi'i.of Iti'edehy Oareald;'"tlhonght' T .to" himself,' with' a hidden'th'rill b'f' cicf¢tioi';, nicd'tlhe? bhidy tL'?ro tintheoqoar"i'wa hodo'bre' tlbo t'otf tUP-U'es'lled. Harcey .ltothiri" te'an'ittvoo °What has become of Riddle nowr?' h:e asked aloud. He was a farmer hereabout, Is wasn't he ?' ' T ' Oh, he is in- the-farmatilL..But the new tl laird is puttin' him awa' at Martinmas, and t .haur he may gancgafteC'thi gdnes only kens. Had the acld laird beeto the- foreS he wad "ha'en1 "better'' lucik, for''Gavin t Liddle and - Maister Wilton were fast friends.'i,,tw ,:, . sw n ,it, ? ,roi r f,;.: b " ilton,' repeated Tim, sarenly- able to nppress"th'.'eit 'wehich th6 iittcdruce of t the naie 'eaused 'i Thdris' w : mention?of C that name at:'the:trial;.':It was?'aid he p could have given evidence in Liddle's favor, but he'ic6ldsot 'lie'fosd".' ""' . ' - I ' Rieht agaiirt'e 'Dod, hust'ye'mind the h thingiveel tae bu:bt.a stranger. " That n ehowsethe result o' reading ae , thing wi'i interest;:, Mr. Witon was the laird Elmehe Ye are b" hit o the hoose upp yonder?ainangathe trees:' He 'irent fre I hamee'oi the very nieht o'. the muirder,'and' naebody, keniel where::liowas~gone to. t There's ane dooet le culd huae i'cn some: fa'buieahlc .e-iddned at' the tril if theyg eouild hiia gbttenslheii, bit 'this' they were unable to'do,!ailuI for 'iae dinna think his q testimony wad haes dne much Itoe clear g Gavin; la, no; the facts, again' him, ,were oeiweestrceg 1ev th.at. ilTheii was' it long ere 'Mr. Wilton re= turnedi: homet. asked, ITim, his' eyes' nn wittingly::contracting iin an extraordinary -.Ala ck, he .never returned till lie was brmicht h?ni in a hearse: He was a inan that lived fo twienty years"undeir":a' hallus' cination., He lost iis: wife and infant e'son by, shipwreck,l . baut.nacthing' w?lt' con ince him tfit thell bairn was, drooned wi' its mithtr:' 'He 'tok'u the belief that' two tramps'a niiah ani a womn 'had got: the child on the bach alie and' carried it' aiva wl',them.' Forta pairt o'.,every year :tle laird waderedi aboot the cuntry in searche o' liis ason; foi:rc' 'see',the lairn eras'heir to' thleitiiis o' Couiiliton'and Elmsle,'and'lie wiakkess to find:hiinf.'i?l ":i," ' , ei 'Andl did he find him?' asked Tim breath leasly. Ioots, no. It was a mere delusion, and ane that cost him his life, pair man.,.'As I telled ye, he;loft Elmalie on the nicht o'. the murder on ane " ht'smisy 'earclmd, aidtlh eitx:thiiig'heard '."hiin was' "that he 'lhd dee'd it a place'in'Yorkshire ca'dlBoltham,, in a lodging-housn kept ithere by, one Mrs. Cearson?.,He eatched fever tlhat.was ragln' there, andtficre they 'ouidd send dodo the iorpestid' Enislie? hd'obffin had to be' filled' vi' quicklimne.'"r!r ' '"hich onftdoursemade ,the bedyy.nn. repognisable,when it arrived,! observed Tim, rather incadtioasly, for.the remark betrayed the eirking of his busy'brain. Minel host, however,igreatly to Tim'dielief, sair nthling partienlar ina the observation,'and r simply oeawered-y-:-/. ro...ati .ao..y, ine, :..:.:rl I.' Oh, sir, they. ne'er thoucht " openins the ofihn. 'It mlcht hd lct et othcinfection, y keri.a,'. "''''K"" ,, go ,. ,, w.: ;th SOh--yes--of nouse- cerrtainly it would And so - they: buried him, eoff-hand ,did th ey.? ,i. , -, ":, ' ,. t,:,' ' 'The veeery next day.' , "Aind in the faisily.swault, of ceonrse' ' Na; the family vault of the n'iltons ?is atiConniston a in',the, norths Th?t's:the family cstate. '"Elmalie .ios beoucn etsby r; glo 'oi it te'ehtysIoive as stne" awk he r'he cam"t hliivefor lie took dislike at Coaniston, Sa he wesn buried here." ': e SLA "ery:' romantic .story, -inded,',, ed . clanred Tim...' Ideclare it quite, interests me. Who has succeeded Mr-. Wilton in the twod etates? Nhot havingleft any family, I supose 'they have gone' to' some' of his relatives ~. ' . .His brither has, gotten them,', was the answer. 'And a queeCr sort o' customer he bsih to be:'? h. . .. .. r S.Hai yoii' seen him' aslie Tim ," agin betraying ineautious eagerneos, "' i r i ?No;' nor.,naebody,.else.i ; Hei cnm'toe Elmslie' some weeks syne, and a gentleman wi' him, "'eoied Las'Iley wh' actss his mianaglr." But'the laid kirepe' close'in the house himsel' I have heard tliat he walks In the dark at niclit whei , naebody can see him and even then heis muffled: up to' the eei..' Wedinlsaoen'dhii t to inkar? o' him ire.,re s e . .,J i ' Did hc:not'vilt' Elmoslie i hisc brother's lifetime," asked Tim, with aa.desperatd effort to speak calmly od to p reenthis eyes from going oit and inso violently as to awaken suspieion in the lan'dlord's minda l t i 'Oh,,'bles s3e, hs. 'He hiln ea ben in:' Scotland for abuoe thirty year:s, add for, the last fifteen or twenty yea he has been a planter in oJamaca.ca Darsay; 'sir ':ye ' alae getten;i aoir :ecn:thatyc sliet.-. Ithem,.ay often. . . . Ali-they are'ieak-- toider That's' iil =land =nd I darei it's a Ihabit I havh'got na times. : A planter-in'Jamacia, yo saoy- 'and he has been sent for to, come I and"take' mposesion.',,,,. , ,e ..: ig a ho: r. , H' H'eras. The factor at Conniston sent vhim ord of the death,'and in' twa'or tihri. 'months hd'arrived.' :Folk-'weon'der' that:he: hasn gane :.to Conaiidton, where ' lne w' broctt up, but hte appears to be an 'extra ordinarycharacter'a'thegitier.""' "" r: , 'Hum I there may be rdason for 'that,' said Tint tol hnsoelf, below, his breath;: He had reeoivel' p.ieeless inforhation, hut dit e.. not yet'complete, a inost'important'link' was wantng--a linkme necessary to clinCli'thl whole-and le niest grope for' it :with; all' ttis art . and cunning! of 'rhihlei,..waa, capable, 'Is tlin brother. tlie'only relationi of'th lite"Mr"iWiltob n ! lie asked,' i ar pe'efh't 'incurious tohe. as lie lifted, a glass, 'f:wine, and reviewed its color through the light ere carrying it to Iis lips. :. ' WVecl,'eir, as the family hal never hee resident liere, the'Blackf6rd 'folk dihliji ken' 'muekle :nabot them;'but I eard.frbm' Mr.! Hollison; the factor,, wha sleepit hereat tlie, time o' tihe funeral that tihere ,.is a'ne'er-do 'wel'. cousii--a i hbiii 'blackguard' o'.a Sfell'.lhat'ii'adhae'heirc 'the piipecrty if tht"e'Jai eai pliciter:hedna'?een'to the:fore.l Itseemaethat:'he ha::heen a'; his lifear perectvagabond, haid..was tliecause.nome, Iits or ithcr o' the' late liiil's dislike ti odntiossid i!iTle faoitor iddldiiica ci?n"'e tin cots ind ins o' the maitte€!;:bht;'I could sC " it,wbs sdmethingiawfu':bal.'l.r, it, "?dlr,, : Ah, 'I nujpese there's..,a blaekshlieep ,i every flock, remarliked TTi, ,sehtimenii tisly:. ;, Wlircl doe', thisa'ne'er'?-dorwcll Wilton spend his disreputable life ?'"'. , " .'The u nct etie v aiTwrdi his?nt i ei6 jh' ,in firm, .ht 'if rine,host could .have.dlivined the feelin"s of liis' gu?t"iihe he"'utit h'e would have reeen'eiieiis n ly. oto'ailed.' Tim's hand, which ; heldetliesglassalhook' so thathc'had-tolet'itdown.,-.,, =,: r-,,tin t "'"Ay";si'rlint ie" hlin outtin a 'tickler at lst,' asad'th'd landlord- l ii a angh' Fiet' o'la';:thdugh;, his name' icnal"lVlt?ne' hit" GOrvald-Rodney :.Ganxvald 'a, very acuet, name,1. and,tliat's,th reason 'I. mind it thonghTI lieaid'it'i' dn."'*: " ' "," '- loIaid "Gairlied?"iueried Tinm'Rag.g. very' :inhoceetly though' at the moment his nyes were-altogether out of sight, 1~ ' '':UT ?..No, eir,; odncy ,Garsld. His mother, eas'i a Vilton,-,I believeseboO I b doot0 lie maui' hasie 't'eis hi' father's anatuir:e' ceel ;:":¶,Veryi/likely-taiit' sifted happehna, 'd 'teldoeny GOarald, air" corrected snins host,' thougli. very" UnEeDosirily h~ad lid ki'own it' ' ' :::'': n:: , ", . .uOh. 'dear'lhow ;etupid I an at getting hold of. odd sounding names, cliheu I 'hear them 'for the first .time; ' el- is this HIdhiy Gore;ald bearing qusetly tinlowl 'of , ":,.There's nanhmly lies anytiin aboot liim: His esase tltat's dead and gnen l'olhm heard onflim fer.many a year, and 2a;stor'.MolU. son hal littleoddubt:that" Is it ead 'toe,' for sobad boys ia:him haedii alaeig lise?.s " '' ;'Longer.'than !most ?people5 think,'ii.aut! tered tEe1 exultant lTisn .below. his breath. He had now gained all that liwantel,,and he'wa rma'iiter of iias plendid a'nituation'as hise'ii'rlclnb, soul. hcoold: 'dire. i" Oh;'I 'daresay hinwilt. neverbe hear of' aasie, lie careleswly oeereced, lies evords hiaoing a ful lerimeanog'tlhan he intendedto, express, " ' Why, I decdisiv;' he aided,; gazeg 'throiig hesrin low it islwsarhristairrd ss set.' Thje aftce'ri lisi,.aopod.very, q ickly thenks i.to ydour eitertaining narratire. 41 thick,~I, shaltl,goout fora .walk~ noy.V Yo0nder is Elmsls House, I thinkyeo said. Shall I tken p fo trespass i I santer Oh ,n6 thinsue aiia Jst sa had as that; hut it's a guid twaomiles frae this.' 'I don't.mind ;that ; I like a long walk in the twilight... I, have a fancy,.to see this Greyston ,Query, 'where the. murder.took plac.. Shall I easily find it." . ... it's just amang:!the trees at the south end o' the plantin. Keep straight on the high road till r?-omn- eto aj yttildoin' in the narrow road that leads to it. But I.ould send the ostler to shois ye thd way,' ! 'Thank you, no; I like best to ramble on hly myself. Theplaces !iabelieved to be hanumted too.. ,Who knows but I may see the ghost'of Har'o?yRbthercam .' Ha, hal thifigs as wronderful haver coinmto pesO.' ' 'Duodr sir'if ye wiit lanr enough re may get'amsicht of the new laird' ?' " SSlhoulln't wonder a hit,'- laughed Tim,' quite faeetiousl? ?as he tored'off thd last glass of 'wine remaining id the :ttle sand iade hlis's?'a6"ut:into the srtreet: , ""'a .(Toh e continued.)...t A Eggs ar. eight cenitithis mrninag,'. said a country storekeeperto, a testy old ruesl gentleman.r, 'Well.. whalt. of it?:, the old man; snarlel. i' Egg;s hasae been ate since evserI caiiremember.'" Better to haves Idvlured a short girlr than sever to have'loved a tall..' . A mani hrinds uip his eldek to'makeit orun, and his bisizlea to makesitop a : Why is a hen immortal ' Because her son never sets. 