A Witness for tliQ Dcfcncc, IN THREE CHAPTERS. CHAPTEB II. When I got back to town, the sessions were only a week of; so the first thing I did was to call on the solicitor in charge of my mur der case, in order to learn from him how it stood, and to take it off his hands. The magistrate, of course, had sent the prisoner for trial. When I came to read the deposi tions, the case against him seemed perfectly simple, and as conclusive as circumstantial evidence could make it. The crime had not occurred so long ago but that a diligent search had unearthed several witnesses. The ser vant-girl, who had now become the wife of a dairyman in the immediate neighborhood, was found. She proved the bad conduct of young Harden, and the ill-will which gradually grew up between him and her former mistress. She also spoke to his ejectment from the house 011 the day of the murder, and to his threats at the street door. She swore to the knife, which had been in the possession of the police ever since, as having belonged to the prisoner. There were other witnesses to the same facts; and the landlord, my client, and several others, proved the flourishing of the identical knife and the ominous words in the public-house. To complete the chain, the man who had instructed me proved the find ing of the knife in the room where the mur der was committed; and two or three wit nesses remembered being by his side and seeing him stoop down and pick it up. These, with the final facts of his sudden disappear ance and changes of name, appeared both to me and to my friend to be capable of being spun into a rope quite strong enough to swing John Harden out of the world. " But," said my solicitor-friend," the queer est thing of ail is that no one is going to ap pear for the prisoner." " No one to appear for him ? " " No one. Young Elkin holds a watching brief on behalf of prisoner's master, and that iB all. He said Harden had been in Mr. Slo cum's—that's his master—service for over seven years, behaving extremely well all the time. He was invaluable to his old master, who is something of an invalid. He had turned religious, and was disgusted at his for mer wicked life." " But I suppose he has money—or, at any rate, if Slocum is so fond of him, why doesn't he pay for the defence? " " Why, it seems that his notion of religion forbids Harden to avail himself of worldly arts. Slocum is only too anxious to retain some one; but Harden won't|have it, and no one can persuade him. Says he is in the hands of a Higher Power, and it shall be given him what he shall speak, and all the reBt of it. He wanted to make a speech to the magis trate; but Slocum, by Elkin's advice, did manage to induce him to hold his tongue for the present, and say he would reserve his de fence. Of course they hope he will come to his senses before the trial. But I don't know how that will be. I never saw such an ob stinate pig. Only gave in to his master about not speaking because the poor man began to whimper in court 1" The main part of my work had been done for me, and it only remained to bespeak copies of the depositions, see the witnesses, and make sure that they intended to say at the Old Bailey substantially the same things as they had said at the police court—a most neces sary precaution, the imagination being so vivid in people of this class that they are very likely to amplify their tale if possible— and prepare the brief for the prosecuting coun sel. This done, I had but to let things take their course. When the day of the trial cam9, I was betimes in my place at the Central Criminal Court, having various other cases in hand there. The prisoners, as is customary, were first put up and arraigned—that is, had the substance of their several indictments read over to ihem—and were called on to plead " guilty " or " not guilty." These disposed of, the case for John Harden was called, and Hooked at him with some curiosity. No sooner had I done so than I knew that his was a face upon which at some time or other I had looked before, and of which I had taken note. It is a useful peculiarity of mine that I never forgot a face to which I have once paid any attention, and I can generally re collect the place and circumstances under which I last saw it. But here the latter part of my powers failed me. I knew the face well, but could not imagine when and where I had beheld it. I even knew that I had seen the man bare-headed, and that he was not then, as now, bald on the crown. The thing worried me not a little. In the meanwhile, John Harden was being pat up to take his trial for the murder of Agatha Harden. "I, m' lud, appear to prosecute in thiB case," said my counsel, starting up and down again like the blade of a knife. " Does nobody appear for the prisoner 1 " asked the judge. " I understand, m' lud, that the prisoner is not represented," said counsel, appearing and disappearing as before. " My lord," said an agitated voice from the body of the court, " I have used all possible efforts " " Si-lencs I" proclaimed the usher. " Who is that ? " inquired the judge, look ing over his spectacles. " My lord, I am this foolish fellow's master; and I am perfectly convinced " " I cannot hear you, sir. If the prisoner wishes to have counsel assigned to him for his defence, I will name a gentleman, and will take care that the prisoner shall have due opportunity for his instruction; and if you desire to give evidence on his behalf, you can do so.—Prisoner, is it your wish that counsel be assigned to you for your defence ? " Harden had been standing with his head slightly bent, and his clasped hands resting on the rail of the dock. He now looked up at the judge, and replied in a grave and impas sive voice: " My lord, I wish no help but the help of God. I am in His hands, and I am an innocent man. If He sees good to deliver me, He will do so. Who am I, that I should interfere with His work ? " "You appear to me," said the judge gently, " to be under an unfortunate delusion. You say rightly that you are in God's hands; but that should not hinder you from using such instruments for your deliverance as He offers you. Onoe more I will ask, do you now desire to be represented by counsel ? " " I do not, my lord." " So be it.—Now, Mr. Clincher." Eising once more, counsel for the prosecu tion proceeded to open his case. It was clear and straightforward, put concisely and tell ingly, and embraced the facts which the reader already knows. He then called his witnesses; and as each after each left the box, it was easy to see from the faces of the jury that things were likely to go hard with the prisoner. Always, in answer to the in quiry, "Do you wish to-put any questions to this witness?" Harden replied: "No, my lord. He has said the truth, for all I know." So smoothly did the truth run its course, that only one incident called for remark. This was when my client got into the box; and so indecently eager did he appear to be to pro cure the conviction of the prisoner, that he twice called down upon himself a severe re buke from the judge for persistently volun teering irrelevant statements to Harden's prejudice. And when counsel at length said, 4 That, m' lud, is my case,' and sat down, but little doubt remained as to the prisoner's fate. I still sat with my gaze fascinated by the set face in the dock, trying—trying to remember when and where I had last looked upon it. " Do you propose, prisoner, to call any wit nesses? " asked the judge. . " Only my master, my lord—Mr. Sloeum. He'll speak for me, and he'll say, I know, that I'm not the man to kill any living thing." " Very well. And now, before ealling him, do you desire to address the jury ? " The interest of the ease, which, except for that interest which is inseparable from a trial for murder, had slightly flagged, revived now that a human being was virtually at grips with death. For what had just passed meant that there was no defence or attempt at s defence, that the jury must convict, and that the man must die, without hope of mercy for so cowardly and ungrateful a murderer. There was not a sound in the court. It was late in the afternoon, and the winter sun was setting. Its rays lit up the crimson hangings, the scarlet robes of the judge, the intent faces, all looking one way, the drooping head and white composed countenance of the prisoner—the man stand ing up there in fail health and strength, and whose life was going down with the sun. " I have but a few words to say, my lord ' and gentlemen. I didn't do it. I was bad enough, and maybe cruel enough in those days to do it; but I didn't. I was so drunk and so mad, my lord and gentlemen, that I might have done it if it had happened earlier in the day, unknown almost to myself, and be standing here rightly enough. But I know j I couldn't have done it, and why ? Because j I was miles away at the time. My poor ! aunt, as I've heard from what has been said, j must have been killed between a quarter to i and a quarter past eight in the evening. Well, at eight o'clock I was it least five miles off. If I'd done it directly the girl went out of the house—a3 she says, at a quarter to eight—it isn't according to reason that I could have broken open the cupboard, took the money, and got five miles off in a quarter of an hour." He stopped, and drew the cuff of his coat across his forehead. Where had I seen him before 1 Where and when had I seen him do that very action ? " O, gentlemen, I couldn't have done it ! I couldn't, bad as I was 1 I know, now, how bad that must have been—the mercy of God has been upon me since those days—but bad as I was, I owed her too much, and knew it, to have hurt her in any way. Won't you believe me ? I tell you. I was miles away at the time—miles away. Who can tell us you're saying true ? you will ask. No one, I suppose. Not a soul was near me that I knew to come here and speak the truth for me this day. But I know the same God that saved Daniel can save me from a sorry end, if it is His will to do it—if not, His will be done! I'm keeping you too long, only saying the same over and over again. I'll just teil you how it was, and I've done, and you must do as duty bids you." Another pause. The silence of death, or rather of a deathbed. The faces in the dis tance of the darkened court shimmered through the gloom, like those of spectres waiting to welcome a coming shade." Then the gas-light burst forth, and ail sprang into sudden distinctness, and there was a general half-stir as of relief. " Oh, isn't there one here that can speak for me ? Is there any one who remembers the great gas-main explosion in Street that year ? " There was again a stir, and a more decided one. Clearly there were many in court who remembered it. I did, for one. And remem bering it, I seemed as one in a tunnel, who sees the glimmer from the distant opening, but can distinguish no feature of the landscape beyond. " I was there—that night. It was the night of the day I was turned out of doors—the night of the murder. How I came to be there, so far from my aunt's neighborhood, I don't know, but I found myself working hard, helping to lift the stones and timber of the house-fronts that were blown in, and getting the poor crushed, people out. I worked a long time, till I was like to drop ; and a policeman clapped me on the back and gave me a word of praise and a drink of beer out of a can. I wonder where that policeman is now, and if he'd remember ? " He did not respond, wherever he might be. No one to help—no friendly plank to bridge over the yawning grave. What was it, this that I was trying so hard to recall ? "I wandered off after that into the by streets. I knew those parts well. I had had a comrade who used to live there, and many a wicked and foolish prank we'd played thereabouts. The beer I had just drunk on an empty, stomach had muddled me again a bit. but I was quite sober enough to know every step of the way I went, and remember it now. I turned up Hoadley Street, and then to the left along Biewitt Street ; and just when my aunt must have been struggling with the wretch that took her life, whoever is was, I heard a clock strike eight. I did, gentlemen, and I suppose I never thought of it Bince ; but now I remember it as clear as day. I was standing at the time at the corner of Hauraki Street." It all came back to me in a moment I I heard the patter of the rain on the cab-roof I saw the gleam of the infrequent lights on the wet flags—I listened to the objurgations of the cabman at the obstructing dray—I to®k note of the reflection in the mirror, the queer street-name which would not rhyme so as to make sense. The strokes of the clock strik ing eight were in my ears. I saw the lamp at the corner, and the man underneath look up at it—the man with the short broad face, the sharp chin, the long thin mouth turned down at the corners, and the blank in the front teeth—the innocent man I was hound ing to his death—the prisoner at the bar 1 As I sprang to my feet, down with a crash went my bag full of papers, my hat and um brella, so that even the impassive j udge gave a start, and the usher, waking up, once more proclaimed " Silence 1" with shocked and in jured inflection. Heedless of the majesty of the law, I beckoned to my counsel, and he leaned over to me in surprise, I whispered earnestly in his ear. I never saw the human face express more entire astonishment. How ever, seeing that I was unmistakeably in earnest, he merely nodded and rose to his feet. " Your lordship will pardon me," he said, "for interfering at this stage between the prisoner and the jury ; but I am instructed to make a communication which I feel sure will be as astounding to your lordship and the jury as it is to myself. I think I may say that it is the most surprising and unprece dented thing which ever occurred in a court of justice. My lord, the solicitor who in structs me to prosecute tenders himself as a witness for the defenoe 1" CONCLUSION. To say that there, was a " sensation " would feebly describe what followed. Every one in court sprang to his feet. The prisoner looked as if he had seen a ghost. There was & penect hubbub of voioss, as bar and'jury talked among themselves, and my brethren at the solicitors' table poured questions upon me, to none of which I replied. Silence being restored, the voics of the judge—grave and dignified, but with a perceptible tremor—des cended like vocal oil on the troubled waves of sound. " Who instructs you, Mr. Clincher? " " Mr. Beatley, my lord." The judge looked mora astonished than ever. My name was familiar enough to him as a jadge, and he had known it even better when, as a leading barrister, he had held many a brief from me. " I am persuaded," said he, " that a gentle man of Mr. Bentley's repute and experience has good reason for what he does. But so extraordinary and unheard- of I will ask Mr. Bsntley himself if he really considers that duty requires him to offer himself as a witness, and when and why he came to that conclusion ? " " My lord," I replied, " I am certain that, jelieving what I had cause to believe within tiia last five minutes, I should be greatly to blame n I did not testify on oath to certain fscts^ which are within my own knowledge. But if the prisoner chooses to call me as a wit ness, your lordship will presently understand "sriy it ia that," with all submission, I cannot ao this moment, or until X am in the box, give my reasons. And I must add that the vaiue of my evidence to the prisoner will grc-auy depend on his answers to certain ques tions ^ which I wish, with your lordship's sanction, to put to him in writing. And if he answers me as I expect, I believe my evi dence will put an end to the case against him." " B. sally, gentlemen of the jury," said his lordship, u this matter is assuming a more and more remarkable aspect. I hardly know waai to say. That a prisoner on trial for his life should answer questions put to him in private by the prosecuting solicitor is the most extraordinary proposal, I am bound to say, which ever came under my notice. It is the more difficult for me to decide because the prisoner has not the advantage of coun sel's assistance.—Prisoner, is it your wish that this gentleman should be called as a wit ness on your behalf? You have heard what he has said about certain questions which he wishes to put to you beforehand. Of course you are not bound to answer any such ques tions, and may nevertheless call him. What do you say ?" _ " I am in God's hands, my lord," answered the prisoner, who was quite calm again. " It may be that He was raised up a deliverer for me—I cannot tell. Bat I know that if He wills that I should die, no man can save me; if He wills to save me, nought can do me harm. So I am ready to answer any ques tions the gentleman wishes." " I propose," said the judge, " before de ciding this extraordinary point, to consult with the learned Beeorder in the next court." All rose as the judge retired; and during his absence I escaped the questions which assailed me from every side by burying my self in a consultation with my counsel. When he heard what the reader knows, he fully upheld me in what I proposed to do; and then threw himself back in his seat with the air of a man whom nothing could ever astonish again. " Si-lence!" cried the usher. The judge was returning. "I have decided," said he, "to allow the questions to ba put as Mr. Bentley proposes. Let them be written out and submitted to me for my approval." I sat down and wrote my questions, and they were passed up to the judge. As he read them, he looked more surprised than ever. But all he said, as he handed them down, was, " Put the questions." I walked up to the dock and gave them into the prisoner's hands, together with my pencil. He _ read them carefully through, and wrote his answers slowly and with con sideration. With the paper in my hand, I got into the witness-box and was sworn. My evidence was to the effect already stated. As I described the man I had seen under the lamp, with my face averted from the prisoner and turned to the jury, I saw that they were making a careful comparison, and that, allowing for the change wrought by twelve years, they found that the description tallied closely with the man's appearance. " I produce this paper, on which I just now wrote certain questions, to which the prisoner wrote the answers under my eyes. These are the questions and answers : " Question : Were you smoking when you came up to the corner of Hauraki-street ? — Answer: No. " Question : Did you afterwards smoke ?— Answer : I had no lights. " Question: Did you try to get a light ?— Answer : Yes, by clirabing a lamp at the corner ; but I was not steady enough, and I remember I broke my hat against the cross bar. " Question: Where did you carry your pipe and tobacco ?—Answer: In my hat. " Those answers," I concluded, " are abso lutely correct in every particular. The man whom I saw under the lamp, at eight o'clock on the night of the murder, behaved as the answers indicate. That concludes the evi dence I have felt bound to tender." And I handed the slip of paper to the usher for in spection by the jury. " Prisoner," inquired the judge, « do you call any other witness ? " " I do not, my lord." " Then, gentlemen," said the judge, turning to the jury, " the one remark that I shall make to you i3 this—that if you believe the story of the prisoner's witness, there can be little doubt but that the prisoner was the man whom the witness saw at the corner of Hauraki-street at eight o'clock on the night in question; and if that was so, it is clear, on the case of the prosecution, that he cannot have committed this murder. I should not be doing my duty if I did not point out to you that the witness in question is likely, to say the least, to be without bias in the prisoner's favor, and that his evidence is very strongly corroborated indeed by the prisoner's answers to the written questions put to him. Gentlemen, you will now consider your verdict." " We are agreed, my lord," said the fore man. " Gentlemen of the jury," sung out the clerk of arraigns, " are you all agreed upon your verdict ? " " We are." " And that verdict is ? " " Not guilty." " And that is the verdict of you all ?" " It is." There followed a burst of cheering which the usher could not silence, but which silenced itself as the judge was seen to be speaJsing. "John Harden—I am thankful, every man in this court is thnnlrfnl— that your trust in the mercy and power of the All-merciful and All-powerful has not been in vain. You stand acquitted of a foul crime by the unhesitating verdict of the jury, and most wonderful has been your deliverance! You go forth a free man; and I am glad to think that the goodness of God has been bestowed on one who has repented of his past sins, and who is not likely, I hope and believe. to be unmindful of that goodness hereafter. You are discharged." ifad he been left to himself, I think the prisoner s old master would have climbed into She dock, with the view of personally deliver «ig his servant out of the house of bondage. But he was restrained by a sympathetic con stable .while John Harden was re-conveyed for a short tirns to the gaol, to undergo cer ^wiaCf34ry forJm1ali'tie3 connected with his re.ease from custody. I volunteered to take charge °t Mr. Slocum, and took him to the vesabule of the prison, overwhelmed during the short walk by thanks and praises. We were soon joined by Harden, whose meeting with his master brought a lump into the throat even of a tough criminal lawyer lilrn mygeif. I saw thsmialu a ca.u, and they drove off to Mr. Slocum's hotel, after promising to call on me next;.day, and enlighten me on certain points as to v.hieh I was still in the dar As strange a part of my story as any, haa yet to be told. I had hardly got back to my office and settled down to read over the various letters which were awaiting my signature, when my late client (Harden's prosecutor) was announced. I had lo3t eight of him in the excitement which followed the acquittal. He aid not wait to learn whether I was engaged or not, but rushed after the clerk into my ro°n?-. ~6 waa ashen white, or rather gray, ^■^.kuees shook so that he could scarcely stand; but his eyes positively blazed with wrath. Leaning over my table, he proceeded, in the presence of the astonished clerk, to pour upon me a flood of abuse and invective of the foulest kind. I had sold him; I was in league with the prisoner. I was a swind ling thisf of a lawyer, whom he would have struck off the rolls, &e.; until I really thouKht he had gone out of his mind As soon as I could get in a word, I curtly explained that it was no part of a lawyer's duty to try and hang a man whom he knew to be innocent. As he only replied with abusive language, I ordered him out of the omce. ^ The office quieted itself once more being iar too busy, and also too well accus tomed to eccentric people to have time for long wonderment at anything—and in an hour I had finished my work, and was pre paring to leave for home, when another visi . ^S,announced—Inspector Forrester. ' r,'| Mr- Forrester, what'd the matter now ? I m just going off." Sorry if I put you out of the way. sir: but I thought you'd like to hear what's hap pened. _ The prosecutor in Harden's case has giY6n himself op for the muxdsr 1 " " What ? " I shouted. • " lasii ^as's*r" *c's & queer day, this is. When I heard you get up and give evi dence for the man you were prosecutiug, I thought curiosities was over for ever: but seems they ain't, and never will be." "How was it?" ' Well, he came into the station quite quiet, and seemed a bit cast down, bat a^" Said fate was against him, and had saved the man he thought to hang in his stead, and he knew how it must end, and couldn't wait any longer. I cautioned Mm, of course—told him to sleep on it before he said anything; bat make a statement he would. The short of it all is, that the idea of murdering the old lady for her money had come into his mind in a rf?®.'k.^hen he saw that poor drunken fool ex hibiting nis knife in the tavern. He followed hun, and picked liia pocket of the knife, and then hung about the house, meaning to get in after dark. Then he saw the girl eo.ne out and go off, leaving the door closed but not latched, the careless hussy I Then in slips the gentleman, and does what he'd made up his mind to—for you see the old woman knew him well, so he couldn't afford to leave her alive—gets the caah, and slips out. All in gold it was, two hundred and fifty pounds. When he heard that Harden couldn't be found, he got uneasy in his mind, and has been getting worse ever since, though he did well enough in trade with the money. Seems he considered he wasn't safe until someone had been hanged. So, when he recognised Harden, he was naturally down on him at once, and was intensely eager to get him convicted—which I noticed myself, sir, as of course you did, and thought it queer too, I don't doubt. He took too much pains, you see—he must employ you to make cer tain, instead of leaving it to us ; whereas if he hadn t come to you, your evidence would never have been given, and I tliink you'll say nothing could have saved the prisoner." It was true enough. The wretched man had insured the failure of his own fiendish design by employing me, of all the solicitors to whom he might have gone 1 I learned next morning, how Harden, after trying in vain to light his pipe on that memorable evening, had wandered for hours through the hard-hearted streets, until at daybreak he had found himself in the docks, looking at a large ship preparing to drop down the river with the tide. Hew he had managed to slip abroad unseen and stow him self away in the hold, with some idea of bettering his not over-bright fortunes in foreign parts. How he had supported his life in the hold with stray fragments of bis cuit, which he happened to have in his pockets, until, after a day or two of weary beating about against baffling winds, when they were out in mid-channel, the usual search for stowaways had unearthed Him. How the captain, after giving him plenty of strong language and rope's-end, had at length agreed to .allow him to work as a sailor on board the vessel. How on landing at Syd ney he had gone into the interior, taken ser vice with his present master—under another name than his own, wishing to disconnect himself entirely with his former lite—and by honestly doing his duty had attained his present position. By the light of this narrative, that which had puzzled me became perfectly clear namely, how it was that he had contrived not only to get so entirely lost in spite of the hue and cry after him, but also to remain in ignorance of his aunt's fate. My client was tried, convicted, and exe cuted in due course ; his plea of guilty and voluntary surrender having no weight against the cruel and cowardly attempt to put an innocent man in his place. When I last saw John Harden, he was married to a serious lady, who had been his late master's housekeeper, and was possessor of a prosperous general shop in a country village, stocked by means of the money which Mr. Slocuin had generously left him. ^ 