|?0£tw and iriflesu IN MEMOBIAM Oi ilonttis Cr&ouK; BrE&SBcx;, born at Vijeocaaa Mexico, on 30th September, liM, sod died at Bock hamptoo, Queensland, Australia, on the 1st of January lbM. Aired 29 years. On, Death ' thon leveller oi all transient beings ! Tboncfa bhncinc rest, what bitterness etiB dings To thy repulsive clutch. Tbe liberty bestowed By tor fell toQcb is not received, or vet allowed, A blessing to the dear departed. 6ocn is life ! We waver in the balance, ud then rife Our Ujottgbts take wine. What boot* the soul. When chastened ? if the fim the wonted whole What then ? Yon view the cheerless sod— The cruel, cold sod— and know a brother lies Where tobs — where bitter moans— where '^Vm ippHu Recall him cot. Hia yorae life simply roved— Respected, and by all still deariy loved. The epan of nine and twenty poor short rears ! Yes, to his short hie I bestow mv tears ; I can no more. My prayen fall eo short. That Bboold ascend to heaveo'e sacred Court — That Court where haply hie yoans spirit's flown To bask in radiance. Tore his Maker's throne. Oh ! wishinc that thy virtues there may tell, I bid you, brother dear, a Umg farsmdt .' ' Itu a mere matter of form,' said the lady as she adjusted her corset. Touxg housewife : ' VThat misenble little eggs again ! You must really tell them, Jane, to let the hen sit on them a little loogec' We are mach indebted to experience, and it is truly said that we learn most from our mis takes. This is tbe reason compositors know bo 'Mek. G Ernes, lend me your tub.1 'Cant do it ; all the hoops are off — it'e full of ends — besides, I never had one— I washes in a barreL' Ax Radish magazine is speculating as to * the kind of clothes ghosts wear.1 We always supposed they wore spirit wrappers.— A womis wai offered $1,000 if ahe would remain silent for two hoare. At tbe end of fifteen minutes she asked, * Isn't the time nearly op V and thus lost. Said a conscientious auctioneer : * Tilrtin and gentlemen, there is no sbara about tbe carpets. They are genuine tapestry carpets. I bought them from old Tapestry himself. What a feeling of relief comes over a woman as she enters a church and discovers that her neigh bo or 'e wife has the same feather on her hat that she wore last season. At the opera iu Dublin a gentleman Ear casticaUy asked a man standing up in front of him if he was aware he was opaque. The other denied tbe allegation and eaid he was O'Brien. Mcaic, said Dr. Johnson, is tbe least dis agreeable of all noises. The learned doctor did oot know everything. He never lived next door to a cornet amateur or a piano-baninng young lady. A caaaATED lawyer said that the three Most troublesome clients be ever had were a younp lady who wanted to be married, a old maid n-fao didn't koow what she wanted. ' Bella, is your lather at home, said a bash ful lover to his sweetheart. * I want to pro pose something very important to him.' *Hot Clarence, papa is Dot at home, but I am. Couldn't you propose to me just as well ?' And he did, with perfect success. Three or foar years ago a farmer living near Indianapolis who had raised about forty bushels of corn to sell, but who was not hold on. He nailed up his corn crib and sat go to rain unless buyers came to hie figures. To his creat chagrin ami disappointment along. ' What's corn worth 1 asked the farmer. Twenty -eight cents.' was tbe reply. M Why, I was offered thirty-five for mine last fall !' ' Yes. hut you see the corner broke a few dars ago, and 7,000,000 batbeis were let loose on the market. ' *' Seven million bushels! ' gasped the old man. ' Well I ewst! Why, Tve kept forty bushels locked up bere since last fall, thinking I had tbe conntry right bv the nose, and now you tell me that 7,000.000 bushels was let loose m a banch ! Why, draft my buttons ! I don't beleive I could have scart anybody even if I'd held on to my three barrets of pork and six bushels of beans beside '.'— Wall street News, 