CAULPXELD TRAINING NOTES. Br "The Worm." Since my last the whole of the outer por tion of the course proper has been thrown open for work three days a week, viz., Tues days, Thursdays, and Saturdays, and the result is a decided improvement in the work ; ana lue arrival 01 eeverai ween uuieue — Mozart and a couple of fillies : Wooga, by Ambassador, and Agnes, by Napoleon, dam Mary (the trio beiug in N. Campbell's charge). Chester and Skylark have been added to Howe's team. W. Higinbotham has secured boxes in the neighbourhood, and will take up his quarters with Mr. Wallace's string in a day or two. As there are several boxes vacant at tho Turf Club Hotel, I expect Oaulfieid will be very busy from this out. Wednesday. Mr. Coonolly started early by sending Toronto aod Syphon two or three qniet rounds, sporting a coople of fnrlonge each turn. Robertson rode Queen Bess, baring Jack Roach for a companion a etrong mile, the mare having most to eay at the finish. Zona and Veritas, the latter piloted by M'Leod, put in a couple of turns over the echooliog fences, jumping well. Mr. G. Robinson treated his Cop horse to three rounds, improving to good striding work the last turn. His stable companion, w»ry FeneUa, cantered and trotted a couple ol mrblee the reverse way. Vivian, the steeplechaser, Is not in work. Mr. Leng nent Egbert a conple of eteady rounds, brushing bomethe last three furlongs; Tippity Witchett being treated to a bit of a pipe-opener for about six furlooga after can tering; Canute being despatched for a three- mile canter. Mr. T. Heywood put Spartan through some quiet exercise, striding along the last three or four furlooga ; Satellite jumping the schooling fences a couple of times in good style. Mr. Jones had Tbe Bohemian, First Fop, Violet, snd Melodioua doing some quiet can tering, the three two-year-olds spurting for about tbree furlongs. Mr. Batty gave Yately, Umberto, Ontario, and Deceiver suitable work. Mr. T. Davis sent the Derby oolt and Camerine some half paoe work for a round, the uiare doing soother for nice striding work. Ditto and Dsrgo were sent a couple of turns, etridiog along a bit the last time. Later on Pilot put ia a couple of rounds over the fences, at wbioh he seems quite at home. Dincouut was treated to tbree turns for good, useful work, ditto Defiance. Mr. R»nd's team, cooHfotiiig of Norfolk, Tomult, The Ghost, Nuncio, Barra Barm, and Graoe Darling, all doing long cantering exercise. Mr. Connolly, later in the day, gave Veritas, Midnight, and Ctcaar some good striding work. Thursday. A beautiful morning. Mr. Connolly was again tlie early bird ; he started by sending Toronto and Friendless a couple of steady rounds, finishing up sharp the last half mile ; Novelette and Coewr followed with a good, useful mile ; the former can gallop a bit. Jack Ronch and Syphon caDtered. Mr. G. Robinson sent Cupola, O'Brien up, accompanied by Merry Fenella, a strong five furlongs, the Cup horse pulling over the filly all the road. Sir. Batty on Ontario, after some quiet work, joined hie Cup candidate, Yately (who had also been doing a pre liminary), and the pair strode along for about three-quarters of a mile at a good, useful pace ; lie is looking aod going well, but time u on the wing. Malone, on Deceiver, put in a couple of rounds over the schooling fenees, but was not successful Iho first couple of fences ; but on warming up he got round the second time all right. Mr. Jones sent First Pop and Violet twice round, brushing along for three furlongs ; both these fillies nro doing well. The Bohemian and Coriolanus put in some quiet O'Brien on tho Maribyrnong candidate, Mclodiou, moved along in nice tdyle for half a mile. Mr. Leng gave Tippity Witohelt and Egbert a useful spin over half a mile ; tbe son of Goldsbrougb is doing well. Canute wont easy. Mr. Campbell had Mozart and Wonga (a useful looking filly by Ambassador out of Miss Angler) doing quiet work. Agnes, by Napoleon out ol Mary, was walking about. Mr. Davis sent David and Ditto, in company, good striding work for nearly a mile. Camerine and Dargo strode along for three-quarters of a mile, the mare having previously done o couple of rounds at a medium pace ; they are all a bit on the big side. Mr. Leek sent Scaratnouche nnd the steeple- chaser Struggler long, steady work. Cad- land and the Newminslor colt had a flutter over half a mile, tlie young 'un having the best of it all the way.' The following were restricted to quiet exercise — Mr. Jones' Sir Samuel, Mr. Reed's Norfolk, Tumult, Nuncio, and The Ghost, Mr. Heywood's Satellite and Spartan. Mr. Watson gave King John and Welsh man some useful work. Mr. Connolly later on sent Queen Bess, with Jack Roach, half-a-mile 011 the course proper, Ihe mare having it all her own way. Veritn® and Midnight were sent- long medium work, finishing up strong; Nauiilus being treated lo long quiet cantering. Mr. Davis put Discount, Pilot, and Defiance through some half-pace work. Friday. Friday being an off day therowas tlie usual muster, but the work being of a decidedly quiet nature, nothing taking place worth recording. Saturday. A etrong north wind still prevailed. Mr. Rowe was first 011 the truck, with Chester, the Young Angler horse, and the chesnut geld ing trotting and cantering. Mr. N. Campbell sent Mozart and Wonga a steady round, the former doing another alone obout half- pace. Mr. Leek had his Cup candidate, Scare mouche, and Struggler doing long elow work. Mr. Connolly sent Friendless and Veritas a good useful round after doing some eteady exercise ; both these horses arc doing well. Novelette strode along for half a mile on the turf, going very gaily, Ctcsar and Toronto doing quiet exercise with an ocea sional spurt, Syphon doing a eteady couple of rounds, going a third at a good half pace — he is looking and going well - Midnight finishing up etrong after going a round or two steady. Mr. G. Robinson sent Cupola three rouods, going the last about half pace. Mr. Batty sent Deceiver a good, useful round, Ontario joiniog in for half a mile, the former keeping up the pare for another round. After oantering, Yately strode along the grass for good, useful work for a mile and a half. Umberto brushed along for a bit after oantering ; he is big and fresh. Mr. Jones sent Violet and First Pop nice striding work over five furlongs on the grass. The hnv on the St. Albans fillv let ber set away, bat the paoe soon told, there beiog nothing between them at the finish. Melodious, with O'Brien in the saddle, strode home from the five furlongs, moving like a lady. Sir Samuel, Coriolanus, and Tbe B ihemian were going along quietly. Mr. Long treated Canuto to a strong round on the sand, Egbert-, accompanied by Tippity-Wilchett, spurting for half a mile. Mr. Davis sent Ditto and David a etrong seven furlongs, the Derby colt going very strong. Dargo, after cantering, strode along over the same distance, going freely. Dis count put in some suitable work on the sand. Mr. Gill's Gilderoy was doing steady exercise. Mr. Reed sent Tumult, Norfolk, and The Ghost- a strong five furlongs. Beres- ford, with bis owner in the saddle, was doing a bit of schooling. Monday. The finest morning we hare had for some time, only, as far as the weather is concerned, the work, as usual ou Mondays, being very tame. Beresford, with bis owner in tbe saddle, was first on the track, going three rounds, improv ing to good working gallop the last round. Mr. Row accompanied Toronto and Friendless in a half mile spiu, leading all the way on bis young Angler horse, the oheetnut gelding doing quiet exercise. Mr. Connolly slipped Jock Roach, with Novelette for a companion, for half mile, the mare going very etrong, Syphon and Veritas doing a quiet tbree rounds. AU Mr. Jones team put in some steady exercise, Violet, Sir Samuel, CoriolanuB, First Pop, Melodious, and the Bohemian. Mr. Leng — Egbert, Tippity-Wiinbett, and Canute were also out, duing steady work. Mr. G. Robinson had Cupola aud Merry Fenella doing similar exercise. Mr. J. Heywood, on Spartan, put in three miles, cantering smartly. Mr. Davis sent Ditto, Camerine, David, and Dargo a oouple of mild turns ; later in Discount Pilot, and Defiance were cantered. Mr. Harper, janr., gave Tandstiokor long, eteady work. Mr. M'Letlon's Don Giovanni colt can tered ; his stable companion, Codlad, who was very lame after his race at Moonee Valley, did not put in an appearance. Mr. J. G. Rt- id's Tumult, Norfolk, and The Ghost cantered. Later on the trio were sent a mile in company, the ill-used Tumult, having the best of tbe weights and age, just getting home in front. Tuesday. A beautiful calm morning. Mr. Connolly made a start with Novelette, going a sharp half-mile, Friendless following with Toronto doing some quiet exeroue on tho sand, spurting at interval. Syphon, who is looking well, did a couple of rounds, with an amateur up, over the schooling fences, jumping capitally. Later on M'Leod piloted Ctcsar, having Zona for a companion, twice over the hurdles, the former jumping well for a new ehnm. He is the makings of a good useful horse. M'Leod next mounted Veritas, a brother to Ned Kelly, who he very much resembles, Gardiner, on Chester accompanying him. The pair sailed over the fences at a good, strong pace, jumping in grand style, and pulling up noue the worse for it. Mr. Batty sent Yately useful work over a mile and a half on tbe turf, moving nice and freely. „ Molone, on Deceiver, cleared the schoolers once round cleverly, finishing up with a couple of rounds at good, useful pace. Umberto cantered, brushing home from tbe half mile ; be is very big. Ontario put in good, suitable work. Mr. Jones sent Sir Samnol three rounds of the sand, going the last two at good, half pace. O'Brien, on Melodious, brurbed home from the five farlonge, Firot Pop and Violet following suit. Mr. Leng treated Canute to some medium exercise. Egbert aod Tippity-Witchett strode along far half a mile. Mr. G. Robinson sent Merry Fenella five furlongs on the sand, Cupola doing three turns, improving to useful work tho laBt round. Mr. N. Campbell had Mozirt and Wonga oaotering. The Tasmatiian moved along for a round, Wonga ruuning home with him tbe last three furlongs. Oo arriving opposite the gate she bolted off the course. The boy came to grief, but nothing serious resulted. Mr. J. lleywood, on Spartan, put in a strong round after cantering, Mr. Gill's Gilderoy being rimilarly treated. Mr. Harper sent Tandstiokor some steady work, brushing home from the half mile. Sir. Davie gave Ditto and Darid a etrong six furlongs after some preliminary work, Carucrinc aud Dargo covering tbe same distance. Mr. MenzieE — Tho Laird putin some useful work. Mr. J. G. Read sent Norfolk and Tumult about half pace for a mile, Burra Burra and Nuncio doing quiet exercise on ibe sand. 