(BY THe GSIIBT.) The Mining on Private'Property. Bill the twenty-soevonth measure of the sume name that has been brought under' the notice of successive Legislatures during the las thirty .years, has passed its crucial stages in the Council, and is now all but ready for:transmission to "another place." That it will thellce return t' its authors with some very serious madifications in its most imi~ortant clauses is well known. The "reformed" Upper House may see fit in its wisdom to accept the suggested changes, and will no doubt go some distance out of its way to meet the demands of the Assem oly. Should discretion not,, how ever, teiiper the valour of this lat ter. body; and souie of the "amend minnts" which. the Opposition intend ,to move,' be h'agreed. to; 'yet .ainother will bo added.to the long list of abortive atttempts Imade to deal with* an apparently simiple matter, and a "burning question" be left to.blaze or smoulder at the sweet will of political wire- pullers. SIn the Akssembly the" Land Bill, still blocks the way. The; tide' of " second reading" speeches shows, however, some signs of .slackening, and next week the .discussion of the clauses'of the sieasure 'i cbiumittee 'will prodeed, and. oderyt!iing will be "plain sailing.'·. .Mr., Service has agreed to all that the miners deinuneled, ini fact he aliways, hip explains, intended that they should dig at will all over the colony, and it ywas only their obtuseness or the ".cussedness' of the' Mayor that. Isas prevented his good intentions from being apparent all along. There are, of course, two opinions in this regard, but there certainly is only one iin respect to the great capacity. displayed, by the Premier for what a distinguished British statesman, and a countrymen of Mr. Service's, haIppily; termed "the art of booing."-. The head- of -the Government has evidently laid to heart the moral of the fable of the, oak and the bull-rush, and is perfectly aware that the best way to weather the stowri is to bow to it, and hei bows accordingly... SThe Severance Bill of the Scots Church bas'had its third innings in the Assembly. On'Weodnesday. Mr. Harper, the chosen, Irepresentnfive of thierGeneral Presbyterinn Assembly, continued his apparently inter minable speech, which he has, however, promised to bring to a conclusion on Wednesday fortnight. If every opponent of the measure occupies three evenings,' as the member for East Bourke has done, it is easy to see that, with only two hours of every alternate Wednesday devoted to the discussion of the bill, it is ' not: likely to pass during the present: session.. W?ere Mr. Harper not a very good young man, and a pillar of the church,o he. would,. per baps, be accused of "stonewalling." As it is. he is only amenable to the charge of thoroughly wearying his fellow members, a feat in which he achieves an 'undoubted success. That lhe is only the mouthpiece of others is now plain. The opinions obtained by the trustees of .the Scots.. Church and the Argus in i'eslect to the legal aspect of the question have caused the opponents of the m'easure to'execute an entire change of front. Mr. Webb, Q.C., has unhesitatingly, stated.that the Collins-street property-the real cause of the quarrel-belongs to. the congregation, and not to the denomination, and the talk is therefore no longer of " spoliation." On Wednesday Mr. HIarper, vho was a very lion the week before the legal opinion was givei, roared as meekly as a sucking dove, and contented himself with describing the preamble of the bill as "illusory," the Scots Church having nothing to complain of at the hands of the Presbytery." To those who know the bitter aimuses displayed towards the. Rev. Charles Strong by his biother divines, this assertion must have come somewhat as a surprise. Indeed, the derisive laughter which greeted the statement must have shown Mr. Harper that his zeal lhad outrun lis discretion, and that his allusion to the late pastor of the secessionists had landed him on dangerous ground.' One oir two nore speeches against the bill, framed on the lines of Mr. Harper's, will assuredly insure tihe passing of the measure by a large nmaority. 11Mr. . orferd's chances of a seat on the Supreme Court lBench are. looking up. Sir William Stawell, on whom hard work and the life he led when "youth's hot bloodi swelled his veins" are beginning to tell, has: been compelled, owing to ill health, to seek relaxation in a trip to Sydney. The. Chief Justice can at any time retire on an allowance equal to two thirds of his salary of £3500 per annum, and is, so it is whispered, not disinclined to accept the otintia cuss dignitate which a snug pensioner enjoys. Should the members for' Beechwo'lth attain the object of his desire, it will be but another illuhstration of the "saying which avelrs. that " every thing comes to him who waits.". And Mr. Kerferd at present Attorriey-General of Victoria, has assuredly been waiting a very longtiine. The French have a: saying that on riviest toujours a sesJli'eoieres amours. Mr. Tylecote, who may be remembered as the wicket-keeper' of : the cricketing team brought out to Australia by the hon. Ivo Bligh, has proved the truth of the adage by oreturning - to Victoria to claim the hand of a bride,. on whom, let it be hoped in order fully to bear out the. old saw, lie. has lavished his "first love." Next month he is to be married to" the: oldest daughter 'of Victoria's first created baronet, with whom lie will doubt less,, as the story-books have it; " live happily for evermore afterwards." The last dread 'penalty. of the law has been paid by Jamuies Hawthorne, found guilty of fratricide by a jury of his coun trymen. , The case is unsatisfactory, in so far that the - doomed man to the latest moment of liis life.denied his guilt, and the evidence upon which. his 'conviction was based was .entirely of a circum stantial kind. The testimony of the black trackers mainly .contributed to place the halter.. round the culprit's nleck: It' will be recollected that the aboriginals were relied upon, in tle case of the still undiscovered Pettavel murderer, and although they had been well tutored,~ and in police.parlance, "swore up to the mdrk," their evidence was disbelieved at the preliminary enquiry, and the trackers were subsequently. proved to be wrong. hMay'there n?it in, Hawthorne's case also have been a mistake ? The 'thought that the wrong nian ,has been hanged is cer tainl far from iad agreeable one. - The pious 'proclivities of Mr. James Campbiell, the" Ptmastmastr-General of the present Victorian Ministry, and Mr. James Munro, erstwhile a shining Parliamentary light.and chief champion .of the local optionists, are well- known, and the presence of these gentlemen on the platforem of the Melbourne Town m all to welcome. the advent of "Colonel" B]ooth, of the "Salva tion Army, need siot theriefore be a matter of much surprise. But who ever imagined that Mr. Berry, who is certainly, to say tile least of it, very-far from being a member of the goody-goody guild, would be numbered'among the elect? . Yet strange' as it may appear, it is nevertheless true. Amid loud shouts of "Hallelujah ! Amen !". Mtr. Campbell announced that "a prior engagement" alone prevented the Chief Secretary from taking part in the meeting. The discovery of Saul among the prophets, the fly. in amber; the devil among the tailors, or Daniel in a lion's den, are hardly calculated to cause more wonder. Assuredly the. age of miracles has come again.: Mr. Berry, the hero of Black Wednesday, and of smaiy another episode over which it is well to drav thle veil of charitable oblivion, presented to an ad miring tlhrong, of tTHallelujali lasss " as an augel or01 Ilg a8n purity, is indeed a sight for both gods and men. And the moie especially, when it is borne in mind that as a rule the female members of the Army are not renowned for either youth or beauty, does the why :`nd the wherefore'of Mr. Berry's conversion' become matter for wondeiment. AhI if Colonel Booth was only "up" in colonial history, his joy over thoelatest recruit to the iegiment he com mands would most certainly be of the ":niinety- nihth" kind. ' The 'attendance at the various places of public amusement has been mode rate throughout the week. "Macbeth" still keeps its place in the bills 'of the Royal, despite- the -fact that Mr. Vernon's assumption of 'the- title role, and Miss Genevieve Ward's perfor 'nance of Lady Ma:obethi, bear abun: dant testimony to 'the fact that first class comedians are at times very second rate when they essay tragedy. It is, however, announed to give plade to the drama of "Jane Shore." .The Bijou has presented "Maritana" and the "Bohemian Girl" with tolerable success and at the Opera House.Clark and Rynman's.comedy company have. produced the great boat racing drama, "Formosa." At the Prin cess the "Parvenu" still runs, and no change is announced . Chiarini's circus is doing but a moderate business, its "novel ties" being played out." August 23. 