CHILDREN'S COLUMN. "LEFT BEHIND;" OB TEN DAYS A NEWSBOY. By the Author of "Toby Tyler," "Mr. .Stubbs's Brother, " Busing the ' Pearl,'" dec. [From Harper's Young People.] CHAPTER XI. THE EVENING'S ENTERTAINMENT. Surely if noise was any proof that the audience was satisfied with the performance given by Mopsey's company, then all should have been highly delighted, for euch confusion was probably never heard in that house be fore as when the curtain fell on the first act of this new edition of Shakspeare's plays. Mopsey was so delighted at the success that his gigantic brain conceived a startling idea for the entrance of the ghost, which was neither more nor less than for Ben to crouch under the stage, in the very hole where Johnny had come to grief, and at the proper time to rise up in a ghostly fashion, which must surely oe very effective. Ben was disposed to object to thus hiding under the flooring, more especially since he would be enveloped in the sheet, and would doubtless be uncomfortably warm; but all his objections were overruled by the author and company, and he gave a very unwilling assent to the proposition. In order that the audience might not be kept waiting until their patience was ex hausted, or their good-humour began to evaporate, the curtain was raised as soon as the ghost could be tucked away in his hiding place, and Paul made his first appearance on fopsey had explained to him the part which he was to assume, and in a well thumbed copy of Shakspeare's works belong ing to Mrs. Green he had found the lines which Hamlet is supposed to speak after he sees the ghost. These he had committed to memory, al though he had little idea of the meaning of them, and when he came upon the stage he addressed the audience as if in them he saw the ghost of his murdered father. Now Ben had seen the play of " Hamlet" several times, and be knew enough about it to know that the speech Paul was delivering should be addressed to him. In his anxiety to have the scene played properly, he marred the effect of his own entrance somewhat by popping his head out of the hole and whispering, hoarsely, "Turn around this way, Folly; turn round to me." Paul heard the advice, and he turned his back to the audience; and Ben, seeing that his suggestion had keen carried out, ducked his head again, very much to Hamlet's per plexity. Mopsey had stated particularly that as soon ob he saw the ghost he must run away in alarm, and yet Ben would persist in keep ing out of sight, even though he had attracted his attention. Paul repeated all of the speech he had com mitted to memory^ and then waited for the ghostly visitant. Ben, who had not known that there was so much speaking in Hamlet's part, was rather confused, and c[id not know whether it was time for him to come out and strike terror to the heart of his supposed son or not. He popped out his head two or three times; but Paul was not standing in such a position as he fancied would be best Buited for the reception of a ghost; and he went back again out of sight, delightingthe audience with hie agility, and confusing Hamlet. I Paul knew that it wss not the proper thing j for him to stand there silent, ana fearing lest ! he might not have said enough; he began to repeat the same speech over again. Ben realized that it was but a repetition, that doomed him still to jremain in hiding, and believing it to be a mistake on Paul s j part, he whispered, loudly, "You've said j that before; say something else." Paul was perfectly well aware that he had repeated those words before, and he was doing so for the very good reason that he did not know what else to say; but the ghost's com mand confused him, and he stood silent and motionless, resolved to remain quiet rather than make a mistake. By this time Mopsey had discovered that I there was something the matter with the 1 two actors who were supposed to be delight ing the audience, and he found that it was the ghost who was delaying the progress of the play. ."Come out of there, Ben," he whispered, loudly. And some of the audience hearing him, they called in pleasant tones— " YeB, come out, Ben, and show yourself," Thus urged, the ghost could do no less than make his appearance, and he arose from his place of partial concealment as majestically as he could, considering the fact that the eheet had been caught upon a nail, and he was obliged to stoop two or three times to unfasten it. The sheet which covered his head also pre vented him from risiug as quickly as he would have liked, and while he was trying to dis engage himself from it, Paul, realizing that he should run away, did so by leaping over the prostrate ghost, to the great delight of the patrons. The shock of Ben's fall and Paul's leap so shook the frail structure which Johnny nad built that the curtain came down with a thud, tearing away from its fastenings above, and the poor ghost was made doubly a pri soner by this additional covering. "Don't tear it, Ben," shouted Johnny, fearinglest his artistic labours in the way of the "Wild Indian" would be ruined, and then he and Mopsey sprang on the stage, rescuing the curtain from the frantic clutch of the ghost, and leaving that worthy to get to hiB feet as beBt he might. Of course the audience enjoyed all this highly, and while they hooted and yelled in the excess of their debght Ben succeeded in escaping from the rather awkward mantle. "I can dance, if I don't do the ghost very well," he shouted, almost angrily, to the noisy audience; and tnen he began to prove the truth of hisworde withaforce that threatened the immediate destruction of the entire the atrical surroundings. And the audience seemed to realize that Ben could dance, for they insisted on his continuing that portion of his duties until he was bathed in perspiration, and he was so 1 tired that he could hardly move. Of course, now that the curtain had been I wrecked, there was no opportunity for di viding the acts, and after the applause which Ben's efforts had produced died away, Mop seyeent Nelly on to sing again. The audience greeted her kindly, and, as before, not only insisted on joining in the chorus, but demanded more than she had . intended to give. They were evidently deter mined to get the full value of their money, : and suspeeting that she would appear no more that evening, dictated to her such songs as they wantedto hear. . It was of no use for her to refuse, for they insisted upon their demands being compiled with so noisily that the performance could not proceed until they were ready. She stood there singing until she was hoarse, while the entire company waited, in battle array, for the time to come when they should make their last appearance in the great combat. It was nearly half an honr before she was allowed to go, and as soon as she was clear of the stage, the waiting forces rushed on, dis playing the most wonderful skill with their swords. It would not be exactly correct to sav that all of the company rushed on, for Dickey made his appearance very carefully. Of course he was obliged to come sideways, and he moved with great caution, lest he should fall down again, thus working more damage to the covers of Mrs. Green's wash-boilers. But he got on with the others, even if he was slower in hiB movements, and soon was in the very midst of the mimic battle, appa rently the most wounded one there, judging from the blows that were rained upon his armour. The combatants had soon found out that their stage was hardly large enough for the movements of an army of five with such long swords, and that the greatest caution must be used to prevent senous injury to some of them. Therefore, when Mopsey hit a re sounding blow on the front piece of Dick's armour with the back of his sword, all saw that the din of battle could be represented in that way much better and with less danger than by clashing their swords together. _ And thus it happened that poor Dickey found himself amia a bloodthirsty crowd, while each one pounded him on the chest or back, and he unable to parry the attack save when some one incautiously moved toward his sword-arm. He cried for mercy at the full force of his lungs, while Mrs. Green shouted the same request, because of her tinware. The audience were equally divided in opinion as to whether Macbeth had been punished enough; and still the blows were delivered with such force and noise that one would have thought that an army of tinsmiths were at work. It How long this unequal combat might have gone on it is impossible to say had not Mop sey happened to remember that the very one whom they had been using so roughly was the one upon whom they depended to cloBe the performance. ! When the self-elected manager thought of this, he called to Ben to help him set the vanquished Macbeth on his feet, and get him in dancing condition. It was quite an easy matter to get the tin encased hero on his feet, but quite another matter to bolster him up so that he could dance. Dickey waB wearied with long stand ing, sore from the effects of the pounding, and so thoroughly cured of his desire to wear an armour that all he thought of or wanted was to get where he could take of the trap pings of war, and become a humble boot blacking citizen once more. In fact, he utterly refused to dance, which would really have been an impossibility, unless he had been relieved from the embar rassment of the boiler-covers, and Ben and Johnny went on in a double clog to give a proper finish to the performance, as agreed upon. Inasmuch as there was no curtain, it was found necessary for Mopsey to go forward and announce that the evening's entertain ment was finished—an announcement which the audience was not inclined to accept as a fact. They utterly refused to leave their seats, and it was not until Nelly had ap peared and sung three more songs that they left the theatre. i Then, although they drew some compari sons between that theatre and others which they had attended, which were certainly not very favourable to Mopsey, they departed, apparently very well satisfied that they had received the worth of their money. The entertainment had tasted fully two hours, and every one of the performers, espe cially Dickey, was greatly pleased when the last one of the audience passed out of the door. It would be stating it all too mildly to say that Mrs. Green was relieved when they had gone. The good woman had been in a de plorable condition of fear since the time the first hearty applause had been given, and she had been seriously afraid that they would go through the floor of her attic in some of their more vigorous manifestations of pleasure. Before the last one of their patrons had left the hail, Dickey had asked Paul to help him cast aside the uncomfortable costume of Macbeth, and when that was done Master Spry stated most emphatically that when he acted again it would be in some part where the use of armour was entirely forbidden. As a matter of course, the first thing the partners were anxious about, after their patrons had departed, was as to how large their profits were from that evening's exces sive labour, and without waiting to change their costumes, save as has been related in the case of Dickey, they gathered around Mrs. Green. She and Paul counted the money she had in her apron, and the amount was found to be three dollars and five cents. There was already in Treasurer Paul's hands eight dol lars and sixty cents, and when it was an nounced that the evening's performance had netted them the very handsome sum of eleven dollars and sixty-five cents, the joy of the partners showed itself in many extravagant ways. Ben proposed, and the boys agreed to it willingly, that one dollar of that amount be paid to Mrs. Green for the uBe of the attic, which, being so mnch more than she had expected, caused her to look upon the thea trical enterprise as a gigantic success. Then quite a discussion arose as to what should be done with the funds on hand. Mopsey was in favonr of making an imme diate division. Dickey proposed that a cer tain sum be set aside as working capital, and the balance divided among them alL This appeared satisfactory to the majority of the party, and wonld probably have been done if Ben, who had taken no part in the discussion, bat appeared to be thinking deeply of something, had not said— "I've got a plan that I reckon you'll all agree to; but fdou't want to tell what it is yet awhile. Now I say let Paul keep it till Monday night, and it won't Bpoil if we don't divide it till then." Since there was no good reason why this request should not be granted, and since Ben j seemed so anxious to nave it left that way, the remainder of the partners agreed quite ; willingly. 1 Then the tired company of actons crept off i to bed, proud in the belief that their venture had been a success, but anxious to rest. {To oe continued.) 