THEMERCURY. MONDAY MOÜNINQ, AVO. SS, 1SS4. TUE political situation remains unaltered, and it is not at all hkoly to bo changed by anything that can bo said between the present time and the polling. Hie candi- dates both in tho North and South have said what they have got to say, they havo expounded their political views, and each has given his reasons why he, above all others, ought to bo returned to represent the peop'o of tho Colony in tho Assembly. With much that has been said wo havo nothing to do. We aro not at all con- cerned with .the chargss that havo been made, often in a very reckless fashion, often without tho semblance of proba- bility, ofteu oven in grotesque defianco of tho facts of tho case, and, gene- rally, with a strain upon our faith which is almost more than it can bear. We may say at once-as it seoms to bo necessary to say this much I that we do not beliovo that either sido is given ovor to nil sorts of wickedness. Wo I do not think that a single candidate now before the electors, or auy one of the Ministers who lias been returned, is full of all sorti of sobemos to destroy tho iiberties of the peop'o, or even has a desire to do a serious wrong to any por- tion of the community. Strange as it nany appear, especially to those folks whoso excitement has made thom forget their manners, not to say the deconoies of publio controversy, wo actually hold tho opinion that all the candidates desire do do as well as thoy can for the Colony, and are no worse in character than thoso privato citizens who keep themselves out of tho boat and the turmoil of poli- tical lifo. Wo may pardon tho small spite of those who are unable to see nothing but aelf-intoreit in tho action of all mon who soek to servo tho public, and who, judging we suppose by what their own motives would bo in similar eircum stances, cannot understand any reason why men should contest an election unless thoy want to put something in their own pockets. " As all lookB yellow to tho jaun- diced eye," we rimy surmise that thoy view other persons' conduot through tho medium of their own, and thuB give their own hue to nil that thoy bohold. Nor would wo bother ourselves about those who are not above doing the " cracking up" business. If they do not mind dosconding to this sort of panegyric, we do not know that wo need trouble oursolves about it, a3 it decoivos nobody, not even the very persona on whom it ¡B lavished BO servilely. The whole thing is very much liko tho proceedings of the three rival tradesmen who used to nourish many years ' ago in High Holborn, London. Ono put out a gigantic dust-pan as a sign, and declared that his shop was "the original little dust-pan." Another got a larger ono hung out, and announced that his was "the real little dust-pan." A third, not to be out-dono in tho way of assertion, had a larger sign still, and boldly declared in gigantic letters, that his was " the only little dust- pan." Now, seeing that there wore actually two " little " dust-pans clearly visible from the shop of the third, this lost must be regarded as a master of the art of puffing, for he loftily disregarded his rivals and predecossoi-s altogether, and treated them as though they had no existence. Ho scorned to believe that thore could be any other dust-pan but his own. Ho did not deny, indeed, xould not very well, that there might be othor things called dust- pans, but there was only one which was a dust-pan in reality, and, that shone resplendont over his own door. This is precisely what is occurring amongst the politicians at the present time. We are assured/in tho most positivo language, ns though the fact was to bo rammed down our throats, that there is and can be only one political dust-pang in spite of the fact that others are clearly visible, and, as far as we are ablo to judge, equally brilliant as the ono whose splen- dour wo are called upon to admire, to the neglect of all the rest. J Sensible men will, of course, pay no attention to this sort of thing, as it is part of what tho theatricals call "tho biz," and means just as much as when n per- former slaps a letter before he reads it on the »tage. Very few poraona know why actors always do this, which is, a stage tradition, and wo do not suppose that anybody cares very much. The ¡BBUOS, wo may hopo, will not bo detormined by those tactics. Nor, we may hope also, will thoy bo settled by private feeling instead of public duty. It is . a curious fact, as showing how far many persons aro still from under- standing what ia duo to themselves and to their follow citizens, that they will oppose a candidate on all sorts of strange private grounds. Either ho has not been polite onough when in office, or he has boen too polite ; ho may have had to call a friend to account, or have done a purely formal and professional duty ; he may have been too hot or too cold ; or he may have said something that did not please ono person or pleased another a great deal more than somebody else thought proper. All thoBo reasons, and a hundred others moro trivial and moro absurd, are given why a particular candidate should be opposed, whilst tho only reason worth a moment's thought is, the good of the Colony, in view of the actual circumstances of the caso. We may hope, nay, indeed, expect, that although a few persons may forget their public duty, and be guided by their private feelings and prejudices, the great body of the eloetors will koep tho publio interest steadily in view, and givo their votes in accordance therewith, and for no other reason whatever. The question to be docided is, in spite of the endeavours to confuse it by a lot of pearsonal attacks, and the heaping up of much utterly empty rhodomontado, what is best to bo dono to enable tho public work to go on ? Clearly, nothing is to bo gained by making difficulties at the pre- sent time. If the desire is to defeat tho Ministry, that ia hopeless, for all its mem- bers but one aro returned, and it has a clear working majority in tho HOUBC. It may be possible to causo delay, but that is all, and what gain will that bo to any singlo porson out- side of those who are acting purely to aorvo their onn ends? If thero is any great principle at stake, which wo hare altogether failed to discover, in spite of tho very positive, not to say rather abusive, assertions that havo boon mado, nothing ia clearer than that the principio cannot be dealt with during the present Sossion. If there are largo issues to be fought out, if "ihero is as much as ono, the'work must bo postponed tilt( next' Session," when thoro is likoly to,bo"h'gono-/ ral oloction, and under »~níñcli~widor franohiae than tho oxisting one. Common prudonco seems to diotato to thoao who havo, or profess to havo groat ends in view, to got the franchise widoned, and then to make their appoal. As for tho bulk of the poopo, who desire to seo steady work go on, thoy must givo their Bupport to cnablo the Ministry to proceed with their measures without any further loss of time. _- '_ THE report of the Engineor-in-Chicf on public works has just been issued from the Government Printing Office, and is a docu- ment of considerable interest, especially at the present time, when tho opening up of tho Country is being so fully discussed. The report is dated the 10th June, 1SS4, and is, therefore, not by any means new, and may bo said to havo been superseded by tho various statements of the Minister of Lauds in Parliament. There are, however, sundry matters in the report which are worthy of notice, especially as Bomo of thom are of a debateable character, and others indicate a new departure iu connec- tion with railway construction, which is hound to become ono of tho most impor- tant portions of the policy of future Minis trie« for many years. We leam that a suffi- cient number of competent engineers have been obtained for tho purpose of preparing contraot surveys for the several now rail- ways ; and tho necessary offico staff baa been provided by tho employment of Mr. G. H. Edwards, CE., who is paid a fixed per- centage for work performed, and provides all tho necessary staff, and pays all office ex- penses. Tho services of Mr. Mcilbck, as engineering agent for tho Government In London, havo been retained for two years at a fixed salary, which it is thought will prove a more economical arrangement than the for- mer plan of paying by commission. Mr. Aleil bok acts in the samo capacity for the Queens- land and South Australian Governments, and Mr. Fincham regards him as a very pains- taking and valuable agent. The Engineer in-Chief recommends that, in connection with the railways authorised, the cost of gatea and gate-keepers on lovel crossings bo saved, by the use of cattle guards, as in New Zealand and South Australia, and, wo may add, all over the United States. Mr. Fincham calls attention to the extravagant claimi made by landowners for the laud re- quired for railways, which are a great ob- stacle to cheap and rapid construction, although tho valuo of the rast of the land is always raised by the construction of tho lines. Tile lato Ministry had a Bill prepared to deal with this difficulty, which tho present Ministry will, no doubt, take up, and thus put a curb on the greed of those who aro greatly benefited by tho construction of railway«. The progress made in tho survey of tho various lines authorised was very satisfactory at the timo when the report was drawn up, and since then we have heard from the MiiÚBttr that the work has gone on well, and that tenders will bo called for within a very short time now. Wo loam that Mr. Meilbek has been instructed that the waggon bodies for the now lines will bo made in the Colony, and that only wheels, axles, and ironwork aro to bo sent out. Mr. Fincham docs not think that there will bo any saving in cost by this course being foi. lowed, but it will, ho says, enablo tho Department to ascertain th* relative ex- penso of the English and Colonial work. We do not understand why tho Government baa not called for tenders for tho waggons required, or at least for some portion of them. A very positive statement has been made that thoy can bo turned out more cheaply in tho Colony than they can be im- portad, and it would bo wiso, wo think, to tost tho market in a practical and busincss liko inanuor. It seems that when a supply of seasoned timber has been obtained the work will be dono in the Government work- shops, and, we havo learned, that a sum is to be appropriated to providing tho neces- sary material. All this is very woll, but we cannot understand why tenders aro not in- vited for at least a portion of the rolling stock, as tho object should be, not to estab- lish Government works, but to encourage private enterprise. INWARD P. AND 0. MAIL-The P. and 0\. Co.'s mail steamer Rome, having left Colombo two days in advaneo of contract time, ia duo at Albany to day. Tnt ELECTIONS.-The last of tho elections which wero necessitated by the late change in the composition ot the Government will be decided to-morrow aud Wednesday, when the pollings will bo held. The polling for West Hobart, reudorcd necessary by Mr. Amott'a nomination, takes place to morrow from 9 a.m. to 4 p.m., at tho following poll- ing-places :-The Town Hall« Hobart, and Launceston ; the public school, upper Goul burn-streot ; Warwick-street, near Murray street. The ro-eleotion of the Treasurer (Hon. W. H. Burgess) is a certainty, if his friends aro on tho alert against a surprise, a« they no doubt will bo. The East Hobart polling also takes plaeo to-morrow, from 0 n.m. to 4 p.m., at the following polling E laces :-The Town Halls Hobart, and aunceston ; the public school, Do Witt and Cromwell streets. The candidates are the Attorney General (Hon. J. S. Dodds) and Mr. A. I. Clark ; and, although the latter, gentleman has many supporters, it is ' not likely that he will be able to prevont the return of Mr. Dodds to the seat in tho Assembly. The polling for Fin- gal takes place on Wednesday, the ollowing being the polling-places»!,: Fingal (principal polling-place) ; Avoca, police office ; St. Mary's police office ; "Mat thinna, Black Boy Hotel ; St. Helen's police office ; Gould's , Country j Hobart, public buildings ; Launceston, public buildings. The candidates are Mesara. J. G. Davies, li. H. Gill, and J. Grant-the contest being ap- parently between the former two gentlemen. Mn. DODDS' MLETINO.-It is announced that Mr. J. S. Dodds will address a meeting of the electors, at tho schoolroom, Hampden road, at 8 o'clock this ovening. EAST HOBART ELLCTION.-Mr. A. I, Clark will address the electors of East Hobart at the Tasmanian Hall this evening, at 8 o'clock. MR. REIDEV AND MB. I DODDS.-It ia rumoured tint Mr. A. I. Clark is in possession of a letter from Mr. Rcibey, setting forth at large tho charges which lie has to make against the Attornoy-Gcneral, and mtntioned in tho now famous telegram, whioh was issued in a handbill by Mr. Clark. We think and hope that the rumour must bo fais«, as Mr. Roibey promised by telegram on Friday to writo fully to Mr. Dodds, and up to last night Mr. Dodds had heard nothing from lum. We can hardly conceive it possible that Mr. Rciboy has first sent to Mr. Clark the charges he promised to com- municate to Mr. Dodds, and which, as a mattor of honour, ho was bound first to com- municate to him. We asaumo that Mr. Rcibey wonld not bo guilty of mell conduct, and, therefore, we think that tho rumour referred to must be falso. However, the rumour was BO far believed, that last night Mr. Dodds sent the following telegram to Mr. Reiboy :-'* Hon. T. Reibsy, Carrick. It is cuirently reported that Mr. Clark now lias a copy of your letter in reply to my telegram. As I havo. not "yet received any letter fiom you, will you bo good enough to stat« whether you ' have written to me, and if BO, when ?" MUNICIPAL ELECTION AT OATLANDS.-An extraordinary election of a councillor for the Oatlands Municipal Council will be hold to- day, commencing at 9 a.m. and ending at 4 p.m. The polling places are as under : Council-chambers, Oatlands ; schoolrooms at Tunnack, Jeiicho, and Mount Soymour; Victoiia Inn, Tunbridge; and Midland Railway Hotel, Paiattah, The condidatea nominated aro Messrs. John C. Lord and Algornon II. Pago. A NUISANCE.-A correspondent, who does not his name mid address, complains of a nuisanco in Goulburn-strcct, caused by the periodical emptying of a pigstye into the street, besides a cat tload of rubbish from the public school. THE LATE MR. OLOF HILMER HEDBERG. -After a reiidonce of upwards of 40 years in Hobart, this woll-known enterpriting oolo nist died at his residence in Argylo-streot on Friday attoraoon, in thVOSth year of hi» age.- -The deceased was a nativo of Sweden, and at an early age.weut to sea. For a time he waa engaged on board the Wosleyan mis- sionary schooner Triton, but preferring the natural beauties of Hobart to the dangers which existed when Fijiwasiiothingbutncaii nibal Uland, he settled in Tasmania. Being a member of the Wesleyan Church, he at- tracted tb« notice of the father of the pro sent Minister of Landa, who was then a lead- ing member of that body and n reaponsiblc officer in tho Bonding warehouse, where Mr. Hedborg was provided with a place. Here ho attracted the favourable notice of the late Mr. Charles Seal, who was thon a wealthy ship owner and city merchant. This gentlc mon Btartcd Mr. Hedborg in business, which he earrisd on in the place where ho diod for very many years with great success. On the death of Mr. Seal he managed the whaling business, then carriod on by his patron's widow, and eventually suc- ceeded to it himself. For many years he traded with success, but the prico of oil fell, the takes becamo small, misfor- tune succeeded misfortune, and Mr. Htd berg added one more to the many enter- prising adventurers who have become poor by the lottery of whaling. For moro than a quarter of a. century Mr. Hedberg was superintendent of tho City Fire Brigado, but declining health necessitating his retirement, ho was about two years back honoured with a presentation, and was succeeded by Mr. Edward Maher, the superintendent, under tho now Act, of the United Firo Brigade. Of late Mr. Hedborg hoB traded as a produce merchant. He married twice, and leaves a widow, two SOIIB, and four daughters, to deploro the loss of one who wa« respected by all who knew bim. One son fills the oflico of Government inspector under the Boer Duties Act, whilst tho other is a sub-inspec- tor in tho territorial police. In his prime Mr. Hedborg was a man of Herculean strength ; but, for the past few years his health ha» failed, and, until death, which was caused by dropsy, he was a groat suf- ferer. Ho was temperato in all his habits, and his well-known smiling face will be missed by many a friend. Tile flags of tho shipping Were lowered as a mark of respact to the decoased, whoso remains will bo buried to-morrow morning at half-past 10 o'clock. TnE AUSTRALASIAN SKETCIIER.-Messrs. Walch and Son have forwarded us a copy of this publication for tho current month. It lias for its frontispiece a representation of Lady Loch's first reception at Government House, including portraits of the Go\ crnor and her Lidyahip. A half-pago engraving shows a number of "moving incidents by flood and field," the principal ac- ton in which wero presented with certificates of merit or medals at the rocent distribution of rewards of the Royal Humane Society of Australasia. Be- low is a view of tho gunboat Victoria in tho Alfred Graving Dock. To Silverton a. whole pago is dovotod, a view of tho township being given, and sketches on the road thither. A full-page engraving pourtray» the attempted escape of Kelly, a prisouer at Pentridge, and two other convicts, and the shooting of Kelly by Warder Leary. The tale of " Crowned with Good " is continued. A good _ idea of tho work of scouring wild horses iii Queensland aud New South Wolca may bo gathered from a aeries of small en- gravings, in which the various stages of tho mustering are shown. Messrs. Luke, Wil- liams, and Co.'a hop exchange, Collins street west, finds prominent place among the illus- trations, SCOTCH COLLEGE.-Tho two scholarships in connection with the Scotch College wero competed for last week. A largo numbor of candidates gave in their names, but, by a aovere preliminary test, the numbers woro reduced to 12 and six respectively. In the senior examination, out of a total of 1,300, D. White and J. Marsh obtained over two thirds, cloFoly followed by R. Singer, A. Gaylor, W. Hocking, A. Russell, and A. Propsting. lu the junior, li. Hawson, H. Crouch, and P. Gaylor, distinguished them- selves. The acholai ships wero accordingly awardod to D. Whito and H, Hawson. THE POULTRY EXHIBITION.-It is notifiod for tho information of competitors at the annual show of tho Tasmanian Poultry Society, which takes place on Wednesday and Thursday noxt, that all exhibits of dairy produce, oxcept fresh butter and trusted poultry, must be delivered at tho Exhibition building between the hours of 4 and 9 p.m. to-morrow. Poultry, pigeons, and other specimens will also, for tho conveni- ence of exhibitors, bo received during tho evening from 7 till 9 o'clock. As tho cata- logue numbers upwards of 700 cntrios, it will facilitate tho staging and arrangement exhibits in readiness for the judges' criticism if they are delivered, as far as possiblo, to- morrow night. Anything not nt tho build- ing by 0 a.m. on Wednesday will be ex- cluded from competition. The poultry show comprises specimens from different parts of the colony, among them being a number from Mrs. Kcrmodo's splendid yards at Mona Vale, which have just distinguiahod themselves by securing scvoral prizes and trophies at tho Victorian poultry show in Melbourne. Mombors aro reminded that subscriptions aro duo, and the same will be received by the troasuror, Mr. Rex, or the bon. secretary, Mr. Chapman. MEBOAKTILB ROWINO CLUB.-A general meeting of the club will be held to-night, when tho committco, owing to the great Bupport already given to tho club, and also to encourage rowing among all classcB, in- tend touring forward a proposition to reduco the subscription from two guineas to one guinea per annum, with a small outrance fee. The committee havo been very oner gotie.nnd aredoing their best with every hope of success, to start the temporary sheds the first week in October, ST. GEORGE'S SCHOOLROOM.-A ooncert and tea meeting is announced to take place at the schoolroom on Friday evening next, at 7 p.m., the object being to aid ,th» fund for repairs to tho schoolroom. Our reader» will remember that a Bhort timo back wo re- ported on the lamentable condition of ,the school building, and we aro sure that the association, assisted as they are by the ladicB of the parish, will have the room filled with an appreciative'audience, anxious to i thu» aid in a laudable and necessary work. .' ' THEATRE ROTAL,-After Dark, as played on Saturday evening, was a greater success than even the previous night's performance, and again won the very hearty plaudits of a numerous HUdience. The on« prominent character in the drama is that of the poor diink-soddened enstaway, Old Tom, as played by Mr. J. L. Hall. It may bo a do parturo from the conventional rendition of tho charactor by actors who make Buch im- personations their special line, hut in this it is so much tho better, being fieo from the customary straining after, effect whioh «o often spoil« what should be' most afTocting and pathetic situation«. Mr. Hall has evi- dently made this character a careful study, and ho plays it with wonderfully, life-like fidelity, The sympathie« of the audience were with him through all his, vicissitudes, and as tho better nature of the man assorted itsolf, and he cast off tho trammels of drink and again bocamo " clothed, and in his right mind, an avenger of tho innocent, and swift pursuer of evil doers, it seomcd less like a mimic play than an incident of real life, and tho applause was hoarty and spontaneous. . Next in merit and prominence wa»_ Miss M. Lanyon's Eliza, the much suffering, much enduring female in distress, of the true Boucicault model. With careful watchfulness not to ovcrstop the 'limits of possibilities, Miss Lanyon mads the character interesting, and not too lugubriously sorrowful. Of the rest little need bo said boyond what has already appeared in our first notice, except, perhaps, to express; tho regret that Mr.Brooke Bhould tarnish the modest laurels ho has already won by hia very palpablo failure as Dicey Morris. Both businoss and text wero slummed, and it seemed as if tho actor, making his last appearance for a while, really did not caro how he got through hits work. At all event«, whatever might have beon the cause, appearancos wero much against him. In the " cadger " Boones Miss Jennie Nyo as Area Jack, and Miss Nita Franks as Crumpets, fairly divided honours, and whon tho former suddenly blooming out like radiant summer butterfly, dancod with the airy grace nnd lightness which is all her own, tho delight to tho audience know no bounds. To-night Afltr Dark will again be played, and during tho week there will bo a succession of sensational dramas, The Tickel-of-Leave-M^an, Octoroon, Across the Continent, and others not yot underlined. ATHLETICS.-Messrs. Newton aud Dono- van, two well-known Victorian exponents of boxing, fencing, etc,, are announced to give two exhibitions at the Theatre Royal on tho 1st and 2nd proximo, whero, in addition to their own display of skill, trophies will bo presented for boxing competition« among local middle and light weight proficient«. An advertisement to this effect appears in another column. Mr. Newton, wo under- stand, is about to proceed to America to box for tho middle weight championship at San Francisco, and after leaving Tasmania will visit Now Zealand en route. CITY POLICE COURT.-Messrs. Tarloton, P.M., and Young, J.P., attended at the City Police Court on Saturday morning. Isabella Harbuckle, for disturbing the poaco in Liverpool-street on Friday night, was fined 20s. Od., In default one month's im- prisonment, as sh« was a very old offender. Geo. Bennett and Catherina Fahey, for dis- turbing the peaco on Saturday morning, wero each fined 5s., with the usual alternative. Margaret Stone, who pleaded guilty to being drunk and disorderly at Now Town, was fined in a similar manner. ESCAPEES FROM THE CASCADES TRAINING SCHOOL.-Yesterday about noon, four boys, named Denis Naylor, .Thomas Fitzgerald, diarios Linton, and James Bently, under- going dotcntion at the Cascades Training School, made their escape from that institu- tion, by making a hole in the baok of a wood «lied, through which thoy got at liberty. Thoy wore missed immediately after, ami upon search being made three of them, Fitz- gerald, Linton, and Bently, wiro discovered in Wilmot'Streot. After a long and fatiguing chase by Sergoant Rainey and Constablo Booton, tho juveniles were captuicd and taken to tho polico station,wheuco they wero sent back to the school. Naylor was secured by a relative and also taken back. The threo boys Naylor, Fitzgerald and Linton aro undergoing a three years' term for robbing Mr. Anning's confectionery »hop.and Bently, seven year», for robbing a church at Long- ford ACCIDENTS.-A boy named George Willi croft, the son of a labourer redding in Gonlburn-streot, was brought to the hospital on Saturday, suffering from a fractured arm, caused by a fall. The fracturo was reduced at the hospital. A mau named T. G. Bur- bury, suffering from a wound to his foot, received while cutting wood at Eastern Marshes, was als« admitted to the institu- tion. FooTUALL IN THE STRKKTS.-A correspon- dent requests us to draw the attention of the polico to the dangerous practico indulged ¡n by lads of playing football in tho public streets, and states that, on Saturday last, about noon, as a lady, carrying an infant, was proceeding down Mncquario-Btroot, near Dr. Gibliu's, sho was violently struck on tho sido ol tho faco by n football, in her endeavour to shield the child ; sho was com- pletely stunned tor a few seconds, and had tho baby been hit, or drepped on the hard pavement in consequence of tho shock-an event which was nearly happening-serious injury to it would most likely have re- sulted. CONCERT AT SANDY BAV.-An entertain- ment, consisting of readings and vocal and inatrumintal music, will oo given in St. Stephon's schoolroom, Sandy Bay, this oven ing, in aid of the church funds. PDDLIO MEETI sa AT ELLENDALE.-A publio mooting for considering cortain mat tors appertaining to roads, will bo hold at Ellendale to-day, at 2 p.m. LOCAL OI-TION.-A Melbourne corre- spondent informs us that large and in- fluential public meetings havo boon licit! during the last fortnight in Prahran and Richmond, under the auspices of tho local lodges of tho I.O.G.T. of tho world, nt which tho following resolutions wore pro- posed, seconded, and carried with acclama- tion, viz -.-1. That the common sale of in- toxicating liquors is a fruitful sourco of crime, immorality, pnuperi»m, disease, in- sanity, and prematuro death, whereby not only the individuals who give way to drink- ing habits are plunged into misery, but grievous wrong is done to tho persons and property of Hor Majesty's subjects at large, and tho public rates and taxes are greatly augmented. 2. That tho traffic iu intoxi- cating liquors never can bo ao regulated na to render it otherwise than injurious, und hence it is right and expedient that tho rate- payers in a locality should havo the legal power to protect themselves against tho traffic by its entire removal. 3. That copies of tho foregoing resolutions, signed by tho chairman, be forwarded to each member of the Legislativo Assembly, accompanied with n request that in his Elace in the Assembly he will seo it to e his duty, in the highest interests of tho community, to Biipport a local option moasuro for the colony of Victoria. It is intondod to bold similar meetings in Mel- bourne and the remaining suburbs. A THEATRICAL LAW SUIT.-The action brought by Mr. Fleming Norton against Messis, Williamson, Garner, and Muigrovo, Mas concluded in the Supreme Couit at Mel- bourne, on Wednesday last, before Mr. Justico Williams and a special jury of 12 Dr. Madden and Mr. Hodgea appeared for tilo plaintiff, and Mr. Purves and Mr. Hood for' the defendants. The plaintiff was on gagofl'by tho defendant firm to give a series of monologuo entertainments, whiob, how- ever, were not successful. Finally, before the termination of tho time limited in the ngrcoment, Mr. Jenkins, acting ns agent for tho defendants, termt nated the contract while the plaintiff was playing at Albury, and he sought to recover £550 damages foi breach of agi ce- ment. Evidenco was given on behalf of the defendants, who alleged that Jenkins had not acted with their authority in termi- nating tho contract. The jury, after a short retirement, returned a verdict for tho plain- tiff, with damages for £52 113s. 4d. A Poon O'CLOCK TFA ON THE STAGE-It was (says tho /l««íra*asían) a kindly thought on Miss Waid'» part to invito hor numerous friends to a 4 o'clock tea on the stage of tho Theatro Royal, where sho nightly roceiyes fresh and increasing pi oofs of her popularity, To many of tho representativo crowd who filled the stage on Thursday wook it was a novel experience to sit in the placo whoro they had BO often watched tho triumphs of others, and look out on the bare expanse of pit, Btalls, and circle. OurJplcasant liostess, who cleverly concealed the wickedness of Stephen do Mohrivart and the savagery of Lady Macbeth under n bland and smiling exterior, received her friends in tho boudoir scone of " Fedora," and offered them OB seats the throne-hko chairs and the square ghost haunted stools of the banquet scene in Macbeths The gathering of friends was io preseutativo in tho highest degree ; artists and journalists compared experiences, and clung 'together after tho manner of these folk ; bankers and merchants, forgetting all the financial difficulties which so often arise botwecn thom, chatted sociably together as they drank Mi«s"Ward's fragrant toa; a Mayor and (ht Town Olork unbent thom selves and mingled in friendly intercourse with their friends' presont, whilo theatrical Eroprietors and the profession genet ally efittcd themselves as those to whom tho stage is a second homo.; 'A very pleasant hour was «pent by the numerous company present, who were unanimous in praising Miss ( Ward for her novel > entertainment, and many hoped that a custom so pleasantly inaugurated would some timo or another bo repeated. Five o'clock carno all too soon, the work of the 'night was looming boforo our hostess, and wo bade quito reluctantly a farewell to the genial lady who combines sueh social graces with, so much dramatio power. WHAT THE DOCTORS AT THE MELUOURNB HOSPITAL EAT. - Thus the Melbourne Herald : -" Tho young gautlomen whom we pay £50 a year to como and leam their busi- ness at the Hospital," to quote a committee man, are exceedingly indignant that tiioir daily bills of fare Bhould have been made the subjeot of a somewhat animated debate at the meeting of the Melbourne Hospital Committee yestciday afternoon. For some timo past a spirit of economy has gra- dually been making itself apparent in tho management of tho hospital, and this luufeulminated in a proposal to reduce tho members of the permanent medical staff to somewhat shorter commons that they have boon hitherto accustomed to. " Why," atked an indignant member, " should tho medical staff eat dieted whiting at 2a. a lb., and oysters, when tho patients havo to cou tent thcmaelves with kingfish?" "Better limit their pudding tu two days in ; the week," remarked a well known financier »otto voce. " It is a most outrageous thing that the doctors should feast their friends at tho expeneo of a publio charity," said another member of thoexpenscB-reduotion contingent. This was too much for a genial suburban ex mayor, who is distinguished as a bowler and draught-player. "You have aona and daughters of your own," said ho, "And I suppose you don't object to them receiving their friends occasionally. Tho members of the medical staff are gentlemon, and the Hospital is their homo for the timo being, and I don't seo why they should not entertain their friends sometimes. At any rato, I for one will never consent to bo a mombor of a Tucker committeo and put the doctors of tliio institution on a miserable allowance." "But tho raw material alone of their dinners comes to an average of fiom 3s. 2d. to 5s, per hcad,"oxpoBtnlatcd anothor committee- man. "Oh," exclaimed a burly soft-goods merchant, " ¿boro must bo simo mistake about that." Then, thoughtfully, " But a fow small bottles of champagne miy have been included." And so the (libig and crOBS firing went on, until the matter was permitted to drop. Several of the medical staff now declaro that if tho coinmittoo mako any attempt to subject thom to tho indignity of putting them on a diet allowance they will roslgn in a body. EXECUTION OF JAMES HAWTHORNE.—On Thursday morning last, 21st inst., James Hawthorne, under sentence of death for the murder of his brother, William Hawthorne, at Brighton, near Melbourne, in March last, was hung at the Melbourne gaol. From an advance copy of the Melbourne Herald to hand we obtain the following dying state- ment made by the condemned man:— "Thursday morning, 21st August, 1884. Prisoner's cell, 9 30 o'clock. I, James Haw- thorne, do declare that I am now about to appear before my God my Maker, and I de- clare my faith in the Lord Jesus Christ and that he has pardoned all my sins; and also that I never murdered my brother, and took no part in it. I never intended nor threa- tened any such thing as death, or ex- pressed any statement to anyone that he ought to be killed or die; that the tracks found by the tracker were not mine, and I never told any one that they were mine, and any statement that I did so is false. That this statement has been written at my own urgent request; I hereby wish to express my grate- ful thanks to the Rev. John McLaren and Mr. John Cormack, for their constant and useful attendance, and spiritual pleading to me; and also to my solicitor, Mr. A. Read, for doing all in his power for me. Also, to the governor of the gaol, Mr. Magee, and also to the warders for their kindness, and I from my heart forgive every one as the Lord has forgiven me.—JAMES HAWTHORNE. Witness: Rev. John McLaren, Chaplain; witness: John Cormack, City Missionary. The Herald adds:—The above statement is explicit and emphatic enough. It was written just as the unhappy man dictated it, and at least may be taken as a sufficient refutation of the statement that he ever at any time admitted the tracks to be his. The prisoner has never at any time exhibited much apprehension regarding his approaching fate. He has been very observant of his religious duties, but otherwise composed and regular in his habits. The night before the execution, after the ministers left him, he slept soundly until the prison bell rang in the morning, and then rose, and having at- tended to his personal comfort, addressed himself to religious contemplation and read- ing, until breakfast-time, when he ate a hearty meal, and afterwards remained in constant communion with the ministers until the hour of his execution. He was perfectly calm. A little before the fatal tour he was supplied with a small quantity of brandy, all of which, however, he did not drink. When the first stroke of 10 was heard, he exclaimed almost joyously, "Ah, that's the hour,' and seemed almost glad that his trials and suspense were at an end. Whether he has gone to eternity with a lie on his lips or not, it is quite certain that his last days have been remarkable for nothing more than his composure, and that his doom was met with a fortitude and calmness that would comport ill with the theory that he faced death with a lie on his conscience. Were he an habitual criminal this might be the case, but James Hawthorne was not that." As ILL-FATED COMI-ANY.-Regarding tho steamer Great Eastern, the Pall Mall Gazette says;-"Tho hope« of tho unfortunate holders of shares in that most unlucky speculation, the Great Eastern steamship, have once moro been falsified, and their whito elephant is still upon their hands. Not only ha« the reported sale of tho vessel to a company, by which she was to bo used as a coasting hulk, fallon through, but the presumptive purchasers ' have, it is said, commenced an action of law against the pre- sent proprietors for broach of contract. Wherein the alleged breach exists is known only to tho directors of tho ill-fated company ; and these gentlemen, so far from satisfying the ouriosity of the shareholders, morely express themselves 'at a loss to com- prehend ' the grounds of action. For the rest, tho accounts of the company for the past year are far from cheering. The total rooeipta amount to £173 Is. Id., including the sum of £21 paid in fees by visitors to this colossal failure. Tho expenditure, on tho other hand, roaches the fotal of £2,831 0s. 7d." _ 