BRITISH AND FOREIGN ITEMS. . i In The Times of Wednesday, 27th February, there were 56 vessels advertised to sail for Australia. About 1,350,000 persons in Great Britain depend for their livelihood on the brewing industry. The Earl of Pembroke means to estab- lish coffee taverns in the villages on his estate, the management to be vested mainly in the working men. The Queen's determination to keep up Claremont for the Duchess of Albany in place an expenditure of at least £10,000 or £12,00 a year from Her Majesty's private resources. The Marquis of Bute Is erecting a resi- dence near Rothesay, the hall of which is built entirely of marble, and will cost £70,000 a ('vor 50 members of the English House of Commons have promised their support to a bill which will, in all probability, be introduced this session for tho purpose of revising the Book of Common Prayer. Queen Victoria has road, it is said, only such Press notices of her book as have been marked for her by her ladies, and it is only fair to suppose that they have only sent her the favourable ones, Sir William, Thomson, the eminent physician; holds that there are at least six senses and possibly seven. His sixth sense is a sense of roughness or force, and possible seventh sense that of magnetism. In the Naval dockyards of Russia there is now far more activity than for some time past. Six now war vessels are to be launched before the end of the approach of summer. Two of the number will be frigates, two cruisers, and two gun- boats. "" The London City Press says it is estimated that to maintain the Metropolitan Police Force in the same state of efficiency as the City Force, and to pay the same salaries, will cost the ratepayers an additional £60,000 a year. The Geographical Society of Berlin has raised its voice on behalf of the Congo territory, set forth by the traveller, D. Pechnel-Looscho, as possessed of numerous resources, and a good commercial centres, though, perhaps, less likely to become an important province than districts more in the interior. Owing to the competition among the North Atlantic steamship lines for emigrant traffic, the steerage rates have been reduced to 20 dollars for passengers from Great Britain, and US dollars for those from Germany. Some of the steamers, after payment of commissions, secure but 15 dollars net from the farm. The new Governor of Vilna, in Po- land, is taking very severe measures against the Poles. All the Polish Go worn aren't workmen have been dismissed, although they offered to change their faith to the orthodox Russian faith. The Polish language has been prohibited in all public places. The Matin professes to have details of the movements of the Fenian dynamiters in Paris. It states that between Boulogne and Amiens they have a dynamite factory, and that another attempt to blow up a large public building in London is imminent. The dynamiters meet twice a a week in Paris to organise outrages. The engineers who have been so many months on strike at Sunderland, in support of a demand for a limitation in the number of apprentices, have, after a consideration of their position, determined to continue the struggle, believing that the employers will ultimately perceive it to be to their interest to concede their demand. An international conference in favour of arbitration as a substitute for war will be held at Berne in the second week of August next, commencing on Monday, the 4th of that month, and in the succeeding five days the following questions will be discussed : - International arbitration, neutralisation of oceanic canals, international tribunals, international dis- armament. ' A critic in the Russian Invalid asserts that 70 miles a day may be continuously done by Russian cavalry without any fear for horses or men, A few weeks ago General Gourko, at Warsaw, inspected a couple of scenes of Don Cossacks, who had cleared 340 acres in three days about 74 miles a day. On the motion of the Prince of Wales, it has been decided by the general committee of the International Fisheries Exhibition to devote £10,000 of the surplus fund to the relief of families of fishermen who may have lost their lives while following their calling, and a further sum of £3,000 to founding a fisheries society. The late Bishop Bloomfield preserved his passion for bon mots to the last. During his illness he enquired what had been the subjects of his two archdeacons' charges, and was told that the one was on the art of making sermons, and the other an churchyards. "Oh, I see," said the bishop, composition and decomposi- tion The temple of Jerusalem, writes a Paris correspondent of the Boston Pilot, is to be re-built by the combined efforts and contributions of twelve American millionaires, two of whom have already gone to Palestine to study on the spot the most efficient means of putting into ore return their gigantic and costly project. Mr, Arthur Augustus Rees, originally a midshipman in the navy, then a clergy- man of the Church of England, and finally, for 40 years past, the pastor of an Independent Baptist Church in Sunder-, land, with the largest church membership in the town, died on April 17, in his 68th year, from spasms of the heart. Mr. Rees, whose career was marked by the possession of originality of mind and independence of judgment, was eloquent as a prisoner, and he frequently occupied the rostrum at the Metropolitan Tabernacle in Mr. Spurgeon's absence. John Swinton, in addressing the dry goods salesmen of New York, said, in the course of his remarks on the. reasonable- ness of early closing If the, life of you young men and women is to be nothing better than going to work at 7 30 in the morning and leaving at 7.30 p.m., and finally dying at 35, or 40 years of age, then, I say, better universal suicide, for such abuse is no life". A London correspondent writes : Michael Davitt is the only prominent Irishman who has identified himself with Henry George movement, and it is freely hinted that it is as much owing to a desire to lessen the influence of Davitt as it is to denounce nationalism of the land, that' members of the Parnellite party' are always found Re road to attack Goijrgo. I An intense intellectual movements is said to be making itself felt through the whole of Iceland. It is headed by a still youthful teacher, Torvald Thoroddson, of 1 Mordruvollir, A second instructor is travelling over the island, delivering loo Euros on religion, piety, general culture, etc., and isesiabluhing schools for adults throughout the land, According to the latest return, the number of volumes in the British Museum is just over 1,300,000. There are 160 miles of shelves, and about 20 more miles to be filled. It is calculated that about a ton of literature a day is j Bout into that institution. ¡ William and Mary College, Virginia, ; the wheat in America, next to Harvard, has closed its doors, having but one student at the beginning of this school year. It was founded in 1893, and amongst its most eminent alumni were Washington, Marshall, Randolph, Tyler, Breckenridge, and General Scott. A remarkable occurrence took place on the Doo at Oonnah's Quay, near Ohoilcr, recently. The tide flowed at 10 minutes to 7-0 m., and after two hours' ebb it began to flow again, and rose to a height of 3ft., when at half-past 0 it ebbed again. The pilots, depending upon the tide to come up the river, were exceedingly puzzled by the remarkable event. English society is successfully combat- ing the system of late hour parties, which in the long run proves so detrimental to feminine boan ty. The London leaders of fashion have introduced a series of entertainments called " Cindorollas," which being interpreted, means parties that opd exactly at 12 o'clock. Commander Schley, selected to command the Greely Arctic relief expedition, is 44 years old, of small stature, but of great strength and power of endurance. He is a native of Maryland, has had 13 years of active sea service in almost every portion of the world, and has never been on the sick-list since he entered the navy. , , ^ builders of machinery and machine tools are rapidly substituting low steel for refined iron in the parts of machines subjected to strain, and yet requiring stiff- ness. Low stool is extensively . tired in drop forging, and for many objects in preferred to Norway or Swedish iron. It will bear as soft hooting, leaves eleanor lines, and is superior in stiffness, although it is exceedingly tough and fibrous, The Liberte says it has reason to believe that M. Paton to is instructed to place the kingdom of Annam under the direct protectorate of France, and in furtherance of this project he is to arrange for the Front eli ResIdent bt Bus to take a pre- dominant share in the financial and political administration of the country. The special object of M Potonûtro's mission to China is to effect a delimitation of its Franco-Chinese frontiers. More than 10,000 signatures have been obtained to petitions against the proposed abolition by the War Office of the High land feather bonnet, the head dress so long worn by the various Highland regiments. A large number of petitions have been signed by Scotchmen and others in England, but the majority of the 10 signatures have been obtained, in Glasgow, Edinburgh, and other parts of Scotland. The Catholic directory for 1881 reports the number of the Roman Catholic clergy in England as 2,176. Scotland added six to her clergy during the past year. The number of churches, stations, and schools in Scotland and England increased 5l per! cent, during the past 12 months. England has one archbishop and 14 bishops. Scotland two archbishops. Since the death of Archbishop Strain last July Edinburgh is vacant. In the course of one year in the Municipal Laboratory of Paris, 3,361 samples of wine were examined, and more than one half found to be bad, while 202 were positively dangerous. Of 1,03. samples of milk and cream 542 were bad, and of 71 samples of preserved (fruit) no fewer than 25 were found to be dangerous. Of 92 samples of water 63 were pronounced I dangerous. The value of public-houses in London may be judged by the following circumstances. Opposite the Mansion House stands a dingy little tavern, the demoli- tion of which is desired in order to effect local improvements. But the proprietor is unwilling to part with it, for it brings him, in the shape of rental, an income of £3,000 a year. The New York Mirror, neatly and with the utmost refinement of expression, states its grievance against English pro- fessionals as follows: - "They come amongst us with no other purpose in view than to collar all the shekels they can and then sail back to Albion with their fingers to their blooming roses." Cincinnati ballet girls are apparently well up in years, and are not ashamed of the fact. A number of them recently attended a jubilee performance of; an actor who had been fifty years upon the stage, and presented him with an address referring in flattering terms to his debut, which they all remembered was very successful. One of the highest compliments Edwin Booth, the American actor, over received was paid him by an old negro woman, a family servant, who went to see a performance of Richelieu during Booth's visit to Savannah. Giving her impression of the play to her mist rose next day, she expressed the greatest concern for the health of the actor. "Poor old man," said she, he can't last long day cough '11 carry him to his grave, hush !" The Irish Roman Catholic priests have practical heads. Each one in the diocese of Galway has bought 10 shares in the Irish Land Purchase and Settlement Co., which is to settle Irishmen in their own country, and prevent them from emigrat- ing. But will the new tenants consent to pay rent to the company ? If yes, then ¡ why not as well pay it to the present landlords ? Echo answers " Why ?" I When Van Amburg's circus was in Bothvillo 13 years ago, the tent was blown [ down in a squall, and about 40 persons , injured. The other day Van Amburgh i visited Bollvillo again with his show, and I advertised that he would issue free tickets to those injured in the slow-down of 13 ' years before ; but, alas for the merciless ravages of time, only 320 of the 40 survived to apply for the complimentary. Pays London World Any one who desires to see Ritualism in full bloom should go to St. Agnes', Kennington park. It is a large and spacious church, and at the High Celebration of Palm Sunday it was crowded, the men being quite as many as the women. The Bishop of Bombay, vested in a main front copy, and not wearing the ordinary .V1IM>.I"> 0 episcopal robes, was there. The people not the clergy-knelt on masse, not only at the mention of the Incarnation in the Creed, but in the Gospel, and joined heartily in the service and the immense number of hymns interspersed in it. Everyone was presented with a palm on entering the church, and those in the Eudlo aisles with a primrose and a second edition of palms. There was a procession of palm, and the ritual of the Communion Office was to the un- initiated quite incomprehensible., the// a, ; At the late examination of a country grammar school, clergyman said that boys were of ton 'So excited when under- going an examination as to spoil many good papers by the most curious blunders. For instance, a boy, in answer to the question, " Suppose Queen Victoria had Bodin childhood, who would have suc ceeded to the English throne?" wrote her oldest son." ' '', I J j Illa Moniteur Oriental, way of Constantinople, the official organ of the Porte, to views the reign of Leo XIII., and declares that he his been' victorious by reason of his " truly marvellous activity, at once wise, prudent, and strong ". All the Powers are bending, the ¡roi/'Bismarck even going to? Ganosas." ' '' We doubt," it concludes, " if there has ever been in history a Pontiff more universally venerated by the faithful, or with a higher 'place in the esteem of princes and people than Pope Leo) XIII., gloriously, reign Ing-" i -i , "Help," the dog collector of the Orphan Fund of the Amalgamated Railway Servants, was run over by passenger train at Middléaburgli,' on the 20th February, and killed. He collected 1500. on his trip to France. The dog (a Scotch I collie) was trolit)edito offices of charity". by one of the guards of the ' night-boat' train on the London, Brighton, and South Coast Line. to aosmod'(¡boroughly'to, appreciate the usefulness of, his career, and never lost an opportunity of adding to his employers' income. , Mu In amusement has been created in the UciiBO of Commons by the discovery of the manuscript of an undelivered speech on the Reform Bill, accidentally dropped by a member, in addition to a verbatim report of the remarks which the gentleman intended to offer. The manuscript was plentifully interspersed with " hear, hear," *. cheers," and "laughter." The report was apparently prepared for a local newspaper, and the circumstance is regarded as throwing some light on the interminable length of speeches in the House of Commons. The St. Stephen's Review, a Oonior vative organ, more characterised by Bcurrility than by brilliancy of writing, has pandered to the prevailing primrose mama by publishing what it calls a primrose number. This is partly illustrated with views of Hughenden, and also contains ' some very gushing poetry about Lord Beaconsfield. One of the signed article is from the pen of Sir Samuel Wilson, whose sole right to express an opinion about the great departed states- man apparently lies in the fact that he happens to reside at Lord Beaconsfield's country soon. Sir Samuel's article is a remarkable production, for not all the combined talent of Oxford and Cambridge could ascertain the meaning of some of his curiously convoluted son fences." There is an English clergyman the Rev. H. L.' Young, of Portsea whose ideas concerning the stage are remarkable in these liberal times. ' Mrs. Billington, the well-known actress, (delivered a recitation at a local entertainment in aid of a Young Men's Christian Association. The Rev. Mr. Young thereupon, said that when people had to engage an BCtrcBS-as he believed Mrs. Billimrtbi'i1 to be to give humorous recitations, under the auspices of a Christian Association, he believed it was time to expunge the word " Christian" from the title of such case- ' emotion. A Christian Association had no right to provide no worldly an entertain- i ment as that for the young, whose consistent course after that would be to frequent the Theatre Royal. When Mr. Anderson put a question to the Under-Secretary for Foreign affairs concerning Monte Carlo (the Daily News says'), he mentioned the fact that three suicides and one assassination had occurred within a period of seven days. Since his (question was put, he has received a letter from a gentlemen at Nice, stating that since the 1st of January there have been no fewer than 16 suicides and two assassinations, besides robberies and other crimes. Mr. Anderson's correspon- dant also states that several newspapers ' published in the district are subsidised by the tables in order to keep things quiet. It' appears that the party opposed to Monto Carlo have been grcatlyoncouraged by the apparent determination of the Italian Government to use its influence for the suppression of this horrible place. The following is an extract from the critique of an American gentleman upon I Hamlet :-" There is too much chiming in the piece. The author is behind the times, and seems to forget that what we ¡ want nowadays is hair-raising situations and detectives. In the hands of a skilful playwright a detective would have been put upon the track of Hamlet's uncle, and the old man would have been hunted down in a manner that would have excited the audience out of their Number Elevens The moral of the piece is not good. The scene where Hamlet says his mother is a very bad example to the rising generation, and it is not improved when the dreary old ghost comes in and blows him up. Our advice to the author is, a little more action, a little more gurgling taffy, and a fair share of variety business in his next piece. In the specialty arts of the play scenes he has entirely missed his opportunities. The Moscow Gazette and the Journal de St. Peta song is very pressing in their advice to Kurspo to stem the advancing tide of revolution and Socialism by international co-operation against dynamite ' assassins. M. KatkoiFB organ attacks the right of asylum uphold principally by England, and insinuates that by maintain- ing this doctrine England has aided and abetted in many revolutionary disorders { in other countries. The reported intention of the English Government to ad- I dress the United States Government with respect to the fabrication of dynamite in America for murderous purpose of in- the United Kingdom has naturally roused the hopes of the Russian advocates of the international interference, and encouraged them to believe that England, for her own safety, or through inter- nat moral compulsion, will be obliged to relinquish her cherished right of refuge to political fugitives. The Russian Press follows the revolutionary troubles and Fenian outrages of other countries very closely, and it is not at all chary of its comments and opinions in regard to them. But scarcely a word ever appears in its columns as to revolutionary doings in Russia herself. At the Lambeth Police Court recently a young man of respectable appearance came before Mr. Chance, and said, "Your Worship, I want you to help me about my young woman." Mr. Chance-I will if I can ; but it is rather a strange request. Let me know more about it. The Applicant- Well, I am engaged to be married to a young woman living at Peak bars. On Tuesday night I went to her house to see her, but she was not at home. After hunting about from one place to another I found my young woman in company with another man drinking together. What am I to do ? I have promised to marry her, and if she is keeping company with another man I don't feel inclined. Mr. Chanco-But how can I assist you ? If your woman acts in such a way you will have very little difficulty in breaking off the match. The Applicant. Yes, sir ; but they don't let me marry her. Mr. Chance,: I have the tip., in ; no power in the matter. It is in your minds as to whether you perform your promise or not. The Applicant : I thought you could have given me an order, so as to prevent my being; married, as she went out with another man. Mr. Chase You appear to be rather simple in such a matter. I fancy you are afraid of a breach of promise case against you ; but if you can prove what you have stated to me, you need not, fear. The Applicant : Very Well ; then I need not marry her Mr. Chance : Certainly not. The Applicant : That's all right He then left the court, evidently vary greatly satisfied; A good story from Milan, Italy. A young nobleman of this city, of marriage- able ago, and master of a fortune of 4,000 dols. a year, not long ago came to the conclusion that it was time for him to look out for a wife. 'Bis , pursuit' in life not being of the most strenuous char motor, he had leisure to oorabineramus'o ment with research,) Accordingly he advertised Lia want, in a Milanese newspaper, requesting that every answer to the advertisement might be accompanied by the portrait of the lady who replied. A collateral result of the notice was that two or three of the boat photographic artists of the city had more work on their hands than they could attend to. The direct result was 65 lotions, with as many maidenly1,countenances as, would furnish a good-sized album. The, answers were in some cases accompanied by parental certificate, setting forth in touching language the charms and virtues of the daughters! 'Embarrassed by a choice of such unexpected variety, and desirous to gratify that sense of humour which even the serious'nlitmo'of his quest could not repress the young' man, replied to each of his correspondents that, before coming to a final decision','.!), personal not exactly interview, but inspection would be of advantage To each of the ladies, of course without the knowledge of the others, he sent a ticket for an orchestra Stall in the Scala Theatre, announcing that he himself would be in a particular box, the number and situation of which he stated. I A few evenings later the theatre-going public of Milan were perplexed to 'explain the appearance of one of the rows of stalls in that immotiBO building. A long line of beauties, in toilets of extreme 'elegance, ' unbroken by a Bingley black coat, was observed, furtively, and with trepidation, did Noah damsel from time to time raise her opera glass to the box-the cyno- sure of so many bright eyes in which the graceful youth rop 'sod. auspiciously and with darkened brow did each damsel turn to the long file of her neighbouring and wonder at the magnet them which, drew, each glass to the one central post.' By-and-bye the audience, to whom some hint of the secret has leaked out, began to give audible signs that they enjoyed the joke. The sporadic daughter of the theatre increased the confusion of the young ladies, and the con- tagion of fun turned the sporadic north into a general roar. At this point our Milanese correspondent drops a veil over the scene, concluding his narrative with the trumpet call, " Daughters of Eve, revenue !" I question if that young man will got married in Milan. The now editor of the London Times is Mr. G. E. Buckle, who is about 30 years of age. He went up to New College with a Winchester scholarship 12 years ago, and his Oxford record is evidence alike of industry and of varied attainments. f 'He went in, we believe, for two schools in Moderation, and subsequently obtained two first classes in "great" (cWsics and history as well as the Newdigate Prize Poem (on Livingstone), and a Fellowship at All Souls'. Mr. Buckle hid..not.long>taken his degree when he was offered an important post on the Manchester Guardian, and the confidence in his future which he showed by refusing this offer was soon justified by his appointment as assistant editor under Mr. Chenery. Mr. Buckle has now the a chance of a great career before him, and everyone will hope, in the interests of English journalism, that he will make the most of it. Agent Mr. Buckle's appointment the St. Stephen's Review remarks : £2,000 per annum for the great editorial seat which Mr. Buckle now fills, vice Mr. Chenery, does not seem a very grand scale of pay. It is a position which many Ministers, especially unpopular Ministers, might envy, and with reason, but the emolument is beneath contempt, considering the interests involved. L Why, the mere turn of a sentence in a leader is even now powerful enough to cause a panic on the Stock Exchange. Yet, Mr. Burnand, who is responsible for what appears in Punch-and the responsibilw is a heavy one-receives £1,000 ; while a certain scribe, whose name is a household word everywhere, can, when he feels disposed, earn £60 to £70 per week certain. The annual meeting of the Salvationists was held at Exeter Hall on April 23, "General" Booth in the chair.- Mr. Booth gave a long address, in which he congratulated his adherents on the suc- ccs of the " army " during the past year. The number of corps had increased from 446 in January, 1883, to 748 in April, 1884, while the officers numbered 025 more than last year. As to the rank and file, no reliable statistics were forthcoming, but Mr. Booth claimed that hundreds and thousands of drunkards and other reprobates had been converted, and he believed that about a million had been brought to the penitent form," although they had not all been converted. With regard to finances only a " paltry " £32,000 had been given to the Army by " outsiders," but the local corps in the United Kingdom had raised among themselves £180,000 ; £72,000 has been turned over in the " trade " department at headquarters ; loans and gifts had been received amounting to £70,000 and the income from abroad was £71,800. Altogether he reckoned that about £400,000 had been collected by the " army " and expended on the War Cry, uniforms, officers, rent, etc.; while £00,000 has been spent in the acquisition of property." They were, however, often in very great want of money, and he asked for a relief fund of £10,000 to be provided within the next 28 days. With regard to the future, he did not know what the " army " might do. Perhaps 'it might be turned into a sect, and as there were so many it would not matter much about one more or less. Perhaps they might amalgamate with some other sect, and he could not fancy any Church swallowing the Salvation Army. In conclusion, Mr. Booth begged very earnestly for funds. Perfect Health Restored Without Medicine, PUHOlhU, OR. KXFKKBK. TV BARRY'S DELICIOUS Kitai.hnta Arabica Food cures Dyspepsia, Indigestion, Constipation, Consumption, Diarrhoea, Dysentery Acidity, Heartburn, Phlegm, Flatulency, Feverish Breath, Nervous, Bilious, Pulmonary, Glandular, Kidney and Liver Complaints, Debility, Cough, Asthma, Typhoid, Scarlet, Gastric, Enteric, and Bilious Fevers, Diphtheria, Whooping Cough, Measles, Cholera, Impurities and Poverty of the Blood, Ague, Nausea and Vomiting after Eating-, during Pregnancy, and at Sea, Eruptions, Sleeplessness, Dropsy, Paralysis, Noises in the Ears, Atrophy, Wasting In Adults and Children. 37 years' invariable success with old and young, even in the most hopeless cases 100,000 cures, including those of H.H. the late Pope Pius IX , the late Emperor Nicholas of Russia (Mr. H. W. Stanley, the African Explorer, saved '220 of his men from inanition), the Marchioness of Britian, Lord Stuart de Decides. Drs. J. W. Gunst, F Milner, Charles F. Eichler, Charles Muller, M R died, of Sydney, of Drs. Ure, Winzor, Shorland, Itouth, etc, of London. Four times more nourishing than meat, and assimilating when no other food will keep on the stomach ; it saves CO times Its cost in medicine. Suitably packed for all climates. Sells in tins of Hb., 4s. 8.1. ; 2lbs , 8s ; Gibs , 18s. 8d.; 12lbs , 42s 8d. Also, the Revalenta Biscuits, lb , 1s 8d ; 2lbs , 8s. Du lunn y ii Co (Limited), No. 77, Regent-street, London, W. and at all Grocers and Chemists. Depot In Melbourne, Felton, Grimwade: Christchurch and Dunedin, Kempthorne, Prosser & Co ; Brisbane, Elliott Bros, and Co.; Wellington, Felton, Grimwade b Co -, Adelaide, Faulding & Co.: Ulladulla, Walker and Greig; Sydney, Elliott; Sou), Pitt-street : also of Gibbs Bright & Co., in Melbourne, Sydney, Brisbane, and Dunedin oisso-28-8-8« CATAitiur or The Bladder Stinging irritation, inflammation all Kidney and similar Complaints cured by " Bucuu-palba." Moses Moss and Co., Sydney General Agents. 