A Honeymoon Adventure. j By A. Q. j Chapter Vllt. I Will, when he came in and heard of Jane Barnard's visit, and what she had said, was inclined to jeer and pooh-pooh, and to laugh at Bertha for having allowed herself to be made uncomfortable by such ' a pack of stuff and non sense.' The incident metely anoyad him. ' A poor de mented creature, who Isn't acconntable for what she says and dees— of couae she believes it all like gospel. If it had not been for her— — ' Then he paused ana looked at his i wife very hard, with a dawnine triumDh in his face. ' What is it ? ' she inquired quickly. He clapped his hands with sudden vehemenoe. ' I've got it ; I see it all cow ! ' he exclaimed. ' Why, she's at the bottom of it, of course! It's as plain as a pikestaff ! She, who had been used to going to the east wing to meet her lover, and who knew tha house so well, was the ghost that haunted ;the place after he was dead. That fancy of hers for hauling about the Chase, thinking she would see him— her biain was affected by her trouble, of course, and it was a most natural delusion. Why, what fools they must have Lean not to guess that that was the explanation of it ! Of , course she knew a dozen ways into the house, and would creep into it at night to go upstairs to the room where he and she had been used to being together; and, as no one eke would go near it after the murder, the servants would only seeher in gloom and distance, not dose enough to dis tinguish who she was. No doubt she took off her shoes so as to make no noise. Mad people are 'the most cautious and cunning in the world.' ' I don't think she's mad, Will.' ' My dear girl, how could a woman — in theQcondition ahe was in, too— see her lover's brains knocked out before her very eyes, and by her own father's hand, without going mad ? Answer me that.' Port ha could sot answer it, of course. 11 irhe lu^e lost her wits, Mr*. Wyndham Bays, £ do&'t i \ : : 4 see bow anything else mi to be expected. And her mind rune on Edward Montfort— it iB always bo in such cases ; and therefore she has been continually going np to the house where he lived and where it all happened, and, no doubt, getting inside whenever ehe could. And those fools of servants and Lady Sarah, who must be as silly as they, catching sight of her, and not being able to account for her being there, take her for a ghost! Upon- my word, the hu juours of an English village are very diverting. They are not half done justice to.' ' But old Morgan, the butler, when he saw her, followed her upstairs into the east wing, and positively asserted that she disappeared, and that yet there was no hole or cnraer that could have hidden or given egreBS to a being of flesh and blood.' ' Now, Bertha,' eaid her husband, standing squarely before her, ' just answer mo one question. Do you believe j in ghosts or do you not ? ' . ?' 1 do not, of course.' I ' Very well. Then consequently there was a place where she got out or where she was able to hide in. That house has many a dark corner in it that Morgan mayn't know of.' ' He has been in the family since he was a page boy.' ' I daresay. But the house is hundreds x-f years' older ! than he is. And that young couple, fossicking about for a place where they could carry on their little games without I attracting notioe, probably came upin a secret recess or I somethiEgy built for the wild times when the Montforts had to look sharp for tbe safety of their heads, or' to hide their 1 treasure from marauders, which may have been unknown to anybody for centuries. Secrets of that sort bad to be secret, I you know, and f o conld very easily die with the two or three who possessed them.' - ' I see)' said Bertha thoughtfully, much struck by the genius as- by the reasonableness of this hypothesis. 'But the polioefnen says that every panel in the walls has been tested, with' an express view to finding oat the ^hollows be hind them. All the people who didn't believe in ghosts believed in a secret chamber— until they found that there wasn't suoh a thing.' ' Oh, they're not so sharp as they tbink they are, those policemen. Those old hiding places we'r'nt made so that the first rural constable could lay his finger on them — don't you believe it. At any rate,' concluded Will, ' I am perfectly sure in my own mind that Jane Barnard was the gnoBfc.' And we may as well state here, as later on, that Mr. Ardley was right. It was Jane Barnard whose appearance in the east wing in the dead of night had scared servants and family out of the house. But, though he considered he had solved the mystery, there was still a good deal left to be discovered. 'And what about the light in the window?' inquired Bertha. ' I wouldn't swear tbat I saw it, but I am per fectly sure and certain that I did. And if I didn't, no end of other people — ' ' I know, I know,' interrupted Will. ' Of course that is she, wandering about inside. She strikes a match to find her way when it is too dark. If they would take and put her into ah asylum, poor soul, there' d be no more lights in the window, they'd find.' 'But, Will, everybody says that since the house was left no one can get in. The downstairs windows are all barred and fastened, as if it were a gaol, and tbe doors too. I never saw such doors ; bank Bates are nothiog to them.' ?' But don't you see, my dear, she might possibly have a duplicate key. Don't forget that her lover was the son and heir, and she the housemaid. The necessities of the case demanded an irregular use of keys. No doubt he gave her one, and ehe has got it still.' ' Ah,' murmured Bertha, with a clearer brow and a sigh of relief. It did seem as if everything was now explained. ' How cleiver yon are 2' she said, with a reverent upward gaze at her lord and master, who, to tell the truth, was not a little proud of hie perspicacity. - - That night they set off to the Chase in their own buggy, which was well packed with comforts of all sorts (such as money can command even in remote villages, whether shops are there or not) ; and any fears that tbey might have had as to the result of their enterprise were entirely set at reBt. ' It is not the district; foi thieves,' said Will (there being 10 longer any reason to assume the propinquity of such persons) ; V there have been no disturbances here for years, Wyndham says. I he landlords are good fellows, aud the peasants are not badly off, as things go, and are as peaceable a lot as you will find now-a-days. A little poaching, that's all ; but poaching is winked at, and there is no need to hide from justice on that score. We shall have a quiet night. Bertha, if the rats and mice don't disturb us. ltather good fun, too; something out of the common, eh? You must write a full account of it to yourmotheraud sisters. They'll think it no end romantic.' ' Poor . Jane ! She won't come up to-night, I suppose, if she thinks we are here.' ' No ; it's an awful pity she's got wind of it, but I sup pose you can't keep 'people from gossiping in a little hole like this, where they have nothing else lo do.' ' Nor anywhere else,' said Mrs. Ardley. ' However, if we sleep here long enongh we shall find her out in time. We can make a very comfortable camp, a deal pfeasanter than any inn ; and I don't think Mr. Montfort will hinder us. The old fellow will be very glad to get his ghost laid, I take it, for it's the ruin of his property at present.' The hohses went spanking up the Chase at their best speed, as if delighting in the longest stretch of even turf that they had ever felt under their feet, starting the tame park deer: and sending them crashing into their coverts to right ana left, as the light hoofs and noiseless wheels flew by. 'Night was coming on fast (for Mr. Ardley had delayed the expedition till the last moment, in order to avoid any open fuss being made over it), and with the night a heavy storm that had been slowly gathering during the sultry day. The slaty thunder clouds, riven with red lightning, were rolling up so quickly and darkly, and the brooding murmur in the air swelling into a roar so loud and close, that Che pair of well-drilled trotters were for onoe per mitted to break into a gallop in order that Bertha might not risk a wetting to the skin as a preliminary to her vigil in the haunted house. They reached their ;destinatioa just as the rain began, and found the constable and the gamekeeper awaiting -them, cowering under a tree not too cloEe to the house, and looking far from happy. They helped Will to unharness his horses and put them and the . trap under shelter in the empty stables and coachhouse, and to carry tbe contents of the trap into the dim entrance-hall, the stone floor of whioh clanged soeerily to the tread of their hobnailed boots. Will enticed them to come inside until the heaviest of the rain was over, and gave them some brandy from Ids flask, and a statement of his opinions— the former of which they re ceived readily, and the latter witl considerable reserve. ' Unfortunately, sir,' said the constable, ' Abel Howe, here, has seen the light in the window with hia own eyes, when Jane Barnard has been, to his' certain knowledge, miles away.' ' That's co,' added Abel Rows. 'I don't believe it,' retorted Will testily ; 'and I think you are a pack of fool®, the whole lot of you.' Both constable end gamekeeper accepted the accusation meekly, and when the rain held up a little retired to a snmmer-house in the garden. Will toned the ker on them with a vindictive, wrench, . triumphing, in the reflection that they had cnt themselves off from the support of his courage, companionship, and revolver; and then he and Bertha proceeded to make themselves as comfortable ascircum stanoes permitted. They lit a bright hand- lamp in one of the downstairs rooms that still.had sufficient furniture in it to be habitable — a table and some chain and a huge settee ; and then they took a light supper from their provison basket (Will insisting on giving Jus wife a ' nip '. from the flask also); and they chatted until their spirits rose and they were in a' condition to defy the wont that man or ghost could do. ' Now we'll go to bed,' said Will. ' You are quite sure jou are not frightened. Bertha P ' ' Not the least bit, dear,' ehe replied serenely. ' That's' right, my bnve girl. Come along, then ; and look carefully where you go.' As they passed out of the saloon into the great central hall, thry saw that the rain had cleared off and that the moon was shining gloriously — pouring in through the em blazoned windows, and .throwing pit terns of the diamond* latticed casements on the floor. 'How light it is!' whispered WOL 'Let's blowout the lamp before we go upstairs. Ion have the matches, haven't you ? ' (He was himself laden with bedclothes anl a dressing-bag, bnt kept his right hand free.) ' Yes, Will.' ' All right. Follow me as quietly as you can, and keep a good lookout.' Chapter IX. ' Oh ! ' / ' Huah-eh-sh ! ' They were creeping along the corridor in the east wing, laving climbcd the shallow oaken stairs that led up to a gallery surrounding the hall, and taken a general Burvey theiefiom along the broader b'droom passages and over the balustrades into the bedrooms below. A good many sounds bad Mien upon tbeir listening ears— the ere iking and tracking of old boards under their feet, the scampering of mice behind the wainscots, the moan of wind in the chimneys and kejho'es, tbe rattle of loose casements— all emphasised and magnified in the echoing stillness and vaEt emptiness of the deserted bouse. But they had heard no stealthy foot steps, nor sweep of ghostly garments, nor anything that they couldn't account for, until— suddenly they both stood motionless, arretted in the selfsame moment, and Bertha uttered tnat involuntary and impressible exclama tion which Will immediately suppressed. What was it P A sound that, if it was anywhere outsiie their own imagination, was inside the haunted chamber, the door of which was (or ought to have been) locked, Will carrying the key in his ° pocket; and it was not a sound of wind or mice tmB time. It was a heavy, rumbling noise, as if someone was dragging a solid but smooth piece of fur niture over tbe floor — very like the description of the earth tiemorsof which the newspapers had lately been so fall. A distinct vibration was communicated to the pair, who were as yet some dozen yards from , the spot whence the move ment seemed to proceed, the air being at the same time filled with a muffled hum, swelling for a moment ani then ceasing suddenly,', leaving the deadly silence as before.- It might have been an earl hquake-^they were occurring pretty frequently and in the most unusual localities ; or it might have been thunder, for the storm had by no means passed away, though the rain had ceased for the moment. But Will and Bertha did net think of these possibilities. ' It is that girl again,' said he, softly dropping the bed clothes where he stood and feeling for his revolver (lest it should happen not to be that girl). ' Light the candle quick. She has got in before us.' Bertha lit the candle in a moment, whispering plead ingly, 'Be careful; oh, do be careful! Don't hurt her, Will ; don't frighten her ! ' ' All right,' he whispered back ; and he turned the heavy handle of the door, expecting to find it unfastened. But it was not. It was just as be had left it. He took the candle and, stooping, peered into the keyhole, and saw that no key obstructed it. 1 hen he snatched his own from bis pocketj wrenched it round in the lock, and threw the door wide open. No one was tbere. The room was silent and empty of everything save what they had themselves put into it, each article standing where it had been placed— «s they noted immediately, having taken the precaution to mark the po sition of all before leaving in the afternoon; Nothing had been touched. They stood for a moment just within the door, which, having brought in tbe bedclothes, they close! and locked behind them, staring intently up and down end from side to side; then, holding bis wife's hand, Will ap proached the fireplace cautiously and looked up the wide shaft of the chimney, holding Ihe candle high above his head. ' Nothing there,' he whispered. 'What could it have been?' faltered Bertha, whose heart was beating rather loudly. ' Thunder, I expcct. It must have been thunder.' ' It didn't sound like thunder, .Will. It stopped too suddenly.' ' Couldn't have been anything else,' he insisted, with some impatience ; but he still prowled about uneasily. ' If any of the village people are watching the bouse,' said Bertha, aa she placed the lamp on her extemporised dressng table, not far from the big window, ' they will say the ghost is here to-night, anyhow.' ~ ' Blow it out,' replied Will quickly, himself extinguish ing the little flame ss he spoke, ' Let's watch for an hour or eo ; the moan is light enough for anything, and it's aa well to lie low until— hark ! ' They stood motionless, listening. The recess encircled by the window was flooded by the moonlight, each blotch of heraldic blazonry clearly outlined on the sbadow-lattioes between the shaaow-muluonB thrown upon thi bare blackv floor; and the eager young faces were now turnpd' towards, the brilliant outer night, and their backs to th£ haunted gallery and the gloomy house within. They heard'a' low ?? cry in the garden, just beneath them ; 'then voices, one' shrill and complaining, and others gruff and peremptory — the voices of human beings certainly and not of ghosts. 'Did I not tell you?1' cried Will, starting forward. ' There ehe is ; I knew it, I was sure of it ! She has been in here, and she got out of the window when die heard us coming.' ' Out of the window !' echoed his wife. ' My dear Will, do look where the window iB— 30 feet up in the wall at lfast, .and projecting into the air, with nothing under it but : alone pavements! How in the world could anyone get out except to certain suicide ? ' ' She might have had a i ope or something.'' ' She might ; but if she had, she could not heve taken it w-th her— neither could ehe have fastened this window ou the inside after Bhe was out. Look, both the catches are in their sockets.' ' In the lower compartments of the window there were two casements that opened outwards like doors, and shut with a simple apparatus resembling that which secures the door of an unlocked railway carriage. Will took hold of each of ; the iron handles, and moved it up and down ; one casement would not open, for the rust of disuse and the tight hold of ivy fingers; the other did so easily, but only in answer to j his own efforts. ' No draughts could have blown it shut or i open, and it was shut when he tried it. j ^ ' H — ni,' said he thoughtfully, with compressed lips. 1 41 Then it is very clear that no one has been in the room during onr absence. It was thunder that we heard. But still the girl is out|there, playing the ghoBt, as I was sure she ; did', looking after her sweetheart, I suppose, poor creature. ; That was a woman's voice.' He opened the lattice and leaned out, Bertha finding - room to poke her head-over bis Bhoulder. But while they had been discussing the window fastenings, the voices had withdrawn to a further distance, and the terrace beneath, with its dead leaf drift and its weedy crevioes, was empty. 'Cooey!' breathed Will softly; through the night; and then, remembering that the familiar call might not be un derstood in those parts, he shouted 'Hi! Here, you fel lows, what* s up P ' ! Abel Howe came from the shadows of the shrubbery, climbed the balustrade of the terrace, and stepped upon the pavement, ' It's that gal, sir, Jane Barnard. We found her loafing round, as she's so fond of doing, and when she see us she was took aback like, and made a bit of a noise. But die's gone, now, sir; Bob he's packed her off home again with a flea in her ear. She won't disturb yon no more, sir. Glad we found out who it was, sir.' ' You see I was light,' said Will, -still with his head out of the window. 'I told you it was Jane Barnard.' . ' Yes, sir. All right inside, sir P ' ? As right as a trivet,'' replied Will, heartily. ' Did you light a candle and put it but just now, sir?' ' Of course I did. We like the moonlight best. You'd better come along, you and- Bob.ana sleep up here nearns?' ' Thank you, sir. It's very comfortable outside, sir.' ' Very well. Please yourselves. Good night.' ' Good night, sir.' ' Oh, poor.pcor thing! ' sighed Bertha, when, having shut the window, they eat down near H on the oaken stool, which was wide enough for both ; ' die must have oome up through all that storm of rain, and got wet through and through ! . No wonder she coughs— no wonder die is in a consumption. She is killing herself by indies— no, by yards ; she really must be mad, Will. In fine weather one wouldn't wonder, but on a night like this — -!' ' I most go and see her to-morrow,' said Will, ' and see who has the looking after her. She mnsn't be allowed to goat large, without softie protection and restraint, for her own sake as that of other people's. Shall we go to bed now, dear? 1 don't think we shall be disturbed any more.'' ' If you like, Will. We n^y ss well go to bed as sit np, Ituppoie.' So tbey lit their lamp again, made their bed, and un dressed. Will opened the door to take a last look into the corridor, end before he shut it laid a piece of. 'paper over the outer, keyhole, and stuck it down with some strips lorn from the edge of a sheet of postage stamps which he happened to have in his purse. Then he closed and locked it inside, and placed the key by the bedside, along with candle and matches and the loaded revolver ; and they extinguished the light, and Bertha crept into the welcome shelter of her husband's arms. Chatter X. And when the morning came, there they were, qiite safe and sound. Nothing bad happened to them It could not be said that they bad a quiet night ; they were restless and wakeful, listening, watching, talking, and only sleeping in brief snatches, until the early daylight quenched moonshine and shadows, and it was time to think ot boilingibe pint kettle on the etna for Bertha's cup of tea. The mice did make a terrible noise — but for the testi mony of universal experience, it would have been hard to believe tbat tbey were mice — rushing and raging over the floor, and scratching and squealing behind the wainscot in that tremendous manner. But experience pronounced tbem micc — or rats. And their human auditors blessed them in n ore or lets fervent language, without feeling any necessity to light the candle. Alter they had become a little accustomed to the racket, which, however inimical to rest of body, had perhaps a tranquil effect upon the mind, with its familiar domestic associations, the young pair fell into tbeir first sleep. Tbey thought they had closed their eyes for five minutes, but bad'reaily been in the land of di'eams 1 for an hour or moie, when first Bertha, and then her hus band, awoke to a *cma-ioti of fiomSWfiTg'hQvifig happened ' duiicg their oliFcnce. There was a subdued creaking:, as when one tries to open a door or window without being beard— a little cracking noise, then silence, then another craok. ' There's someone in the room,'' whispered Bertha, her dry tongue cleaving to the roof of her mouth^ ?' Hush— eh,' breathed Will in her ear; and he drew himself up softly into a sitting posture. The moon was obscurcd at this moment, and the lower end of the long room was too dark for them to see er be seen. Again they heard the creaking noise — a noise that cer tainly badnot disturbed them before they went to sleep— and Will cautiously felt for the matches. He wps not alarmed, but be trembled with the effort that he made not to betray himself by an untimely movement. He managed to secure the match-box without rattliog it against the candlestick, and to open and close it without the faintest tinkle ; end then he sat up in bed with a match in his hand, ready to strike the instant be heard the creaking sound again. Presently it was repeated, and, with his straining eyes fixed upen the door, whence he believed it to come, he dashed the match upon the box, expecting to reveal the form of Jane Barnard m the act of creeping into the room. Alas ! he dashed with too mueh vigour ; the match-head snapped loudly without exploding, and fell off upon the sheet He did not swear, aE he felt inclined to do, but listened for a moment eagerly. Again there was the creak ing sound, not so lend this time, but continued for Beveral seconds instead of one. He seized and struck another match and held it up, rising on one knee as he did so ; and he Baw that the door was closed and the room unchanged. Be lit the candle then and got out of bed to explore more thoroughlv, Bertha following close behind him ; but the strictest search discovered nothing. The bit of paper was still over the keyhole, untouched ; the chamber of the murder end the adjacent apartments were locked and empty ; the haunted room revealed no sign of any human presence save their own. ' It must have been the mice,' .said Will, locking the dcoi again and bidding his wife go back to bed. ' It was not like mica,' objected Bertha, timidly. ' Well, there's nobody about, at any rate.' So they returned to their pillows, and, listening for a long time, heard no more noises except such as mice ordinarily make in their nibblings at dry wood- work and their scam - peiings to and fro. Bain began to patter down again, and to tinkle upon the window. ?? Peihaps it was the rain,' said Will. ' Perhaps,' suggested Bertha, after long cogitation, ' it was the furniture creaking after being moved and pulled about. 1 bed a wicker chair in my bedroom once that used to make noises the whole night if [I had been sitting in it before I went to bed.' ' Oh, of couise!' assented Will. ' That was it. How stupid not to think gf it before !' And, quite satisfied, he furred over to go to 'sleep. His wife, 7v^ose nerves were hot in a state conducive to repose, lay awalS'fo? seine time longer, andthen she too dozed again; but she- had troubled dreams of ghosts and burglars that startled .her into sudden recognition of the white moonlight and bl&ck; shadows of the haunted room at veiy short intervals. On one of these occasions she crept up ? to Will end whispered his name into his ear. He was ' slUmberir g tightly, ' bht iri a moment checked his audible breathing and brought all bis senses to attention. There was a noise in the air again, but. not the siime noise they bad heard before It was a regular sort of ^pulsation, half a I sigh and half a snore, rising and falling gently and evenly, like the heavy breathing of some sleeping animal ; and it seemed to come from nnder the floor. [ ' If we were in the budi,' said Will, ' I should say it was an opossum. It is exactly like the noise they make in the treeB at night, just outside your' window.' ' It must be a deg,' said Bertha. 'Yes; or — ' he was trying to think of' an English equivalent for an opossum— 'or a squirrel out of the woods.' | ThiB time they were both sure that it was not man, | woman, or ghost ; so Will picked up a slipper and flane it noisily acrosB the floor, crying ' Shoo !' aloud us he did so. Instantly the noiBe stopped ; there was a sound of a stealthy, creeping movement, and all was still. 41 A squirrel,' said Mr. Ardley. ' An old place like this, deserted by everybody for over, half a year, and standing in the middle of those lonely woods, must be alive with wild creatures making a shelter of it. No wonder there are noises.' And so they went to sleep for the last time, and, when the early sunshine streamed into the great window, awoke triumphant and ddighted .over the happy issue of their adven'ure. Bertha dressed provisionally and made some tea— first for her htuband and herself, and then for the two men who had spent the night on the hard boards of the summer house, and whom Will went in search of as soon as he had hurried on his clothes. ' Well, you fellows,' he said airily, ' now that you've got the light of day to reassure you, perhaps yon won't be afraid to come into the house for something not, eh ? Mrs. Ard'ey is brewing you a cup of tea; she thinks you'll be wanting something after all you've gone through. We have been as comfortable and snug as possible.' 'Slept well, *6ir?' inquired Abel Rowe, as he and his companion walked stiffly and with' ill- suppressed yawns towards the house, having returned their respectful greetings and expressed their thanks to the lady for taking so much trouble. 'Never better.' replied Will. ' Didn't you keep awake, sir, to see if anything ? ?' ' Oh, of course 1 did 2 When I say I dept well, I mean that everything was quiet, you understand. The mice made a bit of a noise— that's all. . . » | ' And your ladywasn't frightened, sir?1' 'Not a bit. She isn't one .of that sort. Besides, there was nothing to frighten anybody.'' J And when Bertha; dune downstairs, fresh and smiling, j 'with he^litfie teapot land kettle in her hands, policemen and . gamekeeper Saluted her With a shamefaced sense of her superiority over their craven selves. ' I'll tell you what,' said Will, emptying the remaining contents of his spirit flask into the men's teacups in lieu of. milk, ' I should like to satisfy your minds as well as my own— I should like to prove to everybody that the house is all right before Itakeit. I suppose you wouldn'tmind deep ing with us here to-hight, would you P Now that a lady has not been afraid to do it, with only one arm to defend'her ; and if Ve fcre both here. with you—' The' men exchanged a rapid glance and simultaneously expressed ' their willingness to accede to the proposal. Thfey had been going to offer themselves, they said, if another nightta. watch, was required; and they were not at all afraid. ' They had done their duty outside by dis covering and disposing of Jane Barnard, and there fore they were now free to bestow their .valuable services elsewhere. 'Very well,' ' said Will, 'you shdlhave a shakedSwn in the corridor, just outside the door, which we will leave unlocked, aad I'll give you my revolver, Bob. You had better be up early, so that we toay make all our arrange ments before nightfall. I'll see Mr. Montfort in the coarse of the day, and call in at the lodge if I have anything more to tell you.'. And then he dismissed them to their homes and break fasts, and be and Bertha stayed behind alone and enjoyed themselves in true Australian freedom and independence, roaming about the empty house, feeding and watering their horses, cooking ana serving their own morning repast, picnic-fashion, with no servants to restrain their liberty and ' damp their exuberant spirits. Between 10 and 11 o'clock they were thinking of getting the buggy ready to return to the village, having ran sacked the house and become more in love with it, and more determined to get it if they could than ever, when they heard tbe sound of cantcring hoofs and saw Mr. Montfort himself riding up to the stable-yard. The old gentleman— who had a deep interest in the issue of their night's adven ture—had been unable to restrain bis impatience to hear all shout it. Will w«nt out to speak to him while Bertha hastily cleared away the relics of their breakfast aad put a touch or two to her unfinished toilet, and then he brought him in and introduced him, end the three stayed at the Chase for eome hours more. The squire was what w ca ltd ' a gentleman of tbe old school,' and Mrs; Ardley was cLaiixed with him. He was profuse in his dignified , i eg rets for the discomforts she had undergone, and in his recogLition of tbe obligations under which she and her 4 husband had placed him ; and he was very earnest in his -? ? desire tbat everything should be done to make their second ni^ht as comfortable as possible. He also had long dis- - eussiors with 'Will, as they wandered about the house, re- - lating to landlord and tenant business, and ! the young Austialian intifbated his desire to leaso the property for a 1 short time if satisfactory arrangements could be made— the.irpposal being frankly accepted as convenient and ' . ? gratifying to the impoverished! Owner. He did: not l&jve; mtil r early 1 o'clock, they having excused themselves from eccepting'a polite but not very pressing invitation to lunch at the dower-house; and after he was gone Bertha sug gested tbat, as it was late, and as there waB still food in the basket, they might as well lunch where they were, have a turn round'the grounds, and drive homo at their leisure for . afternoon tea. And they did so, not leaving until about 3 o'clock. As the y spun down the green Chase in their swift vehicle, they met a waggon coming up, loaded with furniture and miscel laneous articles, in charge of the vinegar-faced Morgan and - seme other servants or workpeople. His master, the butler said, in reply to Will's inquiries, bad desired him to see that the place was made comfortable for the lady before - she went back. v — ? ,. ' How very kind !' exclaimed Bertha, as they drove on. ' What a dear, sweet old man ! How nice it will-be to' have such a 'neighbour, Will ! I shall love him, I am sure.' Passing the ? deserted blacksmith's forge, Will gave the reins to his wife, and said he would go in and speak to Jane Barnard. He got down and went to the cottage door, stcod there for a minute in earnest colloquy with an old woman, and then returned with a grave^face. ' She's ill,' said he, 'and in bed— not able to get up. Just what was ? expected, of ceurse.' - — ., ' Oh, poor girl ! Let me go ia and see . her. Will,' ' pleaded Bertha, ' and see if 1 can do anything for her.' 'No, not now. Didn't you 6ee how that old hag slammed - 'the door in my face P They wouldn't like it. Besides, -- there isn't time. I want to make haste bftck to the fchase, now that those people are there.' - — ; {To be continued.) 