COOKATOO PAI'ERS". (BY "BALAAai.'') ;:I determined-to learn to ishear-to ni ieii in my posit'on, the ability 'to 'sh. r a sheep or two,lu an emergency would' decdedly. prove useful. Itlooked so easy too, and as I watched: the young man of the period deftly handling; thue pliant sheep, and pluning his glittering shears amongst the fleecy wool; I lnade up mly mind to acquire the alt. Bhcold me i .then engaged as a learner at a neighboring station; and about to comnmence buIsinces. laving' heard an expert irelmark, that a beginner should alwiays comumcn e with large sheep, I' schceted a colossial animal of the Clydesdale breed, and after a sharp and exciting tussel, got him safely seated upon the board. Paur- ing to take breath, I critically surveyed my capture; who seemed, upon the whole, to be peacefully Inclined ; a Romana nose indicated' temper, and til re was a lurking devil in hin eye, suggestive of latent ferocity. Getting hinm calefully intn positioln I proceed to re move the belly, and succeeded admirably; fot at the very second clip, Idetached a piece [o0 skin about the size of an ordiniary saucer. ll ere was an opportunity not to be neglected; so in the voice of a veteran at the work I shouted "tar." In reply to this m)atic word; sand with marvellous cclerity,.a youth dashed pui, perfornled the ncc?eary slrgical opera tion, theln vanisned like a whirlwind." This was getting on-not a doubt' of it-and vlsionsof a possible future, with yearly i'ips. nacros tile IttMurry, began to'course throtugh ily 'lraint.. A. udden lhlihnge i tile diemeanor ofE mv. vitim, however,' brought m? rudely' backto tie present, whether he meant to re sent 'my appropriating skin and wool both, or whether it was only the natural obstinancy and contrariness of his character coming to the surface, I cannot tell. But suddenly, and without the slightest warning, he stiffened his whole body and limbs into the most per fect imitation of cast Iron, no word can ex press the ser rigidity of tha:t Infernal sheep. To bend his neck was impossible; a screw jack might have taken the kink out of his backbone, but L doubt it. What was to be done? I spoke soothingly to him, and en treated him, for our mutual credit, to unlock his muscular system. I lifted him todily from the board, then dropped him heavily upon that part of his frame where "the tail joins into the small of the back," but no per ceptible result followed. At last, by a sud den happy inspiration, I abstracted another half-acre of skin or so from his stomach, and victory crowned the day. The stiffness went out of him as if by magic, and he I e came once morm a shbeep, possessed of hercu lean strength, and fighting for his life. "They tug, they strain i down, down theygg, The Gael above, Fitz-James below," Mutually sobered by our fall, we again re sumed business, and I essayed to open up the neck. This somewhal nice operation I had seen performed secoresof times, and felt cer tain thst I could accomplish it. :But, alas I for human vanity. My shears became bushed before any perceptille progress was made, I souldn't see where I was going, and had not the ghost of an idea which side of his neck I was masipulating; loose wool was hanging everywhere, and there was no open Country to be seen. Unwittingly I encroached upon his wind pipe, whereupon he commenced to bent with his hind legs upon the board in a manner both wild and horrible. At this juncture the youth with the tar pot came up, and said that lie had instructions to attend exclusively upon me while I remained in the shed. He also remarked that the boss had sent to the township for more tar. 1 asked him if he would put in a shift at my animal while I went for a drink; but the young demon, reading flight in my eye, refused said "iho would be 'blamed' if he did i; ' by eripes' (charminig bush vernacular). How I ever got the wool from off the neck and head I know not; but five and twenty minutes saw mcnegotiatingthe flrstside. I ha signed an agreement forbiding anysccond cuts, and I stuck manfully to it. In somoplacesabout an inch of wool was left upon the animal; In others blood and tar told their own sand story. Whilst proslecitng in the vicinity of his tail I must have nipp, d him rather severly, for with one herculean effort lie broke away, and dashed wildly down the oentre of the shed, streamers of wool floating gracefully behind him. Uttering a hasty prayer for the well being of the sheens-as an animal I bequeathed my shears to she demon boy, and fild in haste to the homestead. There I sought out the proprietor, and requested permissimn to depart, telling him that a telegram had arrived announcing thoe dangerous ilneses of my twin brother. The good hearted pastoral tenant sympathised with me, and I fo't like a villain. He offered to pay for the sheep that I had shorn, but I said it was quite inmaterial -let him give the money to the hospital or found a home for superanuated shearers, anything in fact--money at present was no object, all I wanted was to get away. He acquiesced, and we parted to meet no more. liar from the busy haunts of men, I shall seek out a peaceful home in one of the South Sea Islands, where wool is an un saleable article, and the sheet, is unknown for to look the animal in the face again would be impossible. In that quiet retreat I shall devote the remainder of my life, together with my vast wealth to organising a i"Grand Missionary Exchange Society," the principles and Ipurposo of which will be explained in a future paper. 