THE GIPSY QUEEN. Br "SIDLAWDALB1." Written expressly for tie Christmas Numtar of the Examiner and Tim9s. I vevkh liked Kupcrt Boston, but the anti pathy amounted to loathing as I saw him approach tl*e house. 'Hi pro wus a fierce look nf exultation on iiis faec at* lie dismounted from his horse and took lii» way to the library where'Sir Basil Mcrton sat. I did not go to meet him for I seemed to feel tlrnt there whh tluitl>ctwoen us that made \W enemies. Yet wc were coueiiiB, and lie prolesHod to love me. I told him it whs hojwlutre And warned him tlint my affections were not' mine to ppve, but In; quietly answered iuc tlutt lie would wait and liopc, and tliat lie knew his faithful love would conquer me at lant. Tins was lieforu 1 snetKdwara Strathearn, met hiiunnd pave him that love Ruttert Koxtoti could never win from nie. Then Mr Koxtnn changcd, and 011 Inn few visits to the Glen hid faeo, clouded and moody, interpreted freely the <'vil]nw8iunntlmt raped in l»Sn orenat. One interview ho sought with mo nud i <*on1d not hut pity the Bineere grief, the hitter apnny he neemed to suffer. He rejtriMU'lied me and taunted IUV with fieklcncBt*, avowing that ho would yet win me. ' Minnie Merton, 1 have loved you lnnj?* lu* hissed thronjyh his teeth, 'and had not this lAir'faced »cam]i met you uud captivated you willi hi* soft manner 1 hIiouIi) have won yon.' 1 could not (oil liim that lu» hail ulwayH luvn tvpupuuut to me, mid that neither liim* nor change could make me love him. Kdwurd Strathmtru wns all in all to mcand none other could cvrr touch tny heart. I wtu ?iot alone in my opinion of Ins merits lor my lather Sir llasil weenied to look with approlmtion on hi» unit. He iliil not fori ml it, ami as lie waa conscious of it, 1 felt that lie w»u> not averse to our love. Life seemed a happy dream and everything moulded itaelf to my joy, bul now anil then ii warning voiee seeum! to whinprr ' Vou tire too happy.' Ami tu> the days rolled on ami the time approached when Bdward in tended to seek me liohlly, Poor fellow, lie was not rich und lie dared not go to Sir Basil and ask my hand. All had changed suddenly, however, and the death of a distant relation placed wealth at liiti disposal and removed those HimpJi* of pride whieh made him fear that my father would refuse his diiughter's hand to u |ieniiiIeNs man. Ami hii my future and that of my Kdwaixl looked fair and full of huppi HUBS on the day of which I b]>cak, the day when Uu|>ort rode uj> the avenue and jiasscd into my father's room. Witli his entrance into the house an indotinatc yet heavy weight of woe fell u]N)n me. I knew not its cause and yet it burdened wv, I re;usouud uguinst it and still it would not vanish. Sitting ut the win dow looking far across the fields covered with their white mantle of enow, grief assumed a ]»i1]M)hle shape nml enveloj>ed me even as the snow did the ground. My thoughts travelled to Kdwurd Stmthearn, and I started as 1 pon dered on the look of joy liupcrt's fare had wont. Wax Edward de;ta ? I trembled as J thought of such a jtossihility. A week ago he had left me to visit Hyde and enjoy a few <Jays yachting, but no storm had liccu rejjortcd. ' Foolish child he will eome Ijaek to you in safety/ I strove to Hay to myself, but even as 1 did ao the malignant face of my cousin llupcrt rose ln'fore me. A moment afterwards iny father entered the room alone. Ilia face was very serious, and I knew that my premonitions of evil were correct. He tipprouchcd me and said gently,4 Minnie, am I wrong in thinking that you take a deep interest in Kdward Strathcam.' | * Something lifts hupjiened to him/ 1 cried in terror. 'ies, something terrible has occurred/ he said in a atom voice, and tlicn be told me , the mrticulars of an event that seemed too horrible to be l'eal, but which I WHS forced to Ijelicvo, because I knew that my father scorned to stoop to anything like falsehood. Even now when the clouds of mystery liavc rolled away, I foci a shock of the old horror I exj>erienccd when I first hoard the tidings that Kutvard was dromjed. 1 listened to the words, hut did not seem. tn appreciate tliem, all my . senses were dulled, hut they were soon roused I by p'catcr woe l>ehind. * Yea, Edward Stratheam is drowned my girl/ said my father, and I am very sorry for you if you loved him-and you did love him, did you nut V 1 could not sjteak, but the grief I suffered bore testimony to the love which caused it. ' Are you strong enough to liBteu Minnie ?' my fattier asked after a pause, and then seeing how anxiously 1 waited for his words he went mi, 'liupert Itoxton lias infonnetl me that Mr Strathearo and his relative, Methveu met at Hyde. Methveu, who was deeply incensed at Stratheam Imxuubc he succeeded to the wealth of ccocntric Miss Motbven, took rvety opportunity of insulting Stratheam; the latter for some mysterious reason bore liin contumely in silcucc, nay, at length, took liim out in liis l>oat for the alleged }iurjK>ac of arguing what hiin. AVhot happened during the voyage we only know from tlie two sailors who manned the small yacht Stratheam was usiug. An extended cruise was proposed, and the two young men seemed to Ihj on friendly i terms for some time, until Methven liecame excited by drink, which lie persisted in con suming immoderately, and then the old accusations and reproaches were renewed, and Stratheam was taxed with attempting to sup plant him in tlie good gram of Miss Metlive aud securing tlie wealth which he considered should have fallen to liim. I 'Stratheam would have returned, the boat* | men say, but a gale had arisen, and the frail yacht was driven to sea. In the midst of the danger the reproaches were continued by the drink-uioddeucd Methven, until he overstepped the bounds of Strathearn's patience, and roused an auger as great, if not greater, tlian Ilia own; some words of deadly I insult which 1 cannot rcj>eat to you i maddened the man whom be was taunting, and Stratheam suddenly leaving the tiller, struck Metbven a fierce blow which marie him stagger back, his foot struck against the low bulwarks and he fell overlward. The desertion of his !K>st at the helm was fatal to the yacht in the ieavy sea running and she broached to, a great I wave dashed on botird aud swam]>ed her. Next | moment the two sailors found themselves in : the water. It was night aud nothing could i be seen save the waste of witters, The nailors | BUpjK>rtetl themselves on a spar that had 1>ecu I swept ovcrlmard when the yacht eap*ized and were picked up some five hours later hy a fishing boat in which they reached the shore in safety* hut of the other two no tidings have since lieon heard. The sailors state that as there were several Ixfciis In tiie neighbourhood it is )K)«tiihlc that one or lioth may have heen picked up, but there is little ho)»o 1 am afraid aud lioth young men I fe.arhavci>ecn drowned/ J only realised tluit Edanrd wa* dead T <*>uhl not gather the details. That fact stunned iiic and 1 whs conscious of nothing else. 'Minnie' resumod hy father 'do you under stand thiil if both are not found it is better tliat l*>th should l>e drowned/ 1 looked up affrighted, I could not under stand ' Edward Stratheurn you know was the menus of Methven .going nverlxmrd, aud the p«|>m state that if he were alive he could be tried for murder/ TheTi the full horror of my trial full U|>OII me and I knew the cause of my father's stern muniier. He blamed Edward for Hint tush hlow which hiul l)cen followed by such fatal results. 1 need not dwell upon the agony 1 suffered the thought that he 1 loved was lost to me for over whs terrible, hut fur more fearful WHS tlie knowledge that 1 could not wish him alive. Kupurt, my cousin Kupert, gradually re sumed the intimate relations with the Glen which had liecu interrupted hy the presence of Kdwiml. I saw that lie hnd not given uphoj>e that he could will inc, and alas 1 also observed that my father favored his attentions. 1 knew that in time my jwwr woman's wits would Ik* rfi<fiijrod to struggle against the strong will nf men who came of a race that compiled weaker minds to Itow to tlieir imi>erious desires. ' "J'i« time that you left off tiiouming Minnie' said Sir lhisil iu a petulant humor one day. ' How long am 1 to wait Minnie, have 1 not Item faithful ?' was the significant whisper of Rupert one evening at the piano 1 Do you wish to w««d a ghost, ii memory, in which t/vti have no place' 1 returned. * No/ my cousin answered, ' I desire to marry ynti and flint end I shall attain some day. Why not yield now, cousin? Why mourn fur that man who, if he were alive would long ago have paid the heavy price of his murderous ucliou, uud would at taut have been c&piatiug; liirt crime in some convict prison amidst villtlilldtlti foloilH '(* ' lluport l{oKton,' I said, looking at liitu Willi the contempt 1 felt. 'Von IllUrttfcel Mire of gmning ti tu-iilc when you endanger your suit iti ihi« rummer. J never would haw immetl you had Kriwurd Ktrntheurri no existence, 1 conhl not unirry you when la- was alive and now lie in deait IiSh memory in an great a rival as it' lie *tood lien* just now.' 41 have no fear, lint you will change,' he twill in a low tone, and the expression of his face made my heart sink, i 1 have no fear Imt YOU will elumge,' and the miml! blnek eyes looked into wine, and seemed to willl hut J hliould give way to liis wInIick; I frnred him, 1 fertnil tin1 uncanny acts of which lie so often InmisUuI, the jiowcr lie had of landing the will of others to his own, and taking away freedom of uctioil. There wa» something weirdly terrible in Kujicrts' black ail, us he Itui^hinprly called it, and J trembled a* 1 thought how J might even against my own wish find myself standing beside him lit the nlt-ar. Where can the line between ignorant super stition and scientific inquiry, lietween quuekery and nlmnpe and real phenomena IK? drawn ? Tliis question I aaked myself a« I strolled one day to the village, and stood gazing ut a gipsy woman telling the fortune of a country Iu«s. It wiih not all fair promises that she heard, for 1 saw her turn }>alc and shrink weeping away as the straugc«cycd,daj'k>cou)plcx'inucd woman jntirud her future and tier past into her listen. ing eager uirs, I paused, my sad thoughts overcome, and prised aside by momentary curiosity. The fortune-teller glanced at ine a momout with ail eager quick look, then went on with her divination or fooling, which you will. At length the girl Ituiug satisfied-she looked terrified-the priestess of vulgar modern inugic approached ine and said * Csu I tell your fortune, lady.' J shook »»y head, * Not In that way she said, jointing contemptuously in the direction of the retreating girl. 'Not in that way.' I consented reprouchiug myself for tuy folly, and was led into a tent. Care* fully the canvaa door was closed, and then the woman spoke, 'Give tno your liand/ she said quietly; 'grief is imprinted on yuur forehead, 1 may relieve you. You do not believe in my art, Imt truth may confirm it. We shall be free from interruption here. Do you desire to know . the ]mt>t or the future ? ' lioth are alike impossible' I answered 'if you Hct honestly/ ' Not so laxly I shall not toll you what you wish to know hut you yourself will see and remember wliat you have Been.' I must have looked inci-cduloua for she quickly added. 'Ob, I will not adhere to the ttysteiu you saw me pursuing. That is how wo gain our broad,the other method would frighten most of the coin mim herd. You are hi difficulties, you have trials and troubles, and would be relieved. Are you willing to» trust yourself to tno'r" 1 glanced at her face and something Imde me say yes. * I am glad * ehe aiiKwcmt simply *for 1 desire to do you good/ Sit down in thatchair and think tirst of the past. Test the jiast and you may believe the future. 1 did as she commanded (for it was a com mand) and the incantation or the inquiry liegan. Passing her haud over my facc and hotly holding my hand in hers she made several signs and uiy eyes closed. Then with eyelids closely shut I saw l<2dward as I had seen him last wlieu lie parted from me. A moment more and the scene of the wreck as my father had doicribcd it was depleted on my mind. 7 wiw the blow struck and Methvcn stumble over* lioard. I saw the yacht caught by the gale mid the sea, tremble a moment like a living thing in danger of death and then sway under ueath the waves. 1 saw the Bailors ding to some wreckage,' hut here my vision did liot end as their knowledge did, for 1 saw two fomiB tattling with the wild elements, two forms wide apart, 1 saw Methven picked up"and olwervcd a Itoat rescue Bdward. Of time 1 knew noth ing, but both were saved. I seemed to ace tliat Methvcn was aware of Kd ward's rescue though Ned was ignorant that the man ho had struck was still alive. And then the vision faded away 'Can you presenile your owy cure/ asked a voice, not of me, hut of my mind, and my mind answered ' Yes.' limn rose another picture of the brain, nnd I saw Mips Methvcn as she was in the flesh standing in iter library at Methvcn Hall, She was reading some jtapers and speaking aloud. I seemed to hear what she said,' Here is the will that gives my wealth to Kdward Strathcani, and here the deed that makes Charles Methvcn my heir, Charles has offended me. He is dissolute, and .leads an evil life, yet I cannot forget he is my brother's son. This will in his favor is the latest of the many I have mode, it shall lie in thi#1 drawer until to-morrow, and then I shall tell Charles lie is again forgiven. I saw the will which I knew referred to her nephew, dcjKisitcd in a secret drawer, touched by a spring in an old-fashioned table u-Hh spider legs and gilt (daws. Then the will that referred to Edward was placed -..poii the table. A moment afterwards the old lady seemed to be lying on the carpct, eager hands were aiding her, aud yet all was useless, for 1 knew that she was dead. Then the visions vanished and I found my self looking round the tent in mingled alarm and joy. The gipsy looked at me curiously with a liiilf smile. * What does it mean ?' 1 cried,' Is this witchcraft ?' j 'No witchcraft' the woman answered I quietly 'hut the truth, you have had a waking I dreniu. You have seen some things which are true' I nodded eagerly. And you have jh* haps Itchehl other occurrences that you knew not of V * Here I shook uiy head, hut shecon tinned not heeding my sign of incredulity. ' Let what you saw of the past truth give weight to the ]M*t unknown and !>clicvc it, for I warn you It cannot err/ 'What was the cause of the mysterious mind pictures' 1 cried. 'Tliat I cannot tell' the fortune reader answored, 'sufficient for you Is it to know that you liavc druanit or seen what caunot lio un true,' * Ah, if I eoiihl Iwllovc* 1 cried, a wild rush of joy filling my whole l>eiii£ with Intense happinoRs. ' Ah, if I could only Iwlieve it.' ' Liidy, liurc is paper j note down tho facts of your vision, and should the necessity arise to act upon wluit you huvr* seen, do so without < fall, for time will prove me right, prove my | science correct,' j 1 took the advice of the strange dark-eyed woman, and noted the visions though they were photographed so clearly on my brain that to transi'rilw tliem seemed sujterfltjous. Watch ing mo eagerly the gipsy desired me to show j her what 1 had written. »She road ittheii Imde me detail the facts as I knew them. Thinking a moment she limn wild. . If the two gentle- 1 men wei-c wived from the shipwreck the one in whom you feci an interest is in danger as long a* no tidings nro heard of the other. Mr Stratii eani may 1x> hilling in the fear of nu accusa tion of murder which thu nowspapore stated I Vould hiivt* linen brought, against hhn hail ho ! oscHjied alive/ Hen* she iiecume thoughtful and |»aeed tin1 limited area of the diminutive tent. 'Hut' I s«id 'surely, surely if Methven is j alive lie will not Teiuiiiu hidden. ' Tis hard to tell. Had he much to gain by revealing the foot of Jiis rescue ?' 'Surely no rnwi would allow himself willingly to lio falsely numbered willi tin' duad. S'Tiw impossible.' ' 'Tin not thesccress said excitedly. ' Wus In1 not in difficulties Y* I started mill <i new light seemed to dawn UjMUi me. ' Ah, now J )>oyjii to understand. Ye#, ) heard )u» lmtl calculaU'd on tin* death of his aunt, had Ijorrowcd money on the strength of her fortune, and wus uj pntni straits when lie found that not to him had been left Miss Methvet/s great wealth, I heard thut hi' wilk in daily danger of iwest and had alreiuly striven uiiiuirceasfully to fly the country.' ' Vou have stated reasons sufficient and to spare' the gipsy cried triumphantly. * Tins wreck, thin accident occurred most fortunately for one at leant of those who werv on hoard the yacht. Vet there is another reason for his scheme, do yon not divine it ?' Puzzled and yet trusting in the strange woman's weird knowledge I gave an caper sign in the negative. . Kovcnge' she said in answer to iny sign "Hoveuge could cause Mr Methven's silence as well an his cmluirniHs lucuts would foiw it. As long an he is sup posed to In? dead Mr Strathearn lies under the lure of a terrible accusation and the punish ment due to a capital offence threatens his life, Methveu, remember, according to your dream, your vision, or your second Night, saw that Stratheam WHS rescued, hut the latter knew not that Methven escaped. Can you not imagine that learning tin; fact that MrNlrath eatii was blamed for the accident, Melhven elected to take full and grim revenge on his rival hy pretending to Ik* dead, lie is not dead' she added authoritatively. He is not dead nor is Mr Strathwirn. ' Hut,' 1 said in Ik'wildenncnt, if he pretends to l>c dead it is as had oh if he wen? in reality for you think that 1 Edward/ here I blushed * will Ik? nfruid to divulge his existence terrified lest he lie dragged to an ignominious end ?' Such is my opinion and your aim-our aim, for 1 mean to help you-must Ik* to bring this Mefhveu luck to life, to make it worth his while to acknowledge ulikc his existence and his debts/ ' We Itave no power to do that/ I cried in dc8]mir. ' What does the vision say, the sccoud vision V 'Ah!* J cried, Alight bursting- on me with sudden strength and brilliance. The will, the will hidden in the table. It was of later date than the deed that conferred Miss Methven's fortune, on Edward Htrathearn. If we could only find thut will, we should give Mr Meth ven wealth 'And bring him npecdily hack to hfe/ the seeress answered with u smile. 'Yes you have touched the right chord. Have you tlie strength to follow up the due I have given J'ou, and obtain your lover by taking from him us wealth ?' Doubts again assailed me, could I trust the mysterious pictures which were engraved on my mind hy the will or block art of this woman. What interest had she iti aiding inc. She whs a charlatan, whose whole life was one long imposition and fraud, and yet the dreams could not 1)0 mere coincidences. My wavering thoughts seem to haw Ijeeu rend by the gipsy; ' Listen, she said, you still doubt inc. Understand tliat the aid I give you is not that which I extend to all. I/oug years ago, when you were a child, our hand wandering then on wc wander now, camped in this very spot. 1 had a little girl, my own child, who was sick. Your mother liad com panion on our bard lot; «he treated us not with the contempt and ill usage that wc received from the rest of the world, but with the greatest humanity succoured us in our time of need. My child she took from the | tout pitched here amidst snow and earned to ; her own house, where I was called to nurse her. ! Lady Morton saved my Edith** life, and as I never forget an injury, BO do I ever rcmenilwr an act of kiudness. Do you trust me now P' I could not hut trust her, I had often heard her utory from my mother, mid like everything that she related concerning her, now gone, it had usacred interest for inc. I had often listened to the bile of how the gipsy child was taken from the snow-surrounded tents, and saved from a death that would, have Imen caused by cold and hardships, more than disease. Yes, I could trust this woman now, and my heart tended for joy as T reflected that after all my. Edward lived, and though wandering in fear of detection might with my aid he restored to happiness again. Greater pleasure could there imtbcthantoaidhimtorcturu safely, andbriiig him again to my side. As I stood in tif tent, I resolved that if the power and rcsolRion of a woman could accomplish his release trom all his troubles I would save liim. If you require help do not hesitate to send for me, if at any time you need my aid. You will always hear when I am at the shop of Jacobs, the old Jew, whose address you will find written there,' and she handed me a slip of paper,* My art may aid you yet more in the | future, hut much is left to yourself, and with you rests the power of saving him you love.1 The path loy l>eforc nie rugged, and notcloarly defined, but 1 determined to pursue it. Joy animated my breast as I took my way homeward, already was a plan of action vaguely formed in my mind, and 1 doubted not that if the dream was trucl should succeed, To obtain the will, was the first thing, to hideeverythiiig from the eager scrutiny of my cousin, Rupert, was all imjmrtaiit, and to strive to bring back Edward my chief est aim. And here my heart almost failt.it me. XolJiing but a mysterious thought, perhaps a reverie, taught inc that be was still alive, and where was I to week him, how make search for one whom the law might claim ns its just prey. At last I determined to prosecute my search for the will, first, when that was fouud. James Methven might be brought lwick, and Edwnrd fouud without danger to himself. Some dnys afterwards I rode over to Meth ven Hall to pay an ostensible visit to tho housekeeper, who had been for many years in the service of our family, liefore die went to Miss Methven. Going through tho different rooms I easily led her to talk of tho changes that hod taken place since her mistress's death. At length wo amvod at a room that caused my hoartto boat as 1 entered it, for I recognised the ajmrtmeut in whirh I lmd seen the form of the deceased huLy of Methven Hall. Tho room was not tho sumo, ahu» there had been Home changes wrpught sineo Miss Mfthvcii's death, and among other alterations, the table had been removed. ' The room looks odd to me, Mrs LoMeridge, surely the furniture bus lv?en displaced.' * You have sharp eyes, Miss Minnie/ answered the liousekcojKT, looking at me in nurprittc. ' Very few )M*ople would notice that the old fashioned claw fooled table and a few other things have Ikh*U sent away by order of pour Mr Strntbenrn.' . . Has the old fashioned table teen wild, Mrs Lcttcridge ?' I naked in ns careless a tour as ] could hshuiuc, '1 am wrry, for 1 should bnve likod.illiove all things, XA\ have Ixjught it. My latest hobby, you must know, Is antique furniture/ "Dear mo, how sorry 1 am, 1 thought it an ttglyold tiling, and agrucd with MrStrwthearn when he promised to get Hid of. You might', )wrhaps, get it yet, I win tell you the address of the dealer who l>ougbt it in Bloxbnrgb, Do you know the strauge old IUUU who sella all . 1 kimls of curios in a dingy old shop H strcet-" 1 nodded eagerly, 4 Well IK- bought till' table.* Ami »o I was chocked for the linH'. Hut not discouraged, lor the <»1* the room re vivcd the memory of iny ilivnin, and made il us real us 1 myself was. Hloxhurgh liiy some seven miles from Methvcn Hall, ami eager to complete my work at once I mounted my horrid again, and rode to the town ut a juice that astonihhed tin* ^riwin very much. Hloxburgh reached, I sought out the old curiosity shop, as we used to mil it, and found it itml its owner, as dingy mid re pulsive as ever, I explained my wish to wo the old fashioned table he hod lately Iwnjgbl, and in answer he took mo into an adjacent room, into which the strange {roods had over flowed, 'Here is the table,' said old Stephen Hexie, with a look of curiosity on his fan;, I I did not think that a Imyer would come so BOOH for it; hut* he added, as if fearing to undervalue his goods, . it in n mre old curiosity, mid will fctch a long price in London. An; you not going to well it here* I naked, chagrin and disappointment spreading over my features, not unwashed hy the lynx eyed He.\ief *1 do !H>t m'll il, here he replied, for I bought , it n* an agent only, and not for myself.' 1 ' That its a pity, for I have taken a fancy to it.* 'Ah, then,' said Hexie, gniflly, 'yon will need to buy it at a London price, for ]|havc made iirruugcnients, aud it is a* good as cold. No, young lady,' he said, a suspicious look lowering on hid fac<o, 'that table is not for sale. No certainly not for Hale.' 'I will pay you, Mr Hexie,' 1 pleaded, almost to the sordid looking wretch who glanced at me with u combination of dull suspicion and avarice. 1 will pay welt, and you could have Ikought it for no other pur jmse, save to make a little money. * It its not. for sale/ the old man reiterated harshly. ' You gentry folk cannot get every thing your duti way,' Leaving the Nhop, I was about to mount my barae, wlieu a thought struck mc. ' Where/ 1 asked, 'are you about to send this curiosity ?' 'To Mixton'e, in London, where you may buy it if you go desire. Then he retired. A check Again. I could only wait with as great patience as I could muster for the time when I could make some effort to buy the table from Mixtoti, and going home in disappointment, I felt tluit my task was growing more difficult1 tlian I had anticipated. Soon after entering the house a thought occurred to me that I was, of all others, the person least qualified to buy the table, and 1 determined to seek the help of the Gipsy Mym. Seizing a telegraph form, 1 ordered the servant to saddle another horse, and ride with iny iiie«sage into Bloxburgh. My men wipe to Mym, addressed to Jacob's in Loudon, ran thus: Tlay tbo table that frill be sent up from Hexie to Mlxton, in Wardour-street, It contains what wo spoke of. Receiving this, the groom was told to ride at once to towu and des]>atcli it. He was uot unobserved, as I learned after* winds, for ] In pert hearing the man grumble at ' being ordered to town after riding about all day/ waylaid him, aud questioned hiui with the result ot' raisiug his curiosity. Oil the groom's return KupertwiLBUgninhangmgalwmt the stables, and having heard that he brought n letter for ine, offered to convey it to me. Did he know the handwriting? 1 have siuce fouud out |he did. Did he read the letter ? 1 can only say that he w*£ observed to visit his own room first before delivering it to mc. When lie placed it in iny baud there wus a malevolent glance in his eye that I liad learnt l>odcd no good to me. He said uothing, how ever, and turned on bin heel. How 1 trembled as 1 recognised the well-known diameters of Kdward iStrathearn'a pen. Kagerly seeking my room, 1 strove to make myself jnistrcss of its cuutcuta, but must have Ikjcii SO nervous and creited that 1 always have since l^lieved that I fainted. When I recovered myself I was able to read the blessed words, which so strangely proved the veracity of my vision, for the epistle stated that Edward was in London in hiding, terrified, lest he should be arrested for the rash blow that he struck, yet willingto risk nil for ' one short glimpse of his Minnie's face.' He stated that he would meet mc at the Prince's Oak on the following Natunlay, and Imde inc be cautious lest I should divulge his prcBcncc. ' 1 have seen,' concluded the letter,1 a woman called Mym who fouud me in iny poor lodgings She states her belief in tlie fact that Methvcn is still idive, but a* she HCems somewhat of a visionary 1 cannot believe her or relieve my anxiety, I can only hope it may lie true.* tfuch was the letter which I received, and which gaveine such great joy. The intuitive knowledge, the presenti ment, the vision, call it what you will, was confirmed, and I knew that lie whom I loved was not dead but near ine. 1 knew that though liviug in danger of a terrible accusa tion 1 had a prospect of saving him, and I was happy for does not u woman's greatest happi ness after all consist ill ministering to those she loves. No cloud save one now rested' on the future of Edward Stratheani and that J hoped would soon Iw removed for ever. The danger be ran in coming to see mc was, 1 thought, light, for little disguise is required by one who is supposed to be no longer alive. On the day that 1 was to meet Edward 1 received intelligence from Myra stating that that the coveted tuble had urrived in London, been bought by her and found to contain noth ing. Mym expressed her intention of visiting the Glen shortly mid investigating with mc.the mystery. The secret dmwer she stated had been discovered but uot the will. My anxiety deepened unaccountably us the trim** uvproachfld for my meeting with Kdward, and strange fears which 1 Btrovc in vain t*> throw ofV <listiirl>L»<1 me. At lenpi li wo met. Who nui ilosrHK1 tint joy that wo fell. Ho hu<1 been dead to me JUS jo thu whole world, noil I now felt liou* much I laved until 1 lost htm. 1 allowed him llio schcitm, I propounded for hits return, and though he hud not the Iwlief intho strange powers of Myru that I now fully pot** bcbswI, lio wis very eagor to see them put in practice. ] found that ho hud no knowledge of MethvenVrescuo, mid his own escupc was HO narrow tlmt nil thought hud boon direetod to ki'iip hhnsolf nflont. Ho had buon picked up by a Frouch flshinglxwt and taken to France where ho luy wuak and ill for several days. When lie recovered and in«de his way from the <juiet village where he hud lain sick to Paris, he read of the shipwreck, of the supposed death of hhn self uiid Methven and the full account of the dispute und the rash blow. He rend also the terrible statement that if he lmd immvud he would have ln'i'ii held responsible for the death of the young man who hud NO bitterly tried his jwitiVnro. Ami tticn he determined [tcrlfrtps uuwinelyhe thought afterwards, not to appear but to IIch» from the disgnice of a penal trial and a eapitai punishment by concealing his identity. The serious eojis«upiuuiii9 involved in ttjiw slop ho confessed he did not realise until it was too late to draw buck, and tiil ho met Myra his life lmd I icon n truly wivtched one. Hunted by liin own inmgiinition far more thmi i-oal danger, he had KufTcred very severely indeed, and was more than punished for the hasty outburst of passion which had thru fol lowed by such a train of disastpii. I could bcc tlmt Kdwurd's hoi>c and liia belief that lxib troubles would 4*11(1 were not great, but I luid not liiiM* to say much Cor on- l»m^ then* was a 1'aUiI interruption tu our meeting. Suddenly us we were talking we heard foot steps approaching, and, quickly alarmed, 1 implored Kdwurd to dec. It was too Into, for on turning lie found himself surrounded (iy n number of men among whom 1 noluvd my cousin Hu]h'W. 'There is tin; mini' stated my cousin imiuting to Kdwai-d. 4 He in disguised l>ut 1 identify liiiit, Officers do your duly and arrest liim.' I'M ward made no attempt (ikw cupe, but- quietly olieyed tho police who made him prisoner on a charge of l>ciug concerned in the death of .lame* Mcthcven. The tsvo m>hI men «t4»pj»ed fwnnnl and identiJied hhu u.t their sometime master, and I; whul could a poor weak woman do «avo full into ti swoon, ittnl so I Ihicjiiuo unconscious of my misery. When 1 recovered consciousness I found my cousin Kuperl bending over mc moistening my lips with tin"; content,-* of <i brandy tlask mid dmJiiifi- my hands. When he saw J hud re covered my wow* lie drew Iwwk. And 1, I staggered to my fret to flee from I lie man whose trcaelmry I now saw plainly Imd led to I the arrest of jHior Kdward. So spoke I in my I passion detesting tin- sight of one who had so I wronged liim I loved, had so wronged inc. 'Minnie' said Itn]>erl Itoxton in u tjuioL voice, you must forget Unit man. He will noon lie arraigned on a capital charge ami if not limited will Ik? consigned to Lint degrading companionship of felons. Yon must forgot him. -Your father is determined tlmfc your marriage with nu» shall take place very shortly in order thai you mid yourfamily may be saved the disgrace which your unfortunate fancy for thin fyllow has occasioned. Von know the strength of will Sir lbisi! jhwscssi?*. Why not gtrive to accustom yourself to the inevitable and forget this man. Imagine the disgrace of being di-agged into this trial. Consider mo too, Minnie, and remember how I lmve loved you since my lH>yhooil und thus deserve some little love in return/ 'Go, 1 tsaid fueing him, overcoming the strange power which I always felt lay in his Mashing durlc eye. * Go' 1 said, and leave me 1 prefer the grave to your alliance.' How I got home L know not, hut when I reached the house I found my father looking very stern. He look mc into his library and regarding me with a cold qufel look of in tense determination he said, 'Minnie, you have disgraced me a* well as yourself. I have con sidered well what reparation you can yet make to avert in sonic degree the contumely tluit nil] fall upon our family. You must marry ltujiert without delay.' ' No father' I shrieked " 1 can die, but never marry tliat man/ * You may die possibly, hut not I ho]>c until you have Jjecome your cousin'# wife' and so saying lie left' me and went his way. Sir Husil's wruth was terrible. If won cold and remorseless, and forced by its suppressed power every one to bis wishes. I was weak of will I knew, and I feared lest the pressure of fat her and cousin would prove too much for line, and. so 1 determined to flee. Then death j began to wear a pleasant asjiectuud in what 1 I RupjKJse was a half delirious state I licgan the fatal arguments with which the suicide justifies a breach of the '(anion 'gainst self-slaughter.* The world seemed filled but with misery, tbe gruve u quiet place of repose where grief was Not * where silence spread the couch of ever lusting rest.' 1 shudder now at tbe terrible phase my mind took ; tbe ] lower of reasoning aright seemed lost, and the strength-tbe pre vented strength of my brain seemed turned to find arguments in fuvor of immediate death, ' Kdwurd' 1 thought will soon follow mc. *1 cannot live without him, and so I go but liefore to meet him perhaps in that laud where justice is unshackled by huuiuu weakness or tani|)cred by buiuan crime/ The borderland Itetwccu insanity and sanity is a mysterious region ill defined and reason is warjjed to most inad issues sometimes. At last my meditation was brought to a close and ] rose determined to accomplish my purpose. Gently making my way downstairs for severity had not yet descended to India and bars, 1 left tbe bouse, and sped unheard and unnoticed save by the old watchdog Hector, who looked wistfully in my facc as I passed him on bis rounds, and who, after some canine cogitations followed inc. Striving to scold him away 1 found be would not leave me, aud so per force I let him accompany nui. Muking my way down tbe avenue Hector darted suddenly from me at a point alxmt a quarter of a mile from tho house and rushing into a plantation that bordered tbe drive gave an eager low^wrk. Then won heard a muttered curse and a cry for help, i made towards the sound for all fear seemed dead in me. Iu tbe path that mi) through the plan tation 1 found Hector standing over tbe recumlRjiit figure of a mitti who ho hod piunod to the ground. In the state I was then, It seemed only natural for mo to call Hector off and allow the man to rise. How much I have often thought since depended on my meeting Hector and on Ills fallowing me. *Wliut are you doing here * 1 usked calmly, knowing I addressed a jiofteher, yet fearing no violence * wlwt are you doing here.' ' Ah, you are Miss Merton* the fellow med out suddenly iu a relieved voice. 'Call off tbe dbg for Heavens sake, he has torn my throat.' * What can you lutvc to say to me 1 asked . Why should I call off the dog ? You are IKKlt'llillJ,'.' . '] urn petting a dinner* the follow nunworod in it somewhat morose lone then suddenly. 'Oh, Mitts Mrrton, yoii do not know me but I know yon. I him a triply, one of tin; tribe tluitMyva rules over. Site jh now on (he common nud desire (o sec you ho ejiperly.' * Myra here' I exelnimed. ' Take me to her at onee. All 1 slio will help inc.' 'Conic then ' ho answered, and pyxing- u little apart ho returned with his pun which it was well for Hector he Imd laid aside for u moment . Follow mi?.' ! Ami 8it 1 imd Heefor, the hitter with many a prowl sped after the pij>sy who wwrnrd uaper to pet outside thu boundary of Lh»' wtato, We eoou ixwhcd the common where the pqmytcntR were pitched, and here 1 found Myra. She hUivUm! when she khw my <«oinpuiiion and re* pnuiehiMl hint fiercely when she observed the pun In Ills bund, then as 1 came within the plare of the lire HIic pave a cry of astonishment mid phunmre and drapped me within the tent. Not lonp did it take to toll my riory.nnd much pity uud ninny promises of aid did 1 obtain. *1 lmve considered our position' kUo mM, fntid have no doulit that the will wun hi the table'then with h nu^ilu. "The intcllipcnce never liw.' .Where ts it now ? Oh, Myra, where is it now !' 1 cried'thouph indml it mattex* not to uti to know for it. in too late.' 'It matters everthinp to know * cried imperiously ' for if we obtain will and Methveu sees that it IwLstiecii found, then before any catastrophe inn happen he will come to i-t:<im hi* herltiipf'.* . Yes if he is alive * I uttered the words dole fully. 4 Do you doubt it ? Do you douht nic ?' s\w> asked reproachfully, ' after till you hi\v«» ju»PII.' Then suddenly 1 Where wereytiu poinp Miss Merton when von met Hndoljih ?' Mioinp to,die' I answered quietly. Mie sLiii*t4tl» looked at mu keenly, then snid quietly M Mieve it.' Then poinp to a rup buard tshc brought forth u small bottle aul poured some of its contents into a glass ' Driuk this' MJjii wiiil giving it to me ' poor child you look ill' I obeywl her and soon felt better. My brain became clear and I regained the use of my judgment whieli I know now had l>oe» temporarily suspended. .Wo must (ind the* will' said Myra after a pause 'that is you must find it, for you know it all rests with yi)U Miss Mertou. You liavo the power of seeing things that arc closcd to tlic eyes of hut a few mortals. I possess tho knowledge only to direct-you/ And then hIki made some mysterious signs mid hmlc me look. Soon thorc dawned upon my brain a picture. It van the shop of old Hexie. I saw him perusiug eagerly a document whieh I knew to Iks the much sought for will. I heard his raven chuckle as he gloated over its cnutunU, I heard him mutter 'this is worth money, worth money. All, now I know why Miss Merton wished to buy it/ A moment nltenvurds the mind picture faded from ine and 1 opened my eyes to find Myra joyfully regarding mc. 'The diflieulty ie now aolvel Mie lulmr almost finished, the akciui nearly uu» ravelled. 1 fortunately have jKiwer to compel Hexie to obey inc. We soon slw.ll have the deed/ Calling to Kudolph who quickly obeyed lier Kmmtmns she wtid. * Vou have disobeyed nie to-night, do not do so Again or if you do you will never more lie of thiB tril»e. The mail looked repentant and vowed obedience pro mining to follow her instructions implicitly. *(h>* she said in a commanding voice 'Go mid bring Hexie la) me. Tell liiin Myra the daughter or Thola orders Iris attendance. Tell: liiui Iht jxuvct is no less than her mother's, (live liiin this ring Hint liid liim come.' So Kiyiiigshc handed liim a ring which she took off 'H'i linger and gave it to the messenger who Iniwed and swiftly vanished from our view. 1 watched with wonder tlic control tliis wutidering chicftainess of a vagabond crew sained to wield over her subjects. Therein an iilniost squalid tent 1 saw royalty imitated in a manner that appeared very straiigc and which joined to the Mijk'niutuml juwerthe gipsy queen |iosRPHsed inadc her an object of, awe to ine. In the reuhuB of a modern conslita-* tinnal sovereign was a desjiot ruling her little circle with unquestioned sway and tracing her descent, from a sonroe beside wliich tho Gueiphs or the llolioiizollerans were but of yesterday. Time jmssed, and passed with heavy weighted feet. Tlie tent curtain had many times lieen raised and a listening cars and eager eyes sought for the return of the mes senger. At length the gipsy queen gave a sigh of relief and said "Tliey come'and soon afterwards my less perfectly trained organs bean! the noise of footsteps and in a faw . minutes ltudolph and his companion appeared. Hexie limited subdued and scared. He cast glances ever and anon at tlie huge gipsy who watched his every movement with the greatest yigilnnre nor seemed willing to leave liiin alone inside the tent. ' Vou have done well to obey my commands' said Myra in a haughty and stern voice. Had yon not olieyod your queen tho officers of tho ? law would have lieen thundering at yonr door in the morning.' _' I acknowledge your power and that of the ring, Myra' said Hexie in a subdued voice ' wliat are your' commands.' ' Vou liave a will which you obtained dis honestly from a table you did buy, and which you refused to BCII to this young lady. I desire the will, I must liavo It. _ Hexie started as lie turned and saw ine, and his face grew palo with mingled fear and rage. ' 1 liought it; it is mine' he answered sullenly after a long pause. '1 did not buy it and it shall heeome mine' answered Mym calmly, directing a look of I lower at the man cringing before her. "Send for it at once or tuko the consequences.' Then she spoke rapidly and vehemently in a foreign, and to me unknown language. Hexie listened - anil at length seemed quite subdued for reply ing in the same tongue he held out a k<y to the gipsy which she took colflly from liimwith signs of displeasure on her couutcnance and banded to Itanilulpb saying: ' Seek this man's house again and bring thence the document you will find there, ltenienilier that you da your mission honwtly and well else iny . ven geance will surely overtake vou.' Promising obedience, llujnlph departed, Imfc not liefore a conversation in the unknown tongue was again resumed. Motioning Hexie to sit down on a rug in a comer of the tent Myra turned to ine and spoke cheerfully of the happy result which might now be anticipa ted. Swifter was the return of the messenger than npin the previous occasion, and he soon regained the anxious group in the tent. He bore in his hand the will. Myra hastily seized it, looked at it, read it carefnlly, then hand it to me. 'Examine the dates well; ym will sec that tho will is of a later date than the ono under which Mr Slratliearn succeeded to the estate of Miss Methvcn.' I took it and found it as she said. . * And now Ilexie, turning to the old man Mym «atd you can go. See and amend yoor evil ways or you will find that justice will overtake yon suddenly some day.* Rudolph al»o retired nod we were left atone. The)) Myra said . Your future Miss Merfcon.* <Call mc Minnie/ I interrupted. 'Well, Minnie, your future,' said Myra with a smile, concerns us now. I do not know what yon should do. To go Imtue again would in some ways be the boat, but there you wonld be subjec ted to thutortuKcs which your consin'seffortft to force you to a speedy marriage would cause you. I should ask yon to stay with me, lot if wc remained hero you would eventually be discovered, probably before another day had ran its course, and if we fled, suspicion wonld more strongly be directed to us. The gipsies receive scant ceremony at the hands of jpsttaa hero. I pondered for s moment. I wonld li&fc; re* turn hoine. That I wag determined, tra; nor could I deny tbo troth of Myr&fe; Assertions. At length I thought of my aunt* my mother's sister who would, t know, protect me against nil, even Sir Basil. To ber I would go and leave Myro to take action with Miss Methven'a lawyer in Bloxhurgh, who I knew also actcd for my aunt Mrs Boston. ' Yon may depend Minnie that before to* morrow's sun is well upon the horizon adver* tiecinenta will be carried to many a journal. One of thorn Methven will see and then I do not judge the man aright if he is not here soon to claim his own, and acknowledge the fact that exists' so payingMyru cordially took soy hand adding in a low voice' Bow glad Into to pay my heavy debt to your mother.' ' Hon' can J go to Mrs tiaxton, however/ cried I in alarm after a pause, starting to ay feet. 'Tis ten good miles from here and th# morning is already here. Soon uiy flight from bo'ui> will bo discovered and then an eager search will he made for me, Here among (be tiret places.' * You uiuei leave at onee, Rudolph will ftaddlc a pony for you, there is yet one hoar of davkness left and yon have time by Tiding* fuRt to reach your protector's house before an nlurm is raided, or you are observed.' ' You are right as you always are Myra, and uow for uiy flight/ My hostess .seeing that I ww eager to bo gono gavo orders, and in a few moments Eudoipb brought round two ponies. Mounting in InisU', Myra and I started, and with scarce a word of conversation rod« at a gallop to llinldoil tlw resi donee of Mrs Saiton. The ponies though Uioy looked rough could do their work well, and seeniod to spring through the darkness with the spood of phantom horses. A strange weird ride across tho country was this of two women mounted on a couple of unkempt gipsy "tenia, and if any one saw us wu must have been taken for the spirits of some unresting hun tresses of bygone times. At length tho journey was over, and wc drew up at this door of Bandon liodge just as tin: dawn began to tinge the distant bills with crimson and gold as it heralded the approach of the rinhig sun. The house was soon alarmed and my aunt appeared, and viewing us through a window demanded in a voice that vainly nppoared to be manly, what wo desired. A word from me evoked an expression of intense astonishment, and in a few moments I was in my aunt's arms while eager questions and oxclamations of sur prise greeted me. Taming her horse Myru, who lud not dis mounted said ' Good-bye; we shall not move from the common, and everything will be arranged as you desire. Stay here till I com municate with you''and with a graceful bow to my aunt tho gipsy queen sli>ok the reins and sped on ber return journey at as great a ?peed as she had come. 1 What mystery is this Minnie ? Who is thW woman, and wheucc come you ?' wero the questions that were eagerly jwurod upon mo as my aunt led the way into the houso. It did not take long to satisfy her, and many wore tho words of eoinpassion and sympathy I re ceived as I told my talo. When I had con cluded, my aunt pressod mo warmly to her bosom vowing that no power should take me from her roof- * Vour father and I have hail mora than one sharp contest' sho remarked grimly, 'and he has not always come off con queror. How old are you child P' Storting at the abrupt question I answered after a moment,' twenty-one, but a month ago aunt.' * Ah then oven your father's power has no right to take you from my roof, limit hero child in peace knowing that as long as Jane Barton lives yon will be protected.' Mora than once my aunt bado me repeat my story, and seemed to ponder on itmuch. There is a groat deal of mystery which I cannot un derstand, Minnie,' she said,' and I wish your tawdry gipsy queen bad less to do with tho affair. Wall, well' she continued in answer to an expostulation from me, ' I know that ehe baa helped yon, but I do not understand this second eight business, though to be sure Shakespeare tells ns ' there is more in heaven and earth than is dreamt of in our philosophy.' X mast' oonfess, however, I prefer the advice of a lawyer to anything supernatural, and I shall take the opinion of Mr Tape to-morrow'; then pacing up and down the room, the strong minded woman thought the points of the case logically to her satisfaction, and then said, ?Well child, in spite of her vagaries your gipsy has a power of reasoning to good conclusions that is admirable, and seldom found in a woman. After all, ber suggestion are good, and worthy of ererj attention. Mr Tops him self could not have given better advice. But the dreams, I do not understand the dreams.' Then suddenly she started to her feet. 'Bless my soul, child I forgot you had not slept all night Qet to bed, get to bed at once,* and so my heart at ease, I was bundled without ceremony to seek the repose I sorely needed. My sleep was peacoful, and my dreams happy, and when I awoke, I was impressed with the idea that all would go well. I had however, no time to devote myself to day dreams, for my anat sent a message telling me tliat Mr Taps was with her, and be desired to ace inc. Going down stairs, I found myself in the presence of a parchment-like little man, who seemed all mummy save his brgfat shrewd eyest which pieroed through one like gimlets. He had been made acquainted with the facts of the cue, and though he firmly refused to admit the dreams as evi dence, be could not dispute tho reality of the will, its loss, and its discovery. He was dis posed, however, to link the deed with the gipsies in a manner that partook more of the felonious than the supernatural, but like an able'.lawyer, he was in no way inclined to refuse any assistance, that would aid him in a client's cause. His opinion was that the latest testament of Miss Methven shonld at onoe be made public, and ber nephew advertised for immediately He informed me that he had a visit from Myra, and said that while lie was afraid her second sight would not possess much weight in a court of justice, her unbounded influence might be of infinite service in the eearoli for Methven. 4 But will he be found in time to save Ed ward f I asked in the greatest anxiety. 'Ohyes, I hope so, for if the gipsies know as I suspect they do, where the supposed dead man is hidden, it will not be long before Methven b made acquainted with his good fortune.' ' Bnt poor Ned', I urged *he is in gaol, and may die there if be is not sustained by hope.' 'Trne he is now in prison, but let us hops' that before long he will be at large, an innocent and a poor man,' and then his voice softened wonderfully, and tho sliarp eyes grew mild for a moment as be said . bnt that will make n» difference to you Miss Werton. I suppose by the bye,' he added'that gipsy qneen of yours desires to see you. Can yon pay ber a visit. She seems to have something of importance to tell, though ehe wonld not divulge it to her lawyer.' . Yet, I must go at once,' I cried, and Mr Tape yon must gain mo admittance to the prison where Edward is confined.' ' That I can promise,' he added heartily. ' Call at my office when you go into Bloxburgb and I will take you there.' Soon after Mr Tape left, and my nnnt informed me that ehe had received a visit early that morning from my father, who seemed to have ascertained where 1 hod fled. Sir Basil bad, however, beon amenable to reason, and aeemed startled at the unpleasant truths which my aunt favored him with. Aftor long argu ment, be agreed that I should remain at Ban don Lodge for some time in the caro of Mrs Ssxton. ' He acceded, my dear, mora because lie could not balp himself than for any other reason. How savage that cousin of yours looked as ho beard Kir Basil agree to leave you tn my charge. I hate that man, and feel assured that the antipathy is cordially re turned.' ' Tbon I am free to visit Mfta Bn^ Edward,' I cried jtiyfully. 'Free as air,' my aant returned with a smile. In a very short time I found myself in Myra's tent, and as I gated upon her face I knewthattheintolligencc she had to impart was : ot tbe happiest. ! ' Ah, you have good news for me,' I cried as I saw her beaming facu. 'Do you believe in my power,' she asked in return, smiling. ' Oh yes,' I criod, ' I do indeed, but tell mc .Myra, Have you discovered anything ?' j Welt,listen. As I rode homeaftcroscorting ! m to Bandon Lodge early this morning 1 thought of 1he will and Heile's motive in hiding it and gradually there grew upon me the conviction thai, tfcn old man had a stronger J reason than we suspected for concealing the j will. If he did not kaow that Methven was j alive, he would hardly snulc to gain posses- J aion «T a doed that is valueless if Methven iB ?dead. So I paid liiin a visit «d rousing Slim from his rest I threatened and .cajoled him by tunu nntil I succeeded in learning .what I wished. Methven is alive and in Lon. don - Ah, yon are dU, I have told tbe news too suddenly.' * Oh uo, 'tis bnt a passing ,i»*tkness and will soon begone. Come Myra, corned Air Tape at onee,' and no saying I carried her wltV me ?to tho lawer's office. Thero the story .was '(elated and Mr Tape having wuglit an ipter* view with Hoxio determined to go to London at once. 4 Ttiko me with you ' I pleaded for now, I shall not seek Kdvrard uutil I can bring him good tidings.' And so Mr Tape and I attended by Hexie started for the capital at once. Arriving there we were driven under the guidance of the old mm. to one of the poorest localities of tho cast end. Hexie-assured that tho discovery of the will would now turn to Iiib advantage had made no difliculty in telling us how ho ascertained that Mcthvou was alive. In one nf thu many excursions tn London wiien prow ling about in search of curiosities which he bought from sailors lie had met a man who was an object at onco of pity and suspicion to tin* associates by whom he was surrounded. With all the evidence of superior birth lie per sIhUmI mysteriously in evading alt inquitics concerning himself while he devoted all his allcutiou to tho consumption of alcohol. Hexie, seeking a sailor, who had some valu able foreign' curios for sale, was led into the midst of a company, where 4 the gentle man' as lie wag called, sat drinking with his comrades, and was gravely introduced by his seafaring friend, as the old swindler Hexie from Uloxhurgh, who could buy anything that he could get below its value. Methven started at the name, and not long afterwards drew the old man aside, and asked biro in a drunken whisper, if he knew who lived at ilethven JIall now. An answer in the nega tive, drew forth a chuckle from bis questioner, who after somo vain attempt* to keep bis sccrct, acknowledged who he was, and boastod with a canning leer, that if he had been robbed of the estate, Strathearn would never enjoy it ; and so Hexie had travelled home witii the knowledge that Methven was alive. His course of action had not been determined upon, when I sought to buy tho table from him, and my manner showing an eagerness that {seemed unaccountable, his suspicions were aroused, and a scarch eventually led, in his skilful hands, to the discovery of the will. This he would have taken to London at tho first opportunity, and sold at its highest value to Methven, had not tho power of Myra intervened, and given matters a very different complexion for Mr, Hexie. We eoon arrived at thov Sailor's Best/ and Mr. Tape going in, called for us. Then we behold the man who was the rightful owner of Methven HalL Bat bow changed from the last time I saw him,' deb&uchcry; had left its fatal mart upon' him, and lie appeared a wretched creature, miserable, and trembling with excitoinont, only half realising that a fortunate change had taken place in his con* dition. Mr. Tape looked at bira with disgust and aversion, and in answer to some rambling boast, said very sternly .It is well that you have been discovered, before Mr. Strathearn suffered more than he has done, for your con duct might be fouud well worthy of heavy punishment.' ' Yes,' cried the wretched being, I knew what I was about. It would have been glorious to have seen Strathearn hanged for my murder, would it not P' ' Pah!' ejaculated tbo old lawyer in dis> gust. ' Let ui take biin away, and got him identified speedily, and then escape from his degrading society. ' Ah, but you can't keep Methven Hall from roe,' Methven cried revengefully, and Strathearn is a beggar. That is pleasant/ ' Let us go/ said Mr Tape. I do not wonder now that Mr Strathearn struck such a being as this ; had I been in the yacht, I should have pushed him overboard, and hold him under the water until he learnod civility.' Can I express my happiness at the success' ful termination 'of all my efforts to save Edward ? No, I feet that to attempt to reduce to words my joyful emotions would only lead to failure. I ask you to imagine them. W« travellod hastily through London, accom panied by Mr Methven, to whom the lawyer clung with tenacity and disgust. Arrived at Bloxuurgb, moans were t«ken to make the authorities acquainted with the facts of tbo case, and Edward Strathearn was rclensed at once. I wont to bis place of confinement, and told him Hie glorious news myself, told him that Methven was found, that the estate which he bad considered his now no longer belonged to him. As I said this he placed his arms round me, and asked if I belonged to him. What could I say but 'y on/ j My father heard tho intelligence with in ! tense surprise. He listened to the story of my search, and bis heart was touched. Turning to Rupert Roxton, who stood with lowering face, black with rage and disap)>oinfc uicnt, he said 'The fates are against yon nephew. The love that you thought might in time be yours, belongs to another. Ton must submit as I do to the inevitable.' ' Never/ cried Rupert, and roshing out he took boras and rode home. Thenco he de parted on a hunting excursion to Sonth Africa where it is to be hoped he is more enccessful in chase of game than he was in his love quest here. I could not pity him for be did me great wrong. Merry Christmas came with all its fall laden pleasures in the midst of my happiness, and as the day approached so did ray marriage come nearer. It was an old English Christ mas,snow lay deep upon the ground audthepure white carpet spread far u the «ye conld reach. Tho trees were laden with snow instead of fruit, and the clear keen air redoubled the comforts of the. yule log fire. The village kept high holiday for the day, and prepared to do honor to my marriage. Strange guosts in the shape of Myra, faithful, generous, shrewd, Myra, and ber gypsy subjects catnc to the wadding and were made welcome by the farmers who had oftentimes vowed vengeance against thom for the disappearance of barn* yard stock. A large and happy company filled tho Glen, and busy preparations were made for Christmas and my marriage. My father had bccomo thoroughly reconciled to Edward as a son-in-law, and now was as much delighted wjth the choice I had mode es he was formerly opposed to it. Here, too, was Aunt Snxton who took tho entire credit of overcoming 8ir Basil's scruples to herself. Myra the gipsy queen was beside me, and is besido me now. She has abdicated her throne and slays at the Glen whore my father, my husband and 1 reside in happiness. Her sub* jects tired porhaps of tboir.roving life have, many of thom, bccome useful members of eocicty and are settled on the estate. Edward is beside me and I am happy in his love. Happiness, the historians tell us has no history. Therefore mine ended with my marriage on Christmas Day. 