fpforatot. OUT OBVEDEU. A NOVEL. Ey DORA. KUSSELL, -Author of* Tbe Vicar's Governess,' 'Footprints in the Snow,' ?' Ciojsub's Widow,' &c.; Chapter III.— A Sick TXttbsb. When Mary Fletcher saw her brother re turning-, she advanced eagerly to meet him, ' I've been so anxious about you, Robert,' she said. Whatdidthat woman man want?' 'I'll tell you another time, Mary,' answered Bobert. 'Now I've got a favor to ask yon— a very great favor.' Mary's beautiful complexion flashed, and. an unrasy loot came over her face. ' What is it ?' she asked. 'That poor girl, Florence Chester, is nearly mad with her grief,' continued Robert. 'She should have someone with her— some lady— Mary, will you go to please me?' And Robert took hold of his sister's hand. ' Why ebculd I go?' said Mary. 'Surely there are other people more fit — and she has her sister/3 'They are both very ill, Mary— I have seen ^Florence— she was wandering about in the garden balf out of her mind, and that fool, young Thirl well, took her for a ghost, and got a terrible fright. But Florence is really ill— too ill sot to be watched.' 'Why does my lady not watch her then?' said Mary bitterly. 'They say, Robert, that Lady Blunt is going to take these girls to live with her at the hall. Dr. Humphrey told some one that Lady Biant meant to do this.' ' Lady Blunt !' repeated Robert in surprise. 'Yes, so they say— and they say also that my lad; killed Mr. Chester, or rather that she made him kill himself.' 'What folly, Mary,' said Robert, rather angrily.' 'Perhaps it is ; but at all events I would rather not go near them, Robert.' For a moment or two Rabert was silent, snd then he pnt his arm through his sister's. ' You are prejudiced against lady Blunt, Mary, he said ; 'all this is nonsense ; she is I am sore most kindly disposed to these poor fatherless girls, and she may, for anything I know, have offered them a homo. And as for her causing poor Chester to shoot himself — why, it's absurd. He must have been tern, porarily insane.' 'People always say that, don't they, when a man prefers to face death to dishonor ?' 'Maiy!' said Robert, much annoyed, and he dropped his sister's arm. For a moment or two they walked on to* gether in silence, and then Mary after glanc ing at Robert's face, suddenly clasped his hand. 'Forgive me Robert,' she said, 'I an rude — yes, I have been rude — I should n-: have raid what I did.' ' Well, it was not kind, Molly.' ' I know — but I was vexed— Oh ! Robert, I cannot tell you how vexed, about you going up to that woman at the hall to- night !' 'But dear ? ' 'Don't have anything to do with her Robert,' continued Mary with a passionate ring in her voice. ' X cannot forget if you ?can— our mother !' 'Nor do I forget her Mary,' said Robert very gravely; 'but Lady Blunt had. nothing to do with our mother's wrongs— our poor motber wss dead— you knew this before Sir Hetry married Lady Blunt.1' Mary did not speak ; she was crying, and Robert laid his hand kindly on her shoulder wbf n he said this. ' It is all so dreadful,' sobbed Mary. 'Oi! Robert, oh! Robert, if you would but go away.' 'Go away! Why? Where do you want me go to, Mary V ' Ar j where— I don't care where it is— bit cut of of the sight of Lady Blunt— out of the tearing cf ? ' ' My dear,' said Robert as Mary paused, 'I know all this — all the circumstances of cur unfortunate position must be very painful to sou, but I cannot help it, I cannot go away Mary— I may as well tell you now, Lady Blunt sent for me to-night to offer me what her husband left her in his will, a com macd to offer me——' 'What?' exclaimed Mary, starting and looking up. . 'Sir Henry left a clause in his will request Ing Lady Blurt in tbe event of Mr. Chester's death, to effer me the agency of the pro. perty.' 'A nice way of providing for you !' aaid Mary, with extraordinary bitterness. Robert shrugged bis shoulders, but made no answer. 'And you will take this V said Mary, turn, ing round indignantly and looking at her brother in tbe moonlight. ' You— you, who ought to be master — will you take a paid servant's place?' Robert still did not speak ; he wm biting bis lip*, and trying to control his temper. 'Surely yon will not do tills?' continued Mary. ' Go up there, see this woman erery day! Oh! Robert, you cannot! you can* not!' 'My dear,' said Robert, 'it is useless talking thus— X have accepted thus position— I ebaJl be glad of the income.' 'To marry Florence Chester ! Is that it V asked Mary passionately. 'If she will have me, yes,' answered Robert; and with a sort of cry Mary heard this announcement. 'And this is so?' she said, 'I understand it all now,' and bitter tears began pouring down her cheeks. ** This is why I have asked you to go to her, Mary, do you understand cow?' said Robert very gently, for he was sorry for his sister. 'Yes, I understand,' answered Mary with a choking eob. 'I want you to be kind to her, to try to love her for my cake— she will be your sister I hope some day Mary, and she is in bitter trouble just row.' ' Ob, very well, I will go,' said Mary sud denly. ' Will you really my dear 2' It is very kind of you, ' Oh no, not at ill kind— I don't go out of kiedcees.' 'What do ycu go for then, you silly ' To please you of course— to conciliate my future sister.' Robert laughed good-naturedly. He un- derstocd perhaps how Mary was a little jealous of him, caring for any one better than herself. 'Very well then, thank you for going to please me — and now how soon can you be ready ? In five minutes ?' ' You're in hot haste.' 'She is very ill, Mary.' 'Oh, very welL in five minutes then.' And Mary It ft her brother, and went into the cottage to make some slight preparations for leaving it. In less than five minutes she reappeared, and Roberto face brightened when he saw her.' ' ' Well, you've not been long at any rate,' he said, and as he spoke he took her bag out of her hand, and offered her his arm, and they immediately started to walk to West wood. For some little time they went on almost in silence. Then Robert said suddenly, 'Wfco told you, Molly, that Lady Blunt had offered the Cheaters a home ?' For a moment Mary hesitated before she rosde acy reply, and then she said, not qaite in her usual tone of voice, ' It was Dr. Humphrey himself. When I wes waiting for you outside to night he rode pest, and I asked after the Cheaters, and he tcld me.' 'Tfcen it is true,' said Robert. 'Humphrey would not bave told you unless it were. Bat ke dicn t tell jou I'm sure that gossip about Ledy Blunt having driven poor Chester to his rash act?' ' No, that was some servants' gossip.' 'I thought so. Poor Chester! It is a most melancholy tbiog.' Again the brother and sister 'walked on together in silence after this brief conversa tion. And then, by- andbye, the almost oppressive stillness of the scene around was bicken by tbe sound of a horse's tread on the path behind them. Robert stopped to listen, and then turned round. . *' Here comes Humphrey himself,' be said. ' I know old Jenny's trot a mile off.53 It was Dr. Humphrey, mounted on his old mare, acd presently he overtook Robert and Msry, and Robert felt Mary's arm twitch in biB S3 tbe doctor addressed them — 'Good evening,' he said ; ' I am riding up to Westwood again, for Thirwell has sent down an especial meEsenger to say that Florence Chester is worse.' ♦'She is very ill,' said Robert, 'and Mary bete is going ap to see if she can be of any uec— sit up with her or anything.' ' I am sure you can be of use,'1 said Dr. Humphrey, looking at Mwj'd lovrcly profile in the moonlight, which, however, was turned away from him, for Mary had never locked at or spoken to the doctor since he joined them. Still Mary did not speak; and after a moment's pause the doctor continued— 'She ought to have some one with her, fcr Bessie is no use, and Tbirlwell wrote me a lice to say she had got out into the garden, and was wandering about like a mad woman. The poor girl if, in fact, utterly upset— she'll have a touch of brain fever, I expect— yes, Miss Fletcher, I am very glad X have got such a good nurse for her.' Again the doctor bent slightly forward so as occe more to catch a glimpse of Mary's beautiful face. The beautiful face grew suddenly crimson as he did so ; then coldly, almost harshly, Mary spoke. *'Wby doetn't my Jady nurse her? Tae lady-patroness of the neighborhood !' ' That speech isunworthy of Mies Fletcher,' said Dr. Humphrey. Mary bit her lips. ' Mr. Chester's death has been a bitter grief to Lady Blunt,' went on the doctor; '?LBturaJJj a bitter grief, and she does not even know that Florence is so ill ; in fact, I wish to spare her this knowledge as long as I can. I do not wish Lady Blunt to see them at all at present — not until time has softened this sudden blow to them — for it would not make their future relationship easier if they met just now.' 'Wo, the truth is spoken in moments of strong emotion,' said Mary, 'and rarely spoken except then.' It was now Dr. Humphrey's turn to bite his lips, but he bit them to suppress a sigh. He bad a very grave, almost stern face this doctor, with large features, and dark, pene trating eves. A man between forty and thirty- five, a reader, a scholar, and an author of certain well-known medical books, he might have taken his place in a far wider world than tbe small one lying in the scat tered villages among which he toiled. But he lived on near Weirmere ; lived on with his old mother, and seemed likely to remain a bachelor to the end of his days. He had a large practice in its way, and would ride (musing as he rode) over hill and dale any hour of the day. People said he was a philosopher, but he was in truth only a sombre, thoughtful man. ' Do you think they will go to Lady Blunt, then ?' a*ked Robert anxiously. ' I think it will be the best thing, the very best thing they can do,' answered Dr. Humphrey. ''She will give them a home and a position they could not have elsewhere — and for their father's sake I think they should go— I shall urge them to go.' 'Why for their father's sake V said M&ry;, quickly. 'To stop idle tongues, Miss Fletcher,' replied the doctor. ** But,' said Robert, with some hesitation, 'it might be unpleasant to them — might oe trying — don't you thick so, Humphrey ?' ' I shall advise them to go,' repeated the doctor. ' Not just jet, of course— no chanse can be made yet— but In a little while I shill certainly advise them to accept Lady Blum's tffer.' By this time the trio had almost reached the gateway of Westwood House. The doctor pulled up his horse and threw the bridle over the gateway, while to his surprise Mary plucked a thistle and a handful of fresh grass and presented them to the old mare. The dector smiled as he watched her. ''The merciful man,'1 he said, 'the merciful woman, in this case, 'is merciful to his beast.' Thank you. Miss Fletcher, for coming to nurse my patient and for feeding my horse.' ?? Oh ! Robert made me come to nurse your patient,' said Mary, ' and as for your horse —well, I'm fond of animals.' ' I'm glad of that' 'I like them better than anything else,' eaid Mary with unnecessary energy. 'The dumb brutes, eh?' said the doctor, looking at Mary. ' Yes, the brutes that do net lie and deceive like human brutes ! The brutes tha-. are grateful for love, and true to it. I like them best.' Mary said this as if she felt it. Her lovely complexion deepened, her dark eyes flatbed. She stood there speaking as if she were at tacking the doctor, and yet she was feeding tis horse, and the poor man had been per lectly civil to her. ' Well,' said Dr. Humphrey, after another long look at her face in the moonlight, ' my patient is waiting for- me, and Robert you see, is already in the houte.' ' Oh 1 Robert is in love, I suppose,' scol^d Mary. 'Poor Robert, then!' smiled thedo;tor, and then he left Mary, who stood still there holding her handful of grass to Jean j 'a grateful mouth, and then suddenly and softly she laid her face on the old mare's neck. 'Faithful and true,' she said, 'thou art faithful and true.' Munch, munch, went on Jenny, apparently totally unmoved by the girl's sentimental out* bunt. Jenny, indeed, rather resented it as a liberty, and lifted up her ancient head in mild surprise. Yet Mary kept tenderly fond ling Jenny's white neck, and took off her bridle so that she might enjoy her supper vithgreater ease. While she was doing this Dr. Humphrey reappeared, and in a moment Maty resumed her usual cold and haughty manner. ' I want you to come into the house,' he said. 'I want to see how you get on with jcur patient.' ' Yours, you mean,' answered Mary ; bat she followed the doctor into the house, and upstairs to Florence Chester's bedroom. But when the got there her face softened again into womanly tenderness and pity. She saw a tall, slender, dark-eyed girl, walking rettlenly op and down the room with mad te« inner dark *yes, snd incoherent words upon her lipi. ' It has attacked her brain,' whispered the doctor in Mary's car, 'speak to her as sooth* icgly as sou c»n.' Then Mary went up and took Florence Chester's band. 'You know me, do you not?' she said gently. Florence turned sharply round, and peered into Man's face.' 'Yes,' she said, 'you are a queen — a beautiful queen— and you've come to father's funeral, yon know Lady Blunt killed him.' ' Yes, I know,' said Mary. ' It was all done last night,' went on the suffering girl, ''she shot him — I heard the shot, it woke me, and I think it struck my brain.' And she put up her hand pitifully to her burning brow. 'I will bathe it,' eaid Mary, in such womanly, tender accents that Dr. Humphrey looked from tbe sick girl to her in surprise. ' Sit down Florence,' continued Mary, 'and lay your head on my shoulders and I will bathe your brow.' To their surprise Florence complied. ' She is a wicked woman, don't you think,' she said, looking up from Mary's shoulder, as Mary laid wet cloths on her head; 'don't you think Lady Blunt is a wicked, wicked woman?' 'Yes, a very wicked woman,' answered Mary, with some energy. But the next moment the remembered she was there to eoothe the brain- sick girl, and not to excite her, and so ehe began some semi-plaintive tale of an unhappy brood of youthful ducklings that had strayed from Mary's poultry- yard and been lost amid the sedges of the lake. As Mary went on with her story the weary fevered head or.ee more fell on her shoulder, and pre sently the sick girl sank into a sort of fitful eleep. When the doctor who was watching her saw this he laid his hand gently on the handle of the dcor, and with an approv ing nod to Maty left the room. But the sleep did not last, and by and- bye the old melancholy story was repeated again and again. It was indeed a dismal night. As Mary eat watching and trying to soothe Florence she could not help thinking of the dead man who lay ro near. Nay, once when the door gave a slight and mysterious creak she started violently. Bat as she glanced quickly round she saw the doctor standing in the doorway. He did not come in ; it was of the utmost importance he had told the house hold that Florence Chester should be kept perfectly quiet, and so he would allow no one to enter the room. But again and again during the long night Marv saw him steal to the door to watch his patient, and the knowledge of his presence in the honse was an im mense comfort and help to her. Then, when tte grey dawn was fust breaking, he did enter the room, and going up to Mary laid hi i hand sligbtly on her shoulder. 'Now, my good nurse,' he said, 'you must go to ted.' Mary by this time was fairly worn out. Sbe was not accustomed to sitting ap at night, and for some time her eyes had been closing in spite of herself. But as the doctor touched hir shoulder she drew herself quickly away, and roEe to her feet. 'Who is to stay with her, then?'' she said. ' I will stay with her,' he answered ; 'now you go and lie down, you have fairly earned a, rest.' 'Very well,' said Mary, and she went downstairs and lay dewn on the dining-room ccuch, falling three minutes later into a deep and placid sleep. When she awoke the saa x?ss up, and she started to her feet with a strange, confused feeling that gome one was in the room. Bat after rubbing her eyes and looking round she saw no one was there. She looked out of the window, and standing on the grass in front of the house she saw Dr. Humphrey. His back web turned to her, and he was appa- ' rently intently gazing at the silver pitch of the lake, just visible from where he stood. But he was not thinking o£ the lake glitter ing in the morning sun. He was thinking of the beautiful woman he had seen a few minutes since lying in her placid sleep. He had gone into the dining-room not expecting to find Mary there, but lying on the couch, with her lips a little apart and one shapely arm flung over the coverlet, was tae girl, or rather woman, who at once strangely at tracted and repelled him. And now he stood still looking at her. Of her beauty there could be co doubt. Her features were perfect in their pure outline, and her complexion was fair and clear as a lovely child's. She was straight and tall, with just a touch (so it was said) of her mother's -yeoman birth in her fine limbs and firm free tread. So Dr. Humphrey stood looking at her, and as he stood the began to murmur in her sleep. ' Arthur,' she said, ' and the doctor gave a little start as he heard the name, but the next moment shrugged his shoulders aud smiled at bis own folly. ' ' She is beautiful,' he thought. ' ' What s. pity it is ;' and he turned away. But he felt restless acd disturbed. The sleeping woman had murmured hi» own name in her sleep— ho v abturd it was— argued Arthur Humphrey scomogly to himself. Yet it was strange, he thought again, and turn ing round he caw her face at the window, for Mary had roused herself by this time, and was beginning to wonder waat time it could be. When Dr. Humphrey saw her up, he re turned to tbe dining-room. 'I hope you have bad a good sleep?'' h said. 'I have been sound asleep,' answered Maty, 'and Florence — how is she now ?' 'No better,' said the doctor, 'aud for a day or two I don't expect she will be better ; and I've been thinking it is really too much to expect you to stay here and nurse her— it is asking too much.' 'Ob! very well,' said Mary, 'I can go honse at once.' 'Do cot mistake my meaning,' said Dr. Humphrey. 'I wish I could ask you to stay — she is quieter with you than anyone else — but it is a wearying case, and I feel, we must all feel, she has no claim on you.' ' No one has any claim on me,' taid Mary, with quick and sudden emotion. 'Not your brother!' said Arthur Hum phrey. ' Yes, Robert ? ,' answered Mary, trjing to epeak calmly, and subduing a certain cbeking feeling in her throat. ' Oh yes, of ccurep, Robert— acd for Robert's sake, if jou like, I will stay and nurse this girl— till you can get some one else.' ' Thank you very much— and now for Miss Fletcher's sake, I think that I had better see after seme breakfast.' Maty tried not to smile, but barely suc ceed td, and presently, the doctor hsviag roused the househoia, he and Mary sat do«m together to breakfast. It was not yet (i o'clock, but while they were drioking tiiei? tea Robert Fletcher appeared on the lava ia front of the bouEe, and passing the dining, room window looked in and nodded at Alary and the doctor. ' I declare here is Robert,' exclaimed Msry. ' It is a very bad case I think,' smiled Dr. Humphrey. ' Absurd !' said Mary, and then she got up to kiss her brother who now entered the room. ' You are an early visitor,' sbe said. ' Yes,' said Robert ; ' I felt anxious aboat ycu and Miss Florence.'. And he turned very red. ' Oh, of course,' said Mary with a shrug. 'How it—' hesitated Robert, looking at the doctor. 'Miss Chester?' said Dr. Humphrey, goin? on calmly with his breakfast. ' Well, she is very ill.' *? And you tiro sitting here!' said Robert hastily. ' We must Vive, my dear fellow,' said the dector. 'But don't look so horrified. Miss Chester is certainly very ill, but we will pull her through, and you mast remember while jcu have been snoring your sister and I have been sitting up.' '? I bave not been snoring,' said Robert in dignantly, acd then seeing that the doctor was only laughing at him, Robert's own smil ing tyes assumed their natural expression. 'All right,' he said, ' but snoring is fatigu ing sometimes, eo Madam Molly, it you have &ljt; to spare, will you give me some tea.' ' Sit down here,' said Mary affectionately. ' Pcor eld fellow ! I don't believe he has been asleep at all.' And she patted her brother's shoulder. Maxy had guessed the truth, Robert hid cot been asleep at all, or certainly for a very ihorttime. He had spent the night wander ing about Westwood House and watching the lighted window where Mary was keeping her weary vigil. He had seen the first gleam of dawn break in the eky, and then he hsd gone home to lie down for an hour. But before 6 oxlcck he was walking up the path by the lake side, and bis anxiety grew so great that he felt he must go and enquire how Florence Chester was, as he concluded that the house hold would now be astir. Thus he found the doctor and Mary getting their breakfast, and when he joined them he good-naturedly bore some little not unkindly jests on his early rifling. Chapter IV.— Poor Maby. Dnrlpg tbe next few days Mary stayed on at Westwood. She waB there daring all the sad ted to the miserable tragedy that hod made the bouse masterless ; there when they botc John Chester away, and when a black robed lady came to the house and followed her dead friend to the grave. Lady Blunt had insisted upon paying this last rctpect to Mr, Chester's memory. Dr. Humphrey had pointed out as delicately as kectuldtfcathewas afraid tbe strain might be too much for her, but Lady Blunt had re plied in her cold, distant way that she meant to go, acd also signified her desire that all the tenants around should go a« welL So a lor/g procession started one bright morning from the pleasant home behind the bills, and elo«]y went down tbe aide ot lovely Weir* mere, en whoee breast tbe sun shone, while tbe birds twittered acd tang among the new phntatiocs that John Chester's hand had pierced. Im6j Blunt went with the rett and made no sign iit fctr bitter 8tU-repro»chf ni prt«f. She stood by the open grave, and' the heard the first sod thrown on the coffin and then sud denly fainted away. She fainted into Robert Fletcher's arms, who bad been watching her white quivering features for the last few momenta and wnohadgone quietly to bernde. He lifted her into fier carriage, and then remembering that bis own cottage by the lake aide was tbe nearest house to the church yard he ordered the coachman to drive there, and sent one of the sympathising farmers who stood around for Dr. Humphrey. Not until the poor lady wai laid on Mary's bed did Robert remember this very room had once been his mother's. He flushed and bit his lips when the thought occurred to him. Bnt were was nothing could be done now but to try to make the best of it, and he did try. He got brandy, and he bathed L»dy Bluet's cold brow with water, and then he thankfully beard the doctor arrive at the cottage. Dr. Humphrey came into the room very quietly. He felt Lady Blunt's pulse, and sounded her heart, and gave an almost imper ceptible shake of his head as he did so. Then he proceeded to use means to recover her, and after a considerable time she revived. Her first words were characteristic, 'It was the heat,' she said, looking with her sunken eyes from the doctor to Robert. 'Yes,' said Robert, with ready sympathy in his looks and manner, 'and now that you feel better I will leave you with the doctor Yes, it was the heat.' It was not hot, but a bright fresh Septem ber day, with a breeze on the water and among the rustling branches of the trees, from which the leaves fell dancing down fast and merrily. Not hot, but cold, cold ? aud Lady Blunt shivered as with a sudden chill as Robert Fletcher left the room, and she drew tbe coverlet of the bed on which she lay around her. 'Where am I?' she asked the next minute, looking up at Dr. Humphrey. 'In Robert Fletcher's house,' answered the doctor ; and as he spoke a sudden change came over Lady Blunt's face. ' In Robert Fletcher's house !' she re peated; -4then ? ' Oh ! what a tide of bitter thoughts rushed over her at that momentj! Robert Fletcher's house — his mother's house, where, ia her girlish days the woman lived whom her hug band bad loved— loved even after she was dead— thought Lady Blunt with a bitter angry sigh. 'Who brought me here?' she asked haughtily. ' It was the nearest house— Lidy Blunt, you must cot excite yourself. Remember if you do, you will be very ill,' answered the doctor. So, with a moan, Lady Blunt turned her head upon tbe pillow, and lay still. She felt, indeed, phjeieally incapable of moving. Tae strain she had put on herself had been too much for her, acd she was utterly shattered with her osen overpowering emotion. And while she lay there, overcome and broken hearted, there entered swiftly at the honey suckled porch of the cottage from which her mother had fled, an angry, indignant, pas tienate woman. This was Mary Fletcher. She had heard that Lady Blunt had been taken to their cot tage, acd the most passionate anger had rushed into her heart. Forgetting her charge, forgetting everything but her burning in dignation, she at once hurried home, and now entered the parlor where Robert was sitting, absolutely pale with passion. 'Who brought that woman here?' she asked, ' Who dared to bring her here ! ' 'Mary!' eaidRoberb, starting to his feet, ' for heaven's sake be quiet !' ' Who brought her here ! ' repeated Mary, trembling with excitement, 'i won't have Lady Blunt here. Robert! have you no feeling, none, none for your dead mother !' 'Hush Mary! be silent,' said Robert, seizing his sister rather roughly by the shoulder, 'surely on a day like this, just from poor Chester's funeral, you ought to have a little consideration, a little forbearance, and Lady Blunt is very ill.' Before the angry indignant words, framing on Mary's lips in reply to this could be uttered, the door of the parlor once more opened, and Dr. Humphrey, looking very grave and pale, came in. ' Excuse me Miss Fletcher,' he said, 'but Lady Blunt's condition is precarious, and she can hear your voice upstairs.' Mary's eyes fell as Dr. Humphrey spoke, and an expression of shame came over her face, but still she answered with a certain defiance of manner. ' She had no right to come here,' she said. As Mary said this, Dr. Humphrey looked at her with great pity. She stood there, a beautiful j oung woman, who secretly writhed he well kt-ew under tho misfortune of her birth, but who usually wrapped herself in cold pride and reserve. But now she was excited out of this ; in her passionate anger she wa? betraying the true bitterness of her soul. ' Lady Blunt was brought here while un conscious,' continued the doctor, with a ring of sympathy in his voice which Mary'a womanly ear quickly recognised, 'aud it really would cot be safe for her in her present state of health to be moved for an hour or two, and bo if I may, Miss Fletcher, I would like now to escort you back to Westwood House, for I feel a little uneasy about our patient there.' Mary bit her lips, acd turned away her head, and then with an « fforfc she spoke— ' I had better go,' she Said, and without looking at Robert, and with her atately head erect, she walked oat of the cottage. ' Poor Mary,' said Robert, as she passed out of tbe porch. ' I will go after her,'1 said the doctor, and so he followed Mary, overtaking her as she walked quickly aloDg the path by the lake side. ' You walk fast/' said Dr. Humphrey, with a smile. 'Do I?' answered Mary, without turning her head. 'Do not be vexed with Robert,' continued Dr. Humphrey, walking by her side, 'he could cot help doing what he did, for Lady Bluet was dangerously ill.' ' She should cot have gone to Mr. Chester's funeral,' said Mary coldly. ' That is a matter of opinion ; she could cot forsee she would be taken ill, you know.' For a moment or two Mary made no answer to tbis, and then she gave one quick tremulous glance at her companion. 'Do cot think me quite heartless,' she eaid, ' but— you know the circumstances.' ' Yes, acd £ thick you over estimate them,' ?aid the doctor frankly. ' Over estimate them !' repeated Mary quickly. ' How can you over estimate what bas robbed you of everything ?' ' Not of everything,' said Dr. Humphrey, and as he spoke a sudden flood of color dyed Mary's face, and even stole dosrn to her shapely throat. ' What do you think of Florence Chester ?' she asked hastily. ' I mean do you thick she will soon be well?' 'Yes, I thick she will,' answered the doctor. 'She has an excitable tempera ment, acd the sudden shoak of her father's death completely upset her for a time, bat it will all pass aw»y— she is an attractive girl— did you know her well before her ill ness?' 'I had just spoken to her that was all- yes, ehe is a pretty girl ; I suppose she will marry Robert?' ' I suppose so,' smiled Humphrey, 'for tbe present, of couhp, it is out of the ques tion—for the present tney must go to La3y Blunt's.' ' I do cot think Florence will go.' ' Oh, ses, she will— she will Bee byand bye tbe reason for it— in a week or so. I hope sbe will be well enough to go.' Acd this prophecy of Dr. Humphrey's proved true. In a fortnight after her father's funeral, Florence Chester was so far re covered from the sharp attack of fever that bad seized upon her brain, that wrapped in a white shawl, and pale acd trembling, she was able ore sunny morning to go down into the garden leaning on Mary's arm, whom she had earnestly entreated not yet, to leave her. She was quite herself now, and again and again had thanked Mary for her kindneis in nursing her. ' It is so good of you,' she often said, and she would slide her white little trembling bacdicto Mary's firm cool palm. She was attractive, as the doctor had said, this girl, if cot beautiful. Sbe was tall and slender, with email features, and beautiful dark sjee, acd there were many who called her handsomer than the really lovely Mary Fletcher. Bnt it was in truth her manner that was her chief charm. ' Where is Flo ? her poor father used to cry the moment he returned home, and Flo ueed to hang on her father's arm, laughing and chattering, and telling him in her pleas ant way all the little gossip of the day ; leaving the plainer elder sister very much alone. Mr. Chester had indeed been very proud of Florence, acd used sometimes to annoy Lady Blunt by talking too much of her beauty. Lady Blunt, in fact, did not see this beauty, and was moreover a woman who did not like beauty. It was unjust, she though., that some should bave this gift and w.a love «o easily and others— perhaps mire worthy of love— find it so hard to ejt acd hard to keep. So she would tell Mr. Chester the did not think Florence handsome, acd that his eldest girl, Bessie, was quite as good-locking ; but Mr. Chester used to shake his head and smile. He knew Florence was handsome, and he knew also that Robert Fletcher, and most men also who had ever looked on her face, or listened to her wincing tongue, thought her handsome. But this was not so with Bessie. 'Bat is she true?1 sometimes Mary Fletcher asked herself, as she sat ia the ,uccy garden at Wettirood, acd watched the mobile, attractive face of the girl that one dey she expected would be her sister. Aci Alary could never quite answer this mental question to her o wn satisfaction. Yet ?tffl she admitted that Florence Chester; if smiling add gracious in tbe presence of her friecdi , was equally gracious in speaking of them fa their absence. There was, however, an exception to this, and this one exception was Lady Blunt. When maddened by her sudden Iosa, and all through the fever that subsequently attacked her brain; she had always said Lady Btun ? killed her father, and now, sane, and quickly regaining her health, ahesudprettymuch the same thing. 'Of course, I cannot tell what it was,' she told Mary, 'buthejwouldneverfaavedoae what he did bnt for Lady Blunt. Perhaps she h vd refuted him — I used sometimes thiok he meant to marry her — I cannot tell, but deir father's last hour's were, I am sure, embittered by Lady Blunt.' Mary conld not tell her what was generally supposed to have embittered her father's la it hour*. She conld not say people said this or that ; but when Florence said something oE the same kind to Robert Fletcher about Lady Blunt, Robert answered, with quick earnest ness— 'Do not blame Lady Blunt, Miss Florence, she is — she was your father's truest friend.' Robert had indeed just reason to say this. In these days, when Florence and Mary, aud sometimes Bessie Chester were sitting in the sunny garden at Westwood, Robert in his new capacity as agent to the property, wa3 wading through Mr. Chester's muddled ac counts in a back room of the house, where the late master had transacted his business. And as he went on with his task Robert grew more amazed and touched by the generous love that had done so much to shield the memory of her friend. They were not small sums that Mr. Chester had appropriated. They were indeed such Urge sums that Robert and Lady Bluet were forced to dis cuss tbe painful details together, and to con sult how Mr. Chester's affairs could be best hidden from the world, and also from the young heir, Sir Harry Biunt. But whilst yet in the midst of man? per plexing questions, both to Lady Bluut and Robert Fletcher's annoyance, young Sr Harry unexpectedly arrived at Weirmere. He came one eight, acd early tie next morn ing, while Mary and Fiorenc: Chester were as usual in the garden at West food, to their surprise young H&rry; Blunt opened the garden gate and walked in very uicere xncniously. He, however, looked and felt abashed when he saw Mary acd Florence. 'Beg your pardon,'' he saiJ, tjuobiagihis bat, 'didn't expect any of you ladies would be up at this hour ; and I cine on a little business.' ' My brother, Mr. Fletcher, will ba here presently,' said Mary, coldly. ' Oh ! then you're Miss Fletcher ?' said Sir Harry, looking at Marj'd handsome face. 'Oh — yes, of course— but it's of no conse quence. What I want — only a rift's I lent poor Chester. ' ' A rifle ?' said Florence Chester, who had cotyet spoken. ' Then I can get it for you ; I know where it is ; my father pointed a rifle out to me not long before his death, and said it belonged to you— to Sir Harry Blunt.' As Florence said this young Harry looked at her with his somewhat bloodshot eyes, apparently in great astonishment. 'Why, you are not, surely — you cannot ba — ooe of poor Chester's girls V he said, still staring at Florence's face. 'Yes,' she answered, with a smile; I am Florence Chester ; but I have cot seen you for four yearp.' 'By Jovtv !' exclaimed young Harry, acd cotbitg more, 'I «as away the last time you were here,' continued iioreoce, in her smiling gracious way. ''But don't you remember me even a little bit ; I remember you.' 'You are so changed — so improved,' blurted cut. Harry Blunt, with his eyes yet fixed en Florence, 'I— I remember a half grown girl— I mean young lady; but sou——' 'I am quite grown now, you see,' said Florence, fc till smiling, 'and I con get you -our gun if you want it— only I am eo weak, for 1 have been so very ill — and some one rtust fcive iue an arm.' Florence Chester looked at young Harry as ibe said tbia in ber pretty appealing way, and btfore Marv could offer her any assistance Hcrence was absolutely leaning on Harry Blunt. 'I feel so shaky,' she taid, smiling, and lecking at the young man whose face was only level with her own. The young man also felt 'shaky.' A strange nervous feeling stole over him. This white- robed girl, with her shining dark eyes, leasing on bis arm, created a new and unac customed emotion in his heart. 'Lean on me,' he stammered out, and so tbe two vent away, leavicg Mary alone in tbe sunny garden. She Eat there nearly half an hour. She did cot like to follow Florence and young Blunt, and yet ehe felt that probably both Dr. Humphrey and Robert would scold her for allowing Florence to over exert herself. And presently Robert appeared at the garden gate, acd at once asked anxiously for Florence. ' She has gone into the house with young Blunt,' answered Mary. 'Hecime to seek a gun he bad lent Mr. Chester, aud Florence has gone v ith him to get it.' 11 Good he aveos ! you don't mean it !' cried Robert. 'Why, Mary, that rifle is in the gunroom, and in tbe gunroom, too, is tbe pi&tol; with which poor Chester ended his life !' Acd without another word, and quite pale, Robert hurried down the garden, and west hastily into the house to seek Florence acd Sir Harry. (To be continued. I 