REVIEW. CARLYLE m LONDON.* '_ I. Goethe said, and Carlyle quoted the saying, that on I the lives of remarkable men ink and paper should least toe spared. Mr, Froude evidently believes in that saying, and adds two more bulky volumes to the already con- siderable library of the personal history of Mr. Oarlyle. It cannot be said that these volumes are unwelcome, or in any sense de trop. The interest in Oarlyle ia as fresh now as on the day of his death, and has acquired a new zest by the points raised in the " Letters and Memorials " of Mrs, Carlyle. By that clever and sur- prising, in some respects distressing volume, a obarge was raised if not formulated against Carlyle, which it is expected will in some degree be answered in this volume. It may bo eaid that this somewhat vague charge is satisfactorily met and explained, though to answer, tho biographer no more condescends than did the man, hero or martyr, through tho days and the troubles of his life. "Whatever answer there may be to tbe charges of the " Letters and -»inmortal- " is rather in the way of a judioial summing up of the whole case than of a spoech in reply ; and indeed, however great a hold it may havo tahen upon tho public attention. It is but a < trivial and insignificant portion of the book. The more we understand of it, the more ara we disposed to regrot that it waa ever mads public. It can but irritate per » eons of judgment and honest desire to get at the faotB of the man's life, while to minds weak and envious it finds an easy way for something approaching blasphemy. /It does not, however, intrudo in the early portion of the first of thus- volumes, Thoro was no rift in the lute of üome-tio accord then, or the voice of genius and propheoy would most assuredly have been hushed for ever. A.D. 1884, rotat 89, is the beginning of the life in London. And what a life ! £200 as a oapital, con- sciousness of supreme genius as a stimulant or irritant, a bilious constitution, and a year' of laborious disap- pointment, with apprehension of want and dis- tress in a near future, and no aBsuranoo* whatever of acceptance from the publio of anything that might be produced and offered. " Sartor Reeartus " had already been published, so that it was no unknown litterateur who knocked at pub- lishers' and editors' doors j but it waa that absolutely unique and unhappy oreaturo, a oomparatively young writer with an independence equal to his eelf-ooneoious Ee86; one who would follow no party, submit to no »discipline, adopt no style, who had a message to deliver, and would deliver it in his own way or smother it in his own son.. There were abundant openings for him kif he wonld adapt himself to them, oven before John Sterling prooured him the perfeotly useless invitation to write for the 2Stne«: but they did not fit, and ho would neither pad nor trim to suit their dimensions. Hence he was poor, desperately, poor ; and nothing but the fixed desire, or it might be eaid the compelling necessity, to deliver himself of the 'Trenoh Revolution, prevented bim from abandoning i literature, and turning his hand to whatever occupation ; ¡ate might provide. Fate kept him to bis proper work. (4: Had it been possible he would have looked back from ./j' »he plough to which nature had sot his hand upon the ff '¡turning of the manuscript j but mourn and fret and ¿ume as he might, he oould not turn. A voico, iistinot and imperativo as that which came to John in tatmos, was with him, saying, "Write, write;" and thus with soul and body-anguish, labour unspeak- able, varying suooess, and long- delayed' recognition, SB is fully set down and described in the nine hundred edd pages of these volumes, write he did, until the who! o world listened and very slowly began to »leam. We find little but depression and labour in the earlier chapters, an occasional meeting with some nota- bility of the time, and, as a natural consequence, a bold and grapbio portrait, Southey appears thus ¡ " Southoy, who received mo k'ndly. A lean, grey, -whlteheadcd mun of dusky complexion, unexpectedly tall when ho rises and still loaner then-the shall j« est chin, Smminont snubbid Roman uoao. Munll careliuol I row, ugo bush of white grey hair on high crown and projoming on all sidos, the most vehement pair of faint ha_el eye« I :havo over soon-o woll-rtad, honest, limited (stroll-l-iot d ovan), kindly-hearted, most irritable man." And a little later Wordsworth, of whom " Tho old man has a flue shrewdness end naturalness m f_is expression of faoo, a long Cumberland figure ; one finds 'also a kind of Binoerity lu his speech. But for prolixity, thinness, endless dilution, it excels all tbo other «penah I hoard from mortals. A genuine man, which is muoh, but also essentially a small genuin« man. Nothing porhape is sadder (of the glad Jelnd) than the un- bounded laudation of suoh a man, and proof of the rarity of . auob. 1 fanoy, however, he has fallen into the garrulity of ago, and is not what he was ; also that his environment and rural prophethood hashurt him much. He seems ini ,patientthat oven Shakespeare should bo admired. ' ho much Jout of my own pocket.' The shake of hund he gives yt u Is .focklese, ogotistioal. I rather fancy ho love« nothing In the world bo much as one could wish. "When I compare 'that man with a great man, alas! ho is dwindling Into a oontemptibiiity. Jean Paul, for example, (neither was ho great), could have worn him in a finger-ring.' And again: Have soen 'Wordsworth, nn old, vury 'loquaoioua-indeed, quite proBing man, with a tint of naturalnoss, of Bincorc insight, novertboIesB. Ho has boen much spoiled ; king of bia company, unrecognised, and then adulated. Worth little now. A gonuine kind of man. but intrinsically and extrineically a small one, let thom sing or Bay what they will." Nor is it on record that ho altered these opinions, or trew to regard them as conclusions drawn with bitter- ness beoause in a bitter time. He no more changed his views of Wordsworth than of Basil Montagu. Basil Montagu offered him a olerkship and £200 per annum, .whioh drew from him the wish that " Afontagudom generally would keep ite own Bide of the pavement," and not suppose that Polar boars could be so reduoed as to be safely trusted with the tending of rabbits. It waa the ignorance rather than the impertinence of the man he resented. Of oourso he ought to have deep_ed both, or,] rather, with a true worldly wisdom to have aooepted the _200 per annum, and havo added thereto in ordinary and easy ways. Ko offended and possibly instructed Montagu and finished tbo Fronoh Revolution. It ia unnecessary to follow M. Froude in his oritioiem or review of the groat work whioh lifted Carlyle to fame and the lecture platform ; but it is ourious and instruc- tive, and in a measure disappointing, to see how his mind formed, by the study of this greatest of all modern , events, turned by-and-byo to the contemplation of the ¡promise of a revolution in England. That, however, was not till muoh moro education of time and oircum BtanoOB had been endured. Tho leotures, with theil- results, havo been fully enough described before, and little is added here boyond on amplified account of Oarlyle'a disgust with tho whole businces. lie could not get his audionoe into sympathy with those things ho desired to say to them. It was " as if one should attempt to eing through a fleooe." Yot for a year or two they Bccured him against poverty, and, perhaps, did moro than has boen estimated in adver tieing his books, all of which, from tho time of tho publishing of tho Revolution, began to grow in the public esteem. Sartor even was talked about once more, and not with tho wholesale condemnation and ridicule which had greeted his first appearance ; and eooiety opened its gates i people wero eager to talk with the man who had talked so to their innermost souls . »from the platform, while those who had themaelves either thought or wrought, came seeking and acknow- ledging. Amongat others, who but tbo young Count D'Oreay, Phoebus Apollo of dandyism, "Nevertheless, wedid amazingly well, the Count and I. Ile ia a tall fellow of 6 feet 3, built like a lower, with floodB of dark auburn hair, with a beauty, with an adornment unsurpasnable on thia planet* ; withal a rather substantial fellow at bottom, by no moana without inBight, without fun, and a sort of rough Baronsm rather striking out of such a porcelain figure. He said, looking at Shelley's bunt, in hi» Prunoh accent, . Ab, it is ono of those faces who wcci.li to swallow their chin. ' " Then at a dinner, at the Stanleys' in Dover-street, Lord Holland, Lord Normanby, Morpoth, Lansdowne, French, G uizot, the Queen of beauty, &o;,, "Nay, Pickwiok, too, was of tho samo dinner party, though they do not «onm to hood bim ovor-muoh. He ia a fine little fellow-Boz, 1 think. Clear, blue, intelligent eyes, eyebrow» that ho arones amazingly, largo piotruBivo rather loose mouth, a face of mont extreme inobilitv, which he shuttles about- eyebrows, eyes, mouth, and all-in ii Very sinaular manner whilo speaking. Surmount thU with o looBe 'coil of common-coloured hair, and set it on a small comoaot figure, vory email, and drenad à la ü'üieav rather than well-this ia Pickwiok. For the rcBt a quiot, shrawd looking, litllo follow, who teems to guess protty well what be is and what others aru." And by-and-byo Tennyson comes: «' One ovening, when ho caine home from his walk, ho found Tennyson sitting with Mrs. Curl)le in the garden, ernoklng comfortably. Ho admired and almost loved Tenny- son. Hoi says :-A fine, large-featured, dim-eyed, bronze * Thom»* Carlyle, a history of Ms li/, in london, 1834 1B41 Bv 3kui» AiwnoSY /uoui.k, MA London: ÎÏÏmans, Green, and Co. Sydney : W. Maddock coloured, shaggy -leaded" man is Alfred ; dusty, smoky, freo and easy, who swims outwardly ond inwardly with great composure in an inarticulate element of tranquil chnoi und tobacco smoke. Great now and then when he dots emerge-a most restful, brotherly, solid-hearted man." | Macaulay he oonld never endure: _" At bottom, this Macaulay is but a poor creature with his dictionary literature and erudition, his saloon arrop-unce. He has no vision in bim. He will neither see nor do any great thing, but be a poor Holland Houso unbeliever, with flpp-tacles instead of oyes, to the end of him." This, though be once went so far as to express some hope of amendment, was nevor seriously modified. AmongBt other visitors came a young Boston lady described as a " diseased rosebud." Pueeyism at this time oame demanding his attention, a knooking at the general door of the world : "Did you (ho wrolo to Stirling) in the course of your histoncttl inquiries, over fall in with any phenomenon ade- quately comparable to Puseyisa. ¥ The Church of England Btood long upon her tithes and her decencies; but now she takes to shouting in the markot-place, ' My tithes ure nothing, my decencies aro nothing, I am either miraculous celestial or else nothing.' It is to me the fatallest symptom of speedy change she ever exhibited. What nn alterna- tive !_ Men will soon see, ivhelher you are miraculous celestial or not. Woro a pair of breeches,ever ¿town to beget a son?" His groat work when the lectures had been at least temporarily abandoned, and publisher's honesty meeting publio appreciation began to put oom fortablo sums in his pocket, was Oromwell. Mill asked him to write for his review an article on Cromwell. Mill's editor, however, determined to do tho Oromwell himself, and so the prophet after venting spleon resolved to make of Crom- well a book. Wo know what a book he made. It is pro- bable that no man living or dead ,6ver received such ser- vice from another as did Oromwell from Oarlyle. He did really and truly reoovi r the man, and drag, or rather build him up, stone by stone, solid, magnificent erect, until ho stood complete as compréhensible, a mona.oh to rule the thought and claim the admiration of all the ages. The work of that building, as here described, will probably astonish ordinary bookmakers as bookreaders. It was thought about in the year '44. It was begun in '45. The first edition was completed in '50. And through that time how he raoked his own soul for ideas, how he ransacked the libraries of Britain for information, how he roamed hither and thither to the birthplace, the living, ruling, fighting places of the mun ; how frequently he found himself heaped up with information, built about with ideas as with books, and yet destitute of- fne one idea he required ! " Oromwell has grown to bej a ghost, ' he said, " and will never take body again," " His time is a Golgotha of skulls." Nevertheless, the ghost was at last made to walk, and so strongly that he will move to and fro amongst the live ghosts of the world for ever. To moke matters more troublesome, while . the tem- pest of Cromwell was tossing in his soul, the Chartist difiioulty began to take shape in England, the carbonari to rook to and fro all the States of Europe ; and one and another came to him as to a prophet saying, "What shall wo do to be saved ?" The Liberal, the Radical world had so misjudged him as to suppose that he had any other word but-"¡Do your duty," "Itevolution," "Grand nation," "Rights of man.'' He hated them worse than corn laws and grand soignors, and bo came " Past and Present," bieaking the thread of the " Cromwell." In 1848 Lady Harriet Baring appeared, though happily the Gloriana business did not begin till a year later. Nothing but pity can be felt for the poor victtmB of the innocent but ill-advised attentions to this brilliant lady. There was no harm, only folly »in it, Oarlyle could not understand that woman's antipathy ¡b not to bo argued down, and did not perceive <¡hat antipathy rooted in the very being of hie wife. Had Lady Harriet boen a pioture, a btatue, a memory a thousand years old, the " bewildered goody '' .wonld have worshippsd and ad- mired with him ; but being feminine and present and imperative, the notion of usurpation crept in, and the passion never laoking in "goody's " composition blBzed out. There were soenes, estrangement, and instead of any effort to win back, if indeed anything had been lost, strong and passionate protest. Mrs. Carlyle is sketobed in various paragraphs through the book as a woman, not all abnegation, howevor kind and true. Here is a picture : "Her foitures were not lofrulur; but I thought I had never seen a more interesting-looking woman. Her hair wob »«ven black, her eyes dark, soft, ead, with dnugeirim« light in them Carlyl.'s look wus rich, lull, soorniul; hers delicately mooklùg.'* And again :- ' " She on her part, no doubt, bad muoh to put up with. I? was not cany to live with a hu-bund subjeot to strange Uta of passion and depression ; ofteu us unreasonable ss,a child, aud with a 'litancsque power of making niountuim» out of' molehills. But she might have seen mure olearlv ihsnsbe did, in these deliberate expressions of his feeling, the soundness of his judgment, and the genuine simple (ruth and1 lojalty of his heart. Let those marritd pairs who never know a aumrel, whoso day« run onpnrufllcd by a bree-n, bo grateful that their lot has been cast in pleasant oircuuistunccS, for otherwit-e their experience will have been diffeient. Let thom bo grateful that they aro not persons of ' genius ' or blessed or cursed with sarcastic' tonguei». 1 ho disorder which had drivon Mrs. Carlyle to Scotland waa mental 'a» well aB bodily.' The bent romody for it lav, after all, at home ; and she came back, as she said, after two raontha' abst_.ee 'a sadder "arid a wieor woman.' '' ' , ' ' " Charming, witty, brilliant, affectionately playful as «he naturally was, she had ' a hot tempor,' as C.rlyle had said, and a tonirue, when she was angry, like à cat's, which would t_ke tho »kin off at a touch." , , And as to style, the following may be taken :? "Mrs. Carlyle described to uo, some years after, inhere husband's presence, his sotting out on this expedition ; she dtow him in her finest stylo of mockery-his cloak, his knapsack, his broad-brimmed hut, his preparation of pipes, &o.-oijmparing; bim to Dr. Syntax. Ile laughed «B loud iib any of ub : it was impossible not to laugh ; but it strut k me, even then, that the wit, however brilliant, waa rather un tender." It must always be remembered, too, that Carlyle sought by all the persuasive arts he knew to induoe his wife to follow bim into the fascination of their newly-disoovercd star. There was never the suspioion of an intriguo, and unless, as was indeed too often the case, illness, sheer pbyeioal incapacity, prevented her, she might at any time, instead of enduring dolelul dumps and penning fearful lamentations, have'shared with her husband the society ho desired, and she was fitted to adorn. There is something almost ridiculously unfortunate in the lull and impartial chronicle of this time. Here is an extraot from a letter: " No word from you jet ; not the scrape of a pen this morning oither. li is not right, my poor dear Jeannie I it is not just nor according to fact ; and it deeply distresses nnd disturbs mo, who bad no neLd of distuibanco or distress otherwise, if all woru well known to thoe. ' But it is best that 1 suiler it with little commentary. To theo, iiIbo, I will beliovo it is no luxury. 1 said to myi-olf last night, while lousing and tumbling Hmid thousandfold annoyance*, outward and inward, ' It ia not lair all this-ro-lly it is not fair.' 1 wanted to do nono nny injury. Mv one wi.h and aim was to pius among tbem without hurting anv, doing good to nome if I ouuld. My own lot has beoti but oruptine.s, and they all cry : ' Sea, thou haut taken Bomething of mine!' The jackass brnyod, or the horse neighed, or Bunio of tho childrou toughed, and loused mo from thoi>o unprofitable reflociions. "¡leuce m bettor than most speech in tho ouse. 'Ibis, however, I will say and repeat : 'The annals of Itsanity coolum nothing madder than " jealousy " directed against Buch a journoy ii« I huvo beforo mo to-duy.' Behoved or not, that is verily a fuct. 'I o the deopost bottom of my heart that I oun sound, I find far other feelings, farothor humours and thoughts at present than bulong to 'jealousy' on your part. Alas! ulan! I must, on tho whole, allow the infernal deities to go their full swing: but madness shall not conquer, if nil my suints can hinder it. Oh, my Jeannie! my own truo Jeannie! bravest little lifo companion, hitherto, into what cour-oa nio wo tending? God antust us both, and keep ub fice i rom filghtful N illginna and tcniptatiors of Sat in. 1 um, iniieed, very niiterablo. My mother at-ks :-.' No word fiom Jane jotp' And, in spite of her astonishment, I um obliged to answer, ' Nono.' '. It should bo noted, however, that this letter was writton just bb he was on tho point of starting to join a party of friends, amongst whom was Lady Harriet. Mrs. Carlyle wrote to Joseph Ma/zinl, nnd the replies of that good man, patriot, hero, oarbonari, rebel, are as true and tondcr and wise epistles as could have pro- ceeded from any paBtor or father of the church. It is pleasant to read tbem, hero, remembering tho bard-linod vitriol sketches, albeit scratched with a golden pen recently given to us in another volume of memoirs. TboBe letters helped hor much, " the, like a sonsihlo woman, crushed down hor own dis salisfuctiun. Tho intimacy was to go on upon whatever forms Carlyle pleased,and she resigned herself to tnko apait in it, since thero wiib no roasonnblo otuso to bo alleged for cessation or interruption. But tho wound fretted inwardly and would not "eui. Sha and her hunband had quarrelled often enough before-they had quarrelled and mado it up again, for they had both hot tempers and sharp tongues-but thero had boen nt bottom o gonuine and hearty confldoueo in each othor, a strong sincere otlcction, resting on mutual respeot and mutun. admiration. The feeling remained essentially unbroken, but the one edgo of it had sufiored. Small occasions of provocation constantly recurred. Mrs. Carlyle consented to s'uv,vvilh Lady Harnet^and submit to her authority as l often and as much as she required ; tho sense of duty aoting as perputual curb to her impatience. But the wound burBt out at intervals, embittering Carlylo'e life, and saddening j a disposition which did not need further clouds upon it." Lady Harriot seems to have been particularly unfor- tunate in her methods of showing kindnees. Her patronage was all too plain, "YVhilo Carlyle waa away in Lancashire, we read : " Lady Harriet Baring, hearing Bbe wos alone in Cheyne Row, had oarried her off to Addiscombo, and little guessing tho state of her mind, and under the impression that she was hypochondrmcal, had put her undor a course of braoinir. She wanted wine when Bhe waa exhausted; Lady Harriet thought wine unwbolraonie. She was not allowed to go to bed when tortured with head.ioho. She suffered from cold, and lighted a fire in hor bed- room. Firos were not allowed in Addierombe so early in the autumn, and tho housemaid removed the coals. Lady Harriet meant only to bu kind, but was herself heaping fuel on a fire of a moro dangerous sort. Carlyle himcelf was relieved when'be heard that ' she wa« nt home again, out of that eonttramed lodging.' ' My mother's rage,' he wrote, ' has boen considerable ever sinco she heard of it ; " that the puir creature could nu get a bit fire ! not so much oa a bit ot fire for a' their grandeur. " ' " ?' Arid woree than that appears later on :- ' I " TheCarlylcB wore going for aholiday to Sootland. Lady Ashburton was goiug also. She hail engaged a palatial ourringo, whioh had boen made for the Queen aud her suito, und she proposed to take the Carlyles down with her. The oarriage consisted of a spacious taloon, to which, communi- cating with it, an ordinary compartment with the usual, six seats in it was' attached. Lady Ashburton oocupbd the saloon alone. Mrs. Carlyle, though in bad health and need- ing reBt nB much as Lady A.," was placed in the compart- ment with hor husband, the family doctor, and Lady A.'a maid, a position perfectly proper for her ff ehe was a depen- dent, but in whioh no| hidyi oould have been placed whom Lady Ashburton regarded'as her own equul in rank. It may bo that Mrs. Carlyle chose to have it so horself. But Lady A. ought not to havo allowed it, and Carlvle ought not to have allowed it, for it was a thing wrong in itself. W.o fear < it is tho " great lady" who must do penanoo in this difficult matter. Certainly she was the great sinner, and more, ehe, and sho alone, possessed the power to have made all things smooth at any time. Froude tells us Carlyle was enchanted for a while about the business, and epeakB of tho " bewildered goody." There seems something like onohontment indeed when one whose personal pride would not permit him to acoept the Grand Cross or a grove in the Abbey, would permit his .wife to ride with the menials of the greatest lady in the world. 