XPRP TATTfrg. By The Staff. Batty has purchased Umber'o, who will be trained by bis new owner in future. Countess, who had a very "soft thing" In the Bt-ndieo Trot, has been nurchastd bv Mr. Morris Jacobs for 80 guineas. Debbxtt, who may bo dubbed " the Hales of MttOiildud," is iiu' in Melbourne, end i.« prepared to take a mount or two while he remains here. Cobeioan made his first appearance on a Melbourne racecourse piune hu recent illness on Saturday at Caulfkld, when he rode Fame in the Steeplechase. Sting, the winner of the Adelaide Cup of '83, will shortly leave for India with hie owner, who telle us that, in the eveLt of the chesnut performing well, he shall forward hixn to England, One of tho first jobs performed by Mr. John Wliiiemau einuti bis return to (be " old trade" in Lov»!uckV Bdzanr in Bourke- ireet West, wan to shoe the t polling rtaliiou Contractor, who has been shod with tip, hie owner, Mr. J. J. Miller, being highly impressed with that ey em of shoeiog during his recent visit to America. Riley, who, it will be remembered, rode Navigator when, contrary to instructions, the "black wonder" was allowed to beat Solitude on the post in the Nurmanby Stakes of '82, has beeu engaged to ride in the Mauritius. Rumour ears be will steer the St. Album's caet-off, Dukedom, at the August meeting. « Mb patebfion'soldchetmut, Warlock, who, as athrp-year-old, bear. Chester in the Royal Pack Stake', and again in the Canterbury Plate, and who also won the Adelaide St. Li'irer and Adelaide Stakes, has been entered for the Coronation Handicap, of 50 8 jv6., at the next Muouee Valley Meeting. How are the mighty fallen ! " Vigilant" spotted the winner of the double Hurdle and Steeple at Bendigo be fore tbe ao-epUucys Were declared; his tip, Yerrp" and Chippenham, being published in the SrOETSiON ot the 4ib iost., the morning the w-it'h: were published ; he bUu e-lected The Ghot as one of fvur (out of 41) before the weights appeared for The Bracelet. Not a bad week's work. Cuhdon, the winner of the Ladies' Trophy at Beudigo, r«-nmiu8 in Mr. J. D. Robertson's stable. The son of Pi tea tor got away very badly iu the Telegraph Stakes, but made amend afterwards by beating Phantom and winning the Brucelet, io which event Sir William Clarke's old grey wsh barked f r pouudf, shilling, and peuce, but was unable to act in the mud nnder 9st. Gib. Power, who is now quite recovered from the < tleclb of the Mariiui-Morpoth accident at Raudwick, rode Primu- in the Bracelet and Richmond Handicap on Saturday. Another cuinei h nc-j c uueoted with the race for the Braot-l-t during the la-t two year- is thut Power aiiu O Bricn rode the second and third horre« rerpectively last year ttnd again fioi.-bed iu the sanvi order ou Satur day. When it i remembered that 42 horoea t-tii'rterl in '8". d 31 on Saturday, tbia coiucirh'.ic -i ire remarkable. Tjxe Ghost, whi h won the Ladiee Trophy at Caulheld on S ruru >j, ia hy Hamlet - Mystery, and is (be prup-rty of the geatie- man who races uudr the name of "J. G. Rrid." Twoc-invideucPh iu cuuoe' tion wih this race are worthy of note. The Bracelet has been won two years consecutively by animals bearing the ntin of Ghost, lat-t year'a winner being Mr. Weekes' roan, by Trt'geag'.c— Ada ; and the Hon. William Pearson has obtained the fee-rond Bracelet two yere running — last f-ason with Ltddington, and on SAturdny with Primus, who also fioibhed STOnd fi.i il < Richmond Handicap. Losi) Rosebeuy s hotfis, Cimeliard, who started firet i nvutirit- at two to one straight out, and about whoae obtaining a place in the Chester Cap odde of five to four ou were laid, could L'tt no nearer than sixth, the winner turning up in Mr. Merry'a Havock, who won easily by a length aud a half. Lord Rooebery'a horn", who looked all over a winner half a mile frnm home, wa collided with hnd knocked out of his stride, whiob loot him the race. The Chester course, on the R.iodce, is almost a complete circle, and more accident have occurred there owing to the numerous turur than on any other racecourse in the United Kingdom. 