A RECENT CONFERENCE OF THE CLERGY OF THE DIO CESE OF BALLAARAT. " Lav Readers." A conference of clergy of the diocese during the session of the Assembly was held in the schoolroom of Christ Church Pro- Cathedral, on the 12th December, under the presidency of the Bishop. There were also present the Archdeacon of "Warrnambool, the Revs. W. H. H. Adeney, J, C. P. Allnutt, A. Allnutt, J. W. Ball, H; H. Barren, Colin Campbell, R. T. Cummins,' E. H. Du Bois, W. TL Howell, C. Harris, &e.;, &c.; After introductory remarks by the President, the Rev. R. T. Cummins read a paper on " The Reader System, and How to' Improve It. " For a cer tain prejudice which existed against the Reader system two reasons were assigned — (1) its novelty ; (2) the frequent want, on the part of Read ers, of that discretion which would commend their office to acceptance.' A latitude had been allowed to desir ability- of the Reader's residing near the superintending clergyman, and enjoying the advantage of regular supervision.. The district served might tc some extent suffer by his non-residence, but the loss would be more than compensated for by the increased influence which one who had submitted to experienced training would exert. The Reader's duties should be clearly defined, and strictly confined to his proper, office. Readers should not preside at vestry or committee meetings, or be mixed up in the secular affairs of the Church. The dress of the Reader was of impor tance, the garb assumed by some being even more clerical in appearance than that, of many clergymen. This, besides misleading the public, had often the result of fostering vanity and self- importance in the Reader. The ad vancement of the Reader in his stud ies ' was most vital, but aid and direc tion would doubtless be forthcoming when the student was in earnest. A point of considerable importance was —What sermons should be used by the Reader ? The superintending clergyman was responsible for the ut- turances of the Reader placed under him but it was impossible for him to be so if extempore preaching were permitted ; while tthe use of sermons by eminent men, copied out by the Reader, not only proved misleading, but would, not unfrequently, place the clergy in au in a position inferior to his subordinate, and the speaker thought it better that such sermons should be read from a book without being copied. "The following paper on the same subject was read by the Rev> J. C. P. Allnutt: — " 1$ is 8n exceeding comfort, in these days of fretful changes, bold alter nations, and brand-new experiments' to remember how strong we. are, and how rich we are, in things that are tried, and -good, and old. Without further preface, let us remind ourselves that the office of Reader, of late years revived, is almost as old as the three orders of the Christian ministry. Fifteen hundred years ago at least there were Readers in the Greek and Latin churches. So saith Burn in his Ec clesiastical Law , quoted by Bishop Perry in his paper in the Office of Readers ; but for the germ and fore shadowing of the office might we not go back, even lo the Holy Land ? . . . And now I am asked by our Bishop, and therefore in the provi dence of God it falls to my lot, to say something about the Reader system of to-day, and how it can be im proved. I confess to considerable, trepida tion ; and yet I speak right on, not in elaborate fashion, but simply touch ing on one or two points that I feel to be of the utmost importance. It seems to me that the keynote governing the whole tune, the very centre and pivot, upon which every thing depends, is that the Reader shall be the nominee of the clergy man, fiot as a matter of form, but as a matter of- fact. I see wisdom radiating at every point from Bishop Perry's old saying to his clergy, which ran somewhat in this form : — " My brethren,- you must stand between me and the Readers. I can have nothing to say to them. It is for you to satisfy yourselves as to their character and fitness, and if they pass my chaplain's examination I will appoint them on your recommendation. Butfrom the beginning to the end, re member, I hold you responsibleforthem." That was the old way, and it worked well: — well in a thousand ways, but X -- shall mention only two. 1\. It was well for the Angel of the diocese— 'i.e.-, the Bishop. He it is who- in God's providence has to over see — to float, as it were, between hea ven and earth — to look over, - and to have the care of, all the churches j and to be in special .communication', not so much with the laity as with the elders of the churches, the priests, jfche ministers of the- Lod, the stars in His hand, shining With His light, the "messengers, stewards, and watch men of the Lord, called by the Holy Ghost to teach and premo,nish, to feel and provide for the Lord's family," And now let me at last give wing to kindly thoughts that long, have strug gled tp be free.- Our Poet-Bishop — ' whose most- beautiful gifts of heart and brain — whose songs of the Be loved, sweet and full-, if undisturbed, would cheer and hearten us all — jvhose counsels Godward " in great matters." might bring us help, and Strength, and stay — has from the very first moment of landing on these shores had far too much work to do of the wrong sort, — just as the great lawgiver of Israel, the Prophet Moses, had until Jethro, the Arab sheik, gave his advice, and the man of God, following it, became stronger from, that .very hour,— -just as the Apostles had until they came to a full stop, and would do ho more, declaring that- it was " not reason that they should leave the Word of Cod and serve tables.'' And they came to so full a stop that they would not even look out the deacons, but said to the people, " Look ye out " — (that is your responsibility) — we will only " ap point." So I submit that— as in the Church in the wilderness, and as in the Church at Jerusalem, and as in the English Church at home, and as in the Ameri can Church, and as, I suppose, in the Holy Church throughout the world, and as in all at mies and all navies — those in highest office and command should be shielded, or set free from all labours that may be safely committed to other hands. And I think that, as far as Readers are concerned, the Bishop should, in all the earlier stages at least, deal with them only through their incumbents, and say to us in effect what Pharoah said to the son of Jacob: " Thou art Joseph, and with out thee shall no man lift hand or foot in all the land of Egypt." Then, secondly, my impression is that this state of things would be bet ter for the Readers. Where is the common foot-soldier who would not be spoiled if he were enlisted by the king, instead of by the recruiting ser geant ? Fancy a sailor having from the very start the ear of the admiral F How could he ever submit to be brought into shape after that ? It is hardly in human nature. But this is the kind of thing that M'in human nature. Case No. 1. — A young man is sent to me as a Reader. He has made no ap plication. He is sent. The very first glance of his eye says: "Now, you must treat me with some degree of deference, you know." The very first all too gentle pressure of his hand conveys a caution. He walks as a man who has held conference with the king. You receive him with as much kindness as you can command, and in due time speak of the district work. " Oh," says he, " I understand that I am to cut out my own work." Then said I — for I am telling a true story — " Will you kindly send off a telegram for me?" and I take a form and write : — " Mr. So- and-so declines to act under my guidance. Is he to hold an independent position ? " I said he might read the telegram going along. But before reaching the post office he returned to me and explained , and we smiled ourselves into a better frame of mind, and the matter passed ; but the air gradually became thick with difficulties. My piety, e.g.. was en tirely put into the shade by his ; for, without consulting me, he would free ly attend nonconformist prayer- meet ings, and I could say nothing — how could I ? Some may say why should I ? Exactly ! And that was what I thought. It seemed tb me that there -was a good deal of piety in the young fellow, and that it would be a pity to repress it, especially as the repressing of it would have brought me into hot water with my nonconformist brethren and others. And so things went on, but I regret to say that the Reader wound up most disastrously for the district and for himself. Now, I say that if that young man had been my son Timothy, or some body else's son Timothy, and had ap plied to me, and looked to me, and -consulted with me, and read , and wept , and prayed , and laughed with me, and depended on me ; and if we had both depended upon God s upholding grace together things might have been very different — better for him by far, and better for the flock over which the Holy Ghost hath, as I humbly trust, made me overseer. Of course I might have drawn some very pleasant pictures of Readers, now clergymen, who are, I may say, bril liant successes , in spite of the new system — grand fellows, who are doing right good work in the diocese — men whose hearts and minds are well in tune. And their manners, too. Some men, as we know, get tuned up for a particular occasion, like a harp, soon to fall back and be quite another thing when the occasion is past — e.g., Case No. 2. — A farmer asks : "Who is that Reader you have sent to us F I_can't make him out," "Why, what's the matter with him F " " Ob, I don't know. He don't seem to me to shape much like a parson." "Why notF" "Well I'll tell you one thing : he walks up and down our house with his hat on, and he ' don't talk like a parson a bit. You say you didn't send him down F Who did, then, if you did'ntF " It may be objected that that was the sharp criticism of a labouring man. Exactly. But listen next to another opinion from a highly educated Christian lady : "Whoever is that manF His man ners are shocking. He flatly contra dicts you at table, and calls my grown up daughters by their Christian names. I could not help saying : ' Really, Mr. Blank, I am not accus tomed to hear my daughters spoken of in that way.'" And so the lady asks, " Wherever did you get him from F " Now," what could I say either to the lady or to the Reader F Under the circumstances, had I a right to say anything in particular, except that, " No doubt he is a good fellow, you know ; sure to turn out a diamond, although a little rough just now," and so on F For loyalty's sake I could hardly say more, hardly less. To be delicate I had to be dumb ; and even now, If I had not been ask ed to read this paper the cat would not have got out of the bag. But I beg very distinctly to say that these are not reflections on the Bishop, but on the new system, upon which, allow me to remind you, I have been invited to suggest improvements. And I say there is little hope of improving a soldier whom the king instead of the recruiting sergeant has enlisted, or a sailor who from the day he steps on board claims his direct instructions from the admiral. Human nature can bear ©r such strain as that. I do not profess to have shed much light upon this subject. I have left a good deal for abler hands. But I think I have made it sufficiently plain that a Reader should begin at the beginning, and wear no spurs until he has won them. To my mind we want two classes of Readers 1\. Those who find their dreams ful filled in occupying a lower office for the dear sake of their Lord Jesus. Capable, but unambitious, middle- aged men ; men who will neither ape the clergyman, nor lower the clergyman's office in the eyes of the people. Such men I have known and reverenced. They were often the stamp of men who in the old days held congregations to gether until the places ripened into cures. 2\. Then, secondly, in young Readers who look forward to the ministry we want to see surely the budding of such gifts and graces as St. Paul bids Timothy and Titus to look for in candidates for the higher ministry. Power of sanctified intellect is, no doubt, a very grand thing indeed ; but St Paul, who was very eminent for that, seems to have been more anxious about power of faith aud love. What, for example, was the attraction in Timothy ? St. Paul was drawn to wards Timothy because of his "unfeign ed faith " for one thing, because of his deep feeling for another, " being mind ful of thy tears. " And what was the crowning reason F Was it not his knowledge of Holy Scripture ? The Church wants biddable young men, with sound minds in fairly sound bodies (although Timothy was not over-strong) ; men whose long Sunday rides will never secularise them, be cause, after hard gallops, they will pull up and wipe the sweat from their faces and pray to God for gift and grace to minister aright, and straight receive supply for all their need ; for He who keeps the sea bird calm on tossing waves, or lightly lifts her up to soar above them all, will make them independent of circumstances. Lip may be touched and heart may burn far away from all remindings of " mjnster transept, where lights like glories full, and the organ rings, and the choirs sings, " for " Christ is a substitute for everything." Oh for young men of the Jonathan type, who will strip themselves of robe and sword, of bow and girdle, for the David, the Christ of their heart's love ! They are the men for us to beckon out and to cherish, and to help forward in every possible way; men who would never hear the miserable proverb, " Self-preservation is the first law of nature, " without, as Christian " soldiers, " quietly saying to them selves, "Yes, but self- preservation is the very last law of grace. " "He that loseth his life shall find it. " Archdeacon Beamish thanked Mr. Allnut for his paper. He saw no ob jection to Readers preaching tran scribed sermons. His habits should be matters of advice. Saturday should always be employed by the Reader in preparation for Sunday, and Monday should be observed as a holiday. The Rev. J. W. Arnold thought that the difficulty of the authorship of ser mons not being known by the congre gation might be obviated by the name of the author being given by the Read er before commencing his sermon. He also thought that some dedicatory service should be used on the appoint ment of Readers. The Rev. J. W. Ball said that such a service had been authorised by the late Archbishop Tait. The Rev. W. Swinburne concurred -with Mr. Arnold on this point. The Bishop said that it might an swer the purpose if his license were publicly read by the Reader on his appointment. The Rev J. M. Watson concurred in the views of the Archdeacon in re gard to sermons. The object of the appointment of a Reader was two fold — the good of the man and the good of the Church ; and every effort should be made to secure both. The Reader should receive special training in the art of public speaking, and should be brought more under the control of his superintending clergy man than at present, a careful journal of his work being submitted at regular intervals for his perusal and counter signature. The Rev. H. C. E. Morris would like to say a few words on the other side. His own experience had led him to feel that no one would be more heartily glad of supervision and help than a good Reader, but often he sought for it in vain, and being forced to do the best they could without supervision and without advice was the very thing the Readers felt deeply and would like to have altered. He did not look upon Readers as at all a a terrible class of men, requiring so many statutes of limitation, but would urge upon the clergy the great claims of the Readers on their sympathy, en couragement, and fatherly guidance. The only improvement likely to raise the standard of men offering for this work would be for the work itself to offer higher inducements. The Rev. J. E. E. May gave his ex perience of Readers, and spoke of -the necessity of systematic study on the part of those who desired to become able ministers of the New Testa ment. Rev. J. Norton thought that it was not always desirable that Readers should look for ordination. The President said that the Confer ence was deeply indebted to the gen tlemen who had so ably responded to his invitation to read papers on this important subject. He would ask those gentlemen to allow him te have those papers for the publication of extracts. With reference to much that had been said by the gentlemen who read the papers, they appeared to have been scarcely cognisant of a tract, entitled " Practical Counsels for Readers," which he had issued soon after coming to the diocese, and was given to every Reader, and which contained definite advice and caution on most of the points they bad touched upon. No doubt, however, much good would come from what had been said. With reference to one point touched upon by his friend Mr. Allnut, he would remark that those who knew all the practical difficulties of administering a young and strug gling diocese would understand how impossible it was, and would for some to come be for the Bishop of Ballarat tb' dissociate himself alto eether from, the routine and detail working of the diocese.—' €. ofE. Mess. Letters from the Lev. 2). McNab to the Government of W. A. relative to the Settlement and Civilisation of the A borigines of Western Australia. 