AUSTRIA. ANOTHER EXPOSURE OF SPIRITISM An amusing defeat of the American spiritualist, Mr. Bastian, is announced from Vienna, where (says the Pall Mall Gazette) for some time the eminent medium has been the cause of much discussion among the higher and highest classes of society. The Crown Prince of Austria and Archduke John, having determined to sound the mysteries of Mr. Bastian's art, arranged three seances at the Archduke's residence. The first was held without any revelations, but before the second meeting began preparations were secretly made to catch the ghost in a trap. After the select audience had gathered in a dimly-lighted room a spirit in a garb of mourning silently entered, while the medium was apparently lying in the next room stiff and fast asleep. This room was separated from that in which the audience was assembled by a curtained doorway through which the ghost passed. In this entrance the conspirators, however, had fixed a secret door, which they could shot silently and inBtatitly by touching a spring, while the motirnfal ghost was flitting before the awe-struck assembly this door suddenly shut, and the ghost, who stood revealed as Mr. Bastian, vainly endeavoured to make his escape. The merriment of the company new no bounds when the medium's shoes alone were found in the next room, where a few moments before Mr. Bastian had been lying in mesmeric Bleep. The depression in spiritualistic circles is naturally very great. The Tablet says:—The Archduke John of Austria does not intend to let the spiritualists alone, for, after having exposed the celebrated medium, Harry Bastian, who for the past twenty years has made the profession of communicating with the unseen world a moat lucrative way of making money, the princely detective has issued a little work which is sure to have a large circulation, and which Is called " An Insight into Spiritualism." It is a faithful record of the Archduke's experiences with Mr. Bastian and other charlatans of his craft, and it certainly deserves the honour of being translated into English. _ 