OPETING CEBa3ONW. Tho day broke dull and wet, with ever recurring showers of a thick mist, drenching and dreary. Notwithstanding this the people came out in force, and before half-past 10 there. -was a large crowd in the building, and at 11 o'clock, when the serviceo commenced, the building was well filled. T'Ihe clergy and the male members of the choir as semblede at the pro- Cathedral before service com menced -At 11 o'clock they came to the door of the nishop's vestry. They were met by the Bishops, auid all proceeded to the great western door of the C;tlhedral. The petition, praying that the Cathedral might be icensed for divine worship was presented by Mr. 0. S. Alexander, and the Bishop of Goulburn ordered the acting Registrar (the Rev. Canon Soares) to read he document. The request having been complied vitll, the Bishop formally signified his consent. The procession then entered the church, the choir clothed in their surulices), the boys (with Mr. T:rnmer at theirt Ionad rending) rcmi-n first, ana ther cltrgy afterwards. They formed in a line on either side of the central aisk, and the Bishops walked to the chancel between them, repeating the 24th Psalm as they did so in alternato veroses-that is, they said one verse, and the choir responded with the next. When the Bishops had reached the choir steps, the clergy (of whom there were about forty) and choir formed in procession behind, and proceeded to the chancel to the place assigned them, singing, as they went, the 542nd hymn, which commences "Blessed City, Heavenly Salem." After the hymn had been sung, The Bishop of Goulburn took his scat in his chair, and the license was presented to him by the Senior Archdeacon of the Diocese. The Bishop received the document, and placed it upen the holy table. The Bishop then, standing at the north side of the table, turned to the, congregation, who remained standing, and said:-" Dearly belovedin thoLord, forasmuch as devout and holy men, as well under the Law as under the Gospel, moved either by the secret Inspi ration of the Holy Ghost, or by the express command of God, or by their own reason and Sonse of Order and Decency, have erected Houses for the public Worship of God, and separated them from all pro fane and common Uses; which godly practice hatlh a mnanifest tendency to fill men's minds with a bo coming Roverence to the Divine Majesty, and to affect their hearts with Devotion and Humility in the service of God: Lot us humbly hope, that our Heavenly Father will favourably appovo our pre sent purpose, of setting apart this place for the per formance of the several Offices of religous Worship; and lot us faithfully and devoutly beg His blessing on this our undertakldng." The congregation kneeling, the Bishop said the following prayer:-" 0 Eternal God, mighty in power, of Majesty incomprehensible, whom the Heaven of Heavens cannot contain, much less the Walls of.Temples made with hands; who yet hast been graciously pleased to promnise thine especial Presence in whatever place even two or three of Thy faithful Servants shall asemble in Thy name, to offer up their Supplications and their Praises to Thee:, vouchsafe, O Lord, to be now present with us, who are here gathered together to set apart this Cathedral Church, with all humility and Readiness of Heart, to the Honour of Thy great Name, sepa rating it henceforth from all unhallowed, ordinary, and common Uses, and dedicating it entirely to Thy Service, for reading therein Thy most Holy Word, for celebrating Thy Holy Saoraments, for offering to Thy glorious Majesty the sacrifices of Prayer and thanksgiving, for blessing Thy people in Phy Name, and for performing all other Holy Ordin ances. Accept, 0 Lord, this Service at our hands, and bless it with such success as may promote Thy glory and the salvation of Thy people, through Jesus Christ. our Lord and Saviour. Asnu." A number of special prayers weoro then offered, and at the close the congregation stood up, the Bishop sitting in his chair. The license was then read by the Chanceller of the Diocese (the Hon. Chas. Campbell,- M.L.C.), signed by the Bishop, and its registration ordered. The 209th hymn, founded on the 8th verse of the 26th Psalm, "Lord, I Have Loved the Habitation of Thy House," was next sung, and then followed the order of morn ing prayer; the servico was full choral. Tallis's preces and responses, arranged by Barnby, were used. The" Venite" was chanted to Barnby's composition in B. The proper psalms for the day, the 84th, 122nd and 132nd, were rendered to Oseely's, Hopkins's, and Mornington's chants. The "To Deum" and the "Jubilate Deo" were Smart's setting in F. The anthem was that beauti ful one by Dr. G. J. Elvey, "I was Glad When they said unto Ite, we will go into the House of the Lord." Woodward's communion service in E flat was used. Beforo the sermon hymn No. 285, conm mencing "The Church's One Foundation," was sung. There were two organs used, Mr. Younger, organist of St. Andrew's Cathedral, Sydney, pro siding at one, and Mr. F. C. Burry at the other. Mr. Fred. W. Harmer was the musical director. The musicals portion of the service was excellently managed, and fairly rendered. Dr. Corlotti acted as precentor, and filled the position excellently, his melodious voice rendering the task with him an easy one. The Bishop of Sydney read the communion service, and delivered the sermon. Ho took for his text the fiet verse of the 6th chapter of Hebrows "Leaving the principles of the doctrine of Christ, let us go on unto perfection." He preached therefrom a sermon lasting some thirty minutes, and was listened to throughout with rapt attention. During the discourse he exhorted his hearers to make an effort to remove the pressing debt upon the cathedral, enm, 1 C w- a.... cuu naUramento 01 communion was administered, for which a great many remained. The servico did not conclude till nearly half-past one. There must have been about 1200 people pre sent; but notwithstanding this large crowd there was not the slightest disturbance, a committee having been appointed who kept the doors and showed the people to their seats; -We forgot to state that the choir were assisted by friends from the Protestant choirs of the city and by some of the choirs from St. Andrew's Cathedral in Sydney. This ov ng r. Kennion (the Bishop of Ado aide) will frcach the sermon. Ticket-holders will be admitrd up to 6.15 p.m. After that time admission bill boewithout tieoket. 