IRoveltst. ' INTRIGUE.' By Brigadier General Henry Ronald Mclver. CHAPTER III.— (Continded.) ' And now, dear, I trust your troubloB^are at an end, and you will find happiness in' our quiet English homo,' said Lilias, softly stroking tho golden head on her lap, heedless of tho havoc her flngois made amongst the tiny curls. 'An opera singer 1 ' ejaculated Mrs. Cunninghame, holding up her hands. .'Thank Heaven, my dear child, for having favisd you, a Doring, from such a horrible fate.' ?' . _ ' Gidia's drooping oyolids liid her contompt lor that lady's old-fashioned prejudices, then nil at onco, springing lightly to her feet, sho said, ' I will sing to you.' Without awaiting a reply, she tripped across the room, seated horself at tho piano, and oommeneed, with out any prelude, that most beautiful air from Oliick's most beautiful opera of ' Orfu ehe Faro.' Tho grand, thrilling voipo flooded tbo wholo room with sweet harmony, and when its last echo had died away, tears were streaming silently down Lilias' 'fair cheeks, and Mrs. Ounninghame sat looking with amazement at tho fragile, diminutive form, from whioh such a volume of sound issuod. Gidia in truth possessed a most rare voice, — a voico that had created a sensation, and had astonished more experienced and unpre judiced ears than thoso of her present audience. _ It would seem that her soul— such a soul as Lilias possessed — had passed entirely into her voice, enabling hor to interpret grand ideas, of whioh sho was in reality quite in capable of understanding the meaning. That night Liliaa Dering offered up a fervent thanksgiving for the advent of the girl iho sho believed had been sent by a kind and merciful Providenoo to fill the aohing void in her heart, and prayed long and earnestly sho might be guided aright, so that her beautiful niece might never feel the loss of a mother's oaro. If she could have foreseen how her futuro was to be influenced by this girl, with the fair face and glorious voico, the thanksgiving would have been turned into asprayer for mercy. '? When Gidia, aftor affectionately ^bidding good-night to her aunt and Mrs. Ounning hame, had taken possession of the pretty bod room allotted to her, carefully locked tho door, and inspected closely with a critical eye detail of the pleasant sitting-room leading from it, her face lost entirely its open, inno cent expression, and assumed that of an ex perienced woman of the world who feels she has succeeded in making a good bargain. ' It is even hotter than I expected 1 ' Bho exolaimed, as she turned over tho costly ornaments on her dressing-table. ' What a fool I Bhould havo been to have stayed and Blaved my life away with Silvio, though how the poor follow will rave at losing me 1 And all this by right of birth is iniue ' — with an ; indignant stamp of her small foot. 'My S85 father was tho only son, tho heir, and this pale-faced prudish thing, who is so wonder-; j fully patronising, is only a usurper, and Bho p knows it I' sho said viciously. 'Still I j! might be worse off' — sho stood in front of tho long mirror, clasping her hands behind g her — 'and with that face and figure' — H pointing to hor reflootion — 'nnd these brains' |ji — tapping her littlo head with her forefinger 8$ — ' who knowB what chances I may havo of H outstripping her in the race of life. What p fools theso English aro I ' she went on reflec tively. 'How oaBily deceived, in spito of ? thoir cold mantle of pride 1 I could not have -s taken in Silvio liko this, not if I had tried for ?3 ever and ever. Poor Silvio I ' ; j. These wore her laBt words, as she nestled -;;? hor protty faoe amongst tho laco and linon of «? her downy pillows, and sank into a sleep, poaceful and dreamless as that of a child. |f CHAPTER IV. ., ? . , . ; ??.J. ' If I should meet tliee, After long yoara, ;. ; i . ,Ho\v slmll I greet theo? ' ? ^ ? Gidia Dering had been an inmate of the H priory more than a year, and quite fallen g| into her plaoe as one of tho family. She had p gained a firm hold on Mrs. Cunninghame's » heart, her resemblanos to LiliaB having made vg a favorable impression in the first instance, H and a judioious course of flattery and atteri gj tion accomplishing tho rest. Still sho had lift not siieoeedodas well as she had hoped in the H subjugation of her nunt, who, though fondly Si; attached_ to tho bright young orcature, failed ;'v to find in her sooiety tho comfort and hap g| piness sho at first hoped for. Aunt and neice lived on terms of affection, but Lilias realised @ painfully she had approaohed no nearer to || the girl's inner self than the first evening thoy met. Try as she might, she could discover' iS[ uo bond of sympathy, nothing of mutual . in- jS terost, to draw their hearts closer together, aud Bhe strove mainly to lead the young min'd Kj to higher inspirations than tho moro clothin'g ot her pretty person, tho only thing which' ?tin appeared of vital importance to Gidia. The |s| girl would listen attentively, her blue eyes, pj very wido open ; and when her 1 aunt had. f| ceased, fling her arms oaressingly around her H neck aud kissing her. demonstratively, ex-' iffi claim — ' You olover darling I- how oan a poor |fi ignorant' littlo goosa liko your Gidia over || understand ouch things ? Inwardly thinking: — ' What a tiresome bore ; these perpetual |S lectures' aro.' if; Lilias would return tho embrace with a M . B'gh, saying to herself, ' Perhaps I expect too much, nnd do not mako sufficient allowance || for our differont training. Sho is but a ohild, K§ like Undino before she found her Boul, only !§ God grant tho fault, if any, does not unknow m ingly rest with me, or that I have come short ffi i' my duty to tho child of my adoption.' jS . Miss Dering had quito failed to interest fe Gidia in her pet schemcs, or to induce the girl to accompany her on iier round of visits £5! amongst tlieir poorer neighbors, and she jj£ silently wondered how ono so gentle and fa yielding as her. neice appeared generally, could M on somo points be so difficult to move. In P truth, Gidia was becoming dreadfully weary of the life she was leading, the lifo whioh at fe 'jrst, with its unaccustomed luxuries and un H limited; supply of pin-monoy, had appeared j$j all coleur tie rose to tho little Bohemian, and ft ahe felt Bometimea tempted to throw it up ? and return to that which sho had before despisedf ' If I had stayed with Silvio I might have beoomo a groat diva liko I'atti or Neilson, re ceiving homage oven from orowncd heads,' sho would think regretfully. ' But how hard tho work was, tho waiting how wearisome, tho poverty how horrible I' as alio looked at the pretty gowns and costly niok-naclts hor aunt'B generosity had unabled hor to indulge in. ' Poor Silvio I I wonder if ho was very angry, and, whether ho missed me very much. I supposo ho is still struggling for tho fame ho is so oonfidont of winning— somo day I ' What was tho good of her pretty bright costumes (which oost her as much thought aa an inventor would oxpend on somo in tricato pioco of mechanism) when everyone at Culverdon was either too old or too blind to appreoiato thom, alio thought impatiently. Even Mr. Marsdcn's ourato (for tho old man was too fcoblo to do duty now, having had a paralytic stroke) was a married man with ten childron. Decidedly this consummate littlo actress was getting tired of her insignificant rule, and would probably havo been tempted to seek a wider field for tho exoroiHO of her talonts, but for an event which filled her scheming brain with renewod energy, and caused her to form a plan calculated, if sucoossful, to raise her from tho dead lovel of oxistonoo, which had become so wearisome and intolerable. Cer tainly, sho was obliged to confess, tho plan sho had formed had very littlo chance of success, but, ovon provided Bho failed to gain lier end, she would still havo had Bome pleasure in tho dolightful sense of plotting and soheming, in which her wioked little heart rejoiced. I Winter had passed, and spring was just emerging into cummer, and Gidia was seated in her aunt's morning room (a small octagonal ohamber, with long windows overlooking the beach avenue), wondering how' sho should manage to got through anothorlong, unevent ful day. Hor hands wore idly clasped abovo the goldon head, whose myriads of frizzy littlo curls completely covered her low clytic-liko forehead, forming a decided contrast to Miss Dering's smooth braids. Tho different char acter of aunt and niece was ovon discerniblo jn their toilet. LiliaB' dresB was of plain black cashmere, which fell in large flowing folds to the ground, and was relieved, by snow white bands at throat and wrists. On her handsome head was arranged gracefully a squaro of filmy white lace, and hor sole ornaments wore the looket and ring, 'which had been Balph Disney's parting gift. Gidia'B dainty littlo fignro was clothed in an indescribable arrangement of pink, scaroely subdued by multitudinous laco flounces, amongst which flashed bright bows and loops of rose-colored ribbon, like butterflies or birds of gay plumage. Hor protty dimpled hand, on whioh sparkled many jewels, was con-' stan tly\\- raised to the rosy mouth in a vain endeavor to hide the irrepressible fits of yawning, and Lilias, who was serving indus triously, was about to suggest something for the employment of her niece's idle little finger^, when tho door opened 'and Mrs.; Ounninghame entered hurriedly : ' My dear —addressing Miss Dering — 'amounted mes senger from tho Rectory with a letter for you, whioh I have brought myself '—handing it to her — 'fearing there .might be bad news of Mr. Marsden.' Lilias took : it from Mrs. Cunninghame's hand, and opening it, quickly found a few lines from Mr. Marsden, .and enclosed was Ralph Disney's long looked-for letter. At the sight of her lover's well-known hand-writing a vivid flush spread over the fair face, causing Gidia to open her blue eyes wonderingly. Her wonderment inoreased, for when her aunt had read the Reotor's lotter, telling the joyful' tidings of Ralph's home coming, her face, usually so pale and calm, became strangely agitated, and Lilias sud denly covered her tell-tale eyes with both hands as if to shut out a too radiant flash of sunshine. Then becoming conscious that two pairs of enquiring eyes were fixed upon her, she rose to her feet — 'There is nothing amiss,' and Gidia's quiok ear caught the new happy ring in her aunt's voioe- ' Mr. Marsden is well, and writes in excellent spirits,' and anxious to be alone she moved towards tho door. Thehandle was in hor hnnd. when sho annefirnd tn 'remember somo further explanation was probably., ex pected, and turning toMrs. Cunnihghame, she; said in a low, quiok voice, ' Ho tells me Ralph; is on his way to Culverden,' and without; another word left the room. ; All this was a mystery to Gidia, who was; quite on the qui vivc, and dying to know the cause of her aunt's unusual agitation. Mrs. Cunninghame sank into the chair LiliaB had just vaoated, her kind, old face beaming with pleasure. 'Ralph Disnoy coming at laBt I Thank! God 1 ' she said rapturously. ' My darling Lilias will now be repaid for her long, lonely years ot waiting,' and tears of thankfulness streamed down the withered old cheeks. . ' But tell me,' said Gidia, coming over and kneeling beside Mrs. Cunninghame's chair, ' who is this Ralph, and what does it all mean ? ' 'Is it possible, after having lived with us all these months, you have never heard of Ralph Disney?' iri tones of amazement; 'but then, dear Lilias is so reserved it is hardly to bo wondered at, after all. Sir Ralph Disney has not been to Culvorden for ten years, and I have every reason to believe ho now oomes to renew an engagement with your aunt, whioh ended abruptly by tho wish of the old squire.' ' ' Oh, how romantio,' oriod Gidia, bravely stifling another yawn, for a romance of which aho herself was not the heroine failed to in intorest her. ' Pray tell mo all about it, like a dear,' and she settled horself on a low Btool to liBten, or to Bleep. Mra. .Cunning hame was only too ready to pour out all she had to tell, so proceeded to impart; to the fair-haired girl. at her feet her, aunt's love story. Gidia , listened at first listlessly, then suddenly as an idea appeared to strike her, she gave her undivided attention to tho gar rulous old lady. ?When Mrs. Cunninghame, quite . out of breath, stopped speaking, Gidia asked Blowly — ' Thon they are not really engaged? you aro not certain Sir Ralph is coming to marry auntie? Perhaps he only just wants to see his undo.' ' \ ?' Woll, my dear, no, of course I am not quite certain, but after lieing so devoted to Lilias thoro can bo littlo doubt of liis inten tions.' ' Then why did he not oorne directly grand jmpa'died ? ' asked Givia; . ' ; ? t ! 'I havo often wondered myself, V' oonfossed. Mrs. Cunninghame. ? ' I daro Bay he thought it best to wait till her timo of mourning had oxpirod.' 'And he is so noblo, so rich,' said tho girl, enquiringly. ? ? 'Sir Ralph Disney's wealth is simply fabulous,' ropliod the old lady ; ' but what is of far greater . importance oonsidoriug how rioli your aunt is also, his family is the moist ancient in England. His mother, tho only daughter of tho Duke of Twyford, was tho greatest heiro6S, bb woll as the most 'lovely woman of her day. I must 3ay_ I thought Mr. Dering acted in a highly injudicious manner when ho so peremptorily dismissed poor Ralph, for it was a marriage in. every way moat suitablo. It setms but yesterday it all happened,' she went on, musingly; ' only Lilias has altered greatly. Sho was bo sweet and fairy-like in those days, though I must say, my dear, if you did not dresB your hair in that outlandiBh fashion, or wear youv frocks bo very full and over-trimmed, you would bo her vory pioture.' ; 'Thanks for the oompliment, you flattering dfar,' laughed tiidin, gaily. Then went mi -- ' I remember in tho portrait you showed me of auntie, taken ton yearH ago, sho wears a plain white gmvn, without a single ribbon or llounco. I, too, intend having somo simple whito dressos mado for me,' she added with studied oarelossnoss ; ' thoy will bo so cool and comfortable now tho warm weather is coming on. I amSgoingjjto:soe if I can find auntie somo Neapolitan violets, so good-bye, you darling, you,' and after dropping a bird liko kiss on tho old lady's withered cheok, Gidia tripped away into the garden. Thcro sho strolled under tho oldapplo trees in tho orchard, wlicro tlio grass wns white with their fallen blossoms, her brain busily at work, hor mind full of tho sohomo whioh the events of tho morning had conjured up. ' Havo I a ghost of a chance ? ' sho said to horself, ' and ovon if I woro to succeed, dare I carry it through to the ond ? Oh, it would bo glorious to defeat that oanting, cold blooded aunt of mine, who has stolon my. birthright I But if Silvio wero to discover who I really am, and follow mo, what would happen then I But thoro I it is not likely he over will, poor follow, bo I shall take ovory advantage of what fato throws in my way ltnally it would bo tempting Providenco if I did othorwiso.' And sho gave a shallow, littlo laugh. Lilias was agreeably astonished tho next fow days at tho ohango whioh appeared to havo como over hor young niece— Gidia was so dooile, bo anxious toploaao, and altogether so muoh moro in earnest than she had over been before, that hor aunt thought tho girl's soul had at last commonoed its awakening, and she thankod God for tho many blossings He was showering on hor. For tho first time, too, Gidia volunteered to accompany Miss Dering on her oharitable errands, and de lighted the simple villagers by her sweetness and youthful beauty. Even hor personal ap pearance underwent a ohange, and ono morn ing when she appeared at the breakfast table even Mrs. Cunninghame, who was very short sighted, was startled into an exclamation of surprise. Tho ourling tongs had ovidently been discarded that morning, for the masses of tiny ourls had all disappeared,, with the exception of a few rebellious rings on tho fore head, and tho golden hair was smoothed and twisted simply round tho back of her head. Tile be-frilled pink costumo was also banished,' and its place taken by a plain white caohi moro, which showed tho ourves of her budding form to perfection. . Gidia blushed and dimpled as Miss Dering, kissing her tenderly, said a fow kind words of approval. ' I thought it would please you Auntie darling,' sho said prettily, ' I meant to do it . long ago, only I am suoli a little coward you know, and so dreadfully afraid of looking a fright.' V I do not think you need, have the least ifeat of that, dear,' and Lilias smiled as she ?looked at her niece's pretty .face, before turn ing to the table to tako up her lotterB. There were not many, and Gidia furtively kept an ioyo on ono whioh had not boon evidently ?through tho post, and in which she recognised ;tlie shaky handwriting of Mr. Marsden. Misa Dering road it through twice, then raising her. head looked towards Mrs. Ounninghame and said, calmly.: . 'Sir Ralph has telegraphed to Mr. Marsden that lie will reach Culverden to-night. Tho dear, old man is evidently very excited, and I am afraid that it is not good for him, in nis feeble state of health.' ' To-night 1 Then we shall without doubt see, him at the Priory early to-morrow,' said tho old lady, with a world of meaning in her voice, which caused a momentary ' shade ;of displeasiiro to^pass over Miss Dering'a calm features. ' Scaroely so soon, I fancy,' she answered quietly, ignoring Mrs. Cunninghame's in uendo, then turning to Gidia — 'Sir Ralph Disney is a very old friend of ours, a nephew of dear Mr. Marsden, bo I hopo you will like him vory muoh. Ho will, I know, be charmed to find wo havo caught and caged Buch a sweet song-bird, for Ralph waB always pas sionately fond of music; and I am in' hopes, too, his visit will help to: make this place a littlo moro cheerful for you, dear child, as I fear the Priory must sometimes seem a llittlo dull to , a bright young girl,' sho , added kindly. , ? , ,. ' Auntie '—arid Gidia put on her prettiest air of childlike remonstrance. . ' How naughty of you; to imagine I ever .find this, dear . old Priory dull, tho placa I found happiness, the place .which holds all my dear ones, all I havo to lo'vb or love me ' — and she heaved a plaintive little sigh. That night, before Lilias retired to rest, came another letter from the Reotory, this timo directed in a bold, firm handwriting, which Gidia (who intercepted tho mossenger) had never seen before. How she longed to peep ovor Miss Doring's shoulder, and read what was written on that very small sheot of paper 1 ' He cannot have said much, at any rato,' sho said to herself, consolingly. This was, strange to say, the first lotter Lilias had ever received from Ralph Disnoy,: and was, as Gidia oorrectlyl surmised, a very short one. . 'May I como to you to-morrow oarly in the afternoon,' it ran, with no formal com mencement. 'Do not ask ma to stay longer away— I have waited so many years.' Then followed simply his signature, and tho mes senger, who in obedience to. bis master's orderB, had waited, took baok Miss Dering's answer. It was — 'Como, you will find a welcome.' This brief note was not tho lettor which Ralph had at first intended sending, for, on finding himsolf onoe moro in the fondly re-; membered Kentish village, he- had written a wild, unreasoning letter, a passionate out-; pouring of the feelings which old associations had aroused, but whioh, in his cooler moments; ho decided not to despatoli. ' 'I will wait and see how sho greets me,' ho thought. Tho meeting between the old rector aud his errant nephew had been a very touching one, and though Mr. Mars den did not aotually speak as if an engagement oxisted between the longsepar ated lovers, it was easy to divine how his thoughts rau constantly upon it, aud his talk was incessantly of ' his dear ohild, his sweet Lily.' He was perhaps a littlo disap pointed at finding Ralph bo different from the impulsive, hot-headed youth of ten years ago. How bronzed ho was, how portly 1 and if his old eyes did not deceive him, auroly there was a plentiful spriukling of grey amongst the brown ourls. Ralph laughed ; heartily at his ?unole's inspection. 'You see I am getting quite ancient, not far oil forty, tho ago whon a fellow begins to ,go down hill with a run. Remember what a life I have led tho past ton years, not 'one calculated to make me wear well.' 'Ah, but you will Bettle down now, my boy,' said the old man in tones of conviction, at whioh Ralph smiled, hut said nothing. Whon Ralph awoke the next morning, and found himself onco more in hia old lavendor scentcd room at tho Reotory, ho felt inclined, to fanoy these years of wandering had beon but a strangely vivid dream. Tho young summer day was bright and warm, and when Ralph threw opon tho window, tho clustering creamy rosesnodded aswcetperfumyiwelcome. It all Beemed bo familiar, so unaltered, and the old tenderness took possession of him, as if it had never wavered since the day be and Bweet Lilias Dering had plighted their troth. How impatiently he longed to hear tho sound of her voice, how alowly tlio morning passed. Over and over again did Ralph pio ture to himself their meeting, what she would say, how Bho would look, and when at laBt he started on his way to the Priory, he was' living ahuo.-t in t!m in a w:nM shadows. He was once inim1. young Ualph .Disney, tho impetuous lover of the ohild-like lender-nyed girl, and the cloud which had arisen between thom was forgotten. All nature even nccmed to liavo conspired to keep up tho deception, and remind him of that' summer, ton yoarfl ago, aa ho went along the sunny 'cliffs, passed tho whito flag-Btaff .round which, tho mild-faoed sheep were nibbling at tho, golden-hearted 'daisies, and turned into; the. familiar beech avenuo. The glamor. of old, days when lovo dawned was upon hitn, tho long weary years which had ioonie.botjveen ? wero no moro remembered, and he looked; to wards tho shrubbery as if . expecting , to see., thoro tho glimmer of his love'u white robes. His heart beat tumultuouBly ,as ho . apv proschod tho Priory, for there, near' the; open windows, sat the form ho had pictured so often that morning. - This aweet iyoung girl, with tlio shining hair aud downcast.oyes, the pure white dross, tho. roso at (her . throat,. was his lily, his love. It was tho face; he had kissed so often, so fondly.^-the face that had visited him in dreamB, — ;lho, face. that had como bo foro him in tho silent night watches, thousands of miles away. A littlo reflection would' have saved him and others from much misery, but, alas I ho never stopped to realiso tho mistake, and in another moment had clasped her to his heart, and was raining kisses oh tho golden head pressod bo madly to his breast. 'Lily,' ho whispered, 'look up, my love, my own ono.' Por. tho space of a moment Gidin allowed her wioked littlo head to rest whero Ralph liaid plaoedit, just for a moment only, to liido tho gleam of triumph Bhining in her eyes, then, with desperate struggles, she freed horself from his embrace, and push ing him from her, oried indignantly — 'Oh, how could you? how dare you take suoh a ebooking liberty '—hor bosom heaved and panted — ' You are just like them all— you : treat me like a child, a more baby, without senso or feeling.'' Here sho broko into sobs; covered her fsoe with hor protty hands to watoh what impression she had mado. Poor Ralph raised his hands to his eyes like one blinded or suddenly dazed ; then he looked at' the little woman before him in utter bewilder ment, and unconsciously repeated almost the first words, Lilias had Baid to her neioe — 'But who are you?' Wild 'thoughts ; of- fairys and trolls, recollections of old Gorman : legends, were coiiraing through his brain, when the girl with well stimulated Bur prise answered— 'Who am 'I? Why, Lilias Dering, of oourse — who else could I be? ' 'Lilias Dering,' repeated1 Ralph, wonder ingly ; ' not Squire Dering's Lilias, my—' 1 '! Oh, no' — and Gidia interrupted him with a merry, ringing laugh liko a peal of silver bells—' not that; horrid old man's daughter — nothing nearer than his granddaughter, I am happy to say. Just fancy anyone mis taking me for poor dear old aurit Lilias— it is quite too funny for anything ; but I think I can guess who you are now '—she held out both her hands confidently — 'Sir Ralph Disney, you must he, and, oh I I am so thank ful you are hot old and ugly like everyone else auntie knows.' ' ' Why, child,' said Ralph laughing, and experiencing a sense of pleasure at the subtle flattery, in' spite of his secret annoyance at his mistake as the truth dawned upon him,' ' did you expect to find me a Metheusalah ? ' 'Well, very nearly,' she confessed, with a pretty air of candor, and a swift upward glance from under her Iong.la8ho3, 'for they; told mo you were my aunt's— but there, it would never do to tell you what they said j as I know now it was not true, because, you are not old — not the least bit,' she added en couragingly. Ralph had managed to recover his self ppsBession, but how different an aspeot affairs woro now, to what .they had done only an hour before. . He had suddenly awakened from his love-dream (at least as far as Lilias was concerned), and the sweet visions of the morning had, all molted away before the fairy liko touch of this dainty little beauty. He could not for the life of him picture histoid love ; otherwise than a rather priin, middle aged lady, perhaps with spectacles. , Try . as he would, the bright young face of her neice came between him and the image he, had so vividly remembered only that very morning. However, pulling himself together with ; an effort, lie uttered some very lame exouses for his apparent , rudeness (which Gidia, blush ingly, . shyly,1 accepted), and thon rather ; stiffly suggested their joining Miss Dering. -' : (To.be Continued.} - 