NERVOUS PROSTRATION. THECR is an unusual amount of illness this autumn of the type known as " nervous prostration " (says thile Pro vidence " Journal"). It is prevalent among hardworked people who have been deprived of the needed summer rest and relaxation, men who carry thelir business home with them every night, and women who are worn out by domestic cares and worries. It is very strange how much we are told about food, clothing, ventilation, drain age, exercise, and other things which have an influence on our health, and how very seldom we think of rest. And yet, as a remedial and restorative measure, it is of the first importance in many cases. Most physicians mknow what to do and when to do it, hut a good deal of common sense is required to discover how not to do somethlling and when to let the patient alone. A combination of drugging and fretting kills more than half the sick people in the world; a man's enemies cannot do him near so much damage as his friends. The world is possessed with the notion that when a man is taken ill a terribl ado must be kept up, an alter nation 'f nursing and fussing, while preternaturally wise and whispering doctors, sympathising friends, tearful relatives and chalttering nurses add their contributions to the wrong side, and all because .somebody is ill and needs chiefly rest, We have not yet, most of us, got rid of the old notion of the ancients that disease is a personality, a something that is in the air, that travels about, enters our dwellings and finally seites hold of us something akin ln the-minds of the !gnorant ·td a goblin, ghost, fiend, demtsi, of witch, which only pills or potation can exorcise, kill or cure. We are confident that many a sensible physician will say, if the patient will let him, that two.thirds of all the maladies of all the people in the world would get well in a few hours or days if left to themselves, with no other appliances than such as instinct would suggest or common sense employ, But patients often estimate the doctor's sltill .tlhe wonderfully wise look which he ads~es and the extent or variety of his csoriptions; and a sick man's friends.hate to seem unsympathising, and so are apt to be officious. It is to be understood, of course, that we are not speaking of extreme cases, but of the treatment of most of the ills which flesh is heir to- the troubles which come upon over.worked men and women, so many of whom we find all around us in this pushing competitive age. Their best remedy, if they can take it, is rest. If that be impossible we can only pity them. 