THE VICTORIAN REVIEW. Mr. W. H. Irvine devotes a good many pages of the July number of the Vic- torian Review to defending the Doctrine of Bent from the attack of Professor ijonamy rnce. The law of rent, which Mr. J. S. Mill called the 'pons asinorum' of Poli tical Economy, has stood the brunt of so many engagements since its first enunciation more than a hundred and fifty years ago that it might well be left now to fight its own battles. Mr. Henry George said that in it 'authority coincides with common sense,' and he quotes with approval the observation made by Mr. Mill, that ' there are few persons who have refused their assent to it, except from not having thoroughly understood it.' Professor Bonamy Price is shown by his reviewer to have been no exception to this rule. Mr. James Smith contributes a very readable article on the ' Theatre Francais,' in which he mainly occupies himself with accounts of the vicissitudes of celebrated French actresses. We fail to see, however, in what way his passing sneer at Miss Ellen Terry helps forvard his work, and some of the details which he gives of the private Iive3 of sundry of the actresses are no more neces sary to the sketch than they are edifying. Mr. A. J. Webb does not think that Fiji has been much benefited by the introduction of our civilization, and strongly condemns the habit ; into which many have fallen of calling ita inhabitants ' savages.' It is to be feared that his well-meant and partly justified protest will not have the effect which he desires— the words 'Fijian' and 'savage' are so often used as almost synonymous terms that it must take a great deal of time and argument to prove to all English speaking races that they are wrong in thus using them. A writer signing himself ' S. J.' contributes an essay entitled 'David Copper field.' About a dozen lines are devoted to the nominal subject; the remainder is taken up with a few interesting re collections of Dickens, and- a ? great deal of crude criticism upon i him* Captain R. D. Beetson writes the first- part of a somewhat dry history of British North ^Borneo, going back in his account. of the territory toj the Portiigvese expeditiom-f~1520r Mr. David Blair prints a paper which he read before the Melbourne Shakspeare Society on that passage in "Hamlet" where the prince moralizes on the Danish custom of wassailing. Mr. Blair very rightly says that we should not expect "a smooth, tripping, connected elocutionary exercise' just before the Ghost appears, but he is certainly not warranted in saying that "the wooden-headed com- mentators take no account of this," seeing that S. T. Coleridge took this very view some seventy years ago. Besides this over sight, which, in a man like Mr. Blair, is dis- tinctly culpable, we have to object to the "simple artifice" of inserting dashes which Mr. Blair recommends for the understanding of the passage. People who apprehend the situation of Hamlet do not expect unbroken verses, and those who do not will find the punctuation of Delius, as given in the Leopold Shakspeare, much more explanatory than Mr. Blair's. When he says that "in the stage representation of the play the Ghost takes his cue from the last words of the line 'More honoured in the breach than the observance,' " he might have added, as a sort of explanatory remark, that it is with this line that the first folio edition of 1623 ends. It is pleasant to turn from a fresh attempt at ' elucidating' one great master to the taithf ul, loving study of another, which Mrs. Frederic Martin (for merly MiE3 Mackay), of Adelaide, has writtea, entitled 'The Works of John RuBkin.' In general, people hear so little about Mr. Ruskin's books— they are so hard to procure— that the admirer of them who furnishes any kind of key to their hidden treasures deserves our thanks. But Mrs. Martin has done more than this. It is easy to see that her love for Mr. Ruskin's works is what has incited her to write, and that earnest study of them ha3 moulded' her style. If anybody gave us merely extracts from Mr. Raskin's books the article would have great value, but when, as here, the extracts are wisely chosen and tastefully put together, a benefit which is almost incalculable is con ferred upon the student. For we must dissent from Mrs. Martin's wholesale con demnation of those who know not Raskin. Many would read him if they could get his books, and he would exercise a far larger, and therefore a wholesome, influence upon his countrymen if he had not imposed such conditions upon the publishing and price of his works. Those of our readers who, failing to get the works, would know more about the spirit of Mr. Ruskin's teaching, cannot take a better guide, so far as it goes— for the essay is all too short— tban that which Mrs. Martin has furnished. 