33TE HANDS OF S3: F, W{ ftC 1N80& Auifeaj of "1fci»d3Wi&3< i ScConayj" "Co»afi oascieac-ai"• "ji SSsjcasa' ga&so;&irJ; "SVjt He? rtkQ i" Aa.. &*. BOOK IV,—THE MOVING OF THE HANDS. CiiAi'isa, V.—On Iceman ». more sierra for this quiet and sleepy part of Old Lincolnshire—this dead-aad alive Skegs Shore, where news, as a rule, flow by and lets no traeei like carrier pigeons with tidings for abusiersphere. Moreover, here was news to ha transmitted from Skegs Shore to Eogu.,11 towns and cities, to the mighty London even, many miles away—news which might interest folk who bad forgotten this dull, flat strip of coast, but. remembered something about a murder near it years and years ago. And now.the murderer was discovered, aad the whole story, with strange, supplementary details born of the mighty imaginations of descriptive reporters paid to make the moBt of it,cropped up afresh in the newspapers, and, Heaven be praised, at a slack time of year, when politicians were grouse-shooting, or, if, extra energetic, wearying provincial and scanty audiences with second- hand platitudes, stage thunder, and blue fire—with dismal prophcoies of the country going to ruin for \- net taking their advice, or hymns of praise and glory for taking it implicitly and Being none the better for it just at present. The Skeg3 Shore murder came as a relief to the wind and water of the dull season, and people talked of it and grow interested in it, and saw love and jealousy, and deep dire revenge in it, and heaps of mystery, and all the component atoms of a big sensation. It was a murder well pieced together, and the general public gave no thought to the possibility of the innocence of the mau under arrest. It was so indisputable a chain of evidence ; it was as everybody had thought; it was as clear aa day, as true as gospel; it was absolutely natur ah John Wood hatch and_ Morris Brake had been rivals for the affection of tho_ parson's daughter, and when the former had discovered the secret marriage of his pupil with the ob ject of his love, he had waylaid and killed the youth who had supplanted him. These had always been the facts of the case, people said down in Lincolnshire, but in the absence of proof, and with a liberal expenditure of money, and an artful attempt to pose as a philanthropist, John Woodhatch had lived down the first suspicion which had fastened on him. Aiid now the murder was oat, and the proofs.rose like ghosts front the grave of the slain nian, and all was bare in- the white light of God's day, with the Hands o£ Justice closing on the guilty one at last. A grand moral that sin should not have all its own way, and there was retribution to follow the com mission of it. It was known now that the weapon with which the murder was committed had been buried in the sands, and that the name of John "Woodhatch was on the handle. The farmer ai d one Reuben Fladge, a mere tool of a stronger iuind, it was asserted, had been seen together digging up this spud one dark night and sinking it deeper again for more obscurity. There was an old cap found also, a something Woodhatch had worn probably by way of disguise; and the weapon had beea missed from the night of the murder, and bidden here in preference to hurling it into the sea, which would have ebbed away along the level, sands with the next outflow of the tide. The murderer knew that very well, and understood the coast. This Reuben Fladge was probably aa accomplice, and would turn Queen's evidence when frightened a little more, the good, worthy, perspicacious, general public thought. He would make the whole story stronger, having been bribed heavily, for even a farm called Tolland's had been settled on him for no earthly reason that any one could conceive, save as a price upon his silence. The evidence was somewhat weak at present, but the discovery of the spud would lead to business. Already it had been, ascer tained that John Woodhatch was not at his farm on the night of the murder, but on the sands, creeping stealthily in the direction of Skegs Ebor'e ; and the police were anxious to discover the whereabouts of a certain Mrs. Chaaderton, who had sat up for him that night, and who had evidently disappeared from Farm Forlorn rather than be a'witness in the case. Here was another party bribed and sent out of the way, John Woodhatch having had an inkling that the deed was being talked about again, and himself ionce more suspected. A deep, designing man this Wood hatch—a desperate character, and rf-ady wifcii the knife even as a boy, and one who rnigk have been hanged for murder as a boy, if hi < victim had not beea mercifully spared. They had all his antecedents in the. papers now; the mighty Press had him by the throat, And then to burn down the farm, aad doubtless with many proofs of his crime therein : to pay his servants heavily to keep them on his side, in case of. an arrest, and rescue him—if the destruction of his farm should not divers the attention of Skegs Shore folk so com pletely from the village as to enable him to shp away to Hull, thence to take ship away and be lost.. By some mysterious means he had been warned of his danger early on ih&t; day, but had acted just a little clumsily, in soma respects, and so had come to grief, Always 1 he*way with these calculating criminals—a merciful dispensation it was that they should help to put the h&ngtnau;'s rope around their own necks, when left to 'their nefarious devices. There were two letters found upon the prisoner also, it was aaicl, which tended to implicate him more deeply than even the ne w evidence which bad cropped up to his detriment. One letter was to a Mr3. Gregory Dorward, the wife of a deserving youth who had left Farm Forlorn, probably in disgust at the conduct of its owner, telling her where money would be found to pay the- passage out to Canada of herself and husband, and hint ing that they were better away out of Eng land, and might rely on further help from him when they required it. This was further evidence of bribery and corruption. The second letter—and strange that it should be so, it was thought at first—was written to the widow c.f the murdered man, who also, as if doubting him at last, had left suddenly for Paris, to which city the letter he had never posted—as though he had been afraid to place himself in her power—was addressed. Herein was allusion to the murder, as the motive for sozue forgiveness which he had asked of the vcung widow, and she had granted him, not knowing for what offence, " I knew who had killed Morris, and I kept the truth from you, for llie sake of your own peace !" he had written very vaguely, although she would guess the truth at once, he knew, when he was far away from England and beyond all chance of capture. Of course there were hypocritical wishes for her happiness, allusions to old times, ana the old love he had had for her; words of lODg farewell, and words which were incoherent, or of a meaning which only Mrs. Lucy Brake could satisfactorily explain. It would be necessary to find Mrs. Gregory Dorward and Mrs. Brake, two beings who had occupied al-noat the last moments of Mr, Woodhatch before he bad made a bonfire of his property. They would throw a light upon the dark corners of this cause a'-tebre, and add to the interest of the plot. But neither Mrs. Gregory Dorward nor Mrs. Morris Brake were readily discoverable ; the Dorwards, a disreputable gang, as it transpired, had dis appeared from Bolter's Kents a day or two ago, and up to present date the Brakes had not been discovered in Paris, Meanwhile the first examination of John Woodhatch before a bench of magistrates at Lincoln was duly reported in the papers; and the facts, more or less distorted, which had led to his arrest, and which we have foreshadowed, were set before many duli but worthy gentlemen. One fact was startling, for a man who had maintained seme position an the county, and whose badly packed portmanteau—unmis takably significant of sudden flight and haste —was crammed with notes drawn from his own bankers twenty, four hours before; and that factwas, the prisoner remained completely undefended. He had refused to send for his solicitor, or to employ a counsel; it was not worth while, ho said ; and it was remarked in court that ho regarded the whole matter apathetically, as if he were a half-interested witness in the case rather than the party principally concerned, and over whose head was hanging so terrible a charge. He said not a word to criminate himself, which was a wise proctf ding; he did not even state that he was innocent, and to the evidence against him he listen-id with a languid interest, which must have been sheer affectation, sceptical people thought. (To be continued.) 