AFTER A HUNDRED YEARS. By Mbs. A. Blitz. Author of " Seilbrorm," Ac., Ac. Am. Rights Reserved by the Author. Chapter Y. " I cannot but take notioaol the wonderfnl love of God to mankind, who,, in order to enoonrage obedienoe to His laws has annexed a present as well m fntnre reward to a good life; acd has bo interwoven oar duty andhappineiB together, that while we are discharging onr obligations to ths one we are at the same time, making the best provision for the'other."—Mki>koth. THE gentlemen remained for some time in the diningroom, scattered in groups of throe and four, and here and there in couples. Amongst the couples numbered the Reverend Mr. Simeon and the Premier, Mr. Algrey—one of the gentlemen for whom the dinner had been especially given. He had taken a fancy to the honest souled clergyman, and accordingly buttonholed him, and drew him to the wide verandah fronting the room, to put,a question or two to him. which led to a conversation which interested him exceedingly. With a cigarette poised between his fingers, waiting till his lips were ready to receive it again, he put the question which had puzzled him over since his companion had recited the Hebrew grace over the table that evening: "Pardon me, Mr. Simeon," he began, " but will you tell me if you always say your prayers in Hebrew V " I do, most certainly," was the reply. " I don't mean you, individually. I allude to you as a people. Do your sons, your wives and daughters, your little children do so 1 Is it possible that they can understand the nature of their prayers 1 and., don't you really think that they would be far more devotioual if re peated in English 1" And Mr. Algrey fixed his cigarette between his lips, and puffed three tiny columns of smoke in the air before Mr. Simeon replied very quietly : " Woll, sir, I am not surprised at these questions coming from you,, knowing as I do that so many of my own people argue like you, and they should know better. But you must not think we are restricted. from praying in the vernacular tongue. We can pray as we like, and. we orthodox J ews like to pray in Hebrew, and we like to instruct our families in Hebrew, that they may pray as their fathers prayed. We, wish our sons and daughters to be as proficient in that as in other languages, say French or German, that they may search the Scrip tures if, so inclined, and, with, tne iioorew icey at tneir rignt nana, understand the literature of past ages. Is it not the very language of prayer, of poetry, and truth which has originally clothed the word of" our God ? It is a language peculiarly our own, entitled to more respect and reverence than any fashionable language of the day from us:. Should we, do you think, let it dwindle and die from amongst us, as it. eventually would do if all Jews thought alike ; or keep it a living thing from generation to generation 1 If the father has but a smattering of the holy tongue, and continues to pray in it from force of habit only, regardless whether his children know it or not. then the children must naturally listen and condemn the prayer aa . unintelligible jargon, aud gradually lose all interest in it, all respect for it. But wo wish to avoid this if we can, and teach the child—who is father to the man—to love and honour the beautiful national language of an ancient race, and to understand its sublimity, to recite/ his prayer fervently, heart and lips in unison." Mr. Simeon folded his arms across hiB chest, and commenced to promenade the verandah with his head bent. Mr. Algrey walked by his side, and presently asked : " And do your people understand it in this way? For if they do they are to be honoured for their perseverance in the preservation of a sub lime relic." "I have endeavoured that my children should so understand it, Mr. Algrey, and many others besides in whom I must take <an interest.' There are instances in which it is learnt quite in a superficial way, in . which case I must admit that a prayer in the mother tongue alone should be adopted ; and there are instances in which Jewish parents think it quite an unnecessary branch of education for their children;, but I trust it is not the rule." "Well, Mr. Simeon," remarked the Premier, again removing his cigarette and coming to a halt at the end of the verandah, the better to face his companion, who also stood still; "I have .been amongst your people a great deal, I have even met with them in lower grades, and look upon these as I would upon the alloy we find in gold itself, for, upon my word, you as a people are made of the true metal. You are a. wonderful race, you aro, indeed. You are models of liberality and fidelity. You are sobriety and morality personified. I own that there are some things about you which puzzle me—one of them is that peculiar tonaoity which makos you still a slave to certain antiquated customs not actually necessary to your faith, though it does not inter fere with that veneration which 1, as a sincere Christian, must feel for a religion so morallv akin to mv own." "Porhaps that very tonacity, sir, may be the basis of the sobriety and morality you are candid onough to acknowledge is personified in us. "Will you tell mo which things puzzle you most ?" " Well, your dietary laws, for instance." Mr. Algrey flung the stump of his cigarette away, and now lolled against a pillar with his, thumbs fixed in his waistcoat and wont on. "Your abstinence from shell-fish and swine, you know, and in the matter of especially appointing a man to examine your beasts at the slaughterhouse. It seoms unnecessary when there is already a general inspector provided to superviso this department, oh 1 now don't you think so V " No, Mr. Algrey, I do not," said the minister, very decidedly. " Neither will you, porhaps, when I oxplain." " I am willing to live and learn, Mr. Simeon. Explain." " Our dietary, and hence our sanitary laws are handed down to us by Mobbs, our great law givor. They are included in the six hundred and thirteen precepts, tlioy arolaws instituted for the preservation of health, and, as a natural result, the prolongation of life. We accept them, and submit to them as the wise admonitions of a tender, merciful Father, who commands us to sustain the purity of our bodies, that the soul may not suffer from contamination. The casket must be clean—a fitting receptacle for its jewel, which might otherwise be soiled. Your knowledge ef the Scriptures must have shown you that we are appointed to be a holy people unto God, and, bearing this in mind, desiring to •serve Him with all <>ur h^art and soul and might. We have men especi ally trained to a thorough understanding of the anatomy of beasts for •the purpose of examining them when they are slain and supposed to be fit for general consumption. An animal suffering a blemish too ■light to affect materially its flesh is more often than not given pratique by your inspector, but never by ours. It comes as much under the ban of our contempt as though it had died unnaturally—it is unholy, forbidden. Therefore we trust the supervision to a man whom we term Shouchat, and who has made this subject a study. He •can detect the least flaw, and that flaw is sufficient to condemn the whole carcass for us, that single blemish might be the means of propa gating disease in our midst, and as he knows which to accept and which to cast aside, we hail his superior knowledge as a guide, as one of the methods by which we ure enabled to keep our bodies pure." " I must admit that I have been a little hazy in this matter after all. I like your argument," said Mr. Algrey, now shooting his forefinger into the minister's chest. " Well, now proceed—let us hear about the • shell-fish. Mind, I am devoted to prawns, and lobsters, and their kind, and I am subjecting myself to a little infliction in asking you to run them down, as I know vou will." ,, "Our sanitary laws apply themselves to the whole world, to you as well as to me, Mr. Algrey ; but to me and mine especially. As a < separate people from other nations, we are commanded to be holy unto the Lord, and now science goes hand in hand with His word, proving that mercy and watchfulness exist in the Divine prohibition. We, in •our child-like ignorance, could never fathom the wisdom of a beneficent Creator, but blindly obeyed and trusted. How, with the rapid march of intellect, learned men come forward to test its truth. They tell us that shell-fish feed on the scum of the ocean, in fact, that they are sea ■scavengers, may, perhaps, be nourished on the putrid flesh of decaying bodies. They are the quintessence of impurity." " Good heavens, and I am so fond of them 1" quoth the Premier, making a grimace. " You have spoilt one of my fondest illusions, sir, but I forgive you for the sake of the motive. You have told the worst; now you can say what you please about pork, for I am not particularly attached to it." * " I am glad you are not then," replied Mr. Simeon, unable to resist a smile, and then, resuming all his usual gravity, he said, emphatically : "It is an abomination—an abomination subject to the most foul of human disease. Have you ever heard of the disease called Trichina ■Spiralis f" '• YeB, in a cursory way only. I have never paid much attention to it. I should like to learn more about it from you," said Mr. Algrey, commencing to promenade again, and lighting another cigarette. Mr. Simeon folded his hands behind him, and kept step with the Premier, as he continued : " It is known by the name of trichitiiosis, derived, of course, from the trichina spiralis, which is a multitude of minute worms, not to be seen with the naked eye, but requiring a powerful microscope for detection. It thrives in the muscles of the pig, and is thus communicated too often to those consuming its flesh. It breeds within the victim in millions, to prostrate with sickness and in several cases to destroy life. But in the pig the trichina are imperfectly developed, and do not reduce its 'condition. It has all the appearance of sound health, while within ub they mature, and must inevitably assert their presence. Pigs, you are, perhaps, aware feed on offal, on the veriest filth, in which the trichina are almost always present. It is not the absolute condition of all pigs, but how are we to know the pure from the impure, since we can have no guide but the microscope 1 Therefore, we have been taught to 'condemn the whole race of pigs as an abomination. The rabbit even, with its dainty white flesh, and all the four-footed animals not chewing the cud, not cloven-footed, not dividing the hoof, which we should cast aside as unfit for food according to the strict regimen of our diet, are likewise classed by science as liable to the abominable trichina. Look back to the day when these lawB were given to us. What man in that time understood anatomy, or made science a study ? No, it was God who spoke. God, the Creator of wisdom, the Creator of tho mind of man, who fills it with knowledge and understanding, upon whom we depend for the cunning of our hands, and it was enough. Moses hoard =and believed, and endeavoured to fix his belief in the hearts of his simple, untrained people ; and now, after thousands of years, science • comes to shed a light. We grope no more in helpless stupidity, but we can bow wiih a more fervent reverence and adoration before our wise and ever-watchful Father." Mr. Simeon ceased, and bowed his head lower still, as if in thanks giving before his great Ruler, his King. Mr. Alerey looked at liirn with profound respect, and said : " I am answered, and answered well. I thank you for this very interesting discussion. Perhaps at some future time we may be able "to renew converse. You may como to our part of the world, and in "that case I trust you will not forgot to honour me with your presence • at my own house. There is my card, sir." "Indeed, Mr. Algrey, I am grateful for your courtesy. I only hope ; that circumstances will permit mo to avail myself of your cordial invita tion." He took the proffered card and slipped it iuto his vest pocket, and then, drawing out his watch, exc'aimod : " Tempus fuyik J I bad "no idea of the time, it is ten, and that is late for mo. I am sorry to have to leave you now, but work awaits me at home. I will wish you a very good-night." "Good-night, sir. Good-night!" Both gentlemen shook hands heartily, and the minister turned to the drawingroom, leaving the Premier to another cigarette and fresh companionship. Arriving in the drawingroom, he sought in vain for his son and daughter, until Mrs. Herzen directed him to the conservatory, and there he found them both, with Salome, in earnest conversation. " Why, Phillip," he began, "you were as obstinate as a mule to be •driven here, and now it looks as if I must drag you home. It is ten o'clock." " So late as that, father?" the young man cried, as he rose hurriedly. " I Bhall be ashamed to look at my books, but I am ready. Come, Minnie, get on your hat, we shall be able to catch the 10.30 train." After this, the gentlemen strolled into the drawingroom and chatted with the ladies. The piano was opened, and instrumental and vocal music began. Salome, unwilling to remain, requested Mrs. Herzen's permission to retire, and was glad to escape to her own room. But a sweet-voiced tenor was trilling forth "Maid of Athens ore we part" with all the passion Byron meant it to show, ringing out clearly in the last words of each verso, " My life, my soul, I love but thee." Loud and clear it pierced the air, floating on space until it reached her room, touched her brain pleasantly, and perhaps her heart, though she was unaware of it. Salome could 8ing well, Nature had given her a fine contralto, and art had cultivated it. But since her father's death her lute had been silenced, yet at this moment she found herself catching up the strain of the last singer and murmuring, "My life, my soul, I love love but thee." Her head was on the pillow, and gradually the voices in the drawing room grew fainter and fainter, while that sweet refrain of the sweetest of songs mingled hazily with her dreams, and Phillip Simeon becamo Lord Byron, or Lord Byron was Phillip Simeon, she was not Bure which, but slumbered on in peace. The day following found Mrs. Herzen confined to her bed. The unusual exertion told upon her delicate frame. Mr. Herzen vowed he would never have such a gathering again unless her health vastly improved. His wife, wondering in silence when that would be, only sighed and gave a sad smile. He sat by her side watching her, as she partook of her slight breakfast, and said : "Idon'tliko leaving you this morning, my dear. I wish that I had made no appointment. Miss Lewis is engaged in the schoolroom, and you will be lonely." " Not at all, I am only weary ; but I can manage to rest' Lotliair' on that light reading desk across my lap and have] a pleasant read," she answered, assuringly. "Don't worry yourself about me, Nathan." "If you please, ma'am," said a servant, appearing at the door, " Mrs. Gascodelle is below, and wishes to see you." " Are you strong enough to receive her, Eva 1" asked Mr. Herzen, turning anxiously to his wife. " Certainly I am ; besides, if I do not, she will think I am offended because she ran away last night. Harriette, tell Mrs. Gascodelle I shall be delighted to see her, and ask her up to my bedroom. Now, Nathan, I shall not be lonely, and you need not be anxious." "Her visit is really apropos, if that be the case," he said, with real delight. In a few momentB Mrs. Gascodelle had mounted the staircase, and was sitting by Mrs. Herzen. Mr. Herzen now rose to leave, remarking, after he had kissed his wife, "Good- morning;" and while shaking hands with their visitor " You are doubly welcome to-day, I can leave home with a lighter heart, knowing Mrs. Horzen is in good company. What fairy sent you here this morning 1' " I am not here on an errand of mercy," she answered, truthfully. "No fairy sent me here, but if you will, a beautiful ghost has drawn me to your house. I came to ask a question or two, but as your wife will be alone, Mr. Herzen, I will remain with her for an hour or so." " Thank you very much," replied Mr. Horzen, " and good-bye." Then he quitted the room, wondering what the old lady meant by a beautiful ghost. ' " Were you very angry with me last night?" Mrs. Gascodelle began, as soon as she and Mrs. Horzen were alone. " I want to account for myBelf, and win back your favour if I have lost it." " You never lost it. Miss Lewis apologised for you, and explained, everything in the course of the evening." " Explained what ?" "Why, that you were too saddened to carry out your original intention of remaining with us for the night, because of her unfortunate resemblance to some lost and valued friend recalling unhappy recol lections to you." " I never told her that she saddened me." "She read it in your face then; she was really sorry, and so was I." " And not offended ?" " You know me better than that, Mrs. Gascodolle." " Well, I believe I do ; but I have como for something else besides making an apology. Haven't 1 said that a beautiful ghost attracted mo here ? That Miss Lewis is tlx© ghost. I want to know where she lives. I want to see her again." The old lady sat upright, and her eyes, losing nothing of their brightness in the morning light, restod anxiously on the Invalid as she answered her. "You can see hor as often as you like ; she lives with us." " With you ? What is she to you 1" were the next questions asked in surprise and agitation. '• My friend and companion, and the instructress of my children. A brave, good girl." " Ah 1" Following the interjection came a sigh, a deep drawn sigh, which made Mrs. Horzen anxiously enquire : " What is the matter ?" Without answering to this, Mrs. Gascodelle went on rather nervously to ask : " Is she a—a Jewess V " Yes, most decidedly, and a good Jewoss." " I knew it, I knew it. And she is needy." " She is a lady." Mrs. Herzon said this with much emphasis. * " She and hermothor—a widow—are highborn ladies, in adverse circumstances, unfortunately.'' " I am very sorry, very sorry, very sorry," repeated the old lady, and indeed her face wore a sorry look. Mrs. Herzen ascribed it to the pity she must feel for Salome, but could not resist an expression of surprise when Mrs. Gascodelle, with a characteristic bluntness, went on to say : " YeB, I am sorry that she is engaged to you." "Why?' "Because it prevents her engaging herself to me. There now, that's the truth." "I understand," said Mrs. Herzen, smiling at the outspoken answer, and respecting a character so truthful that it made no attempt to,hide tho old Adam, which stirred the covetousness within her, thus bringing it to tho surface this minute. " And I regret wo Cannot find her duplicate for you, she is one in a thousand." " Don't 1 know that ? Could such a face bolong to a heartless, mind less girl 1 Such a face as hers bent over my cradle and pressed its lips to, my baby mouth. List night she startled mo, and her image remained with mo, disturbed me, and I rose this morning with a determination to seek her through you, and now lam disappointed, for I thought to make her mine, to adopt her, to do anything to insure her always being at my side." "But, my dear Mrs. Gascodollo, you shall seo her as often as I can spare her, and she will gladly go to you, for you have quite fascinated her, I can assure you." " I will make her love mo," said the old lady, with an imperative tosaof her head, then added more gently as her eyes filled with tears, .''Qh! you can never, never know the memories she has revived, or how, like she is to my dear dead; so liko, so like. How can I help feeling as I do, or behaving liko a spoilt child, because I cannot have her all to myself ? Where is her mother ?" Then Mrs. Hcrzen related all she know of Mrs. Lewis, since her arrival and se ttling at Edwardino. . Her listener was intensely interested, and asked eagarly, "And you know nothing of their .antecedent history V \- Nothing but what I have told you." "Oh, dear 1 oh, dear !" criod Mrs. Gascodollo, clasping her hands bofore hor face, bowed for a moment. " Would to God that you did." And then she muttered almost inaudibly to herself, "Never mind, never mind whether I know or do not, the samo sequel shall remain, and there in no need fur prying questions." : 111 those few seconds she evidently forgot where she was, or that Mrs. Herzen might bo supposing that her dotage had declared its arrival. She knew the purport of her words, but Mrs. Herzen, being unprovided with a clue, naturally believed her brain to be suffering from the shock which Salome had so unwittingly produced tlio night before, and waited quietly until she lifted her head again, and enquired .when Bhe might see Miss Lewis ? Would it be that day ? " Stay hero for lunch," Mrs. Herzen said, anxious to see a smile on the sad, wrinkled, care-worn countenance. 1 •.At twelve o'clock she and the children will be with me." ../Mrs, Gascodelle did stay, and when Salome entered with her pupils she'met her at the door. f' 'M have romained purposely to see you," were the first words of her greeting, and then she brought her face closely to hers once more,-but this time closer still, until her old lipa met the youthful lips, and pressed a fervent kiss there. And so truly was the foundation laid of an intimacy in which was concea'ed a wondrous kernel at its core, only to be discovered when the husk Bhould be broken in the time to come. (To be continued.) The Jewish community of Stutgart will shortly be the scene of three interesting jubilee celebrations, the Rabbi, Dr. Wassermann, the Ohazan, Moses Eichberg, and the Secretary of the Congregation, H. Stern, having all been in the service of the community fifty years. The Montefioro Homo for Incurables in New York was consecrated on. October 2Gtb. The inhabitants of the Ward of Farringdon Within are taking steps to recognise the services of their Alderman, Sir Benjamin S. Phillips, extending over a period of more than thirty-eight years. A preliminary meeting has been held, when it was resolved to ask the Corporation to accept a marble bust of Sir Benjamin, which it is hoped may be thought worthy of a niche in the new Council Chamber. A fund for the purpose has been opened. _ Two celebrities have just passed away at the Hague. On the 30th of. September the Right Reverend (to use his official designation) Jacob Ferares, Chief Rabbi of the Portuguese Congregation, died in that city in the 80th year of his age. He had entered on the eighth decade of hiB life only a fortnight previously, but owing to the precarious condition of hiB health the anniversary was celebrated in.as quiet a manner as possible Herr Ferares was the only Spanish and Portuguese Chief Rabbi in Holland' the Rabbinate of the congregation at Amsterdam having for many year' been in abeyance. He had worthily filled the office for a period of forty8 three years, and also acted for a few years as Chief Rabbi of the German" congregation. In view of the limited number of officials in his community, he was frequently called upon to officiate as Chatan, Baal Tokea, and even as Sopher (Scribe). When some years ago the King of Holland celebrated the 25th anniversary of his accession to the throne, His Majesty conferred on Herr Ferares the Knighthood of the Order of the Netherlands Lion; The leading daily journals in Amsterdam and the Hague, of all shades of political and religious opinion, vied with each other in publishing eulo gistic obituary notices of the deceased Chief Rabbi, whose career was distinguished by great piety, benevolence, and an ardent desire to revive the glories of the ancient congregation over which he so ably presided. The funeral, which wbb of an imposing character, took place on the 2nd of October. Both at the Synagogue and at the cemetery the S/w/ar was blown, and circuits were made around the bier j at the former place also around the synagogue itself. Several funeral orations were delivered, among otherB by the Right Reverend Herr Berenstein, the aged Chief Rabbi of the German community in the Hague, More widely known than Chief Rabbi Ferares was Herr L. J. De Jongh. who since 1842 had been settled at the Hngue as a doctor of medicine. For many years, however, he had virtually given up practice, and bad occupied himself with the preparation and sale of pure cod liver oil. The late Dr. De Jongh was characterised by his great benevolence, •, 