our paris letter. (ritoM oua owit correspomdekt. PARIS, 3rd Max Tlio Congrcss, to pull England apparently out of tho Egyptian mud into which she has drifted and floundered, for not knowing her own mind, and for not having tha courage to apply any intelligible policy, is a source of delight to the Frcnoh, It is viewed as a revenge, brought to them by tbe whirligig of time. They conclude they havo John Bull on tho hip, and will compel him to accept something like terms dictated hy them selves. This attitude of tho French is perfectly intelligible, and indeed natural ; only they run away with tho belief that England will clear ont to allow them to step in. Franco accepts tho Congress in principle, and Bismarck believes that, as a rulo, conditions, so subscribed to mean and resnlt in nothing. England is certainly bound to explain, if only for the benefit of Englishmen. She 1b compelled to give an account of her stewardship. In asking French creditors to consent to a recasting of their claims, it. is bnt fair to explain how it is in tended to better their interests thereby, and assure thorn that thoro shall bo no future demands on their self-sacrifice. And tho Frenoh Government intauds to demaud that French creditors must bo allowed a finger in tho management of the bankrupt's assets, unless England pledges herself 03 security againstall future-losses. H sho takes upon her self that responsibility, as Franco has done iu Tunis, the matter would bo singularly simpli fied. It is no secret tbat not one, but two syndicates of French financiers are prepared, with the approbation of their Government, to accept all tiio liabilities of Egyptian finances, on condition that Frauco alono be invested with the administration of Egypt. And what figure will England cut if at the congress, when . members come to a dead lock, as they are always certain to do, Franco throws down that trump card 2 Many grave people shake their heads, and think that evil, rather than good, will recult from ths congress ; that ils scope must be widenc-l ; und, it so, that Banquo'a ghost, the Eastern question, will reappear. A full ex planation between France and England ia necessary, and will enablo simple people to Bee through all the sliuffiing aud all the intrigue. mo &uoz; l.auol tollows the general fortnncs of Egypt. . The coming meeting of the shareholders may not bo able to form tbe quorum necessary to elect the Eng lish element to tho council hoard, an element that stinks in the nostrils of chauvin ism. Tho opposition want to bar out English control, and may defeat Do Losseps by their "obstructionist" policy. Indeed the French believe they aro in the veiu of good luck ; the chances of building up a vast Oriental empire at the expense of China, and as a compensa tion for the loss of Hiudo3tan, is already daz zling their view. Some brochures have been already devoted to this bright future. Jtaiton deplus, tbe patriots conclude to 'guard the caual for our coming greatness. China, in superseding the Marquis Tseng, apparently avows the time lias come to nego tiate about T'onquin. The negotiations need not bo long — a simple' acceptance of accom plished facts. China has proved to be only bouuee and bunkum. Unablo to keep the French from entering T'onquin, China will not find it easier to force them to leave. France has a bill of pains and penalties against the Celestials that oau he presented, suspended or withdrawn, following cirauinstunce3. The organisation and administration of Tonquiu is about to commonco. Tho Alinisters, elated by success, demand forty millions of francs ; and thoy will bo voted n em, eon. The grants might be opposed, eo long as issues were doubtful, but iu presence of victory no protests can be listened to. The colonial policy of Franco is now becoming as clear as noon day. Sho intends to imitate England in India. She will govern and administer all her new territories, attract her own traders but in the emigrants' sense of the word she will demaud none, France hints very plainly to England and Gormany, as well as China, that she bas not undertaken tho conquest, I mean the " protectorate," of Ton- quin to open up markot facilities for them, but for her own sous; hence obstacles will bo placed in the way of intcruatioual trade ; the favored nation clause will bo for Frenchmen exclusively. Perhaps, however, Germany nnd England may have something to say to thi programme. The complaints of Australia against the R&idiviste; Bill have at lost provoked atten tion. lho hrouen. do not clearly grasp tho matter yet, as the queatioa has only been ven tilated, not debated, aud tho Parisian journals generally on nil foreign questions resemble the blind leading the blind. Tho misfortune of Frenchmen is that when anything like a national interest is railed in question they ex pect autagouists to first avow they are wrong, aud that France is tho model of lay infalli bility, The French view of tho Aus- trolian demands is ranked somewhat as cool impudence, and that it is only an indirect move of ptrjidt Albion, to stop the civilising craze of Franco— that lit being now ou her. Onco possessed of Ocaanio islands, France claims to be able to export what she pleases there. Sho will not fond tlie'drogs of her socml scum, hut what she considers reform- able convicts, to peregrinate among tho aboriginals. The classification of French criminals is a mockurv, a delusion and a snare ; aud if Aus tralians allow that dust to be thrown in their eyes, they deserve to be deceived. Ahstralia must keep harping on the ono string, and an excellent one it Is, that every civilised nation must submit to international polity ; must not poison the stream, though it rises in her territory, bnt which flows through her neighbor's realms. She tried the same little gamo on with her own colonies in the Antilles, during tho reign of Louis XV. But the colonials compelled Paris to keep the vagabonds sbo engendered, and such was done. The Recidivists Bill only really and truly aims to empower the Govern ment to ship off cargoes, and many of such are in readiness, of the most incorrigible sooan- drels to the Antipodes or the North Pole, so that thoy cannot possibly find their way back. Cayenne is large enough for all the prison reforms France may havo ou the brain, and at home she can utilise convict labor. But all that means expense, and is not at all so easy or cheap as shooting down offensive and contagious rubbish at her neighbor's front or back door, or both. Australia must be very firm. It is on the English Government she must apply the pres sure, It would be a mere wasting of powder and ball to address herself directly to France. The Telegraph states that Australia is to Bend a working man's delogate to appeal to French working men. That is a lamentably false movo, and indicates a thorough ignorance of opinion here. The working man in England, by tho trades unions, is a power : in Franco he is a nonentity, for he has neither a guild nor a oollective organisation. As a rule, if the mld- dlo or upper classes bestow a thought upon him, it is to rank hiufos a communist, anarchist, gnesdoiste, coUoctiviste, possibilist, socialist, nihilist, dynamiter. Ask the representatives of the English trades unions who came over to fraternise with their frires here, what they think of tho Frcnoh working man aud his inflnenea witii the governing classes. It is through the English Foreign Office, through debates in the English Parliament, that Australia con alone make herself heard m Franoe ; and, in tho background, she con make herself feared by both countries. Home polities drag their slow length along. Tho Royalists cry aloud that the king is com. ing, and that tha nation is preparing to receive him with open arms. That spectacle ia not visible to tho naked eye, nor confirmed by the pa'rtial, local or legislative elections. Tho Bonapartists, in allying themselves with the Radicals, shew more knowledge of " lob bying" than tho Royalists ; they, in thus re hearsing the tactics of 1818, conld in time bring ! about serious embarrassment to tho Ministry! ! The Republic will keep its grouud so long as i uo fresh taxes are laid on, or tho country dragged into war. For tho moment the Ferry Cabinet meets tho wants of the country and the wishes | of all moderate men. There is uo tangible improvement in com- ' mercial_ and trading business ; the slaggiih ! stagnation remains ; .there ate no signs of speculation, no proofs of go-a- hendisxn. People 1 livc on diminished incomes, so as not to risktheir ! capital. We are in the period of the lean ltine; j but there is no reason to be discouraged ; tho - turn of the fat kine will arrive. The states quo - does this much good, it is sweeping away bubble banks, and toppling over firms, which have been shaking for years. Society per se does not reflect bard times ; traders complain now like fanners, bnt such grumbling does not force Vwh to pnt up their shutters. They nre-j vinegary and exnsporntod because compelled to accept small profits without quick returns. If halls, dinnerparties, thronged placed of amuse ment be tests of well-being and contentment, Parisians aro to bo envied. I was'spcaking a few days ago with the leading house agent in Paris. He assured mo lie had not on his books five nnlet houses. Strangers, he said, aro very numerous in Paris, but they live more quietly than their predecessors of a few years back. Munkaesy keeps tho lovere of fino arts on their legs, nis Crucifixion is a splendid composition — it notouly delights, but instructs and consoles. It is an immense picture where the . life of the Saviour may bo read in the features of the figures ; it is a tragedy that would bo full of terrors only it is fuller of bright liopc3. The artist has beon two years engaged ou the work. The Animal Picture Show or Salon has just opened its doors. Of the 2000 pictures exhi bited, about 10 per cent, merit oxaminntiou ; tho others may bo accorded the passing tribute of a sigh. There is 110 evi dence of marked progress in tho art; no genius breaks through and Steals our admiration and our judgment ; all is plodding, commercial, fast train production — the de sire to arrive at effect, without the drudgery of the alphabet and the first books of lessouB. Campi, the murderer of the old barrister, has been executed. He was nn extraordinary culprit, n compound of natural intelligence and accomplished depravity, of timidity nnd vulture ferocity, of snny froid and im petuosity. The guillotine, to follow a rhapso dical journal, did wonders ; the execution by Diebier commenced and finished within two minutes — tho time nearly required to win tho Derby. Paris has a " thought reader" tlmt surpasses n show man's dog in fmijing out concealed ob jects. Tiie bnli fights have beon prohibited, bnt two new religions, by apostles without foL lowers, are tolerated, tho more readily as they subscribe to separation of Church from Stats, 