NOTES BY CENSOR. For a time it seemed as if it were impossible to track the perpetrators of the recent dynamite outrages in England, and people were settling down to the conviction that the efforts of detectives and police were baffled. The news of the capture of three ? of the most active agents in the movement is fitted to restore confidence. A man by the name of Fitzgerald was arrested after being followed by detectives for several ? weeks, and a number of important docu ments were found upon him. Following ? ~~~ this arrest, a man named Daley or Denman wa* captured, and on his person were found three bombs containing a powerful explosive and other infernal machines. Another man named Egan has been arrested at Birming ham, from whose premises were taken a ' sackful of papers and documents of treason able character. The three prisoners have been remanded pending further inquiry. Some time will elapse ere the plot is un folded, and possibly some of the prisoners will turn informers, and bring to light, the circumstances connected with the explosion at ^je Victoria railway station in London. Only by the merest accident has a series of most terrible calamities been escaped ; but the movements of the dynamiters are so carefuMy kept secret that there is no telling in what quarter an overwhelming catastrophe may be brewing. One thing is certain, viz., that these fiendish plots are concocted in the United States and France. Paris has for some time been the connecting link between the Irish Fenians and the Irish American invincibles. The callousness of these nations who thus permit, murderous plots against a friendly people to' be hatched and carried out, merits the execration, of mankind. It is no easy matter, to trace these plots to their proper sources, but neither America nor France takes much notice of them, or makes much effort to rVhttp.k t.hom. Thn danp-or ia not Britain's i alone, it is the existence of law and order throughout the world that is endangered. It is difficult to see what good ends these 1 1 enemies of society think they can accomplish by their terrible expedients. When once the world is roused to a sense of its peril, woe betide the infatuated fools who carry on this awful game. The feeling of venge ance will yet become strong enough to vent itself in merciless and relentless severity on those who have so little mercy for their fellows of mankind. t. * * # - # - The agreement arrived at by Earl . Gran ville and the French Cabinet in regard to affairs in Egypt may satisfy English Radi cals, but it is hardly likely that the Liberal party will swallow it. That party has fol lowed Mr. Gladstone devotedly, if not blindly, and given him majority, after ? ;- majority on questions upon which a goodly number of Liberals differed from their ~ leader. But if the news received by telegraph in respect to Egypt be authentic, it is more than likely that the threat made a short time ago will be carried into execution. A number of Liberals have warned Mr. Glad- ~ stone that they will withdraw their support from him if Egypt is to be evacuated ; and, as this result seems likely, it is quite likely a dissolution of Parliament will take place. The Pall Mall Oazette has-been corrected by the Daily Neivs for inexact statements on the subject, but it seems clear that both papers regard the evacuation of Egypt as a settled matter. If this occurs it will give rise to a storm of indignation in England. After all the blood and treason that has been expended in Egypt, the British troops are to be withdrawn, and Egypt left practically to itself, except that Turkey ocoupies the ports of the Red Sea. Surely it would have been better never to have interfered in Egyptian affairs at all, than to mix up in them and then scuttle out of the country in an almost ? ignominious way. It is pretty clear that ~ Mr. Gladstone is acting under the pressure of his Eadical colleagues, a clique of whom control to a large extent the decisions of the English Cabinet and the policy of England. As home politicians, the Eadicals have been instrumental in carrying great reforms ; but as foreign politicians they are muddlers. Their notion, of ' peace at any price' may be realised at some better period of the world's history than at present; but its application to the affairs of Egypt at the present time is fraught with the greatest danger. If England withdraws from Egypt, a repetition of the anarchy and bloodshed which first called for her interference will be the result.* * y TnE Debating Society's meeting on Wednesday night lapsed for the want of a ? quorum. Washed away by the flood. Municipal Question.— In the Victorian municipal councils the members retire annu ally just as they do in New South Wales. A question arose lately in one of the councils of Victoria~as to which aldermen should retire, there having been no contest at the ^ last annual election. The members drew lots to decide the matter, and it' fell to the lot of the Mayor and' another member to retire. One of the councillors disagreed with the decision, on tho ground that the Mayor had been elected for three years, which term had not yet expired. The question was a very simple ono to settle. The law is that each year those who' have ? ? been longest in the council shall retire un less for the first two years of its existence, when the first year those two who received the least number of votes at the election retire and the second year the two who were, voted aboye those. If thero had been no election, then it should bo decided by lot. Iirtho~caso referred to, if the Mayor had ? been longest in tho council, there was no occasion for him to draw; ho was to retiro. I The Schools break up next week for the mid- winter holidays. Wagga Hospital Fund.— We have to acknowledge receipt of the following further sums Messrs. Matthews Bros. , 10/6 ; and Messrs. E. and E.Eesch, 10/6. Mr. John Kjbby has had his premises lately purchased in Sydney refitted, and is ~ td open business to-day (Saturday). Hospital.— Members of committee should bear in mind to meet on Monday night. Eoad Contract. — The following tender has been accepted : — W. Dinnen— contract No. 1 of 1884, road Cootamundra to Temora. Dacey' s Forest Devil.— Mr. William Cowley, of ' Forest Hill,' Illabo, advertises one of these implements, now in demand, for sale. ' Fun.' — This is the title of an entertain ments which is promised to be given in the Assembly Hall to-night (Saturday). The advertisement gives full particulars. The Eoyal Hotel has again changed hands. Mr. J. Boyce, from Sydney, a ' gentleman of extensive travel and experi ence, has bought the lease, subject to the transfer by the Licensing Magistrate. Gundagai Mills.— The works at the ? Gundagai flour mills (says the Times J are expected to be complete by the end of the month, when milling operations will be at once started. Yote for Eoad. — Through the influence of our late member, Mr. Bruce Smith (says the Gundagai Times), the sum of £500 has been placed on the additional estimates for v.., repairs toi the road between Beggan Beggan and Jugiong. PROBATE, &c.; — Messrs. Murdoch and O'Donnell have given notice of their inten- tion to apply for probate of the last will and testament of Neil Glass, late of Cootamun- dra, miner, and for letters of administration in the estate of Margaret Powell, late of Cucumbla, minor. Dissolving 'Views. — The entertainment promised for Thursday night was postponed in consequence of bad — no, good weather ; and, consequently, the hero of the Kaatskill Mountains, poor old Eip Van Winkle, has to sleep a little longer— till Tuesday night next. Old and young juveniles should bear . this in mind. Local Yarn. — 'Bill Fisher's Ghost,' a yarn which is being reprinted by us, is from the Taranald News, New Zealand. The author is probably ono of that intelligent band of shearers who travel year after year the rounds of the colonies and New Zealand. ' It was shearing time, and there was a full shed at Nubba' refers to the adjoining run of that name; and ' Peter Sinclair, the boss of the wash-pens' may be well known. It will find interested readers at Nubba, Wallendbeen, Wombat, and other places. The Bain of this week has done a deal of good for this district— made the thirsty land arable, freshened up the young grass, replenished dams and tanks, and our ' 'town reservoir, cleaned the streets and drains, and otherwise improved matters. As to the reservoir, it is nearly bank high — that is, the lower bank. The entrance to the enclosure is in a very bad state ; and the fencing is open in several places, in conse \- quonce of which stock pass in over the em bankment, and are doing injury to it. We beg to draw the attention of the trustees to this matter. The Victorian Parliament was opened on Tuesday by ih, ejecting Governor, Sir W. F. Stawell. The following items are selected from the speech : — A measure will be sub mitted dealing in' a comprehensive manner with the whole question of the utilisation of the remaining crown lands of the colony. Proposals for a considerable extension of our railway system will be submitted without delay. There are still many districts in the colony of which the advancement is retarded and the prosperity injuriously^ affected by the absence of railway communication ; it is _ _ also desirable that the large quantity of permanent- way material and rolling stock OThich has been obtained should be utilised as soon as possible. An amendment of the Licensing Act has become necessary, and a ? bill will be laid before Parliament with a view to ensure a stricter regulation of the ? liquor traffic, and to make provision for a reduction of the number of public- houses. Bills will be introduced to amend the law relating to banking institutions, which recent experience has shown to be required ; for ? the- consolidation and further amendment of the laws relating to merchant shipping and seamen ; the importation, manufacture,' .custody, and employment of certain explo ' sives, which are surrounded with so much peril to the community that bettor provision is required for the protection of life and property, and stringent legislation on this subject will be proposed accordingly; to — ? provide for mining and private property, ? ' embodying the principles discussed last session; also bills for the protection of women and for the amendment^ of the law relating to the property of married women. Police Court.— Yesterday, before Mr. J. Barnes, J.P., Eobert Guymer was charged — with being drunk, and was discharged. The ? ? same defendant was charged with making use of obscene language, arid was fined 10/. Selections at Cootamundra on Thurs day John Fitzgerald, 80a, county Claren don, parish Bute, starting at the north-west corner of his 50a, portion 2£1, west of Elliott's portion 174, south about 5 chains to the south-east corner of this portion, west ? to-portion 199, south along this portion to travelling stock reserve 1,865, east to E. T. Elliott's 330a. northgoiist, and again north to * starting point. ^ - Dr Siii.kiman's mscovhuiks of ancient sites and Lmrie treasures will enthuse all lovers of classic history, and form a valuable accession to the achievmcnts of patient search and zealous inquiry. They fix and locate events, it io true, mid verify or contradict the teachings of centuries. But really they are not as important as some of the developments of medical science, r.or will they revolutionize the world or original ideas, as did the dis covery of UdOLPHO W0LFE'8,JbCUEPUM AROMATIC . Schnapps. P ? 't . { 