ECHOES OP MELBOURNE TBy The Ghost.1 April 18. The week, in so far at all events as tho Government are concerned, has been characterised by a masterly inactivity. The good intentions of the Ministry to set to work in real earnest and prepare the measures for the forthcoming session have simply added to the heap of material with which a certain torrid locality is said to be paved. . Holidays are, in a certain sense, most demoralising. Their approach unfits men for serious work, and. when they are past and gone, there is the inevitable re covery to be suffered, during . which all mental exertion becomes a bore. Our rulersare, after all, but .men, possessing the same foibles and subject' to the sanie influence' as ordinary mortals ; and thus it conijw that instead of meeting in solemn conclave and discussing the provisions of the bills to be laid before Parliament during next June, they eat, drink, and are merry, some in Queenscliff, others at Sorrento, and others again — for whom, like Charles Lamb, green fields possess no charms, and who luxuriate with bricks and mortar of towns — in the classic portions of Collingwood. Even the recently appointed Postmaster General, Mr. James Campbell, who is nothing if not a business man, has not put in an appearance in his new office, where he is to reign vice Mr. Berry, who henceforth is to devote himself exclusively to tho duties appertaining to the Chief Secretary ship. It is rumoured that under the regime of the ' new broom ' some of the long-promised and much needed reforms in the management of tho department will bo inaugurated. It remains, however, to be seen whether Mr. James Campbell's ideas when simply a private member of tho Legislature are as progressive as they were before he obtained the right to affix the title of ' honourable ' to his patro 1 nymic and to take his seat in the Cabinet. Should his opinion not have changed, and the blight of officialdom not affect his aspi rations towards cheap postages, we may hope that ere long letters will be carried all over Victoria for a penny, and news papers be free. Gentlemen, when in office, are, however, at times, very different from the same individuals when out of office,and present an aspect as entirely dissimilar under their altered condition as the proverbial Philip Drunk and Philip Sober. ' The onslaught on the Government,begun by Major Smith, has not been productive of any of the anticipated results. The attack was intended as the first of a series to bo made on the Ministerial position. But the rank and file the honourable and gtllant member for Ballarat assumes to lead have evidently no stomach for the fight. Wiser than their chief, they evidently have no desire to rush in where tho ex-Minister of Education has not feared to 'put down his foot.' With the one solitary exception of a newspaper published in his own constituency, the entire Press of tho colony have been unanimous in expres sing disapproval of the Ballarat pronuncia mento, and of the ' bad form ' shown in abusing the IniporialMilitia officers and tho Railway Commissioners. The Marquis of Normanby is taking his departure, not exactly 'unwept, un honoured, and unsung,' but without any very serious manifestations of grief on the part of the colony he has quitted. There is a prevalent idea — only too .wellfounded — that the noble lord had not been over lavish in his hospitalities, and that the liege subjects of her Majesty have not been invited as often as they . should ? have been to the festivities at Government House. The feasts given havo been of an eminently barmecide character, and in the majority of instances the invitations when issued have been countermanded because some of the Governor's numerous sisters and cousins and aunts would insist on dying at inopportune times. When the doom of patronage was sealed, and the Railway Commissioners took charge of the State lines, it was hoped that the reign of incompetency was over, and that all reasonable grounds for complaint would be removed. Vain and delusive hope ! There has been the same lamentable want of arrangements displayed during the holi days just ended as has always been shown when' the department was subjected to any extra strain — trains late, first and seoond class passengers indiscriminately huddled into the carriages, porters conspicuous by' their absence, jostling crowds at the stations, the usual crush' at the ticket windows, and, if possible, all the old incon veniences intensified. People arc asking themselves if it was worth while importing a manager at .£3000 per annum, and giving him a couple of well paid, colleagues; inde pendent of Parliamentary control, to leave them just where they were when Messrs. Woods and Patterson and Bent were at the helm. Two months should have been sufficient to enable the newly appointed men to ' feel their feet,' and put an ond to at least some of the most flagrant abuses of the old system. But they have' ap parently done nothihg,and in regard to our railways we are much in the position of the house whose last state was worse than its' first. Blundering, however, does not appear to be peculiar to railway officials. Tho Board of Health appear to bo imbued with an equal facility for hitting on theplau of' ' how not to do it.' The incoming mail steamer Rome was prevented from dis charging her mail while the two medical men at the Heads were squabbling over the unintelligible instructions ? received from head-quarters. After eight houi'3 had been wasted,thepropor course wnsatlnst adopted, -tho letters taken to Melbourne and fumigated, and the sick passenger landed at the quarantine station. There are doctors who aver that the patient about whom all tlie fuss is being made is not suffering from small-pox, and the alarm is a false one. Meanwhile, the un fortunate people on board the Rome are kept in suspense as to their ultimate fate. Whether they aro to undergo a fourteen days' quarantine, to be '? vaccinated and fumigated, has not yet been finally decided by Dr. Youl and his colleagues on the Central Board of Health. Unable to reply to the criticisms of the newspapers on their gross incapacity, the officials have retaliated by refusing to afford any infor mation to the representatives of the Press. Of course, were Parliament in session, this step would not have been taken. ? The weekly record of criine is devoid of anything sensational.. The . niurderer 'VValton, who in a fit of jealousy shot his wife at Lauriston, in October last, has been declared by a jury insane: and unfit, to plead, and remanded' to gaol ' during his ?'??? Excellency's pleasure.' It is to be hoped, that the ' pleasure' of her Majesty's repre sentative will be to keep the fellow in durance vile during the rest of his natural life. Bourke, or, as ho prefers to coll himself, Captain Donovan, who is suspected by tho police — but by no ono else — of being the man who killed Beach, at Pettavel, is said to have been sent out to Tasmania some thirty years ago, for his country's good. The bank robbers of Horshain are still unknown, tho Government roward not withstanding ; not even the, stolen notes,, which it is said are coming rapidly into circulation, affording tho detectives tho usual ' clue.' An amusing story is being told in con nection with Major Smith's recent oration at Ballarat. 'I suppose,' observed one member of tho Assembly to another who sits in opposition, ' now that ' tho Major ' has opened the campaign, he will be fol lowed by a lot of anscrous politicians.' 'Well,' replied tho other honourable gen tleman, who had evidently never heard of the Rev. Sydney Smith, ' I hardly think so. There is really not much to answer.' Had tho gentleman who thus spoke not hailed from the ' land of moun tain and of flood,1' ho might have been suspected of perpetrating a bon mot. Pressmen are, as a rule, not entirely free from the ordinary weaknesses incidental to poor -humanity, and it is hardly strange, therefore, that they should, at times, re joice over the misfortunes of their frionds. And so it comes to pass that thero is at present some little joy displayed by mem bers of tho fourth estate over tho discovery that a contributor to tho leading columns- ? of ono of the metropolitan morniug dailies has been found out as a literary larcenist, and exposed to public derision. The ' smart' articles are simply paraphrases of the leading matter of the Saturday Review, from which journal the ideas, the phraseology, and the quotations are all ' cribbed.' What makes the matter worse is thof act that the delinquent is a gentleman who prefixes to his patronymic the titlo of ' reverend,' and who can therefore hardly ' plead, as an excuse, ignorance of the com mandment anent stealing. Ho has been . gibettedin the Press, under the pseudonyme of the Reverend 'Mr. Filchitt,' a name so very closely resembling his . own, as to render it easy to fix the responsibility of the plagiarist on the right shoulders. Before undertaking his clerical duties, the now reverend gentleman was connected with a labour office in Geelong, and haying,. - therefore, for a number of years, lived on ? the work of others, perhaps finds h'iinself unable to divest himself of a habit coii tracted in early life. How niuch poor mortals are slaves to custom ! Lieutenant-Colonel Sargood, the Minister of Defence, has been going about seeking' legal opinions, and finding none. His appeal for advice to the. President of .the 'Legislative Council has been as fruitless as his other endeavours to find out in what manner his acceptance of the rank he holds in the militia — with the allowances appertaining thereunto— affects his posi tion as a member of the Legislature. If his acceptance of a lieutenant-colonelcy, with .£50 per annum for the keep of a charger, is deemed to be: 'an office of profit under the Crown,' he is sitting illegally and is liable, to whoever chooses to sue him, for the sum of fifty pounds a day for every day. he retains his seat. Urisuc- ' cessful in discovering the state of mind of those before whom the question niay be. broughtfor adjudication, he has. resolved— to quote his own words — -to retain his seat ' and brave the penalties.' As the gallant officer is perfectly . aware . that when ? a similar, case occurred on a former occasion, to an honourable member who supported.' the Ministry, the person exercising his. legal right to sue for the penalties was. threatened with the Sergeant-at- Arms, and! ? the pains following on a breach of privi-: lege, tho decision arrived at can' hardly enable Lieutenant-Colonel Sargood to claim the distinction ' for valour.' .The 'bravery' of deciding 'to brave '?' the '' penalties is not assuredly of a very exalted kind. '? ' ? : :, '( ? j Melbourne is at the present time graced, by the presence of royalty, King'Tawahio, accompanied by a number of . New Zealand chiefs, bent on interviewing England's y Queen, being at present in our midst. His Majesty has been taken round to see the lions, has been talked 4o by Dr; L. L. Smith, and at by Mr. Fitzgibbon,the City Recorder, , with whom he is to-night to dine. Evi dently, however, the royal personage ' is without much honour in this country, how- ? ever much he may havo in his own. ,; No salute thundered from our war ships' to '?': grace his arrival, and the head' that wears. , a crown lies uneasily every night in it.,, second rate hotel at Williamstownv : . '..,? In theatrical circles 'the sensation' of the week has been the failure of ' Fun on the Bristol,' produced at the RoyaL A more inane, vulgar, and tediously dreary ' comicality' has never been placed on the boards of the Royal— which is saying a great deal. Even in its modified shape the public will havo none of it, and even tho. gallery refuses to laugh at tho horse play and stale jokes which would disgrace a third-rate ' Ethioxjian serenaders per formance. Mr. Garner has this time made a great mistake in ' gauging tho taste of Melbourne play-goers. At the Bijou,. Emelie Melville is still' drawing large houses, and the saino may be said of Miss _ Gonevieve Ward in ' Forget inc. not,' at1^ the Princess, where this gcmiino actress, nightly appears to grow in favour. At the Opera House, Burnaud's new version of the old story of Blue Beard, with Jenny Lee in. the title role, is being well patronised. The : Wine, and Grain Exhibition supplements , . ? its attractions by a display of .musculair - Christianity, a wrestling match for the' championship of the world having been \/[ arranged between : Donald , Dinnie, 'the ' Scotch athlete, andProfessorMilier.; '.';_' ,: 