THE M AHfiW TITCVnCWR. fFnwT NonnR.1 Ihe Nineteenth Century opens with the programme and names of the Committee for the Enforcement of Sanitary Laws and the Inmroverfienr, of Dwellings. All admit that if the existing laws were properly known and applied many of the evils suffered by the poor could be remedied, and this strong com mittee, headed by the Barones3 Burdett Coutts and Miss Octavia Hill, followed by the Earls of Shaftesbury and Dtmraven, Sir Richard Cross, Mr. Shaw-Lefevre, Samuel Morley, Thomas Burt, Samuel Barnett, Arnold Forster, and James Knowles {Editor of the reyiew) as Secretary, is likely to do good. Mr. Edward Dicey goes on to ai- gue, as he has done ia the pages of thia review for seven years, that the establishment of a ' Protectorate in Egypt' is the only solu tion of the difficulty. The Ministry and the country thought otherwise at the time he wrote first, and they continued to think differently. Lord Dnfferin's report en couraged them in their belief that a pro tectorate was unnecessary, but yet by our occupation we have deranged everything, and have established nothing in its stead. From personal acquaintance and the evidence of many friends in Egypt who have known Tewfik long and intimately, Mr, Dicey asserts that, as Oriental princes go, he is honest, well-meaning, economical, and anxious, after his own lights, to promote the welfare of the country. The alleged incom petence of the Kbedive is due to the dilemma in which we place him. He is rot allowed to employ native means, and cannot use British. Anglo-Indian authorities, a class of men whose opinions on Ezjptian affairs are gene rally wrong, believe that any native race can be turned into good soldiers if drilled and led by British officers; but we have seen that this is a mistake here. If the difficult experiment of reconstruction is to succeed, its success will be dne to the personal individuality of Nubar Pasha, to the peculiar and exceptional combination of qualities which entitle him to eminence even amidst European statesmen. His views, which he has held steadfastly both in office and in exile, is that Egypt, owing to her geographical position, her incapacity of defence, the wealth of her material re sources, ?nd the character and training of her population, can never be in reality an independent State. By the necessities of the case she muBt be subject to some foreigu Power, and as the interest of England, so losg as India fonts part of the British Empire, is infinitely greater than that of any other European couttry, England by the force of facts is destined to become the dominant Power in Egypt. ?'Peasants' Homes in Arcady,' by Dr. Augustus Jessop, is another interesting and timely chapter of rural life in these times. He shows what the people leave in order to crowd into the cities and make house room there, so bad and so dear; and he brings forward an argument to combat Mr. George's diatribes againBt the large proprietors in the fact that where there are large properties and well-to-do clergy the poor are decently housed and cared for. It is in the ' open parishes,' which have a great number of small landowners and where the titles are appropriated to lay uses, that the labourers are bo miserably accommodated. In great cities many are very wretched, but there iB a chance for the few ; in the country there seemB no chance at all. In London there is a sufficient supply of water, and milk is to be bought. The peasant in well-watered England depends often on scanty and pol luted wells, and can no more buy freah milk than he can buy fresh salmon. Dr. Jessop believes much could be done to check the drain to cities already too full if the con ditions of rural life were better, and he sug gests as a resource that there is scarcely a parish in Norfolk and possibly elsewhere that has not some reserve lands given or be queathed to the poor, the rents of which are set apart for providing the villages with fuel, clothing, bread, or money doles. These small estates must not be confounded with the commons or waste lands, which even now after all the immense enclosures, cover nearly 13,000 acres. They are the town lands held by trustees, and the income from them is sometimes large—he speaks of £300 ia one and £800 in another. They are generally very conveniently situated, Pud if they were utilized and labourers' dwellings erected on them the value of the lands would be greatly enhanced ? but, unfortunately. Mr. Jesse Collings's Bill fcr the extension of allotments, among its many crude and ill-considered pro visions, throws serious ifficulties in the way. Arcady hates apply ng to the Charity Com missioners, who, rightly or wrongly, are detested. If these bequests could be pro perly handled pro leno publico, even fnnds for building mkht be borrowed on their security and paid by instal ments. Dr. JcBsop appeals to those who are blessed with wealth and a kind heart. He does not believe in the State as the engine which must do everything that requires to be done. He says that ' neither the State nor the ratepayers, with untold millions in their power,.can 'produce another Octavia Hill by the offer of the most liberal salary. That heroic lady has impressed us all with the enormous importance of personality as a factor. She worked alone in her own way. She has been guardian and Secretary, In spector and Collector ; above all, Bhe ha3 been her own committee and her own Board of Management. Let a few animated by the spirit of Octavia Hill spring up for Arcady. The task, then, is neither so large nor so hope less.' Miss Lonsdale, authoress of ' Sister Dora,' writes on 'Platform Women' not favour ably. Lord Dunraven has an article on 'The Opening of National Institutions on Sunday,' in which he oondemus the duplication of names and the unfair means taken to obtain signatures from working people for the lord's Day Rest Association petition. They were asked if they approved of making people work on Sunday, and they naturally answered 'No.' They did not mean that the light duties of a few caretakers should not be required in order that the great masses of the toiling population might have some pleasure and brightness on the day of rest. Akin to this article is Mr. Walter Besant's excellent pa#er on the 'Amusements of the People' in the Contemporary, Who that read in the Observer and the Evening Journal ' AH Sorts and Conditions of Men,'' which he calls an impossible story, can forget the Palace of Delight which the heroine's- money and the hero's fcoul went into the building and'the furnishing and the beaut'fying of? He tells us that the thing ia about to he transferred from the region of poetry into that of practice by the creation of the People's Palace. The Mile-End-road runs through the most extensive portion of the most dismal city in the world, and it is hoped that the palace will stand near the centre of it, with Step ney, Whitechapel, Bethnal Green, Bow, Stratford, Shadwell, Limehouse, Wap ping, and St. George's-in-the-East all around it. He tells as a stern truth that this palace will do nothing— at first, at any rate to relieve the great fringe of starvation and misery of the Ea3t-End. People out of work and starving do not want amusement ; but the respectable artinans and shop employes and clerks, those who feel secure of food and clothing to-day and to-morrow, want it. For them the Palace willcontarn— 1, class-rooms j 2, concert-rooms ; 3, conversation-rooms ; 4, a gymnasium ; 5, a library ; and 6, a winter garden. There muBt be rooms where the men can smoke, aad others where the girls can talk and work and read. A Debating Society for social and political questions, a dancing-Bchool, and a ball once a week all the year round ; a bar for beer aa well as for coffee, at a price calculated to pay the bare expenses ; there must be a library and wait ing-room, and the winter garden must be a place where the women and children can come in the daytime while the men are &t; work. For teaching the classes ere look for voluntary work rather than a great endowment. The Col lege at Great Osmond-Btreet shows how much can be done by unpaid labour. The University Extension Society may help, and the co ? operation of Board School masters, Political Clnbs, and Debating Societies may be expected. He quotes with admiration Mr. Charles Leland's great success in teaching the minor decorative arts to all claBscs in Philadelphia. Great Osmond - street College suggeata Frederick D. Maurice, where the present writer heard him lecture on English historj to working men, and tin Conten o rary contains an interesting biographical paper on that good and great man oy the Rev. J. Llewelyn Davies. The dayB of Christian Socialism were tha- days -. t u oat hope and activity in his life. He found him self the honoured chief of a baud of earnest young men, including, besides Mr. J. M. Lud low, Charles Kingsley and Thomas Hughes. He eupplied the chief inspiration to tho co- operative movement in England, to Queen's College for tha h:gher edu cation of women, as weil as to the Work ing Men's College in Great Ormond-atreet. He icBpired in those ?who really knew him a feeling of reverence, profound, unalloyed, and tender, something quite unique in these days. And ho made no party, though he waa often talked of as the leader of the Broad Church. Principal Fairbairn, on ' The Churchea and the Ideal of Religion,' among other things, tells us that 'if the Anglican revival has sublimed and softened and en riched our worship, it has also narrowed and hardened and impoverished our religion. . . . The Churches that convert most men and women and best use those whom they have converted realize religion in the most efficient way. . . . There is nothing that has co hindered the supremacy of religion aa the Btruggls for . ecclesiastical supremacy. The ecclesiastic is not made by bis functions a religious man ; his position rather makes Lim bat & statesman of narrower interests, with ambitions circumscribed by the limita of his society.' Professor Bonn my Price, reviewing ' The Gold Treasures of India,' by Clarmont J. Daniell, of the Bengal Civil Sen ice, highly commends the pbn proposed for the reform of the currency as the only scientific and practical one, It is, in fact, similar to the English coinage, except that silver may continue to be a legal tender up to R5.003, or £500. Indian qoods have not fallen ia price owing to tho changed value of silver —it is only for foreign trade, and especially for the enormous exchanges with Great Britain, that the depression is felt. Sir, Arnold-Foster writes on the 'Balkan Provinces in 1883,' 'which have made great progress since the Treaty of Berlin freed them from the Turkish yoke. The Turk must rule or he must leave, eo that we Bee caravans of emigrants constantly moving away from provinces where they are not persecuted, but where they are no longer masters, Tho article ib very interesting with regard to the progress which the Bulgarians are making in education and the predominence of English and American, rather than Continental, ideas among them. We note that he confirms the forebodings of M. Colani in the February Fortnightly as to the designs of Austria on Macedonia and Salonica. No one who is at all familiar with the politics of Eastern Europe, and the condition of feeling between Russians and Austrians, and still more between Russians and Hungarians, can doubt that .the great danger which now menaces Europe ia on the Austrian frontier ; but Mr. Arnold-Forster thinks Austria a lesser danger than Russia. Austria must make terms with the southern Slavs to secure her own exist ence— conquest by Russia means annexation and brute despotism. Mr. John Westlake writeB on 'Propor- tional Representation : a Practical Proposal,' | and suggests that a reform in detail for School Board elections would carry out the principle already conceded. If the mem bers of each School Board were elected in one list by ths majority we Bhould see the work ing of these Boards handed over bodily— aa the majority in each place sways to and fro— for three years to the partisans of secular education, and for three years to those of religion ; for three years to tho Church, and for the next three years to Dissenters, and so on. If these were divided into single mem ber districts, the shifting of population would necessitate constant changes of boundary, and the Education Department would not stand the general howl which any possible scheme of division would excite. The Ameri can phraBe of 'gerrymandering' would be used to characterize the swamping of thia Church or that Chapel, of this rich district or that poor district. The cumulative vote, which his given considerable steadiness to the School Boards, however, ia somewhat uncertain, and even length of experience has not made it accurate ; so Mr, Westlake pro poses to allow the alternative vote, known aa Hare'e contingent vote. Dr. Karl Hilltbrand writes pleasantly on ' Old and New Novels,' somewhat severe on the new ; aud Miss Julia Wedgewood'B short review of 'Current Fiction' is especially good ; as is also M. Gabriel Monod'a long article on ' Contemporary Life and Thought in France.' We must bracket together ' Terrorism in RuBBia,' by Stepniak, ia the Contemporary, and PrinceKrapotkine's ' Exile in Siberia,' in the NindeenthCentmy— both painful reading. The description of the 'outlaw,' 'the illegal man' who carries his life in his hand, who can claim no property, exercise no profession, own no family, is striking. He ia the ready assassin, for he ia the willing; victim of the cause. The average duration; of tho outlaw's life ia reckoned at two years— it is probably less. The Executive Committee of the Nihilists express the strongest condemnation of the murder of President Garfield, for when there was peaceful discussion of ideas allowed and the ruler was the choice of the nation itself 'political assassination could only be regarded aa a manifestation of tho identical despotic tendency to the destruc tion of which we are devoting ourselves ia Europe.' Stepniak does not fear terrorism when there is not repression, and thinks tuers need be no scares as to dynamite in Europe generally. 'The Exile in Siberia' is a Ead picture of what ' the illegal man' muBt suffer if he is not fortunate enough to be executed. Mr. Traill gives us a lively dialogue oE the 'Brutes on their Master' in the matter of cruelty and vivisection; Earl Grey a long article on the House of Commons, which he considers to be sadly deteriorated ; Sir Thomas Brassey a Bensible paper on 'Ship InEuranceB and Loss of Life at Sea.!- Tho Dean of Westminster will awake many memories among the elderly by hia account of 'My School Days from 1830 to 1840;' and Mr. Frederic Harrison writes one of his eloquent appeals to the religious senti ment in his protest against Mr. Herbert Spencer's 'Ghost of Religion.' Mr. Mal- lock, or is it Miss Cobbe who says that George Eliot and Frederic Harrison are examples of Suppressive Theism, although they both pro fess only what they call the Religion of Humanity ? We have seen orthodox Chris tians who caught fire and enthusiasm from both of these writers. 