[?] AN ERROR CORRECTED. To the Editor of the Protestant Standard. Drab Sib, — Quite accidentally I have noticed that you have misrepresented me in your last week's issue. You. have considered it your duty apparently, to call attention to tho religious persuasions of all those members, of Parliament who voted for Mr. McLaughlin's motion with reference to freo passes for all, children, attending ! school;, and have placed the letters R.C. against my name. Now if. I did belong to that, communion, I daresay, I. should glory in the .'fact, as so many of its members' do ; but as I do'not, and never have belonged to it's and moreover havo no 'relative who does, I must object to your classification. It would not in my opinion bo difficult to juatifymy vote but- doing so ' would take more of my timo and your spaco than either of us could woll spare. You will oblige me by resorting this letter or contradicting tho statement made. ' Yfliira fwilv.. Sydney, G.H.YOUNG. 6th February, 1884. We regret tho mistake: but.it. makes.no dif- ferenco in tho argument which urged that nil the Romanists in tho House voted on the same side. —Ed. THE POPE AND HISTORY.— In his Encyclical Letter of the 18th August last, Leo XIII. directs his Cardinals " to secure the co-operation of learned men skilled! in histori cal writing, to each of whom they may assign the task best suited; to his abilities, and in accordance- jwith the rules which he, the Pope, has sanctioned." It would have afforded a, more reasonable hope that an im partial recital of history will bo secured if the Papal archives had been opened to every inquirer ; but if the Cardinals will honestly follow the Papal instructions, and " keep vividly in mind a dread of uttering false hood, and not shrink from stating the truth," they will find a wide field of inquiry opened to their research, and a long list of dainna- , tory. accusations brought against the Papacy : which th.ey will need to explain and refute. It is a notorious matter of history that the claims of the Papacy are founded;on forgery .and falsehood. Tho forgeries .are admitted: Among such, . we may point to, the alleged "Donation of Constantino," and : the gorged Decretal . Epistles of Isidore Mercator. In the first-named forgery, the; Emperor Con stantino is made to " decree that the most sacred See of tho Blessed. Peter .should be gloriously exalted, above our imperial and earthly throne, and that it shall havo supre macy over all the Churches of God in the universal world." Tho Emperor is also tnade to state that he had given to Pope, Sylvester and his . successors ".estates of possessions in India, Greece, Asia, Thrace, and Africa, or in the different .islands \ that: he, further , be stowed upon hirm his. imperial palace at Rome, his crown, hisiuceptre, and all the ensigns of royalty,, and, that ho relinquished to the Pope all the provinces, places, and States of Italy or the western regions. It is further set forth that, this earthly emperor then pro ceeded to pass sentence of. eternal damnation on every one who should violate this decree. (The "Donation of Constantino" is included in the Collection of Isidore, contained in Merlin's " Concilia," p. 56 ; also in tho " Patrologi® of Abbe Migno," vol. 130, col. 245\. Paris, 1853.) For centuries this for gery was relied upon as tho great title-deed of the Popes. Adrian I., in the 8th century, when be wanted to get a grant of temporal power from the French Emperor Charlemagne, held up this forged " Donation of Constan- tine" as his right to temporal power, and the ground on which he asked for it. (" Mura- tori Rerum," script., torn, iii., pars, ii., p. 194.) By the same title Pope Urban II. gave away Corsica. (Lanigan's " Eccles. Hist.," vol. iv., p. 160.), and Pope Adrian IV., in the 12tli century, gave Ireland to King Henry II. by virtue of the gift of all islands to the Pope, as contained in this forged Donation. (See Lanigan's " Hist. Ireland," vol. iv., pp. 160, 164\. Dublin, 1822 ; also O'Halloran's " Hist. Ireland," vol. ii., p. 360. London, 1778 ; also evidence of John of Salisbury, who was sent by Henry to the Pope to ask for Ireland — " Metalogicus," lib. iv., c. ult. Paris, 1610, p. 240. See also Letter in Tablet, August 25, 1883, p. 299.) The collection of Isidore also contains the famous forgeries, the " Decretal Epistles." The " Decretal Epis tles" were first . published by order of AutgariuB, Bishop of Metz, in France, about the year 836. (See Du Pin, " Eccles. Writers," vol. i., p. 583. Dublin, 1723.) They were put forward as the letters of the earlier Popes, and their purport was to establish the powerB claimed by the later Popes. These forged Epistles, as briefly described by Binnius, Roman Catholic Arch bishop of Cologne, assert the Primacy of Peter ; the dominion of the Roman Church ; the priests are not to he injured, nor accused , nor deposed, and other matters in relation to appeals being made to the Apostolio See. Bindius was one of tho last Romish theo logians who attempted to defend the authority of these Decretal Epistles. That they are forged is now admitted by Roman Catholic writers of authority. Amongst those who acknowledge the fact may bo mentioned Du Pin, Doctor of the University of Paris ; the learned Jesuits Labbe and Cossart, who name the following as making a similar admission : — " Cardinals BaroniuB, Bellarmine, and Per ron ; Contius, Antonius Augustinus, Lorinus, Sirmond, and many others." (" Labbe aud Cossart," vol., I., , p. 78.) The forgeries aro clearly proved by the blunders which appear in these Epistles as to dates, reference to councils held after the deaths of the Popes to whom these letters were attributed, the monstrouB ignorance shown in these Popes' letters of the history of their own times, and other absurdities. One instance will be suffi cient as an illustration : Clement, in Ifis first alleged Epistle to St. James, recites that St. Peter, who " had been appointed to he the foundation ofdhe true Church," when about to die, said to all the people, t'l ordain this Clement as your. Bishop ; I deliver to. him that power of binding s or loosing which was delivered, to me by ithe Lord." Clement then proceeded to > " instruct''; St. James about; the ordering xof v the; sacraments and the celebra tion of <Mass, and other matters. Considering that St. James was. present when our Lord instituted the Sacrament . of our . Lord's Supper, it would seem that such instructions were' iunnecessary. ; but the whole epistle is a forgery, for. Eusebius tells us. that St. James died before St. Peter, (Book II., c. 23; 25) ; yet here wo find Clement,; after St. Peter's, death, writing to. St. James. What, however, will be : thought of . the fact; that thoughthis Epistle is acknowledged to be a forgery, yet it is. but: a few. years ago thatthe Church of Rome has ceaBed to impose this; forged letter upon ignorant Romanists as being.thoroughly genuine; . This .spurious Epistle to St. James is quoted in the ;Rheirus edition of the New Testament, published in 1582, and in the Douay Bible, printed in Dublin in 1816, with the sanction of Dr. Troy, Roman Catholic Archbishop of Dublin. (See note in each edition on 2 Peter, ch. i., v. 15.) It will be well that Cardinals Do Luca, Pitra, and Hergenrcether should now direct their atten tion to these matters, and pronounce a fitting condemnation of these forgeries.— Monthly, Letter of the Protestant Alliance for October, 1883. AN ORANGE PROTEST.— Lord. Crichton lmB sent the following- letter to two of the English morning papers : — Sir, — The Pall Mall Gazette and other organs of advanced Radical opinion in England have been greatly exercised - by the audacious attempts of the Orangemen of: Tyrone, Fermanagh, and Monaghan to stem the tide of anarchy and rebellion which, having submerged three- fourths of this, unfortunate, country, now threatens to invade. the hitherto. loyal, peace ful and law-abiding province of Ulster, and they invoke the vengeance pf Government upon all who have dared to take part in the counter-demonstrations which havo been re cently held at Dungannon, Oinagh, anrl Ros- lea, or who have expressed their intention) of pursuing the same course in regard to any other disloyal meetings, which may be held in the North. They seem, however, to have for-, gotten . that only two years ago ; the Prime Minister of England, the idol of the Radical party, taunted the loyalists of Ireland with' their apathy and their neglect to make their voices heard in support of law, order, and loyality. Speaking at, a. banquet at Leeds, Mr. Gladstone is. reported,, on October 7, 1881, to have used the following words There is another misfortune in Ireland besides the fact that for the first time in our history these degrading and immoral doctrines are taught by men of education and men of respectable station to their social inferiors— and, the other unhappy fact is the . traditional sluggishness and incapability of the healthier portion, of society in Ireland to do .anything whatever for themselves. Why, gentlemen, what would happen in this country if sentiments of this kind wore to go forth and become , in any degree dangerous to tho public peace ; sup-: posing agrarian offences were committed and sometimes augmented by horrible and dis graceful cruelty, and even with loss of life, and that the crime could not be put down by the exertions of tho ordinary authorities? Why, what would happen would be this : the vast multitude of loyal citizens would exert themselves in support and in aid of the office of the law. But no such thing is hoard of as that in Ireland. I hope there will bo a change in that respect. I am sure it is neces sary. I will give you yet one more brief quotation from one who writes thus upon the condition of Ireland : — " What iB amazing and discouraging is that during tho past eighteen months no Irishman in Ireland has lifted up his voice to warn his countrymen, or to condemn the statement made by Parnell. There has been no meeting of any import ance, no movement of any importance, and no expression of opinion in support of public law and public order. The upper class, the landowners, are silent, or refugees, and their power is gone. Thero is no middle class there, as there is in England, to step forward to sustain this government and denounce the evil. A general cowardice seems to prevail amongst the classes who possess property, and the government iB expected to preserve the peace with no moral force behind it.' That is the secondary evil of Ireland, and until that evil also is removed the condition of Ireland will not be thoroughly sound." Perhaps this taunt conveyed in tho above passage may not altogether have been with out justification, though it seemed to me at the time to -come with singularly bad grace from one who had done more than any man living to break the power and destroy: the in fluence of tho classes referred to ; but now that it. has, however tardily, been answered, I bog. ito commend his . words to the considera tion of ) those with whom they may possibly have some woight, and to point out that in acting as they havo done, and in the future intend to do, the Orangemen of tho North are only carrying out the advice tendered. to them two years ago by the loader of the Liberal party. THE INDULGENCE WHrCH WAS PRO CLAIMED BY TETZEL.— We give to-day tho first complete translation made, into -Engr lisli, so far as wo are aware, of the celebrated Indulgence preached- by Tetzel, of: which there is a copy in the present Exhibition. (The " Luther Exhibition" in the British Museum.) Tho task of translation has been by no means an easy one, owing to the crabbed Latin, of the original, which does not justify the character for elegant scholarship hitherto attributed to the Court of Leo X. It is as follows :— " Albert, by the Grace of God, and of , the Apostolic Bee, Archbishop of; the Holy See of Mentz.and the Church of Madgebnrg, Primate and Archbishop Chancellor of the Holy Roman Empire -in .Germany, Prince Elector and Administrator of Halberetadt, Marquis of Brandenburg,, of .Stettin, of Poinerania, Duke of the Cassibi and the slaves; Burgcave of Nuremburg, and Prince of Rugen, and Guardian;of the Order of Friars Minor of the Observance of . the Convent of Mentz ; Nuncio and Commissary specially deputed for the undermentioned purposes by our most holy lord Pope. Leo X. throughout the provinces of Mentz and Magdeburg, and the cities and dioces thereof, as. also those of Halberetadt, likewise the territories and places mediately or immediately subjeot to the temporal dominion of the most;illustrious and illustri ous Princes, the Lords Marquises of Brandon- burg, -to and singular the faithful who shall see the present letters. Health in the Lord. Wo make known that our moBt holy lord Leo.X., by Divine providence now Pope, to all. and singular tho faithful in Christ of both sexes, who shall extend helping hands to wards, the reparation of the fabric of the Basilica of the Prince, of the Apostles, St. Peter in the City, according to our regulation, beyond those very full indulgences and other graces and faculties which the faithful in, Christ may themselves obtain, according to , the contents of the Apostolic letters here tofore executed, has also mercifully, indulged, and granted in the. Lord— that: they, may choose, . as a suitable confessor, a Beuular priest or a regular of any Mendicant order, who, after diligently hearing their confession, has, the power and . ability, by Apostolic authority, to plenarily). absolve and enjoin salutary, penance on them for the . faults; and excesses committed by the person so choosing him ; and from sins of , any kind, however grave and enormous ; even, in cases: reserved for the said see ; and, from , ecclesiastical censures, oven wben.undorgoue .by a man at at' the instaaco of any ono soever, with the consent of the parties ; or from those in curred by. roason of an. interdict, and, those the absolution of which has been., specially reserved to the said ;see ; except,, the crimes of conspiracy, against the person of the Supreme Pontiff, of the murder of -bishops or of other superior prelates,., aud the laying violent bauds upon them ; or other prelates, the forgery of letters. Apostolic, the convey ing of arms and other prohibited things . into Heathen countries, ; and, the sentences, and censures incurred on occasion of : tho impor tation of the alums of . ApostoliO;Tolfa. from Heathen countries to, . the faithful, contrary to the. Apostolic prohibition, once in life, and in, the article of death as often as it- shall threaten, although, death may not then super vene, and in non-reserved cases as often as they ehall seek- it ; and once in life and in the said article of death, to grant plenary indulgence and remission of all sins ; also to commute for other works of piety and vows made by them from time to time (the vows of foreign travel, of visiting the shrines of the Apostles, and of St. James in Compos- tella, of religion, and of chastity, alone ex cepted). The same our most holy lord has also granted that the aforesaid benefactors, and -their deceased parents who have died in charity;1 Bhduld become partakers for ever in the prayers,- suffrages, alms-deeds, fastings, supplications, masses, canonical hours, -dis ciplines, pilgrimages, and all other spiritual benefits which are made and can be made in the: universal Holy Church Militant, and in all the members of the same. And, whereas, the devout Philip Kessel, Priest, has shown himself acceptable by contributing of his goods to the fabric itself, and to the neces sary restoration of the aforesaid Basilica of the Prince'of the Apostles, according to the intention of our most holy lord the Pope, and our ordinance, in sign of which thing he lias received from us the -present letters ; 'there fore, by the same Apostolic authority com mitted to us, which we act upon in these ports,, wo grant and bestow upon him 1 by these presents the power and ability to use and enjoy the said graces and indulgences. Given at Augsburg, under the seal appointed by us for, this purpose, on the 15th day of the month of April, in the year of our Lord 1517.' " Form of Absolution, as often as may bo required during1 life :— - ' " ( Misereatur tui,1 &c.; May Almighty God have mercy on thee, forgive 'thee1 thy sins, -and bring thee to life everlasting. May our Lord - Jesus Christ, by the merit of His Passion, absolve theo ; by whose authority and that of the Apostolic See,-- committed to me in theso parts 1 and to theo conceded, I absolve thee from-all thy sins. In the name of > the Father, and of the Son, and'-of the Holy Ghost. Amen. ' v "Form of Absolution and fullest remission, once in life and in. the article of death : — i 'h'Mieerealur iui,' &c.; May our Lord JesuB: Christ, by the merits ot His Passion, absolve theo ; and I, by His authority and that of the Apostolic See, 1 committed to me for this purpose,- and ,to thee con ceded, absolve theo, first,- from every sentence of 1 the greater or lesser excom munication, if thou hast incurred- any, and in the next place from all thy sins, by con ferring upon thee the fullest remission of all thy sins, arid by remitting to thee also the pains of purgatory, so far as the keys of Holy Mother Church extend. In the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Amen." , . :i -- ; i;: In connection with this remarkable docu ment, it eliould. be remembered that in 1878, Mr. John T. Taylor, of the' British Museum, no w Secretary of1 the Natural - History Mu seum, South Kensington, supplied a facsimile of it in photolithograpliyto the eighth volume of D'Aubigne's " History of the Reforma tion," together with an accurate transcript of the same, in which all the abreviations are written out in full. In doing this he took occasion to direct attention (and he was, we believe, tho first to do so) to a remarkable feature in the Iridulgence— namely the occur rence i n it; among the exceptions of sins not admitting 1 of pardon; "such: as "conspiracy again st I the person of the Pontiff; mur- der of bishops or 1 other superior 1 prel ates, laying1 -violent : hands : on them or on other prelates, ; - forgery of Apostolic letters, export" of arms :and; other forbidden goods to Heathen - parts;" tho further grave offence of the 'importation of alum from Heathen to Christian parts,1 contrary to the Apostolic prohibition; - by 1 which the faithful who wanted alum were required to use only that obtained from Tolfa, belonging to the Pope. The reveriue obtained by the Pope from the sale- of the Tolfa1 alum- was corisiderable, and it1 was: important :that nothing should inter fere -with fits sale; not even /the; sale of indulgences. - Mr. Taylor, in his contribution to D'Aubigne's ' History, which has been re printed separately, gives a highly interesting account of the- manner in 5 which the . alum of Tolfa was first discovered by one Giovanni di : Castro, formerly5 resident in Constanti nople, where lie carried on dyeing works, until' the taking of Constantinople by the Turks in 1458, when he lost his entire pro perty. : Returning to Rome; where lie had a patron, in Pope PiuB II. (Piccoloniini), who was his relative, lie was by him appointed Commissary-General over all the revenues of the Apostolic Chamber, both within arid with out the city. While filling this 'office lie had the good fortune to find a mine of wealth for the Holy- See, and something considerable for himself, by the discovery of : alum stone 'in the mountains of Tolfa, situated at a short distance' from Civita Yecchia. Previously to this discovery all the alum used in Europe had been imported from the East; and how that Constantinople was taken by the Turks the only supply - that could be obtained was from the enemies of Christendom. Beckmann, in his "History of Inventions," tells how Di Castro, having calcined the stone and completed his discovery, appeared before the Pontiff,- and; addressing him, said " I announce to you. a - victory over the Turk. He draws yearly from the Christians about 300,000 pieces of gold, paid to him for the alum , with ...which we die wool of different colours; -because none is found hero but a little at ..the island: of Hiscla (Isohia), formerly called-'; Aenaria, near Putooli,- and in the cave of Vulcan; at Lipari, whioh;;being formerly exhausted by the- Romans, is now almost destitute of that substance. I have, however, found seven hills so abundant in it that, they would bo almost sufficient to supply seven worlds. If you will send for workmen and cause furnaces to be constructed and the stones to be calcined, you may furnish alum to all Europe, and that gain which the Turk used to acquire by this article, being thrown into your hands, '.will be to him a double loss. Wood and water are both plentiful, and you have in the neighbourhood the port of Civita Vecchia, whore vessels bound to the West may be loaded. You can. now make war against the Turk. This mineral will- sup ply you - with the sinews of war — that is, money— and at the same time deprive the Turk of them." The Papal Court, which was at first slow to accept Di Castro's state ments, caused ample experiments to be made, and' tho result was, as we have before said,- a mine of wealth to the Papal Exchequer. Mr. Taylor, in1 his communication, ' quotes other -' authorities '' besides Beckmann, all of whom confirm the discovery made by Di Castro, -to whom a statue was erected by Pius II.' in reward for his services. GOULBURN HOSPITAL. : 1 (contributed.) "Considerable interest was taken in the anriunl meeting, which was held last week. Tlie business being to hear the report, and to re- elect officers and committee. Usually the attendance at the annual meetings is so small that the few who attend have matters their own way. But many subscribers have been highly displeased at the conduct of the last committee in having removed som & texts of scripture from the walls because the Romish priest1 objected to them. One remarkable fact must be mentioned, for it is very signifi cant. Immediately the priest objected, the texts were withdrawn. But when a Protes tant clergyman applies in August last for passages of God's word, without note or comment, to be replaced on tho walls, his letter -is not answered until January last, and then the request is refused. And to justify the committee, a lotter from the Inspector of Charities is enclosed, in the postcript of which he says that " there is attnehed some objec tionable matter" "comments." Well, the texts sent by the Rev. G. M. D'Arcy Irvine had no comments, therefore the -natural inference is that the inspector had seen' the wrong ones, whether shewn to him by the secretary or committee or not. Ho should have beeri shewn those only which the committee had been asked to have put up. This looks very ugly. Another remarkable fact : We are :told that at the meeting of the committee, when the texts were ordered to be removed, no Romanists were present ; so that this subser viency to a priest is shewn by -Wesleyans, Presbyterians and Episcopalians. Men who by their trimming policy are doing their best to bring Popery like a flood over all our charities. The argument which some of theni use to justify their pusillanimity is most absurd. They say Protestants would not like to see. the wards placarded with pictures of the virgin or other Catholic emblems. But is God's holy word exclusively Protestant? Do not " Catholics " profess to believe it also? I am told that since the texts have been removed, said priest's visits are more frequent. He is relieved of an obnoxious sight. Well, Mr. Editor, bad your informant said that priests hate the Word of God, what a senseless bigot he would have been called ? Whether the conduct of the priest says. so, or not; I leave your readers to judge. What will be1 the next demand? Will it be that Protestant ministers shall not speak of Christ to Protestant patients if Catholics lie in the same .ward ? or- will it : be that they them selves shall have the full right to proselytize among sick and dying Protestants ? The conduct of the committee is fraught with immense danger. The late R. C. Arch bishop called our Public Schools infidel. If they are so, his church has -made them so ; and; the tendency of their objections to the Most High and to His word, is to make all our charities infidel also. Is not God's Holy Word common ground of belief to Protes tants and R; Catholics also ? If not 1 Why not ? - -1 - ' - 1 At the election of secretary and committee the RomanistB-got very much their own way, though a minority ; it having been ruled by the chair, that those who had not paid for 1884 should also vote, and proxies were un expectedly allowed. The party opposed to the late committee had not invited the atten dance of any but those who had paid for the current year, nor had they obtained proxies. I have said nothing of tho secretary, nor would I condemn any man from hearsay; .but must say this to him and of him— That any gentleman who is so jealous of hiB honour as he has shown himself to be, should not have placed himself in a position where there-1 being a possibility of dishonourable conduct, he might be suspected of being guilty, of it. In other words, ariother gentle man being nominated to the secretaryship against himself, he should not have taken down the votes; hut have allowed a disinte rested party, to do so— even if the chairman had not tho good sense, or the fairness to make such an arrangement. 1 I am happy to say that the staunch Protes tants succeeded in getting some of their can didates elected,- arid we shall soon try their metal. -- MITTAGONG PROTESTING SCHOOL EXAMINATION. The postponed examination of the Mitta- gong private school - took place on Friday, January 25th, in the presence of Messrs. Childs, -McRobcrts, and Mealing ; several visitors wore also in i1 attendance. The result of a strict examination, which lasted from 11.30 to 4.30 was as follows : — Fourth Class.— Boys : 1st prize, William Loseby ; 2nd prize, William Hilder. Girls : 1st prize, Annie Hudspeth ; 3rd prize, Har riet Wright. Third Class. — Boys: 1st prize, Charles Peet. Girls : 1st prize, Evelyn Viles ; 2nd prize, Emily Loseby. Second Class. — Boys : 1st prize, Robert Loseby. Girls : 1st prize, Grace Viles ; 2nd prize, Laura Cole. U pper First .—Boys : Edward Hilder. Girls : Lilly Williams. , : ! Lower First.— Boys : Willie Westberry. Girls : Annie Hilder. : , Several other valuable prizes were given for attendance and general good answering. The prizes were presented by H. Childs, Esq., JiP.', who delivered a very appropriate ad- dross, in which he expressed tho satisfaction of all present at the marked improvement of all i tlie children since the school was opened, and remarked that they reflected high credit on both Mr. and Mrs. Reid, their teachers. He called particular attention to proficien'cy of the children in shelling, gram mar; geography, arithmetic- and writing, and hoped that at the next half-yonrly examination they would exhibit even still further profici ency.: J J. McRobcrts, Esq., also Bpoke in similarly high terms of tbo great improve ment shewn by tho children. FATHER O'CONNOR TO CARDINAL ' McCLOSKEY. (From the Philadelphia Protestant Standard.) New York, Nov. 2. Sib, — It has been my privilege to address large audierices on the quostioris at issue be tween Christianity and Romanism, both when an admission fee was charged for the benefit of some church- or society, and when all; the world was free to enter, and hear me, 1 arid nover in any instance lias it been necessary for me or my friends to " paper the house" as was the 1 case with Monsignor Cape! when he delivered his first lecture in Brooklyn some weeks since. Hundreds of tickets were given away to secure him a large audierice, so it might be spread nbroad- - that - he was drawing large houses, and public curiosity thus aroused to hear him. It was 'well -for my peace of mind that a bunch of tickets was given, to me, for I would find it difficult to forgive myself for losing a dollar to listen to such a misleading discourse. The New York reporters rather happily named Monsignor Capel a clerical Oscar Wilde, but I think that thereby injustice was done the latter, for he sought only to make people laugh by his oddities, whereas Mr. Capel purposely deceives them on a' subject of the highest importance. His lecture was on " Conversions and Converters;" Profess ing to be a religious man, soriie reference to the Scriptures might naturally bo expected from him. But during the two hours of his discourse, the only reference ho made even indirectly to the Sacred Volume, was con tained in the statement that St. Paul was con verted to Romanism on his way to Damascus. " He tumbled," said Mr. Capel, "arid rose up a Roman Catholic." Read Acts ix., arid judge of- the impudence- of any man saying that the wonderful conversion - recorded there was from Judaism to Romanism. The Apostle Paul converted by the voice of the Lord to the1 Roman Catholic faith I Surely deception and false statement could no further go. It was reported and commented on in all the papers next day. I have no doubt many Ro man Catholics believed it because a priest said so, no mattor what the Word of tho Lord Plight bo. St. Paul a Roman Catholic 1 . Let a man .be cbriyefted to-day, as lie was, and enter any -Roman Catholic. Church — your cathedral, for instance — and recount the won derful things the, Lord. had done for him, and preach Christ and salvation by faith as St. Paul did, and he would be mobbed or killed in the same manner as the Jews sought to kill Paul. You, Cardinal, would say to him : "You are not ordained; you have not the Pope's commission ; no -one is allowed to speak here but. a priest. See all the altars to 1 saints' that we have here 1 See our beautiful candles on them, and our fine pictures and statues and our ' holy water' pots; arid con fessionals, and the wafers that we worship. What does Paul know about these things that are all in all to us ? : Let him go into soriie Protestant "church and preach Christ and .Him crucified thero ; he is not wanted here." - If St. Paul were a Roman Catholic and Peter the first Pope, the infallible head of the Church, how could he dare write, years after his conversion : " Wheri -'Peter was come' to Antioeli, I withstood him to the face, because he was to be blamed" (Gal. ii., 11) ? arid why did not Peter excommunicato him, as the present Pope would do to you if you gave him a sound scolding when ho deserved it? Monsignor Capel, in another part of his lecture, .dwelt at great length on the1 " perse cutions " some of the Ritualists in England had to bear when they beoame Roman Catho lics; But the fact is, when a Protestant be comes a Roman Catholic— thank God, there are few cases of the kind nowadays 1— honors and dignities are heaped upon him. Look at Cardinals Manning and Newman, and the few Protestant ministers who have left the Angli can Church to become Romans, how they are exalted to high positions in your Church— far higher than they could reach if they had re mained- Protestants. The great mass of Roman Catholics are poor and ignorant; and it is easy to lord over them. But when a Catholic priest is converted, not only is ho persecuted by his own family and former associates, but the great body of Protestants treat him with coldness and in difference. Our wealthy and worldly Pro testants have too much at stake, they say, to extend kindness to a Converted priest. Their employees would not like it. There remains for the poor priest only the consolation of knowing that he has the full assurance of salvation for his soul, whatever he may suffer in this world. " Being justified by faith, he has peace with God through our Lord Jesus Christ, and rejoices in the hope of the glory of God ; arid glories in tribulation also." The vials of the wrath of Rome are poured out on the devoted heads of priests and people who become Protestants. What is the history of the bloody Inquisition but a record of the tortures, burnings and executions inflicted on those who have abandoned Romanism to- accept Christ and His blessed Word ? One statement by Mr. Capel will set at rest the notion that England is becoming Roman ized. In London, he said, there are 200,000 Roman Catholics, and only 20,000 of that number are English. They are nearly all Irish in that city who bow the knee to the Pope. We thank tho Lord for this, certainly, and for Capel's further statement that- if tho Irish element were taken out of the Roman Church' in America three- fourths of the members of that church- would disappear. Whore are the boasted " conversions" of the English and Ameri cans to the Romish faith? In the face of such facts some of your official organs have been drawing the long bow, Cardinal. Yours trill v. James A. O'Connor, Pastor Reformed Catholic Church, Residence , 42 South Washington 'Square,-. New York. : v : / 