SATURDAY, JUNE 7, 1884. Local and General News. HELD OVER.- A quantity of matter, in- cluding report of last Saturday's land sale which realised £5000, the lots bringing nearly £4000. LANDS OFFICE.- Over £600 were taken at the lismore Land Office on Thursday last as deposits on Conditional Purchases. LISMORE BAND.- The performance proposed to be given by this Band on this (Friday) even- ing in some public part of the town, has been postponed until further notice. HEADQUARTERS.- At dinner given to a well- known gentleman in Lismore at Dean's Hotel on Friday night urgent representations were decided to be made to the Government to have the heads of the various offices in Lismore, instead of as at present, on the Clarence. FIFE AND DRUM.- We are pleased to in- form the public that a gentleman well up in pedagogies has undertaken to start a junior fife and drum band at Goonelabah. The services of a first-class teacher have been engaged, and is expected to make the band in a while self- supporting. FUN.- A very noticeable feature in the pro- cession at the opening of the Bridge, on Thurs- day last, was that in rotation with other buggies one drawn and driven by two lads of North Lis- more. It appears the notice was so short, they hadn't time to harness their horse. CONDITIONAL PURCHASES.- The following were taken up at the Lismore Land Office, on Thursday, 5th June:- Lawrence Jamisson 100 acres, parish Newrybar ; George Smith 640 acres, Whian Whian ; Albert Southwell 640 acres, Whian Whian ; Shelton Smith, 640 acres, Whian Whian. Total 2,101 acres ANOTHER ACCIDENT.- As Mr. Gillies was driving into Lismore on Tuesday afternoon last in a spring cart accompanied by a boy, the cart by some means fell over the lower part of the cutting on the Ballina road, throwing the occupants out, the cart falling on the driver, who was considerably hurt. Assistance being at hand, he was extricated from his dangerous position, and the horse and cart were placed again safely on the road. IRVINGTON.- The new Wesleyan Church at Irvington which is about 2 miles from Casino, was opened on Sunday last, the Rev. Mr. Tarn, of Lismore, preaching the opening ser- mon to a large congregation. On Wednesday evening a Tea Meeting was held, when there were nearly 900 persons present ; addresses being delivered by the Revs. Hart, Scotting Tarn, and other gentlemen, a very enjoyable evening being anent. The church was erected at a cost of £200, the principal portion of which is paid. ACCIDENT.- Shortly after the opening of the Lismore Bridge on Thursday afternoon last there were several buggies at North Lismore As Mr. J. Bray, accompanied by the Mayor and Mayoress, driving unicorn fashion, were endeavoring to pass Mr. Matheson who was accompanied by Mr. Laman, driving a pair of ponies, the latter being rather fresh attempted to bolt and became almost unmanageable, causing the pole to break, and throwing Mr Laman out, who only received a shaking. The occupants of the other buggy, however, only received a fright. FATAL GUN ACCIDENT.- We are informed that a son of Mr. W. Jarvis, of Calico Grass, was accidently shot by a child on Tuesday morn- ing last and died from the effects. It appears that the parents were absent from home, leaving the child in the care of a neighbor and on the morning of the 3rd instant a report of a gun was heard in the house, and on proceeding to the place from whence the sound was heard the child was found shot. The gun had been used on the previous evening for shooting birds and was accidentally left within the reach of the children, and shows how careful persons should be in leaving arms of any description loaded where there are young people about. OPENING OF THE LISMORE BRIDGE.-This important and much desired work seems to be about at its completion at last, and this being taken advantage of by our Road Superin- tendent (Mr. Matheson), prior to his trip to Europe, for whence he leaves Lismore this Friday morning by river steamer, he performed the ceremony of opening the bridge. The affair was got up so hurriedly that the majority of the public were taken aback. However, in the morning. Mr. Matheson inspected the bridge and the working of the draw, after which he invited the bridge hands to refresh- ments at the Commercial. Between 2 and 3 o'clock on Thursday afternoon last, Mr Jones, the foreman, sent verbal notices round the town that something in the shape of an opening was to take place, and many of the public taking advantage of this repaired to the scene of the ceremony. Mr. Matheson with Mr. Laman, drove on to the middle of the bridge ; the Police Magistrate accompanied by the Mayor and Mayoress followed ; and two or three other buggies followed with a cavalcade of horsemen and many on foot followed. Mr. Matheson then with champagne declared in the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, that the bridge was now opened for public traffic. Champagne, &c.;, was then drank by those around, and all drove across the bridge. Mr. Jones having received notice from Mr. Mathe- son stating that the bridge had been officially opened, but allowing him the privilege of stopping the traffic if the finishing touches re- tuired it. We believe that it has not been decided yet whether there are to be tolls in the future or not, but at present it is free. The punt will run until one or two small jobs are completed on the bridge when it will only run from North to South Lismore. BUGGY ACCIDENT.- As the buggy conveying the editor of this journal and the Council Clerk of Lismore to Ballina, to catch the steamer Woodburn, having been both serveed with subpœnores to attend the lawsuit now pending in Sydney, was proceeding to Ballina on Satur- day afternoon last, when nearing Hamilton's hotel the horses became stubborn and would not pull up the steep hill, Mr. Kelleway got out and walked up, while the other gentleman and the driver remained seated. As it was found the horses would not proceed without much trouble. Mr. Peard got out and caught hold of the horses' heads in order to force them along, on doing so one of the horses knocked him down between two logs and placed its hoof on his hat, which plainly showed the hoof mark, and the buggy was drawn over him, and the horses did not seem inclined to pull it over the logs, but remained with the baggy resting on the two logs with the Council Clerk underneath, who, however, recovered himself in time to extricate himself from his most dangerous position, escaping with a severe shaking. His hat being a hard one, probably saved his head from being injured. They did net reach Ballina till late next day. POSTAL DELIVERY.- A subscriber living at a township on this river noted for its sugar mills, writes as follows concerning the delivery of his paper, and this is not the first complaint we have had, referring to ether towns. We extract the following:- "I seldom receive the paper until several days after publication. I for one would willingly pay postage on newspapers to ensure their delivery in time. As it is at present, the Postmasters, I think, must be instructed to neglect the papers because there is no charge on them. At all events I know on this river they are most particularly careless in the matter of delivering the local news." 