Buddhism in Relation to Christianity. At the last, large meeting held in February, by the Victoria (Philosophical) Institute, 7, Adelplu Terrace, London, a paper was read by the Rev. B. C. Collins, M, A., on Buddhism in relation to Christianity. Referring to the parallels between the persons and characters of Buddha and Jesus Christ, lie'said:—" Take,fas a prominent instance the birth stories. I need not hear give details, winch are to be found in any modern work on Buddhism. The supposed miraculous conception; the bringing down of Buddha from the Tusita heaven; theDevas acknowledging his supremacy ; the presentation in the Temple, when the images of Indra- and other gods threw themselves at his feet; the temptation by Mara— which legends are embellished by the modern writer I have already quoted, under such phrases as ' Conceived by the Holy Ghost,' ' Born of the Virgin Maya,' ' Song of the heavenly liost, : ' Presentation in the Temple and temptation in the wilderness'—none of these is found in the early Pali texts. The simple story of ancicnt Buddhism is that an ascetic, whose family name was Gautama, preached a new doctrine ot human suffering, and a new way of deliverance from it There is no thought in the early Buddhism, of which we read in the Pali tests, of deliverance at the hands of a go:'; but the man Gautama Buddha stands sorrow alone in his striving after the true emancipation from sorrow and ignorance. The accounts of his descending from Ueaven, and being conceived in the world of men, when a preternatural light shone over the worlds, the blind received sight, the dumb sang, the lame danced, the sick were cured, together with all such embellishments, are certainly added by later hands ; and if we recognise some rather remarkable likenesses in thought or expression to things familiar to us in our Bibles we need not be astonished^ when we reflect bow great must have been the influence, as I have before hinted, of the Christian story in India in the early centuries of the Christian era, and, perhaps long subsequently. This is a point which lias been much overlooked ; but it is abuudantly evident from, among o her proofs, the god Krishna, which is a manifest parody of the history of Christ. 'Ihe Bhagavat-Gila, a theosophicalpoem put into the mouth of Krishna is something unique among the productions of the East, containing many ge^s of what we should call Christian truth wrested from their proper setting, to adorn this creation of the Brahman poet aDd indicating as plainly their origin as do the stories of his life in the Maltabharata; so that it has not unreasonably been concluded that the story of Krishna was inserted in the Maha-Bharata to furnish a divine sanction to the Bhagavat-Gita. If, then, as there is the strongest reason to believe, the Christian story somewhere between the first and tenth cent uries of the Christian era, forced itself into the great Hindu epic, and was at the foundation of the most remarkable poem that ever saw the light of India, can we be surprised if we find similarly borrowed a;.d imitated wonders in Ihe latter Buddhist stories also?" Several Home and Colonial applications to join the Institute as guinea 'subscribers were received, and its object being to investigate all philosophical and scientific questions, especially any said to militate against the truth of the Bible,—a discussion ensued in which Mr. Horrauzd Rassam, Professor Leitner, from Lahore, Mr. Coles, an earnest student of the queston during 25 years' residence in Ceylon, Professor Rhys Davids, and others took part. .All agreeing in and confirming tho statements of Mr. Collins' paper. Dr. Leitner brought a large number of photographs of early Indian and Tartar sculptures, showing the first introduction of the Christan story into those monuments between about the second and tenth ceuturies, and he pointed out the value of sucli additional confirmation of Mr. Collins' statements. 