DEAD AND ALIVE . It.. was a cold, tempestuous . winter afternoon, and Charlie Pendered, com mercial traveller, sat looking out of the window of a first-class carriage, as his train rushed through bleak and desolate scenery to its' destination in the far North, feeling supremely, uncomfortable. He was cold, he was aBgry, he was miserable. He had parted on bad terms with his wife on the previous day, he was worried and pressi for money by ravenous creditors who .had no bowels of compassion, and he had been an nttei failure as far as commercial travelling was concerned. This journey to the North was the first he had made for the firm on whose behalf he was now travelling, and as, beyond his expenses, he was only to have a commission on the actual buripess done, Charlie was - nctvery .sanguine of .doing himself much good. He was the- last man in the world who ought to have turned bagman. He was "A Oanoilivto nfipffimi 2 rail ivafnl «_1 nvtnpo n young' man,'" whoj up to his one-and- twentieth birthday, bad never earned a penny, bat had always cherished the idea that his forte eras literature. He_ had written. rone or. .two little stories, and sent !them. in to periodicals, and they had been printed, but they had never bronght him twopence, the class of journals accepting work from 'outsiders' generally' considering the honour of ap pearing in print sufficient remuneration. Charlie PeDdered would have- gone on. writing stories for nothing and living at home with his father for years, perhaps, if two events -bad not happened which altered the complexion of affairs. .Charlie fell in love with and married Miss Coralie De Lorme, a remarkably pretty young lady, who, like the famous heroine of comic song, Danced on her toes, And wore spangledclothes, . in ihe crowded ranks of the ballet at the Boyal Alhambra Theatre. No one conld say a .wprd against Coralie De Lorme, exicept -that her real name was Carrie Smith. She worked very hard, not as poets always make ballet-girls work, to keep an aged mother," but tocpntribute to the Family treasury. Her- father was an . .unlucky actor, who. had about .one' \- mouth's engagement per annum, and her mother had been a governess ; but they had fallen on evil dayB, aud all they were able to give their "little daughter was a decent education at home, and to get her taught dancing and singing in hope of getting her on to the stage in burlesques and -pantomimes. - iThe Jiiagiug .was a IuibntattlfaAazng: jGarrie. made !gopoLprdgreffi.'rThat Jbel-.her, -only .!aty6mpliahmen /' aha the Ftiletwnd; stopped there:fn)ricfag, up adntiTyfrouLtiie Etondto thbAlham- . bra." JDtwas.bbts j&ip; jthieatre Charlie met her, .bUt ;atihebou8e of an old : pro, Who lived in Packington-street, and was a jfriend; of- the -Smith 1 family. Charlie used to go. and. smoke pipes, with this old fellow — a' Bohemian mammer.of an al most extinct. . school — and take great delight in listening to his stories of the Stage, metropolitan and provincial, in the good old days before duchesses' sons took to low comedy, and fashionable beauties hinted a desire to go on at a regular ' show '.for a weekly. salary. :: Who can account for the mysterious influences which, attract men and womeui to each other, and end in what is known in drawing-room dialect aaamesalliance t Why do rich -'women marry poor men! Why' do handsome: men many ugly women I Why do earis wed housemaids, and aged millionairesses . lead blushing boys to the altarl - . I'aYsqre,! cap't eay,:pnd f donjtknow that! needrouble to find put. I know that Charlie Pendered, well born, quiet; , and highly cultured, fell iu love with and. married. ...Came Smith, volto Miss Conifie De Lorme,'bf the Boyal Alhambra ballet,, an that bis fatber, . an -irascible' bid gentleman; swbre wherffre heardthe news as terribly -sis., our -armies did in Flanders, and shut, the door in his son's' face, telling bim to do the: beBt he conld, : for while he lived.no money of his should: go towards assisting a Pendered minagt that had: ballptgirl. in it Then Charlie; having a wife, and de-, dining to allow " that wife to etand on, frer" tees find pirtraette jin sh6rt skirts any longer, fonnditbeeeaBaty to do something - himspU; -aud ytpok- tile -only, berth which, hecouldget f . . .. . . LUBtpillCU, OO T ft . ten 1 1 IIIC1VW WMCUDI in -town, and it was hie fluty to walk into hairdressere' shops and persuade the principal that the- hair restorer manu- factured by the firm he - rpprtsented -waB theflaebt hair restorer in the world. But' Charlie didn't do yeiy' well at the game. . He was nervous . and retiring, and if be, entered shbpand the. master mistook hint;ter''a_ customer, .and was pplite, IClue badn'i tbe.plu tosayhe didn't want ' to tiny, 'but te , iBdlj-sp; in answer tetiw What cte l dpfmr yqn, «r !' be 'would .matter,' ' Aisixptehy tbotb -brush, ; down : Ids - money, baa walk oot of the shopjike a lamb. .. You cau easily imagine that Charlie didiit "keep Jh jiplalJppg,'' or ' make uub noney. lie.- hjidr thirty- ffilfajgs a weeksafaiy, a Jhat in He .tried wine trade next, and gave it np in despair, convinced that he should become a confirmed drunkard. Three weeks at the business landed the young gentleman within a measureable distance of delirium tremens, for . he always found himself tasting other people's wines instead of selling bis own. Daring this time poor Carry .was moping at home. She fancied she had married a gentleman of independent means, and she was really very fond of Charlie, so that when she found his father had quarrelled with him, and that he wonld have to earn his living all through her, she was very much dis tressed. Things, however, got a little brighter by-and-by, for, pleased with young Pen- dered's manners and appearance, a firm in tbe City took him as their regular ; traveller, at a Balary and all expenses paid. Bnt he had to leave his. home, , and travel til over the country, sometimes bring away two whole months at a . stretch ; and this made poor Carrie feel very lonely and -miserable, especifdly in the long evenings. It was in these lonely hours that she would think of the .tinsel, the gaiety, and colour of the old- stage life, and sometimes ehe wonld. have given the world to have passed through the old etage-door, trotted into the crowded dressing-room, put on her ballet costume, and have bounded on to the boards to the sound of the merry music. Bat it was. no good thinking of that. She waa Mrs. Charles Pendered now, and her husband was a gentleman, and some day, when his father was in a good temper, Charlie would be able to give up the nasty travelling and then they -would be big swells. . While Charlie was away on these long journeys he too had time to think, and, absent from the graces and charms that had won him, he sometimes found him self wondering if he wasn't paying too- heavy a penalty for being the lawful hus band of a pretty ballet- girl. Of course she was a nice girl, well educated, aud ladylike — like Esther Eccles, who married George D'Alroy, only George D'Alroy didn't have to travel in hair-dye and wine and soap and blacklead, and til that sort of thing, in order to support his wife. Given two persona one male and one female,' married to each other, each discontented, and each brooding . over the idea of having made a sacrifice in the other's interest, the ultimate result is in- evitable. Vesuvius slumbers long,' but' the torrent of lava breaks forth at last. The domestic Vesuvius of the Pendered menage slumbered long, bnt at - last. : the inevitable eruption occurred. , Charlie was home from a journey which had con vinced him he was a d offer. The. /firm, had given him a month's salary in lien of notice, and a little kindly advice to try some other vocation in life than that of commercial travelling. . Carrie had been, offered an engagement for a. provincial pantomime, where she was to be premiere danseuse, and wear a most beautiful dress, . aud have the limelight all to herself with; three changes of colour, and Charlie in sisted upon her refusing the offer. Then they had a row. The slumbering volcano erupted foriously. Charlie gave vent to his grievances, and Carrie to hers, i Both of them had made a great mistake. Each had sacrificed a career. As tbe reproaches grew more personal the heat of the lava increased, and at last the stream of recrimination was of that scorching character calculated to raise, mental blisters on those over whom It poured. To a big row succeeded a long sulk ; and when, a day or two later, poor Charlie started ou a forlorn hope on a journey to the North as a commercial traveller on commission, he wsb thoroughly wretched aud miserable. He ! and Carrie parted like naughty children who have quarrelled — neither wonld give - in, or.be the first to kiss, and so with a cold: 'good-bye' the young couple shook hands. Charlie went off to the station and started North ; and Carrie watched his cab off from the window, and 'then went Into her bed-room and had a good «y. The train went whirling along on its wild journey. The weather was bitterly cold, the wind was blowing a hurricane. Charlie, sitting back in tbe carriage, tired ont with many weary hours of travel, thougbtof the great mistake he had made, and wondered how thisfooliBh marriage wonld end. After all, why should he bother him self like .this ! He bad repented — Carrie had repented. . Why shouldn't they separate ! , Carrie could earn her own living and she evidently wanted to. Why the dickens, in order - to support her against her; wilt, should he go rushing about Belling soap to Scotchmen ! He wouldn't. He'd go back home. His samples bad all been sent on to the town he was to start from, where his firm had an agency — let them stop there. He would go back home. At the next station Charlie, acting on the impulse, and now utterly reckless, got ont of the train, went: straight to the best hotel, ordered a good dinner, and determined to enjoy himself. In his hurry . to throw ap his appoint ment, his -mind bad risen above petty details. His portmanteau was In the lnggage van, and hie had never claimed it. < ; . That evening, while Charlie Pendered sat in the warm, well-lighted coffee-room of. his hotel, the train he had left sped' on its. way. It never readied the terminus It was bound for. That evening, long to be remembered in the annals of disaster, a famous bridge gave way, and the train, with its living freight, was hurled down into the .stormy waters beneath. \- Only one wild shriek rent the darkness of the night as the cruel - waters closed, over its pray, and the next morning the whole country -tang, with the ghastly tlflWE Charlie Pendered heard it, and .he held his peace. A "wild idea- had .flashed across. his.tnind. To all intents' and purposes he was in theill-fated train. -He had taken his ticket for the "Station across : the yrater, his :portmanteau was in the train, and he was expected by it on. the' .other tela Hitherto his life had been a' mistake. - Here," then, was a chance to begin s he w. one. —Charlie Pendered had. .pjsrisheAjm the ?Gre»t Bridge Disaster1 ; his. father .wonld not grieve, his "wife would jbe rid of a chain that galled her, and he woold be able to make a fresh start jn' the world. \ Tbp i.idty fascinated him. . All that -Was rbinantic and morbid in his nature ! rmntyUttated Itself round the idea. Yte - Fed'ljiewbrid. believe iiimdead. tEor all hot Umself he slept the fast deep wtihe bbtiffih rii the . Trr cf loot In ihe far ocean, where the stream had borne him. ' The money in his possession was just enough to take him out of the country, and keep bim for a while. He wonld make a .fresh start without encumbrance, but not as a commercial traveller. That day he sailed from Glasgow for Rotterdam, and np io London hie father and .wife monrned him as dead. His name was! published among the passengers by the ill-fated train; he never reached Dundee, his portmanteao was washed np, and til doubt was at an mid. . Though his body was never recovered, it was beyond all question that Charles Pendered?a earthly career had been closed by the dark Waters of the Tay. There was a vacancy for a commercial traveller in the soap line; and Misa Coralie Da Lorme, late of the Royal Alhambra ballet, ws8;a widow. A play had been produced at a London theatre, and its authorship was shrouded in mystery/ That alone was an advertise ment : for . it, bnt there was another element of -success in it apart from its intrinsic merit ; a small part bad, by the talents of a hitherto unknown actress, been lifted into prominence. The critics raved about Miss Caroline Smith. Her portrait appeared in the illnstrated theat rical papers, and folks began to ask where she had been, and what she had done before. There .was a whisper -that she was the daughter of an actor, bnt bad hitherto been in a ballet - -The same whisper said that ahe had lost her husband, and after his death had studied hard In order to get a speaking part upon the stage. Whoever she was, Miss Caroline Smith was a great success. So was the play, and the more people talked about it the less seemed to be' known about the author. At last it crept ont that he waa living abroad — in Germany — and that for some' time past he had been contributing largely to periodical literature, aud was making money. But no one had ever seen him. Miss Smith, the new actress, was of course delighted with her triumph, and in her quiet little borne, where she lived with her mother and. father, she. read the laudatory notices of the Press over one by one, and yet ehe sighed. She was thinking of one whom she had dearly loved — her young husband, snatched from her by a terrible accident in the first year of their married life. They -had parted in anger, never to meet again. He had left her with cold words on his lips, and gone to his death. Oh, how she had thought of it -til a hundred times since then 1 If he could only have known how she really loved him, and how she had cried her eyes , ont directly, his back waa turned I Now, when, after many difficulties, she had at last fought her way into a re spectable position on the stage — now, when she was no longer a little ballet- girl, bnt an actress, acknowledged to be an artist by the Press, he ootid not know it. She fancied how different things wonld have been if he could have been by her now to read all the beautiful notices, and see what Coralie of the first row at the Alhambra had blossomed into. Mr. Pendered, senior, had been really distressed by the news of his son's death, and had made the amende honorable by offering a helping hand to the widow. But she was too proud to accept it She answered bitterly that bnt for hie father's -enmity, Charlie might have been alive now ; and his repentance came too late. The old gentleman took it very much to heart, bnt he was too proud to let his chagrin- be seen. He shut himself np with bis books and his curiosities— he was a great collector of coins and old edition — aud quietly made his will in favour of his daughter-in-law, determined that he wonld be as generous to the dead as' he had been unjust to the living. . Charles Pendered, the commercial traveller, had. been drowned in the Tay, so that, of conns, we have nothing to do with him ; but there was a gentleman about this time— au Englishman — living iii .Dresden, who came there very hard | up -soon after the famous Bccident, got a berth as interpreter at one of the big hotele; and after a while left to go and live iu cheap lodgings, and pass his time in filling sheets and sheets of paper with writing. These he sent awsy by post to England. Some of them came back . again, but some did not. In their place there came a registered letter. This gentleman in time moved from the cheap lodgings to better ones ; bnt still he' was always scribbling on sheets of paper, which he numbered and flung on the floor as fast as he finished them. He had one friend, a young German stndent, who visited him, and to th'iB friend he communicated the fact that he. was gradually making a name in litera ture. 'And I want a name badly,' he added with ,a laugh. It was to this young student that the writing - Englishman one . day communi cated the fact that a play of his had been accepted at a London theatre, and that he was to have £3 a night for it When the play came ont, and was a great snccess, the German student said to his friend, 'Yon have made the same at last . Now will you not go. over and eee. your play !' There was a strange look on the author's face.' 'I don't, know what to do,' he said. : 'I should like to go and see it; bnt there are many reasons Why I don't care to go to London.' 'Ah, something io the past !' . 'Yes.' But at last the desire to see the play he had written performed, the longing to liaten to the laughter and to. drink in the applause, was top strong for the young writer, and he determined to go. The sight before his departure he eat late over tbe fire in ids. sitting-room, and thought of the paatend of the fa tore. Fortune was before him now — a fortune which-he had uo oue to share with him. Once he had a wife— in a moment of mad .folly he . had divorced himself and committed suicide. He wasa doad man. Perhaps over in England -there' was a gravestone in a "chiuchyard with his name upon it, What hadbecome of his wife ! She; too, might be ,d.ead— married again, perhaps. The burthen ofa bnried existence began, to weigh upon bim now. He wanted to idaim lus own identity, again, to rise .from (he grave where he had lain so long, iandtake bis place among the living. 'I dread teis jonroty, hesaid ty him- eelf as he took bis aeat in the mail in the morning. . Qoodneas knows how it will end) I.fed like a ghost goingto frighten teeUvihg.'. ... . ' It wasthe hnndredthiilght of the famous play in wMch Miss Caroline Smith bad made snch a triumph. Before the curtain rose it was whispered about In the dressing-rooms that the mysterious author had at last turned up, and that he was in the stage-box. The curtain rose, and the play proceeded uninterruptedly till the second act, in which Miss Smith first comes on the scene. The actress came tripping on, and just as ehe was abont to speak her fint line, glanced towards the box where the mysterious author sat. There was a shriek from the etage, and a cry from the box ! Then the enrtain was lowered, for the actress had swooned on the stage. She had recognised in the author of the play the ghost of her hnsband who was L.:lloJ zL — A ! 1_ 1 _ __«! SM . a djaiqu in tue wrnoie railway acciaeos i It is necessary I should tell yon what followed 1 How there was a complete reconciliation ; how husband and wife were now prond of each other, aDd how freely Charlie was forgiven, for the ghastly trick which, in a wild moment, he had played npon those who had loved him. Nor was the father leas delighted than the widow to welcome back the lost one, returned, as It were, from the dead. To day there is no happier coople than the author hnsband and the actress wife. Fortune has smiled upon them since, and it will be a long time before Charlie Fendered, who has qnietly assumed his own name, and had his gravestone knocked down, will want to play at being dead again. There is nothing vety wonderful in this story. The most remarkable thing aoont it is that it is perfectly true. 