r. ri .. mPORTPOLIO. ' WHIT SUNDAY. G~d the Holy Ghost dwelling in us will guide us into the truth of life. This is'in cluded in the p$rayer for a right judgment in all things. Have we ever sounded the depths, or appreciated the value of this prayer, as applied to our practical life 1 I am sure the experience of every one, whether he be learned or unlearned, will bear me out when I say that it is a very hard matter to guide our lives aright. We are surrounded with difficulties on the right hand and on the left. We hope to find that we have gained experience for the future from the past, but every fresh st bf events seems to introduce some fresh complications which defy us to apply the lessons we have learned in former days, and to prove to us that we have constant need of some inward regulative power to adapt our actions to our ever varying cir cumstances. There are difficulties, too, arising from temptations incident to our position in society, or to the characters and peculiarities of those with whom we have to live. These, and a thousand other perplexities which I need not enumerate, are perpetual stumbling blocks in our way, threatening to block it up altogether, succeeding in blocking up the wayof those who, "sure of the storm," are "unknowing of their guide." But we have a Guide. Let us assure ourselves of this continually, and day by day. There is One near us, in us, who will direct these perplexing lives of ours ; who will, if, and in so far as, we yield ourselves to Him, bring them into harmony with the nature of God Himself. It is a wonderful thought that the Holy God should design thus to make us His temples, and should work on and by His mighty influence till his lov ing will is accomplished in us, and we, the sinful and rebellious ones, are moulded by one discipline or another into the image which He has chosen for us, even the image of His Son. Yet so it is. And it is just this wonderful revelation of God dwelling in us, by His Holy Spirit, which Whit Sunday brings us.-Church man's Shillin Mfaga:inc. 