Northumberland. . ? Masch 24. The good people of Burwood and Hamilton have been showing lately their determination to keep pace with their neighbours in moral and religious progress. At the former place a new Tempe rance Hall has just been opened, and at the latter the foundation stone of a new Episcopalian Church has been laid. On Monday evening the opening of the Temperance Hall, Burwood, was cele brated by a tea meeting and concert. The tea was served in the new building, in three relays. The concert was held in the hall of the Mechanics' Institute adjoining. Alderman Creer, J.P., presided over the subsequent entertainment, -which was verv sncnpfisfiil in p.vprr renneAt. The r-h Airman fuinirrat.nlatjMi his teetotal friends upon the triumph they had achieved in erect ing the halL This showed that if all the inhabitants of the Glebe and Burwood were not total abstainers, yet they sympathised with the movement by contributing towards the fond for the erection of the building. The enter tainment was fornUhed by Mesdames James and Blackie, the Misses Lovell, Lacy, and Messrs. T. Dent, P. Lewis, Blacker, J. Lewie, C. Harding, and A. Wilson. It consisted of songs, concerted pieces, instrumental efforts, dancing, &o.;, Messrs, EL. Noble, £. Rear, and H. Lovell acting as accompanists. The whole was very enjovable. The hall is a wooden structure on the Burwood Estate, near the 0. M. Free Church. It is 38 feet by 24, with a handsome porch eight feet square, and has a raised plat form for entertainments. Taken altogether, the building is a very creditable one, the cost being £800, and is decidedly a credit to the township of Burwood. The setting of the memorial stones of St. Peter's Church, Hamilton, was a more imposing ceremony. It took place on the 12th instant, and was performed by the Bishop of Newcastle. The proceedings commenced with prayer and divine service in the old church by the Bishop, after which a procession was formed to the site of the new building. Here the Bishop placed four marble bricks in the form of a cross in the east wall of the chancel now in coarse of erection. On the cross was carved, ?? Placed to the glory of God, 1881.' The Bishop, hiving set the stones, or marble, said: 'I place this stqae in the wall of the chumh, to be built to the glory of God and in the memory of Peter the Apostle. Here may the truth for ever abide and con tinue, and may prayer and praise be offered continually in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, who ever liveth and reigneth with the Father and the Holy Ghost, world without end. Amen.' The Bishop then invited all pracent to contribute towards the build ing fund. For this purpose a table had been provided in lieu of the ? ?;- etone upon which usually the contributions of the faithful are laid upon these occasions. The result of the appeal was £60 3s.. There were present at the ceremony, Bev. Canon Setwyn, Newcastle, Bev. Dr. Ellis. Messrs. W. H. Yarnngton, Maitland ; C. ™Q, Scone ; 8. Sinfms, Raymond Terrace ; H. MiHand, Newcastle ; W. Tollis, Wallsend: and Bev. C. F. Withers, the incumbent of St. Peters; and Mr. Thomas Croudace, J.P. The Rev. Canon. Selwyn, Bev. Mr. Withers, andMr. T. Croudace, J.P,, gave eaeh an excel lent address, and this part of the proceedings terminated. Mr. H. B. Cotton has promised to contribute £50 for a stained glass window for the chancel. Tho new church, when finished, -will b» situated in an elevated spot, near the Hamilton Public school. 16 is to be of brick, 78 x 88.6, supported by strong buttresses ; the vestry will be 10 x 12, with belfry and tower 64 feet high. Tho church will contain about 800 sittings, and bids lair to be a very commodious and comfortable structure. The architect is Mr. Horbury Hunt, and the building contractors are Messrs. Rey nolds Brothers. At the conclusion of the ceremony the company proceeded to the Mechanics' Institute, Hamilton, where an excel lent tea had been provided j the Hamilton Band, under Mr. Berkell's guidance, rendering some capital music. After tea a very superior vocal entertainment was given, Mr. J. C. JBllis, M.L.A., occupying the . chair. . He gave a very appropriate and pleasing opening address. On the platform were the 6ame reverend gentlemen who had assisted at the setting of the memorial etone, except Canon Selwyn and Rev. Mr. Walsh. The principal vooalwts were Mrs. J. C. £Uis, the Misses Ilannell, Miss A. Edwards, Miss Swain, Mrs. Brain, and Dr. Ellis ; the latter vocalist was in ex cellent voice, and formed one of the principal attractions, it being the first occasion on which he has been heard in this dis trict. Mrs. J. C. Ellis was also heard to great advantage, and was highly complimented by Dr. Ellis in his address upon her excellent soprano voice and her able manner of using it. Between, the songs addresses were given by the clergymen named above and by Mr. Perrott, P.M., of Waratah. Mr. W. Ellis acted as accompanist with his usual urbanity and skill. The Rev. Mr. Withey announced in his speech that the new building would cost £1600, of which nearly £1200 had been already collected. During the enthusiasm which prevailed another collection was made in the hall, which resulted in £13 more being added to the funds. Finally, the proceeding were brought to a cloBe with the National Anthem, led by Dr. Ellis, and sung by the whole of those present. The Waratah Patent Brick Making Company is again in full working order. Some short tune since, 'in consequence of some disagreement amongst the managing directors, the company stopped working, and it -was resolved to put the whole of tho property in the hands of an auctioneer. The result, was that Mr. Barr, the well-known owner of the pottery works at Camper down, Sydney, became the purchaser for the sum of £2000 odd. This will be of great advantage to the locality, as the establishment of this industry upon a sound basie will cause a considerable amount of labour to be required and money to be spent. The approaching railway contract for the Waratah section of the line between Homebush and-this district will, it is anticipated, be productive of large orders for the patent bricks, and to meet this demand new machinery is in course of erection. The prize exercises iu connection with the St. John's Ambu lance Association came off on the Newcastle cricket ground on Thursday afternoon last, with great success. The competitors were those attendants at the classes and lectures at the City Hall for a specified period, and who had been fairly successful at the examination by Dr. C. W. Morgan. The classes had been instructed solely by Dr. S. T. Knaggs, and it iB to his untiring energy and perseverance that the success of the class, as a whole, has been due. Ou the occasion named there were six exercises, in which the candidates were to display the knowledge they had acquired at the lectures. Each candidate had provided himself with a ' subject,',' who lay upon the grass, representing a person injured or in need of surgical assistance, through immersion in water, &c.; There were 15 com petitors, and their proceedings were watched with unabated interest by the spectators, who were between 500 and GOO in num ber. Mr. G. N. Bund was also m attendance. Each competitor had one and sometimes two assistants. At a given signal from Dr. Knagge each candidate started to the assistance of the ' subject.' The action of each in dressing a wound, reducing fractures, restoring aniUiAtion to the drowned, and removing to the ambu lance, supposed to be 50 paces injhe rear, was critically examined by Drs. C. W. Morgan, R. ReadTbtngleton), G. Read (Scone), G. C. Leanch (Lamb ton), J. L. Beeston, John Hams, and W. C. Ashe (Newcastle). At the close of the exercises, the prizes, £10, £6, and £4, given by the Commissioner for Railways, were presented by Mr. J. Higgs, traffic manager. The successful competitors were— 1st, Mr. John Allen; 2nd, Mr. John Robin; 3rd, Mr. Thomas Percy. Certificates of competency were presented by Major C. F. 8tokes, J.P., president of the St. John's Ambulance Association for rendering first aid to the injured ; and Mr. Stokes, with Dr. C. W. Morgan, made a suitable address to the competitors. Dr. S. T. Knaggs also made an encouraging speech, and at its close three cheers were loudly called for in his honour, which were heartily given, the band playing 'For he's a jolly good fellow.' Dr. Knaggs responded, and three cheers were then given for the medical gentlemen present for their kindness in attending, and the proceedings closed by the band playing 'God save the Queen.' The extraordinary success of the first series of lessons has induced Dr. Knaggs to promise to renew the classes next season. The weather is still dry and sultry. People have almost given up looking for rain. The Waratah residents have petitioned tho Government for aid in the way of supplying them with water by the trains. The pits are all working steadily. 