Music and the Drama. ON Saturday evening at the Theatre Eoyal the new opera of " Estrella ' was performed, and to ono of those overflowing houses whioh aro the rule on a " first night.". It was known that espeoial pains had been taken in order to render the work in a style as far as possible oómplete, and that it would be pre sented under the superintendence of the composer himself, Mr. Luscombe Searelle. The expectations of the public were accordingly roused to a high pitoh of ourioBity. if not exactly of enthusiasm; and what was wanting of tho latter ingredient was, perhaps, sufficiently made up for by that hope which springs, etérnal in the play-going breast. In thia instanoe it had not told an altogether too flattering tale. The opera aohievod a decided and, in many respects, a deserved success. Tho Boones aro laid in Venice, at the period of the Renaissance. Tho story is that of an elderly gentleman, Count Pomposi, who, having married a young girl, Estrella, is parted from his bride immediately af ter the wedding coremonyj and returns in disguise and only reveals himself when his supposed widow has just bestowed h or hand on Lorenzo, whom she had secretly loved when com pelled by her parents to take the Count as a husband. The matter is, however, satisfactorily settled. The Cdunt relinquishes his claims on Estrella, and. con soles himself by marrying her companion Brigetta, Thé:'párt of Estrella was sustained by Miss Nellie Stewart, and in an admirable manner. It -may be doubled whether her voice had ever previously been heard to such advantage as it' was in some of tho numbers whioh she had'to itt-' torprèt on this oooasion. Estrella's aria " O, cruel stars," were the first encore of the evening, but her greatest suooeos waa obtained in the charming nightingale song at the commencement of the second act. This was given with a flute obligato. and the tones of the instrument blended delight fully with Miss Stewart's voioe. The soena had to be repeated, and a ßtorm of ap plause ' and floral tributos greetod the sirnyer; Miss Fanny Liddiard, who played Brigetta, had but a single opportunity for the display of her abilities as a*vocalist, but she used it so skilfully aa to bo honoured with an encore. Mr. Edwin Kelly. aB the Count, was immensely funny, his faoe being made up so as to oonvoy a sort of mingled expression of Mai volib in " Twelfth Night," and that of Mephisto pheles in " Faust." Mr. John Wallace, as the father of« Estrella, depicted a parent whoso anxiety for hie daughter's happiness struggled for utterance through the difficulties of a stutter, and a timidity of manner whioh .evidently needed the counteracting influence of.his strong-minded wife, Tartella, who was appropri ately depioted by Mies Santley. Mr. John Forde, attired in garments partially copied from Hamlet's, cnaoted the Major-Domo, and made the most of suoh points, as the oharaoter furnished. Signor Carlo Modini, who appeared aB Lorenzo, did not oréate a very favourable impression. What ever, talents he may hereafter bring to light, the new, : tenor has managed to oonoeal them entirely, jap, to the present, and as a leading op'eratiOjSinger must be pronounced a dead failure. The,cóncertéd portions of the work are for the most part, cleverly executed ; and, as has already been intimated, the sense of harmony has never been lost eight off The ohorn Bea were, in faot, good through out,1 and had evidently been rehearsed with the utmost oare. The opera waa splendidly mounted. The brilliant oolours of the dresses were contrasted with an artistic regard for the picturesque. Mr. John ' Hennings contributed new and beautiful Boonery ; the first set showing the shores of the Adriatic, near Venice, and a view of the city, "rising with its tiara of proud towers ;" the second a still more striking picture disclosing an apartment in the Count's palace at Venioe, looking out on one of the lagoons, with gondolas hero and there, and stately buildings rearing their heads in tho distance. Mr. Luscombe Searelle was called for at the conclusion of I the second act, and bowed his acknowledgments of .the compliment. "Estrella" will be repeated till the end of tho season, whioh, according to announcement, will only run for two weekB more. Prom legitimate English comedy the sensational drama ie . a desoent, but one which the De Grey company have managed without muoh sacrifice of prestige. And if merely aB a proof of th» versa tility of Miss De Grey, and the ladies and gentle men with whom she is asaooiated, it waa really worth while . producing that version of Ouida's novel in which they have been appearing at the Opera HOUBO, during the past week. This, it is proper to observe, must not be confounded with the play of the same title presented at the Gaiety Theatre by Mr. Wybert Reeve, and referred to in laBt Saturday's issue. It ia the handiwork of an English playwright, Mr. H. Hamilton, and oomes recommended by the approval of a London audience. Some considerable misapprehension seems to exist with regard tO"--the demerits of tho story on whioh it has been founded. Objectionable indeed it ia, but there ia exquisite absurdity in the idea of people, foti Whose tender oonsoienoes even Buch a piece as ''Camille " or ?" Formosa'? have no terrors, averting their pious eyes frem " Moths." It is the more so as in the drama the most offensive passages in the novel are either excluded altogether, or so softened down as to oonvey no offenoe whatever against eood taste. AB the pure-mmded and generous young English girl, Vera, Miss De Grey has created a most favourable impression, and displayed an amount of pathos for which those who have only witnessed her in oomio assumptions would scarcely give her credit. Mr. A. T. Hilton gives a striwing portrait of the Rnsphn Prince # Zouroff ; Vero's mercenary mother; tie romantio hero, Correze ; the American maiden, Fusohia Leach ; the noble young British noodle, whom Miss Leach annexes ; and, in fact, the whole of the characters were moBfc offootivoly represented. At the Gaiety Theatre Mr. Wy bert Reeve has been followed by Mr. D'Aroy Ogden, who opened there last Saturday evening in a drama whose purpose is indicated sufficiently in its title, " Only a Bit of Blue Ribbon." It illustrates the evils of intemperance, and is a sort of reproduction of the most remarkable points in several well-known dramas on the same subject. The moral ia drawn inthedownward career of a drunkard, in the utter misery to whioh he and his family aro reduced, and subsequently in his reformatiou from the habit whioh had enslaved him As this good man gone wrong, but who fortunately comes right again, Mr. D'Aroy Ogden's aoting evinced considerable forco and feeling, while Mrs. Ellen Ogdon portrayed the suffering wife with a pathos which was very natural and impressive. As the comrade who leads the former astray, and who rejoices in the appropriate name of Lushington, Mr. Fred Meredith displayed ability^ A most attraotive feature in the pieco waa a Salvation Army ohoruB, in whioh some 50 voices joined. At Madame Woodvear'e Electt io Circus, on Monday evening, the celebrated Scottish athlete, Donald Dinnie, oonoluded his engagement. In compliment to that champion, there was a grand Highland demon stration, his admiring countrymen marching to the oiroua in the garb of old Gaul. Tho Governor gave his. patronage to the oooaeion. A number of Highland sports, open to all comers, and to whioh prizes of <£3 were attaohed, were competed for in the arena, and exoited muoh interest. The usual eques trian and acrobatic performances at Madame. Wood year's spacious pavilion are still attracting large audiences, \ Standing Before the Glass. The Federal Minstrels continue to be well patro nieed at the Academy of Music. The tasteful selec tion ot ballads and tho inexhaustible budget of comicalities which their entertainments furnish ren der them deservedly popular. As a contribution to the public amusements the lion recently arrived from San Francisco and lodged in the Zoological Gardens must not be forgotten. Ho is a splendid specimen of his kind, and has been an objeot of trreat intereso to the visitord to the gardens. He oame on shore in fine condition, thanks to the care bestowed on him by Captain Ghost, of the Australia, and seemed to have rather enjoyed the sea change he had experienced. In Melbourne Miss Ward has conoluded her season at the Theatre Boyal. Her successors there have appeared in a revival of " The Silver King." Mr. Greville is at the Princess's, and one of the leading figures in the drama of " Hand and Glove," which has been suooossf ully reproduced. " Fun on the Bristol " has entered into its fourth week at the Bijou, and "Horneo and Juliet." has run a similar career at the Opera House. " The Majeroni are performing to good houses at Adelaide, and tho Pollard Company of Juveniles are also appearing in that city. Emefie Melville, the popular prima donna, who for the past 1*2 weeks had been delighting large audi ences in the Bijou Theatre, Melbourne, recently left that city in the Rome for India. The majority of the members of Miss Melville's company went with her. She has a six months^ engagement in Caloutta an 1 Bombay, and if she is suooeBsful she intends going on from there to London, where she will appear for a short Beason. She will return in about a year to Melbourne with novelties. An instanoe of faulty dramatic instinct was given by MÍ8B Fortescue, the rejected of Lord Garmoyle, who played Mary Melrose in " Our Boys " in the London Gaiety Theatre lately. Sho appeared as the poor cousin with a half- guinea bouquet at her girdle, and in a oostnme which might have become a countess. ' "Hugh" Fargus, the wealthy Bristol merohant, who wrote " Called Back," not long ago saved the life of a boy who fell into the water from a Bhio called the " Conway." Hence his twtii da plums. Tho play has been bought for the Madison Square Theatre, New York ; but it is evident that it will not have the same BUOCOBB upon tho stage whioh it has had in print. Bouoioault says that Sara Bernhardt's Lady Mac beth won't do. It is nothing like it. Poor Sara was't (big enough, and shook about loose in the part. ? . ? _ .-: Rubinstein has finished his new opera. It ia en titled " The Parrot," and the libretto, by Hugo Wittmann, is taken from an Eastern lesend. The work is to be produced in Hamburg on November 1. A London correspondent saya that R. S. Smythe, the much-travelled, haa reached London from Auatra lia. He is very indignant with G. A. Sala for having signed a contract with Messsrs. Rignold and Allison for a lecturing tour in Australia. v; Miss Alico Dunning Lingard lately appeared in tho Globe Theatro, London, in a historical play en titled " Tho Lost Canse." The latest about the Lmgtry is that she is moving for a divorce from her 'Y hubby," and will wed Freddy Gobhardt, her devoted admirer, in January next. , ' , . 