\ : OYER THE MURRAY. I , . (FROM OUH 07777 CORRESPONDENT, ) October G, 1 SS I. what a kr.own of tho " Wollaston Ca«" is most in jv.-opic'.-i nmnths just now. Mr Wollaston is tbe State school teacher nt Campbellfield, hud a religious man to boot-. Now, tho twelfth aaction ot our Education Act unmiataVeably prohibits a State school teacher from giving any Other than areolar instruction within the walla nf hie anhonl Mr Wollaeton, being desirous of baving a 8nnday school In his State school building, asked tho per mission of tbe Education Department, but the request was sternly refused by tho permanent head. Be appealed from tbo permanent head to the poliUcalJhcad, meaning Mr. Gillio!, Minister' of Public Instruction, who took the same view' as his subordinate, and interpreted the twelfth sec tion of the Act in the same manner. A few weeks after, it happened ihat one Sunday the cleigyman who usually visited the township, anil conducted a service in the State school building did not pnt in an appearance, and the congregation being unwilling to disperse without some act of public worship, asked tbe schoolmaster to officiate in the emergency. - Either forgetting or ignoring tb3 decision of the Minister and the permanent herd and their interpretation of the twelfth section, ho generously acquiesced, conducted the service, aud was promptly fined £5 by Mr Gillies far what was held to be a flagrant act of insubordination. Na turally, the religious world was all excitement aud indignation at this " tyrannical interference with rt ligious liberty," and the case was brought be fore btth Houses of Firliamcnt during the week. Mr Gillies, in the Assembly, justified the fine, on the ground that It was inflicted, not so much for conducting the service a for setting the depart ment at defiance. The newspapers also have taken tides on the question, and the "pious metropolitan doily has opened its columns to a pinny subscrip tion to pay tbe fine inflicted on Mr Wollatton. Penny stamps are being acknowledged from nil quarters, and it is pretty evident that more thin ihe ntcessary £5 worth will bo forthcoming. Of cour'e, it goes without saying that this Wollastm case his been pushed into prominence, in the hope of promoting the agitation for tho introduction of the Bible into the State schools Passing from the Woliaston caso to the Stan- borough case wo step from pnrc religion to can ning hypocrisy, for it tarns ont that the father of (be late wesltby Sirs, Payne, cf lYoolhhra, Sydney, was a sly old dog. When Mrs. Payno died in so 'tragical a fashion it was discovered that her father, Sianborougb, wns an inmate cf our Benevolent Asylum, and the committee of that institution naturally wanted to know how it was that the father of such a well-to-do lady should be com pelled to live on tho State. Stanborongh was brt ught before them, and ho asserted that he never received a penny from his daughter or her rola'ives. Subsequent inquiries, however, eliciied that he bad been in receipt of £1 per week, and on biin;; brought a second tima before tho com mittee ho admitted the factnnd said ho wis in tVe habit of spending the money on stimulants. Thereupon the committee decided that he was not a fit subjeet for a benevo'ent asylum, and it was utiar,imcu--ly resolved to expel uirn, so as to make room for a more deserving case. On the same day 1 i lint (his occurred the brother-in-law of tho late Michael Dn-.vson, who died worth nearly a million ot money, appli,d for admission to the asylum, and wns ic-mpomiily admitted, in thu hope that the publication of the fact would shame Ilia wed thy relative!, into bupporting hirn. The late JoBeph Rrsgge Slack was an inter minable l tigant when liu wo3 alive, aud now that he is dead, the administration of his estate pro mises to be an interminable source of litigation, lie ha3 left freehold properly to the amount of si me £-l(;00, and three daughters arc figuring as c'riimants, one of whom hails from the Wimraera, nr d wnb never known as his daughter during his liietirue. Probably she was disgusted with his legal eccentricities, and did not wish to bo iden tified witli him. Now that he can ba no longer eccentric in this world, or bring ridicule on tho family, Lhe admits tha relationsuip, and asks for !'cr slice when tho old mun's property is carved. Her claim to participate in the plunder is con tested, nnd by tho time the arguments are con cluded the property in dispute will doubtless havo to be sold to pay the lawyers— a grim entire on old Slack's years of strife with the imps of the devil's brigade. Smallpox is not stamped out after all. Several cases were discovered this week, under circum stances that lead to tbe suspicioo that tho medical men in attendance were aware of the true charac ter of tbe disease, but did not report to the autho rities. if this be true it is impossible to Bay bow far tbe infection has spread. Even when tho dis covery was made and the bouses were quarantined one of the patients contrived to escape, and was at targe in the city for moro than an hour. This .docs nut speak much for our police system of quarantine. Which mention of tne police recalls tbe fact that Superintendent Rabat, who was for 32 years an officer of the force, has committed suicide in consequence, it is presumed, of pecuuiary embarrassment, caused by unlucky mining specu lations. A ecijeant has been ca led upon to send in bis resignation, an inquiry having shown that this mor'cl guardian of law and order was in the habit cf visiting hotels in company with girls of eary virtue. Then, lour constables who were caught more than a mile away from their beats, and in suspicious prox in ity to tbo back entrance of a brewery were brought before the City Court to answer for their misconduct, but the magistrates could see nothing improper in constables leaving a suburb unprotected and coming into the city to defend a brewery tlut was not known to bo in any particular danger. So the constables were discharged by onr rare old Dogberrvs without a stain upon their churacters. The authorities, however, have shown what they think of such a preposterous decision by dispers ing the men in distant districts, where there are few, if any, breweries in urgont need oi protebtion. From breweries to hotels is a natural and easy transition, and it has to be placed on records that, alter a brief spastu of law-abiding morality, Sun day trading in now ae brisk us ever, and ita con comitant evils aro just bs prominent as before. 'J lie Licensed Victuallers' Association, for three Sundiya in succession, did its utmost to secure universal closing, even going to the length of keep ing its office open all day to receive reports cf back-sliding publicans, and place tbe police in possession of their names. All this was done in the nope of disgusting tho thirsty public with the present Licensing Act, which absolutely prohibits the sale of intoxicants on-Bundays to any person who can not conscientiously declare that ho ha'3 travelled 10 miles since be got out of bed that morning. But, notwithstanding all the viligance of tho Licensed Victuallers' Association aud the police combined, come houses managed to do a roaring, if illicit, trado on the Sabbath, and this hciog noised abroad human nature asserted itself and in self- defence the general body of publicans have decided to carry ou the Bame old game and run tbe risk of an occasional prosecution. For tha three Sundays that the closing experiment lusted the orderlinr.es of the city was remarkable, and the absence ot the big brigade of bacchanalians that were accustomed io face the magistrates on Monday mornings was just us n matkable and pleasing a feature. \Ye c.vi only regret that tbo law-breakine proclivities of the pub icans aud tbe impossibility of our small body of police watching all the hotels of the city prevc-nt this delightful state of things from becoming perennial. During the coming wee>c tbe publicans intend waiting on Mr Berry (who has been a good dtal troubled with sciatica lately) and asking him to include in his new Licensing Bill a o-lauso legalising Sunday trading for a couple of hours in tho afternaon'uud evening— a request with which he is not likely to comply. Sui duy evening concerts are already tolerated, but if tbe hotols were allowed (o open as well, there would Boon be very little difference between Sat urday night and Sunday night, ' The Legislative Assembly has at last got rid cf the Land Bill, nnd tho Bailwny Construction Bill is the next item on the bill of fire. It is now gi nerally understood that tho 8cots' Churoh Se cession Bill has not the ghost of a show for getting through the mill tbis eession, so strong Is tbe de termination to talk it to death, And in connec tion with. This, there has been Bome consternation amongst the orthodox on account of a 'recent cablegram., which eays that the Rev CbaB. Strong is coming back soon. Most of them would be less alarmed r.t an announcement that the old gentlemno was coming np from down below. On the atrival of the arch-heretic we mfay look ont for a renewal of temptstnons weather in the ngionof the Pretbytenan Assembly, Tha irrov- eient acd the ungodly are splitting their sides laughing at the curious epistle sent by anlestimable n sidt nt ol the rabbit infested country, to Bishop Moorhoure, beseeching His Lordship to order prayeis, to be said throughout the diocese, asking Heaven to ourse the ubiquitous rabbits vri.h sterility. Of coniBe the leTel-headcd bishop scuM not W; hit' v.-aj o nrant th? strspfje -re-jRcr- W; at the tamo time it is an indievtioo of the terror that the rabbit plague is inspiring in tho country districts. In some parts of the Wimmerx, the poor selectors are being eaten out of home and home by the countless myriads of these pests. Bcme eucb miraculous intervention as the Bishop's corre'pondent sighed for, though not to be ex pected in these degenerate days, would savo hundreds cf homes on the northern plains from being nbin- doned in despair. Theatrical Melbourne has a serious grievance ajainst theatrical Sydney for keeping '.he Federal Minstrels so long. Their return to thrlr old quarters in the Victoria Hall has been so fre quently promised, atid tho promises have been so shamefully broken, that wo arc beginning to fear that they have become n fixture in Sydney,- The last rumour concerning (hem i" that they will positively play here during Cup week, but that ro- pott may prove so fa'sc as tho other?. " The Stiver- King" at the Royftl, is about tha only thing worth witnessing just now. 