" HAMLET." I Hazlttt, whose criticisms oil the English | sta^e are perhap3 tho most valued and > valuable ill existence, thus speaks of the ' character and play of Hamlet. 'It is probably of all others the most diffi cult to personate on the stage. It is like the attempt to embody a shadow-spun, to the finest thread, yet never loses its continuity. It is made up of undulatory lives, without a single sharp angle. There is no set pur purpose ; no straining at a point. There should be as much of the gentleman and scholar infused into the part as possible, and a3 little cf the actor." No play in the English language has such a hold upon the sympathies of the English speaking people as ;hi3 one ; and it has always been accepted as the crucial test of aa actor's ability. In no part within the range of dramatic literature has there been so many attempts, and so many failures. It woald be superflous after the years that Mr. Dampier has been before the public in this character, with which he ha3 so closely identified himself and his name, to say that he possesses all the attributes and accomplishments for depicting it in the very highest style of |art. His fine voice, easy bearing, natural manner, scholarly and cultured mind being everything necessary. Of the large number who witnessed his per formance at the Temperance Hall last night, it may be safety said that the mo3t critical regarded his interpretation of the character as entirely satisfactory. In the scene wherein Hamlet'3 father's ghost appears, his acting was sublime, and the manner in which he gave the soliloquy, " To be, or not to be," wa3 particularly «;ood. In his directions to the players, his elocution was exquisite, and in the closet scene he created a profound impression. In deed, the points of excellence, like plums in a pudding, might be found throughout the piece. Montgomery's impersonation lives yet in the memories of thousands. His "Hamlet " was, perhaps, unsurpassed, and it was 1 marvellous that one whose bearing off the stage was not to say the least, refined, should hare been so gentlemanly on it. Mr. Dampier possesses the merit of being a genial gentleman, both on and off the stage. He was welljsupported by Mr. Holloway, who sustained the characters of Laertes and the Ghost, Mrs. Holloway as the Queen, Mr. Stoneham as the King, and Miss tlussell as Ophelia. The dialogues ware given as they should have been, the enunciation being perfectly distinct, arid the leading passages were |?rendered with marked effect. The remaining characters were in good hands, and done full justice to. This is the Erst time " Hamlet " has been played in Echuca, and Mr. Dampier has, in hi3 recent tour, played tho first "Hamlet" that has ever been seen in many Australian tawns. The tragedy throughout was watched with marked interest, and the rendering of many of the familiar passages was greeted with applause. Mr. Dampier, before the last act, an nounced that to-night would be pro duced the celebrated drama of " All for Gold" by Mr. Francis Hopkins a gentleman well known to them, and, he had no doubt, greatly respected. The drama had been played in Europe, America, Canada, and Australia, and was everywhere looked upon as one of the best melo- dramas placed before the public, but owing to a combination of circumstances he had not before had an opportunity to produce it in what might be termed its birthplace. He had no doubt that when they had witnessed the drama, they would feel compelled to call the author before the curtain, and do honor to him. Mr. Dampier's remarks were greeted with applause from every part of the house. I'HS MISSINT: GIRL. -Miss Hockey, who has been missiug from Clunes for a week, and whose absence had caused considerable uneasiness to her uncle h is been discovered. She had taken a situation at Ballarat. RAILWAY EMPLOYES AND THE PKESS. -One of the first orders of the Railway Commis sioners (says the Hcald) was to issue a circular prohibiting the employes giving any information to the Press, in future such yarticuiars as they choose to give arc to coma through the secretary. Such a circular was quite unnecessary, as the officials were never over cominu- ii:;:Uivt> to the Press ; neverthe less, the reporters obtained all the news thoy desired, and >ve suppose will in future. DEATH FROM Thiust. -A sad case of deaMi from thirst has occurred on the Moree Plains, on the New South Wales side of the Macintyre River. It appears that a man who had just left the service of a squatter set out for the Moree station, to reach which it was necessary to cross a waterless plain 10 mile3 wide. Before starting he iiiled a bottle with water and took it with him, thinking, no doubt, that this supply would suffice till ho reached a creek or waterhole. During the day some travellers coming in the opposite direction met the man, who was then in a most delirious state for want of water. They supplied him with a small quantity of water and spirits, and as this appnared to revive him they made for the nearest station to pro cure assistance. Upon a relief party finding the man he was in a deplorable condition, being able to indicate his wants only by pointing to his mouth. Water was at once supplied to him, but upon swallowing it he j mmediately expired. ; Auother illegitimacy trouble has arisen I at Ballarat. Miss Josephine Rousen, of Gordon, who had a child previously, and lost it under suspicious circumstances, was at the time held to be insane. JNow another of her children is lost, and an inquiry is 1}Q ; held. -> * ? 