''hamlet" "at" the princess', londgn- ' The great merit of tbe Hamlet" of ih; Prin cess's Theatre is teat it is a sensible and unpre tentious lendering of the pi iy as we may imagine Shakespeare intended it to b-: acted, or rather as ba would have wished it to be aciea nan an uvea in uur o-yo. ine t-c.nery n magnificent, and ihe dresses Are striking; ,-nd as I believe Mr. Godwiu is responsible for them, tbey ire, no -Jdoubt, archoeologically corrrct. Hamitt is — as he ueht to be — in un formed youth, a fsirsct.o:ar, ol amiable rather thaa of brilliant qualities. \Vh?n the Ghost t ils him of the ccut-e wbich deprived his- fa'her of lite, and urgi s bim to avinge it, the tak in too much for him. He is bold imwordj acd intent, bat whvn it comes toaclion hecol'apses. He is not absolutely mad, but his mind is unhinged, and u.rongit Hi3 silly pietexte to avoid action ani yet to appear to be bent on it, he shams absolute murines', in per tray ing thiB complicated and uncertain charac ter, Mr Barrett is rncce.-'sful. His elocution ii nntur'.J, and he converses lather than makes stcecbes. There is un emire absence of theatrical conventionality in his ge-itur.s and in his mien, an a one sets Hamlet rather as le might hive bern in the Danish castle Iban as we are accustomed tr. him on the stage. Miss F.-.atl .ke is a good deal bettor as Ophelia thtn J had anticipated. Hhn r, 3tr.iQS to a ccnfeidefab'o extent the nervous txubrranc: ot of hi-r movements. As the peieecuu-d heroine of LodGou suburbs the wa> to;> much of Oph- li i, but ihia stands fcer in good part when she has to play ths character. No don'ut her straight, , waisUets dresses were correct, but they -vera so unbiconiiog that I should tli.-nk thc-yr will prove useful in rxpioding the tovthe'k-al craze. The KiDg models bis m en npon the remirk that a man may tmile td yet be a villain. He is, in f ict, a - comic Monarch ; he entirely lucks dignity, and grius over his misdeeds and the vagaries of hid son-in-law as though he thoroughly vr joy . d them. Mils Leighion looks exceedingly band -our.- as the Queen, and one could more easily understood tbe strong measures which tho King hud taken to replace her fir Bt husband iu uur affections than when the part is played by an elderly lady. Sao fails, however, io uiake anything oat of ths closet scene. Laertes nnd the GraveJigger arts tEpt daily good. — " Truth." 