TRAINING NOTES. FLEMIXGTOK, Tcesdat. The morning was one of the keenest of the season, j the '.'round being carpeted with a white frost, never theless there were several honscs on the ground and visitors to wimess the gallop- of the horses engaged j in the V.R.C. Grand National Meeting. Mr. T. Cook i was the- first with bis team. Basilisk doing moderate j work, followed by The Joker, who ran a couple of j , circles on the outer track, being joined by Hawthorn i j iu the last mile. The big liorse went very wc'l, finish- j ! ing up strong. Don Quixote, with Mr. W. Glasscock : i in'the saddle, did a capital gallop over the hurdles , ■ twice round on the inner course. He was ac- j i ccmpanied by a pair of Mr. Glasscock's horses, [ one at each mile. Blackthorn did useful pace i work on the svnd, over twice round. Mr. Moran's horse The Baron, who had schooled over ' the big timber on Monday, was doing good pace work I on the sand ; this looks like a smartish boree, and he | jumped very wciL Mr. DaV.in was giving Plausible j and Duration a smart spin ever six furlongs, and M'Donald treated Oaiaahaun to a strong gallop twice round the ground, he being accompanied by Eauity and a brown horse the latter portion of the gallop, which was a good one. Chifney sent the maiden hurdle horse Hazanl, in company with Kit Knubbles, on the tan, the pair bowling over two miles for a strong gallop. Chippenham did good pace work twice round the sand, where Yarree, who went remarkably well (with Dick Walker up),executed a couple of miles. Mr. Selman's horses, Black Diamond, Dunstan, and Loo Loo were all striding along for nice exercise. Mr. Langley had Stationer and Hunter working; A. Davis sending Impulse and Lyons Lady in company for a smart spin of three quarters of a" mile. Bonnie Bee, who was looking gay alter his season's hard racing, did moderate pace exercise. J. Reid treated The Agent to cantering work; the handsome son of Slanderer having accomplished a brilliant gallop on Saturday morning last. Cumheroona and Letitia were doing some half-pace work. There were several yearlings exercising. I noticed Yeend with his youngsters, who have been clipped, and they look remarkably well. Mr. W. Dakin was cantering his ycarlinge, and they seemed to stride along in nice form. There was a number of horses doing work during the morning* Belle Brandon, who is engaged in the Flat Race, was striding along for good work in company with Hurri cane, who seems to have got over the accident that j befel him in Adelaide. Ooffey has this pair looking big and healthy. Baron von Mueller is also wearing an improved appearance. CAULFIELD, Thursday. The morning was fine with a sharp westerly wind. Training operations commenced about S o'clock, by Mr. Connolly giring his string of eight useful exercise. The steeplechase horse Friendless performed a capital gallop about three miles, and be appears to be in good buckle. Angler, Nautilus, Raillery, Ned Kelly, Glorious—Snow-wreath colt, and Novelette were can tering. The maiden steeplechase horse Robin Hood, with Batty up, did striding work over two miles. Jones was giving Liberator and Countryman some smart exercise. The steeplechase mare Lizette did a three-quarter pace gallop over a couple of miles, going free and well; she was never in Each form. Mem" bowled along for 6trong work a couple of times round the inner track, and Duenna with O'Brien up did a fast spin once round the track. Leng gave Bassanio and Regulator some half-poce exercise. He sent Australian Court a useful pace gallop over three miles, Canute joining in during a portion of the journey. Batty was doing cantering work with Yately, and he sent Ontario for a good working gallop over three miles, the last mile being run at a fast pace; this horse looks much im proved and he went very well. Mr. J. Leek had Coistoon cantering, the son of Ring Cole looking bright and healthy; Chuckstcr, looking stout, was going slowly. Mr. Davis sent Ditto for useful work in Company with Camerine; Tandsticker was striding along for three-parts pace work. Stampede was an absentee through an injury to his stifle in the steeplechase on the 21st of June " the Ladies' Trophy day." Mr. Duffett was canter ing The Ghost, Black Jacket, Queen Bess, and Nor folk. Mr. Robertson sent Precious Stone in company with Koh-i-noor for some brisk exercise. There were j many other horses exercising during the morning; ! Coriolanus, looking big and well, was cantering, and Zen co, the maiden steeplechase horse, was also work 