TEE r.RC. WINTER STEEPLE CHASE MEETING. Of all the events which atir the breast of sportsmen throughout the Australian colonies, it would be idle to assert that any surpasses the great Spring Handicap known as the Melbourne Cup ; but at that season the weather is apt to be hot, and the going a little bit to sound for jumping events. But every Anglo-Saxon and Celt dearly gloves to hear what our greatest Australian pcet termed " The rending of blackthorns and rattle of rails," and this equally loved by Iheir Australian sons and daughters. If Pat wishes to praise a horse, the highest com mendation is " Sure he throws an elegant lep." The Englishman's laudation is "He's as clever as a cat," whilst the Australian notes the horse who can race over four-foot six of gum, box, or stringy bark, the acme of equine excellence; Knowing this deep seated popular loVe of a jumper, the Vic toria Racing Club have most wisely set a day apart when the weather is Cool, the going a bit holding, and the turf vividly green in its emerald freshness, for a day's cross-country racing. And as at this season hunting is fairly under way, all our best amateur and professional horsemen are congregated near the metropolis, fthd Hurdle Racing and Sfeeplechasing can be seen at its very best Very beautiful is Flemingtoii in these bright wihter days of July, the turf is velvet pile both in lawn and straight, and although the English trees have lost their leaves, ever greens indigenous and exotic, display their glossy foliage on every aide. ' Chrysanthe ' Narcissus and Geraniums blo..soth in the flower-beds, ivith which Mr Bryon Moore has decorated the lawri, whilst the fountain flings its diamond spray into the eunlight, sparkling prjstnatically. What though mornings are a bit frosty; the sun shines out cheerily and lights up the silk ana satin of the horsemen as they canter past the stand on the weight-earring thoroughbreds mve n,;i^e Victorian steeplechase a synonym for pluck and daring. As an In«Wia or a Glasscock is noted beside a Corrigan, i-cobe, or King, both amateur and profes sional cohie in for a share of admiration and lair and friendly criticism. The meeting, which will be held oh Satur day, the 19th instant, promises to eclipse any of i(s predecessors, not only in the matter of arrangement of programme, but also in the vnltie of its prices, the number of horses en gaged in each of its evelils, atid in (|le character and quality of the animals therein competing. Very wisely at this season the Victoria Racing Club offers special prizes for maiden horses, both as hurdle-racers and Steeplechasers; That each year increases the popularity of these races the entries show. Thus in the programme now about to even tuate. The Maiden Hurdle Race boasts no less ihnn 26 entries. A Star is very appropri ately the first to shine ; a Lady Teazle Ejives hint of an (Argus) Scandal; whilst an insolvent is appropriately close to a Borderman. A Tattler may tell a merry tali to a Gippsland Squire ; Coningsby may take a Premier posi tion ; while Paganino should play a merry tune, and any Hazard may be provided for by <i Sinking Fund. Still, it is hard to pick a Sheet .Anchor or avoid innocent Raillery Avhen an Omadhaun is about, and even the Cockboat may not carry us safely through. Verily it is a most aristocratic field, as', besides those named, Le Beau, a crack 2 yrs. old, Kit Nubbles, a half-brother to the mighty Swiveller, The Ghost, whose Brace let honors are yet thick upon him, are all in the usi. The Maiden Steeplechase has also filled wonderfully, and it has also had 20 entered: Hope, Pride, Sulphur and Holyrond are Vfuy °PP°£ite ingredients, but among the others Notorious is the son of mighty Sussex. Banyenong, Kulkyne, Yanko, The Baron, Bard Of Erin, Kingston, L&ceiver;, and Adsum have big private reputations. The Grand National Hurdle Race then follows, and in this no less than 35 of the highest-class have been engaged. When such names of those of Malua, Ringwood, Don Quixote, The Joker. The Agent, Flam borough, Basilisk, and Ontario are men tioned., the well-known steeplechase jock of, What sort, Boss ?" is hardly to be won dered at, when the names of Yarree, Ontario, Sundowner, Sheet Anchor, and other winners show that those instanced by no means ex haust the list of celebrities and past winners. Ihe Grand National Steeplechase then fallows. Twenty-nine entries attest that despite the drain India makes upon us for this class of horse, and though Panic has joined the great majority, a big list of good ones is still to the fore. Of past winners over big timber in the list there are many, notably Blackthorn, Chester, Governor, Great Western, Chippenham, Tandstickor, Lizette, General Jackson, All Serene, Friendless, Union, Stampede, and Bryan O'Lynn, while the hurdle race division furnish such candi dates as Sundowner, Pride, and Hope. Verily, a contest of giants may be antici pated. The. Selling Hurdle Race has 20 entered, almost every one of which lies at some time gained winning brackets, and here, with their owners own handicapping, the pace should be of the merriest kind. West Coast, Irralee, Ned Kelly Yarree, Meriie, and IWpect, being a fair sample of the nags en gaged. This race in itself should be worthy the longest journey, for which excursion fares are granted. Sport will wind up with the Handicap Flit Race rf a mile. 7st. is the lightest burden allotted, and herein are engaged all the speediest horses on the Victorian Turf Malua, Ironmaster, Ringwood, Hurricane, Sr. Laurence, Black Diamond, Boolka, Don Quixote, and Bonny Bee sound like merry niusic ; and when the numbers go up, very fast time, despite the height of the minimum carried, will be chronicled below tneai. From every part of Victoria, the Hop wounds of Gippsland, the Potato Fields of Jarrnambool the Hills of Coleraine, the Mountains of the Mitta Mjtta, and the \- preading Plains of the Richardson, the iviinniera, and the West lovers of the sport wilt assemble, as well as from the other ?. ome8> a|id such a cross country carnival tt'll be held as has never yet been seen even at famous FJeniinsrton. A?r UNEXPLORED TABLE-LAND.-According tollrilm Thurn, whose trave'a in British Guiana have recently been published, thers is in far west of that country, or over the Brazilian boundary, where the savanna itself rises 5000 feet above the sea, a flat table-land the edges < f which are more or less perpen dicular cliffs 2000 feet high. No traveller has been round it, so thatfitmay be accessible from ihe other side, and there is a way, as yet untired, which Mr. Im Thurn believes niay prove practicable. The summit of this plateau of Roraima seems to be forest covered, a'id enough is known of the fauna and flora ] the district to make it certain that a 1 naturalist would find himself well rewarded for the ascent. There are traditions of strange isolated tribes that live in the inacces sible region The Orient Steam Navigation Company's "?M.S., Iberia, from Melbourne, 28th May, 33 arrived. 'J'he Iberia brings a shipment °f 4,()5o carcases mutton from Melbourne, *,1(1 1,100 from Sydney, all of which is be lieved to be in good condition. A FACT WOlVin KNOWING. Are you suffering with Consumption, ^tuglis, Severe Colds, settled on the Breast, | "OBnionia, or any disease of the Throat and ?tiUtigs? If so, go to your Druggist and get a bottle of Boschee's German Syrup. The People ilro going wild over its success, and nights all over our country are writing us o its wonderful curcs amongst their cus oi'ers. It luig by far the largest solo of any Jiniedy simply because it is of so much value ln i | affections of this kind. Chronic cases quickly yield to it. Druggists recommend it ?Hid physicians prescribe it. If yau wishto fnl' 1l3,suPel''(,r virtue, get a sample Bottle r oct. I argo size bottle 3s. Gd. Three . 08C8 will relievo any case, Try it, ENJOY LIFE. What a truly beautiful world we live in ! We can desire no better when in good health ; but how often do the majority of people feel like giving it up disheartened, discouraged and worried out with disease, when there is no occasion for this feeling. Green's August Fljwer will inake them as free from disease as when born. Dyspepsia and Liver Com plaint are the direct cause of seventy five per cent, of such maladies as Biliousness, In digestion, Sick Headache, Costivenesa, Nervous Prostration, Dizziness of the Head, Palpitation of the Heart and other distressing symptoms. Three doses of August Flower will prove its wonderful effect. Sold by all Druggists at 3s. Gd. per bottle. Sample bottles, Gd. Try it. W. TREBILCO, High-street, lias now the largest stock in the district of Books, Stationery, Jewellery, Platedware, and all pertaining to the Fancy Goods business ; also Crockery, Cutlery, Tobacconists' Ware, aad Musical Instruments. Out friends and visitors would do well to inspect the place, as there is nothing else like it out of Mel bourne, and the prices'are much less than at the small shops, where also there is such little choice. The trade supplied.-[ADVT.] INTENDING PUKCHASERS OF PIANOS are n vited to call and see the magnificent Brins mead and Esdaile Instruments, now on view at the shop of their Echuca agent, MR. T. WEBB. Every piano guaranteed for ten years, and sold here at London price-cash or time payment. Seo advt. on fourth pafte 18GG "R*n AVll ftnSmlrt.RCC THE BAD AND \VoifcTJil»E^s fl.ro nf yer imitated or counterfeited. This is cspeciiillr true of a family medicine, and ir. is positive pro-jf that the remedy imitated is of tho highest value. As soon as it lir.d beor. tested and proved by the whole world that Jlop Bittern was the purest best, and most valuable family 1i1cdici;ie on earth, many imitations, sprung up and began to steal tho noiices in which' thi? press and 1 lie people of the count.y had expressed the mferits of H. B., and in every way trying to induce suffering in valids to use their stuff inslead, expeeting to make money on the evedit and good name o£ II. 13\. Manj' others started nostrums put Tip in similar style to If. B., with variously devised names in which the word " Hop " or " Hops ' were used in a way to induce people to believe tliey were the same as lfop Bitters. All such pretended remedies of cures, no matter what their stvle or name Is, and especially those with the word" Hop " or " Hops " in their name or in any way connected wilh them or their namg, are iir.itations or counterfeits. Beware of them. Touch none of them. Use nothing b it genuine American Hop Bitters, with a bunch or cluster of green Hops on the whitehibel, and Dr. Soule's name blown in the glass. Trust nothing else. Druggists and Chemists are warned against deal ing ni imitations or counterfeits.- [ADVT.] IMPORTANT TO COUNTRY BUYERS. Send your Drapery Orders direct to GEORGE AND GEORGE, The Great Cash Drapers. Patterns post free. Best value in the Colony. Note difference in price. GEORGE AND GEORGE, Federal Emporium, MELBOURNE 147 TO THE RESIDENTS OF MOAMA AND SURROUNDING DISTRICT. LADIES AITD GEXTLEMEX,-In fairness to the shopkeepers of Eclmca, we hare decided to close our Shop at Moama every Wednesday, at one o'clock p.m. The Half-holiday movement is by no means general in Moauia, and we would res pectfully ask you to support the business people there who grant their assistants this opportunity of enjoying themselves. We haxe had abun dant evidence of your appreciation of our No Duty " principles, and may anticipate your ap proval of our humane c/y " No Slavery." Hoping this arrangement will not inconvenience you in any way, and soliciting your extended patronage. -We are, yours faithfully, MANNING AND CO. N.B .-In justice to some of the Storekeepers iu Moama, we may slate that all are willing to close except one. " ROUGH ON RATS." Clears out rats, mice, roaches, flies, ants, bed bugs, beetles, insects, skunks, jack-rabbits, gop heis. At druggists. Felton, Grimwude and Co., agenda, Melbourne. fvo PEACE WITHOUT EASII.-Ask your Che mist for HAHKISON'S CO EX AND WART REMOVES. To avoid disappointment don't be persuaded to alee any of the worthless imitations offered in place of it. ' Numerous testimonials certify to its worth. Said retail by all Chemists. Price Is., r by post Is. 2d., in stamps. C. Harrison, ohemist, Prahran. Wholesale agents, Messrs. Cocke, Tompsitt, and Co., Melbourne. SAXDEK AHD SOX'S EUCALYPTI EXTRACT. Mosler, M.D., Pro. University, Greifswald, re ports :-TheEuea. Exfc;\ proved magnificently successful in very severe contusions, bruises, sprains, wounds, scaldings, broken ribs, and limbs.- [ADTT ] 3 830 