'Ibumor, noolchan's Wake. ' Is it the health ye're askin' for ? If O'ive any left afther toastin' it away all night at Hoolehan's wake O'im luoky. 'The widdy tuk 1 Hoolehan's death very much at heart an' kept bellowin' an' soreeoh-. in' louder than Miokarty'e prize pig at Balley varney fair, from mornin' till night. We de termined to quiet her some way, an' Mike MoGinniss goes up to her and sez he, ' Don't mind, Winny — excuse me, I mane Mrs. Hoolo- . han — but don't fret alther Dinnia anv more. lor whin the twelve months ia over O'ill marry yiz meseilf.' ' Oh, the party oraythur, but how she ohanged all av a saddintl She had aloife soize picther avHoolehan down to the showl der, weepin' over it, but risin' and droppin' it from her lap onto the sofy, she wiped her eyes wid the corner av her apron, and sez she, 'Will ye have.hot wather in yure whisky ,: MiBther McGinniBS, or take it in ita naoharal state?' ' Misther MoGinniss preferred havin' the hot wather, an' while Mrs. Hoolehan was in the kitchen gettin' it we med arrangemints to keep her in good humor, for her eorryins I on before tuk all the loile and spirit out av as. ' 'The flare was cleared, an1' by the time she kem baok we were ready lor a brake-down, but Winny dapped the punoh on the table and threw up her hands in holy horror. ' ' Meelya murther I ' sez she ; ' is this the way ye riverince the mimory av me poor dead husband ? ' ' Ooh 1 we all thought Bhe waB goin' to bawl out agin, whin Mike MoGinnis whispered a lew wordB in her ear and pinohed her On the arrum, an' atther takin' her into the dinin'-room an' givin' her some blarney she kem out willin' an' smilin'. So we Bint little Jimmy Boaoh off lor the fiddle. He's always up to some plaguey thriok. , It tuk him so long that we all wint . to Supper. He didn't go away, but watohod us . outside the windy, an'whin we wint to supper he Btolein an' got under the same Bhate with the corpse. We thonsht it - was nnn av Jimmv'n nnM thricks tb fool as out av our danoe, an'.we determined not to let him have the best av ns, so MoGinniaa an' meself got upon the flare an' oomminced danoin' away while all the min prisint kept whiatlia' ' The wind that shakes the barley,' . whin, behold you !? the' ehate begun risin'. an' kipt . risin' higher an' higher, till Dinny, asi.we thought,, eat - bolt uprighi; under it, an' in a° voioe ixaotly like his own, said, as mad as ooald be, 'How dare yiz insult my mimory?: How data yiz?' ' What did wo do ? .Well; Oi've a faint re mimbranco av MoGinniss's hair standin' on ind, his eyes Btartin' from their sockets' and / liis mouth big enough to jump down into, . but boyant that an' Mrs. Hoolehan hollerin' out, 1 Indado, Dinnis MoGinniss won't have jae, an' I won't marry any one but you,' we 'all stood like statues', an' not wan av ub had the oourage to move till tho wind blow open the dure an' put out the light. . 'Thin waa the soramblin' an' Bhufflin'.- v Jimmy, -av ooorse, jumped down and grabbed fust wan an' thin* another, an' being' a very strong bye, his pinohes were no small matter. . 1 'Now, O'im a very gallant man to the leddiea, an° always willin to saorifice meaell for thoir pnrty sakes whin any nachural dan- ? ger prenints itself, but whin it oomeB to the Bupernacliural Oi till ye what, me bye, I look out for my own skin. ? ? , . ' What was tho ind av it? Well, the end for me was this : Whin the light was put out, an' Oi, like all the reBt, thought Dinnis was at me heels, I put for home wid a Bpade whioh ud shame tho aigles av the air.. Me fate hardly seemed to touoh tho ground, aa I wint over - cobblestones an' ditches moreloike a bird than a man. Two policemen gov chase to me, an' foired shots at me, but they couldn't oatch me; Mosowlwas bint on rnnnin', an', to, tell the truth, Oi don't belavo Oi could av stopped if Oi'd tried. Oi ought to mintion here that Oi had on white corduroy breeohes,. an' as Oi took aff me coat before beginnin' to danoe wiu wciiinniaa, ui presiniea quire » quare speotacle. To give ye an instance av the flight wid which Oi flew, let me tell ye that tho San Jose freight train waspomin'in, an' me path for two blocks lay alongside av the traok, but Oi kept pace with the ingine all along, an' from tho pale soared face av the engineer, I think he must have tuk me lor a ghost meailf.' . Bcmbkb Bbb. 