$tutdx&t.; SCIENCE NOTES. The late epidemic of trichinosis In Ger many naturally caused serious apprehensions, and led to most restrictive measures being passed to prevent farther spread of the disease, but there does not appear to have been sufficient warrant {or the terrible dread which prevailed in certain quarters. The epidemic was short, was confined to a com. paratively small district and ran a peculiar bourse. Between die 12th and 19th September 250 persons were taken ill with the disease in the town oi JsmersieDen, ana iw»j.iiiru died. From the 14th to the 19th forty -two fell ill at Deesdorf, which is adjacent to Emenleben with the re sult that nine of them died; and after the 19th eighty persons were attacked at the neighboring town of Nienhagen, but here there was not a single death. Now it is the habit in many parts of Germany to eat pork in a raw state. It is simply chopped up very fine, and eaten upon bread in the place of butter or cooked meat. Through the exer tions of the German and French savans who investigated the epidemic, it was found that a butcher of Emersleben had killed a hog, and after chopping up the meat sold the greater portion of it in his own town during a few days after September 12, and later a little of it was disposed of to some of the people of Daesdorf. On September 19 the remainder was mixed with freth pork and sold at Nienhagen. The disease was clearly traced to this hog, and the deduction from the circumstances was that the longer the interval between the killing of the animal and the consuming of its flesh, the less chance was there of the trichina: pro ducing fatal results. It was also noticed that in one or two instances where the chopped meat was cocked, the disease did not make its appearance. It has been before demonstrated that only a moderate heat is sufficient to destroy the parasite of trichinosis, and it is particularly noticeable that only where pork is eaten raw does the disease- prominently show itself. Hence it was pointed out by M. Brouardei (who was deputed by the French Government to enquire into the epidemic) that in countries such as France, where it is not the practice to eat meat raw, restrictions on imported pork are not necessary. An interesting account of the Faegians and their manners and customs has been pub lished by Dr. Hyades, a surgeon in the French navy and a skilled naturalist, The doctor had no difficulty in studying the strange inhabitants of the Terra del Fuego, for they rather assisted than obstructed his investigations. He says that nearly every day groups of one or two families came to the huts occupied by himself and members of a mission party and took a most lively in terest in all they did, lending themselves to be photographed, measured, cr weighed. ''Men and women lent themselves with complaisance to all his researches.' The population of the islands does not exceed a few thousands, all of whom spa&k; the same language, though it does not accord with any other known tongue. Their system of nume ration does not extend above 3, and to express any number above that they use terms equivalent to 'several' or 'more,' They do not tattoo, but they paint their faces and sometimes their hair red or white; Their only ornaments in general are neck laces of shells or birds' bones and strips of figured hide for bracelets, but the women have more ornaments than the men. Their dress consists simply of seal or otter fekins sewn roughly together and thrown over the shoulder, where it is kept by a fasten ing round the neck. The Fuegians are gene rally of a gay and pleasant disposition, 'mobile mats peu expansif.' They possess no instruments of music whatever. Their food consists chiefly of the flesh of the whale, seal, sea-birds, and fish. The women have to do the fishing and shell-fish gathering, and for this purpose they carry baskets made of fibre3 of treeBand sinews of the whale. The Fuegians have no funeral rites. They bury their dead close to their huts at a very little depth under the soil, and afterwards dig up and burn the bones. ? A strange scene is depicted in one of the late numbers of La Nature. It has the appearance of an immense rippling sea with every billow capped with snow, and with a number of small rocky islands scattered about in it. What it really represents, however, is a eea of clouds viewed from the summit of one of the Auvergne mountains, of which the apparent islands are the peaks. It not un frequently happens that the plains of central France are covered with a more or less he&vy; mist, whilst some of the most elevated plateaux are in a clear and pure atmosphere. At these times the view from the top of one of the Auvergne ranges must be exceedingly striking and beautiful, albeit a little weird. The banks of clouds some times extend upwards to a distance of 4,000 feet, and it is then only from the summits of such mountains as the Puy-de-dome and Plomb-du-Cantal that the strange tight can be witnessed. A proof of tho existence of metallic dust in the higher regions of the atmosphere has been afforded by M. Ncrdenskiold, the cele brated Arctic explorer. He noticed that some snow, which fell in December last in the neighborhood of Stockholm, was soiled with small quantities of black dust. In collecting and analysing, some of the dust he found that it contained iron, silica, phosphorus, and cobalt, the quantity of the last named being relatively great. M. Nordenskiold did not make a com plete quantitative analysis, but the subject is to be fully gone into by the Academy of Sciences at Paris. Meanwhile Tissandier points out that Nordenskiold's analyses con firm the preceding observations made in the boreal regions by the explorer, and in France by himself, he having extracted from rain water microscopical practicles, containing iron and an appreciable quantity of nickel. Some two years ago Dr. S. V. Clevenger, then professor of comparative anatomy and physiology at the Chicago University, de livered a lecture before the university club on the upright attitude of mankind. The points he raised in the discourse were so startling and advanced that a storm of criticism was raised, which resulted in the the lecturer vacating his chair at the uni versity. Lately tho lecture has been pub lished in full in the American Naturalist, and from there it has been taken and dealt with by several of the scientific periodicals of the day. Dr. Clevenger discusses the subject chiefly with the view of pointing out that die upright attitude of man is not advantageous to him in every way, and, in fact, that it goes far to show that man is not a perfect animal. Amongst the drawbacks he ascribes to the attitude is the increased liability of man to contract inquinal hernia, owing to the pelvis having to bear the entire weight of the abdominal viscera, instead of them being supported, as in quadrupeds, by the rib i and strong muscles. The disease is rare in quadrupeds, but a large proportion of humankind suffer from it, or from - other complaines arising from the same cause. The doctor goes lengthily into the position of the valves in the veins, pointing out what he considers anomalies and useless contrivances, and the British Journal of Science agrees with him, remarking that ' if we place a man upon all -fours these anomalies disappear, and a law is found regulating the presence or absence of valves.' The exposure of the femoral artery is also alluded to. It is protected in quadru peds, but in man 'this exposure of so large an artery is a fruitful cause of trouble and death.' There are various other disadvantages pointed out by the doctor, and the journal quoted adds to them by alluding to the liability to fall with serious results in the erect posture, and to the exposed position of the abdomen to in jury. The lecture has a decidedly evolu tionary tendency, and the Journal of Science says : — ' If the facts brought forward by Dr. Clevenger cannot be controverted, they seem to prove that man must have originated by gradual development from a four-footed being. Had he been created an erect, bipedal animal, as we find him, his structure would have been not in partial, but in per fect adaptation to the conditions of that attitude.' A capital suggestion which might be adopted here, was made lately to the Liver pool School Board. It was that duplicate specimens from the museum there should be used in the public schools for object lesson purposes. It is hardly necessary to point how much conducive to good teaching in the natural history sciences are actual specimens, than purely oral instruction. A pupil could grasp, say, tbe general anatomical charac teristics of a bird, much better if he had the skelton to examine, than by merely reading from a text -book even with the asbistance of a few drawings, and cer tainly in elementary geology it is difliualfc to understand how any useful informatioa can be conveyed at all without a few specimens. The Education Department would do well to take the matter up, at any rate with regard to the schools in and around Adelaide, and ' no doubt the authoritie* at the National and the Port Adelaide Museums would be glad to render them assistance. Microscopfst* in London and Berlin are now actually taking sections of diatoms and preparing them on ordinary slides, and it is said that this most delicate work- has- been carried to such perfection that 174 trans verse sections have been made from one diatom. Of course only the most trained and experienced hands could performsueb. a work, but it shows the perfection to which mount ing baa advanced. According to La Nature M. de la Croix estimates from recorded observations of dis turbances resulting from the final outburst at Krakatoa on Aagust 27 last, that the velocity of the molecular distarbkneetiurough the water of the tea was 530 metres -per second. The wisdom c* indefinitely increasing the v apertures of telescopes is questioned by the Sttne Sofoifgggnr, which aafc* the question, - 'fs the mania for enlargement justified f* It then goes on to argue that it it not, pointing out tbat there are many difficulties to be got over, for as the optical power is enlarged so ? are increased spherical aberration, difficulty of manipulation, instability, and deficiency of light. 'To give a more exact conoep* tion of the fineness of details that are attained in s good instrument, we may recall that Schiaparelli, in his observations upon Mars made at Milan with a lens of 0-21S metre aperture, Mars being distant fourteen million leagues during the opposition of 1877. .could distinguish a round spot of 137 kilometres wide. From Mars an island such as Sicily could have been seen. The leni of Washington of 0'65 metre would show details of one-third the size only.' The writer goes into the subject at considerable length, coming to the conclusion that the most useful lens is from 0'3S to 0'4 metre in diameter. The truth of the Scriptural phrase, 'In the midst of life we are in death,' has re ceived striking confirmation from the light which kthe ' germ theory ' has thrown upon the mode in which disease is communicated from one person to another. According to the Lancet, M. Vignal has been trying sqm» experiments with the view of ascertaining; whether the sputa of the phthisical patients ? or found in the streets still contained bacilli. He collected a certain quantity of such sputa, and submitted it to desiccation ; he then moistened it and .let it dry again at different times, bo as to place it as much as possible in the con dition in which it would be found in ordinary circumstances in a room. « He discovered that the eputa thus treated contained bacilli as numerous and as well formed as if they had jost been expectorated. He inoculated two guinea pigs with the matter, one of which died in a few days from obstruction in the bowels, and he could not, in consequence^ come to any conclusion ; but the second animal, though it increased in weight during the first few weeks subsequent to the injection, afterwards began to lose flesh and diea in abont three months. At the autopsy it was found that in all the organs there was a great number of tubercules which contained bacilli. M. Vignal concludes that Eputa of phthisical patiente, as found on the ground in the streets or in apartments, are far from being inoffensive, since as the expec toration dries these minute germs are wafted on the breeze, and might become agents Of contagion to persons predisposed, or in whom the bacilli would find a favorable soil for propagation. That electricity can be made to generate light Is now a commonplace fact, but the conversion cf light into electricity has not hitherto been accomplished. That heat is capable of generating an electric current was demonstrated long since by Melloni, whose beautiful instrument, the thermo-electric; pile, has now found its way into most lecture* rooms. In Melloni'a pile the application of heat — even the warm breath — to the junctions of the metals antimony and bismuth is suffi cient, in a closed circuit, to start an electria current, the intensity of which may ba measured by the galvanometer. Herr Saner, whose sunlight battery has been described in the Eltclrotechnische Zeitschrift, employs the* chemical rays of light for electric purposes.- - Sauer's battery consists of a glass vessel con taining a solution bf fifteen parts of table salt and seven parts of sulphate of copper in ICG parts of water. In this is placed a porous cell containing mercury. One electrode iff made of platinum and the other of sulphide of silver, and both are connected with a galvano meter. When not in use the whole is enclosed in a box. When in use the platinum electrode- is immersed in the mercury and the- other in the salt solution; the battery is placed in the sunlight and the galvanometer needle is then found to be deflected, the sulphide of silver being the negative pole. If the sun is clouded, or any other change in the intensity of the light occurs, it is indicated by the needle. For practical purposes this form of battery will be of little use, since the current obtained in this way must necessarily be weak, while the value of such a chemical as sulpbide of silver would militate against this particular battery for economic purposes. The statement often made by botanists that ' the red clover does not bear seed in New Zealand, owing to the absence of bees, has been recently contradicted by Mr. J. B. Armstrong, of the Christchurch Botanto Gardens. Mr. Armstrong shows that there are four varieties of red clover in New Zealand, all of which produce seeds capable of germinating. One variety is partly self* fertile and partly self-sterile. The produce of those which have been grown in the colony for several generations tend almost invariably to become self-fertile. Mr. Armstrong thinks there is every reason to believe that the red clover is therefore becoming modified in its structure so as to admit of the visits of insects not known to visit it in England, and that such' modification tends to render the plant self fertilising, but at the same time enables it to be improved in constitutional vigor by occa* sional intercrossing. In an article published in the Journal of the Anthropological Jnslitute, Mr. Howitt gives the following summary of the belief of Aus tralian natives :— ' All the tribes believe that the earth is fiat, and that the sky is propped' up on poles. Beyond the sky is the gunu - tree' country, the home of spirit and ghost; Every man has within him a yambo, or spirit, which can leave his- body and wander even to ' the gum-tree country and talk witii the spirits there, or converse with the wandering ehoste of other sleepers: The state of departedsouls and their doings after leaving the body fill ' the great part of Australian mythology. The dead are buried doubled up, the body lying ' on the side, and the usual deposit ia made of the personal effects of the deceased.' 