WINNIE THE WAIF; OR, THE FORTUNES OF A CASTAWAY. By WM. C. HONEYMAN, Author of " For Fame," " Under the Lamps," "Little Nell," &c.; Chapter XXVI,—Gourlay Grahame Learns his Fate.—Meeting of Joe Tapson and Dr. Allison. ( Continued. I The opportunity came in the gloaming when Winnie had done with her pupils for the day, and he was free to bear her off for a stroll in. the fresh air beyond the city. Winnie had never seemed so buoyantly happy; Joe had never felt so solemn or earnest over any task as he did now over this self-imposed one. Winnie twitted him merrily on his grave and abstracted look, leaning trustfully upon his arm and gazing up into his face with all her soul in her eyes. At any other time that look alone would have been enough to check the words on Joe's lips, but now he was looking not at her face and eyes, but at the pathetic features Of Gourlay Grahame, which appeared to shine through them. "Poor Grahame 1" he involuntarily ex claimed, whileapparentlygazinginto Winnie's animated face. "Why do you say poor Grahame?" en quired Winnie, becoming grave nevertheless, " Because he is unhappy, and the man who is so wearies to be out of the world," said Joe. "I>o sou know, Winnie dear, that man loves you ?" "Did he say so?" whispered Winnie in a seared tone, after a pause, during which her clasping hand tightened on Joe's arm. " Oh, I am sorry for him. I have been afraid of that all along, and tried to be as cold and distant as possible, while all the while I was pitying him from my very heart." " Yes, but think for a moment, Winnie. Could you not, if you wore to try, give him something more than pity," quietly pur sued Joe. "Could you not learn to love him ?" " How can you ask such a question? You know I could not," answered Winnie, open ing her eyes to the widest. " We were but children when we learned to lovej each other," continued Joe, a little huskily, "and though I never have nor never could know another love than yours, perhaps you should think well over this before de ciding. I am nobody—I may never make a position such as, you. deserve to share, and may have to exist in hope and poverty for long even after I am passed as a medical man. Think of that, Winnie —of perhaps waiting five, ten, or twenty years, while here is a man—a noble, generous fellow so far as I can read him—who could at once lift you into a position such as I can never dream of occu pying." " I do not needtothink of it for a moment,'' impetuously ^answered Winnie, "audit is nothiDg to me how long I have to wait while we continue loving each other. You are not tired of me„are"you, Joe, dear ?" " Tired of you 1" exclaimed Joe, answering the question in a way of his own. "You know me too well, to my inmost heart and soul, to need an answer to that. But I only thought that with womanhood might have come a woman's thoughts and aspirations." " It would be no woman's thought to break your heart, Joe," answered Winnie simply. "I would not break his either if I could help it, but I cannot give myself away twice. You are my strong big brother and my friend and my lover all In one. Do not think of obstacles, jj or of iyears of waiting, or of any thing but loviDg me. Wo can be happy in that at least. To all others I am the lady artiste, but to you I always feel as the little child that took your hand so trustfully through these streets in the dark years that are gone for ever, I hope. Oh, Joe, let us always be children to each other—al ways boy and girl in innocence and trust and purity, and loviog devotion, and then no such thoughts as these will ever come between us." "I know it was wrong in me to speak of it or think it," contritely answered Joe, taking Winnie's face between hi3 hands and kissing her reverently, " but the poorfello w looked so pitiful, and I thought it only fair to give him a chance, as he seems quite unable to speak for himself." So they went linking home together, look ing so bright and happy that Betsy audibly expressed a wish that Joe could be with them always, that he might keep! Winnie's cheeks as rosy and her step as light, a with which Joe echoed from his very heart's core. U was perhaps with this object in view that iv next day insisted on Winnie snatching an hour from her work? to get a breath of the fresh air in his company. While they were passing down the last stair together a carriage drawn by a splendid pair of horses rattled up to the spot, and in, the digaifisd-looki vx medical man who descended therefr;-:n Winnie recognised one against whom 3he h A often been warned, and whom she dimly remembered having seen or spoken to in the far off past. Dr. Allison stared at tee. as he always did when they met, wi;h a look of furtive dread and Winnie shrank past hurriedly without sign or recognition. " Who is that V asked Joe when the doctor had disappeared up the stair. " His name is Dr. Allison," was Winnie's simple answer. "Father will never speak of | him if he can help it, and mother positively hates him. I do net like his face myself, and never find myself near him without feeling a strong impulse to get as far away as possible. Once when I appeared in the Music Hall his malignant gaze so fascinated and overpowered me that I could not play a note till he wa3 gone. I understand that he is related to me | in some way ; but of course they are far too grtat to take any notice of us." i "Does he live there?" Joe asked after a i pause. | " Ob, no; they have a great house down in [ Queen-street, I think. They are very wealthy i rnd popular, and he has a great practice. He ! attends an old lady living beside us,and they j say she is to leave him all hermoney when she ! dies." I "Issbe related to him ?" gravely enquired [ Joe, | " Not at all; why ?" Winnie thought she i had never seen Joe so abstracted and strang9 | —almost stupid, she imagined. "Because the position is a queer one; it I anything happened—if the old lady were to j die suddenly—it would look bad, that's all," i said Joe absently. ! " There now, that's not what your'e think ing of at all," cried Winnie laughingly hold [ irg up a finger in admonition. "Tell me j 5 cur real thoughts." ! "I was thinking"—slowly responded Joe," ! " I was wonderiDg why the man should stare at me, as if he had been looking on a ghost risen from the grave. He is nothing to me, or I to him, and I never saw him in my life before." 