tl'HA T THEY TH IS K OF US IN ESGLASD. Under this heading the Courier contains among which are the following : — ' Mr. Hemmart'B position is not a pleasant one. He is the representative of tbe worst proceedings of the Muiiatrv, fur of all their acts the treatment of Mr. Thomas Archer was the least excusaMe. He was universally re garded as an upright and popular man, while Mr. Hemmant was only known on account of his charges against your late Premier. To everybody here tbe p'acinj Hemmant in Archer's place was so preposterously unfair that the cling Ag-nt -General was viewed with KUEpiciuu and distrust. It will be diffi cult for the Goverumeut to retrace that false step, for no one thinks they will have the wisdom to reinstate Archer.— I sincerely trnst that the fortbeotuiuc Australian loans will be a success, especially that of Queensland. So far as the uiuney market is concerned every thing is favourable. So f ai as finance is con cerned, your new Government has had wonderful luck. This time last year Queens land had not tbe ghost of a chance of floating a bii; loan. No*» any colony **?*ti place op*3 *'The tuore I go among people here the more do I find what a profound impression tbe electioQ of your Spealifcr haw made. Often now I hear disagreeable allusions to Queens land as the ' convict colony,' where old exiles are so numerous that they are deemed worthy of situations of honour in Parliament and elsewhere. I don't think anything ever done by an Australian Ministry so damaged the colony in the eyes of the English people as tliat unfortunate appointment of yoor Speaker. There is a feeling abroad, however, that it was the desperate work of an extreme party, and Mr. Griffith as its head had aroused tbe detestation of all QueenslanderG regret having accepted his appointment, for the resneet usnallv naid to an Affent-General lb not paid to him either at the Colonial Office or anywhere else. It is stated on good authority tliat he considered, after his reports were received in the colony as to the condition, of the office, that Mr. Archer would be allowed to resume work after his leave bad expired. ' Queensland is the favourite here of all the colonies. The American States of Georgia and Florida are very Uke Queensland in climate, and it is wonderful the amount of good settlement tha* is going on in them— -I mean of farmers with capital who, from the countries, are forced to leave England. Some of inv friends are interested much in the grants. They would all prefer coming to Queensland. America is not at all popular wiih fanning capitalists on a small scale, bet they do not see their way to farming in Queensland. Tbe chance in farming in Eng land is very noticeable in the last few years. You i^an travel for niii-*H in places through grass 6elds which I remember to have seen all under grain. Grain, with the American, Russian, and Indian competition does not pay tbe farmer, wbose only hope is meat. When 1 tell them the inevitable quantity that must in the next few years be sent from Australia they look very hopeless. ' A man named James EeOly, working as a fencer on Mr. Frost's station at Glenbower, comes to us {Champion) with what seems to be a very substantial grievance. Tbe contractor for the fencing at Glenbower tB one William Johnson, and his custom has been to pay the fencers with orders upon Mr. Frost instead of in cash. ReiUy received one of these orders for £9 10s. drawn out and signed in the regular way. Upon presentation of this order it was dishonored, Mr. Frost stating that Johnson had overdrawn the amount to which be was limited, and further that he (Mr. Frost) had publicly notified tiiat for the future orders drau-n upon him would not be recognised. Rcilly therefore summoned John son for the amount of the dishonest order, but was noneuited. This is rather hard upon Reilly, and we therefore think it right to tracts against accepting orders in payment of their u~ages, unless they are well assured that the contractor is an honest man. A nuKimTL accident (the OltovacU says) occurred at Muogar at 8 o'clock on Tuesday evening. Ai the timber train belonging to Messrs. Ramsay and Co.'s private railway was cumiog into the station, an elderly man niTn**d Edward Quirk, who was employed on the train, accidentally fell between two trucks on to the line, and a portion of the train passed over Him His left leggotontherail,theconBe quence being that it was practically cut off below the knee. His calk for assistance brought Mr. Armitage, the firm's local manager to the spot. He immediately placed a stiong. ligature on the leg to check heetnor liagc, and having csecn tbe unfortunate sufferer eonveved to his cottage hard by, rode into towu for medical aid Quirk, who bore his fate- with stoical indifference, is over sixty years of age, has been in the service of Messrs. Ramsay and Co. for many years, and has a wife «.mi grown-up family living at Mungar. It is hoped that the old fellow will escape with nothing worse than amputation, which appears to be inerrable. 