"TO BE CALLED FOE" (Continued.) nr. The libit of the Tlying Fish did not re cover from'the fright or the malady which had seized him. He wat one remove nearer to the end of hit time.now ; J knew as well as possible that he would never want his crutches any more, and that one of thefee fine days or nights he would be sailing cleitn away.. He knew it himself, I think, though the doctor had. not warned him. The doctor had left it to me, who was not likely to be a good hand at breaking to the old man such' news as that, and who did not care to tell him, aud thought it was as well not to tell him, as it was not likely to do him any good. I did ask him if he'd like to see the parson, and he swore at me with such easy fliiency tor the Buggestio:i, t!;at I thought for a minute or two he was getting rapidly better. Bat he wound up in a milder fashion. ; " Pareons ain't any good to me," he said, " are tlify 1 dou't think they are much.' " I a) ways bated parsons. I haven't seen one on my own accord since I was christened. I've kept out of their way.1' " Yes, you have." "I know I have," he added. "Icould have told the parson a blessed' sight more than he could, have ever told me. . And be tides, salt water deesn't mix with holy . water, does it ?" " 1 don't know." "No. Yon don't know much." ' He did not say any more that day.. Tfe ■ ' was very thoughtful at times how, as he had been on the night when he was spoken to. From the day.of his last illness to this—a fortnight afterwards nearly—be had never alluded to the girl who bad called at the Flying Fish, aud whom I had not set eyes on since.that stormy night. And yet I believe he was thinking of her a good deal, and of the message she had sent to him by me. Presently 1 knew he was thinking of her, And could think of nothing else. One day, and a very long and thoughtful day it was to him, he beckoned me to his bedside with his thick, crooked finger. He had got very hoarse, and there was a difficulty in making out all hesaid, hue I had managed it somehow during the morning and. aftor noin. " Martin," he croaked forth almost like a raven. " I don'c fancy I'm quite as well as usual to-night." " Perhaps it is fancy, uncle?" " Am I looking as well f I don't want ' any lies about it "I don't see much difference in you." "Theu I dou't suppose there is. You were never much of a liar, Martin. You have been over-particular that way, and that's bad for a man who means to stick to business, hard and fast " "I'm not so sure of that." "But I am, and that's enough, ain't it?" "All right," I said, although I knew it was all wrong, and so had begun lying on my own account. But I did not wish the old gentleman to get excited over any argument. "Giro him his own way," had been the. doctor's orders—" let him say and do wba't h# pleases." - ' "I know I aan nbt going to get over this, . Martin," my uncle said. " That's all square enough ; and I've had my innings, and don't grumble. Bnt, Martin, where the devil am I going to ?" For mercy's sake, dou't go on like this !" " I didn't reckon on her calling for me— on her waiting for me," he muttered. "Fancy her always with me afterwards,! It's awful!1' " Do you mean " Then I eatne to a full stop, but he under- ' stood me. " Yes, I mean that girl." " Bertha Keefelaod ?" "Yes, Bertha Keef eland." "How can she be waiting for you, uncle?" ] " Didn't Bhe come two weeks ago?" ; "Wily, yes." " She came out of her coffin, "he whispered, " and I was waiting for her that night. She had been upon niy mind all day. I couldn't get her out of my head. She was troubling it very much." "That's all nonsense," I cried. "She was flesh aud blood, I'll swear." He shook his head. " No, she wasn't," he said ; " how could she be »" I could not reason with him. He was so convinced to the contrary, and I was per plexed and gooseflesliy. Certainly Bertha Keefeland bad mysteriously disappeared alter giving inc the message of my uncle, but people are always disappearing and being advertised for, and turning up again. Aud this might have been a practical joke, only—aud then 1 thought of a sandal-wood box, which was upstairs, and had been up stairs for years, on the top of a tall double chest of drawers belonging to my uncle, and the mystery of it was beyond my fathoming. But he let in the light upon it presently, aud it was a red light warning him of danger —a light as red aB blood. " Sue couldn't have been flesh and blood, Martin," he went on slowly, " for six years ago, when you were away in London once, she came into this house, into that shop downstairs., just as she did a fortnight since, said she was Bertha Keefelaud, aud had called for the box her father had left with me." "Good gracious !" " She was tall and thin, and pals, with glass crosses in her ears, and she knew very litile English, and spoke it very badly. Js that the girl ?" "It answers the description," I answered, with a shudder. " Well, she has called again, that's all." " Yes, she's certainly callod again," he re peated, grimly. " Well, then " " But," he added with a look which I shall never forget, and which silenced me at once —a look which comes to me often aud ofter in my sleep, still, and given me awful night mares. "I killed her on the night she called to see me first, and for three days her body lay behind the big vat in the cellar where the whisky is, until one dark night I | took it down to the beach, and the sea carried | it away for me, and there was an end of it, I thought. An end ! As if there can ever be an end to things like that—as if she was not to come back sume day just as she has done. I feel that's a clean breast of it, Martin, and you're not the man to put a rope round my neck for telling you ; not vou." "No. Not I." I stood and. looked at him, and wondered if he were raving at last—for I did notthink there were many more hours of life in him, aud his senses might have left him first, as they will do sometimes, perhaps out of politeness. Could it be possible, I thought, that my uncle was a murderer, that this was true, and that Bertha .lveefelaud of a fortnight since Was a spirit from another world ? Were there, after all, such things as ghosts to walk the earth and avenge the deeds which made them so ? To look upon this agitated, earnest old man waB to believe it almost. It seemed so awfully like the truth cominc from those thin, white lips. And presently I did not even doubt it. " I don't mind telling you the rest of it, Martin; you'll understand then why I haven't left you any money in my will. It's more than twenty years ago when Caspar Keefeland and I were friends first—when he fell sicl; one day, in this very roum, and was afraid lie should die before lie got back to his native village, und the wife and baby he had li ft behind liiin there. He travelled a good ileal between Russia and England, and always put up at the Flying Fish, The , very laBt time 1 am talking about—when he I .waft ill, that is—hehad bronght with him a box made of sandal-wood, & legacy, he told me, from a rich relation who had died in London that year. Before he left Deal he got the notion into his head that he should die before he reached home, and so he asked me to take care of the box and itscontente, being pretty sure bis mates would stiok to it if he shouldn't-live to get off "shipboard. flTor some reason, too, he did not want his wife' to know of this' at present. ' It'll be a sn'r-' prise to her somis day,' lie said,' 'and for Bertha. Ill leave' it with you to bB called for, Sam,' he said; ''it's- Bafe with you as with the Bank of England. Bertha shall come here for it some day, when she grows to be a woman—that's time enough. I don't want for anything now; I may then. I oan trust you, Sam, and I can only trust you, to keep it safe for her, And if I should die before I get home you'll take it to Germany yourself. Say that's a promise ?' And I Baid it was a promise. So it waB." " Well ?" I gasped. " Oo on." " But Casper did get home, though he was taken worse oh the journey. He was never fit for much work again. He was something like I've been of late year, lad, I'd heard—a staring figure-head, a stuffed Guy Fawkes, a scarecrow of the cussedest. But he sent me one line, which somebody wrote for him: .'Keep it till called for, 'it said, " till Bertha comes,' and I kept it." " And she came?" "Yes. Don't, be in a'hurry; you're always in such a. beastly hurry," he said: " I haven't told you what was in the box." "Did you know?" " One night I broke it open. " Oh !" " I wasn't particular; I never was over particular," he said; "and I'wanted to be sure what Caspar was making all this fusB about. And there were diamonds and large gold bits of foreign money, and then more diamonds in the queerest settings. Xbey fetched a lot of money." "Did you sell them ?" " I was in difficulties," he continued. "I had been tried for smuggling. There were heavy expenses for my'defence, and heavier' fines to pay, and I.wanted money badly. When I wanted money badly I always got it somehow; and Keefeland's jewels came in handy." " That was dreadful." " Old Keefcland took no notice, and no body called for the property. I thought he must have forgotten to tell anybody, about it," he went on.; " that he had gone off for good without telling wife or child—that he had thought I might as well have the things .is anybody else. He was so very fond of me." " I wonder why that was?" I said. " You mind your own business, and wonder at what I've got to tell you," growled my uncle. "That'll be quite enough," he added with a shudder, which lasted so long that I thought he would shudder himself out of the world, and so put an end to himself before his story. But he. suddenly rallied, and went, on— "One night, though, she did come— Bertha Keefeland, at the same time, on the same sort of night as the last, the wind roar ing down the street, and skaking all the windows. She walked into the place, and asked m'e for the box just as she asked you, and I' would have sooner seen her ghost then. God knows I did not know what to do. I had sold the jewels and the foreign money. I could only see a prison for me, and—aud I was always a desperate fellow in my heart of hearts. I asked her to step into the next room—the room close to the bar, which ! alwas keep locked. You guess now why?.and—and—but I've told you all the rest. You know—you know I and you have seen her risen from the dead. And she will come once more for me, too; we shall see her walk into this room again, ynu and I together; now, mark my words. That's what I am waiting for." " Oh, don't get that into your head." "And I,shouldn't like you to be put of the way when she calls for me instead of the box. I'm to be called for now, so don't leave me, Martin, not for a moment, there's a dear, good lad." 