CONFERENCE OF THE CLERGY, ASSEMBLY WEEK, 1883. Fibst Day, 12th December. A conference of clergy of the diocese during the session of the Assembly was held in the schoolroom of Christ Church Pro-Cathedral, on the 12th December, under the presidency of the Bishop. There were also present the Archdeacon of Warrnambool, the Revs. W. H. H. Adeney, J. C. P. Allnutt, A. Allnutt, J. W. Ball, H. H. Barren, Colin Campbell, R. T. Cummins, E. H. Du Bois, W. H. Howell, C. Harris, Julius Lewis, J. E. F, May, H. C. E. Morris, J. M'Farlane, T. M'Cormick, J. Norton, J. Onyons, C. L. H. Rupp, T. Sabine, W. Swinburne, J. M. Watson, J. Wagg, W. Wilkinson, S. Walker. After introductory remarks by the President, the Rev. R. T. Cummins read a paper on ' The Reader System, and How to Improve It.' For a certain prejudice which existed against the Reader system two reasons were assigned — (1) its novelty ; (2) the frequent want, on the part of Readers, of that discretion which would com mend their office to acceptance. A latitude had been allowed to Readers which had resulted in the vitiation of the system. The desirability of the Reader's residing near the superintending clergy man, and enjoying the advantage of regular supervision, was pointed out. The district served might to some extent suffer by his non -residence, but the loss would be more than compensated for by the increased influence which one who had submitted to experienced training would exert. The Reader's duties should be clearly defined, and strictly confined to his proper office. Readers should not preside at vestry or committee meetings, or be mixed up in the secular affairs of the Church. The dress of the Reader was of importance, the garb assumed by some being even more clerical in appearance than that of many clergymen. This, besides misleading the public, had often the result of fostering vanity and self- importance in the Reader. The advancement of the Reader in his studies was most vital, but aid and direction would doubtless be forthcoming when the student was in earnest. A point of considerable importance was— What sermons should be used by the Reader? The superintending clergy. man was responsible for the utterances of the Reader placed under him, but it was impossible for him to be so if extempore preaching were permitted ; while the use of sermons by eminent men, copied out by the Reader, not only proved misleading, but would, not unfre quently, place the clergyman in a position inferior to his subordinate, and the speaker thought it better that such sermons should be read from a book without being copied. The following paper on the same subject was read by the Rev. J. C. P. Allnutt:— It is an exceeding comfort, in these days of fretful changes, bold alterations, and brand-new experiments, to remember how strong we are, and how rich we are, in things that are tried, and good, and old. Without further preface, let us remind ourselves that the office of Reader, of late years revived, is almost as old as the three orders of the Christian ministry. Fifteen hundred years ago at least there were Readers in the Greek and Latin Churches. So saith Burn in his Ecclesiastical Law, quoted by Bishop Perry in his paper on the Office of Readers ; but for the germ and fore shadowing of the office might we not go back even to the Holy Land ? . . ? . And now I am asked by our Bishop, and therefore in the providence of God it falls to my lot, to say something about the Reader system of to-day, and how it can be improved. I confess to considerable trepidation ; and yet I speak right on, not in elaborate fashion, but simply touching on one or two points that I feel to be of the utmost importance. It seems to me that the kevnote sroverniner the whole tune, thf- very centre and pivot, upon which everything depends, is that the Reader shall be the nominee of the clergyman, not as a matter of form, but as a matter of fact. I see wisdom radiating at every point from Bishop Perry's old saying to his clergy, which ran somewhat in this form : — ' My brethren, you must stand between me and the Readers. I can have nothing to say to them. It is for you to satisfy yourselves as to their character and fitness, and if they pass my chaplain's examination I will appoint them on your recommendation. But from beginning to end, remember, I hold you responsible for them, ' That was the old way, and it worked well — well in a thousand ways, but I shall mention only two. 1\. It was well for the Angel of the diocese — i.e., the Bishop. He it is who in God's providence haB to oversee — to float, as it were, between heaven and earth— to looh over, and to have the care of, all the churches ; and to be in special communication not so much with the laity as with the elders of the churches, the priests, the ministers of the Lord, the stars in His hand, shining with His light, the ' messen gers, stewards, and watchmen of the Lord, called by the Holy Ghost to teach and premonish, to feed and provide for the Lord's family.' And now let me at last give wing to kindly thoughts that longhave struggled to be free. Our Poet-Bishop — whose most beautiful gifts of heart and brain — whose songs of the Beloved, sweet and full, if vndis turbed, would cheer and hearten us all — whose counsels Godward ' in great matters' might bring us help, and strength, and stay — has from the very first moment of landing on these shores had far too much work to do of the wrong sort, — just as the great lawgiver of Israel, the Prophet Moses, had until Jethro, the Arab sheik, gave his advice, and the man of God. following \t. hp.r.simp. atmncrp.r frn-m tha.h very hour,— -just as the Apostles had until they came to a full stop, and would do no more, declaring that it was ' not reason that they should leave the Word of God and serve tables.' And they came to so full a stop that they would not even look out the deacons, but said to the people, ' Look ye out' — (that is your responsibility) — we will only ' appoint.' So I submit that — as in the Church in the wilderness, and as in the Church at Jerusalem, and as in the English Church at home, and as in the American Church, and as, I suppose, in the Holy Church throughout the world, and as in all armies and all navies— those in highest office and command Bhould be shielded, or set free from all labours that may be safely committed to other hands. And I think that, as far as Eeaders are concerned, the Bishop should, in all the earlier stages at least, deal with them only through their incumbents, and say to us in effect what Pharaoh said to the son of Jacob : ' Thou art Joseph, and without thee shall no man lift hand or foot in all the land of Egypt.' Then, secondly, my impression is that this state of things would be better for the Eeaders. Where is the common foot-soldier who ?would not be spoiled if he were enlisted by the hing, instead of by the recruiting sergeant ? Fancy a sailor having from the very start the ear of the admiral 1 How could he ever submit to be brought into shape after that? It is hardly in human nature. But this is the kind of thing that is in human nature. Case No. 1.— A young man is sent to me as a Eeader. He has made no application. He is sent. The very first glance of his eye says : 'Now, you must. treat me with some degree of deference, you know.' The very first all too gentle pressure of his hand conveys a caution. He walks as a man who has held conference with a king. You receive him with as much kindness as you can command, and in due time speak of the district work. ' Oh,' says he, ' I understand that I am to cut out iny own work'.'' Then said I — for I am telling a true story — ' Will you kindly send off a telegram for me 1' and I take a form and write: — 'Mr. So-and-so declines to act under my guidance. Is lie to hold an independent position?' I said he might read the telegram going along. But before reaching the post-office he returned to me and explained, and we smiled ourselves into a better frame of mind, and the matter passed ; but the air gradually became thick with difficulties. My piety, e.g., was entirely put into the shade by his ; for, without consulting me, he would freely attend nonconformist prayer-meetings, and I could say nothing — how could 1 1 Some may say why should I ? Exactly ! And that was what I thought. It seemed to me that there was a good deal of piety in the young fellow, and that it would be a pity to repress it, especially as the repressing of it would have brought me into hot water with my non conformist brethren and others. And so things went on, but I regret to say that the Reader wound up most disastrously for the district and for himself. . Now, I say if that young man had been my son Timothy, or somebody else's son Timothy, and had applied to me, and looked to me, and consulted with me, and read, and wept, and prayed, and laughed with me, and depended on me ; and if we had both depended on God's upholding grace together, things might have been very different — better for him by far, and better for the flock over which the Holy Ghost hath, as I humbly trust, made me overseer. Of course I might have drawn some very pleasant pictures of Eeaders, now clergymen, who are, I may say, brilliant successes, in spite of the new system— grand fellows, who are doing right good work in the diocese— men whose hearts and minds are well in tune. And their manners, too. Some men, as we know, get tuned up for a particular occasion, like a harp, soon to fall back and be quite another thing when the occasion is past — e.g., Case No. 2. — A farmer asks : ' Who is that Eeader you have sent to us 1 I can't make him out.' ' Why, what's the matter with him ?' ' Oh, I don't know. He don't seem to me to shape much like a parson.' 'Why not?' ? ' Well, I'll tell you one thing : he walks up and down our house with his hat on, and he don't talk like a parson a bit. You say you didn't send him down 1 Who did, then, if you didn't?' It may be objected that that was the sharp criticism of a labouring man. Exactly. But listen next to another opinion from a highly educated Christian lady : ' Whoever is that man ? His manners are shocking. He flatly contradicts you at table, and calls my grown-up daughters by their Christian names. I could not help saying : ' Really, Mr. Blank, I am not accustomed to hear my daughters spoken of in that way.' ' And so the lady asks, ' Wherever did you get him from ?' Now, what could I say either to the lady or to the Reader ? Under the circumstances, had I a right to say anything in particular, except that, ' No doubt he is a good fellow, you know ; sure to turn out a diamond, although a little rough just now,' and so on ? For loyalty's sake I could hardly say more, hardly less. To be delicate I had to be dumb ; and even now, if I had not been asked to read this paper the cat would not have got out of the bag. But I beg very distinctly to say that these are not reflections on the Bishop, but on the new system, upon which, allow me to remind you, I have been invited to Buggest improvements. And I say there iB little hope of improving a soldier whom the king instead of the recruiting sergeant has enlisted, or a sailor who from the day he steps on board has direct instructions from the admiral. Human nature can bear no such strain as that. I do not profess to have shed much light upon this subject. I have left a good deal for abler hands. But I think I have made it sufficiently plain that a Eeader should begin at the beginning, and wear no spurs until he has won thern- To my mind we want two classes of Eeaders: — 1 . Those who find their dreams fulfilled in occupying a lowly office for the dear sake of their Lord Jesus. Capable, but unambitious, middle-aged men ; men who will neither ape the clergyman, nor lower the clergyman's office in the eyes of the people. Such., men I have known and reverenced. They were often the stamp of men who in the old days held congregations together until the places ripened into cures. 2\. Then, secondly, in young Eeaders who look forward to the ministry we want to Bee isurely the budding of such gifts and graces as St. PauLbMs-Timothyiand Titus to look for in candidates for the higher ministry. Power of sanctified intellect is, no doubt, a very grand thing indeed ; but St. Paul, who was very eminent for that, seems to have been more anxious about power of faith and love. What, for example, was the attraction in Timothy? St. Paul was drawn towards Timothy because of his 'unfeigned faith' for one thing, because of his deep feeling for another, 'being mindful of thy tears.' And what was the crowning reason ? Was it not his hnoivledge of Holy Scripture ? The Church wants biddable young men, with sound minds in fairly sound bodies (although Timothy was not over-strong) ; men whose long Sunday rides will never secularise them, because, after hard, gallops, they will pull up and wipe the sweat from their faces and pray to God for gift and grace to minister aright, and straight receive supply for all their need ; for He who keeps the sea-bird calm on tossing waves, or lightly lifts her up to soar above them all, will make them independent of circumstances; Lip may be touched and heart may burn far away from all remindings of ' minster transept, where lights like glories fall, and the organ rings, and the choir sings,' for ' Christ is a substitute for everything' Oh for young men of the Jonathan type, who will strip themselves of robe and sword, of bow and girdle, for the David, the Christ of their heart's love 1 They are the men for us to beckon out and to cherish, and to help forward in every possible way ; men who would never hear the miserable proverb, ' Self-preservation is the first law of nature,' without, as Christian 'soldiers,' quietly saying to themselves, 'Yes, but self-preservation is the very last law of grace.' ' He that loseth his life shall find it.' Archdeacon Beamish thanked Mr. Allnutt for his paper. He saw no objeotion to Eeaders preaching transcribed sermons. His habits should be matters of advice. Saturday should always be employed by the Eeader in preparation for Sunday, and Monday should be observed as a holiday. The Rev. J. W. Arnold thought that the difficulty of the author ship of sermons not being known by the congregation might be obviated by the name of the author being given by the Eeader before commencing his sermon. He also thought that some dedicatory service should be used on the appointment of Readers. The Rev. J. W. Ball said that such a service had been authorised by the late Archbishop Tait. The Rev. W. Stvlnburne concurred with Mr. Arnold on this, point. The Bishop said that it might answer the purpose if his license were publicly read by the Reader on his appointment. The Rev. J. M. Watson concurred in the views of the Archdeacon in regard to sermons. The object of the appointment of a Eeader was two-fold — the good of the man and the good of the Church ; and every effort should be made to secure both. The Eeader should receive special training in the art of public speaking, and should be brought more under the control of his superintending clergyman than at present, a careful journal of his work being submitted at regular intervals for his perusal and cotmtersignature. The Ren. H. C. E. Morris would like to say a few words on the other side. His own experience had led him to feel that no one would be more heartily glad of supervision and help than a good Reader, but often he sought for it in vain, and being forced to do the best they could without supervision and without advice was the very thing the Eeaders felt deeply and would like to have altered. He did not look upon Readers as at all a terrible class of men, requiring so many statutes of limitation, but would rather urge upon the clergy the great claims of the Eeaders on their sympathy, encouragement, and fatherly guidance. The only improvement likely ro raise, the standard of men offering for this work would be for the work itself to offer higher inducements. TJie Rev. J. B. F. May gave his experience of Eeaders, and spoke of the necessity of systematic study on the part of those who desired to become able ministers of the New Testament. The Rev. J. Norton thought that it was not always desirable that Eeaders should look for ordination. ' ; The President said that the Conference was deeply indebted to the gentlemen who had so ably responded to his invitation to read papers on this important subject. He should ask those gentlemen to allow him to have those papers for the publication of extracts. With reference to much that had been said by the gentlemen who read the papers, they appeared to have been scarcely cognisant of a tract, entitled ' Practical Counsel s for Eeaders,' which he had issued soon after coming to the diocese, and was given to every Eeader, and which contained definite advice and caution on most of the points they had touched upon. No doubt, however, much good would come from what had been said. With reference to one point touched upon by his friend Mr. Allnutt, he would remark that those who knew all the practical difficulties of administering a young and struggling diocese would understand how impossible it was, and would for some time to come be, for the Bishop of Ballarat to dissociate himself altogether from the routine and detail working of the diocese. Second Day, 13th December. Present : the Bishop, in the chair, Archdeacon Beamish, the Eevs. Messrs. Allanby, Allnutt, Adeney, Allnutt (A.), Ball, Barren, Camp« bell, Cummins, Du Bois, Harris, Howell, Lewis, M'Cormick, M'Farlane, May, Norton, Swinburne,' Eupp, Onyons, Walker, Wilkinson. The Rev.J. ~E. F. May opened the subject : ' Our Work in SchoolB.' He said : — An apology is due from me for laying before the Con ference embryo ideas, especially on the Relation of the Clergy to State-schools, before they have struggled into articulate expression. My standpoint is that of an Englishman, simply conversant with higher English education. I venture only to suggest the temper in which we should approach the subject. (1.) Humility. — Glancing at the English public schools a few years ago, when the principal masters were in Holy Orders, did we — the clergy — duly use the oppor tunities afforded us ? If not, might the present state of things be regarded a8 a judgment upon us ? (2.) Charity. — Owing to our position of conscientious protest against the exclusion of the Bible, are we not sometimes liable to injure our cause by unfair criticisms of the existing schools? Eather let us begin by generously according the praise that is their due. Let us acknowledge the active -interest taken by many of the teachers in Church work, and not underrate their religious influence over the pupils. The efficient staff of teachers and the general intelligence of the scholars are matters for congratu lation, and certainly the working men of Victoria will compare very favourably with those of England. Again, in dealing with the lately broached subject of immorality, let us not shut our eyes to the awlul vice prevalent in the large towns, and also in agricultural districts, too (vide 'Clouds over Arcadia,' ai tide in the Nineteenth Century ' of October, 1883), at home, and not charge all this terrible evil on the 'secular system.' Lastly, let us work quietly and steadily; use every opportunity afforded us, and prayerfully hope for more. The Rev. J. Harris alluded to the recent State-school scandal, and for reasons which he particularised pointed out that it was not imperative to conclude that the state of things exposed necessarily implied immorality on the part of the children. The Rev. J. Macfarlane excused himself from being able to comply with the Bishop's special invitation to take part in the discussion. The Rev. Colin Carnal/ell resented the idea that clergymen in the past had been negligent of their duty in the matter of instructing the young, and said that this was a departmental cry got up by an inspector for political purposes. The work had been done so far as the time and strength of the clergy would allow, and would be done again. Some special agency, however, was needed to reach a class of youth who had passed beyond school age, and who now, for want of better occupation, were too often to be found at street corners, smok ing and indulging in practices the reverse of desirable. He described the efforts which had been made in his own parish to counteract the evil, but felt that something more than he was able to do was needed. The Rev. E. H. Du Bois thought that a wise discretion had been exercised in not announcing too broadly the subject that had been discussed, as it was well known that the ventilation of such subjects too frequently resulted in an increase of the very sins it was desired to check. The revelations which had recently been made at the Church Congress at Derby called for increased vigilance on the part of those who had the care of souls, and who might be really and extensively useful in this department if they would acquaint them selves with the work to be done, and the best method of doing it. With regard to the work of religions education, he by no means took a pessimist view, and thought that good and useful work was being carried on by their own Church in that very city. The Rev. J. Onyons was of opinion that the proposed method of imparting religious instruction under the new regulations would prove a dead letter in country districts. The Rev. H. C. E. Morris spoke of the necessity of co- operation oh the part of the laity if success was to be achieved in the plan ' recently proposed for giving religious instruction. Arrangements had been matured for so doing throughout the large district in which be resided ; the various ministers had worked well together, and he was hopeful of the result. Third Day, 14th December. ^Subject: Perfectly Free and Open : for Questioning and Sugges tions. '.Mr. May suggested- that special preachers be appointed for advocating the Sustentation Fund — e.g., members of the Diocesan Council. A more frequent interchange of pulpits among the clergy was desirable. Mr. Cunimins thought the suggestion valuable. , Mr. Adeney was in sympathy with interchange in preaching, but the meauB of carrying it out were in the hands of the clergy. They had perfect control and liberty in the matter. Archdeacon Beamish : To occupy the pulpits of the parochial clergy Without their sanction was a revolutionary proceeding. Mr. Ciimmins explained that this was not proposed. Mr. Campbell said that when the number of Archdeacons was com pleted, ' their usefulness might be great in this direction. It was properly their work. The Bishop thought Mr. Campbell's was one solution of the ques tion raised. It would be difficult to withdraw clergy from their parishes frequently. Would it not be desirable to have a Bishop's Travelling Chaplain to relieve and to advocate special funds ? Mr. Campbell thought that such a man, of preaching power and working as an Evangelist, would be of immense value. '? Mr. Bell adverted to the isolated circumstances of some of the clergy. More friendly advance and brotherly love was needed on the part of neighbours, especially seniors. Mr. Campbell suggested rural deaneries. .The Bishop thought things were scarcely ripe for this. . Mr. Harris iisked whether the clerical meetings in Ballarat were to be continued ? Mr. Campbell explained that such meetings had been held lately on council days. , Mr. Rupp thought the country clergy especially needed such opportunities. Gatherings of district clergy at stated times for devotion and conference would be very valuable. Mr. Adeney suggested that the senior clergymen of the district might convene them. The Bishop said that meetings had been tried on the occasion of his own visitp, but with scanty success. The great distances required to be travelled made a difficulty. Mr. J. C. P. Allnutt remarked that the Freemasons and others did not consider distance in their desire to attend meetings. Conversation followed on Sunday -schools. The Diocesan Sunday-School Association was commended to sup port. Uniformity of teaching and action in Sunday-schools were desirable, and clergy should strengthen the association by co operating with it. There was no department of work more important. The Bishop asked whether the clergy could suggest amendments in the details of Registry business. He instanced the compilation of the statistics. Some of the clergy failed to complete these. Was there any objection to the questions ? If not, he hoped the clergy would fill up the forms sent in their entirety. Again, in the matter of marriage licenses, it was important that the slips and fees should be promptly remitted. Mr. Ball thought it was inconvenient to remit these immediately. He had sent them quarterly, or half-yearly. The Bishop said it was a good rule to discharge at the earliest moment any responsibility in respect to money not one's own. Mr. Watson, in reply to an invitation addressed to him to speak, said that he never issued a license, and often dispensed with banns. Mr. Adeney thought this wrong to the brethren, and wrong to the Bishop. No one should be a law to himself in a matter of this kind. Mr. Watson had obtained legal opinion against the present practice of issuing licenses. Archdeacon Beamish ; At a General Synod at Sydney all the Bishops gave it as their opinion that there were only two ways in which clergy could celebrate marriage, viz : — (1) by banns, (2) with Bishop's consent. The former dated from the thirteenth century. Marriages were celebrated by Bishop's consent before that. Clergy cannot legitimately marry at all except by authority of the Church. Mr. Watson remarked that he was registered to perform marriage by the State, and had no right to exact other conditions than the State prescribed. Mr. Adeney : But only so registered because the Church submitted his name. Mr. J. C. P. Allnutt: There were circumstances under which clergy ought to be free to marry without either banns or license — e.g., improper relations. It was pointed out in reply that in special cases the Bishop could authorise the remission of fees for licenses altogether. Mr. Adeney remarked that the clergy had all accepted the condi tions imposed on surrogates to issue marriage licenses. . Mr. Cummins apprehended that they were in honour bound to con form to the rules of the diocese. The late Dr. Russell's practice having been referred to, Archdeacon Beamish said he conformed to diocesan rules on receiving priest's orders. Mr. Campbell said there was great loss to the Church by reason of the marriage regulations. Many wished to be married in the house. The Bishop saw no justification for abandoning the prayer-book practice of marrying in the church, except where the church was beyond reach. Mr. Campbell submitted that there was a distinction between the sacraments and other rites of the Church. In baptising without a congregation they were departing from her spirit and intention. We were bound, he thought, to make a stand in this case, but might waive the point in the case of marriage. Mr. Rupp agreed that loss accrued by insisting on marriage in church. Mr. Cummins would positively refuse to marry in a house. Reverting to the question of licenses — Tlie Bishop hoped the clergy would set their faces against disregard of diocesan regulations. Mr. Watson said it was with him a matter of conscience. If legal opinion went against him he would submit. The Bisliop: Mr. Watson's duty seemed to be to leave the responsi bility for a diocesan regulation of this kind to the Bishop. The Bishop had sent Mr. Watson's name to the State, in the persuasion that the laws of the Church in this regard would be complied with by him. If he could not comply with them, he should ask the Bishop to have his name withdrawn. Surely his present position was a false one. Archdeacon Beamish: How could it be illegal, in marrying in the Church of England, to comply with her traditional requirements? Mr. Cummins had little doubt that the strictness of the clergy reduced their marriages, but this could not be helped. He illustrated this by a case known to him of laxity in marrying a minor, on the part of -a Ballarat registrar, and he feared such cases were not altogether uncommon. The Bishop asked Mr. Watson whether he held that a clergyman in this colony was bound on demand to celebrate marriage with a deceased wife's sister ? Mr. Watson thought he could only refuse in the case of divorced persons. The Bishop would advise the clergy to brave any consequences, rather than act on this principle. The Bishop then asked whether the clergy recommended the reduction of license fees to (say) 10s. It had been suggested as desirable. Mr. Harris cited the diocese of Sydney, where no fees whatever were charged for licenses. The Bishop said he had been under the impression that licenses in. that diocese were cheap, but not free. Mr. Ciimmins thought it desirable to reduce the license fee to £2 2s., with liberty to reduce further in case of poverty, &c.; Mr. Adeney deprecated bargaining in these matters, and preferred a uniform rule. The Conference then closed. 