DEA.THS FROM FREGHT. The distinction between fright and fear ought always be borne in mind. Fear can be mastered by an effort; fright has come and gone before the brain has had time to come to the conclusion that an effort is possible. There is no fear in human beings so strong as the fear ofduath, and yet there h uo passion in the mind of man/ sajs Bacon, truly enough,' so weak that it mates and masters the fear of death. Revenge triumphs over death ; love slights it ; honor aspireth to it; grief flieth to it; fear occupieth it.' Pity, which is the tendercst of passions, led many to kill themselves from compassion for Otho's suicide. Even ' taedium vitae, ' mere utter weariness of do:ng the same thin* over aud over agaiu, will lea'i n man to ddy his inborn fear of death. But what passion can guard against fright ? A Jew, according to Lodovicus Vives, once crossed a narrow plank over a torrent in the dark, and, visiting the place the next day, saw the extremity of his last night's risk, an/1 died — of what! Not of fear, obvious'y, because mere was nommg to oe airaid or, Out possibly of fright. So again persons have been known who always fainted at the scent of certain flowers, notably that of May b!o som ; but it woulJ be ridiculous to accuse them of being afraid of hawthorn. Doctor Francis, of the Indian Medical contingent tells of a drummer who mas suddenly aroused from his s'eep by something crawling over his nuked legs He imagined that it was a cobra, and his friends, collected by the out cry, thought so too; and he was treated accordingly. Incantations, such as arc customary with the nativos on these occasions, were res -rted to, and the poor fellow was flagellated with twisted cloths on the arms and legs in view partly to arouse him, but principally to drive out the evil influence (spirit) that for the time being had taken pos session of him. With the first dawu of light the cause of fright was discovered intheshapeof a harmless lizar.l, which was lying crushed smd half killed by the side of the poor drummer : but it was too late, From the moment that he belieyd that a poisonous snako had bitten him he passed into an increas ing collapse until he died. Tlio drum mer was not a strong lad, and the shock was too much for him. The most remarkable death from the accident of fright whs that of the Dutch painter Renlman, in the seven teenth century. Ifc was at work on a picture, in which wore represented several lieath-lieads.grinniu^ skeletons and other objects calculated io inspire the beholder with a contempt for the vanities and i'yilies of the daj\ In urder to do his work better ho went to an anatomical room and used it for a studio. Ono sultry day, as he was drawing thfse melancholy relics of mortality by which he was surroun-leJ lie fell off into a quiet sleep, from which he was suddenly aroused. Imagine his horror at beholding the skulls and bones dancing around him like mad, and the skeletons which hung from the ceilinz dashing them selves together. Panic-stricken, be rushed from the room and threw him self headlong from the window on to the pavement below. He sufficiently recovered to learn that the cause of his fear was a slight earthquake, but bis nervous system had received s - severe a shock that he died in a few davs. Frederick I. of Prussia was killed by an accident of fear. He was one day sleeping in an arm chair, when his wife Lousia of Mecklenburg, who had for some time been hopelessly insane, escaped from her keepers, and made her way to the king's private apart ment. Breaking through a glass door she dabbled herself in blood, and, iu a raging fit of delirium cast herself upon the king. Ths latter, who was not awara of the hopelessness of her insanity, was so horrified at the ap pearance of a woman clad in linen and covered with blood that he imagined with superstition characteristic of the age, tbat it was the White Lady, wuo83 ghost, according to a time of tradition, invariably appeared when death was around the house of Brand euburg. He was seized with a fever, and died in six weeks. 