THE PROPOSED TIMBER DUTIES. PÜBUO MEETING. IN answer ta a numerously signed requisition tho Mayor (Àldormsn Williamson), called a publio meeting, which was held in the hall of tho School of Arts lost night, to consider the proposals of tho sawmillers of Maryborough that import duties should be imposed on foreign timber. There was a limited atten- dance. The MAYOR took the chair and explained tho objeot of the meeting, and said it was for the audience to enter their protest against the proposed impost or deolaro in favour of it ; or do whatever they thought most advisable for the best interests of the oolony. He apologised fpr tbesbsenoeof Mr, Henry Jones, who had another meeting to attend and could not be there on any acoonnt, though Mr. Jones had requested him to Bay ne was deoidedly opposod to any duty being imposed on timber from any of the other oolonies indeed, from any part of the world. He would if possible repeal the ad valorem duty, and have free trade between the oolonies. (Applause.) His (the Chairman's) own opinion coincided with that of Mr. Jones. (Applause.) He was in favour of free-trade, and an unrestricted interchange of products between all the oolonies and the better it would be for each. HeBhould be sorry to see any Ministry imposing Buch a duty on any artiole like that proposed by the saw mill owners of Maryborough. He had been reared in the distriot where the principles of free trade had been fought for and won in England. He hod some recol- lection of the large meetings that used to be held ; and of the eloquent speeohes which were delivered by euoh orators and politicians and Messrs. R. Cobden, John Bright, Milner Gibson, W. J. Fox, and others on the benefits and principles of Free Trade. Ho fully be liovoa in the principles laid down by Adam Smith in his " Wealth of Nations," that the interchange of commodities and trade should be es freo between the oountries of tho world as it was between English counties. Spooking frankly, he was opposed to the duties on timber coming here. He thought tho Maryborough merchants had already enjoyed a sufficient monopoly, yet they had nover been able ta supply enough timber to meet the demands of the local market, Now, when other people had come to tho Queensland market and placed their goods before them, and had shown they were oblo to supply the market with timber at a reasonable rate, the Maryborough people stepped in end said " We must stop this trade, and the Government must impose theso taxes, and enable us to keep up our prices." (Hear, hoar, and applause.) What did that tax mean ? It meant that he or any one else who wanted timber, must pay one, two, or three shillings more than they had done for every hundred feet of timber used in tho construction of a house He was a thorough boliover io the principle that they should buy as cheaply as they could, and sell what they had to dispose of at tho best possible price. (Applause). Mr. G. S. CURTIS, auctioneer, moved the first resolution which was as follows :-" That this meeting, being of tho full conviction that the placing of au import duty on foreign timber landed at the various Queensland ports, as proposed by tho Maryborough saw millers, would injuro fatally the growth of unimpor- tant and rapidly increasing trade with New Zoaland, and elsewhere- Eosolvo that a countor petition bo prepared and proscnted to the Government, praying that no such duty be imposed, and that thc request of tho Maryborough saw millers bo not complied with." As waB explained by the Chairman, and by advertisement in the local papers, that meeting bad been called to consider the action taken by the Maryborough sawmill owners who proposed to increase the duty on foreign timber. The proposition to be made to the Government appeared to bo most absurd, and one tbat no Ministry could possibly entertain. Ho did not suppose tho present Government would entertain it. The decision of the Mary- borough mill-owners had boen spoken about, and it was thought by a number of gentle- men that it would not bo out of place for Rockhampton people to meet and express their views on it, so that the Government might not bc led astray. The Maryborough men had enjoyed a monopoly too long, and their proposition to Government was to give thom again tho monopoly of the timber trade, and make the public pay for it. (Applause.) They had enjoyed, and still did so, a certain privileges, but they were not satisfied. Tlioy did not say so, but they wished to prevent any shipments of timber coming hore It would not, therefore, be very difficult to come tu tho conclusion as to whether it wodli! bc advantageous to the public of Queensland at large to allow the petition to pass unnoticed. They did not wish to see a stick come here. It would be vory well for thc sawmill owners, but bad for colonists generally. (Ap- plause). The privilege they enjoyed was this -They had the advantage of five per cent ad vilorum duty on thc foreign shipments, so that shippers from places outside the oolouy had not only to pay that duty, but bad to defray thc extra cost of freight, and the expenses inci- dental in realising on the cargocB. If they conld not carry on without any moro privileges than they bad now they had bettor turn their hands to something cleo. (Applause.) . What was tho state of affairs boforo tho Bhipmonts from New Zealand com- menced to arrive. The /act of tho matter was this-that although tho Maryborough sawmill proprietors placed a big price ou all their timber, yet thu supply was totally inadequate to thc demand. No matter how modest a building might be, at that timo it was almost impossible to get tho timber. Thc people of Rockhampton could not get tho timber thoy wanted j they would havo to get abie beru and a bit there 1'iieowncrB effected a combinatiou and tho .igonts fur the saw millers who hail yards in Hie towu were instructed to fix a certain price and not to sell under that. Thoy; would seo that they were acting together and wore strong enuuüji to dictate their own terms. rîut notwithstanding that they «ere pectin;.' so much more for their timber than ti e New Zealand people it was nut sufficient, but if they could not carry on with a fair amount uf profit with the privileges they en- joyed they had better turn their attention to something moro profitable. The proposition was to give tho Maryborough peoplo tho monopoly of the timber trade, sud make the public pay for it. However, besides the poople in Queensland and the Maryborough mill-owners, he thought the ehippors of foreign timber had a right to be considered in the matter, because, so far as he was ooncerned, most of the cargoes that hod come here had been to consignment, and sold forwhateverthey would fetch. They were men who risked the stato of the market, which was moro than the Maryborough people ever did. (Applause.) He waa of opinion, therefore, that the shippers to the colony of timber bad a right to be considered, beoauBe in some in- stances they had sustained a loss, but they had enterprise and were prepared to take the rhsk of the market. The Maryborough men expected to havo the monopoly of tho market, but it waa not very likoly they would attain their object. Their proposition waB a self evident ono, and it did not require very much to be said about it, but it meant that if they had their own way it would affect overy man in the colony, and perhaps mostly tbs labouring man of small means. Tho prohibitive price placed on tho timber would be a serious matter to those who wished to build their own cottages and to be- come their own householders. The motion proposed by Mr. HayneB, and carried unani- mously (laughter) was to the effeot that Government be petitioned to place au import duty of 2s. per 100 feet on rough and 3s. on dressed pine, and ls. on hardwood. They all knew that reoently a very large number of buildings had beon erected in the town ; in fact he was astonished the other morning to see the number of new oottage residences; One-fourth or one-fifth of them would not, in his opinion, have been there only for the enterprise of the New Zealand shippers. It must also follow that a number of persons who were residing in the town would not have been here only for that ; numbers of persons, as they were aware, had gone away because they would not get a habitation to live in. (Hear, hear, and applause). Mr. Jomt MACPHERSON, auotioneer, seoondcd tho motion, and spoke to it at some length. As they were well aware two years ago it waB almost impossible for people hero to get timber to build oottages. Timber was not only high in price, but contractors did not care to tender except at a very high rate if they were expected tb do the work in a month, because it might take them months, for the Maryborough people could not supply them with timber in time. Sinoe the New Zealand peoplo bad begun to supply them with timber, cottages had been going up in rows in all direc- tions. It would be very injurious to the trado of the town to interfere with this state of matters. A man now instead of paying 26s. or 30s. por 100 ft. for timber, could go down to the wharf or to any of their timber yards and get it at from I4s. to 20s. rough or dressed: The question affeeted working men as much if not more than others, for if these building operations were not going on there would not be the same demand for labour. Carpenters were scarcely to fae had now trade was BO brisk. If the trade in timber were hampered as proposed, they would go back into the state they had been in two years ago. He oonld tell them, and he was in a good posi- tion to speak on theaubject, that nosooner was a houBe empty than there were three or four applicants for it. He might mention that Mr. William Pattison had informed him that two years ago he paid 30s. per 100 ft. for 4 x I and 9x1 timber for carrying on his buBinesB, and now be could bny it for little more than half the price. He quoted the speech made by Mr. Haynes at Maryborough, in which he stated that New Zealand timber was being Bola in Townsville almost as cheap as they could sell timber in Maryborough. If that were so Mr. Macpherson argued the people were getting the benefit of the low rates, The sawmillers wished to shut out tho imported timber and keep the whole trade in their own bands. If it were so they would go on charging exorbitant rates. It was only the Maryborough people who were in favour of the dutios, as even the sawmill pro- prietors of this distrust were opposed to them. He did not think the Government would entertain the proposal which had been made ; but they should nevertheless enter their pro- test against it, least in a weak moment the Ministry should give way. Maryborough was represented by two influential members, one of whom had a seat in the Cabinet ; and if they did not enter a strong protest against it tho duty might be imposed. (Hear and applause). Mr. WILBY of Messrs. Wiley, Holmos, and Co., timber morchants, supported the motion, and said he did so just because he was interested. Ho held every person in tho town ought to take an interest in it, and whon a public question like that oropped up he should, as far as he could, take a prominent part in it. He was interested in the question be- cause his firm had been among the largest purchasers of timber : they had purchased some cargoes right out, and sold them afterwards, and they made a fow poundB by the transaction. Ho thought it very bad taste in tho Maryborough people to show such a spirit on the eubjeot, and seek to tax the timbor thongh they could not supply tho market themselves. (Applause.) lt would have boen two or three thousand pounds more in his pocket if be had been able to get timber when ho wanted it. Ho had boen haunted by ghosts and spent sleepless nights whon the bare walls of the English Church rose before bim ; and be wished there to thank tho building committee of the Church for they could have fined him if they had liked for not having timber f or it ready in time. The cheapness of timber had allowed working men-real working men who toiled bard all the week and took home full wageB on Saturday-not the loafers who worked one day and drank two, to put up houses. Messrs. Wiley, Holmes, and Co. had assisted thom. Thc men bought the land ; they placed the deeds in their bands and his firm built cottages for them they would not have been able otherwise to secure. He compared the Maryborough people to the dog in thc mangor; and tho incon- sistency of one firm WOB shown by tho fact they had 220,000 foot of Now Zealand timber boro in Rockhampton. (Hear, hear). He had a largo contract from the Corporation, but ho would not have gono out of Queens- land for timber for the wharf if he could have got it in the colony. He defied anyone to Bay they could have got the timber hore in two years. They had to get it else- where to be able to complete the contract in a reasonable time. (Hear, hear.) He intended to import timber in the log, and if he could get ground on the north side of the river he would ereot a sawmill, but he could not do that if this duty on timber were exacted. It would make the timber too dear, and the work could not be done. (Applause.) Mr. S VD NET WILLIAMS, of the firm of MeBBrs. Williams Uros., contractors &c;, said the question was not a local one affecting only Rockhampton, though Mr. Wiley had just shown how it would affect tho industries of the town ; but it was of the doepest importance to a diatrict ten timos wider than that of which Maryborough was the port. (Hear, hoar.) He referred very pointedly to thc manner in which tho timber merchants exe- cuted orders only in towu, hampered business, and impeded works. Tho New Zealanders had imported tho timber aud sold it at their own riBK ; ond he did not sec why parties should bo hiudcrodin any way from selling and buying iu thc open market. He poiuted out that if a similar duty were imposed on other materials used ia house-building, such as iron, tho cost of the dwellings of working men would bo raised ten pur cont. (Applause.) Though Mr. Sheridan had much inllnenco in the Cabinet, they could not suppose he had power to boss the whole Government. (Hear, bear.) And though the import duty Beotncd ridi- culous it was well thoy should stato fairly what they thought, and protest against it. J/ thoy fould liavo got better timber from Maryborough at a mode!ute vate they would have had better houses, but tile Maryborough people sent their scraps und what they could not sell at home. In tho course of some further remarks the Bpenker said tho works at Lake's Creak would have been fiuiehtd months I ago if Mossr*. Williams Broa, oould have got timber. (Applause). \ Mr. B. B. SHAW, aootioueer, «aid the Mary, borough pepple. tfiolr. k different view of tho question, and .beoaiurt they did so they had done Rockhampton a great deal of good. If they bad not charged high rates and con- ducted their business as they did the speakers > and others would not have been able to do so large a trade in New Zealand timber. If they would only go on aa they had done another twelve months it would benefit them to a larger extent. (Hear, hear.) They bad aroused the people of 'Rockhampton out of a sleep, and showed them they were stealing a march on them BO Jons as they did not import New Zealand and other foreign timber. It bad not been shown that the Wide Bay district could not supply the colonial market, or that the Maryborough merchants oould not rednoe their prices; but while he wished to retain their own money in the oolony, if the Maryborough people conld not keep pace'with the times, and let them have timber as cheap as New Zealand and and countries hundreds of miles away, they must suffer for their supineness in not meeting the demands of the local market. He had great pleasure in supporting the resolution. (Applause.) : . ' ' ': The motion was put and carried unani- mously, i ' Mr. S. W. HARTLEY moved that Messrs. Curtis, Macpherson, Shaw, Wiley, and S. Williams be appointed a oomnittee to prepare a petition in terms of the resolution, and get it signed by the townspeople and forwarded to the Government, (Applause.) : Mr. TRUMP, oontraotor, seoonded the motion, whioh was also carried. On the motion of Mr. OUBTIBT seconded by Mr. MAOHKRSOT, * vote of thank* was passed to the Mayor, which terminated the proceed- ings. 