1 ' THE AU STE ALIAN SYDNEY, SATURDAY, FEB. 2, 1884. , \ pifofos's Difficulties. - ! THU TREASURER has no doubt discovered bythi g time that ha will bava a hard battle to figh ; before, the financial policy ho submitted. las I -week becomes law. The primary difficulties hi i will have to contend with aro not numerous, ther* i being only two of them, but their details will provi a terrible trouble to the hon. gentleman. He wil have to adhere to -what ia right in his proposal: and abandon what is wrong, and though tho inaii a principles of his polioy are included in the for înor there is a good deal of work to be done wit! respeot to the latter. The proposal to impose i property tax has, of course, roused the indigna tion of those unfortunate people who -will com« * -within ita reach-as the owners of houses oi lands, or both-and the greater tho value of theil , estates tho louder will they anathematise Mr ' DIBBS and his colleagues for interfer lng with tho sacred rights of property, Men whoso realties and personalties range " near about the minimum of £300 will bc comparatively content to lot their moderate , estates pay something towards tho expenses oí t the State, but the unlucky owners of properties which will have to bo valued up to scores and hundreds "of thousands of pounds sterling are the men whom it will bo utterly useless to attempt to comfort or reason with. They regard ~ tho TREASURER and his colleagues as a financial KÉLLY gang, and nothing would give them '' greater pleasure than the ability to poli " cally . outlaw them, and thus soothe their suffering eouls. No doubt there 8 is bitter weeping and wailing and gnashing of teeth in London and tho other parts of tho ^ old country where those ungrateful gentlemen 7 reside, who having accumulated or inherited valuable estates in the colony shook the dust of 1 New, South Wales off their would-be aristocratic c feet, preferring to hang about the outskirts of * tipper-class society in England rather than . remain here and be mixed up with common colonials. It certainly appears to be a flaw in '. the scheme of the TREASURER that those wealthy " äbseütöes should be placed on the Bame footing as [ the other ownerB of property, real «nd pensons, who reside in the colony and" contribute thei share to the revenue through the . cust^m-hous and also »pend their money in supporting, trade i all its ramifications. The absentees hare all th same advantages of protection to their pr^pert and its increased, and inereaeing value, bat thc are of no more use in the colony than a barnacl is toa ship. It would, therefore, be a politic an righteous amendment in 'the 'proposed proper! tax to make them pay. about double the amour ?which will be collected " from those wi spend their in cornea, or at least a large portion« their money, where they make it. Were th: matter argued out it could be demonstrate ; that unless some stich distinction is made a groi injustice will be perpetrate*. For example, it: proposed to tax household furniture, jewellery ,an wearing apparel ; and of course the Australiai in England will be out of the reach of this pao \ of the taxation scheme. Residents about th Weat End of London, who derive their incom< from property in the colony, will therefore ha\ a great advantage over the dwellers of Potts Point and the other fashionable suburbs < Sydney, supposing the TREASURER persists i this part of his proposal, and is ab) to persuade Parliament that it should I agreed to. We imagine, however, that the ide of including household furniture and wearin apparel ÍB one of thu proposals which will have t be abandoned, as to curry it out would be a sourc of annoyance to which the public should not b subjected. To get at the value of the furnitun inventories would Lave to be taken of everythin in a house, from tho Buite in the drawing- room t the pot» and pans in the kitchen, whiloas regard the wearing apparel, the incidence of th taxation would be a still greater nuisance We presumo that the wardrobe of a wif would have to be ransacked and value as well aa that of her husband ; and cou! anything bo moro obnoxious or ridiculous tha such a PAUL PRY policy ? Tho great objection t an income tax Í3 its inquisitorial character, bu compelling a man to disclose what be is wort! per annum would bo lees objectionable thai letting loose an army of male and femal valuators to pry into tho secrets of society as t< hew men furnish their houses and clothe thei bodies, and at tho same time ascertain how thei wives and daughters are supplied with oufcwar< garments, stays, and ali other necessary under clothing. All this may appear very absurd, bu it is absolutely what will take place if Mi DIBBS adheres to his petticoat policy. Th« further a Treasurer in difficulties can kee] away from interfering with household an< dornetitio arrangements the less he is liabh to submit unpopular proposals ; but unfor lunately for Mr. Di uns he has to a groat exten ignorad tint» principle in other respects than tba .to which w« h*vi referred, and many of tin wroug f»r<op*»*<fcl*'Of his financial scheme, which hi Trill jr.o*t t^vrfhtbly havo to abandon, are to b< Fou«j[vfî V ./ _¡-*.*rf«ronces with domestic economy Tor.chinr i?Äp«$ is, as we have previous!; pointe .. .., «.-«jiother- coiîgpicuous example of this aud te -v^joitru incomprôlienàljno that he shouh have boen so shortsighted as to attempt to inter fere with it Doubling tho duty on tea. ir.caji imposing a tax upon what is commonly called th masses of the people, and therefore those wh can least afford to pay it. Tea ÍB on of the necessities of life of tho les wealthy classes, who probably consume thre fourths of the quantity imported, and it is there fore remarkable that tho TREASURER should bav' proposed to impose a tax, the burden of whicl ?would have to bo borne by men of modérât means. This is One of the proposals, however which it may b« confidently expected Parliamon will reject if the TREASURER does not voluntarily abandon it. There are many other details of th< new financial policy which there is no doubt wil have to be abandoned or materially modified ii order to get its main principles adopted by Par liam ont, and rendered acceptable to the public The proposal to make property contribute a fail proportion of the expenses of government is n< doubt generally approved of, and ia as equitabh as it is popular, but Mr. DIBBS will require to b< , careful not to lose the substance of a substanfcia -, property tax, which will be opposed by a wealth] i minority, by grasping at tho shadow of compara , tively insignificant taxes, the imposition of whicl , would create ¡i hostile feeling among tho groa , majority of the people. 1 The Russian Minister of tho United States hai children enough to require tho care of half a dozoi ? nurses. At tho Protestant Hall, on Wednesday, Miss C , Ingle, from Liverpool, England, delivered a lectun . on phrenology, taking for the tmbjoot, "Tho secret oi , success and happiness." There was a moderate .. attendance, but tho audienco accorded tho leoturei J close attention, and seemed hurhly ploasod with hoi looturo. Miss Inpale has a pleasing manner, and lec tures with ability, her remarks being illustrated with ' well told anecdotes. Tho R.M.S. Australia, ono of tho handsomest and best boats trading in Australian waters, left for 'Frisco, via Auokland and Honolulu, on Thursday aftornoon. Although, owintr to ono boat having boon taken off tho trado, tho timo in port is necessarily short, Captain Ghost had his fino vessel in splendid order throughout, and had a good number of pas sengers; bat it in yet carly in the season for travol I' lors through tho States. The next three or four steamers for 'Frisco are nearly full ships, so far as passenger accommodation ia concerned, and. tho Australia for hor next voyage is quito full, and numborB amongst her passengers tho Right . Hon. tho Marquis of Normanby, Lady Normanby, and suite. A noticeable fact in tho departure of tho Australia was tho prononce of Mr. T. f). M'Kay, tho well-known railway road agonfc of San Francisco, and nono of tho passengers loft beforo being marlo fully awaro of tho benefits to bo dori ved by travelling by the Chicago, Burlington, and Qninooy routo-and " don't you forgot it." Mr. M'Kay is tho first real "livo " railway apont that has visited Anstralia, and his trip will doubtless bo of benefit to himself, and certainly to tho company which ho so ably represents. Tho Australia loft hor mooringa in Lavender Bay punctually at 3 o'clock, and saluted the flag on pas sing tho Wolverene, tho s.s. Orient anl Wolverene duly responding. Captain Ghost and hiß officers leave with the best wishéa of the citizens of Sydney I for a Bthart passage and a speedy return. V: - , 