NOTES IN INDIA." . (BY OUR SERVIA- CORRESPONDENT.) AGEA. What the Pyramids are to Egypt, the Alps to Swift terland, Niagara to America, Sydney Harbour to New South Wales, so is Agra to India. Full as this wonderful old country is of marble palaces, temples, and tombs, months may be spent in visiting the superb monuments of bygone times bequeathed by the Moguls and Emperors who founded and built up the vast empire now peacefully swayed by a Western Power; but the crowning glory is reached at Agra. It was at this city that the mighty and magnificent Akbar, the Solomon of Modern India, held his court, and where the most beautiful palaces and tombs unequalled in the world still remain. Nothing can exceed their beauty, and visitors who leave without having feasted their eyes on the Taj Mahal, or the Pearl Mosque, miss the finest sight that India affords. Agra is only a night's railway journey distant from Lucknow, and forms, therefore, one of the chief objects of interest in the North-West tour. The intervening country is level end parohod- looking, except in the rains, when all India is drenched, and large tracts are totally submerged, often for days together. It is then that the sun still strong and cat-calls into active life all kinds of fresh and beautiful vegetation, clothing the entire country with a mantle of green of every shade. The immense plains, which at this time of the year are wholly destitute of vegetation, and over which wretched-looking cattle drag rudely fashioned wooden ploughs, guided by miserable, poverty-stricken natives, change, as if by magic, into fields of waving corn, the billowy surface of vivid green extending for hundreds of miles without any other break than an occasional mud village, a little brick temple, or grove of palm trees. It is then that the iron hand of famine always extended over the teeming millions of patient, hard-working toilers in this oountry-roleaaoa its grasp, and the people appear to rest for awhile from the weary struggle in which they are engaged from their earliest childhood. It must have been at such a time of the year that the determination to found the city of Agra was made, for the normal condition of the surrounding country is tame and desolate. Popular tradition asserts that on one occasion the actual founder of Agra fort, within which is enclosed Akbar's palace, the Moree MuBJid, or pearl mosque, and other beautiful edifice, was Salim Shah, who ruled over that part of India about the year 1850, and that the selection of the site was the result of a chance incident in the hunting-field. Like most Indian princes Salim was passionately fond of hunting, and after a hard run one day he was informed that the fox had recovered wind and escaped from the hunting leopard which had been sent in pursuit. These leopards, or cheetahs as they are called, are so crafty, speedy, and determined in running down their quarry that the escape of the fox, under the circumstanced, was remark able, and the king concluded that the air in the district must be particularly healthy. He ordered a palace to be built there, and to native historians Bay-Agra first came into existence, The great Akbar, whose reign followed shortly afterwards, added palaces and tombs, and built the splendid fort, which remains intact at the present time. The city rose to a high position under successive rulers, and at one time on the veil of Delhi, from which it is not more than 140 miles distant. Like most Eastern cities, however, it had a rapid rise, decline, and fall and now it presents but the ghost of its former splendour. Were it not for the few magnificent buildings which preserve the memory of its former rulers, Agra would have nothing to distinguish it from a score of other Indian cities, some of which were mere villages a couple of centuries ago. The gorgeous courts of the Moghuls, with all their attendant Oriental gilt and glitter, have long since been swept way, but the toiling masses by whom they were supported still remain - their condition scarcely changed. From Lucknow the city of Agra can he reached by undertaking a railway journey of 12, hours, performed at night-for in a hot dusty country such as India night travelling is a desideratum. in the cool of early morning, when a slight mist overhangs the earth, and before the sun gains strength, the tall slender minarets and dome of the famous Taj Mahal, a stand out in dazzling whiteness against a soft grey back- ground, Nothing like it is to be seen in any other part of the world, and even in the first transient glimpse the force of its wondrous beauty strikes as quite irresistible. It first comes into view on the horizon of the plaintiff or seven miles before Agra is reached. The early rays of the sun catch its exquisitely propor- tioned dome and gilded cupola, while the base of the building is thinly veiled in shadowy mists and the effect of the Taj when thus seen is impressive beyond description. There is no need to consult the guide book as to its name. It is what an enthusiastic traveller termed it, a dream in marble.'' As it looms nearer, fresh beauties are discerned, and when Acra station is reached a feeling of dissatisfaction is felt that the massive bulk of the fort, with its solid red sandstone walls, 70 feet high, shuts out the view The Taj is a mile and a half from the city proper, on the Jumna, a river which, in common with the Ganges, is held sacred by all pious Hindoos, The fort is in the city, and on the south side its base is washed by the waters of the river. It contains within its walls the famous palace of the Great Akbar, and the Moti Masjid, or Pearl Temple, but beautiful as they are they cannot rival the Taj. The fort is occupied by a slender detachment of British troops the cantonments of the force always stationed in the district being a mile and a half distant outside its walls. The walls are apparently very massive and difficult of assault, but appearances in this respect are somewhat deceptive, as although 8 to 10 feet thick, only the outer course is of stone, the centre being filled with rubble. When first constructed the fort was impregnable, now half-an-hour's cannonade would transform it into a heap of ruins. The circumference of the walls are only two miles, but to do justice to the many interesting objects contained within them a couple of days at least is necessary. It has been aptly said that the Mogul Emperors designed like Titans and finished like jewellers. The appropriateness of the epigram becomes at once evident upon entering the fort. It is surrounded by a wide and deep moat crossed by a drawbridge on the side nearest the East Indian railway station, by which access is gained at almost any time a visitor pleases. Carriages can be driven through the gates and along the massive, gloomy covered ways right up to the courtyard of the palace and to the steps of the Most Musjid, The palace buildings are all constructed of red sandstone from Delhi, and white marble from Jeypore, the blending of both communicating a very agreeable effect. The first of the palace buildings to arrest attention is what is known as the Public audience Hall, formerly used as on armoury. An discription in white marble states that it was built by arranges just 200 years since but, thanks to the paternal care of the British Government, repairs and restorations have been made which round or it as fresh looking as when first completed. At the time of my visit over 100 skilled artificers were at work in this portion of the fort restoring mosaic and other facades, toms of which had suffer ed during the occupation of the place by its half-dozen different conquerors. Those Workmen are employed by Government, who are at present spending large sums of money in arobicolo goal researches, and in the restoration of those beautiful monuments of Moghul magnificence with which this part of India is studded. Mosaic Work of the purest order abounds all over the palace building, and the fathers of the art have transmitted their skill to generation after generation down to the present day. Formerly the mosaic workers were supplied with sapphires, rubies, emeralds, and even diamonds, with which to enhance the effect of their niarvollouBly-tintod floral representations ; but these proved too strong a temptation to the cupidity of the soldiers of fortune and others who succeeded the princely founders. Everywhere the jewels and pro Otoue stones have been picked out by the strong knives or sword points of bodies of Mahommedan or Hindoo invaders J and it is computed that in this way over a million pounds' worth of treasure has disappeared. Even when the place first passed into the possession of the British at the beginning of the present century, the whole Of this costly mural decoration had not disappeared, and to the Tommy Atkins's of Lord Lake's army is ascribed a fair, share of the plunder, the sharp bayonets proving remarkably handy for the work of removal. Even now " on occasional emerald or ruby is to be seen gleaming in theheortof'a gorgeous flower high upon the wall of a tomb or palace, but in nearly every instance they have been carried off, and their former places are I marked only by little holes in the smooth, polished surface, The mosaic workers of Agra still form a numerous one or, rather, costs and specimens of their work are offered for sale at every step taken in the city, but at prices which are simply extortionate. The preservation of the art has, however, enabled the British Government to persevere with the noble work it has undertaken, and it is anticipated that before another couple of years, pass all the mosaics of the palace and outside tombs will have been restored. Some notion of the magnificent style in which the great Moguls lived when in the plenitude of their power may be drained from the Fort buildings. The Hall of Audience is a grand apartment opening on a large court or till yard, 500 feet long by 370 wide, surrounded by arcades, and approached through a succession of corridors opening one into the other. The Hall of Audience occupies one side, the other three being taken up by marble apartments formerly appropriated to the service of the ladies of the harem. The harem must have been a very extensive one, judging from the amount of house accommodation provided. The Pearl Mosque, which is considered to be the purest house of prayer in the world, was set apart for the use of the ladies, each one having a place assigned for herself, the space to be occupied by each being shown by slabs of dark coloured marble, let into the floor somewhat in the shape of collins. Beautifully carved marble screens, behind which the ladies wore jealously concealed from the court attendants and others, still remain, and all over the palace there is evidence of the prominent place assigned to females by the voluptuous monarchs who formerly swayed the destinies of the Empire. A pair of handsomely carved thrones, on which the Emperor and his consort eat when hearing petitions, are pointed out with an air of becoming reverence by the guide, or rather the guide and his attendants-some score of ragged and excessively dirty natives, who have a keen vision for prospective " buokBheosh," and decline to be driven off. One of the sights is the Blush Mahal, or Palace of Glass. It is a square rather low room, fitted up as a bath, in the Oriental fashion, and with thousands of small mirrors, about the size of a crown piece, let into the walls and oiling, The room is prettily decorated, and, although a little out of repair, the bath is still good enough for the most sumptuous Oriental prince. Many of the little mirrors are missing, and time has dimmed the brightness of those remaining; but when other repairs of a more pressing character are effected the Shish Mahal will receive a renovation. From this Late a steep euliturranfian passage in the form of a winding staircase leads down to the liver, which at this point washes the base of the structure a hundred feet below; and various sinister stones are told of the use to which it was put. It is said by the guides who, of course, are entitled to special consideration on the ground of veracity-that ladies of the harem when guilty of any indiscretion, or when, perhaps, a little vessel, were ordered to the mirrored bathroom, from whence they were never seen to emerge They belonged to their lords and masters absolutely, and their disappearance excited no comment coroner's inquests and detective police being at that time unknown in the land. A couple of British soldiers, after an undue indulgence in beer, once attempted to explore the mysteries of this underground passage, but were lost, and perished miserably- mnoo which occurrence it has been bricked up, and is now no longer a thoroughfare In a room hard by I was invited to admire the famous gates of Somnnth, triumphantly placed there by Lord Ellenborough after his capture of Ghani in 1842, They were certainly not much to look at, being simply a pair of roughly carved boards about 3ft. x 4ft and three or four inches thick, and studded with a few nails and pieces of rusty iron. A piece of carving from a Maori Pah would have been quite as attractive, but the guide expected me to fall into ecstacies over the trophy, and I obliged him as far as I could. Unhappily for blind faith, Professor Hunter, the most prolific and reliable writer on India and her people the Western world has ever known, gives the coup de grace to the of t repeated story of Ellenborough's exploit. Writing of the early wars and conquests of India, Mr. Hunter tells us that the most famous expedition of the great Mahmud Ghuzni, who ruled in 1000-1080 as., was directed against the temple of Efomnsth, in Guerewt. After bloody repulses he took the town and the Hindoo garrison, leaving 6000 dead put out to sea in boats. There was a famous idol-one of the twelve phallic emblems erected in India which Mahmud-so tradition, runs determined upon smashing. On entering the temple the conqueror was offered an enormous ransom by the priests if he would spare the image. But Mahmud, who had taken the name of " Idol smasher," politely intimated that he would rather be remembered | us the breaker than the Roller of idols, and above the god open with his mace, Forthwith a vast treasure of jewels poured from its vitals, which explained the liberal offers Of the priests, and rewarded the disinterested piety of the monarch. Mahmud carried off the temple gates with fragments of the smashed-up deity to Ghazal, but nearly perished with his army in a desert en route. " But the famous sandalwood gates of Somnath, brought back as a trophy from Ghooli by Lord Ellenborough, and paraded through Northern India, wore as clumsy a forgery as the story of the jewel-bellied idol himself." If any statement on the subject is worthy of credence, that of Professor Hunter comes a long way first. There is much of interest to be seen in the court- yards of the fort. Soldiers, both British and native are always moving about, and at the appointed hours for changing guard or mustering, the picture is a pleasing one. Huge piles of round shot and dismounted guns some of them remaining in the positions they were placed in by the conquerors after the last mutiny are met with everywhere, but the guns are of antiquated pattern, and would scarcely be required for service in any future emergency, The native soldiers are well disciplined, and uncommonly civil and polite in their bearing, but as not more than one in a couple of hundred knows a word of English, the average Australian cannot engage them in conversation. Still, it is evident they are fine, steady fellows, proud of their position and true to their colours-a fact fully borne out by the unswerving loyalty they displayed during the stormy months of 1857, when, sooner than desert their allegiance, they fought against men of their own race and colour, and saved for England the brightest jewel of her crown. Only those native regiments who sided with us were maintained at the close of the mutiny, and their fidelity has never been questioned. The privates are under the immediate control of natives, but each regiment has its due proportion of British officers, most of whom know something of the language of their men. In a subsequent communication I propose giving some particulars respecting the military establishments of Calcutta and Bengal generally so for the present the Gub.eot,.interesting as it is, will be left. Outside the Fort there are many beautiful buildings, but with two or three notable exceptions they fail to equal either the Pearl Mosque or the Palace in elegance of design, or close attention to detail, One of these buildings is of course the famous Taj, which stands out in solitary beauty in every view of Agra. Another is the tomb of a former Emperor, just across the river, which is crossed by a bridge of boats. This building is beautifully proportioned, and is richer in inlaid stone work and carved marble screens than any other building in India, It encloses the sarcophagus of the Emperor Itmud-ud-daulah, and although less than one-fifth the size of thousand constructed in quite a different style, it tupídseos one almost as deeply. It is placed in a charming garden, and altogether the Mausoleum, is about the most luxurious resting place that mortal man, when life's fitful fever is over, could desire. Of the famous Taj itself. Professor Hunter has supplied us with an eloquent description, which I cannot do better than quote: " The Taj Mahal with its beautiful domestic dream in m/irMo rises on the riverbank It is reached from the fort by the strand -road, muda In the famine of 1838, and adorned with stone whats by native Gentlemen. The This was erected as a mausoleum for the remains of Arjamttini Bono. Bogan, wife of the Emperor Shah Jehan, and known us Muuituz-i-Mahal, or exalted of the Palace, who died in 1953, and the building was set on foot soon after her death, though notice pleted till 1948. The first-, trials are wish to marble from Jeypore, and red sand stunning Fatehpur Sikri. The complexity of its design, and the delicate intricacy of the workmanship, baling desert iption. The mausoleum stands on a limited unable platform, at each of whose corners rises a tall and slender minaret of graceful proportions and exquisite beauty. Beyond the platform stretch the two I winRS, one of which is" itself a mosque of went architectural merit, ' In the north- of the whole design. the main. Jenin. occurs esa.M uate of his feet witness angles deeps truncated, so as to form a normal season The main feature of this central pile is the great dome which swells upward to nearly two-thirds of a sphere, and tapers at its extremity into a pointed spire, crowned by a crescent. I Beneath it in onUoBuro of marble trellis work surrounds tbetmibSof thornless and of her husband the emperor. I End- lorne of the mausoleum is covered by a similar, I tlKiUuh much smaller dams, erected in a pi dreamer pierced I with graceful burst em arduous light jsadniitle-l into the interior through a double screen of ported nihibldjjwhich. j I tempers the killing of an Indian sky. while its jWhitt.- j I rose prevents the mellow effect from degenerating into gloom the internal decorations consist of inlaid work -j in precious stones ' such as agate' and jasper, with which fVtiryBpanTlrilor other salient point in the architecture is rlehU frotte, i 'Brown and virile marble is oIho freely cm- I placed a wreath, scrolls and hotels, to relieve the more you of the white walls in regard to colour and design, the interior of the Ta] may rant: firstly the world for purely decorative workrasrifehip,'while theporfoitsjuimolrj of its exterior, once be 2, am never be forgotten nor the aerial grace of its domes rising like marble bubbles into the clear sky " Some of the designs represent the flora and fauna of India, but designs based on the former i»rge-preponda rate. The chrysanthemum and fairy Ilka maiden hair fern, with the funeral cypress enter largely into the designs, which in every case are carried out as though performed by a master of the Royal Academy. Truly, these native workmen are wonderful embodiments of skill and patience. The mosaic work, delicate an it is, performed by their forefathers centuries ago remains unimpaired at the present duty, cave where, attracted by the value of the materials used vandals have picked out the precious stones without regard to the surrounding design. And yet these artists-for artists they undoubtedly are received in the way of remuneration not more than a shilling or eighteen pence per day, upon which they maintain a wife and family in superior condition to those of the humbler Followers of such crafts an I brass and copper workers? carpenters, and silversmiths. From the minuteness and police of this class of work it is only natural that it should be expensive, but the price demanded by itinerant vendors are exorbitant in tboexlretue-gcnnrftllj six times the proper value. A little experience of Indian dealers generally is necessary when visiting Agra In matters affecting the comfort of railway travellers, India is certainly not behind Australia. One advantage not generally enjoyed out in the colonies "is the good supply of excellent refreshment rooms where first-class meals, lavatories, and in some cases sleeping accommodation are all provided, The provision of bedrooms at railway stations is a great boon to travellers only remain,; at a place for a day or two, as all trouble respecting the disposal of luggage and hunting up hotel accommodation is hereby obviated. Agra is fairly supplied with hotels, and should a stay be in ado for three or four days the traveller can be made very comfortable at one of them, but for a shorter visit his headquarters might with advantage be established at the station, where on exceptionally good Table is kept. As at Lucknow, Cawnpore, and other cities, the European and native quarters are entirely distinct. Exclu Five of one or two British regulars, there are not a hundred Europeans in the place, while the native population is estimated at over £10,000. trade is carried on briskly in the neighbouring bazaar, Agra being celebrated for the manufacture of boots and shoes almost exclusively for native wear-for cooper-wars, Mosaic work in marble and coloured stones, better known perhaps as Indian petrel dura, and for soapstone canings There is also a considerable trade in grain and of the. Agra, shorn of its former barbaric, pomp- and splendour, retains the relics of a great past and although signs of decadence from its proud position as capital of the Mogul Empire are everywhere visible, yet it is steadily advancing in commercial and industrial importance under the security of British rule, The hordes of Patlmns, Karst h au, and other invaders no longer sweep the country, and the labour of the people, instead of being forcibly appropriated for building tombs and palaces, waging wire and plundering peace ful villages, is now devoted to the cultivation of the soil and the pursuit of those industrial arts for which Indian workmen were famous as far back as the days of the Queen of Sheba, As at Lucknow and all other places in India frequented by strangers enormous prices are asked for any specimens of local manufactures The box wallahs tv he infest hotel verandahs and shot on platforms, display many rare and beautiful articles, but the prices demanded are rarely less than blk 01 seven times thereat value, and often through the desire to become possessed of a few souvenirs, the unsophisticated traveller returns to Calcutta with a collection of rubbish not worth their weight in road motor"]. One of the interesting places in Agra is the state a gaol, in which some of the most beautiful Indian carpets shown at the late Calcutta Exhibition were manufactured. At the time of my visit there were over 2000 native prisoners, of whom 55 percent, were males. Nearly all of them were employed in the manufacture of carpets and rugs, and so well is the labour utilised that the prison, large as it is, has become almost self- supporting. Dr. 1} der, the popular superintendent, was absent, but his deputy, Mr. Galeford, very kindly afforded every information in his power, and a highly interesting morning was spent. in going through the extensive establishment. Most of the p prisoners were short-sentence men, in for petty ¡ larcenies and light offences, but there were also some of the worst class of criminals - double-dyed scoundrel who would strangle an unsuspecting village for a couple of rupees as cheerfully as the most bigotted Thus. One cheerful looking rascal had been accused twice of having murdered native women for their silver jewellery having mutilated the bodies of his victims by backing off their hands and feet in order to slip the bracelets- and bangles off A view of some kind in the evidence had prevented the sentence of death I being passed, and so he continues his joyous existence, heavily ironed it is true, but still apparently happy and contented in his mind. The average cost of prisoners is about £2 10s , while their earnings is computed at no less than "a lGs , leaving only a debit of 5. per head, a result which cannot be approached at Darling hurst. The prisoners at Agra live only upon rice, peas, and a few green vegetables cooked and served to them by men of their own caste Even in prison caste obligations and restrictions must be observed. The prison is simply a collection of one storied buildings-oolls, in our sense of the term being unknown Dormitories and workshops alternate prisoners sleeping in the former on banks of earth, or brickwork hollowed Blight) in the centre, and washed over with thin yellow clay every two or three days Beda such as are in use in English prisons, are totally unknown, and the only covering in the way of bedclothes is a thin sheet or piece of calico. But then it must be remembered that a native in his free state usually prefers sleeping on the footpath or kerbstone for the sake of coolness, so that in gaol he experiences no hardship from the absence of French or other mattresses Some of the carpets are of great value, a few ordered specially for the Paris market costing as much as 100 rupees ysr yard, or roughly speaking, 98 10s. per yard, The price of course depends upon the quality judged by the number of stitches in each man Usually the number of stitches to the square inch Is eight, but for the highest priced as many as 25 are worked in. Nearly all the carpet made at Agra are taken by two or three London and Paris firms, and sufficiant orders from one of the latter have been received to absorb the produce of the prison for another twelve months to come. Steam power was formerly used to work the machinery, and the boilers and engines still remain, but owing to one of those sense- less mandates which Government sometimes cannot help issuing, their use was discontinued, and nearly 200 men are now employed turning huge captains instand. The motion so communicated is uneven, and the quality of the carpets turned out is thereby affected ; but notwithstanding all representations the engines still stand idle. The walls enclose a total area of 1100 acres, and the ground not' actually occupied by buildings is kept in a state of excellent cultivation. Over 8000 yards of carpet are turned out annually, the profit of last year's work showing an actual profit of £8,525 rupees After visiting the gaol and native quarters there is nothing more to be seen in Agra, unless the visitor desires to see more tombs and buildings of the Moguls, which may be done by running out to Futtopur Sikri, about 25 miles distant and nearer the city still there is the tomb of Akbar the Great. I 