ADA LEICESTER. CHAPiTER XIX.-NIGHiT AND MORNING. SPLENDID beyond anything hitherto known in American lifo was the ball of which our readers have obtained but partial glimpses. At least a dozen rooms, some of thems palatial in dimensions, others bijoux of elegance, were thrown open to the brilliant throng that had begnn to assemble there when the flower-girl left the mansion. The conservatory was filled with blossoming plants, and lighted entirely by lamps placed in alabaster vases, or swinging like moons from the waves of crystal that formed the roof. Masses of South American plants sheeted the sides with blossoms. Passion flowers crept up the crystal roof and drooped their starry blossoms among the lamps. Trees, rich with the light feathery foliage peculiar to the tropics, bent over and sheltered the blossoming plants. An aquatic lily floated in the marble basin of a tiny fountain, spreading its broad green leaves on the water, and sheltering a host of arrowy little gold-fish that flashed in and out from their shadows. The air was redolent with heliotrope, daphne, and Cape jessamineson. Soft mosses crept around the marble basin and dropped downward to the tassolated florn-ssi was like entering fairy-land as you came into this wilderness of flowers from a noble picture-gallery which divided it from the reception-room. It was one of ])unlap's masterpieces. No artist over arranged so noble a picture-no Peri over found a lovelier paradise. The silken curtains that divided the picture- gallery from the reception-rooms were drawn back; thus a vista was formed, down which the eye wandered till the perspective lost itself in the starlighted masses of folingo; and on entering the first drawing-room, which was flooded with gaslight, a scene was pre sented that no European palace could rival, save in extent. Each of the tall stained windows had a corresponding recess, filled with mirrors that multiplied and reflected back every beautiful object within its range. F'rosco-paintings gleamed from the ceilings, but so delicately managed and inwrouglht in the light golden scrolls that all over gorgeousness was avoided. Each room possessed distinct colours, and had its own stylo of ornament; but natural contrasts were so strictly maintained, and harmonies so manausged, that the rooms whoen all thrown open presented one brilliant whole, that might have been studied like the work of a great artialst, and always found to present now beauties. The rooms filled rapidly. The fancy dresses gave now ecei.t to the rooms. No royal court day ever presented a scene of greater magnificence. The flash of jewels -the wave of feathers-the glitter of brocades had something regal in it quite at variance with the simple republican habits with which our young country began its career among the nations of the earth. But in all this dazzling throng our story deals more particularly with the four persons towards whom destiny was making rapid strides through all this glitter and gaiety. William Leicester entered among the latest giests. The evening had beeoon so full of events that even his iron nerves were shaken, and hlie entered the mansion with pale cheeks and glittering oyes, as if cobnscious that hle was rushing forward to his fate. What was it that prompted the tantalizing wish to follow that young girl home till she led him into the presence of that old couple cowering over the flire in thatdark basement? What evil spirit was crowding events so closely around him ? Heo began to feel a sort of self-distrust; something like super stition crept over him, and lie panted to place the Atlantic between himself and all those haunting perplexities. A few distinguished persons had been allowed to attend the ball in citizens' dress, and among these was Leicester, who ap peared in the elegant but unostentatious suit worn at the wedding ceremony. " Why, Leicester, you are pale I Has anything happened, or is it only the effect of that white vest ?" said a young Turk who stood near the entrance, removing his eyes from the point of his own embroidered slipper to regard his friend. "Palo! No, I am only tired; making preparations for Europe, you know." " A great bore, isn't it? " answered the young man, adjusting his cashmere scarf. "Isn't Mrs. Gordon beautiful to-night ? the handsomest woman in the room, not to speak of uncounted pyramids ? Sho'd be a catch-eoven for you, Leicester I " " She must have demolished some of her pyramids before this paradise was created, I fancy," answered Leicester, looking down the vista of open rooms, now crowded with life and beauty. "Yes, three at least," replied the juvenile Turk, planting one foot forward on the carpet that he might admire the flow of his ample trousers; "one hundred and fifty thousand never paid for a place like this." " So you, young gentleman, set fifty thousand down as a pyramid. Now, what if a lady chances to have only the half of that sum; how do you estimate her? " "Twenty-five thousand I " repeated the exquisite; "a woman with no more than thit isn't worth estimating; at any rate, till after a fellow gets to be an old fogy of two or three and twenty." A quiet mosking smile curved Leicester's lip. Though rather sensitive regarding his own age, he was really amused by this specimen of yosng America. " So this widow with so many pyramids yyou think she would be a match worth looking after. What if I make the effort ? " " If you were twenty or twenty-five years younger, it might do." Leicester laughed outright. i" Well as 1 am too old for a rival per haps you will show me where the lady is ; I have never seen her yet." " What---never seen Mrs. Gordon, the beautiful Mrs. Gordon ? I thought you old chaps were keener on the scent. I know half a hundred young gentlemen dead in for it." " Then there is certainly no chance for me." "I should rather think not," replied the youth, smiling complacently at his own re hlcotion isi an opposito mirror ; " especially wvithout costume. A dress like this, iotsw, is a soet of thing that takes with ladies." Leicestei was getting weary of the youth. ',Well," he said, "if you will not aid \- me, I must find thi lady myself." a " Oh, wait till the crowd leaves us an openuing. The music strikes up-they are off for the waltz; now you have a good view; isn't she superb ? " For one moment a cloud came over Leicesters eyes. lie swept his gloved hand over them aud now lie saw clearly. " Which-whilch is Mrs. Gordon ? " he said, in a sharp voice, that almost startled the young exquisite out of his Oriental pro priety. " Why, how dull you are-as if there over existed another woman on earth to be mis taken for her. "Is that the woman ? " questioned Lei cester, almost extending his arm toward a lady dressed as Ceres, who stood near the door of an adjoining room. "Of course it is. Come, lot me present you while there is a chance, though how the deuce you got here without a previous introduction I cannot tell. Come, she is looking this way. "Not yet," answered Leicester, drawing aside, where lie was less lislslo to observa tion. ¢',' " Why, ,how'strangely you look all at once. Caught with the first glance, ha ? " persisted his tormentor. Leicester attempted to smile, but his lips refused to move. 1He would have spoken, but for once speech left him. " Come, come, I am engaged for the next polka." " Excuse me," answered Leicester, draw ing his proud figure to its full height; " I was only jesting; Mrs. Gordon and I are old acquaintances." " Then I will go and find my partner," cried thie Turk, half terrified by the flash of those fierce eyes. " ])o," said Leicester, leaning upon the slab of a music-table that stood near. And now, with a fiend at his heart and fire in his eye, William Leicester stood re garding his wife. Ada had given this ball for a purpose. It was here, surrounded by all the pomp and state secured by position and immense wealth, that she intended once more to meet her husband. What hidden motive lay in the depths of liher mind I do not uknow. Perhaps--for love like hers will de scend to strange humiliations- she expected to win back a gleam of his old tenderness by the magnificenuce which she knew hie loved so well. Perhaps she really intended to startle him by her queenly presence, load him with scornful reproaches, and so sepa rate for over. This probably was the reason she gave to her own heart; but I still think a dream of reconciliation slept at the bottom of it asll. At another time, Ada would have been dressed with less magnificence under her own roof: for liher tasto was perfect, and the elegant simplicity of her style was at all times remarkable. But now she had an object to accomplish-a proud spirit to humble to the dust and she loaded herself with pomp, as a warrior encases himself in armour just before the battle. The character of Cores, in which she appeared, was peculiarly adapted to the per fection of her beauty and the natural grace of her person. In order to increase the magnificence of this costume, she had ordered all her jewels to be re-set at Ball and Black's, in wreaths, bouquets, and clusters, adapted to the character; and, as Leicester gazed upon her from the distance, his eyes were absolutely dazzled with flashes of rainbow light that followed every move ment of liher person. Her over-skirt of line Brussels point was gathered up in soft clouds from the amber satin dress, by clusters of fruit, grass, and leaves, all of precious stones. Cherries, the size of life, cut from glowing carbuneles; grapes, in amethyst clusters, or amber-hued, from the Oriental topaz; stems of ruby currants; crab-apples, cut from the red coral of Naples; with wheat-ears, barbed with gold, and set thick with diamond grain ; all mingled with leaves and bended grass, lighted with emeralds, were grouped among the gossamer lace, whence the light came darting forth with a thousand sunset glories. I-foer fair round arms wore exposed almost to the shoulder, where a quantity of soft lace, that fell like a mist across her bosom, was gathered up with clusters of jewels. Her hair, arranged after the fashion of a Greek statue, flowed back from her head, in waves and ringlets, and was crowned by a garland of jewels that shot rays of tinted .light through all her golden tresses. The choicest jewels she possessed had been re served for this garland, wreathed in both fruit and flowers. Hero diamond fuschias, veined with rubies, and forget- me-nots of turquoise, each with a yellow pearl at the heart, were grouped with diamond wheatears and stems of currant, some heavy with ruby fruit, others beset with yellow diamonds. The grape-leaves that fell around her temples wore green with emeralds; and a single cluster of cherries, formed from car buncles, that seemed to have a drop of wine floating at the heart, drooped over her white forehead. Great diamond drops were scat tered like dew over these dazzling clusters, and fell away down the ringlets of her hair. Ada stood beneath the blaze of a chande lier that poured its light over the singular wreath, and struck the jewels of her girdle, till they sent it back in broken flashes. Waves of lace were gathered beneath this girdle, as we find tIhe drapery around those antique statues of Ceres, still existing in fragments at Athens. Leicester stood motionless gazing upon his wife. Every gem about her person seemed to fix its value upon his mind. This surprise had overpowered him for a moment; but no event had the power to disturb him, even for the brief time he had been regarding her. His resolution was taken. Self-possessed, and, but for a wild brilliancy of the eyes and a slight paleness about the mouth, tranquil as if they had parted but yesterday, he moved down the room. The crowd was drawn off toward the dancing-saloon; and, at that moment the reception-room, in which Ada stood, was somewhat relieved of the glittering crowd that bhad pressed around her but a moment before. Still several persons were grouped near her, glad to seize upon every disengaged moment of the hostess ; for never in her brightest mood had she been half so bril liant as now. Her lips grew red with the flashes of wit that passed through them. Her eyes flashed with animation, and a warm scarlet flush lay upon her cheek. burning there like flame, but growing more and more brilliant as the evening wore on. Sometimes she would pause in the midst of a sentence, and look searchingly in the crowd. Then a frown would contract her forehead, as if the jewelled garland were beset with hidden thorns that pierced her temples; but when reminded of this, her smile grew brilliant again, and some flash of wit displaced the impression her counte nance had made the moment before. She had just made some laughing reply to a gentleman who stood near her, and turning away cast another of those auxious looks over the room. She gave a faint start; her eye flashed, and, drawing her form up to its full height, she stood with curved lips and burning cheeks ready to re ceive her husband. He came down the room slowly, moving forward with his usual noiseless grace. .le paused now and then as the crowd pressed on him ; and it was a full minute after she first saw him before ihe approached her near enough to speak. " My dear lady, I shall never forgive my self for coming so lste," he said, reaching forth his hand. " Why did not your invita tion say at once that we were invited to paradise ? " For one moment Ada turned pale and lost her self- possession. The audacious coolness of the man astonished her. She had expected to take him by surprise, and promised herself the enjoyment of his con fusion; but before his speech was finished the blood rushed to her cheek, her lips grew red again, and her eyes seemed showering fire into his. Hie had taken her hand while speaking, and pressed it gently, but with a meaning that aroused all the pride of her nature. Did he hope to practice his old arts upon her ? Was she a schoolgirl, to be won back by a pressure of the hand and frothy com pliments to her dwelling ? The crafty man had mistaken her for once. She withdrew her hand with a laugh. " So you are ignorant that tihe goddess of plenty reigned hero ?" There was meaning in the light words, and for an instant Leicester's audacious eyes fell beneath the glance of hers; but lhe recovered himself with a breath. "The character is badly chosen. I could have selected better." " What pray - what would you have selected? " she asked, with breathless hasto. He stooped forward, and with a smile upon his lips as if lie had been uttering a compliment whispered, " A Niobe." The tone in which this was uttered more than the words stung her. She drew back with a suddenness that scattered the light like sunbeams from her jewelled garland. "Everything that Niobe loved turned to stone. In that we are alike," she said, in a suppressed voice that trembled with feel ing. He bent his head, and was about to answer in the same undertone, but she drew back with a low, defiant laugh. "No-no. It is a sad character, and I have long since done with tears," she answered, turning to a gay group that had gathered around her. "What say you, gentlemen? our friend here prefers a mournful character; do I looklike a woman who ever weeps ? " "Not unless the angels weep," answered one of the group. "Angels do weep when they leave the homes assigned to them," whispered Leicester, again bending towards her; "and it is fitting that they should." She did not recoil that time. His words rather stung her into strength,and, strange to say, Leicester seemed less hateful to her while uttering these covert reproaches, than his first adroit compliment had rendered him. A retort was on her lip, but that instant a group came in from the dancing saloon, laughing and full of excitement. "OOh, Mrs. Gordon, such a droll character l " cried a flower-girl, pressing her way to the hostess ; " a postman with bundles of letters-real letters ; you never saw anything like it. I'm sure Mr. Willis and some, other poets here, that I could point out, have had a hand in getting up this mail, for some of the letters are full of delightful poetry. Only look here, isn't this sweet ?" The girl help up an open paper, in which half a dozen lines of poetry were visible. " Read it aloud-read it aloud," cried several voices, at once. " No one has secrets here I" "Oh, I wouldn't for anything," answered the young lady, tossing the flowers about in her basket with a simper; " Mrs. Gordon won't insist, I am sure." Ada saw what was expected of her and held the letter aloof, when the young lady made feints at snatching it away. " But what if Mrs. Gordon does insist ?" she said. "The postman has no business to bring letters here that are not for the public amusement." " Well, now, isn't it too bad ?" cried the flower-girl, striving to conceal her satisfac tion with a pout. "I am sure it's not my fault." "lRead, read," cried, voices from the crowd. "No," said Ada, weary with the scene and mischievously inelined to punish the girl for her affectation; " all amusement must be voluntary here." The young lady took her note, with a pout that was genuine this time, and hid it in her basket. During this brief scene, Leicester had glided from the room unobserved, and two strange characters took his place. This would hardly have been remarked in so large an assemblage, but the costumes in which these persons appeared were so arranged that they amounted to a disguise. One was robed as Night, the other as Morning; but the cloud-like drapery that fell around them was of glossy Florence silk, which allowed them to see what was passing, while their own features were entirely concealed. Neither of them spoke, and their presence cast a restraint upon the crowd close around the hostess They seemed conscious of this and gradually drew back, stationing themselves at last close by a pillar that separated two rooms directly behind Ads and the group that surrounded her. Leicester had only been to the gentle. man's dressing-room, which was at that hour quite empty. He seemed hurried and somewhat agitated on entering. Going up to a light, he took a lottar-ease from his bosom, and, hastily shuffling over some papers it contained, selected one from the parcel. He opened this hurriedly, glanced at the first lines, and then looked around them room as if in search of something. Evidently the letters and poems, from which the mock postman was supplied, had been arranged there, for a writing-table stood in one corner, litered with poens, fancy note-paper, and envelopes. " How fortunate !" broko from Leicester, as he saw those accommodations, and he began to search among the envelopes for one of the size lie wanted. Having accom plished this, he placed the paper taken from his letter-case open upon the table, and the light of a wax taper that stood ready for use, revealed a tress of hair that lay curled within it. Leicester pushed the curl aside with his finger while hlie directed the envelope, re ferring to the paper every other letter, as if to compare his work with the writing it contained. When this was accomplished and his hand removed, the light fell upon his own name, written in a feminine running hand. He smiled as if satisfied with the address, replaced the lock of hair in the paper, and folded both in the envelope, which hlie care fully sealed. He left the room with a crafty smile on his lip, and beckoned to an attendant. " Take this and give it to the postman you will find somewhere in the second drawing-room. Tell him, Mrs. Gordon wishes him to deliver it when she is present; you understand ?" " Oh, yes," said the French servant, charmed with a mission so congenial to his taste; "I've had a good many to carry down before to-night." "Do this quietly- you understand-and here is something for the postage." "Monsieur is magnificent," said the man, taking the piece of gold with a profound bow. " He shall see how invisible I shall become." Leicester stole back to the reception-room again and glided into the group that sur rounded the hostess, unobserved, as lihe thought, but those who watched Ada closely would have seen the apathy that had crept over her during his absence suddenly flung off, while her manner and look became wildly brilliant once more. At this moment, Night and Morning drew close to the pillar and sheltered themselves behind it. "Here he comes-here comes our post man," cried half a dozen young ladies at once; " who will get a letter now ? Mrs. Gordon, of course 1" One of the first lawyers of the State entered the room, acting the postman with great diligence and exactitude. He carried a bundle of letters on his arm and held some loose in his hands. There was a great commotion among the young ladies when hlie presented himself; a flirting of fans and waving of curls that might have tempted any man from his course. He turned neither to the right nor left, but, marching directly up to Leicester, presented a letter, with " Two cents, sir, if you please." Leicester as gravely took the letter, drew a five-cent piece from his pooket and placed it in the out-stretched hand of the postman, with "the change, if you please." J A burst of laughter followed this scene, but the postman, no way disconcerted, placed the five-cent piece between his teeth while he searched his pocket for the change. Drawing forth three cents, he counted them into Leicester's palm and strode on again, as if every mail in the United States depended on his diligence. Leicester stood a moment with the letter in his hand, smiling, and seemingly a little embarrassed about opening it. Ada glanced sharply from the letter to his face. Even then she was struck with a jealous pang that made her recoil with self contempt. " No I no-that will never do," called out voices all around, as Leicester seemed about to place the note in his pooket-" all letters are public property here-break the seal-break the seal I" With a derisive smile on his lip, as if coerced into doing a silly thing, he broke the seal and unfolded the missive., A tress of golden hair dropped to his feet, which he snatched up hurriedly and grasped in his hand. A burst of gay laughter followed the act. " Read-road-it is poetry- we can see that-give us the poetry!" broke merrily around him. " Spare me," said Leicester, apparently annoyed ; "but if the fair lady chooses to enlighten you, lhe has my consent." Ada reached forth her hand for the paper. A strauge sensaition crept over her with the first sight of it in the mock- postman's hand, and it was with an effort that she conquered this feeling sufficiently to open the paper with her usual careless ease. She glanced at the first line. Her lips moved as if she were trying to speak, but they uttered no sound, and, by slow degrees, the red died out from them. Leicester watched her closely with his half-averted eyes, and those around him looked on in gay expectation; for no one else observed the change in her countenance. To the crowd she seemed only gathering up the spirit of the lines before she commenced reading them aloud. The paper contained a wild impulsive appeal to him, after the first jealous outbreak that had disturbed their married life. As usual, when a warm heart has either done or suffered wrong, it matters little which, she had been the first to make concessions, and, lavish in self- blame, poured forth her passionate regret, as if all the fault had been hers. In her first jealous indignation she had de manded a tress of hair, for which he had importunid her one night at the old home stead. He rendered it coldly back without a word. Wild with affright, lest this was the seal of eternal separation, she had sent back the tress of hair now grasped in Leicester's hand, with the lines which, with the plotting genius of a fiend, he had placed in her hand. Poor Ada, she was unconscious of the crowd. The days of her youth came back -the old homestead-the pangs and joys of her first married life. While ehe seemed to read, a lifetime of memories swept through her brain, which ached with the sudden rush of thought. Leicester stood regarding her with appa rent unconcern; but it was as the spider watches the fly in his net. " She cannot read it aloud-I thought so," he said inly; "let her struggle-while her lips pale in that fashion she is mine; I knew it would smite her to the heart. Let the fools clamour; she is struck dumb with old memories." Unconsciously-a cold smile of triumph crept over his lips as these thoughts gained strength from Ada's continued silence. With her eyes on the paper she still seemed to re?td. At length her guests became politely impatient. " We are all attention," cried a voice. She did not hear it; but others set in with laughing clamour; and at length she looked up, as if wondering what all the noise was about. Her eyes fell upon Leicester. She saw the smile, of which lie was probably unconscious; and the present flashed back to her brain. "He hopes to crush me with these memories," she thought, with lightning intuition. The life came back to her eyes, the strength to her limbs, and without hesita tion or pause her voice broke forth. As she went on the fire of a wounded nature flashed over her face. Her voice swelled out rich and passionately. Her woman's heart seemed beating in every word : Take back the tress I the broken chain, Its fragile folds have link'd around us, May never re-unite again I And every gentle tio that bound.us, The madness of a single hour The madness of a word-has parted, Leaving the marble in thy power, And me, ah, more than brokoen.hearted. T'ake back the tress I cannot bear To hold the link my hand has shatter'd; It mocks me, in my dark despair, With scones and hopes for ever seattor'd; It haunts me with a thousand things A thousand words, half felt, half spoken When thy proud soul with eagle wings Stoop'd to the heart now almost broken. It hauntsmo with the deep low tone That stirr'd my soul to more than gladness, When we seem'd in the world, alone, And joy grew deep almost to sadness. Is there no charm to win thee back, To wake the love thy pride is crushing? Has mem'ry left no golden track No music which thy heart is hushing? Is there within this little tress No thought but that which wakes thy scorning ? Oh say, was there no happiness Within thy breast that summer morning, Wheu from my brow the curl was shred With hand that shook in joy and terror, And love, half hushed in trembling dread, Shrunk back as if to feel were error? Mly soul is fill'd with deep regret That I, who lov'd thee so, could doubt thee ? Sweep back thy pride, forgive, forgot I Life is so desolate without thee. I will not keep this tress of hair : As ravens from their gloomy wings Cast shadows, it but leaves despair Upon the weary heart it wrings. Where hope, and lifo, and faith are given, I send it back, perchance too late; Go, cast it to the winds of heaven If it but rouse more bitter hate. I will not rend a single thread That binds my willing soul to thine: Take, then, the task; if love has fled, Despoil love's desolated shrine. Her voice seemed to vibrate over the throng full half a minute before the listeners breathed freely. The mesmeric influence of her hidden grief spread from heart to heart, till in its earnestness the crowd forgot to applaud. Thus it happened that, for some moments after she had done, there was silence all around her. The paper began to tremble in her hand-she tossed it care lessly toward Leicester. "The lady is too much in earnest-she quite takes away my breath," she said, with an air of gay mockery; "a grand passion like that must be very fatiguing." A flush rose to Leicester's brow. He took the paper, and refolding the curl of hair in it, placed both in his bosom. His manner was grave-almost humble. She had baffled him for once. But the game was not played out yet. The crowd, that observed nothing but the surface of this scene, was still somewhat subdued by it; but the ringing notes of a waltz that swept in from a dancing- saloon set the gay current in motion again. "Who was it that engaged me for this waltz ? " cried the hostess, glancing around the throng of distinguished men that sur rounded her. Half-a-dozen voices gaily answered the challenge ; but still, with a purpose at heart, she selected the most distinguished of the group, and was followed to the dancing-saloon. Leicester remained behind. Even his strong nerves were ready to break down under the excitement crowded upon him that evening. Never had he been placed in a position of such difficulty. With two important crimes, perpetrated almost the same hour, urging immediate flight to Europe, he found himself constrained to remain and secure the still richer prize the discovery of that evening seemed to place within his grasp. He leaned against the pillar near which Ada had been stationed to receive her guests, and made a prompt review of his position. "I must go," he tisought, locking his teeth hard, as the necessity was forced upon him ; "they must have time to put the boy up in Sing-Sing. The girl, too-fool that I was-she is the most troublesome part of the business. I will get her over sea at once-the witnesses are nothing-she can't live over a few months-if she does-" A fiendish expression crept over his face, and after a moment he muttered, so audibly that the two shrouded females close by the pillar heard him, " but women's hearts never do break; if they did, Wilcox's daughter would have been in her grave long ago." A faint sob close by him drove these evil thoughts inward again. There was a slight rustling near the pillar; and raising his eyes he saw the two characters, Night and Morning, gliding away towards the daneors. He did not give the circumstance a second thought, but moved down the rooms toward the conservatory, where le could plot and think alone. "Yes, I must go olf, and find a safe place for Florence. Thanks to my icy-hearted mother, who never had a visitor, there is no chance for gossip. Robert will be snugly housed when I come back; and my man shall go with me." But a now obstacle arose in his mind thee lowsr-girlthis other witness. The old people, whoso faces he had so dimly seen what if Ada should learn all from them ? The thought wits truly formidable; but ait last he thrust it aside, as undeserving of anxiety. "They will not meet; she has been years searching for them, and in vain; besides, I shall be back in a month or two. If that girl is obstinate, and won't die, let her stay behind- that will settle it probably-the hectic is on her cheek now. But I must see this proud witch to-night. Poor Ada, how much trouble she takes to prove her love-I see it all; this grand display was for me-I was to be astonished, braved, taunted awhile ; and, after a tragic scene or two, my lady is meek as a lamb once more. The handsome wretch-she did out. wit me with those lines; I thought they would have touched her to the heart. It was our first love- quarrel. How the crea ture did go on then I Now I shall find her more diflicult to bring under ; but the same heart is at the bottom. I didn't think she could have read those lines aloud-so dauntlessly too. Jove I I almost loved her as she did it. Fool that I was, to make this trip across the sea necessary. But for that I might take possession now. Ada Wilcox -my pretty rustic Ada, reigning here like a queen I Mrs. Gordon - Mrs. Gordon ! Faith, it's a capital joke. She's managed it splendidly-out-generalled Mrs. Nash and Mrs. Sykes, both. More than that, she has half out-generalled Leicester too." CHAPTER XX.-THE LAST INTERVIEW. ITr was over at. last. The saloon, the banquet-hall, the conservatory, sleeping in the moonlight shed from many a sculptured vase-all was deserted ; wax candles flared and went out in their silver sockets; gar. lands grew dim and shadowy in the diminished light; half a dozen yawning footmen glided about, extinguishing wax lights and turning off gas, but they seemed ghost-like and dreary, wandering through the vast mansion. But Ada Leicester felt no fatigue; she saw nothing of the gloom that was so Srapidly spreading over the splendour of her mansion. Hier boudoir was still lighted by those two pearl-like lamps. It was a dim, luxurious twilight, that seemed hazy with the perfumes stealing up from a dozen snowy vases scattered through the dressing room, the bed-chamber, and the boudoir. The doors connecting these apartments were ajar, but closed enough to conceal one room from the other. Ada entered the boudoir. Her step was imperious ; her cheek burning. Pride, anger, and haughty scorn swelled in her bosom, as she seated herself to wait. One of those mysterious revulsions of feelings that are so frequent to a passionate and ill disciplined nature had swept over her heart. For the first time in her life she felt disposed to sting the foot that had trampled so ruthlessly upon her. In that moment, all the strong love of a lifetime seemed kindling into a fiery hate. (To be continued.J 