Victoria Amateur Turf Club. Notwithstanding that the weather on Satur day afternoon was nucomfortably warm, thera- was & moderately large attendance at the- V.A.T.C. February meeting, which passe 1 off successfully at 'Caulfield, The arrangement ypro earned out with the club s customary punctuality, and tbe stewards emphasised their determination to have the racing rules strictly observed by inflicting heavy penalties on owners who had neglected to scratch toris horses within the specified time. For neglect ing to withdraw Manfred from Sr. Valentin? Handicap, Mr. E. Lewis was fined ten guineas, and Mr. P. Dowling was mulcted in tbe sum of two guineas for not scratching Cast away in tiuie for the same> while a fine of ton guineas was inflicted ou AIr. C- i . I:rar5er t<»r not striking The Drone's name out ut tto Welter Race. Although none of the finr-be were particularly close, tbe fields iu mo-: rd tbe events were large, and the racing alto getber was prod active of eoiue good sp'>rtt proceedings being initiated with the Selling Race, which reduced to a match between Anagram and Label. The former, who was a very strong fa vo'.uto, went to the front soon after the start, and won in a canter. The fieid in the Hurdle Roe numbered seven, Disc >unt having i>: ,st supporters, though S-indowuer, Gambler, and Vauguard each had a fair following, torn downer made most of the running, but as they rounded the home tarn Vanguard, caiclfiug the leaders at every stride, wou hv.<i heia from Sundowner, who was a neck in advance of Triolet. The withdrawal of Conj-jctme aud Attach left sixteen to go to the p>t for the Hawksburn Handicap, for which Creswick on all sides was voted a good thin::, and was backed accordingly. As Hale had the mount on Camerine many who follow the fortunes of the popular light-weight stuck to the Gippsland horse. Of the others occa sional inquiries were made for Chuckster. Agitation, and Baron von Mueller. Ca&taw.iy; and Ironmaster were in front for a greater part of the distance, and as they swept into the straight Chuckster showed a bold Trout, and eon tested the lead with Mr. Whittinghasns horses. Nearing tbe winning-post, however, Hales brought Camerine up with a rash, and secured the victory from Ironmt&er.; The winner is six years old, aud is en gaged in the Newmarket Handicap at &>t. 12lb., aud Australian Cup at 6t. 81b., and has already been backed for the former event to win about £3,000. The Steeplechase re sulted in au easy victory for Governor. Aus tralian Court, who was freely supported, being a poor second. After the race Huht, te riu=r of Napoleon, was brought up for suspicious riding, but the further hearing of the case postponed until 4 o'clock on Wednesday Xantippe fairly ran away from her oppouent& in St. valentine's Handicap, and Ironmaster ea&iiy; lauded the Welter Handicap froir- Boisterous. The following are the details o£ the racing : — Selling Rage, of 50 sovs. The winner to be sold for £100. Weights — 2 yrs., Sst. 41b. ; 3 yrs., 9st. 71b. ; 4 yrs. and upwards, 10?t. , 71b. allowed for every £25 reduction allowed in selling price. Four furlongs. Mr S. Miller's b c Anagram, by Oliver Twist — Acrostic (nil), 8 yrs, 7st 71b . . . . Olds 1 Mr J. Harper's b f Isabel (£25), 2 Yrs, 6st Sib m ' . . . . Williams 2 Betting : 2 to 1 ou Anagram. A Capital start was effected., the pair racing together for a furlong, when Anagram forged ahead, aud never being headed won hard held by aleDgth. Time, 53sec The winner was sold to Mr. A. Yuille for £30. Handicap Hurdle Race, of 75 sovs., added to a sweepstakes of 2 sovs. each for accep tors. One mile aud a half. Mr EL Evans's b b Vanguard, Proto-Martvr, f>h rs " M-Leto I Mr 5. « uson s br g Sundowner, aged, 9st 8ib „ _ , , .. Carey 2 Sir T. Jones's in Triplet, aged, ldst 51b . . Hill S Mr G. Davis'srb g Discount, aged, 9st 131b lJauv 0 Mr L. Lewis's b g Acrobat, aged, 9st 101b. . Kitduif 0 Mr J. Hardi man's br h Gambler, 5 yrs, 9st Jv Uet 0 Mr P. Gieuister's br m Aunie Liurie. aged. 9st Huht o Betting: 5 to 1 agst Discount, 4 to 1 agst Vanguard, 5 to 1 agst Sundowner, 6 to I each Annie Laurie aud Triplet, 6 to 1 agsfc Acrobat. Gambler was the quickest oa his lees at tue start, but before reaching the first hutdle Sun downer went to tbe front, and led past toe" stand, half a length in advauce of Vangqard, then came Gambler, Annie Laurie. Triplet, and Discouut. Rounding toe turn \ auguard oveipowered his rider, and rushed to the front, and as they asceuded the hill he wa? half a dozen lengths off Suudowner. Triplet and Discount were together next, while Acrobat acted as whipper-iu. Along toe back \ angutrd was eased, and Gambler, y Sundowner, to«k up the running, with Annie Laurie and Triplet nest, while Discount and Acrobat brought up the reau A earing _ the sod wall Gambler retired in tavour of Sundowner, who led round toe turn well iu front of Triplet, while Acrobat moved un third, and Gambler fell back last. Turning into toe straight Sundowner was still in front, but before reaching the last hurdle Vanguard came through, and, catching the leader iu the last few strides, won in a canter bv three r-ndowuer a »eck in front of triplet, Discount was fourth, Gambler next, »ud Acrobat last. Time, 3mm. Hawksburn 11 andicap, of 150 sovs , added to a sweepstakes ot 3 sovs. each for acceptor-. rs to 20 SO vs., ami the toird 10 sovs. from the stake. One mile aud a furl Uig. ® h m Gamerine, by Gondolier— Alio# llrOR1, k - - - Hales I Mr G- H- Read's m Agitation, « yrs, 6st 81b Mfet to h Ironmaster, V Mr D. s. Wallace's b h Oiuckst, 5 ym ' Elder s h BjLron Mueller, 6 yreglt S J 71b ,KaWB2ir 0 MrC. H. T Harts br g Trump Yoas, aged, £st 61b Mr J. Mmrison's b h Osswiok, 6 yrfSst Mr H. James's b h Santa Glaus, 6 yis, est Mr \Y. Calvert's br h Ferryman, Mr e». Maho,t's. ch h Sea Serpent, ti yts, 7st91b Mr ti. B, ToihilTs on e Lord Wiltoa, 3 vrs 7st6lb M to . Mutchies 41 «r a. ihmes's g m Josephine, « yrv, <«st 1Mb Mr k I4K.iitley ns i» in Cas«wav, 4 yrefssfclOHb «» Q Mr t, M'Naaiara's ciih King Lud, 5 yrs, Set 91b Mr jsFater«onV»bl Black Jiusoin., «gv4 Set 9b " " « « i Dtom 0 Betting : 5 to 1 ngst Castaway, 6 to 1 each agst Gamerine and Chuckster, 7 to 1 each agst Agitation, 'aud Baron von Mueller, 10 I to 1 agst Black Diamond. The lot were sent away to a capital start, I Castaway and Ironmaster taking the initia tive, and making play upjthe hill, withAgit g tion, Lord "Wilton, and Ores wick close up. Along the back Castaway was in front la neck in advance of Ironmaster, while Lord Wilton, . j "Camcrine, Chuckster, and Creswiek held cen tral positions, with Trump Yoss an King Lnd last. As they raced past the j tarn Ironmaster forged ahead of Caa - | away, and Chuckster made a forward move. Taming into the straight Chuckster and Iron- ! master were together in front, and a desperate struggle ensued home, but when within a few I lengths of the post Catherine shot out from j the bodyjof theruck, and, coming very fast, ran i home a clever winner by three-quarters of a j length from Ironmaster, who was a head in | front of Agitation, Chuckster was fourth, j Ores wick was fifth, .Castaway sixth, and Trump j Yoss and King Lud last. Time,2min 2sec. Handicap Steeplechase, of 130 so vs., added , to a sweepstakes of 3 sovs. each for ac ceptors. Second horse to receive 20 sovs., aud the third 10 sovs. from the stakes. Two miles. Mr.G. H, Read's br g Governor, by Smuggler, 5 yrs, lOst ... .. . .. .. Chaston 1 Mr T. Gorrigan's b g Australian Court, 6 yrs, list lib . . . . ... . . Scobie 2 Mr R. Johnson ns b g Napoleon, aged, lOst 71b Huhfc S Hon. W. Pearson's br g Trumpeter, aged, 12st 41b Ashton 0 Mr G. Glasscock's br g Blackthorn, aged, 12st 41b x- . . Glascock 0 Mr A. F. Sullivan's b g Songster, 6 yrs, list Sib . Batty 0 Mr G. Glasscock's b g Fickle, 6 yrs, lOst 81b .. .. Kilduff 0 »r_ T VI nrraA lnd A1K JIU tf. ill VTlQUti O U 1 K lauuuuguv, oguu, ivau Iiu I ., .. .. .. .. Hill 0 1 Mr E. Lewis's br g Tandstickor, aged, lOst lib I .. .. J. Kilduff 0 I Mr W. E. Power's b g Friendless, 5 yrs, lOst. -Carey 0 j Mr G. Glasscock's b g Hope, aged, 9st 91b. .M'Leod 0 j Betting : 4 to 1 agst Australian Gourt, 5 to j 1 each agst Tandstickor and Napoleon, 7 to 1 j agst Songster, 10 to 1 agst Governor. j When the lot were in a line, Mr. Watson 1 1 jwered his flag to an excellent start, Moonlight 1 and Songster showing the way over the first 1 fence, with Friendless, Tandstickor, Governor, j Napoleon in a line next, and Hope last. Before I r ; aching the next obstacle Tandstickor assumed I command, with Songster, Friendless, and j Moonlight next, while Hope fell further in the rear. Turning into the straight Songster was in front, but Tandstickor oame again and led over the fences in front of the s'and, just clear of Trumpeter, Moonlight, and Friendless. Then came Australian Court, Blackthorn, Songster Fickle, and Governess, Hope still acting as j whipper-in. Rounding the turn, Friendless shot up on the inside, and led over the fence on the hill, cloaelv attended bv Tandstickor and Trumpeter, all the others being close np except I Hope, whd was some fifty lengths hi the rear. Along the back Tandstickor supplanted Friendless, and Australian Court, Moonlight, and Governor made a forward movement. Moonlight came down at the sod wall, and Napoleon fell back last but one. Governor then went to the front, and led over the last j obstacle, where Tandstickor fell. Turning into the straight, Scobie on Australian Court tried hard to reach the leader, but Governor held his own to the end, and won easily by three lengths. Time, 4min. 35sec. St. Valentine's Handicap, of 50 sovs., for two years olds and upwards. Five furlongs. Mr J. Whittmgham's b f Xantippe, by Napoleon — Talkative, 2 yrs, 6st 71b . . . . Ellis 1 Mr A. Saqui's b h Mistake, 4 yrs, 8st 101b Brown 2 Mr S. Grimwood's bl h Hannibal, aged, 8st 71b Cooke 3 Mr J. Hughes's b f Amelia Victoria, 3 yrs, 8st 61b ..Foon 0 Mr D. S. Wallace's g f Duenna, 3 yrs, 8st J.21b O'Brien 0 Mr J. B. Robertson's bl c Precious Stone, 3 yrs, 8st lllb ., .. .. .. Burton 0 Mr G. Davis's b c David, 2 yrs, 8st 101b Power 0 Mr S. Miller's b in Cassiopeia, 6 yrs, 8st 91b . Olds 0 Mr E. Evans's ch m Victress, 4 yrs, 8st 61b Hales 0 Mr S. Mahon's ch c Sea Serpent, 6 yrs, 8st 51b Mahon 0 Mr H. Haines's b h Caractacus, 4 yrs, Sst 51b Williams Mr C. F. Fraseris br h The Drone, 4 yrs, 7st 121b Robertson 0 Mr J. G. Reid's br m Souvenir, 5 yrs, 7st 101b Bryant 0 Sir W. J. Clarke's b g Esmond, S yrs, 7st 41b Moore 0 Sir T. Elder's b f Portia, 3 yrs, 6st 101b Evanston 0 Betting : 4 to 1 agst Victressj 5 to 1 agst Precious Stone, 7 to 1 each agst David and Duenna, 10 to 1 each agst Xantippe and Mis- take. i The colours of The Drone, Duenna, Cas- j siopeia, and Xantippe were the most con- 1 spicuous at the start, with the favourite and j Sea Serpent in the rear. Passing the sod wall, Xantippe joined The Drone, and the pair raced together to the turn, where Mr. Whit- tingham's filly drew to the front and won in a canter from Mistake. Hannibal was third, Cassiopeia fourth, and Victress fifth ; then came Esmond, The Drone, Precious Stone, with Sea Serpent last. Time, lmin. 3sec. Welter Handicap, of 50 sovs. To be ridden ! by members or honorary members of the j V.A T.Ci , or any recogni-ed club, to be approved by the stewards. One mile. Mr J. Wbittingham's ch h Ironmaster, by Tubal Cain — Coquette, 4 yrs, 10stI2lb..Mr J. O. Inglis 1 Mr S. Mahou's br g Boisterous, 4 yrs, lOst 101b MrW. Glasscock 2 Mr J. A. Lang's b h Petrel, 6 yrs, lOst 12lb ..Mr A. H. Cox 3 Mr S. G. Cook's b h Coup d'Etat, 5 yrs, lOst 91b Mr W. Cox 0 Mr J. G. Reidsch g The Ghost, 5 yrs, lOst 81 ..Mr LDuffSt 0 Betting : 5 to 4 on Ironmaster, to 1 each agst Boisterous and Petrel. Boisterous and Petrel were indulged with the lead until reaching the straight, where Ironmaster came away, and won in a canter with ridiculous ease by four lengths ; Petrel was third, Coup d'Etat next, and The Ghost last. Time, lmin. 50sec. 