"Fttliit Heiirt XeVr Won fall Xiuly." . " A hat of last years fashion I" " But her eyes were like grey stars." "And her- manner dreadfully quick and decided." " Bright and sparkling, T should call It." 1 ' " My dear Bicluird, you are really absurd 1- Thcgirl is a hospital nurse, and what woman with any rcRnument. or delicacy would'takc up such a - ' ssion as that ? It shows she can't be r' "" .. '"Ladles : ( such things nowadays"— less defiantly. "Now y.ia know you're only saying so be cause she's pretty. Of course ladies do queer things nowadays, but tlmt doscn't excuse an unwomanly felling. Besides, she's .only n solicitor's daughter. I shan't ask mamma to call. " But don't you think common civility " "No, I don't. Sho's only staying at tho Bectory,and we're not forced to call on every one's friends. Besides, Captain Hnrdwickc is expected home, and it would make It awkward. What would ono of Lord Bel mont's people say if wo asked them to mcot a girl like Miss Travers?" All thesnmo. she's as prctly and ladylike as any one I ever nict in these parts." "\crv llkclv. but she's not in our set. Now, Itichnrd. if you say any more I shall begin to think you re fallingin love with her. if the idea is not too absurd." But Richnrd had closed the drawing-room door upon his six Hitters' languid voices, and was half way across tho wido lawn, with its brilliant parterres of summer flowers. Poor Richard Allcrrtvec I onlv son of the richest banker 111 Chellowdcan. people of good family, but with just that uncertainty of social position which maac them afraid of overstepping nnv homulnvics. rather trratified nt being on ultimate' terms with Lord Belmont and the "Hnrdwickcs. he was or devoided mind this ;sunimcr afternoon. He had been greatly taken; by tbat sweet face and slight figure 'In ' tlic Rector pew last Sundav: was senslblo of a thrill of more than civil interest when lie met their owner walking home with the good old rector nfter service, and . was : Introduced! to " Miss Travers. while the eves "like grev stars" were suddenly raised to litn: and he lind cver sirco spent a -larger portion of lifetime than wan strictlv needful In walking' past' . the Rectorv'8 rose covered gnrden gato. < lint. . on the other side, his sisters' words- had certainly struck homo. ; - : - " Brought tip ns all tho Allcrdyccs were. like hot ' house plants, ' sheHcred from : every breath of frosty air, it was not stmiigo tlint Richard at flve-aud-twentv. though a big. . burly enough vomig Ltiglishman to look nt. was but. tittlo of a man in mind or heart, knowlcdgo of the world -had been carefully ' : kept from liun. ns from his sfeters. lest they should lenrn evil : but their 'verv lgnornncc had cost' them the -less of power to choose between evil and good, mid had givon them prejudices , and : ponceltcd opinionntivencss, instead of a mind able to discern nnd prefer the right... . ;; Richard s haiuUomo . fneo.w-nB overenst as lie swung out of the lodgu gates, and down1 the road." : Miss Travers a liospitnl-. nurse I t certainly It was a. shock. Not oulydidlt seem to him unwomanly for a woman to work at all, hut infinitely more ho to do menial work. And then the awful thought of what his mothers and sisters would say were they asked to receive a hospital nurse as his future wife I For it had gone us far as that in Richard's susceptible mind, oven in these three short days. All nt once his thoughts broko off as Miss Travnrs herself, sweet nud bright ns ever, in her black dress, came out from tho Rectory gate, tho great Rectory mastiff pacing behind lier. Now Richard's own collie was nt his master's heels', and there was a bonier feud of long standing Irotwcou those two faithful followers. There wn one angry growl, n heavy rush, a thud, and then a brown body and a black rolled together In the dust in a manner suggestive of a dog's fntiural on one sido'nr tho other. Riclinrd, who was actually staggered by tbo suddenness of it nit, could' noi- for a 'moment regain his senses: and wben he. did, It' was to find Miss Travers, both white hands locked in tho hair of Rollo's shaggy neck, pulling him from his f->c with nil her strength, ami calling to "Mr/; Allcrdyco' to " tako hold of his dog and pull him off.": V Sho.was being whirled round In the cloud of , dust/by the ' frantlo wallr.crs # before hold," but that task was performed for.hini by . a . geutlemnn iu ' tweed , knickerbockers, who started out of the " Whlto Hurt," u few .yards away,. find ran to tho rescue. ' Between ' Miss Travers and himself the combatants were separated, each .carrying away a few : fragments of the other's person ; and'Miss Trpvers, flushed, panting, covered with dust, lmt looking lovelier' than Richard had ever; seen woman look before, sank liack against the Rectory wall and tried to laugh. The stranger lifted hisliat, Inukingstrnightnthcr with a jmir of piercing brown eyes. -"Kxcuse mo,' Miss Travers;" ho said in rather an off-hand manner, "but that was nlumt as rrfsh a thing as any one could possibly do. Tlio dogs might both have turned on you and bitten yon badly." " Thank you, Captain Haitlwickc, I;lmd not the least fear," was her 'only response, given with a little haughtiness; and, the gentleman. -with a nod to 'Richard: turned and strode away as rapidly as he had come. " Miss i ravcrs; are von hurt Richard was ablo to articulate at last. "\ou never should have done a thing like that: Hard- wicko was right : it was awfully rash. By tho way. you know Hardwlekc ?" " No. I m not hurt a .bit." The wonder ful grey eves were dancing with fun now. " Don't scold me, irieoso: I know , it was a silly thing to do. mtt.l-didnl stop to think. lrnv don t look so horrified I" . . " But if vou hnd been bitten "Well. 1 wasn't." And her -faco dimpled with a friendly smile at his shocked loo!:.: "But you knuw-llnrdwlckoh' Iiq p' retxiol.' unable to get over his surprise in that q mrter. ; -Oh ves." Her face grew cold IrMnirlv. "Captain Hnrdwickc was In hospital .i-hnn accident some months ago— mv hosr'.il. I had charge of him. there. . that's all. And she pulled a rose so shnrplv from tin- hs/ae that itfel! to pieces m hdr hands.. . Look tfierc l'-' shQ1 lnughcil, snwt !".- tl i» petals on the prntind before her, Vt-r . » f eiiver oyer the battle field with ilo'we:/" an-5 ' kIiu luinrhcd 'uguin,N ' : 'Hiohm-ii went'home moro tlumglitf I thin ever, hurelv tliis woman wus u novi-l ' --nv in bin rxpenencc of men nnd manner-. .v1k« a"ted with the' skill and daring of a n»'iu<- and yet he would rather not' think u- at \x\> sisters fares would be llko had thev I- t sew It. - Wns it netnallv ladvlike. or sho M s t- not mtherhnvc fled from the seem »» «. diet, or even have screamed and fu'n'r'l; l o be s:ro; she had looked as heautlf1: « nv avemnng Amazon : but was it quite rrect conduct for a girl . And Captain Marl- iriekcs manner, so abrupt nud dleli-lorml r- hn.scemetl to show her tho dlfferuuec ' - i»" tMwition;hetwcen a nnhlemnn's ncphov, ;> I , hospital liurs . It must lmve been i": -v.-k- ward mei-tlue. as l is sisters had sn" . And then a cold shiver cnmo.owr bin; It. hniigbt of Miss1 Travers iiitroduced 'is-Vv-t. Rhhnrd. Alloriivce at hclnu.nt >.»: ( rioinin l'nnlwiekoK stonv smrcof mum 't-. And'vi'— ?md vet— she was mUW- Nenrlnhrco weekR had passed since i he :log episode,1 ' and \Richnrd's cournge still wavered in tho balance.- ITo' bad grown to .know Miss Iravcrs well in those throe weeks aud io know her well was - hut tr h»vc her belter. Tliero was never a woman so sweet, so olever, so; sympathetiu, so beau ;1 .he was. certain ot . tbat— nu woman -hu mi re ardently longed to have for his own ; and vet— and yet ! That terrible strength of character, that profession, that lack of pedigree ! Only last night, in the moonlit Rectory gnrden, he had almost flung nil priidcuco to the winds, she hnd been so dangerously, futnlly sweet (she was always especially kind to him), but ho reeled back from the gulf just in time when she mentioned casually, without n change , of voice or countenance, that oho had an uncle who was a chemist nt Rochester. "A chemist 1 Shades of my ancestors, protect me 1" .Richard recoiled again as he thought of it, and fancied Hardwicke's look if ;hc could have heard her. For Captain Hnrd wickc was still at the "White Hart," arid l>erhnpfl his presence, and the atmosphere of cxnltcil society about him, had been one of Richard's restraining though' unconscious influences. Now, ns lie slowly worked his way up tho steepest hill in the ncightiorhopd, on bis new tricycle, he was pondering the old question iu his mind. Could he take the fatal plunge, or was it too costly ? A trim," graceful figure on the road before V'.n. as at lnst'he. gnlncd the summit, drove all else. to' the four winds ; and in an instant 'a- bad oyertnkon the object of bis cogitations a id sprung, to, tho ground beside her, » Mr. Allor'.-lvna !" sho snl<l. tnrnlin» with liar nwn briglit look to shake bands " how li':u a ghost you stole upon me ! Oh, I see. it was on a tricycle, and wbnt a beauty I Do lot me look at it." And Richard, nothing loath, began to display his new toy— a per fect thing in build and finish ; the Alter- dyccs possessions always were tlio most per fect of their kind. vHe began to explain it to her, forgetting nil nbout tho chemist uncle, but sbo inter rupted lilm. "Yes, I know all about them, thanks. 1 see, it is a regular bit of perfection. 1 should so liko to try it ; may I f " , ! ' Once more Ricbnrd was dumb with sur prise. A lady on a tricycle was as yet an unheard-of tiling in riistic Chellowdcan, fnnd It seemed an outrageous idea to him. /. " I really don't think you could," he fal tered. "My sisters never have' done such a '\onr sisters? oh. perhaps uot,"..witli. a little smile at the. idea. "But I am quito useil to tricyelesi I ride one whenever I can get a clmneo."' Further blow for Richard : but there was no knowing how to refuse her, and ho stood aside.' She took her place like one who was thoroughly usccf to tricycles, and he could not but admit tlint she adorned her position. What a delicious hill to run down 1" she said with a happy little Inugh. as she placed her dainty feet on the treadles. " I really must try it. " " Prav. pray don't attempt It 1 " wns Riulmrrt s horn lied remonstrance, for the hill s'retchcd down even more abruptly than otr tlie shlo lie' lind ascended, nud near the bot tom fhi-re wa« a sudden sharp turn, with the mRwftv line running just, below— the n-wi'Ht bit. or road for -miles nromul. rcr- haps crcn A.arha Travers would have hesi tated to liamrl it had it not been for the eoiiKti'mniion in Richard s face. > Mr.AlVjMvcc. vou nre faint-hearted." she said un'ly. as: she started on her, down- , 'viml '!oi:r«e a. little, more rapidly than she hid at first Intendctl, but Richard's now trb-yole r.m ciiuvothly. His heart wns in his mouth, as the country folk say; ns sho began tn glide rapidly off. She turned lier head, and flushed hnek a mem defiance. "My uiH'lu, the 'chemist nt Rochester, used to sn.v" —T hen the wicked sparkle faded suddenly, ami she cilted quick and dear. "Can vou «'P me. please I The brake :a stiff : I can t make it work : It s runninu awav." Boor R e-url of 'tlio faint heart I ltsce»cd to d:e within h:m. The next second hclind «r:rte«l fi.rwnrd. but it was j'lsc one second ,ti» lute. I lie cheek she hud been able to pi»t mi the heavy mnehtnc with tho treadles »4"isod to keep it. back, and faster and. faster it t« n< di'un the perilous road. i \- In nil Ids life to come. Richard will never know nnv minute so lung as Hint ncxr. while fi'w a'r-i'dit. -slight flutfrc living through spice sccmctl to swim before h:s ccs. and hW knees inmukcd together ns he ssood. thi. on— fuker, faster ! she manageil srihe- how to t'lhu' .to the . steering handle, and keep the nm'itno in the middle of the road ; but thu nuid'iviec grew uiore dospumtei' She oo tid nuvi-r t 'irn that fatal comer by the rnilwnv enihaiikmcnt : over it she must go. .And «t wnsjust then tlint Riehunl and she .both to'ifthcr saw tlie pnff- of snow white, smoke from the kill Hide, that told tlicm thu evening express was out of tho tunnel, and thundering down that very bit of line. It all flashed over Agatha in one rush ; would the fall kill her, or would it be the train? it must bo one or the other; the next second or two would settle that ; and a swift prayer was on her lips, but .what sho . never quite knew ; for even ns she breathed it, someone or something in brown tweed knickerbockers hurled itself over the road side fitilo before lier, a stout stick darted into the flying wheel, and with one quick swerve the tricyclo crashed into the ditch, and lay there, a confnscd mass of spinning spokes and mutilated tires, while Agatha flew out from its midst like a ball, -and alighted on a grassy bnnk a yard or two away ; and the express rushed past with a wild yell on the line just below, nnd vanished round a sharp curve that .mntchcd the road above it. Then, and then alone, did lUcbard's legs rctf dn their power of motion ; nnd be set off as f.Lst ns they could carry him to where tbo little black figure: lay. Somehow it took longer to run down that' hill than tho last descent would have led one to think; for wben Richard, panting nnd breathless, reached the scene of the accident, the littlo black figure, -very -much out of its ubu&I; trim neatness, wab seated on the grassy tnnglc that broko her fnllj busily binding up witii her own small handkerchief a deep gosh in the band of tbo knickprbockcred person who knelt nt her side. It wns a very pale fnee that, looked up at Richnnl's, with tho sort of awe tbat any human creature 'must wear, who has just been face to face with death ; but her greatgrcy eyes had a wonder ful'sliiniug light in them. "The poor "tricyclo I" she said ; "I am so ! sorry, ' Is It very badly hurt ?" And, in tho fervor pf bis relief and gladness, Richard could find words fur nothing but — "Bother the tricycle I" He was ready enough 'to say something, however, presently, when ho found himself obligcd to stop .and see its remains decently caTcd for, while Captain Hardwicke took charge of .Miss Travcrs's return to the Rec tory. - She said sho was none tlie worse for fall, but, perhaps, sbc wns a little shaken ; but Captain Haitlwickc kindly offered her his arm, and she took it. Richonl hurried after them before long, his whole hcait aglow. Tlint awful minuto this afternoon hnd taught him that life without Agatha Travers would seem a poor nnd worthless thing, were she a factory girl. He hurried after them, therefore, and cnine in sight of ' the Rectory gate ns two bauds, one very ncntlv bandaged, unclasped over it. and a small dark head raised, itself swiftlv from a brown tweed shotddcr. where it seemed to have licen resting. "Good grnoiQusi" wns all Richard could utter, ns Agnthn vanished, nnd Captain Hnrdwickc. looking odiously radiant, sauntered towards him. "Ah, Allcnlycc; ' old fellow, caught us, . have vou ! Thou I nmv ns well tell vou nil my . tremendous good luck nt once, nnd take vnnr (mimMitilntinnq. Ivi-Tinm vmrri hrnitii iiow Miss Iravcrs' nursing saved my life last vcar. nud when of course I fell in love with her. as who would nt : Mic would have it. It was only graiitnde, and refused to lctme make wlint she called li misalliance, just be ennso there's that brute of a title coming to inc some day. I told her I thought all that / ruhhisli wns. obsolete; and offered to drop the . - title altogether if she liked ; but nothing would do, and wo parted rather out ot temper. 1 heard she was dowu here, and - mn down to see my uncle, hoping lie would talk lier over, but 1 began to tliiuk it. was no ; use. And. do von know. 1 wns frantically jealous of you. old fellow ! I saw she liked you. nnd I almost believe you could hive gut mo out. early in the dav. if ou d lad tire , pluck to trv. sho wns so set against n;e. But to-day has made It nll'right, And sh? thinks I've saved her life this time, so woVu qnits. Well, old man, am i not the luckiest raau' '-; alive?" . . ' ' ! But — hut—" stammered the/ v. retched. Richard, "surely, her family : " ' "bhes an orphan. Oh. I see what you - mean: she told me a)ic hnd 1>« pi. shocking- vou with an uncle whos a ctcmisl. or ft butcher, or goodness knows wkat. Bah 11 - should think the mere fact of being a: hos :. pital nurse wns a patent of nobility to any, woman. But if inv little girl iverc.abeggnrV.', miiid she would still be a real princess. . God; ' bless her 1" . / " And Richard's groan: nmy'havc'. becn .'an' . assent,. .. ;-vs (u our next— " Tbo Captains Umbrella." .. 