'humor. - Hooleham's Wake. "Is it the health ye're askin' for ? If O'ive any left afther toastin' it away all night at Hoolehan'e wake O'im lucky. "The widdy tak Boolehan's death very mucoh at heart an' kept bellowin' an' eoreech in' louder than Mickarty's prize pig at Balley varney fair, from mornin' till night. We de. tarmined to quiet her some way, an' Mike MoGinnies goes up to her and see he, 'Don't mind, Winny--eense me, I mane Mrs. Hoole. han-but don't fret aether Dinnie any more, for whin the twelve months is over O'ill marry yic meseilf.' Oh, the party oraythur, but how abhe ehanged all av a suddinti She had a loite eoize picther avHoolehan down to the ehowl der, weepin' over it, but risin' and droppin' it from her lap onto the sofy, she wiped her eye tid the cormer av her apron, and sez a:he, Will ye havehot wather in yare whisky, Miether MeoGinnies, or take it in its naohnral estate ' "Miether MeGinnilss preferred havin' the hot wather, an' while Mrs. aoolehan was in the kitehen gettin' it we nied arrangemints to keep her in good humor, for her asrryins on before tak all the loife ohd spirit out av an. "The huare weeas cleared, an' by the time she kemrn back wewere ready for a brake-down, but Winny olapped the punch on the table and threw up her hands in holy horror. "' Meelys murther I' ees she; ' is this thi way ye rioerince the mimory av me poor dead husband?' " Osh! we all thought she was goin' to bawl out agin,whin Mike McGinnie whispered a few words in her ear and pinched her on the arrum, an' aeither takin' her into the dinin'-room an' givin' her some blarney she kem out willin' an' smilin'. So we sint little Jimmy ioaoh off for the fiddle. He's always up to some plaguoy thriok. It tuk him so long that we all wint to supper. lHe didn't go away, but watched us outside the windy, an' whin we wint to supper he stole in an' got under the same shatewith the corpse. We thought it was one av Jimmy's oeld thrioke to fool us out av our dance, an' we detarmined not to let him have the best sav ns, so McGinniss an' meself got upon the flare an' somminced dancin' away while all the min prisint kept whistlin' ' The wind that eheakes the barley" whin, behold you I the habate began risin' an' kipt risein' higher aen hightr till Dinny, ;as we thought, eat bolt npright under it, an' inavoioel ixeotly like hie own, esid,~ as ~md as coaMld beJ 'How dare .yi insult' my mirmory? ?ow dare "What did we do? W bi'rsh int r mimbranoe avso MoGn e. haW utandin' on ind,hias eyes startinl' trA-n .th roeetokand his mouth big enough to jiapown into, . but bhyant that an' Mrs.Hoslebn hollerioa' , sut, ' ndaade; Dinnls MeGinnies won't have.. me, an' I won't marry any one but you,' nwe ll stood like staotues, an' not wan av ashal thaeourage to move till the wind blew open the dnre an' put out tho light. "Thin was. the soramblin' an' ehidfin'. Jimmy, av onore, jumped down andgrabbed lut wan an' thin another, an' being's ve strong bye, his pinches were no - ll matter. "Now, O'lm a very gallant mwato the ledldiee, an' always wlalin to raorifoe meelfl for their party gakes whin any namhorml dan' ger preeinte itself, but whin it Comes to the supernaohorsl Oi till ye what, me be, I look out for my own skin. ' Whatwae the ind av it? Well, theitend ' for me was this: Whin the ligt wspapt out, an' Oi, like all the rest, theought Dintmwse at me heele, I put for home wide ep ado uioh ad shame the algles av the air. Meft]hl y seemed to touch the ground, as I winet'over cobblestones an' ditches moreloike abirdthan a man. Two policemen gey chase to me, an' foired shots at me, but they couldn'j eatoh me. Me sowl was bhint on runnin' n', to ' tell the truth, Oi don't belavse 01 could sv stopped if Oi'd tried. Oi paght to imntio,. here that Oi had or. white odrdmoy treeghee, an' as O took afd me oeat before bgnnin' to. dance wid MoGinniss 1Oi presinted ulte a quare epeetacle. To give e an inastanoe av the flight wid whioh Oi flew, let me tell ye that the San Jose hfreight train was eomino'ia, an' me path for two blioek lay alogude av the traeok, but Oi kept pace with the:ilgine all along, an' frainom the pale seared faibe.tv he engineer, Itbink he must have tik mne for.a ghost mesiil." Bo?res, Blas. 