ECHOES OP MELBOURNE '???'?' mBt The Ghost.) ; The Mining on 'Private Property Bill, ?the twenty-seventh measure of : the same name that ' has been brought under the notice of successive Legislatures during the .last thirty years, has passed its crucial stages in the Council, and: is now. all but ready for transmission to '. another place/' That it will thence return to its nnfhnro with some.. very serious modifications in its most important clauses is well known. The 'reformed' Upper House may see fit in its wisdom to accept the suggested changes, and will no doubt go «6me distance , put of its way to meet the demands of the Assem oly; Should ? didcrotion ' not,' how ever, temper- the' valour of this, lat ter 'body, and- some of the 'amend- ments'' 'which' ? the Opp6sition intend to: move, be: agreed to, yet another will be added to the long list of ? abortive attempts made to deal with an ? apparently simple matter, and a 'burning. question' be, left to blaze or smoulder at the sweet will of political wire-pullers. . -....,? In the Assembly the Land Bill . still blocks . the way. The tide of 'second reading' speeches shows, howover, some signs ' of slackening, and next week the discussion of the clauses of\the measure in committee will proceed, and everything will be ''? plain sailing/' Mr. Service haa agreed to: all that the miners demanded, in fact he always, he' explains, intended that , they should- dig ^-at' will all over ' the colony, and it was only their' obtnseness or the ^' cussedriess' of the -Mayor that has prevented his good. , intentions : from being apparent rail along. There are, of course, two^opinions hi this regard, -but there certainly is only one in; respect ; to the great capacity displayed by -the Premier; for what a distinguished British statesman, and a, countrymen of, Mr. Service's, happily, termed .'the 'art '.o^ booing.' Th'e. head of the Government has evidently laid to heart the moral of the fable of the oak and the bull-rushj and is perfectly 'aware that the best way to weather the storm is to bow to it, and he ? bows accordingly. .'?-'? :; ??? .«-??? The Severance Bill of the Scots Churoh has had its third innings in the Assembly. On Wednesday Mr. Harper,- the -chosen representative of the General Presbyterian AssemWy,' continued his apparently intei minable speech, which he has, however, promised to bring to a conclusion on Wednesday fortnight. If every opponent of the measure ^occupies three.evenings;:'as the member for East Bourke ? has done, it is. easy to see that; with only two hours of every alternate Wednesday devoted to the discussion of the bill, it is :not likely to pass duringthe present ^session; Were Mr. Harper not a very^good young man, and a pillar of the churchy he would, per haps, be acoused of 'stonewalling.' As it is he .is only? amenable to the charge 'of thoroughly wearying his fellow members, a feat in which he achieves an_ undoubted success. That he is only the mouthpiece of others is now plain. The opinions obtained by the trustees of the Scots Church and the Argus in respect to the legal aspect of the question have caused' the opponents of the measure to execute an entire change 'of front. Mr. Webb, Q.C., has unhesitatingly stated that the Collins-street proporty— the real cause of the quarrel — belongs to the congregation, and not to the denomination, and the talk . is therefore'no long'or of ?' spoliation.' On Wednesday Mr. Harper, who was avery lion the week 'before the legal opinion was given, roared as meekly ?as a sucking dove, and contented himself with describing the preamble of the bill aa 'illusory,' the Scots' Church' having nothing to complain of at the hands of the Presbytery.' To those who know the bitter animus displayed towards the Rev. .Charles Strong, by his brother divines, -this assertion must have come somewhat as a surprise. Indeed, the derisive laughter which greeted ' the' statemont must have shown Mr. Harper that his zeal had outrun his discretion, and that his allusion to the late pastor of th'e secessionists had landed him on dangerous , ground. One or two more speeches against the bill, framed on the lines of Mr. Harper's, will assuredly ensure, the -passing of the measure by a ? large majority. ?!.,?? ; Mr. ; liorferd 8 chances of a seat oh the Supreme Court Bench, are; looking ; up. ' Sjr'William Stawell, on whom hard- work and the life he led when 'youth's 'hot blood : swelled, his , veins '. are beginning to tell, has;,been compelled,- owing -to ill health, to seek relaxation in a ? trip to Sydney. .The Chief : Justice can at any time retire on an allowan.ee equal to two .thirds of . ,-his salary, of: ^63500 per annum, : and is, so it.is whisperedj not disinclined to acgep't the* otium Hum dignitdte' yrlaoh. a ' 8uug pensioner enjoys.-. SHould theimembee 1 for1' Beech-worth attain the object of his desire, it will be but anothor' illustration: of the saying which avers that ' every thing comes to him who waits.' And, Mr. Kerferd at present Attorney-General of/ Victoria, has assuredly been waiting a Very long time. ? ? ? ( The French have a saying that on rivient toujours a ses premieres amours. Mr; Tylecoto, who' may be remembered as the wicket-keeper of the cricketing team brought out to Australia by the hon. Ivo Bligh, has proved the truth of the adage ' by returning: to Victoria to . claim the hand of a bride*- on whom, let it 'be hoped in- order fully to bear out the old- saw,'he has lavished his 'first love.' Next month he is to bo married to ; ' the eldest daughter of Victoria's first created baronet, with whom ho will doubt . less, as the , story-books have it, ' live happily for 'evermore afterwards.' .'' The last dread penalty of the Liw has been paid by James ' Hawthorne, found guilty of fratricide by a- jury of his coun ? trymeh. The case is unsatisfactory, in so ^far that' the doomed man to the latest moment' of his life denied his guilt, and the evidence' upon, which his conviction was based was entirely of a circum stantial kind. The testimony , of the black trackers ? mainly contributed ? to place the halter round the culprit's neck. It will be recollected that the aboriginals were relied upon, in the case of the still undiscovered Pettavel' murderer, and although they had been :well tutored, and' in police parlance, ' swore up to the. mark,' their evidence was disbelieved at the preliminary enquiry, , and the trackers were subsequently proved to be wrong. May there not in ; Hawthorne's case also have been a mistake? The thought that ?the wrong man -has. beon hanged is cer tainly far from' an agreeable one. The pious proclivities of Mr. James Campbell, the Postmaster-General of the present Victorian Ministry, and Mr. James Munro, erstwhile a shining Parliamentary' light and chief champion of the local optionists, are well known, and the presence of these gentlemen on the platform of the Melbourne Town Hall to welcome the advent of 'Colonel' Booth, of the Salva tion Army, need not therefore be a matter of much surprise. -But who ever imagined that Mr. Berry, who is certainly, to say tho least of it, very far from being a member of the goody-goody guild, would' be numbered among the elect? Yet strange as.it may appear, it is nevertheless true. Amid loudshouts of 'Hallelujah ! Amen!' Mr. Campbell announced that 'a prior engagement' alone prevented the Chief Secretary from taking part in the meeting.' The discovery of Saul among the prophets, the fly. in ambor, the devil among the tailors, or Jjamei'in a lions uen, are hardly calculated to 'cause more wonder. Assuredly the age of miraclus has come again. Mr. Berry, 'the hero; of Black , Wednesday; and of many another episode overwhichit is well to' draw the veil of charitable oblivion, presented to an ad miring throng of 'Hallelujah lasses' as an angel - of light and , purity, : is indeed a sight, for both' gods and men. And the ? more especially, when it- is borne in mind that as a rule the female members of the Army are not renowned- for either youth' or beauty, does the why and the wherefore of Mr. Berry's conversion become matter for wonderment. Ah ! if Colonel Booth was only 'up' in colonial history, his joy over the latest recruit to the jegiment he com mands . would most certainly be of the ' ninety-ninth ' kind. .; .,:.-.: ...... The attendance at the- various places .of -public :. amusement,- has,' 'been: mode-.. rate throughout '.thV week; 'Macbeth'' still keeps its - place in ? ? the -.bills of the Eoyal, despite tho fact that Mr. Vernons assumption of the title' ro le, and Miss Gtenevieve Ward's., perfor mance of Lady Macbeth, bear abun dant testimony to the fact that first . class ?comedians are at times very second rate when they essay tragedy. It is, however, announced to give place to the drama of ' Jane. Shore.' The Bijou has presented 'Maritana' and the 'Bohemian Girl' with tolerable success ;^and at the Opera House Clark and Eyman's comedy company/have produced the great boat racing drama, 'Formosa.' At the Prin cess the ?? 'Parvenu' .still runs, and' no change is announced. Chiarini's circus is' doing but a moderate business, its 'novel- ties' being played out.' ? August 23. . ? ' ? . ' 