THE HANDS OF JUSTICE. BY F. W. BO J JNSOW, AaSha? of 41 (Jrandmothei r Mfoaoyj" "Cowsrff Cotwcleacej" "A Woman' fiaascmr'' "far Bar Sake &c.;, &c.; Fsbilshed by special arraaaemsnS wich fcbs Aoi&sr.; All rights rasarTod. BOOK HI.—APPRO ACHING THE TRUTH. Chapter XX. —The Night Walk. Over thegriof at Farm Forlorn, caused by the passing away of Hester Brake from the cares and troubles of daily life, we can afford to draw the veil. It is enough to state that Iheit was real sorrow in the nouse of mourn rg,' and many weeping for the loss of her. The Mrange woman had never secured much love for herself; < nly one had ever professed to love her, or to be graceful for her guidance, and almost against her will she had brought discord into the lives of those by whom she had been surrounded. She had meant all for the beat; she had despised hypocrisy, and set herself to baffle it; she had been irritable, suspicious, jealous, and eccentric by turns; but tLere were many in Farm Forlorn who beard of her decease with wet eyes and quivering lips. Kitty was in the dead woman's room, in consolable, • "I have lost the one friend I ever had," she cried; and Mrs. Chadderton leaned over her and attempted solace vainly. " God will send you another friend," said Mrs. Chadderton; "you must not grieve like this for her." " If I had only seen her at the last, if they had not sent me from her, if I might have told her she was wrong in all her thoughts of Greg," moaned Kitty to herself; " if I could have seen her once more; if she had only lived another day!" Greg Dorward's thoughts were very different from these. " If she had only died twenty-four hours earlier," said Greg, moodily, to John Wood batch, when the news was brought to him that Hester Brake was dead, " it would have been so much the better." " For you, or her ?" "For both of us," was the reply. "I should have esteemed her more, and she would not have raked up a terrible story, and connected me with it in this fashion." "Shall we speak of it now?" asked Wood' hatch calmly. " Yes, surely," was the quick reply. "Let us get out of the house,"said tha farmer; there are too many listeners here. And time is precious to you." Greg looked at his master, but said nothing. He was suspected then in earnest; this was. no delusion, no wild dream of a wild woman. Even John Woodbatch believed what Hester Brake had told him. And yet how often had he spoken disparagingly of her manner and ideas, setting down the trouble in his housa at times, the difference between his friends, to her interference. He did not seem to think of this, or regard Hester Brake in any way, save that of one whose word was an infalli bility. They passed out of the farmhouse together ; it was dark night, with the sky sown thick with stars. John Woodhateh looked up at them for a moment, as if marvelling at their beauty, and then master and pupil were on the high road together. At a short distance from the farm there was a figure waiting for them—a shadowy, un gainly figure, who, it was evident, was ex pecting them to come that way. " Who is this?" asked Greg, suspiciously. "It is Reuben Fladge," answered John Wocdhatch; he has been waiting for me." . It was on Greg's lips to ask a second question, but for some unaccountable rearon he refrained. It was as well not to appear too curious, or too suspicious. Reuben Fladge slouched towards them with his head bent down, and his hands thrust to the bottoms of his pockets. Tno news had reached him, too, of Miss Brake's death. " So she's gone, air," he said, when they were all three together on the high road. " Yes, Fladge; she is gone." " She was a friend to me. And," he added, " I'm awfully sorry. It's one good un gone; isn't it, Mr. Woodhateh ?" "It is." "And the good are precious scarce " • .ri Fladge, quite philosophically; "a f t two like me might go, and nobody or the sorrier; but one like her is mL „a." "Yes, Fladge, the good are precious scarce," repeated John Woodhateh, ironically. " When's the funeral ?" "The funeral?" " It'll be a fine un, I hope," said Fladge. "There should be a rare fuss over her, ho, ho! if I had any think to do with it." "She is not in her coffin yet," answered the master, moodily; "and we are not in a hurry to think of her grave." They walked on slowly for a few paces, side by side; Greg Dorward, the man under suspicion, wondering at the other two. S id demy John Woodhateh stopped again,' and Greg stopped with him; Fladge plodding slowly in advance. "Greg," said Woodhateh, "you say it is all false, and you have been wrongfully accused?" "I do." They went on again. When they had overtaken Fladge, John Woodhateh said to him— "Do you remember my instructions?" " Every word on 'em, master; to be sure." " Then go." Reuben Fladge touched his cap, and with long, uncouth strides went away down tho road, and was quickly lost in the darkness. The tramp of his rapidly receding footsteps was heard for a few mements after he had. disappeared, and it seemed to Greg's quick ears that he was running. Greg Dorward did not ask for an explana tion of this movement, and affected not to be interested by it, or to connect it with tha charge of murder which had been made against him. He felt it was all part of the new and lurid light in which he stood, how ever ; that in some way or other a chance had. been offered him, and he had let it pass, as a chance of atonement, or confession, might have been offered to a guilty man. John Woodhateh explained for himself that this was so; and yet his explanation was. more of a myBtery than ever. "I can trust Fladge," he said; "and strange it is that poor silly fellow is tha only one on whom I can rely—on whom wa both can rely," he added. " Why should I rely on him ?" asked Greg ; in what way does he affect me ?" " Not at all, I hope. Yonr being innocent makes all things dear and straight. Your being innocent," he continued—"why, thera can possibly come no harm of this. Other wise " "Otherwise," repeated Greg, in a low voice. " Otherwise it may be—destruction!" Greg did not reply. The mysterious natura of the forces opposing him, working against him, was beyond his power to fathom yet; and he could not confront that which, at pre sent, was concealed from him. He was at war with the dead, not with the living, • and he could not confront them. The old man* Spikins, in the churchyard, the woman, stilt and cold at Farm Forlorn, were the enemies of his peace, and he knew not what they had said in their lifetimes, or why John Wood hatch should put his trust in them, and keep it from himself. He had not long to speculate on thi3. "We will walk by the sea, Greg," said Woodhateh; "there will be no one to marvel at us there. And then, I can explain." " I am quite ready, sir." But there was John Woodhateh to marvel at Greg Dorward's coolness—his imperturba bility. Nothing shook the nerves of tha young man, who was prepared for any reve lation. Surely this was conscious innocence, thought Woodhateh, and all was not deceit and bravado after all. They struck off from the high road by tha shady path well known to both of them, as a short cut to the sea. They did not exchange another word till the dark sands were beneath their feet, and the wind was moaning across the sea at them; where, in the distance, the restless, white-crested waves seemed rising np, like ghosts, to look at them, and wonder what their errand was at that hour. They might be speaking in hoarse murmurs of them, too, and passing the news on, mile by mile, along the store, and dashing with it against the Yorkshire rocks eorne twenty miles away 1 They turned in the direction of SkegsShore, where the village was where Morris Brake was murdered, and the grey stone church where Greg was to have b8en married, aad the silent churchyard, where the man struck from life lay sleeping "unavenged '—a* Hester Brake considered it—where Lucy had. lived, whom these two men both had lo red, and loved strangely considering her past and their own. " This way," said Greg. " Would it notb® better to take the coast towards Bleathorpe? No one would meet us in that direction." "Does it matter?" "Not at all." "Then we will goithis way, where the truth will meet us presently," replied tha farmer, (To be continued. J The genius of discovery is so aspiring in its ambition that it never stops short of complete triumph. Its conquests are. certain, itB victories consummate. The crown it wears is wrested from patient labor, and wrought of the tireless efforts of energy and research. The achievement that cave t<> the world Udolpho Wolfe's Schiedam Aromatia Schnapps wili live in the history ol curative science su long as the human frame i3 subject to natural diseases, la 