... `necdotes o, uin.: Quin, ho sood't thie he?'?ofis'profes sion until the: ppaan e of cGarick, was a native o Ireland. ," ... " Quin understood the art of good living. His constant allusions to the pleasures of the table, to the merits of well-hung venison, and the delicious flour of John Dories, were merely pleasaut, intentional, and ostentatious' affectations, just as was his remark when he first saw Westminster Bridge : " Oh that my mnouthere' that centre ~rirce and, thaht the. fiver f ' lareti I , . _ When6 i psonn, hatuhor of "The Sea so.ns;a-wconfinedirran' sponginghouse-for a debt of £70, Quin went to see him. "I have come to sup with you," said Quin, "and, uas..ppRps.e,.. old.,hbe..incoarenienato I have a supper dressedhere, Itook thel liberty' of ordering pneat the tavern hard.by, and I have brought! "half-dbzen'oft claiet byjr .a of prelude." Supper over, the. actor said": "It is now tih~ tPit we should' balance ac counts. .ahe.pileasire'I have had in lerusing your works I cannot estimate at less than one. hundred pounds,.'aid'I'ndw'infsist on acquit ting the debt.,, Saying which he placed a note on?the.table and disappeared., ., ; ::! Travelling with,his friend Ryan, inWilt shire, aQin alighted: at an :inn and was :told by the landlord that, his;house bein.fall; he:, could",offer: them no.bedreom, save one which, washaunted r : .;, ,'.The; yery: thing,".' c ried'- Qui: ." 'Let; us have aupper,in thehaunted roonimandl bring u abottle o your, best." .: ..,The meal despatched, Quin drew his pistols, chargedthem, and. called for more wine:: ,:: ,,Now,!" said he, '!we are prepared; ;let the ghost come when he.list.'" ;,Midnight sonnded, but no ghost appeared; but,,shortly after, a rumbling noise was heard in the chimney, and a :tall figure, attired in customary white and :flowing garments, de sceideld, maide twd or three gestures, but of ;red no spiritual violence. Quin took up a pistolIand 'acried': " Angels and rhinisters' of grade; look here. Mr. Ghost, ,I am, speaking to you; ,and, if you do not this instant, acknowledge yourself to be one of theh'iuiin species, I'll make a ghost of you in earnest I' ,The apparition fell upon its knees, and ex plained that it was the master of the adjo.in - ing house, and had.,contrived an opening in he ,chimneyin order;to terrify the landlord,, and prevail upon him to quitithe house, that he, the,ghost, might see,his owniname swing upon the sign-post. The spectre was imme diately compelled to drink a bumper, the host was summoned, and-the unfortunate;ap parition was compelled to leave the neighbor 