? — ?? ? ' ?'— HOME AND FOREIGN .; ' IRELAND. ? ? A FRIGHTFUL DISCOVERY. STAETLING CONFESSIONS BY CONSCIENCE STRICKEN INFORMERS. 'I am going before ray God. I am as inno cent as the child in the cradle.' These words were spoken by poor Myles Joyce a couple of years ago, on the scaffold, before he suffered the extreme penalty of the law, for having shared in the commission of the terrible Maamtrasna murders. Poor Joyce was a Catholic. _ He had devoutly re ceived the Last Sacraments. He was fully conscious that in another rninuto he would be launched into eternity, and would have to faco his Maker. Taken in connection with equally solemn protestations of innocence a few months before by men in like terrible circumstances, the incident created considerable sensation at the time. The conscience of the Catholic public, at least, was not satisfied that there had not been an awful mistake somewhere — that the evidence on which these unfortunate men had been convicted had not been properly sifted, or had been manipulated in a manner un happily not familiar in the sad history of Ireland. But in the i'U3h and whirl of existence the fate of poor Joyce and his hapless companions was soon forgotten. Light has, however, been shed upon the ghastly subject from an unexpected source. It will be remembered that the evidence against Myles Joyce was much weaker than that against the other two prisoners, and depended upon the testimony of two in formers, Casey and Philbin. Both of these men have now made public confessions of perjury. On Thursday, the 7th August, an extra ordinary and memorable scene was witnessed in the parish church of Partry. His Graco the Archbishop of Tuam, the Most Rev. Dr. M'Evilly, was about to administer the Sacra ment of Confirmation to a number of his flock; the church was crowded with young and old ; the murmur of prayer filled the building, which was hushed for a moment as the Archbishop took his place in front of the altar to commence the celebration of the sacred functions. At this moment a man dressed in peasant garb, and with all the marks of great mental trouble on his haggard countenance, stood up in the church and proceeded to address the Archbishop. In an instant all eyes were turned upon him. A feeling of curiosity and of awe pervaded every breast — a feeling whick soon deepened into pity and horror as the wretched man went on to tell the Archbishop and the con - gregation the terrible atovy which the work ings of his conscience had forced him to re veal to them. Before them all, and in the presence of the Blessed Sacrament upon the altar, he made a solemn confession that the evidence he had given against Myles Joyce and four other prisoners in the Maamtrasna case was untrue, and was sworn under pres sure, to save his own life ! The Archbishop felt almost petrified with grief and horror. A thrill, a shudder, went through the crowd of people ; sobs and groans mixed with the murmur of astonishment that filled the church. But the self-accused and repentant man repeated his terrible confes sion. Casey declared that at the trials he had perjured his soul ; he had sworn falsely' against innocent men ; he had helped to send one of them to the gallows, and four others into the long o,gony of penal servitude for life. For his own part, he was now willing to suffer punishment for his dreadful crime, and to make any reparation that might be in his power. He had only one excuse to offer for his conduct, and that was that he was inveigled and terrified^ into it by the Crown Solicitor, Mr. George Bolton. casey's confession. A special reporter of the Dublin Free man's Journal was sent to interview the two men at Glensaul. Casey gave ready answers, and said that he first offered to give evidence on the Thurs day before the trials commenced in Dublin. Mr. Bolton sent a messenger to him who brought him to a private room, where he was left with Mr. Bolton. Now, said Mr. Bolton, Casey, your brother- in-law's giving evidence in this case. Are you going to do the same P I am, said Casey, in the truth, bat nothing but the truth. Very well, said Mr. Bolton, lot us hear the truth. I, continued Casey, started, and told him a few words, and Mr. Bolton said, oh, that is nothing at all. I won't accept that. We then had a few words in private, that is as to how the case was — them that was in it and them that was not. I mentioned as amongst those who were not in it Myles Joyce, Pat Joyce, Martin Joyce, Thomas Joyce, John Casey, and Anthony Philbin. 1 did say that Philbin was not in it. Mr. Bolton then said, 1 won't accept that without you correspond with wluvo you? brother. -in-kw has given. He then, showed me what my brothorin law had given, and he said, You went to his house for him that night. I said 1 did not, and added, I don't care if you don't accept that—I can say no more. He then cnllod tho wai'dor, who took mo back to the cell. 1 think that was on the Thursday, and on the Saturday following 1 went to the priest. I was giving myself up then to be hanged — I was giving myself up to God. Then came the day of trial. 1 saw Philbin going out in a cab. We — that is the rest of prisoners— were in the van, the whole nine of us together, and we were talking about it. Oh, said they, between ourselves, there is nothing to save us from being hanged. I said, but what about the inno cent P Can't we help them that was not in it? Why would you not go and tell the truth, and let those that are innocent escape ? Wo wore in the dark, the whole nine of us, and the warder came to the door, and Thomas Casey was called. I went outside. nPhfirfi yit-h M'r_ 'Rrjul'sr anrl 'Mr. TSnltnn. n.tif) the governor of the jail. Mr. Bolton said, Casey, are you going to give evidence ? Now you are getting a chance to save your neck from the gallows. I said, Well I would like to give evidence fair. I don't like to give anything wrong. Ma\ Bolton then said, Well I will give you twenty minutes to say yes or no, and i£ you don't say yes, you will be the fourth man I will put on trial, and you will be surely hung. I will give you twenty minutes. I did not say a word for ten minutes or so, and I suppose they thought I was staying too long, and he brought me to another room, where we were alone, and he brought out the statement and read it all over again, and showed it to me, and now, said he, can you read P and I said, 1 can't read but a few words, and he showed me Philbin's name written to it with his own hand. I knew that the thing was put down, and I then started to give him my evidence. Did you give him anything but the truth ? To be sure I did. I gave the same evi dence as Philbin to save myself. It was false that Philbin was there at the murder. He was no more there than the child unborn. He swore that 1 went for him. and I was compelled to say the same. I would not be taken as a witness if I did not do that. Philbin swore that Myles Joyce went into the house and Pat Joyce and Pat Casey. It was 1 talked about Nee and Kelly. You know, as a matter of fact, that Myles Joyce was not there P 1 am sure he was not. Myles Joyce was not there, nor Philbin, nor the four men who are in penal servitude. How is it that the police found Philbin's trousers wet, as if newly washed P If they found it as wet as that river there (pointing to the river, on the bank of which we were standing), he was not there. It is a shame for him, and I think if he was pressed he would acknowledge it right. Being asked why he had not told it sooner, he said — If I thought I was going to stop at home — if I had gone away 1 would have left a declaration behind me. My object in going beforo the Bishop was to get pardon. I want to go before tho Bishop and before God to get pardon, and I give myself up to my country. I thought it was necessary to make reparation as far as I could before I would die. philbin's confession. This closed the interview with Casey, and with his concurrence and accompanied, or rather followed3 by him, we proceeded across the mountain in the same fashion as before to Philbin's residence. Philbin was not at all so inclined to be communicative, and it was only when Casey arrived, and chiefly in answer to questions put by Casey, that he made any statement whataver. He admitted that he was not in the mur der, although ha had sworn that he was. You swore that Tom Casey came for- you P Yes. And that he brought you with him P Yes. And you were compelled to swear that P I had no other way of saving my life. Mr. Bolton said to me, Tom Casey came for you. Whatever I knew I learned from the evi dence of Anthony Joyce. Bolton came to me about seven days before the trial. I told him 1 was not there at all. I denied it. He said, But Joyce says you were : and then I made up a statement out of Joyce's evidence, and Bokon said he had that and more from the Joyces, and then he said, By this (meaning the press or whatever he had in his hand) that if I would not tell him the truthlvould be hanged. At all events, you know nothing of tho transaction except what you have heard P I was not there that night. How did you come first to give evidence P 1 spoke to the warder often, and he said that 1 should not be there. 1 asked if there was any scheme to get me out of it. He said, Write to the Crown Solicitor and give him your statement, and when I gave him my statement he said that would not do. He said that if I would say anything that would reverse the statement of tho Joyces that would not do, that he had tore that from the Joyces. Then I told him clean plump. There was no choice for me. In answer to further questions Philbin said, Tho warde? told rno to write to Mr. Bolton and to make my statement. I was not able to givo my statemont, because I knew nothing about it ; and I told him 1 heard nothing about it. He called me into the office, and 1 made a kind of statement to him. He said it was no use, that it was all blather, and that ho had moro than ? that, frbm the Joyces, and that he knew more than I knew. Then I told him I was not there, good or bad. Then he asked me if I knew any of the prisoners who were in it. 1 said 1 tvas not there, but as far as 1 could learn from them some of them were in it. They sent Casey and me together into tho back yard ol the prison. On a'subsequent day, I don't know which date, i 1 sent for Bolton, and 1 told him 1 would tell him tho whole thing. He said to make a clean breast of it. 1 made the statement my self. Whatever 1 picked up 1 picked up from the Joyces. This is a corroboration of Casey's state ment. There is also the dying declarations, repeated with passionate, heartrending em phasis, of Myles Joyce himself. He con tinued protes' ing his innocence until he was choked. The last agony of this unfortunate victim of British vengeance was appalling. Marv/ood having bungled the execution, he i jumped into the pit and literally kicked Joyce into eternity. Again, there is the statement made by the men who were really guilty. Each oi: them signed a declaration that Myles Joyce was innocent. These de positions were sent to Earl Spencer, but the gentle and just threw them aside. and ordered Myles Joyce to be hanged according to law. Where arc those declarations now P have they been destroyed P We shall see if they have been preserved among the bloody chronicles of the Castle. For Earl Spoucer they are ghastly spectacles, if they are still in existence. But extant o-? not, they are terrible disturbers of the conscience that must bear to tho last day the frightful responsibility of Myles Joyce's judicial murder. ARCHBISHOP M 'EVILLY 's LETTER. The important communication of his Grace, the Most Rev. Dr. M'Evilly, Archbishop of Tuam, to the Lord Lieutenant will fittingly come in after the foregoing paragaphs. To His Excellency. Eael Spencer, Lord T ? _ ? -I n JLjIEUTENANT OF IRELAND, ciiC, May it Please Your Excellency — Having fully and maturely considered tho statement publicly made to me on the occa sion of my visitation in the parish of Partry, on^the 17th inst., relative to the horrid occur rence that took place afc Maamtrasna, I feel it my duty, in the interests of justice and civil society, even for promoting due respect for, and confidence in, the administration of the law, to lay the whole case before your Excellency as it came before me. On the occasion referred to, a man named Thomas Casej came forward on his own accord and publicly stated that he had been induced, under pain of capital punishment, to swear away the life of Myles Joyce, who had been executed in Galway. He declared that Myles Joyce was per fectly innocent, that he (Casey) offered to givo information against the guilty parties, and was told by the official that unless he swore against Myles Joyce, though innocent, he himself would surely be hanged ; that he got twenty minutes for deliberation, and then, from terror of death, swore as had been suggested to him. Being jasked why he did so now and not before, he declared he was awaiting his visi tation in his parish, when he hoped to receive forgiveness and to be restored by the Arch bishop to the Church. After having made a public confession of his guilt, and a3 an evi dence o£ his sincerity, he declared lie was ready in the interests of justice to suffer any pain, even death itself if necessary, on ac count of having been instrumental in taking away the life of an innocent man. Furthermore, he declared that he was also induced to swear falsely against four men now suffering penal servitude. Taking all the circumstances into account my own conviction is that this latter state ment of the wretched man is truthful and oincere, and I may add that since then I am reliably informed that this statement has been fully corroborated by another man named Plulbin, one of the leading approvers in the case, and who is, I am informed, pre pared to make a similar public declaration. In conclusion, I would ask your Excellency, in order to allay public feeling, bo much ex cited in this neighbourhood, to direct a sworn inquiry into the case. I have the honour to remain, Your Excellency's faithful servant, t John M'Evilly, Arohbishop of Tuam. Bdlinrobe, Aug. 13th, 1884 ACTION IN THE HOUSE OF C0JDI0N3. The details of the Freeman interview with the perjurers made a profound sensation in the House, The Ministorial;sentmels, who only remained at the order of tho whips to keep a house, and who were sinking into sonorous slumber along their benches, pricked up their ears in horror and slumbered no more. The appalling avowals of \ Casey and Philbin as to the tragedies enacted in Ireland by the manufacturers and vendors of perjury had murdered sleep. Mr. Har rington, in one of those speeches of merciless persistence from which the Ministerial head finds ao refuge, reminded the Houso that Earl Spencer need not have waited for tho informers' revelations to know that in hand ing Miles Joyce over to the hangman he was consummating a judicial murder. Mr. Har rington was incarcerated in Galway Jail shortly after the fearful scene when Marwpod' kicked the old GaeJic-sneaking peasant with a curse into the pit while he was proclaiming his innocence. The surly Englishmen who remembered how often before Mr. Harrington had invoked Myles Joyce's ghost in vain before an in credulous house, now looked aghast at the apparition. Here \va^ something transcend ing tho worst they had hoard from Irish members as to tho means by which victims were obtained to allay the blood-thivst caused by the Phoonix Park murders. Hero waa a story, affecting not merely two wretched approvers, not merely the Crown Solicitor they accused of goading them into perjury, but suggesting that the whole administra tion of justice in Ireland from top to bottom was a system of legnl massacre little above the brutal level of Maamtrasna. Investigation, prompt and searching, now became the Irish cry. It echoed through Mr. Harrington's speech. It was powerfully re-echoed. byjMr. Kenny ami half adozen other angry Irishmen even now coiled up together like lions leaping at the fold in which Mr. Walker, the Solieito: -General, meek ao a downy lamb, awaited the onset. Mr. Justin M'Oarthy announced firmly that inquiry there must be, and pointed out to Mr. Walker that accusations of falsehood against; the informers did not lie well in the mouth of a Government that strangled three men on their testiaiony. The Marquis of Har tington, who had listened to appeal after appeal as impassively as a carved wooden figure, softly intimated that, if the motion for adjournment was withdrawn, the Irish men would hear something to their advan tage. The field was won, but it took two good hours more of angry remonstrances and threats to make the first churlish Ministerial concession complete. All that the Marquis of Hartington would promise at first was, that if the Archbishop of Tuam made c, formal representation of the facts, the Go° vernrnent ' would consider whether they would be justified _in ordering an inveotiga tion.' Had the Irish party sheathed theii? weapons hero, the engagement was vegue, illusory, and worthless ; but the fight went on. Three hours' resolute struggle, and the Mar quis of Harfcington promised without reserve that, if fche Archbishop of Tuam would only furnish z formal statement of racts ' c full inquiry' would be instituted. If the Irish members had tamely accepted Mr. Walker's decree, there would have been no iuqniry at all; had they even been cajoled by the Mar quis of Hartington's first cloudy platifcudeo, there would either have been no enquiry, or there would have been a hollow and fraudu lent one ; but because they kept hammering away, with unshakeable determination and with the moot naked contempt for Ministerial convenience, they came away amidst the lightnings of the morning's thunderstorm with the comfortable conviction that they hod completely carried thoir point, and that they had once more proved that English conces sions are not measured by the justice of the demands, but by tho force and troublesome ness which is at the back of them. WHAT THE PAPERS SAY. The Irishman, August 16, says : — 'If Casey's and Philbin's statements are true, hanging would be too good for George Bolton. If the suspended Crown Solicitor, by dangling tho rope and the gallovrs beforo their eyes, frightened them so far as to make them commit perjury to save their lives, he is as guilty a man as the wretched barbarians who slaughtered a whole family. No one can imagine any crime more appalling than that which Casey and Philbin fasten upon Bolton. As to Bolton's denial, it has not altered in any degree tho impression made by the solemn declaration of Casey. In these latter days more chocking revelations have not come to light. British Government in Ire land was always attended by perjury and murder on the part of its employees. Crime has dogged its footsteps since the day upon which the English flag was first planted on our shores. Its history in Ireland from the 12th to the 19th century is one unbroken chapter of murder and rapine. With breathless anxiety the public will await tho demanded inquiry. But if it be conducted as inquiries have usually been in Ireland, it will end in sham.' The 1[ation, IGth August, says: — *'Let us hope tliat the inquiry will be thorough and genuine, and that the country will not be treated to another sham trial and to a finding based on false evidence procured by any of the arts known to skilful, experienced, and unscrupulous agents of the Crown. Let justice be done, even though Mr. George Bolton should lament and Earl Spencer and Mr. Trevelyan be more or less distressed. Myles Joyce cannot be brought back to life, but the character of the man may bo vindi cated, and four men who are undergoing tbo horrors of penal servitude may bo restored to that freedom which there is so much reason to believe they have never forfeited by any crime. A real investigation, Lord Spencer ! an honest inquiry into this case— or none at all.' 