Mitston Room, Harris Park. ~ It will be remembered that two Or three months ago the project was conceived of erect-' ing-a 'special building in Harris Park, Parramatta, to be nsed .as a Sunday-school and. Mission Boom in view of the distance of Church of England -residents in the locality"' frpm the older part of the town and consequently from the places of worship. Land was purchased, subscriptions were collected, plans and specifications were drawn up and tenden were called for—that of Mr. W. Gazxard, for about £240, being . accepted by the managing committee. It was thought that the appointment made by the Ritjht Rev. the Bishop of Sydney. (Dr. Barry) for the holding of a confirmation at St. John's, Parramatta, in August might he availed of .in connection withthe official laying of the foundation stone. U. is almost needless to say that the Bishop at once acceded to the request of the committee; and he accordingly attended at the site as •oon as possible after the close of the confirma- tion service. The mission room in question is in course of erection at the comer of Marion and Evelyn streets, and is, therefore, in the neighbourhood of the building temporarily used for the purposes above alluded to. It will be of weatherboard on a brick foundation and will provide accommodation for about 160 persons. The dimensions {interior) are 36 feet x 21 feet.- A vbstiy 12 feet x 10 feet is included in the design, as alw is a small porch. On the ground had been placed a temporary platform, in front of which had been erected a rough arch (surmounted by the text " I have loved the habitation of thine bouse "). About three hundred people were in attendance. The order of service was similar to that observed at the laying of the foundation stone of Guildford church some three months ago. The local clergy —Rev. Canon Giinther, incumbentof the parish. Rev. G. E. C. Stiles, locum fenereof All Saints', and Rev. W. A. Phillips and A. J. O'Reilly, curates of St. John's—were present in their surplices. The proceedings were begun by the tanging of the hymn " The Church's one foundation. At the conclusion of the lessons, tbe scroll (a copy of which is appended) was read by the Rev. Canon Giinther, and was then deposited . in the customary place. " In the name of the ever blessed and glorious Trinity of Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, The foundation stone of fit. Paul's mission room, Harris Park, was hud by the Most Rev. Alfred Barry, D.D., D.C.L., Lord Bishop of Bydney, Metropolitan of N. S." Wales. and Primate of Australia and Tasmania, on the 13th just, 1884, being the 48th year of the reign of her Majesty Queen Victoria, Lord Augustus F. W. 8. Loftus, G.C.B. bmng Governor of the colony; William James Giinther, M.A., being incumbent of the parish, the Rev. W. A. Phillips and the Rev. A. James O'Reilly, curates. Committee, Rev. Canon Giinther, M.A., Messrs. Weston, Hughes, Peck, Trend, Camper. Architects, Messrs. Hill and Smith. Builder, Mr. W. Gazzard. Glory to God." The stone was then formally laid, with the usual formula, by the Bishop, who afterwards read the special prayers for the Divine blessing on the undertaking. The "TeOeum was then chanted, and at its close the Bishop advanced to the front of the platform ana addressed those present. He said that having been asked by the managing committee to lay the atone, he had aoceded to the application' with mucm pleasure. He found that it was the - seoond time within the last three months that he had been called upon to lay the foundation stone of a church in the neighbourhood of Parramatta. He could not but regard this as ' a mark of the advance of the Church, for whoae . progress they all strove and prayed. The special designation of the building just com- . menced was peculiarly descriptive of the character of tho Church in those lands. He took it that the Church hero was essentially a " Mission " one—that in its nature it was not pastoral only hut also evangelical. It had to keep pace with, or at least follow np, the growth and expansion of the colonies, and to be ever ready to establish new outposts in connection with its operations. The duty was one which perhaps imposed much labour and called for much sacrifice,'yet there was ever blessing and glory about it; for if it was the duty of members of the Church to maintain what had been already won for them, was it not a duty of higher importance to push forward and outward the frontiers of God's kingdom.' Having glanced at the circumstances which led to the building of the church, the Bishop said it might be that in the hereafter Harris Park would become a separate parish, bat that phase of the question it was not then necessary to deal with. Hie undertaking commenced that day was for the parpose of supplying a pressing need. He would remind them that mum exertion would still be required in order to bring the scheme to a successful termination. But he felt convinced that He who had begun the good work in them would continue that work till the day of aoceptanoe and consummation. The stone laid had a two-fold significance, and in eaoh aspect it taught of Christ. He was, like it, both a foundation stone and a corner-stone. The two ideas suggested were distinct. The i employed' in the first case was familiar, the building up of the spiritual edifioe called the Church, " other foundation could no man. lay that is laid even Jesus Christ" Bat the use of the second metaphor was to convey very different ideas. The corner-stone —laid, as it always was with exceptional care and accuracy—settled the wh<rte character of the building. Its position directed all 'the lino, of the structure, for all started from it and-.wero determined by it. And farther by its position it bound together all the walls of the building. It was in this sense (or these sense*) ftmt Christ was the oomer- stone of the spiritual building. He would advise them to let their work be guided by the principles hs had referred to. Let the foundation be on the imperishable rook of God's love and Christ's salvation. Let them in all poinb strive to be guided by that Divine . and human life, which centuries ago, came a new moral and spiritual power into' the' world. Let .rthem : 'fce. knittogether in love and in unity with Christ, and,' by following his-example, endeavour to be thoroughly bound-up .in unity with God. Then - whatever- hindranoes and difficulties befell them, the work begun would go on and proa* per, for it was longer they who builded) but God through them. He prayed - that -God would grant to them all that the work in them might be continued till the .day of Jesus Christ. The people were then invited to hand in their donations towards the undertaking, and a •am of £17 10s 9d was thus subscribed. The hymn "Onward Christian Soldiers" having been sung, the Bishop pronounced the benediction, and the proceedings concluded. We understand that this is the thirteenth church bttilding, the erection or enlarging of which the -present incumbent has undertaken in the pariah of St. John's with the districts attached. 