JACOBI'S j . WIFE. BY ADELINE SERGEANT, Author ol " Het Wort in Life," " Beyond Story of the Egyptian War," &c.;, &c.; ; a CHAPTER XXXIV. JACOBl's POSITION. " "A"hat do I care after all, whether she ia found or not?" said Constantine Jacobi to himself, savagely biting at the end of his -cigar, and then throwing it far away over the parapet of the Thames Embankment, as a sort of relief to his feelings. The ecowl that he wore upon his handsome face was anything but pleasant. The cold east wind had given him a shrivelled, pinched appearance, in spite of the richly furred, warmly lined overcoat which he affected in winter, or during the chilly Lreezes of early spring. He was suffering, too, from bodily fatigue; for he had been busy upon errands for Sir Wilfred and one or two on his own account all the previous day and for part of the present one, and he did not relish fatigue or exertion of any kind unless it was undergone for the furtherance of his own purposes. On this occasion he had chiefly been doing Sir Wilfred's work, and his nerves were exasperated at the lessening of his nightly dose of opium ; for he had been staying for a couple of days in Gilbert's house, where he did not think it advisable to procure for himself too deep a sleep by artificialmeans. His night's rest had therefore been much broken, and his eyes had the jaded look of one who needs a refreshing slumber. But it was not want of sleep entirely that gave him so worn an appearance, nor even the chilliness produced by a strong east wind. He was absorbed in the consideration of facts which gave him real cause for anxiety. He had just seen Messrs. Pengelly and Morris, Sir Wilfred's solicitors, on the subject of Clarice's - disappearance with Mrs. Danvers. They had not received Mr. Jacobi very warmly. Old Mr. Pengelly, the head of the firm, had strongly urged upon Sir Wilfred the propriety of waiting until Clarice was of age before pressing her marriage ; and, after the interrupted wedding, had been foremost in expressing his opinion that Jacobi ought to be turned out of the house at once. He, at least, believed all the charges that were brought against Jacobi, and offended Sir Wilfred very deeply by saying so. But Mr. Pengelly had acted so long for the Vanborough family, and knew so many of their secrets, that the impending quarrel was, by some timely means, averted, and the old lawyer devoted himself to the search for the missing girl as if she had been his own child. " How is Captain Vanborough ?" he had asked of Jacobi, rather abruptly, at the close of the interview. No better." " Ah !—not spoken yet ?" "No." " Lucky for you, that accident, was it not, Mr. Jacobi ?" " I do not understand you," said Jacobi, with lowering brows and a snarl like that of a dog preparing to bite. " Don't you'.'" Mr. Pengelly was ahvay3 very curt with Sir Wilfred's Secretary. "Well, I suppose he would have had you prosecuted, wouldn't he ? Mr. Tremaine's story is that Geoffrey could give evidence against you, although his own would have no legal value." " Geoffrey Vanborough could not prove anything against ine with respect to the marriage," said Jacobi, sullenly. " There is nothing to prove. Of course he could swear away my character if he chose." "Little enough to swear away," said the lawyeY to himself, as he watched the change of hate, and fear, and rage flit like lurid shadows over the Spaniard's swarthy face and fathomless dark eyes; " but more than you can afford to lose, no doubt." Then aloud— " I suppose that when he recovers he will bring forward his evidence ?" I don't know." There is no other evidence against you ?" " There is none anywhere." "Oh! But I am informed that Mr. Tremaine is only waiting for the arrival of a friend from America who is in possession of certain awkward facts" The lawyer stopped. Jacobi had uttered a terrible oath, the like of which had seldom been heard in the respectable offices of Messrs. Pengelly & Morris. " My dear sir," said Mr. Pengelly, putting up his hand reprovingly, " you must not— you must not! If any of my clerks were to hear, I assure you I should feel that my own character was at stake." For answer Jacobi looked him in the face and swore again, though not so loudly as before. " What the devil do I care for your clerks or your character?" he said. Mr. Pengelly touched a bell at his right hand. "Good morning, Mr. Jacobi," he said, coolly. "I will ask Sir Wilfred to send me another messenger next time." " Show this gentleman out," he added, to the clerk who appeared. " One minute," said Jacobi, recovering himself. " I spoke hastily. I apologize. You should make some allowance for a man in my painful position, _Mr. Pengelly." The clerk withdrew, in obedience to a sign from his master, and Mr. Pengelly acknowledged the apology with a stiff bend of the head. " I am willing to hear anything of importance that you may have to tell me, Mr. Jacobi," he said drily. " But I am not willing to be sworn at in my own office. ' _" I lost my temper" said jacobi, in a 1 conciliatory tone. I forgot" "That you were not in South America," said the lawyer, finishing the sentence so sharply that Jacobi felt compelled to abandon his own conclusion and to force a smile. " What else have you to say, Mr. Jacobi?" *-1 want to know whether, in the event of Miss Vanborough's return, there would be any legal obstacle to my marriage with her, supposing, of course, that nobody openly disputes it?" "Supposing nobody disputes it? But somebody has disputed it! Sir Wilfred can never allow the marriage to proceed without sifting the evidence of your first wife's existence, which Captain Vanborough, or Mr. Tremaine, or Mr. Tremaine's friend from South America, may be able to bring forward." There is no evidence for them to bring." " So much the better for you," said Mr. Pengelly, standing up as a sign that the interview was at an end. " In that case, Mr. Jacobi, when it is shown that there is no such evidence, you will beat liberty to marry Miss Vanborough (if she is found) whenever she consents to let you. You know what English law is on the subject of bigamy, I Buppose?" "There seems no chance of proving the thing one way or the other," said Jacobi, ignoring the question, and taking np his hat with a worn and weary expression which did not escape the shrewd old lawyer's notice. " Even when she is found, am I to be kept waiting until these men have concocted their story and found some woman willing to swear that she is my wife?—although I saw my wife drowned before my very eyes, It is not fair to me." " You ought to know Geoffrey Vanborough and Nigel Tremaine better than to speak of their concocting a story against you," said Mr. Pengelly, _ gravely. " On the production of the evidence—whatever it may be— Sir Wilfred must decide whether the matter should be suffered to drop, whether it should go into Court, or whether you should be allowed to marry his daughter. His present condnct shows great trust in you, and I think—I really do think—that under the circumstances you might well be satisfied." " I must be satisfied, I suppose," Jacobi muttered bitterly, as he took his leave. The old lawyer stood musing in front of the fire with his hands behind him, for some minutes after Jacobi's departure. " How much truth is there in his story, I wonder !" he said to himself. " What is one to believe ? I wish Sir Wilfred were a little less of a fool. As for Gilbert, I think this man Jacobi must have got hold of some handle against him. for the poor lad turns as white as a ghost if one but mentions Jacobi's name. A weak set those Vanboroughs; poor Geoffrey as weak as any of them, but a finer fellow than Gilbert by far, for all that. As for Clarice, I expect we shall see no more of her until she has come of age; though, if we do," he went on, while the half smile that had irradiated his wrinkled countenance like a gleam of sunshine, gave place to a wintry gloom o f melancholy forboding ; " if we do, it will be either in a madhouse or a grave. Poor child ; poor child !" He finished by a sigh and a shake of the head as he returned to his desk. There was a mystery surrounding the fate of Clarice Vanborough, and Mr. Pengelly did not like mysteries. This conversation sent Jacobi away in an extremely dissatisfied state of mind. He waa bound for Charnwood later in the day ; but he had an hour to spare, and employed it in a walk upon the Embankment. The day was fine, though cold; the trees were bursting into leaf; the river glittered; the stone steps and balustrades gleamed almost white in the brilliant spring sunshine. Jacobi plunged his hands into his Dockets, and bent his head low to escape the cutting wind as he paced along the riverside, absorbed in following out a train of thought that had lately given nim some trouble. For a year and a half he had had a con* fortable home, tie had saved money out of the liberal salary that Sir Wilfred had given him and the sums that he had at various limes extorted from Gilbert. He had hoped to constitute himself Sir Wilfred's son-in-law before Geoffrey or Nigel could hear of the projected marriage. He had meant to depart immediately after the wedding to some safe corner of the world, out of the reach of two men whom he had injured; there to spend the fortune that would accrue to him through Clarice, and to revel in every kind of pleasure suggested by the claims of a thoroughly sensuous_ and sensual nature. Life in a hot climate, with somplete indolence, and luxury in every shape and form—these were the conditions that he had always vainly coveted—the gifts that fortune had hither persistently denied. They had seemed to be just within his reach. Were they now to vanish from his grasp like the food and drink that ever eluded the tortured lips of a fabled demi-god 1 Hot anger and bitter mortification raged within him at the thought. He reviewed his position. He firmly believed that his wife was dead. He did not think that with their utmost efforts Geoffrey and Nigel could prove that Maddalena had not been drowned seven years ago. He fancied that they had been deluded by some So uth American Pepita or Juana, who had thought to<gain something by palming herself off upon them as Jacobi's wedded wife ; and in his sleeve he laughed at them for their credulity. But he did believe that when Geoffrey regained his senses he might prove against him the attempt to rob and murder Nigel Tremaine that had caused his expulsion from the camp upon the Pampas. The witness from South America might be Luke Darenth, Carson, or Hiram Gregg. Even the fact—the small fact, as it seemed to him— that he had Btolen, would destroy his credit once and for all with Sir Wilfred Vanborough. Geoffrey's accident was indeed a fortunate circumstance for Jacobi. It gave him a long space of time in which to mature his plans. Nigel Tremaine could evidently prove nothing against him without the help of other witnesses ; it was Geoffrey who might at once have identified him as the man who had been "staked out" for the paltry theft of Nigel's pocket-book and watch. As lone as Geoffrey lay insensible, as long as Geoffrey was well out of the way, so long might Constantine Jacobi enjoy comparative security. If he could but have married Clarice, and left the country before the bursting of the storm ! Should he throw up the game and go back to South America with his savings ? He had enough to live upon ; he might extort more from Gilbert; should he content himself with this, and leave the Vanboroughs and the Tremaines to settle their affairs amongst themselves? No, not yet. The passion of revenge was strong in him. He had a grudge against Geoffrey. Was there no way in which to make him suffer yet ? (To be continued). 