The Children's Hour. Between the dark and the daylight. When the night is beginning to lower, Conies a pause in the da>'s occupations, That is known as the Children's Hour. -Lonyfellow. HOLIDAYS. - A BOY AND A BUTTERFLY'. - A DOZEN MOONS. - EMBARKING. - SIGHTS AND SOUNDS ON BOARD. -EARLY MORNING. - GRUMBLERS. - WIND- MILLS AND DYKES.-THE DUTCHMAN'S FOE. "Do COME!" Those two words proved irresistible, so, here I am, my pets, drinking the mineral waters of Bad-Ems, and otherwise enjoying life, and the society of a dear friend of other days, in this most aristocratic of German Spas. Everybody is the better for a change of scene and air sometimes, and so will your Aunt Maggie be, I hope. You know that just as well as I do. Have I not seen some of your dear little rosy cheeks growing rosier at the sea-side, and eyes that have been dulled with .many lessons, sparkle in the sea breezes ? O yes, all work and no play makes every Jack a dull boy, and holidays are precious things to little folk and big folk too. You would like to share mine ? Well, so you shall ; there are few things that fairy of whom I have more than once spoken to you cannot do, and this certainly is not one of them. I do not need her aid, but you do, so ask her to let you share my journey and experiences. Such a long dusty railway ride to begin with, and only two fellow-passengers worthy of note, a boy and a butterfly. The boy distinguished himself by asking, " Why do we call the letter w double u, when it is really double v ?" No one answered his question, and I do not think that I could satisfactorily. The butterfly flew in at the carriage window when the i train was stationary, and although it seemed to fly when the train went off again, it yet remained in the middle of the carriage beating its wings. You see the train was going about as fast as the butterfly, and so the insect made no apparent progress until it flew side- ways out of the window. By the time we get to Parkestown (where passengers for the Continent now embark) the dusky summer evening is turning into darkness, but the light as of a dozen moons makes the platform and quay luminous. Look well at those great globe lights ; some of you have never seen such before. That is the electric light, about which you haye heard so much. What a pale soft radiance it gives in place of the yellow glare of gas ! But we are to have the real moon as well as these imitation ones. Now we are on deck, come aft with me and let us sit down on this great coil of ropes by the wheel, to see her rise. The electric lights are behind us, and the great round red disc of the summer moon is creeping slowly up from the watery horizon. Higher and higher she gets, and a long shimmering pathway of red gold stretches over the sea to the vessel's keel. Far away are all the twinkling lights of Harwich, shining double in the glassy sea ; and, close by, the trampling of feet on the wooden piers, and the " Yo, heave oh !" of the men as they move the great engines that help with the vessel's lading. Then by twos and threes other.passen- gers come on board-men, women, and little children, and the older folks can hardly keep pace with the chil- dren's questions. That little lad in the fancy sailor dress ought surely to be nautical enough to answer his own questions ; but to him this continental steam boat is evidently the realization of all his naval dreams, and he wants to know all her capabilities from stem to stern. And now steam is up, a quiver runs through the boat as though she had just awakened into life. She is loosed from her moorings, and out we glide into the still, warm, summer night. Everybody congratulates everybody upon the prospect of a fair and quiet passage, and by the heartiness of the congratulations you can just detect the lurking fear that never troubles you, my pets ; children never see ghosts of this kind, and the ghost of probable sea-sickness is not a pleasant one to meet. We lay ourselves down in safety this night. Never were the faces of sea and sky more promising for fair weather. Calmly as in our own quiet rooms at home we rest, and rise, not quite with the sun, but as soon after him as possible, enticed from below by the prospects of an enjoyable hour or two on deck. How lovely it is ! The sun hangs in a cloudless sky, which melts, someway, into the sea through a rosy haze, for we can see nc horizon line. Through this glassy sea the steamboai ploughs its way, tossing the white foam proudly from its paddles, and leaving behind it the long, dark, trail oJ smoke from its funnels. This morning we'll take oui seats in the fore part of the boat, so that we may cater, the first glimmer of the Dutch coast when we near it. Ah ! there is our little sailor laddie of last night, drink- ing in with all his eyes and ears the sights and soundf on board. He looks only a doll sailor compared to those burly men with their tanned and bearded faces, anc their blue jerseys. Well, that is the way with all oj you ; you children do in little what we bigger people dc in large, and that difference is the bridge of distinction. In little groups, or by solitary individuals, the passen- gers gather on the decks, either to promenade or chai -English, Germans, Dutch, you will find them. Those four ladies who seat themselves on a big coil of ropes with all their bags and packages around them, are evi- dently going to " clo " the Continent systematically, anc give others the benefit of their experiences, I suspect, for see, one of them has taken out her note book anc begun to jot down her impressions. I hope she ha¡ received no impression of you Or me, or she will b( doing with us as we are doing with her-that is, put u¡ into an article. I think we will get out of her way a¡ fast as we can. There is a face I know so well, it be longs to a great family, some member of which you meei everywhere-the family of grumblers. It is only toe evident that nothing pleases him either above deck O] below. O ! how I wish he could catch the gleam fron the little sailor laddie's face, and that for one hour, i no more, he could see the world as that little man sees it ! Never be grumblers, my pets; always keep you eyes and hearts open to the world's sunshine. Now look seawards again. That double row of piles opening outwards like a huge mouth, marks the en trance to the harbour of Rotterdam. In a little whih we shall have entered the Maas. Gulls whirl overhead and fishes by hundreds, with glittering silver scales, lea} from the water, turn summersaults, and vanish. Ane now we see the low Dutch shore clearly, with quaint little wooden houses, rows of pollard trees, and "wind mills. But do not you be like some lady I once knew and suppose that the quantity of windmills prove th< Dutch to be tremendous bread eaters. Those Avindmill work machinery that keeps the low lying lands clear o the wrater that is always oozing through the dykes (no ditches, but embankments) and flooding it. The grea greedy sea is the Dutchman's foe, for it is always opening its great jaws and swallowing up bit by bit of his littti country, so that he is always making dykes and usinj pumps, and striving with such labour and perseverance as only a Dutchman can, to hold his own, and force bael the sea into its original bounds. A few years ago I remember seeing on the walls of tin Academy Exhibition a picture that brought the tear into my eyes. It represented the interior of an atti \- a London attic, I fancy-close under the roof, in probably, a crowded lodging-house. On the ban boards sat two tiny children, with the blue pinched lool of cold and starvation in their puny faces. The^ were wretchedly clad in rags and tatters, if such cai be called clothing ; but between them they were munching, with some degree of satisfaction, a few mouldy crusts. On the wall behind them was rudely traced the words-" A Merry Christmas." Merry Christmas, indeed ! What could such miserable little outcasts know of the pleasures of Christmas time ? I dare say you have heard the story of MARIE ANTOINETTE AND THE POOR. It is told to justify the wrath of the starving poor in Paris, and to display the queen's ignorance. If the people who first told such a stupid story had been half as wise as the poor queen herself, it would have been better for them. It is said the Queen asked the cause of some tu- mult : "Your Majesty, the people are ungovernable, because - they can get no bread." ' ' What ! No bread \ Why do they not eat pastry, then?" She used the word pâte, which you little French scho- lars know means one thing when the " e" is accented. Pate is not pastry, but dough. In France and Ger- many, perhaps in other countries, too, only I have not seen it there, the floor of the bake-oven is lined with a layer of dough made from au inferior flour- a carpet dough-to moderate the heat, and give to the loaves a golden, thick, and brittle crust. This makes a coarse, unleavened flour cake, which is always given away to the very poor, and which has, as its name, " La pate du pauvre." The Queen in her German home-training must have known this ; her question-if she ever asked it would show knowledge of the care of the poor, as well as knowledge of how bread was baked. " Is there nothing for the poor, not even the dough that lines the oven ?" (pas même la pate ? ) Poor Marie Antoinette ! her life was such a sad one that I do not like to think of her being misrepresented in one little thing. First, a wholesome, frolicsome young girl, submissive even to childishness, to an un- usually firm-natured mother, who trained her and her sisters in womanly and simple habits, for Royal Austrian life is, and always was, very domestic and sensible. Marie was married at fifteen, or rather given in ex- change to France. She was parted for ever from, every- thing that belonged to her German life, not even a garment was left upon her that had come from her own home. No more care was taken of hex feelings then, nor for seven years after she came to Paris, than if she had been the wax on a seal of State. And the sad end of her sad life ! Once more the French took from her all that was hers-friends, husband, children ; even her clothing, and the poor lady had to borrow a black woollen gown from the gaoler's wife, and make a widow's cap out of a bit of muslin to cover her hair, which was still plentiful, although it had turned quite grey from sorrow. Is not this a sad picture-the Queen of France, the daughter of the Empress of Austria, sewing and making ready through the night to go decently in the morning to have her head cut off? The hands Mozart had guided on the piano in her happy girl home were tied behind her back, and she had no means of steady- ing herself as she was jolted in a springless cart over the cobble stones of old Paris to the guillotine. When we hear the foolish story about the bread, let us rather think of the true courage with which she suffered as a victim of the cruel Revolution. 