ABSOLVED BUT NOT FORGIVEN. Priests say that they have power over sins, to remit or retain them. They claim that the prerogative of pardon is lodged with them. And that is the reason why they receive confessions. Confession to a priest would be a farce, if it was not thought he could forgive. The first thing that strikes us is the contrariety of this notion to common sense. The idea of being pardoned by any other than the being offended, seems absurd. What! a fellow-sinner pardons sins against God! It is as if, of two, debtors, one should play the creditor and forgive the other of his debt. This would be a strange way of getting rid of debts. He to whom the debt is due ought to have a voice in the matter of remitting it. If we had disposed of a debt in that manner, we should always be afraid that it would some day or other be exacted — that the real! creditor would appear and make his demand. Then it would be a poor excuse to say that our fellow-debtor forgave the debt. We expect that a great deal which the priests forgive will be ex- acted notwithstanding. Roman Catholics talk of going to the priest and getting their old scores, wiped off just as if it were but a slate and pencil memorandum which anyone can rub out. The sin of man is not thus recorded; it is "written with a pen of iron. and with the point of a diamond." It is not so easily obliterated. But is there not Scripture in support of the priests claim ? See John xx. 23. Does not Christ say to his disciples, "Whose soever sins ye remit, they are remitted unto them; and whose soever sins ye retain, they are retained ?" Yes, he says that to his disciples— the apostles; But pray, what right have the priests to found a claim of theirs on a grant made to the apostles? They do indeed come after the apostles, but they are their suc- cessors in no other sense. The priests never try to prove that they inherit the apostolical power of remitting sins. The power communicated in that grant to the apostles was merely ministerial and declarative. It was no less true after than before that grant was made, that none can forgive sins but God only. That the power was declarative merely — that is, that the apostles were em- powered to remit and retain sins, only as they were authorized and en- abled to make a correct statement to mankind of the way and means of sal- vation, to express the conditions of pardon, and condemnation, and to propose the terms of life and death — is clear from the fact that the conferring of it was imme diately preceded by the Saviour's breath- ing on them, and saying, " Receive ye the Holy Ghost." Now, this communication of the Spirit qualified them for the de- clarative remission and retention of sins. They were thereby inspired to pronounce on what grounds sins are remitted and retained by God. But the priests claim far more than ever entered the thoughts of the apostles. They are not satisfied with the ministerial and declarative power over sins. They claim a magisterial and authorative power to remit or retain them. Consequently they call sinners to come and confess their sins to them. Did Peter and the other apostles, the very very to whom Christ said, " whose soever sins ye remit," &c;:, ever do such a thing? We read in the Acts of the Apostles of synagogues and proseuches, or places of prayer; but do we find anything about confession- boxes there? Does there seem to have been anything auricular in the transac- tions of the day of Pentecost? There is the case of. Sitnon Magus that strikes us as in point. If Peter and John had the power of forgiving sin, could they not have exercised it in favour of Simon? But we find Peter addressing him just as any Protestant minister would have done: "Repent, therefore of this thy wickedness and pray Got, if perhaps the thought of thine heart may be for- given thee." How differently the Roman priest would have done? He would ahve said, "Will, Simon, and what have you to say for yourself? Ah, that is very bad, very bad. But if you are sorry, Simon, I forgive you. Only I cannot let you off without doing some penance. You must say so many paternosters, and you must not eat meat for so many days." This is the way in which the boasted suc- cessors of Peter manage these matters. But, they will say, Simon was not penny- tent, otherwise perhaps Peter would have pardoned him. But we wonder whether pardon would have waited for Peter's action in the matter, if there had been penitence in the heart of the sorcerer. We suspect not. We suspect the gracious Lord, when he sees contrition in any soul, does not withhold pardon till a priest, or even an apostle, shall intervene and act in the matter. And when the good angels have ascertained that a sinner has re- pented, we suppose they do not suspend their rejoicing until he has gone to con- fession, and has got absolution from the priest. 