. ; ; PROPHECY IX- Ahd flow what are our lessons ? If all this be true, and most certainly it seems fo be according to Scripiure and to facts, what inferences are we to "draw ? ' : I. To begin with ourselves, let us gather a word of caution against self- deception and religious, profession with-, out principle. Archbishop Whately, remarks, 1 " Whether a man"' be : a Papist or Protestant in name, let him beware chiefly of the old Adam." And Luther, still more to the point says somewhere, " I do not so much mind the Pope , and Cardinals in Rome as the Pope and Cardinals in my own heart." The principles of this apostate Church, in other words, have their root in our fallen nature, in the self- righteousness, will-worship, and ceremonialism of every man. These faults have found their grandest expression in the Church of Rome, , and whenever we look at them there,' we ought to be humbled and driven to God. It is indeed a Bolemn thought, that a once Christian and flourishing Church' to which an apostle addressed an inspired Epistle, should become the har- jp.t of the world, and the abomination of the. earth ! This was the phenomenon that filled St. John with wonder, and therefore, we say, " Let him that thinketh he'stahdeth take heed lest he fall "-rfall like'those Churches of Asia — fall like.the mystic -Babylon for ever. And let us be on our guard against the beginnings of evil : Obsta principiis. Romanism began with a few false principles and exagge rated statements — it left the Word of God for the traditions of men, andfsarik at last into positive error and c hideous idolatry. All was logical deduction from the first growth of error. At . is by re versing this order of things and ever going back to first principlesi the prin ciples of God's Word — by (cultivating prayer, spirituality of mind, inwardly di gesting God's holy Word, following the precepts and trusting to the blood of Jesus applied by faith every day and hour — that any error can be met or avoided. To be " in Christ " for justifi cation, and to have Him " in us " for sanctification —to know Him as our only spiritual Head, High Priest, aud Medi ator, and to realize His presence continu ally in the heartr-this is our real security, because it substitutes the good and true, for the evil and "false. A mind full of Christ will have no room for Popery within. II. And then let us note and be on our guard against Popery without us. Mark what this mischievous system is — its assumptions, lies, and its fascinations aredangerous; the master-piece ofSatan, a foredoomed departure from the faith ; and still a cruel and persecuting Anti christ whenever it has the power. Shall the experience of the past be all lost upon us ? To say .nothing of the legacy of warning left us by our martyred Re formers, or of the silent eloquence of the vestiges of the Inquisition in Madrid, coming forth like unlaid ghosts, to remind the whole civilized world what Rome was and is ; have we not the calm reflections of statesmen, philosophers, and liberal- minded theologians, all agreeing in their: -verdict'about Rome ? " There is nothing," says- Bishop Sherlock, " which an -English man has more' to fear than Popery." Locke, the philosopher of toleration, full,! free, and mutual, excepts Rome from his rule, " because there it cannot be mutual : she ;will tolerate' nothing." Adatn Smith, the author of The Wealth of Nations, calls the Church of Rome " The most formidable combination that ever was forged against the authority and security of civil government, as well as against the liberty, reason and happiness of man kind." Coleridge says, " When I con template the whole system as it affects the great fundamental principles of morality, the terra firma as it were of our humanity ; then trace its operation upon the' sources and conditions of national strength and well-being; and, 'lastly; consider its woful influence on ' the' , ' lunocence and sanctity of the female mind , and imagination, on the faith and happiness of domestic life. I can with difficulty avoid applying to it what the Rabbins fabled of the fratricide Caiu, that the earth trembled wherever he strode, and the grass turned black beneath his feet." William Cobbett, Sir Walter Scott, the poet Southey — all lay men and politicians of different shades — were unanimous in their opinions here, the latter calling Romanism " a prodigi ous structure of imposture and wicked ness." But all this is as nothing to the voice of God, if it be indeed true, that — r Rome is the great Antichrist foreshadowed in: Holy Scripture.: Can wei ever trust a Church pourtayed by the pen of Inspira tion as the master horn of a monster devouring much flesh, and whose mark consigns to perdition? Surely any ap proach to this system, whether as Ritual ism or Romanism, is to be avoided as we would hasten from peatilenee or impu rity. We believe in a retributive Provi dence. God is not unrighteous to forget His people's labours of love and patience of faith. Neither does He forget the crimes of the wicked, either of persons or of Churches. Naboth's blood is always required of Jezebel; and He who pun ished Israel with captivity for their spiri tual whoredoms, will surely visit.a Church which is not his own — a bloodstained and fornicating Church! She who burned others will be burned herself, and she who trumpeted blasphemy before all na tions, under the cloak of religion, will be publicly exposed and destroyed by the brightness of the Lord's coming. It is our wisdom never to trust such a system or tamper with its errors ; but to cling all the closer to God's Word and our pure branch of Christ's Church We may, we must, in pity to their souls, try to induce others to examine for them selves and come out of the snares of Rome ; but we must be preparing our selves by faithful resistence of all error, whether Romish or Rationalistic, whether of head or heart, for the great future, when the stone which Daniel saw smiting the kingdoms, shall at last become the great mountain filling the whole earth, and that consummation which St John caught nearer sight of be realized, " There were great voices in Heaven saying, The kingdoms of this world are become the kingdoms of our Lord and of His Christ ; and He shall reign for ever and ever." 