A BIDING IN CHRIST'S LOVE. Br Mb. J. LOCKHART. ' As the Father hath loved Me. so have I loved you ; continue ye in My love. If ye keep My command ments, ye shall abide in My love ; even as I have kept | My Father's commandments, and abide in His love." . Johnxv.#9, 10. Ia the prayer which the Lord Jesus offered j to His Father immediately after this closing address to His disciples, He said, ' Neither pray I forihese alone, but for them also who I on Me through their word and X- think with f&mess; we may say in reference to the text, "Neither speaks the V. Lord Jesus alone to the disciples who were then with Him, but He spehke also to all who ajbould heliove on Him through tiieir word." Jkhd therefore, tl think thathosejpf us who take, these, wordsM addressed to us mrectly oy the Lord Himself. Now,, we have four things in these two verses. We have a doctrine, and -a precept, and an explanation, and an illustra tion. The doctripe is contained in the words, " As the Father hath loved Me, so I have loved you." The precept isoontaiued in the exhorta tion, " Continue ye in My love." The ex planation of that is given in the words which follow, lf ye keep my commandments ye shall abide in My love." And the illustration is given by the Lord himself, " Even as I have kept My Father's eom tnandments, and abide in His love." May God help us by His Spirit while we consider these four things. / First then,- we have a doctrine, and a doctrine which is full of precious comfort for all who are believers in the Lord Jesus. It runs thus : — As the Father has loved Jesus, so has Jesus loved His people. There is a difference between the love of God to His Son and all human love. You know human lore is a love which is limited. It is limited by the capacity to love on the part of him who loves, and it is limited also by the capacity of the object which is loved to call forth lovp. There is no such limit either in the Father who loves, or in the Lord Jesus who is the object of His love ; and, therefore, the love here spoken of is a boundless love. As the Father had loved the Lord Je-ms, so does the Lord Jesus love His people with a love that it is equally bound less. There are breadths, and lengths, and depths, and heights which you and X cannot fully fathom or understand. And then, further, human love has a begin ning. If you think of any love that you have, you will see that there was a time when it commenced. It is not so with the love of the Father for the Son. That is a love which never had a beginning. Y ou may trace it backwards through the ages — b&ckwards; to that indefinite period which is called the beginning — back- wards into the eternity in which all things are lost in incomprehensibility. There is the same love — a love without beginning. And does not God say of His ancient people, the Jews, " I have loved thee with an everlasting love ; therefore, witJi loving kindness have 1 drawn thee. That which is true of His people in one dispensation is true of His people in all time, and the people of the Lord Jesus are loved by Him with a love that never, never, never had a beginning. The love of Jesus is without beginning. And then, further, human love is subject to change. We love more at one time than at another. We may love more fervently to-day than we did yesterday. Humau love is fickle, varying according to the circumstances, or according to the mood. It is not so with the love of God for His Son. There iv in that love no change, no fickleness, no variability. It is always the same. So it is with the love of the Lord Jesus. We may change in our love towards him ; He never changes in His love towards us. We may be fickle and inconstant, but He is ' the same yesterday, to-day, and for ever." It is a love which knows ho change. And toe love of the Father for the Son is a love which never shall end. On and on, and on, and on, when time shall have ceased to run its course, and when again alj things shall be lost in eternity, still the Father will love the Son with the same changeless love. So it is with our blessed Redeemer. "Having loved His own that were in the world," we are told, " He loved them unto the end and so He will continue to' love. We rejoice to think that the love which never had a begiuning shall never Jhave an end, and that the love of the Lord Jesus is, in the truest and fullest sense of the term, therefore, an ever lasting love. And so we find that this doctrine tells us of the love of Jesus which is without limit, which is without beginning, which is without change, and which shall be without end. Now this love, let us remember, was mani fested love- A little lower down the Lord tells us, " Greater love bath no man than this —that a man lay down his life for his friends and the greatest manifestation oi the love of the Lord Jesus iB shown in His dying for us upon the cross. And let us remember that, by his one sacrifice once offered, He hath put away our sins. Let us remember that the Lord Jesus, by coming down thus to die for us, had made us " members of His body, of His flesh, and of His bones," uniting us with Himself. Let us. remember that he has constituted us His; witnesses, His representatives, in the world, ; and that lie has promised to make us sharers of His throne and of His glory. O my brethren, let us rejoice in this love; let uty praise God for this love ; let us cherish it; let us hold it fast. " As the Father had loved me," saith the Saviour, " so have. I loved you." Thus far, then, the doctrine. And now, in the second place, we come to the precept. There is a difference, as we all know, between doctrine and precept. Doctrine tells us of our privileges; precept instructs us as to our duties. Doctrine declares what God has done for us ; precept tells us what we should do for" God. And .there is a certain relation also betwdbn doctrine and . precept which must not be forgotten. There is a great deal of doctrine in the word of God, and there is a great deal of precept in the word of God ; but they are not thrown together as a confused heap— here a little doctrine and there a little precept mixed np together, without any regard to order. 'Yon always find that a precept is based upon a doctrine ; and you seldom, if ever, find that a doctrine is given without precept being attached to it. Therefore, I think, we may say that- doctrine is the foundation on which precept rears the structure of a godly life — that doctrine is the fulcrum on which the lever of precept seeks to lift a man into a higher moral atmosphere, or, if you will, that doctrine is the locomotive which draws man by Weans of precept along the rails of daily life. We mjust bear this in mind, because, if wo separate doctrine from precept, We divorce those whom God has united in holy wedlock. If we have a merely doctrinal Christianity, we shall have a cold, hard, dry, powerless thing. If we have a Christianity of mere precept, we shall have legalism, and, to some extent, wretchedness ; but if we take that which God has given us — a due admixture of doctrine and precept— we shajl have, in some sense, at all events, a perfect form of God's truth. Now, the precept is, " Continue ye in My love and from that I gather that a respon- j sibility rests upon th8 believer in the Lord Jesus to keep him in the loye of God, as Jude expresses it. i Now, how are we to comply with this pre- i cept ? I should like to ask whether you are - I really rejoicing in the love of the Saviour. I do not merely mean this — that you know that ' you are saved ; that you know that you have trusted in the Lord Jesus, and that, therefore, ; you belong to His people ; that, as a conse- I quence of faith in His name, you haye a good hope for time to come— but are yon really rejoicing in the love of the Lord Jesus at this time? Is this the habit of your Christian life —to continue in the love of the Lord Jeeps and to rejoice in that love from day to day? Do you believe that Christ loves you as much at this very moment as He did at the moment when He bowed His head and gave » up the ghost, crying, "it is finished?" Do you belihve that He loves you when you are at your office, when you are in your workshop, when you are amid your family, when you are engrossed with care; when you are surrounded with temptation, ju6t as much as when He left His seat in glory and came down and became the man Christ Jesus in order to redeem us ? I Is not this what the Saviour means — " Con- 1 tinue ye in my love ; rejoice in it from day to day ; let -it be the subject of your meditation ; let it enter into' your heart ; let it permeate your whole being ; let it affect your everyday life?" Continue ye in my love." Now, in the third place, the Lord Jesns gives us an explanation of this precept, and I take it to be pf the utmost consequence. " If ye keep My commandments, ye shall abide in My love," " If ye keep My commandments." And there is a striking verse in the fourteenth chapter which runs thus (the twenty-third verse) — " If a man love Me, he will keep My words ; and My Father will love him, and We will come unto him and make Our abode with him.". Therefore, you 6ee, holiness has veiy much to do with happiness, and keeping the commandments of God has very much to do with abiding in the love of God. I find that many Christians are rather apt to overlook the precepts in God's word. In fact, if you will allow me to say it, I think that there is no book so badly used as the Bible. . When we read the Bible we are to go and pick out some psalm which is full of com fort, or some one part of one of the epistles which conveys precious truth to our soul, or some other portion which tells us something about the love of Christ. But there are parts of the Bible that we do not like to face. There are precepts and commandments and instruc tions in it which we . do not dwell upon with sufficient fulness. Now, I believe myself, that we ought to read it- with some measure of regularity. You know, when a man goes out to a dinner party, he doeB not expect merely to be fed on roast beef, and he does not ex pect merely to have bread and cheese ; but he expeets soup and fish land entries and joints and puddings and dessert, and I know not what else besides. So it is with God's word., God does not merely give us just one kind of f Aod to suit the palate of the human soul. Now, we are rather apt just to feed upon oue dish, and so to dwell upon certain lines of truth in in the word of God ; and therefore it is that many true children of God — many true be lievers in the Lord Jesus — fail to attach suffi cient importance to the precepts of the com mandments ; and because of this they do not to the full extent abide or dwell in the love of the Lord J esus Christ. We ought to be honest with God's .word. There are some precepts that are very difficult to understand, and which we do not perhaps sufficiently see our way to comply with. Ought we not to face these precepts ? Ought we not to make them a subject for special prayer; and ought we not, whatever the difficulties in our way, to seek fairly and honestly, as men of God, to keep the commandments of the Lord Jesus, in order that thereby we may have more consciously the light of His love resting upon us, and so, according to the text, continue to His love? If there is any child of God who thinks, " Ah, yes, there is that. I never felt quite clear about that. Yes, aud it is coming home to me "—let me tell you that it is nonsense for you to expect to continue in the love of Christ until you deal with that doubtful mattes. It is nonsense for you to think that by revelling in doctrine and delighting in certain lines of truth you will have your soul fed and will be kept in the love of God, if you are shutting your eyes to some precept of God's word and are afraid honestly to face it.- I find sometimes that Christians are in matters of business not dealing honestly with God. I find that others, in matters of tneir social arrange ments, and their companionships, and their pleasures, and their amusements, are not dealing honestly with God. And, believe me, the church of God is losing immensely in power because of not facing these things and dealing honestly with them as in fight of God's word, . And I will tell ybu one thlng that is of especial, consequencSjhsyit se|ms:lto\| m ud'.thatis J that we should not deal with doubtful things. I do not think that , the church of God is in so much danger of doing tilings actually contrary to «ome distinct precept of God's word as of doing things which -are doubtful. The '.Lord preserve us from doubtful! things. Aud the Lord help us to bring alt doubtful things to the one true infallible test— the test of God's word. And the/Lord help, us to put away any thing that hinders the fill! outflow of God's love toward us. The Lord help us to keep His commandments, and so to abide in His love. And now there comes, lastly, the illustration of " all this. " Even as I have kept My Father's commandments and abide in His love." The example, the divine example, of our blessed Emmanuel is brought before us ra these, words; and as He said at the close of this- gospel He would say to us to this day, " Follow Me." Now. what was the rule of the life of our Lord Jesus? Is.it not to. .be found in these words, " I do always the -things that please Him ?" What a standard for believers ! .What a rule of life tor those who profess to be .followers of the Lord; always doihg the things which please the Father! I spoke just now of doubtful ways. How this would clear the ground in regard to mauy doubtful things, for, mark you, it is not merely the. negative, the putting off of that which is obnoxious to the Father, but it is the positive. It is doing those things that are pleasing in His sight. May I say, especially to young' Christians, that in these days we haye a thousand aud one things about which there is a great diversity of opinion in .the church of God in regard to daily life and practice, especially in regard to social life. How are we to settle the question ? Is it to be the opinion of Mr. £Jo-and-So ? Is it to be tfiaf many great and good men have thought this course safe? ifo ! Emphatically no! But it is tq be, " Does this please the h ather ? Am I, in following this course, treading in the foot steps of our blessed Lord Jesus himself ?" J know that there are not details of every point and particular given, but in four 'gospels we have a sufficient indication of the principles which guided our blessed Lord in his life, and we must look for the footstep ; and, when we 1 see the print of His blessed feet, then we may Eut our foot down with safely. " Even as X ave kept My Father's commandments, and abide in His love.'' . , And therefore while we rejoice in the doctrine that, as the Father lcv'es the Lord, so the Lord loves us, let us see that we keep by the precept, 11 Continue ye in My love." If we would continue in this love it must be by walking in the path of holy obedience, and if we would walk in that path we must follow In the footsteps of Him who ever did the things which pleased the Father. Let me say, before I conclude, are there no$ am inn inn nr -ji \\\ , ,,j jjf some here who know npt the love of Jesus? | |SPP was struck lately, in reading the " Pilgilmw |||& Progress," with the fact fthat Christian mot iff|l with a great many people who had not come in s-t the beginning. They had -got over the wall fBj here, or they had broken through the hedrt 2pP there. They, hod tr i edtptyome m half-way on t|Ju| the journey. There are a great many Christians Jni who would like to dp th s. They would like ff£ to be holy in a sense; they would like to sell follow the Lord in certain ways ; but they will ff| net begin at the beginning. Ah, friends! |P1 friends ! You must begin at the beginning. w You must humble yourself as a sinner before the Lord Jesus. You must come to Him— pl the one who died for us and rose again. You res! must trust Him so as. to enjoy that wondrous ll|,j love of which we have been speaking ; and -ii then, continuing in that love, you will seek to keep tbe commandments and to follow in the ipq footsteps of the Lord Jesus. ||| 