TI1K MINER'S PABTXER. [?] Xkvcr l-cforc had Ben from ni**ntfU ex citement pa&sed; a sleepless night ; his sea soned, irou nerves had borne him through a multitude of perils— from hostile IndxanB, from white enemies ; from the bear, the wolf, the snake ; from fire and flood ; and when the time had come for him to sleep, he slept soundly ; when his rough meals were pre pared, be ate »clL But it wan different now. The rer^UectioD of the face which confrnnted his own at the restaurant, haunted him, broke his bleep into fitful dozing, and filled these on* refreshing snatches with terrible dreams. Vet, ftiieu the bright morning came, he per soadeti liixtueii' that he must have been mistaken — Uiax he hatl exaggerated some chance rebenjblance into the identity of his dead partner. Ben's reflections touched upon what was growing into another dreadfnJ form of mental excitement. He began to fear that he had not seen the man at all, that it was merely a delusion, a vi&ion; of the brain. And that troch a delnsion should take the form of liube Stecle was not surprising, bearing in mind the fact, which was never long absent from hu thoughts, that he had given thin man a blow \vbi-Jh, if it Lad not, he formerly supposed, caused the man's death, most have very nearly done so. No doubt the blow was struck in self-defence ; but even murder in self-defence is not a thing which a map ^n in bis calmer moments recall without some He was early at the hotel, and *-^-£ his regular seat, waited with a nervous anxiety, each as he had rarely experienced before, the appearance of the stranger. He bad not long to wait. Almost as soon as he was ttfated, a figure entered the saloon which there was no mistaking, and all Ben's consolatory theories as to a casual resemblance deceiving him, fled on the instant. The stoop of the long body and neck, the crafty giant* the man threw around on entering, nis very step — these were all Rube Steele'e ; and to the dismay of Ben, the new-comer evidently glanced round the saloon in search of htm, for the tnr.wl1»nr he saw him, his face lightened up with & smile, aud he came to the table. ? Glad to see you again !' said he, extending a hand which a horrible fascination compeUeu Ben to seize and shake ; bat the familiarity of the touch wa$ more horrible stall. He felt he knew for & certainty, he h^ touched that hand a thousand times. 4 1 thought mebbe yon made this your regular dining location,' continued the other ; ' and I have kinder fe*.fef-n A fancy to ' Io -deed !' gasped Ben, wondering as to what would come next. * Yes, I have ; that is so,' replied the, stranger. *I reckon you have not been located in this city very long *' ' Not very long,' said Ben, who had Dot once removed his eyes from the other's face. 'I came from the West — from the imnjng ' Passible V ejaculated the stranger. ' Wai, now, I take a great interest in the mining countries, and like to hear tell of them. Were ' From Colorado,' gasped Ben, who almost began to fancy that be was losing his a**n^paJ so certain was he that the man was Rube, and yet so inconsistent with this belief was the whole of hi£ conversation, especially his liking for Ben, and his anxiety to hear of the When thev separated, it was with another shake of the h&nd;, and a strongly expressed hope on the part of the stranger that they might meet again the next day. Either the critter is a ghost,* thought Ben — ' and in that case then* nit ghosts — or I am going crazy ; or he is Kube Steele : and I know that is impossible. I won't go to this hotel any I will live out of th« city, and that is a oouifort.' Fortified by tbiu reflection, he iras aWe to I tear up somewhat brttta1 op this tlay, and to accept Mr. Shuwle's imitation «-ith a calmer mint!. He arrived early at the merchant's house. Ruth came ill soon afterwards, and lie was I'lcasetJ to see tliat she. too, looked more cheerful. Ruth IiaiC relieved her mind, a* she confessed to Ben, bv telling him her trouble; ana uow be knew* it, she felt that the worst Ucis ov«ir. It was to avoid her half brother, slic owual. [Uai she had wislie.1 Bell to live so far from town, auii &$ lit* )i^^j now really arrived, he was gla*l tbey had agreed upon tbib precaution. They were conversing cheerfully enough, when a knock was heard at the outer door, au.l Mr- Showle. rising, exclaimed : ' There is Moreiie '. I know his knock. Indeed, he takti care we shall hear him. — I tun sure you will like him, Oeelrtck, and be is very anxious to see you. — Ah ' Mr. Morale ! vou introduce you to »-ur friend CreeJock. ' arrival, and led him to where Ben was .-feu i din?. ?I think,' said Mr. MmvJe. us he took j Ren's ltan-l with a smile, * I am not entirely a stranger to Mr. CtveWL. I have had the I plitasurt? of dining « itii him more than once at thvOnnu ftoi,*,.' Yes, he had ; of course he had. Of course be w&b; not a stranger to ticn ? far from it, and Ban knew it well: for he vras his tnvsterous companion at dinner, the new bad recognised him? Of all the strange fettureain this be wilding matter, this was the strangest. Ben shook h^ndc, as au automation might have done, and spoke as though in a trance ; title odd tone and character of his replies, and his fixed stare, evidently attracting the notice of Rath and Mr. Showle. ♦Come, Creelock V cried the latter pre sently ; *you are not yonraetf to- night. Where are your irpawiTip stories and your prairie adventures ; I have been praising you all the time to yoar friend Morede here, as a matters, and yon are not saying a word aboat them.' ?Mr. Showle is Artirely right; he is so,' said Moredy ; *and I reckon I shall be quite pleased to mt arucuul ancj bear somethin' about the western mines. I always do like to here tell of them.* * Do yon ? exclaimed Ben, rousing him self in a Bpecies of desperation, and resolving to bring his horrible fortune to a finish. ' Shall I tell you an adventure of my own V Must so/ returned Morede, with pleased smile. 'I Bhonld like it above all things.9 ' Then,* said Ben — and his answering smile was of a somewhat grimmer character, in spite of himself, thnn Morede's had been— * then I will tell you how my pardner at the mines introduced a stranger, who robbed me of fifteen hundred doUars. This stranger come, I should tell you, with information about Indian* on the war path who were likely to be around our camp. But it was an arranged plot. He was a mean cuss, this stranger ; be or his friends robbed the placers and broke the stamp-milL It was either him or his pardner that shot at me from the golly ; and the bullet went through my hat and art away some of my hair. That was not the only time my pardner got his desperadoes to shoot at me; so 1 will tell you about Awn.' Thereupon, stimulated by the desperate impulse we hare alluded to, Ben proceeded to relate a part of the plot wnich had been devised for his ruin by his crafty partner ; the incident attendant on which greatly ex cited, and tof'^m*« almost appalled his ltt&rera;, none among whom listened with more pmlapble interest than did Mr Morede. Ben told all, op to the action of the Vigilantes, but could not bring hinf^f to speak of the final scene at the pool ; there was something too horrible in the idea of describing that to his listeners. When Ben had finish^, which he did by saying, ' What do yon think of that, Mr. Morede V and looking his new partner straight in the face, the Itttpr exclaimed, in what seemed the most gamine manner pos sible -. * First-rare, Mr. Creelock * I admire you. t see yon hare the real %r& ; and I wish I had been there to help you in such a fix. Bat, to my thinking, yoar partner was the worst of the two.' * He was,' said Ben drily. * And he ought to have had his reward,' con tained Morede. dr. He bad it,' said Ben, with increased ynesa. * Good ! Good !' cried Morede ; and other comments being made, the conversation bocante general. Morede bore Ids port all through the cfreningwithout a single allusion which coald induce Ben to suppose he had the slightest remembrance of him, or had ever before heard a syllable relating to the dangerous stranger or the robberies. When they parted for the night, too, he was particularly de monstrative ia bis friendliness to Creelock, making quite a * smart oration,' as Mr. Showle afterwards remarked, on the agreeable erening he had passed, and the pleasure it would give him to be associated in business, and as he hoped, in still closer relationship witn a man whom he admired and liked so much at first sight as he did Mr Creelock. Ben went home after this speech in doubt aa to whether it was himself or every one around him that was going mad. Day after day passed, and the new partners in the firm met frequently, with no diminu tion in the friendship which Mr. Morede had from the first professed for Ben. They did not meet at the hotel, however; the strain on Ben's nerves was bad enongh when they met as part of a group. A tHe- tat-tet? was more than he could stand with a man whom he believed to have killed, but who was now walking about as unconcernedly as thongh be had never been stretched by the side of that Colorado pooL So confounded had Ben been by the appari tion, that he had never thought of asking the Christian name of Mr. Morede, and it came upon him aa a new shock when be received a note from the warehouse un some business matters signed * Ruben Morale,' while lie could have sworn to the handwriting in a court of justice. This did not increase his certainty, for it could admit of no increase ; he iron certain, and could not go beyond that ; but it Bectueil to make the position more dreadful and complicated. Now and then, too, he would find, if he turned quickly round, Mr Morede gazing fixedly upon him — an earnest gaze, as though he were striving to recall something to his memory ; and this was not agreeable to Creelock. He asked Ruth, aa guardedly as possible, about her brother's past career ; but she knew nothing of it since be. bad left borne, Hehad^rone West, she knew ; but he would not now utter s- syllable in explanation, or even &ay; how he had been employed. Ben could not press her very much upon the subject, as it was evi dently & painful one. His departure from home had been censed by some ciiggracefal, possibly fatal broil— that was clear ; so Ben forbore t«t question her. The day of his wedding drew nigh. Ruth bad left her school ; their homes were so far advanced in its improvements that it would be quite ready by the time they returned from hia new estate at a very considerable profit ; bo wu now, at seventy years of age, looking out for some fresh investment for nit; dollars, and employment for hin time. He hm4 seen Ben before leaving Cincinnati and appeared to like him then ; and seeing him a little more at leisure now, he liked him more. The bluff, straightforward, perhaps rough manner, which Creetockconldnever shake off, seemed to please the old man znightaly, and he was never so happy as when in hid company. Ben, with his nightmare always oppressing him, had asked a little aboat Ruben Morede, who he knew was a connection of Mr Bynnes. But the latter was not communicative about the new partner, although there was a tant H.liftiYig hesitation in his manner, which made Ben think he could a tale unfold, did he choose. Well, the wedding-day came ; and the simple seremouy performed in Mr Showle'a (Iratvingroom, nuule Ben and Ruth wh^ti and wife. Then came what answers to the wedding-breakfast of the Britisher, and this was on a scale, for variety and display, to put the old country on its mettle, although it was only given by an American storekeeper. After the first part of the feast was over, Mr Bynues gut Ben by himself and insisted upon having a final glass of champagne with him. * I know you have got just the best wife in the States,' said the old gentleman ; ' and you are the kind of man to make a good husband, / can see. I feel osglad to seclittlcRuth Alken happily settled, as if she was a gal of my own —I do. After all these yeans, too, to think her brother is going to clear up and quit his trickb ! I always Uked the boy ; but be has bad some real bad ways. Yon asked me about hiTnt you know.' ? Yes, I did,' said Ben. 'Wed* I did not like to let oat agen him.' pursued Mr Bynnes ; ' but it can't do harm now anyway, that 1 can Bee. He has been mining in Colorado, and has been op to some queer tricks there. He waa nigh killed by his partner — he was ; that is«o.' ' Nearly killed !' echoed Ben. ' Ah ! most uncommon nigh, ' said Mr Bynnes. * Also he was nigh upon lynched by the Vigilantes. His partner fonnd out he was — Rube was I mean — playing him false, planning to rob and perhaps murder him ; so it is supposed from the mark on his bead that he hit him down with eome blunt instru ment, possibly a club, and left him for dead at the mine. He was found lying by some of the miners, who carried him to Flume City, and I beard all aboat it from the doctor who attended him. It is a real extraordinary case. He recovered, as yon see ; but his memory from a certain tune has entirely gone. His boyish days he remembers quite well ; but does not appear to have the least idea that he ever went to the mines or was ever injured. We have tried him in every way ; but his mind is a perfect blank. Strange, ie it not?1 ' Very strange/ assented Ben, who, we need hardly say, was listening with breathless interest, ' His brain is injured, no doubt,' continued the elder ; * for his skull was fractured. The' doctor says it is to be hoped that be will never recover his memory ; for if he does, he will probably go mad, and do some more mischief before he dies. It ia a strange case,— Here we are ! just having a friendly drink at parting.' This was in reply to one or two of the party who caune to interrupt tfeelengthned gossip, and the conference was broken up. Often, during eastern trip, H?d Ben recur to the strange story he had heard, and often did he debate with himself whether or not he should tell his wife what he had learned; but he thought it better on the whole to be silent, it was with a great feeling of relief, however, that he found, upon hia return to Cincinnati, that Morede was absent, having just left to accompany Mr Bynnes in bis inspection of a property in Colorado. In about a week after this time, Mr Showle received a letter from Mr Bynnes announcing the almost sudden death of Morede ! ' And we had a bad time with him,' said the writer. * Perhaps it was because we came to Colorado he all at once got back his mind ; but what ever it was, he woke one morning like a fiend or a wild Twifaw He raved about the rwinp^, talked of horrible things he had done; said the fellows here would tremble even now at Rube Steele's name ; and we have found out that he, or some one like him was known in these parts as Rube Steele, a year or two back. Tell Mr Creelock that he was frantic against him. He was sensible enough in other things ; but he was always calling for his pistol, and vowed that he would shoot Ben Creelock on sight ! Told me that Ben was the man who had broken his skull and had set the Vigilantes on his friends. 1 tell you Able Sbowlc, it was real frightful, and we were all glad when he died ; though my heart ached for him, when I recollected the bright, clever l»oy be was ; his mother's only son, too. Btrt he is cose bow ; and bad as he may have been, I don't think we will tell Ruth of his biter life, as he had caused her a deal of misery, and she don't need to think any worse of him/* The kindly, shrewd old merchant's advice was followed ; and Ruth Creelock, although she did not feign passionate grief for the half brother who had so injured all who ought to have been dear to him, yet spoke of him with a eofteoed feeling, which must have been changed bad she known of the deadly enmity which once excited between the dead man and her husband. — ChamftPTs* Journal. It is Baid that there was once & superstition among the Mohawks that some terrible mis fortune would overtake any one who who spoke while crossing Saratoga Lake. A loquacious woman insisted upon talking 