THE CHURCH OF ENGLAND : ASSEMBTjY. '? The Assembly of tho Church of England /in;' Victoria opened its annual session at tlio Dio cesan Registry, Melbourne, yesterday aftornoon.. Tbero was a Iarge attendance of both tho clergy; and the laity. After a brief service, usual: to such occasions.' . _ The Bishop of Molbourno delivored bis open ing' address.' He said it was not good for a Church to be continually counting its monoy and its rollof members, as it made peoplo more anxious for a good- display than a good conscience. ' If there was a falling off in the funds at any time, discouragement necessarily followed. Numbers were very decoptivo. For instance a special torn pornnoo effort was made, aiid 50,000 people signed their names on a piece of paper, and it was thought that society was regenerated, but in a month or two things were as bad as over. Another spurt was mndo with tlio same result of failure. People got used to such spurts of enthusiasm, - and passed through them liko chil dren passed through measles. He had had placed in his hands, however, a report, which lie had not himself directed to be ; prepared, . showing the condition of the church, audit was gratifying to be able to refer to it, as it was, not a spasmodic affair, but '.was a . roturn which "- ex tended over . a 5 -period of ; -timo suilioiontly large to-be trustworthy!' It enabled us to get ,at iho numbors and funds at three import ant periods of tho history of the church in the colony, viz., when tlie/diocese 'was separated into two, after the aeparatioh/ and the end of the year 1883. This return- showed that, at the end of tho year, 1883, there was church accom modation for 69,887 members, being an in creased accommodation during nine years for 24,000. people, while .now churches this year would afford accommodation for over 70,000 persons. At the present time there was more accommodation in tho diocese of Melbourne alone than at the time of the separation there was in the two dioceses; The funds had kept with /equal pace with the clerical accommoda tion. : -Before the separation the total funds amounted to L66,700 ; after the separation in the diocese of Melbourno alone it was L53,000, and at the end of tho year tho funds of tho diocese of Melbourno alone was L83,7O0. That was to say a sum exceeding by L17,O90, what tho total was bofore the division. The Church was neglecting a plain duty if it did not attend to the spiritual wants of people in the country districts. It was absurd and heartless to tell poor selectors to provide for their " own spiritual wants/as they could not possibly do so, and more Christian; sympathy for them was wanted among' the ''town congregations/more especially those of Melbourne and the "suburbs. He would advise the- clergy and church officers to give1 more time to this work : and rlso'i(jbove the jealous feeling which could not:. bear to soe money going beyond pa'rochial objects. Let us be Christ-like, andlook after, all;; The. missions to the Chinese and aborigines had not received, adequate public attention. The Chinese were1 the representatives of the most numerous family on the earth. ' Usually, they sought to go home to China to enjoy their earnings, and if these people were made Christians, the! influence on the Chinese 111 their own land would probably, do more good than all , the European missions put together.- The question of education; had changed somewhat sinco last meeting. ' Pro fessor Se'eley, though not an:, orthodox professor, yet asserted that religion was the great State building principle, and if religion in State soliools were suppressed : all efforts to train character would be useless. Tho name of onr Divine Master was left out of the school books/ though- the ghost of Theism had been left. A Roman Catholic member .. of , the House had asked the . actual exclusion of -tbe -holy - scripture, and the reason he was. enabled to.ask this was because this community liad passed the' act. ' Ministers of Education' differed in' tKcir opinions as to the adminsitrati'un, and it was now Government by Ministerial caprice,, and only a change in the law could remedy the evil. . We. should either ineist on religious instruction in State schools, or abandon -it altogether/ 1 » ' Towards the close of His Lordship's speech he referred to the Salvation Army, ; and com mended the ' organisation for its '.enthusiasm;' but condemned its doctrino as expressed in ito manual. -//" :/,/(' //.- 