I ST. ANDREW'S CATHEDRAL. The Rev. Dr. Barry, Bishop of Sydney, preached twice yesterday. In the morning he preached before a large congregation at St. John's, Darlinghurst, and chose for his text Philippians ii., 9,10, II,-" Wherefore God also hath highly exalted him, and given him a name which is above every name; that at the name of Jesus every knee should bow of things in heaven, and things in earth, and things under the earth and that every tongue should confess that Jesus Christ is Lord to the glory of God the Father ; " and ColossianBii., 14, 1j,-"Blotting out the handwriting of ordinances that was against us, which was contrary to us and took it out of the way, nailing it to his cross and having spoiled principalities and powers, he made a show of them openly, triumphing over them in it." The Revs. E. G. Cranswick, R. Relton, and A. W. Pain, also took part in the service, and the Rev. T. Kemmis preached in the evening. In the Cathedral better. a large congregation, Dean Cowper delivered the morning sermon. The rev. gentleman chose for his text John 1 29, " Behold the Lamb of God which taketh away the sin of the world." Mr. Montague Younger presided at the organ, and the following was the order of musical service Introductory voluntary, "He was despised" ("Messiah"), Handel"; special Psalms, 22,40, and 54; "Te Deum," Woodward, in D ; 2 Jubilate," Sir. F. G. Ouseley, in C ; hymn 163, "Behold the Lamb of God who bore ; " hymn 168, " We sing the praise of Him who died ; " concluding voluntary,"BoholdtheLambof God;" ("Messiah"), Handel. In the evening, in the Cathedral, the scene was most impressive All the seats, as well as the avenues to them, were killed, and many persons stood in the entrances. His Excellency the Governor, Lady Loftus, and Bishop Hale were amongst the congregation. A full choir were present, and the service was intoned by the Rev. Dr. Corlette. The sermon was delivered by Dr. Barry, and the text was taken from John xix., 30 "Jesus said, 'It is finished.' and he bowed his head, and gave up the ghost." The following was the order of musical service: Voluntary, " He was despised ;" special psalms, 69 and 88 ; Magnificat, Burnby, in as Nuno Dimittis, Foster, in F sharp minor; Hymn 176, " When I survey the wondrous Cross ;" Hymn 379, " Weeping as they go their way ;" concluding voluntary, " Surely He both borne our griefs," and With His strip. e" In several other churches in the city services appropriate to the sacred character of the day were also conducted. 