AN AMUSING POLICE CASE. An amusing case was heard ou the 26th September at Melbourne City Police Court, before the Police Magistrate, Mr. Call. A young man of respectable appear ance, named Harry Claude Winters, described as a gymnast, was charged by his mother-in-law, Mrs. Elizabeth Shep herd, with stealing her furniture, which she valued at £40. Mr. Morgan anneared for the prosecution. The complainant, an elderly woman, who had taken out a warrant and had the prisoner arrested, said she was a widow, and earned her living as a dressmaker. She used to live at 4, Pel ham-street, Carlton. The prisoner aud his wife lived there also, as he had no home of his own. On the 16th July she left the house to go into i service, the prisoner having charge ot the furniture. On the 16th instant, having left her place, she went back to see if afi was right, when she found the house empty, and discovered that all the furni ture 'had been removed to an auction room in Bourke-street. In crossexami nation by tbe accused she admitted! having told him the night before he was married that his wife was not really her daughter, and that the girl's mother was iu Euglaud. She would swear now that the girl was her daughter. The reason she told prisoner this falsehood was that the girl, who was a notorious liar, had begged of her to say so. The prisoner paid the rent of the house. For the de fence the prisoner called Stuart Bell, who remembered hearing Mrs. Shepherd say that her son-in-law — the accused— need not be so hard on her as to turn her out, as she had given him all the furniture in lieu of the rent which he had paid. The accused's' brother, S. L. Winters, was then called,and gave some extraordinary evidence. He announced himself as a professional ' sword-swallower' and con tortionist aud performer on the horizon [ tal bar. The complainant, Mrs. Shepherd, was a believer in ghosts aud spirits, and held conversations with the latter. On one occasion, while he and his brother (the prisoner) were in the house together they heard a noise which so alarmed thein that they concealed themselves in a cupboard, taking weapons of defence in case of its being burglars breaking into the place. While secreted iu the cupboard, peeping through the cracks, they saw Mrs. Shepherd and a little girl enter, who forthwith darkened the house, and called out to the spirits in affectionate terms. The prisoner, being a bit of a ventriloquist, answered her from the cupboard ' in a ventriloquial voice,' saying, 'Yes, dear,' when she asked if a spirit was present. Then Mrs. Shepherd adjured the spirits, and said ; she morally and bitterly hated her son in-law, and mentioned in the course of her colloquy with the ghostly beings she was iu imagination addressing that she was in love with au old 'gentleman, who reciprocated her affection and would marry her. Mr. Call here interposed with the remark, ' What was said about the furniture ; to whom did it belong? The witness then, in a long rambling account of the interview between Mrs. } Shepherd and the spirits, said the for : mer had distinctly owned to having g''e' up the furniture, and wanted the ghost to aid her in ' putting a bullet through the prisoner ana helping her afterwards if convicted and. sentenced to be hanged for murder to die like a brave woman. All the while this spiritualistic conver sation was going on a jingling noisewas heard iu the Cabinet, where the two brothers were concealed, fooling tne woman. After listening to a good deal of this peculiar evidence, the Bench dis missed the case. . Messrs. Cobb and Co., the noted coach proprietors of the colonies, have decided, 'wing to the poorness of the passenger trade via Noosa, to relinquish, the line at the end of the present year,, when Mr. Miles, who has been acting as the firms agent here for years past, will take the ruius on his own hook — his ten» der for the mail having been accepted by the Government. Mr. Miles. i& well sua popularly known to the public, and if any one can make it pay he will. Messrs. Cobb and Co. have got all the large con tracts up north, and find the Noosa line not sufficiently remunerative. — Gympie Miner. A curious case came before the Bris bane Police Court. A Chinese merchant in Queen-street had a Chinese girl as servant whom he had bought in China— a slave iu feet as she never got any wages ; being offended, .with herlie gave her a most, unmerciful flogging, but sue escaped to the police aud her master was flnea £10 and lost his slave. A 