The- Merchant's Story. " All my life I have been a lonely man, having no kit nor kin nearer than a cousin, and making but few friends around me in the world. There was but one human being for whom I cared more than for myself, and that was Robert Strafford. Therefore, when he, with his young wife, died of yellow fever in Memphis, and left their only child; a boy of ten, homeless, with the dying prayer that I would take him to my care, I accepted the trust thankfully, and took the orphan child, clothed with the memory and the likeness of his dead father, to my desolate home. "Henry Strafford and myself lived to gether as father and son. Years strengthened the mutual affection, and brought Henry to manhood-myself to the ate of forty, a silent and-except to him--morose man. I was wealthy by that time; my business had bcen my only care, and had prospered accordingly. I was looked upon by virtue of my wealth as a prominent man. "One day I was called upon by the cashier of the bank to which I was a director. lie told me that his accounts were in a fearful condition; he had used the bank money to speculate with, and ill success had involved him to a large extent. Convinced that he had been unfortunate rather than intentionally fraudulent, I made the deficit good myself. He was grateful-I thought at first troublesomely grateful. He insisted that I should meet his family-the family, as he expresseu it, tnat I had saved from absolute ruin. "Talford, the cashier, was a man of social prominence, so, more for the sake of my adopted son-for I called him that, although he had never taken my name-than for myself, I accepted the invitation, and met his daughter,' May Talford ! How the name still seems music to my ear And so it should seem, for I loved her. "I called again and again at Talford's house, until I began to think that May loved me but little less than I loved her. She received every advance kindly, she spoke to me always with regard. Neither did I think that Henry went quite as often as I to see 'Miss Talford,' as he always called on her in my presence. "When 1 asked Talford for his daughter's hand his delight would scarcely allow him to give me an intelligible answer; and when, fortified with that answer, I went td May for hers, and received, as I remem bered, when it was too late, a cool but ready assent, I thought I was the happiest man alive. "The next day I went to town, and while ostensibly on business, spent tihe whole day at the jeweller's. I bought a ring and had engraved upon the inside my enitials and hers. \Vith this accomplished, I returned home immediately. 1When I reached there it was late at night. I had to pass by Talford's, and my heart beat high with exultation as I neared the home of my future bride. I took the ring from my pocket and stopped under the street-lamp, to see if it was safely in its case. I was childish in my love; men at that age often ore. Shile standing under the lamp ]ust across the street from Talford's, the front door of his house was thrown open. I raised my eyes, and there was May herself. She was showing a caller down the steps, and triumphantly I stood and watched him linger as if loth to leave. I felt a kind of condescendinig pity for the poor fellow, sup. posing that he was some old lover. "' What I not gone yet? Still standing there? Poor fellow I' I thouight. Then I felt my heart leap wildly and stand still the blood freezing in my veins. I saw May Tallord in another man's arms I-saw him rain kiss after kiss upon her upturned face, and then I could see that she had fainted. "He bore her gently into the hou'se and then came out. As the door opened I saw his face; it was white as marble, and it was the face of Henry Strafford. "IHe passed on down the street, and I stood there in the pouring rain, stunned and almost bereft of my senses. Presently the stunned sensation left me, and then my blood leaped fiercely to my heart, my passion turned to a wild desire for revenge, and I started almost at a run down the street in the direction that Henry had taken. Every feeling of love that I had entertained for him only made me hate him more. "I tore into the place I had called homs and went directly to his room. I found him sitting at his table, with his head buried between his hands. He arose to meet me, but, seeing the look upon my face, stopped short. I raved at him ; I raised my hand to strike him ; but his white, calm face daunted me; he spoke no word. I raved on. Thesi little by little he learned the truth, and when, exhausted, I stopped for breath, he avanced one step toward me, and, almost without opening his mouth, said: _"' Your eyes did not deceive you: it was "Glaring at him, I stood before the ap ealing face, crushing compassion down in my anger, and poeting with my finger to the door, cried : "IHe quivered from head to foot. Slowly he moved back step by step, and I followed m; thie mute appeal in his eyes was use leas; on, on, until he reached the door; then, turning mechanically to undo the lutening, he went out into the night with ,atanother look, out into the pitiless rain, and I was cold as stone. "I watched him walk slowly off into the ldakess, and when the gloom enveloped him I fainted. "When I came to my senses the rain had t?seed, and the stars were shining calmly. A distant church clock began to strike the oer, and I counted the strokes-one, two, three. "All night long I satin niy chamber. I fdltas if a hot iron had seared my heart and hain. The grey morning broke and found me sitting there. The sun rose and danced 'pn my nerveless fingers, but I moved then not. To have looked at me, one would have thought that I was dead. "At last I staggered to my feet, and easing out into the now busy street, walked mechanically, without the exercise of any eeaoning faculty, toward the residence of Talford. I asked for May, and was shown to the parlor. I was so u'uobservant of eund or sight that I did not know she was 1 the room until, touching me on the arm, Se asked me in a strange, ddld voice what the matter was. I started at the sight of hr face; it was haggard as that of a ghost. *"' lay,' I managed tosany, 'last night-' But she stopped me. "'Last night, Mri. Hardin! You need ottellme ; I know all.' "'You ' "'Yes,' she answered; 'I, May Talford, kow it all. And listen to me, John Hardin.' lier eyes gleamed wildly, and I who had' Mme to speak remained to hear. 'Listen to me, John Hardin !' she repeated. 'I lo?e Henry Strafford-he loves me.' Even It that I did not move. She continued : bet night, he came to bid me farewell for "rer?, "'For ever ?" SeWait? Yes, for ever! He could not help loving me, nor I him; ;'but we could do Our duty, and if you had not been pasming last night, that farewell would have sealed the marriage tie of John Hardin to May. Talford. That is all. As you told him last night I tell you now--gelo I We owe you ouch, and if the debt has not been paid you have yourself to blame. Once more, my last word to you is-go.' "She came toward me with a wild gleam in her face, and before her, slowly retreat ing, I passed out of the door. I have never seen her since. " I knew then how much these two had intended sacrificing for me. I felt how I had repaid their devotion; and sadly, with bowed head, unheedful of the crowd, I went to my lonely home, more lonely now than ever. "Since that day my remorse has driven me fiom one place to another in the search for Henry Stratford. Vain search! I have never seen nor heard of him since that night when I watched him pass away, laden with my curse, pass away for ever from my oight with that appealing look upon his facd A bitter, bitter world is this, when remorseful memories haunt the chambers of the heart." 