Sftctcber. . Black Bess. BY MBS. M. L. BATHE. WAS it a dream ? We certainlydid not think so at the time, nor have I, ir all the years that have gone by since, had occasion t# changc my mind abont it. In deed, the conviction that it was not a dream, has r grown with my growth and strengthened with my strength, and the prominence which it assumes as a part of the events of the .past confirms and sus tains that conviction. If not a dream, what was it ? There are certain psychological conditions in people of abnormal temperament in which pheno mena are recurrent and unexplainable. You may not ba able to see ghosts in disembodiedjspirits with your natural sight, but when the friend of years tells you with the most solemn assevera tions that some one long since dead has appeared to him in bodily shape, will you dare to deny his word or affirm that it was a delusion? The eyes are wonderful mediums of vision, and the soul is an occult philosopher, and "There are more things in Heaven and earth, Horatio, Than are dreamt of in your philosophy." The Scotch people are believers in second sight. My mother was a lineal descendant of the old Scotch Covenanters, a grand, strong woman, with out (apparently) a weakness of sentiment or snper stition. How gloriously she whipped us when.ye were boys, not in a temper, like a virago, but with tljp calm force of a Spartafi mother, until we had learned to abhor lies and tale-bearing, and were able to conquer effectually the large deposit of the old Adam which muddled our moral natures.^ "We were a large family, one of the old-fashioned kind, regular and numerous as steps to a stair. When my elder sister was married and living at home I was a little fellow in roundabouts, and I often thought-with perhaps a slight tinge of dis satisfaction-that it was liko hating two mothers at once. Next to my sister came the pride and honor of our family, Roderiek, my eldest brother. He wai a tall, fair-haired lad of 22, but like a man of the world in all his warn He was our business head, since my father's death. My father was n minister o! the old kirk, and preached till he died, j Roderiek was to hate been a minister, too, bat he always said no; the world's work was best for 'him, and it was when he was doing his best worii in the business ranks, buying and sell ing and making a clean heap of money to add to tho old' estate-well might we younger ones be proud of our braw elder brother; and then it was mother liad her dream ! But was it a dream ? Our mother was not a dreamer, nor did wa know she had any gift of secend sight. Often we would sit about her in the gloaming and beg her to tell us eerie stories of fetches and appearances, but she nerer did, declaring all such foolish gossip as pernicious to our minds. So she sang ns heroic songs instead, or recited the valiant deeds ofher ancestors on the field of Flodden, or told us Bible stories that were like romances as she related them in her stern, deep voice and commanding manner and strong Scotch idiom. But a$ often as we dared, one or another would summon courage to say in the half dialect we used in the family: " Mither, tell us what ye saw whin fayther deed." Then] her eyes would glow like two lite coals deep imher head, and her voice would sound as if it came from some great distance, and she weald siy in that still, soft way that has some thing hushed and awful in it: " Yell no remember the day. But to me it's as clear asjyestrcen, I waur biding at homealone, for yon, Allan, waur a baby. It waur a Sabbath, and your fayther preached as ho aye did at Ordequill Kirk, and it waur not timo for them to be back whin I'lookit out and saw your father coom up the Iiil|; he waur pale as death, an' I thocht it waur Ma last, sickness, ha looMfc that ghostly white."' ' . . # ; " An'; thin, mither ? " we would hurry her with, as she stopped and looked down. " There's nothing more to tell," she would say wearily] " It waur no your fayther at all; he died i' th' pulpit, a half hour afterward, wi'oufc a word T3gaming. What I saw come tip the walk and wliich never camo in at the door waur his wraith 'come to give me warnin'. Now, children, rin awa'i and vex me no mair." When ye younger ones spoke to Roderick about' it he always said mother was overtired and dreamed that, but we had not settled it in our own minds when what follows happened. Roderick had been away for a week on some business of land selling he was engaged in, and wo were expecting him homo on a Saturday night in time for supper with the family. But he did not come, and we were all more disappointed than we cared to own. Mother did not say much( but she looked,worn and put out. Her room wa.s a small bedroom off tho living room, and she laffc a hot fire burning, for the night was cold and dreary, and she knew Roderick would be wet with the heavy winter^ fog that hung over everything without. We did not lock or bar the door, a precaution, in deed, that we seldom took, and expecting to see' Roderick in the morning, we all went to bed to meet again at the breakfast table. That morning mother was late, a most uncom mon thing for her. My sister had spoken with her, and she was getting her clothes on, so we all sat around the table with our porridge-bowls be fore us, and waited for' the blessing which began each meal, and without which we dared not touch Bpoon or knife. When mother came she looked aronnd the table and asked quickly: "Is no Roderiek doon yei? " " No, mither," said Jinny,Roderick is na at home the morn, sin he did na come yestreen.'' " But he did coom," said mother, " he's up yon now, sleepin'. Ye need na disturb him," and she bent her stately head in its widow's cap and in voked that blessing of which we had never yet heard one word. That it wa| all right we had no doubt-we took it upon trust. Breakfast was nearly over, when mother looked at me and said: ' " Bin oop, Allan, and wake your brither." My porridge was good and I had " happed on." a teaspoon of sugar when my sister was looking the other way, so I whined: " Sind Robbie, mither; he's through wi' the I vittles." Mother looked at me. I rose expeditiously enough ! then, and went np the well- worn stairs three at a time, whistling the air of " Bonny Kilmeny." I I then kicked on Roderick's door once or twice. No 1 answer. Next I knocked deoontly, and called, " Roderick ! beest in? " > There was dead silence. I opened the door a little, then wider. There was no one there, and the bed had not been slept in. I went down stairs and told my story. My mother rose np wrathfolly and said in her sternest voice: " An' yev'e been trifling I'll warm your jacket, Allan 1" ./ . ? . : - But I was not afraid. She did not find^Rode j-ick any more than I did.. * 1 " Awa' to the barn," she said, as she came down; " he'll be there> happen." , .I But no Roderick was there. " How coom ye to think as how .the lad was at hame? " asked Jinny, as she cleared the table. " I saw him," answered mother, solemnly ; "I saw him wi' my twa eon. He coofn in aboot twal o' the clock, and I spake wi' him, hut I he didna answer. Happen he's dead, as his fayther wan afore him. Aye, Roderick, my son, my son!" All unconsciously she used the pathetic words of King Pavid, and we children were thrilled as if at weird prophesy had been spoken. All but Jinny; she was not a romantio young woman, and she had no superstition; so she said whiles she folded the cloth: " Ye dreamed it, mither." " Aye ! as I dreamed about your fayther, if ye call that dreaming," responded mother. > ; " There he is now," cried Jinny, pointing to the window, " cooming up the hill on a gallop. Rin, children, and open the gate to him." That Roderick ! " I cried, contemptuously. " Why, that's a coal-black horse, and he rode away on a sorrel mare, Na, na, that is u\ ma gude big brither." But indeed it was, as I saw a moment later when he rose in his stirrups and waved his cap to mother in the doorway. I ducked under her arm-our mother was a woman of large stature-and ran away to meet my brother. How good and handsome he looked as he pnthis hand down to help me on the saddle bow in front of him. " Mither thocht you waur deed," was my first foolish remark. "Not yet, little brother," he said, laughing lightly, "nor likely to be, please God j he doffed his cap as he spoke. ' . Mother waited on him at his late breakfast with hungry eyes, and Jinny piled up the barley/cakes, each one hotter than the other.; ' ' " You woman folk spoil me," he said, between the mouthfols. " Now me ain mither, what waur it ye dreamit aboot me 1" " It was na a dreem," said mother. "Ah, noo ye ken it was," said the laughing laddie, " or if it pleases ye to call it a vision, what wanr the vision 2 " " Ye will laugh at me, thin," said mother, .in a low voice, " but if ever I saw ye alive wi' ma twa" een, I saw ye last nicht at' twal o' the clock as plain as I do noo." "An* what was, I doing, mither t" We all gathered, wide-mouthed and staring, to hear what mother would say., i , ?_ "I will na say a ..word," remarked mother, with sudden anger, " if a' hody laughs ; ca' it a dream if ye want, but listen respectful like, whiles I talk." : The Scotch are not a nation of gigglers. In a moment our faces wer* as set as flint. "It wanr nicht, dark nicht," began mother, " and I hed kep' awake listenin', listenin' for ma boy to coom, for you ken it's the first time he has ever disappointed, me, and I expected him every moment, happen naught had gone wrang. I wanr wide awake an' watchin' the fire i* the chim ney-place, and whiles I thocht of him, and whiles I thocht of his fayther he is so vera like, an* then the door opened sudden like, and he walked in/and went oop to the fire. I was'na surprised an* I did'na speak yet; he took off his great-coat, an' I saw it was'na wet, an' I wondered what had kept him dree; he hung his coat over a chair-ye know it's your way of doin*-an' he took off his neckerchief and hung that on the chair, too, an' Btood ower the coals and shivered; thin I called, 'Are ye cold, lad?' and you never spake, nor turned your head-an' ye were that pale I thocht ye wanr faint a' ridin'." "And .what became of me or my double!" asked Roderick gaily. " That I canna tell; I knew no more, for my mind was easy at your hein' at hame, an' I slept till late this mornin'." "That she did," said Jinnyv ."Bat wherewauir yon, Boderick, thenichtj" ??"» <? JJL " At Bailie BlaverJfick'Sj^who - once i went a-courtin' our good mither herS whon she warir a slip of a lass. Eh, mither ? Til warrant ye can blush yet, like a rose i' the sun." " Ye graceless lad! " said she, with the love light in her eyes as she followed his every motion, so prond and fond of him in his brave manhood. "And now, mither, yon'v* often heard said 'that one story is good til' . ?iher is told.' I rode ten miles ov«r tho hcataer and bracken to , get hame this morn and here I am, not deed at a* I nor fittin to ho. So yon r'e dream or vision i* at fault this time. Now, come out all o* ye and see j the brave black steed that is to fill the sorrel mare's place. Black Bess is a beauty, and I got her at an even dicker." A black horse is an uncanny baist," said my mother, graefully. . | "Looks .like a mute at a fun'ral,'-interposed Bobbie; ! "" > "Whist," said Jinny, sharply, "you'reenough j ? to kill otie .in your .dismal clavcrinV Gang awa into the gunshino," and get* the black man out of your thoehtB." It wa^ a bright morning after the fog, and we thronged out with a will to see the new purchase, mother with father's plaid over her shoulders, the rest of ui bareheaded and full of pranks. Boderick brought out the horse, a mettlesome creature, with much wliite to the balls of her eyes, and her sleek ears laid well back. Prancing and curveting, sho went tha rounds of the yard, Boderick holding the halter strap .with a firm grip. Suddenly Black Boss cast a shoe. . , " Pick it up for luck," whispered Bobbie. " Takfe the halter, Allan," said Boderick. I was mortally afraid of the towering beast, but more afijaid to disobey my brother, and I stepped np gingerly and held the halter while tho nncanny creature'sniffed at me suspiciously. Roderick stooped at that moment to pick up the' shoe. . He was laughing, mayhap, at my sacred face, for the black brute gave a lungs, a violent kick, anld landed me on tho wood-pile. Then Bhe rushed to the barn. I scrabbled down and ran up to, Boderick. The shoe"was in his hand, he was still smiling," bat there was a settling in all his limbs, and in a inomeifP he lay in a heap at our feet, de^d-aye, dead, and the smile frozen on his face! i * ' ' . ? . It was so awfully sudden that we could not-at' first believe it, and even when'they told-us that the imprint of that brute beast's foot was found over hip heart we hoped against hope that he might survive. .All hat mother., I am an old man ana my hair is lint white, but I'll never "for get, no! never, how she stood and looked at. him withoulj a tear or a .sigh, and said to herself over and over: ' " " ' ' ' " It waur na dream ! It wanr na dream !" -Detfoit Free Press. 