The Smuggler's Ghost. Did yon ever enconnter the smuggler's ghost, The spectre of Smuggling Bill As he leaned himself on an old gnn-post At the top of Tower Hill ? I think me not, though he comes by niglit All the passers-by to scan, A Btrange, weird, long-shore, lubberly wight— Pea-jacketty sort of a man. His voice is hnsky, his eyes rolls wild— The other is under a patch— TT?h nose is swollen—this mystic child— And his legs were never a match. As he leaves the post on a midnight dull He goes with a nautical roll, A solid mahogany seaside hull He seems; but he's only soul. I met him once, and I saw him clear By a gas-lamp's dancing light. Recalling weeds and tobacco dear That I bought of a smuggler wight. And I said, " O runner of Revenue rigs, Thou knave of tlie contraband, I'll have thee clapped with the dos and prigs;" But he raised him his gnarl&d; hand. "Avaet with thy coppers!" and "You be blowed!" In a mixture strange said he; " I'm in spirits now, and I can't be stowed In thiB mortial coun-ter-ee. Hot sham blue ruin in bladdery skin, Nor tater-brewed oh-de-wee, That ain't paid dooty," he said with a grin; " I'm a spirit, mate, carnt yer see ? " I looked him up, and I looked Mm down, And I thought of my four pound five I paid for cigars when he did me brown, And he certainly looked alive. Bat he gave me a goblin goose-skin leer, As he grinned with his mouth so roomy. " If yer doubts my word, take yer crutoh stick there, And you'll find it'll go right through me. " Oh, woe—woe, bacco and paper brown 1 Oh, woe, sham oh-de-wee 1 I'm Smuggler Bill, and I've come from down In the furderest coun-ter-ee. Oh, I was the wickedest smuggler bold That never did go to sea : i sold cigars and the buyers sold, And what's to become o' me? " Oh, down by Wapping and Poplar way, And down by the muddy Strand, And down by the Docks I am doomed to stray," And he wrung him each gnarly hand. " I wants to find 'em, and can't tell where, And I doesn't know where to look; There's pounds upon pounds, and there's pounds to spare, As I hid afore I was took." Then I said, " Oh, seaman of doubtful guise, Do yon come from that other shore ? " " Ay, mate 1" as he rolled him that one of his eyes, " And I don't want to go any more." " But what are you seeking, and why are you oome? Why pl&yedst; thou me that trick ?" " Ah, it's all along o' those weeds so—hum! Did they make you so werry sick ? " Oh, it's what I'm a-telling o' you, you see,". And to east and to west he turned, " I can't remember, or may I be Most—something unpleasantly—burned." He moaned as he gave me a mournful gaze, He groaned him right into his boots ; " Oh, it's all along o' them Henery Clays, And them sham Bengal cheroots. " Oh, there's pounds on 'em hidden I can't tell where. And some misfortnet bloke Wili be hunting 'em out if I don't take care And there isn't one fit to smoke. Ah, where did I put 'em ? Ah, where are they hid ? Ah, where did I plant that chest With Henry Clay on the top o' the lid ? And wasn't they bad 'uns, jest ? " They makes 'em up at a bob a pound— Brown paper in backer gravy ; And I sold 'em a quid for a box all round,. On a smuggler's affidavy. And down by the Isle o' Dogs I goes, And huntin' in Ratcliff Highway, But never them weeds shall I find, I knows, And they'll never more come in my way. "I never can take just a glass o' short, Though I drops in at public bars, Since £ belongs to another port, For selling o' sham cigars. For I used to roam as a smuggler bold Who laughed at the B'yal Excise; A dodge so stale, and a dodge so old, But allcrs ripe for a rise." And as I gazed he was there no more, Not so much as his old pea-jacket; But there seemed to come from a distant shore, Or from out of old Charon's packet, " Oh, I am the wickedest smuggler bold That never did go to sea; I never get hot, and I never grow cold, In this hide-and-come-seek-a-ree 1" —g. mawvtt.t.t! Fjsnn, in Hood's Annual The largest palace car in the world has jaat been completed at Sheffield, England, for the Buenos Ayres Great Southern Bail way Company. It is 60 feet long, 9 feet 4 inches wide, and 9 feet 5 inches high. The saloon, which is fitted with two dining-tables, a sideboard, and two sofas, the latter being convertible into beds, is 24 feet long, and oc cupies the width of the car. From the sa loon a passage leads to the ladies' saloon, which is provided with every comfort and convenience. There are also lavatories, bath rooms, and an attendant's room. Every contrivance to secure good ventilation, with freedom from dust, has been applied. The car is for five-feet guage. One of the events at the Gymkhana meet ing, at Malta, is a 44 saddle and smoke race." | The regulations to be fulfilled by the com petitors are: 44 To stand by their ponies' heads with saddles over their arms. At the word 4 go,' to saddle and ride oft, lighting a cigar before so doing. At the first bridge, to dismount on the usual side, and remount on the o2 side. The same to be done at the second bridge. Winner must come in with cigar alight and girth secure." 44 Teat is probably the most successful opera fcion ever performed," remarked one physician to another. 44 It is, indeed," was the enthusiastic reply. 441 should say that the tumor weighs not less than eight poands." 44 At least that. I have made arrangements to have it carefully preserved, and it can not but prove of great benefit to the art of surgery." " Undoubtedly. You must allow me to con gratulate you, doctor, on your success in this matter. You have reflected great credit on the profession. Well, I must leave you at this corner. Good-day: I suppose I will see you at the f une raL"— Philadelphia CaXL. Here's a poem which you may publish in your paper," said a young man with eyes in fine frenzy rolling, as he entered the editorial door. "I dashed it off rapidly in an idle moment, and you will find it in a rough state, as it were. You can make such corrections as you think necessary." "Ah, much obliged," said the editor; "I wil give you a chque for it at once." " You are very kind," said the contributor. " I will be delighted." " There you are," said the editor, handing him a cheque. \- "Many thinks," exclaimed the young man. " I will bring you some other poems." When he got to the door, he suddenly paused, then came back. " Excuse me," he said, " but you have forgot to fill up the cheque. You have not written the date nor the amount, nor have you signed your name." " Oh," said the editor, " that is all right. You see I have given yon a cheque in its rough state, as it were. You can make such corrections as you i think necessary." ■People's Paper. 