BLOWING- UP A SHARK WITH GUN- POWDER. 'WHILE the good ship Amphitrite was creeping along a man in tbe maintop noticed an enormous shark gliding steadily in her wake. This may Beem a small incident, yet it ran through the ship like wildfire, and caused more or less uneasiness in three hundred stout hearts: BO near is every seaman to death, and BO strong the persuasion in their superstitious minds, that a si ark does not follow t ship pertinaciously without a prophetic instinct of calamity. Unfortunately tbe quartermaster conveyed this idea to Lord Tadcaater, and confirmed it by numerous examples, to prove that there • was always death at hand when a shark followed the ship. Thereupon Tadcasler took into his head that he was under a relapse, and tbe shark was waiting for his dead body: he got quite low-ipirited. Dr. Statnes told Lieutenant Pifzroy. Fitsroy said, " Shark be blowed ! I'll have him on deck in half an-honr." He got leave from tbe raptaim a book was baited with i larpe piece if pork, and towed astern by a short line, experienced old hands «tte*eiM it by turns. V^came up leisurely, surveyed the V®orehend, ascertained the At all events, he sucked the bait off > ship tried him in )ss; for if they got moment be took tbe .'d, in tbat case be roouth so wide tbat the -t clear. But sooner or jfgot the bait and left his <Ook. "on for days, and his huge dorsal -3 the ship's wake. Then Tad- ;watched the experiments , ,jst his spirit and eppet t Reasoned with him, but in vain. Uody wag to die; and although there . , three hundred and more in the ship :,,ust _be the one. At last he actually his will, and threw himself into f :.ines'fl arms and gave bira messages to his pother, and Lady Cicely ; and ending by . frightening himself into" a fit. Tjm roused Staines' spity and also put him on*nii mettle. * What, science be beaten by . a shark? ,He pondered tbe matter with all i.'biBmight; and at last an idea came to him. ^He asked tbe captain's permission to try MB hand. This was aooorded immediately, ftbd ghip's storee plaoed at bis disposal very politely, but with a sly, comical grin. Dr. Staines got from the oarpenter some sheets of ZIDO and spare copper, and Borne flannel ; IfaeBe he out into three-inoh BqtjareB, and soalied the flannel-in aoidulaled wafer.' He then: procured a quant'ty of hellwire, .the greater part he insulated by wrapping it round with hot gutta-peroba. So eager was he; that he did not turn in all night. In the morning he prepared what he called ah eleotrio fnse. He filled a eoda- •ma(4f ; bottle with gunpowder, attaching Bome oprk to make -it buoyant, put in the ft,Ve and'bung, made it water-tight, ooninebted' knd insulated his main wires, en. •yeipped the bottle in pork, tied aline to it, ana lei the bottle overboard. TPho paplain and officers Bhook tbeir beads myf tarionely. The tare peeped and grinned from e'very ropo to ee6 a doctor try to oatoh a s^rk with a Bpda-wafer bottle; batsome- •fiowthe doctor seemed to know what he was about, JIB tbey hovered around, and awaited .tbeiUBsnlt; mystified, bnt curious, end showing; tfeejrteeth from mi.to ear. sit V Tbe onlytbingl fear," said BtufneB, "is tbat, the moment he takes the bait he will cat $be wire Wore I can complete tbe cironit, and fire tbe fnse." •# --!NevprtheleBS, there was another objection 'W'tbe eticoeBs'of the experiment. Tiie shark . [.the captain, " atall«ventB yon have frightened Aim away." , "No," eBid,3il0r''$^^iSter, white as a ghost; " ho iB'ypnly nnder- water, I know; waiting—waiting." ~ " Therp _he , isj' cried one in the rat- ' line*. t>^s'-> ' •••'J ••••••• : There was a insh to the taffYoil—great .-• ^^SSgjjlj^^if jaid Staines, quietly hntfirmj^'^&tat; can only be ^done, at the nomenthefpre.be^RATB the wire" flwam dowly round the ^jiHe#awitwOT;somethingnew. fie swam ronnd and ronnd it.. " r •'JffiBwSn'i'Uke'ii/'^aid one. W^riBpeots something." ^s, be will takejtjie meat Somehow, andj&tftfrae;'jepperjTBly olS fai?* ^ m m ^ -poor JaoJr, lh»t The shark turned slowly on bis biok, and, instead of grabbing at the bait, seemed to draw it by gentle suction into that capaoious throat, ready to blow it out in a moment if it was not all rigbt. The moment the bait was drawn out of sight, Staines completed tbe oiroait; and the bottle exploded with a fury that surprised him and everybody who saw it; a ton'of water flew into tbe air, and Came down in spray, and a gory carcase floated, visibly staining the blue water. There was a roar of amazement and applause. The oarcaBe was towed alongside, at Tad. caster's nrgent request, and then tbe power of tbe exploBion was seen. Confined, first by tbe bottle, then by tbe meat, then by tbe fish, end lastly by the water, it had exploded with tenfold power, had blown tbe brute's head into a million of atoms, and had even torn a great furrow in its carcase, exposing three feet of the baokbone. Taddy gloated on his enemy, and began to pidk up again from that honr. 