DISGUISED ROMANISM. Sib, — The Inguirer's correspondent ' Par ishioner' must be affected with some craze. Is itpossible that in the nineteenth century there exists within the pale of the Church of England such a religious fossil as ' Parishioner ?' . , ' Tne broadest dissemination ot the sac red writings' he says ' is in my opinion as opposed to Christ's injunction as it is alien to the teaching of the Church of England.' To deal with the latter assertion first : I find in the 6th article these words, ' Holy Scripture containeth all things neeessary to salvation.',' Is this consistent with your correspondent's view of the teaching of his church ? If it be. true that the way of salvation is clearly pointed out in the Word of God, is it not the manifest duty of the Christian Church to assist ' the broadcast dissemination of the sacred writings ?' What notes or comments would he have the British Foreign Bible Society adopt? Does he not know, what all the world knows, that jt would not be possible even among MMjMjyiffl^BMBIJ^MBMB^aMbiTtS arrive at a ment as to what 'notes or comiaents' should be given with the text? Does he not know' that there is almost as much dis agreement and disparity on points, of doctrine inside that church as outside? Bishop Hooper says ' And seeing that the church is bound unto this infallible truth, the only Word of God, it is a false and usurped authority that men attribute unto the clergy, and bind, the Word of God and Christ's church to the succession of bishops, or^ any college of cardinals, schools, minis tries or cathedral churches.' Cannot your correspondent see that the position he takes on this point is directly subversive of the great principle of the Protestant Reformation, and that chere never would have been such a thing as a Church of England had the Reformer' held his views ? .-'?'' : ... But his views are still more monstrous when he tries to make out that Christ Himself is opposed to the circulation of the Scriptures. Worst of all, he quotes scrip ture to prove this; and presents it under Hil/Ml faien ll***-Tl4- no 4/\ tvinlrn Z4- nnviAnM 4-lt r» 4 '«vu j.LU0t? llgut, a.o b\J UlOiILC XV LL^J^JKStXL LUtLU scripture contradicts itself. 'Neither cast ye your pearls before swine,' is the first passage brought' forward. This is a mis application of the words of Christ. Assum ing- that- ' that which is holy,'' and the' 'pearls'- spoken of would iriclude the Scriptures, who are the ' swine' from whom ' Parishioner' would keep the Bible ? Are they the people of Western Australia, who are not to be trusted with these holy things ? How will he teach this great Society to dis oriminate between the 'dogs' and the ' swine' who must not have the pearl put into their hands, and those who may safely be entrusted with it? But perhaps he be lieves thai a man needs a clergyman at his elbow to tell him the meaning of the usually simple language of scripture ? Then he goes on to speak of the bewildered eunuch, but forgets that the eunuch had not in his possession the Gospel, with then: record of the fulfilment of the prophecies he waB reading ; and that we have the whole com plete and can compare scripture with scripture. ' No prophecy is of private interpretation' does not mean what he assumes it means. The passage is to prove that the interpretations and disclosures in the Word of God itself are not of private, i.e. not of the individual writer's origination, but that the real author, was the; Holy Ghost. Let your correspondent .read the context as well as the text. ' Parishioner' remarks ' the command is to go and 'preach the Gospel,' not to sell copies of the sacred writings ' without note or comment.' ' Did he expect our Lord to tell his disciples to sell or circulate the Gospels and Epistles long, before some of them could possibly have thought of writ ing them P It is amusing to see a writer himself giving up the position he lays down. In the first part of his letter 'Parishioner' would give the Bible into the hands of the clergy that they may instruct him in its meaning, and in the latter part he reads them. a lecture, quoting scripture to them and distorting it by his own comments. Let him weigh matters more carefully be fore he rushes into print with such hurtful views. jl understand tne JL-ean denounced tne Protestant (?) views of ' Parishioner' on Monday evening, but unfortunately^ the Dean's remarks have not had the same publicity as the letter he replied to. In concluding his letter your correspon dent asks some questions, the answers to which he appears to think will strehthen his position. I do not think so, however, if the answers be properly considered. The Old Latin or ante-Hieronymian revision. was in popular use in North A f rica in the last quarter of the second century, and this edition lacked only Hebrews, James and 2nd Peter. The fact that this was not ex actly the same as our version does not affect the main point at issue in the lea&t; degree. The Roman Empire was not converted to Christianity until portions of the Scriptures were circulated far and wide. It would be preposterous to expect the whole of the sacred writings to have been collected, collated, admitted to canonically, formed into one volume and circulated in the early years of the Christian Church in face of the following facts — the distance and difficulties of communication between the Churches in possession of the various epistles, etc, ; the hesitation shown in their acceptance as genuine ; the ignorance of the art of printing, and the immense labor and length of time it was necessary to expend in multiplying the MSS by copying them. And does ' Parishioner' think it reasonable to expect that afterwards in an age when men are taught (what he is teaching now) that only the clergy were able to under stand and expound the Scriptures, and before the printing press was at work, any one would bo so absurd as to propose that the world should be evangelised by putting those Scriptures 'in the hands of unin structed men?' . In conclusion, how will he explain, con sistently with his own views, the fact that the Bereans are spoken of as more noble than those of Thessalonica because they searched the Scriptures for themselves before fully receiving the teaching of the 'chief of the Apostles ?' The circulation cf the translation of a single Gospel has changed a whole heathen town ere now in India before ever the Gospel was preached by stny missionary to its inhabitants, and yet there are those who would prevent this Society from going on with its glorious work of disseminating those Scriptures which, 'without note or comment,' are able to make men 'wise unto salvation through faith which is in Christ Jesus.' — Tours, &c;, A REAL PROTESTANT. Aug. 22. 