A PUBLIC ENEMY Some months ago we gave our readers an ac count of some of the more remarkable pro ductions of the great Norwegian dramatist, Henrik Ibsen, His last play, though it was pub lished two years ago in Denmark, has only just reached the Melbourne Library. It does not deal with such delicate or complicated matter is A Doll's Home, or Ghost, and is rather a revertal to tho topics treated of in the Young Men's League and in the Pillars of Society. Ibsen's central idea is that life can only be built up upon truth of character, and that whatever tends to make us false to our- selves, be it early training, social conventions, self interest or the influence of public opinion, is to be battled against with all possible reso luteness. There seems no reason in itself why this view should incline the holder to one set of political opinions rather than another. Ibsen, however, is distinctly a Conservative, either because Liberalism is so often asso ciated with worthless political cries and ser- vile truckling to the will of the majority, or because he sympathises with the quaintness and rugged tenacity which are often found to be associated with Conservative opinions. His last work, A Public Enemy, perhaps gains little in dramatic effect from the manner in which he individualises whatever he considers vicious and foolish as Liberal ; but it may probably be said also that it loses by concentrating on a party the scorn that is deserved by universal human nature. There is also in this work a still more marked ab sence of the poetical touches that are the great beauty of Ibsen's early dramas than even in his two last pieces, though they also were entirely in prose and philosophical. Alto gether, A Public Enemy must he admitted to take only secondary rank among Ibsen's produc tions, but then Ibsen's place in literature is so high that nothing which bears the impress of his hand can fail to have its significance and a high interest. 'The hero of A Public Enemy is Dr. Thomas ' Stockmann, a physiciau and Scientific man, who after years of struggling professional life has succeeded in calling pub lic attention to the mineral waters of " Ills native town upon the southern coast of Norway." The result has been that the town has become a fashionable watering place, and that Thomas Stockmann finds himself and- dehly a prosperous physician, attached to the public baths, 'Unluckily, his attention is arrested by the fact that a number of his first year's patients show signs of low fever towards the end of their course ; and though be -'succeeds in preventing an outbreak of typhus, he cannot disguise from himself that there is something radically wrong in the bath water. On examination lie finds that thehpring has been tapped at a place where it is contaminated by the drainage of the town, and chemical analysis leaves no doubt that it is actually poisonous from the amount of organic matter contained in it. The doctor "is radiant at the discovery. To liiin it seems the most natural thing in the world that everyone should rejoice ut a danger to health being discovered and set right. The conductors of the local newspaper agree with him that he is a public benefactor, and offer him the support of thoir coluwus. To them the discovery represents itself as something that will furnish material for sensational articles, and for attacks on some of the rich share holders in tho baths, whom the paper hu0 habitually opposed. His father-in-law. Morten Kiil, an old miser, who has bean votedoutofcivic olliceB.i's farioo shrewd to suppose for a moment that the doctor's discovery will bo welcomed, bat maliciously cheers him on out oi ill will to the leading inhabitants. Finally, tne printer, Aslskseu, who is a man of iutluence among the smallfry of the to- vmhip, declares that any discovery that will improve the baths is certain to- be welcomed if it is put forward in a mode rate way. "Thou knowest now that we small people will stand behind thee at nil hazards like a wall. Thou hast the compact majority on thy side, doctor." . The first change in the situation comes with the entrance of Peter Stockmann, the doctor's elder brother, and the mayor of the town. IVter Stockmann has aiwavs regarded his brother as an unbusinesslike being, not quite responsible for bis actions, and has been a little jealous of his claims to be regarded as the originator of the hath. Being one of tho chief shareholders in the bathrooms and springs, ho is not nt all inclined to abandon the existing buildings. "Hast thou troubled thyself, " he asks, "to consider what the proposed changes will cost ? I'rom the information I have received tho outgoings will probably amount to several hundred thousand crowns. . . a And then comes the worst of all. The works will extend over a period of at least two years." Of course to this has to bo added the consideration tlint tile bath will probably lore its reputation if a report that the waters are contaminated gets abroad. The mayor suggests that as the matter has unfortunately come to be talked about, Dr. Stockmanu shall sign a certificate that ids first results were untrustworthy, anil that there is nothing to canto any real anxiety, while lie is to co operate in private witli the bath directors, and patch up matters, so as to prevent the ontbreak of any epidemic. Dr. Stockmann, of course, indignantly refuses compliance. Hfs , , researches are not inaccurate, and have been confirmed by independent work, .anil he knows very well that if tho bath-directors object to the real nature, of the daiiger being known, nothing effectual can be done to check tho breaking ont of a pestilence. F or tiie moment lie is not dismay ed by bis brother's threats. He believes that he lias the local paper and the great majority of tho township's people for his supporters. His first disenchantment comes with the press. Hovstad, tho editor, and Billing, the sub-editor, are needy Juen, who cannot afford to break with tbeir subscribers. Besides this, Billing is a candidate for a place under the town council, and Rovstad quarrels at the wrong moment with the doctor's daughter Petra, who is of her father's mould, and who takes offence at being told that Hovstad has only supported her father in order to please her. Accordingly, when the mayor walks into the editor's office and points out that the shareholders in the baths are determined not to go io the cost of the necessary alterations, and that the town will have to make them itself or be ruined, editors and printer go over at once to the Bide of authority, and Hovstad declares that be cannot even allow the doctor's views to" appear in the paper. Dr. Stockmann resolves to hold a public meeting, and explain how matters stand. So tho roughly however is the town united against him,' that he only obtains the use of a room large enough to hold a few people by the kind ness of a friend ; a rugged captain of a mer chant ship, who professes not to understand or to oaro about local politics. The meeting ends as might bo assumed. The hearers hare came armed with cat-calls, and the first thing they do is to vote the printer to the chair, and to pass a resolution that they will not hear what the doctor has to say.- Hovotad supports the resolution on the "ground that it is au editor's first duty to be in accord with public opinion. Dr. Stockmann is only allowed to speak- to the question by declaring that he does not mean to trouble bis hearers about the drainage question, lie has news of a more important kind to communicate : that all the source of spiritual life are poisoned, and tiiat the whole social fabric is built upon ground saturated with miasma. It is not the immea surable stupidity of the leading citizens that appals him, for these dotai ds, the relics of en expiring world of ideas, will die out by themselves, — "It is tho compact majority who are the most dangerous enemies of truth Co Folke-denils. Stuetpil st Henrik Ibsen. fiytshigsn ; F. Hcgri SunJ- i and freedom among us. Yes, it is the accursed, compact, liberal majority." . . , " The majority, is never in the right." . , . "I think we shall agree that fools are in a fearfully overwhelming majority all the world over. Now it can never be right that fools shall govern the wise." " I purpose to head a revolt against the lie that the majority possesses the truth. What are the truths that the majority loves to embrace '! They are truths of such ancient date that they are well nigh dropping dead by the way side. Now, when a truth is as old as this, gentlemen, it is in a good way to be come a lie." " It is a newspaper lie that the mob, the masses and the rabble are the true kernel of the people. The mob is only the raw material, out of which the people is to make men," Naturally these remarks do not conciliate the meeting, and Dr. Stockmann is charged with wishing to ruin the whole com munity. He replies that he will sooner ruin it than see it blossom upon a lie, and, at this startling declaration of his innermost views, the meeting proceeds to an almost una nimous vote that he is a public enemy. The one exception is a drunken man, who insists upon votiog both ways. Thanks to the strong habit of legality, Dr. Stockmann and his family are able to reach their home safely, but they are escorted by a yelling mob, which breaks-erery pane of glass in the house. Dr. Stockmann's troubles are not yet at an end. His intention has been to take a passage to America in the ship commanded by the frieud who lets iiira the room. Next day the friend looks in upon him to announce that he is dismissed from his command for the offence af sympathising with a public enemy. Then his daughter Petra enters, and an nounces that she is dismissed from her position as under teacher, the head teacher ex plaining that Rlie does not dare to keep her on, although she gladly would. Next the mayor comes in to announce that Stockmann is dis missed from his position as hath physician, and that all of the householders of the borough have signed an agreement not to employ him. It is intimated, however, that a frw months hence,- when the storm has blown over, it will be very possible for him to get reinstated if he publish a positive recantation of his present views, as the directors of the baths are quite alive to the weight his opinion may carry out side the borough. As tho mayor leaves the house Martin Kiil enters it. Martin Kiil takes it as an insult to himself that the drain age is said to he polluted by tanneries, one of which has been in his family for years. He has spent the morning in buying np the discredited hath shares, and now tells his son in-law that the fortune destined for Mrs. Stockmann and her children lias been in vested in this way, and that- Stockmann must understand that, if the baths are ruined, his fortune will go with it and he will be disinherited of what remains. He allows liim a couple of hours to decide what lie wilt do. Scarcely has he left the house when Hovstad and Aslakscn enter it. They have heard of Kid's proceedings, and imagine that the doctor and his father-in-law have plotted together to " bear " tho market in shares, so as to get them into their own hands. Tiiey clamorously demand to be admitted into tho ring. In short, not only is Dr. Stockinann ruined, but not one of Iiis neighbors, even among those who have known him best, believes him to liuve acted from any but bad motives. In this supreme mo ment lio derives courage from despair, accept.' the loan of Captain Horster's house, and deter mines to stay on in tho town, edu cating his children himself, and fighting out the battle with fraud and cowardice. " I have made another great discovery," he says. "It is that the strongest man in the world is he who stands most alone." The value of a work of art when it pro- fesses to embody abstract thought must stand or fall with the truth of the views it presents. Ibsen's satire is directed against democracy, and undoubtedly if there be any human being who believes that external truth can be determined by plebiscite that man comes deservedly under the lash. Most Liberals, however, would agree that the mass of men are fools, and what is claimed by moderate ones for democratic go vernment is not that it is infallible, hut that it gives freer scope for ideas than other forms. In this instance it is not the majority only, but the whole community — the rich and instructed as well as the poor and ignorant — who join in the opposition to Dr. Stockmann, and they do it because their common interests are threatened. If we take a parallel from actual history, Dr. Stockmann fared much as an American might have done thirty years ago if he talked against slavery out of the New England states. In that instance, the masses of the nation were determined to maintain slavery as an institu tion, though they knew it to be wrong and believed it to be dangerous, because the expense of a change was so formidable. Looking back at what actually happened, the debt incurred, the havoc wrought, the noble blood spilt like water, and the danger of national disintegration, even those who most cordially admire the enthusiasts who precipitated a war, may admit that " the com pact majority" had some reason to shrink from it. What was irresistibly shown in that instance, and has been shown time after time, is that even democracies are not governed by majorities but by the men who are strong enough to stand alone. Slavery fell because the opposition to it, being deter- mined and fierce, produced a state of tension that made it impossible to retain compromises of any kind. In the case of " a public enemy'' we cannot suppose that the individual refor mer would bo benefited by his work, neither is that exactly what the reformer onght to desire. What is certain is, that if Dr. Stockmann executed his threat, and pub lished his results in papers from which ids fellow citizens could not exclude them, the bath directors or the town council would be compelled by outside public opinion to make the necessary changes or to see themselves ruined. The real value of a compact majority, it may be added, is scarcely to be measured by a popular vote on a matter of private interest in a small borough. Democracy assumes only that where there is freo play far a great many various interests, no one of them, as a rule, will be allowed to thrive on tho ruins of the others. In the next case it is surely mistaken to suppose that wisdom is designed to get a hearing from the first moment she speaks. It is very seldom indeed that wisdom can counsel pleasant courses to a community. Generally she has to speak in favor of change, of ob literating old laud marks, uprooting old traditions and damaging established in terests. No doubt there is a second ary kind of wisdom, that of time- servers and hand-to-mouth statesmen, which can always spread its sails for the breath of popular applause. Men of this stamp have their use, for they catch the moment when change lias becomo unavoidable and is de sired. From the higher class of statesmen, however, nature exacts the moral dis- cipline of frequent reverses and the puri- fication of suffering, in order that they may unite the highest aims to the noblest work. Indeed, it seems un- reasonable to assume that any man should carry the world with him at a bound into some far- reaching revolution and to the re nunciation of present advantage. It is the capacity for self sacrifice which distinguishes the statesman from the politician, as it is the capacity for sound reason which separates the thinker from the fauatic. That John Brown should be hanged and Theodore Parker and Wendell Philipps knocked down, and Charles Sumner brutally attacked, be cause they denounced intolerable wrong, may seem very evil and very strange. All that can be said is that If these men had been wel- comed as apostles with a good tidings of un- known truth by the slave owners, crusades against evil would pass into the hands of entertainment organisers, and the world would lose one of its best tests for distinguishing what is sound from what is unreal. Martyrs have died for every kind of delusion, but after all it is not a bad evidence of sincerity that a man should lie ready to give up life or friends for what lie believes. Of course, if moral teaching could be worked out like a sum, the practical evidence of its capacity to sink deep would not be needed. As it i", the world is not altogether unwise when it provides itself with a few heaps of stones, that it may not be pestered with prophets. On the whole, the children of this generation seem to have rather a rough time of it with the idealists. In one of the side scenes of a Public Enemy, Petra Stockmann is introduced re fusing to translate an English novel for the local paper because its leading idea is "how a supernatural order takes care of all the so- called good people in the world, and makes everything end in the best possible way for them, while all tho so-called bad people are punished." As she very justly observes, that is not how matters actually hap pen. That, however, is iiow Ibsen appears to wish that matters should happen. In the world we live in we are accustomed to get pretty much what we wish and work for, with " its pleasures and penalties. The sensualist gets the enjoyment of the moment and disease ; the practical man riches, with what they command, and in most cases the incapacity of enjoyment ; while the idealist gets ideas and self- respect, with poverty and obloquy. It may be that this is not the best possible system of the universe. M. Comte is reported to have said that he could have invented a dozen better orders of nature than the actual one, and it is conceivable that humanity will swing into a new world with different desires and different habits of thought. Looking to actualities, however, we can see that a world in which Dr. Stockmann's re forms and costly changes would he welcomed, would he a world from which self interest and love of routine and distrust of innovation were absent. These are very important factors in our modern progress, and it is a little hard to blame " the compact liberal majority" for not having extirpated them. There remains Ibsen's hatred of cant. What he seems to feel as keenly as anything is that routine should shel ter itself under the watchwords of pro gress, and selfishness and corruption claim to be advanced thought. After all what is there in this but nn illustration of the old adage, that "hypocrisy is tho knave's last homage to virtue ?" No doubt it would be a better world, or at least the moral atraospliero would be less stilling, if selfish men said frankly that they were fight ing only for their own hands, and if schemers would leave God nnd trutli out of their vocabulary. . It seems, however, too much to expect that society will ever bear itself with perfect simplicity. Anciently, when whole nations were Christian, the in triguing statesman put his speeches and the ambitious general his despatches into tho phraseology of the Bible. Now, when society is secularised, and when Liberalism is recog- nised as the one great regenerating influence even by those who are least prepared to live up to its standard, we get phrases that can only be a reality to a few hundred men in any generation passing into common speech, and hackneyed by a dishonest uses. Nevertheless the sun's light is not the less pure because it only extracts mephitic odors from a bog. What is really astonishing and even hopeful is that an artist like Ibsen, pos sessed with a fierce hatred of what is unreal, should be recognised at a great teacher by his fellow countrymen. 