OUR HOME LETTER. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) London, 25th January, 1884. I BEGAN my last letter bemoaning the decision arrived at by the Sir Moses Montefiore Centennial Testimonial Committee. And now the whole affair has fallen through, and the committee have announced through the public press that at the request of Sir Moses, the proposal to commemorate his centenary will, for the present, be abandoned, and the grand public meeting at the Man sion House, at which the Archbishop of Canterbury and the Earls of Granville and Shaftesbury wore to have spoken, and which had been convened for Tuesday last, will not take place. The truth of the matter is this-Sir Moses does not care to have all this fuss made about him. In his humility-and good nature-he believes that there are many like himself. A man is as old as he feels, and does he not feel like a man of 60 1 How, then, is his age so wonderful ? He does not believe in hero-worship, if he is himself to bo the hero, and he had rather not see the " bust and temple rise" in his life time. And besides, it is no secret that he viewed with much dis favour the project of establishing a convalescent home with the funds to be collected. He fears that such an institution might prejudice the popularity of dear Ramsgate, and he is by no means sure that a convalescent home is a pressing want just now, and it is most certainly not the most pressing. I fancy, too, that he was averse to anything that might seem to rival, or might chance to injure the excellent convalescent home at Norwood, which was founded in memory of his beloved wife. Ho would, doubtless, have pre ferred a scheme for the more decently housing the London poor, and -thus assuaging the bitter cry of " Outcast London," or one which should benefit the land of his heart-the Holy Land. But he asks no testimonial, and he wants none-he is his own memorial. The Pall Mall Gazutie, in a leaderette on Tuesday, regrets the abandon ment of the scheme, and thinks that Sir Moses not only deserves some such recognition of his world-famed philanthropy, but that it were scandalous if such be not given him. Not all the influential Jews in London share this opinion, and none of them thought such a recognition necessary in the case of the Master of the Rolls. Jessel, M.R., will live in the text book of English Law as England's wisest judge, " a very Daniel come to judgment," and needs no memorial. Certainly the English Government was fully conscious of his worth, and Mr. Gladstone would have given Sir Charles Jessol a peerage, but that the fortune Sir George left (some £10,000 a year, five to his wife, and five between his children) was not sufficient to support that dignity. The Jewish community here has obtained a valuable acquisition in the library of the late Rev. Mr. Green. This has been deposited by Mrs. Green, his widow, and Mr. Michael Green, his eldest son, at the Jews' College in Tavistock House, Tavistock Square. How Dickens, whose house that used to be, would have rejoiced, could he have had the chance of seeing and reading some of the works in the collection 1 There are, indeed, many, both curious and rare, on which a novelistin search of a plot would eagerly pounce, and some of the greatest importance for Anglo-Jewish history. Among them, for instance, we find a hook dealing with the relations be tween the great Goldsmid family and the extraordinary thaumatur giBl-or prestidigitateur-the Baal fihem, Doctor Falk. This learned doctor seems to have had a most enviable reputation for supernatural ability, and the stories that are told of him remind us of the " Arabian Nights," or " Grimm's Fairy Tales," although it must be confessed that they are neither so tremendous as those of the former, nor so pretty as the latter. Picciotto, in his " Sketches .of Anglo-Jewish History," gives an amusing account of him. He tells UB that Falk was usually in funds, but, also, some times in absolute need, when he did not disdain to seek advances on his plate from a pawnbroker in Houndsditch. The bolts and bars of the pawnbroker's strong room were insufficient to confine there De Falk'e valuables, when he summoned them back to his own oloset, but he always honourably acquitted his debt. One day, Bhortly after having deposited some gold and Bilver vessels with the pawnbroker, the Kabbalist went to the shop in question, and, J laying down the duplicate with the sum advanced and exact in terest, he told the shopman not to trouble himself for the plate, as it was already in his possession. The incredulity with which this statement was received changed into absolute dismay when it was ascertained that De Falk's property had really disappeared, with out displacing any of the articles that had surrounded it. . . . Dr. De Falk was a frequent guest at, Aaron Goldsmid's table, One day, it is said, the Baal Shem was invited to call on one of Mr. Goldsmid's visitors, a gentleman dwelling in the Chapter House, in St Paul's Churchyard, to hold some conversation with Mm in a friendly manner on philosophical subjects. " When will you come ?" asked the gentleman. De Falk took from his pocket a small piece of candle, and, handing it to his new acquaintance, replied, " Light this, Bir, when you get home, and I shall be with you as soon as it goes out." Next morning the gentleman in ques tion lighted the piece of candle. He watched closely, expecting it to be consumed BOOH, and then to see De Falk. In vain. The taper, like the sepulchral lamps of old, burned all day and all night without the least diminution in its flame. He removed the magic candle into a closet, when he inspected it several times daily for the space of three weeks. One evening, at last, De Falk arrived in a hackney coach. The host had almost given up all hope of seeing De Falk, as the taper, shortly before his advent, was still burning as brightly as ever. As soon as mutual civilities were over, the master of the house hastened to look at the candle in the closet. It h id disappeared. When he returned he asked De Falk whether the agent that had removed the candle would bring back the candlestick. " Oh, yes," was the reply, " it is now in your kitchen below." And it was. Dr. Falk by his will appointed Mr. Aaron Goldsmid (Sir Julian's great great grandfather), Mr. George Goldsmid, and Mr. De Symons his executors, and left a legacy of j£G8 16S. 4d, to the Great Synagogue, Duke's Place, and an annual sum of £i 12s. to the Chief Rabbi for the time being, The poor ever considered Falk their benefactor and friend and counsellor in every emergency, The Central Synagogue elections will soon take place. Mr, Spero, whose sweetness of voice continues to charm, is sure of a permanent appointment as Chazan. The candidates for the post of preacher and minister are Rev. Mr. H. Gollancz and several students of Jews' College. Dr. Adler, whoso masterly defence against Professor Goldwin Smith's savage onslaught on the Jews, caused so great a sensation a year or two ago, has lately contributed an article on "The Syna gogue " to the Pall Mall Gazette, which, though written in no tone of boastful and exaggerated praise, will, like his articles in the Nineteenth Century, tend to the honour of J udaism in general and Anglo-Judaism in particular. The paper in question is number seven of a series of articles on " Centres of Spiritual Activity," which have been appearing weekly in the Pall Mall on a Thursday or Friday. evening, and itself appeared on the 4th inst. Dr. Adler states at the outset that he will not limit himself to a description of any one special Jewish place of wor ship, but will rather "give an account of the main characteristics which the London Synagogues share in common, and delineate tbe functions they arealike intended to fulfil." Dr. Adler describes the ritual on week days and on Sabbaths, and takes the oppor tunity of laying down the proposition that to us Jews. " Prayer is not only a divine service, but a practical service to ourselves, it being a self-preached sermoD, tending to a life of personal holiness and practical usefulness. This teaching is cot the outcome of, modern enlightenment. It represents the ancient Talmudic doctrine that Torah. the Btudy of the law, and Qcmilnth Chassadim-the dealing o£ loving kind ness-must be the indispensable accompaniments of Aboda, divine service." Then follow short accounts of Jews' College; the Jews' Free School; Working Men's Club and Lads' Institute, in Great Alie Street; Jews' Hospital and Orphan Asylum ; the Board of Deputies and Board of Guardians, which last institution spent £2,600, in 1882, the year of the Russo-Jewish troubles. With the exception of this article on " The Synagogue," there is again this month hardly anything of literary interest to com municate to your readers. Mrs. Henry Lucas has written a trans lation of Dr. Cassell's celebrated "Leitfaden der JUdischen Literatur."* This guide to our literature looks very readable in its English dress, notwithstanding its containing so much matter in so little space. But there are misprints and mistakes which, though, after all, of no great import, are yet sufficient to disfigure the book to some extent, as when Rag hi is described as Rabbi Solomon ben Jesus instead of ben Isaac. A t the same time, the little work is almost indispensable for those who take an interest in the subject and are unable to read the original German, for, unfortunately, England has produced no historian of Jewish literature of anything like merit equal to Dr. Cassell's. Mrs. Lucas iB a sister of Mr. Claude Montefiore and the late Mr. Leonard Montefiore-a clever daughter of a clever family. In music, our distinguished composers,Cowan and De Lara, are working harder than ever, and their work is more and more appreciated. We are to expect a new opera, by a Jewish composer, at no distant date. Our prima donna, M'lle Isidore, is, we are pleased to learn, much improved in her eyesight, which had been so seriously endangered. The community here has been considerably amused by the advent of a Jewish Dramatic and Operatic Company from Odessa. These have been acting in the International Theatre, High Holborn, since the 12th inst., in the curious Polish jargon commonly known as Jiidisch-Deutsch. They are under the direction of Messrs. S. Perkovitch and J. Goodman, and the stage managers are Jacob Adler and Moses Silberman. A description of one of their per formances will doubtless interest your readers. The Hebrew musical play entitled "The Sorceress," deserves, on the whole, to be called a musical Hebrew play. Abraham i3 a wealthy mer chant of Odessa, whose charming daughter, by his firsb wife, Mirele, is in love with and loved by Marcus, a well-to-do trades man. The scene opens in Abraham's garden, where Mirele's birthday is being celebrated, when their happiness is rudely dis turbed by the arrest of Abraham, who iB banished to Siberia on a trumped-up charge.-Act I. Her indulgent father no longer at home to protect her, poor Mirele is basely persecuted by her step mother, the shrewish Basse, Abraham's second wife. She lleea for help to the " villain" of the piece, Zachna, the Sorceress, whom she believes to be her friend, and begs her to counsel her how best to rescue her father. But Zachna betrays her trust, and beguiles her into her laboratory, where she keeps the helpless Mirele prisoner.-Act II. Marcus, broken-hearted at the inex plicable disappearance of his betrothed, also resorts to Zachna for advice, and the witch, by her enchantments, pretends to be able to show Marcus his beloved through a glass. But the mystic glass is really a window, and the pretended ghost is Mirele herself. Soon after Marcus leaven Z:ichna profoundly impressed by her supernatural powers, and the Sorceress is vile enough to sell Mirele to some Turks, by whom she is taken to Constantinople and forced to become a singing girl in a palatial Singing Divan in the city of mosque and minaret.-Act III. Marcus chivalrously-for love can make even a Russian Jew chivalrous-determines to search for his beloved throughout the world. He comes to Constanti nople and to the Divan, discovers Mirele, and succeeds in rescuing her.-Act IY. Marcus and Mirele return home, and are to cele brate their. Minn Chassne in Abraham's house. But Zachna and Basse, enraged that their fell machinations have been so un successful, attempt to poison Marcus and IVlirele, and the guests, but fail. Zaclma finally fires the house in which they are, but only succeeds in burning herself. The arch mischief-maker dead, they all, of coui-se, live happily ever after.-Act Y. Some of thescenes in the play are very interestingandclinracteris tic. In Act II. we get a street of Russia on a market day, a butcher sings a very funny song in praise of his wares, declaring them to bo all of the best Shechita, ntoTiu>. In Act IV there is a good deal o£ comic business; in the Turkish " palace" Marcus meets a friend of his, Hozmach, a pedlar, who drinks glass after glass of brandy to his good health, crying out each time, " Lecha'im, Reb Mordeche." Some of the tunes in the piece remind us of our old melodies, like 'lla Mavdil' All the dramatis pcrsonco sing their songs in the minor key, thus giving a plaintive and rather pretty effect. The acting can hardly be praised, it is a little monotonous and childish, but the actors did their best, and the audience which was almost exclusively Judaic-was evidently delighted. There was nothing coarse or objectionable in the whole perform ance. The best of the actors were Herr Chaimovitch, who enacted the Pedlar, Madame A dler, who was Basse, and Herr Friedman, who was Zachna. The Adlers, who took so prominent a part in the programme, are not, we believe, in any way connected with the family of the Chief Rabbi. PELONI. 