FROM DAWN TO SUNSET. A STORY IN THREE PARTS. By Alaster Graeme. PART I. — DAWN. CHAPTER THE SECOND. One afternoon Deborah was playing by the lodge-gates with little Margaret Dinnage, the bailiffs child, when a tall gipsy woman strode to the gate and looked through.- Meg ran iway witb a scream 01 terror, but lJaboran stood and stared up at the gipsy. . She was a tall woman, dressed in faded red, mrilh a yellow and scarlet shawl tied over her liead ; long glittering ring in her ears, and black, black eyes. Deborah never in all her life forgot that woman looking through the jate ? the vision was livened on her childish memory. ' ? ? ? ? ' Come to me, pretty one,' said the woman, tossing her head backwards ; then imperiously; 'Come!' 4 Where?' asked Deborah. 'Over yonder — to the camp. We want a pretty tine like thee. I am gettin' old, child, in' I want you to came and run errands an' tell the fortunes o' the qual'ty.' * I am the quality,' said Deborah cravely- = * You !' retorted the gipsy, with sudden and savage scorn. * You are o* the scum o' the lirth !' Then in a moment the wild passion passed, she resumed her half-coaling, half imperative manner :' Come, come, .pretty love?' Deborah had been half .startled ;. now she knew not what'to make of the gipsy woman. Did the gipsy like her, and wish' to be kind *? Deborah had never moved her large wonder ing eyes from the gipsy's face. * I will not come,' she said, * without Charlie.' 'Well, fetch Charlie, quick!' answered the gipsy with intense eagerness, and stoojnnc lorwar.l to whisper the words Deborah drew back ; something within her rebelled ; the woman was too imperious and too hold. ?? ?? 1 Charlie wiil not come,' she answered ; * he hates gipsies.' * Then thou shalt come alone.' Quick as thought the long arm was thrust through the lialf- open gate and the iron hand around Deborah's waist, as if to draw her out, when Deborah cried at the top of her voice : 'Jordan, Jordan, Jordan '.' aa old man in a red waist coat and his shirt sleeves came 'running round the lodge from the wood, and at the same moment the gipsy woman, jwshing Deborah violently backwards, darted away. Deborah was thrown on the back of her head ; she got' up at once, and stood looking up at old Jor dan in silence, with her hand at the back of her head. * She hath hurt thee, the jade !* said the old man indignant. * What has she been a-sayin' and a-doin' to ihee. ?' Delrarah gized at her fingers; there was blood on them ; she raised her clear gray eyes to Jordan's face. * Why, she hath cut thy head open,- niy lassie, and badly too ! I know them cussed gipsies ! Spiteful demons ! See ye never meddle with them agen. This comes on it.: And assuming a scolding lone, the old man took Deborah's hand and hurried her angrily i ito the lodge. He was frightened, very piti ful ani very angry, all in one; now he coaxed, now he threatened. * Let me bind' up thy broken head, my lassie, it is broken badly. But thou'rt a brave little lady ! This comas o' meddlin' ; thou'rt all too inquisitive by half. Leave them gipsies alone ; or sure as thou'rt alive, I'll lell the master. Now then, thou'rt a brave little lady. Doth it pain thee, Lad}' D-!»?' He stooped to peer anxiously, with his old gray eyes into his little mistresse's face. Deborah was sitting on a high chair in the middle of the table, looking very white, arid, grave.' ; I* I should think it doth,' she said ; you are a gaby to ask it, Jordan Dinnage. Finish to tie my head ; and see that you do not tell father who cast me down.' she added with dignity The little Margaret was standing below, gazing upward at the operation iu affright, with her round eyes and mouth wide open. * TeU thy falhir ! retorted old Jordan with supreme disdain as he finished his surgery. * Why, he would barn the camp and all the varmin in it for this. Fine tioies ihere'd be for Enderby withth;:n revengeful cots. They'd be burniu' Enderby. Where wouldst thou be then ?' ' . . ' In the flames. Master Dinnage,' said Da borah coolly. Old Jordan Dinnage .laughed loud and long. * Thou art a little bald wench !' he said ; then turning to his little daughter, added with mock gravity : ' Mistress Dinnage, well mayst thoL. gipe and stare. Thy young misliess will be the death o~ me ; for doutia* aa' far scorn, 1 never knew'd her equal.' ' The little maiden went quietly home rather, proud of her bandaged head than not ; and 'the . sight 'was so little novel to Dame Marjory's eyes, that well as she loved the child, she scarcely asked a question. That night De borah tossed in her little hed but could not sleep. The pain in her head she heeded not ; her wild fitful fancy was conjuring up the gipsy camp. A hundred tall figures went trooping by, all with yellow and scarlet shawls tied over their heads ; and tall men with black eyes, and little children, little boy.s with beautiful black eyes and curly hair. Dags were lying about, and great puts full of meat were slung on poles over tiros, and the red watch-fires blazed over al!. She fancied all thee men, women, and children came and kneeled to her, and said she wja their queen. O.ie little boy, more beautiful than the r^st, said he was destined for the king, and she should be his wife. Then they hung about, her. necklets and bracelets, and set a crown upon her head, .and the little maiden saw herself queen of the gipsies. De borah laved power, and knew the power of beauty. She fancied herself dancing, before the gipsjes, ia the light of fires, in a' glitter and tolaze of beauty. ' On ths.other side' of the . room slept- Dame Marjory: she was snoring loudly. Deborah,, hot and excited, sat up uad gazed round ;_she could not rest. She started up artd sped like a little ghost into the next room, to Charlie's, bedside ; she seized his arm and shook' it : ' Charlie. Charlie !' The boy gave a cross snort. ' Charlie art well awake ? I have somewhat- to tell, love. The gypsy camp is out on the fen' an' t ?-morrow I am going to visit them ! You' will come too Charlie, for there, be dogs an' horses in plenty. An' mayhap you will he made the king. I mean to be the queen : for the gipsy woman has Iwan to the gate, this afternoon: an1 invited me to gi en' bring you along.' Cnarlie stared in the dim light, well awake then, yet very cross. ' Vau i You are always ' bringin' me along,' forgettin' yon are the youngest by two years. You are very wise an' grand. I am not so fond o' gipsy folk ; they are sneaks and c-wards.* 'Nay ; they are not ! If you are afeard, I'll go alone ; an' I'll ride on the vans from one end o' the world to the other. So goad-e'en.' ? 'Stay*' cried the boy. 'You say. I am afeared. Then Yon know it is a He ! A Fleming never knew fear. So father tells you. Dost say I am afeared ?' But Deborah , feeling the grasp of his hand on her arm. cried : Nay nay ; you are not afeared ! Belike you are wise, an' that is why Bat I will go alone.' ' Nay ; that you shall not !' cried the hoy, glad to see a way to change. * Why, they would kill you', he said, with an air of superior wisdom and scorn. * If you will go, I go too. I will take my big stick, an' (say not a word) a knife under my clothes, for the gipsy folk be sly as foxes, an' in oae minute might slick you through. I must be fdty'arnjtedi' ' * Au' so ra.ast-I,'-qaath.I)ibora]k . ' Yoa !' said the bay in load derisron ; *'yoni ire a girl; though I ne'er knewv»he like- for tomboyin'. Run to bed ; an* we »*3t see what to-morrow brings.' 