A CHAT ABOUT FREEMASONRY. (Daily News, 8th May.) A great Masonic function will take place at Peterborough next Wednesday, over which Lord Carnarvon, as Pro. Grand Master, will pre side. He will be supported by men of social and other distinction, including persons as ari-. ously representative as the Bishop of Peter borough, Lord John Manners, and Mr. W. E. Forster. These nnmes suggest a smile at the terms and purport of the Pope's recent encycli cal against Freemasonry. The Pope probuhly knows his own business best. We may pre sume that he thinks he tins some reason for those " great curses that he spoke." To us in Eng land this traditional animosity appears scarcely worthy of the Holy Catholic Church, Roman and Apostolic. There is plenty of bigger game in the way of wickedness going on than the oc casional noisiness of Freemasons on the home- word path. We do not find that Freemasons in the ordinary paths of life are desperate, secret, and revengeful. The Freemason, as the Pope beholds liiin in his mind's eye, probably wears a brigand's bat, a visor, a sealskin coat with all the pockets full of dynamite, and a dagger con cealed about his person. The eye of infallibi lity knows that the soiigs of the Apollo Lodge are charged with treason and atheism, and that the Deputy Grand is the hidden enemy of the Roeietv. Like the seroent in a drama of M. Scribe's, 1 he proudly advances, en rampant, ' a passage which Scribe appears to have borrowed from a passage in which Pindar says that three serpents crawled agniust a city, and one of them, with a cry, leaped over the wall. The ideal Freemason of the Pope has all the crawl ing subtlety, combined with all the daring and agility possessed by the serpents of these illus trious poets, Pindar and M. Scribe. At home anyone may be a Freemason, from ' Britain's pride and G&mbria;'a hope ' (as an old writer fondly designates an illustrious personage), to the unambitious grocer, the conscientious plum her, and the artistic thougli dilatory bookbinder. It is not even a " fast ' tiling in England to be a Freemason, The secret orgies of the craft (which the Pope probably thinks resemble the banquets of Gillies de Rutz) are not really dis hevelled. Children are not tortured with an ac companiment of music by Offenbach, and canni balism on those occasions is quite obsolete. Tho lodges of British Freemasonry are the abodes of the social virtues, a benevolent kind of brotherly feeling prevails, and sends round 'tiie hat in favour of brethren distressed. In Italy, doubt less, Masonry is not the same tiling as our harm less secret friendly society. Anything secret in Italy is traditionally -detested by persons in power. A secret society of the most innocent appearance migiit be the cloak of Carhonri or other political conspirators. The Church, like Lord Beacon8fieid, believes in secret societies, believes and trembles. The Freemasons are a secret society, therefore, argues the Pontiff, it is about time to give them their accustomed little encyclical. We shall not attempt to unravel the secret history of the Masonic past. It is orthodox to believe that Freemasons descend from a Sido- nian Guild, organised about the time of the building of Solomon's temple. A more distant source may be sought in the erection of the Tower of Babel. The mediiBval companies of Masons, the builders of the famous minsters, also appear among tiie fathers of the craft. Now, there is little doubt that all these builders had their own secrets. We still speak of the 1 art and mystery ' of any handicraft. The word mystery is probably a corruption of the word maisterie, or mastery ; but the chauge is signi ficant. In times past all arts were shrouded in mystery. The trades unionism of the time had no better way of keeping the secrets of the trade to themselves. Consider the state of the first man who learned how to work iron. Ho had a secret of immense value which he; could not possibly patent owing to the absence of the patent laws at that early period. He and those with whom he went partners would there fore devise rude contemporary substitutes for patent laws. They would work a forge as secretly as a secret still in the Highlands. They would set about appalling tales of spirital work men, gnomes, and kobolds, Telchines, and the Cabiri. When a new partner was taken into the business he would be sworn to keep the process dark '.by the most awful oaths then invented. Probably ho would be made to face ordeals of a sort appalling to persons who did not know any better. We see all this parade of mystery and much mummery of magic and religion still active, for example, in South America. When the tribal sorcerer is preparing ourali or curari, the arrow poison, he surrounds himself with all the mystic terrors at his disposal. No doubt Masons once had mysteries of their own, like other crafts. More than other crofts, perhaps, they needed mystery. In their trade human sacrifice was practised leng after it had else where disappeared. It was usual, in many lands, to build up a living human being in the walls of a new house, or to slay a child, and bury him beneath the threshold. The idea was that the ghost of the dead would guArd the building, as it is still supposed to do in Rou- tnania. Skeletons found within the walls of very ancient structures bear uncanny witness to the wide diffusion of this subject. Clearly a trade which had such arts needed a good deal of my8tery.Mystery the early Masons doubtless possessed, thongh we are as far as possible from hinting that any such dark knowledge is in herited by modern Freemasons. 'In my opinion,' says Socrates, ' they who es tablished tho mysteries, whoever they were, knew much of human nature.' Socrates, like Angelica in the ' Rose and the Ring,' was ' al ways right.' The people who established the mysteries knew a great deal of human nature. Freemasonry gratifies the natural human love of having and keeping a secret. You cannot watch children at play for on hour but you will see three or four of them conspiring in a corner. They come out looking ' arcane ' (Thomas Tay lor, the Platonist, is responsible for the word), and satisfied, as if they had some deep esoteric knowledge to themselves. The other children observe this, and are maddened by curiosity and envy. Then tho little ones who first clubbed together say, ' We have a secret,' and bear themselves proudly. This childish delight in a secret is at the bottom of all mysteries and Masonries. How many men, from Arnorius and Clemens to Grouser and Lobeck, have dashed their intellects against the mvBleries of ancient Greece, trying to penetrate their arcana 1 How numerous are they who have tried to unriddle the Bpell of Konxompax, and asked what was in tiie sacred ark, or what the meaning of the mys tic cakes ! Lobeck came pretty near hitting on the great secret — that there was not any secret at all. He revealed tho probability that there was next to nothing to conceal. He more than anticipated, what Maury has perhaps seen more clearly, the discovery that the Greek mysteries were the relics of savage mummeries, meaning less, cruel, obscene. When the initiate of Diony sus waved Berpents about their heads, they did what Red Indians do, only they used tame, fang- less reptiles, not rattlesnakes. When the Spar tans scourged boys before the face of Artemis Orthia they did what Apaches do, and Kaffirs, and Australian blacks. When tho Greeks whirled little slats of wood in their mysteries to make a roaring noise, and warn away the profane, they acted as Maoris act, and Zunis, Kamilaroi, and Kurnai. The mother of HSschines, liko any old negro woman or American squaw, daubed the initiative over with white clay. All these things are part of the famed mysteries of Greece, and part of the mysteries of the rudest barbarians. No noble secret was concealed or revealed in the original form of these rites, but the age of full manhood or womanhood was consecrated, or the adventureB of some foolish deity were acted in a mystery play. Doubtless, later Greece, about the time of Pindar, lent something of her own nobility to the ceremonies of the Elensinia. But, in the beginning, the mysteries concealed nothing worth knowing. 