Berlin’s “White Lady.” A despatcli says that in the old and im mense royal castle of Berlin the “ white lady,” the ghost of the Hohenzollern family, has made her re-appearance, and that the in habitants of Berlin are excited over it. One who is familiar with the habits of Berlin society circles says that the superstitious in habitants of that capital city cling still with great perseverance to the old tradition of the ghostly “white lady,” who from time to time resumes her wanderings through the corridors of the old castle, prophesying birth or death in the Hohenzollern family. The genuine Berliner will not abandon his faith in this saying, as little as his attachment may he to the imperial family, his religious belief, or his love for the white beer (kuhle blonde.) The writer had in the year 1864-71 entered the castle almost daily visiting a school friend. The part of the castle in which the “ white lady” is said to appear is the oldest, while in the new parts of it she has never been seen. The old part, situated towards the river Spree, with its towers, its marble halls, its labyrinth of corridors and stairs, with its ancient rooms and oddly shaped windows, and with its locked overgrown courts, is calculated to create the belief in mysterious castle legends. It is occupied by aged court ladies and other pensioned court servants. Here also lived the mother of the above-mentioned school friend of the writer. She was a widow von W-g, who had the position as preserver of the royal gold and silver ware. She created an impression of being a trustworthy and truthful lady. She insisted on seeing the “ white lady,” several times in the year 1860, previous to the death of the King Frederick William IV. of Prussia. In 1840 the rumour was spread that the “ white lady” had suddenly appeared shortly before King Frederick William III. died. The excitement was so great among the Ber liners that an order was given to the soldiers on guard in the castle that, on the re-appear ~i *■ :r n stand when 