MEETING OF MINISTERS OF RELIGION. BIBLE-READING IN STATE SCHOOLS. On Wednesday morning a representative meeting of ministers of religion convened by the Bishop of Adelaide, was held in the Church Diocesan Office, Adelaide, for the purpose of considering the question of Biblereading in State schools. The Bishop presided, and there were present—Dean Russell, Archdeacon Farr, Canons Green, Andrews, and F. S. Poole, the Revs, J. Lyall. James Bickford, R. 6. Casely, T. Lloya, J. Yonng Simpson, D. Pato™. J. B. Stephenson, H. T. Burgess, R. Kelly, J. C. McMicbael, E. Rorke, H. D. Smith. A. W. Webb, J. Colborne, H. Hussey, E. Masterman, W. J. Moore, J. McEwin, J. Hannah, F. Williams, S. Mead, J. Tresise, W. Diment, and W. R. Hiddlestone. BIBLE-EEADING IS STATE SCHOOLS. The BISHOP said that in bringing this subject before the meeting he wished first of all to say a few words upon their right to meet together to discuss what common action, if any, it was desirable they should take in regard to the question of education. They heard much eaid the other day, and they EI : haVg rfeid & peculiarly interesting expansion of the views which were promul gated at their meeting in a newspaper which appeared on the following day. He could not help thinking that if they had a right to meet together at all—and he would grant that that was open to Question—(laughter)—then surely "of all subjects they had most right to meet on was anything concerning the education of the young. He questioned whether they would find aryoody of men belonging to any one vocation of whom so many had token an interest and a practical share in educational work as had ministers of leligion; and thet-efore for that reason alone it seemed to him that they had a rfeht to meet together and to discuEB any Bill relating to education which might be brought before the colony. Then when they remembered that all of them were in some form or other working under the command given by our fclessedLon', " Feed my lambs, he dia not think that they could remain indifferent to the character of the intellectual food which was supplied to the young ones who belonged to their flocks. (Hear, hear.) Then, secondly, exception had been taken to his calling a private meeting; but whether this was right or wrong he took the blame of it. Tffa object was to ascertain if common action were possible, and he would have Btultified himself had he assented to the admission of reporters. As soon as the meeting was over he drew up a series of resolutions and sent them to the newspapers. Turmng to the subject of the day, he asked what other course could be proposed With reference to religious teaching in State schools than was embodied in the resolutions which had been published. As to the existing recognition of religion by the State, he simply said that he would rather not have u Noth ing appeared to him so dangerous as for a school system to seem to relieve parents of responsibility without adequate provision for the discharge of that responsibility by the school. Tbev were not dealing with what was done outside school hours. That was beside the mark. It was not for the Government or for any Act of Parliament to say what should be done in regard to religious teaching outside school hours. They were in a free country where there was no State Church, and they did not expect that the Government would have anything to say on a subject like this. But the Government was responsible for the teaching that was given during school hours. In considering this question he had looked around to see what else was possible. He dared say some of them had read a letter which was written by Archdeacon I)ove. Some of them might say it .."would be possible to encourage a system of education in which the Government should make a grant for those scholars •who passed the Inspector's examination in secular work, leaving the entire management of the religious instruction as well as the entire management of the school to those v.-ho built and who carried on the school. There were many persons to whom such a course as that would present strong attraction. They had it in England, where it was known as the denominational system. There was uo doubt that if widely established the denominational system might be said in a certain sense to get rid of the religions difficulty. But he had two questions to ask about it— first, could the system possibly work ? and, secondly, would the colony for a moment stand it? (Hear, hear.) First, to his mind it could not work. They must remember with what admirable care the Goverment had planted State schools everywhere. If they wanted to establish a denominational system of education they must provide their buildings, thfeir teaching 6taS, and their furniture, which the Government Inspector must be able to report upon as being efficient. They would have at the same time to oompete with the State schools and the Government teachers. He dared not reckon the cost of the erection or the maintenance of the Bchools if they were to cover the whole ground, but he believed the result would be that in a few favoured places religious teaching would be given to the full satisfaction of the denomination which built the school, whilst elsewhere, because the denominational system had been adopted, no other kind of religions teaching would be provided or sanctioned. And, secondly, the colony would not stand it. The eloquent speech which Mr. Cox made on Friday last against the system he had ventured to embody in his resolution he could not help thinking was a speech addressed to the ghost of denominational education. His arguments certainly did not apply to the state of things they desired to introduce. Theydidnot ask for any scheme of public taxation which would make a taxpayer contribute to the maintenance of another man's priest Therefore he turned to the so-called undenominational system; and he would like to say about this that he did not like the word ' undenominational." The word " undenominational" seemed to his mind to mean the least common multiple of religion which they could possibly find, whereas what they really did want was a denominational system which -should not proselytize, but which would give them the greatest common measure of religion on which they could agree. He turned to the undenominational system, not because it was what he liked best, but because it was the best attainable for the colony. By supporting it he did . not deny himself the right, nor did he deny to any gentlemen who supported that system the right to found schools according to the requirements of their own denominations if they had the money to do it. But he did repudiate strongly the suggestion made in a newspaper that day, that by the action he was taking he was trying to get in the thin edge of the wedge. He did Bay that that was a very i unfair insinuation. He did not deny that ft he saw his way to establish Church of England schools he would do it directly, but he wanted religious teaching for the whole of the colony, and he would approve of that system which would work the greatest amount of good amongst the greatest number—(Hear, hear)—that was what he wanted, and was most anxious to have. His full belief was that the majority of the people of this colony, nay, the majority of Englishspeaking people throughout the world, desired religious education for their children. AB regarded South Australia, the fact might be deduced from the result of the poll that was taken. Somepeople, however, took exception to that poll; ana he would therefore ask them to extend their enquiry to the whole of the Australian Colonies. He fproduced a tabular statement, from which he argued that the prevailing feeling throughout the Australian Colonies was in favour of religiouB instruction in schools. He then referred to America and Upper and Lower Canada, and eaid he had before him the most able report on primary education which had ever come from the pen of any one man. He meant the report on the schools of those countries by the Rev. James Fraser, who had since baoome the Bishop of Manchester. In that report he read concerning America:—" It is true that everywhere under the system provision is made for reading the Bible, and almost everywhere provision is made for opening the wow of the day with prayer." Mr. Fraser did not entirely approve of the character of the religious teaching given$n America. Still, the fact remained that it was given, and that what Mr. Fraser said still held good he (the speaker) gathered from a speech made two or three years ago by an eminent statesman in New Zealand. In Upper and Lower Canada there was provision made in the common schools, and in what was known as the separate school system for religious instruction. He next alluded to England, and Baid that in England two great systems existed side by side, namely, the voluntary or denominational system, and the Bosrd school system. In 1882 the Board schools gave accommodation for 1,298,746 children, and the voluntary schools for 3,239,574, while the numbers on the registers were 1,305,362 and 2,884,250 respectively. The denominational schools were not going back as might have been expected; and he would call their attention to this circumstance, that the increase on the average attendance of the preceding year in Church of England schools was, in 1881 19,000, and in 1882 48,000. The denominational system was expressly established to give religious instruction : and he thought the figures he had given proved that the people of England wanted such instruction. Seeing that the population of this colony was recruited to so large an extent from England, and seeing that the majority of the people in England and the Australian Colonies were in favour of religious instruction in schools, he did think they would not be doing right if they did not endeavour to devise some plan for religious ins traction which would be acceptable to the people of this colony. The right rev. gentleman then referred seriatim to the resolutions he had drawn up. He said he did not think he need say anything about the firstand second resolutions, unless it were to add that they would never get children to attend religious instruction given outside schoolhours. There were difficulties in regard to the distance to travel, the home requirements, the strong attraction of the playground, and the dislike in the child's mind to appear to be religious when there was any disposition on the part of school-fellows to make light of it. The third resolution said that " such Bibleteaching should not be of a denominational character." What he distinctly .wished to avoid was the idea that there would be any proselytizing by particular denominations ; and he thought this resolution would serve that purpose. The fourth resolution was about the conscience clause; and he asked them to ob&erve; that he had not there specified who it was that should give the religious instruction, He did not see why the master or mistress should not give that instruction; but the resolution did not bind them down to that. Some persons thought that a difficulty would arise owing to teachers being required to give instruction that was contrary to their conscience. Knowing that Bishop Barry had sat for several years on the London School Board he 'took ithe opportunity of asking him when he was here the other day if he had fonnd that any difficulty of that kind was experienced. He replied, "Certainly not. It is true the teachers begin their work with the knowledge thatthey are expected to give religious instruction in accordance with the regulations of the Board ; but you will find that the difficulty is one which solvitur amlndahdo." And he (the speaker) must say he thoroughly endorsed those sentiments. As to the children who did not attend the instruction given, there would be no necessity for them to stand outside shivering in the cold; they could remain in the school, acd go on with their regular studies under the care of what might be an assistant. But he honestly did not thinkthat they would find that, with the exception of Catholics and Jews, any parents would object to religious instruction. He had seen children of many different denominations receiving religious insiructiou together: and he found that under the London {School Board children were never withdrawn although the School Board system was in opposition to the denominational school Bystem and was supported by persons who were supposed to object to the introduction of religion into day-schools. The fifth recolution was to the effect that the Biblereading and teaching should be the same in character as under the London School Board, which had provided for instruction in eelecied passages of Holy Scripture. The regulation of the London School Board on the subject was as follows, viz.:—"In the schools provided by the Board the Bible shall be read, and there shall be given such explanations and such instruction therefrom in the principles of morality and religion as are suited to the capacities of the children, provided always that in such explanations and instruction "the provisions of the Act in sections VIL and XIV. be strictly observed both in letter and spirit, and that no attempt be made to attach children to auy particular derominatiou. During the time of religious teaching or observance aqy children withdrawn from such teaching or observance shall receive separate instruction on secular subjects." "A syllabus of subjects of Bible instruction for one month in advance must be prepared by the teacher and forwarded to the Clerk of the Board at the beginning of each month." The sections of the Act referred to were as follows II. "L It shall not be required as a condition of any child being admitted into or continuing in the school that he shall attend or abstain from attending any Sundaysshool or any place of relieious worship, or that he shall attend any religious observance or any instruction in religious subjects in the school or elsewhere from which observance or instruction he may be withdrawn bv his parent, or that he shall, if withdrawn by his parent, attend the school on any day exclusively set apart for religious observance by the religious body to which his parent belongs. 2\. The time or times during which any religious observance is practised or instruction in religions subjects is given at any meeting of the school shall be either at the beginning or at the end or-at the beginning and at the end of such meeting; and any seholar may be withdrawn by his parent from such observance or instruction without forfeiting any of the 'other benefits of the schools," &c.; XIX. "No religious catechiBm. OT religious formality which _ is distinctive of any particular denomination shall be taught in the school," &c.; The BISHOP, continuing, said he had tried to express as well as he could what he felt about this matter. He earnestly hoped that they might be able to unite together in some attempt to give a religious character to the teaching of our young. He knew of no easier way of bringing this about than by the adoption of the principles embodied in the resolutions he had placed before them. He therefore recommended, them to the meeting, and he trusted that Buch influence as they might happen to possess might be utilized in spreading the same principles which they themselves held with many others, and that, with God's blessing, they might get HIB holy Name reverenced and feared in the State schools of the colony. (Applause.) The rev. gentleman then moved the first resolution as follows !—*' That no system of instruction in our State schools is regarded by ns as sufficient which does not include Bible reading and teaching." The Rev. H. T. BUBGESS seconded the motion. The Rev. D. PATON moved as an amendment—*' That no system of education can be regarded by us as sufficient which does not include Bible teaching or religious instruction, but that it is no part of the duty of the State to make provision for that." He eaid they must distinguish between Biblereading and Bible-teaching, which were not at all equivalent or commensurate. The questions ought to be kept separate. Something was to De said for the one which could not be said for the other. Whether the State ought to make provision for Bible-reading was a proposition which ought to be considered on its own merits. His reasons for moving the amendment were—First, because if the State, as such, medd led with the religious convictions of its subject in any manner whatever, either in the way of prohibition or enforcementjit exoeeded its own proper functions. What was the State? Every component member of the body politic represented by the Legislature and the Government of the-time being.S What were its functions? To provide security for person and property, to administer law and justice, to control and adjust the financialaffairs of the oountry, to regulate, in one word, all its domestic and foreign policy as a political institution or a social organisation. If it took sides for or against any of the religious parties or factions that prevailed it usurped an authority not its own. His second reason "was that if it was the duty of the State to provide the minimum it was no less its duty to provide the maximum of religious teaching — if in small, then in large doses; if for the young, then for the old; in fine, for the whole community. That was, in other words, to build, establish, and support Churches and such-like institutions. His third reason was that if provision was made out of the oomrron public exchequer for fulfilling the wishes of nine-tenths of the community provision should also be made from the same source for meeting the desire of the other tenth, otherwise under the guise of religion a serious political injustice would be perpetrated, and the consciences of not a few good and honest men violated in the act besides. His fourth reason was that any proposition of that sort seemed to proceed upon a misapprehension in regard to religion —in regard, that was, to the communication or awaking of a truly religious spirit. How should men if not themselves religious succeed in making others, young or old, religious? Was it not strange that indiscriminate religious teaching, as it was called, should be advocated in an assembly of men who professed to believe in conversion as a necessary prerequisite to all genuine religious precept or example ? To supply human beings with the husks of religion would never make them religious. What was required was men whose souls were imbued with religion, and these could not be manufactured by prooesses either of public agitation or legislative enactment. Rev. F. W. Cox seconded the amendment, which he said was exactly in harmony with his own feelings. He was impressed with the last argument used by Mr. Paton, and he did think that religious truth could not be inculcated by the mere reading of a book, however excellent and valuable tnat book might be. He contended that the State had its duties which were limited^ and that it should not go beyond those duties. It was not the duty of the State to teach religion; and he did not think any good results would accrue from the adoption of what in effect was a system of public denominational education. Difficulties would ensue, and antagonisms would be .created between the different religious bodies which would be injurious to the cause of Christianity. He loved the Bible as much as any man, but if the reading of the Bible in State schools would be an occasion of vexation and strife he would have it excluded. And under similar circumstanoes he would, to use an illustration that was not his own, exclude Shakspeare. _ Rev. A. W. WEBB supported the resolution, because he considered it was the duty of the State to afford instruction in ethics, and the Bible was the book from which such instruction should be derived. He would be satisfied with the system adopted in New South Wales, where the Irish School Lessons were employed. _ In Sydney he was accustomed for many [years to visit the principal schools weekly and to give instruction to children, of his own denomination. The system worked so admirably that Sir Henry Parkes, in advocating a system of religious instruction, had stood by this system. It was now universally adopted in the colony,} and the denominational system had gradually given place to a public school system in which the Irish School Lessons were used to impart religion, and ministers of religion were allowed to visit the schools and to give such dogmatic teaching as they thought necessary to the children of their own denomination. Rev. THOMAS LLOYD expressed his approval of the resolution, and contended that the present system of education, which made no provision for religious instruction, was unsatisfactory to the people of the colony, and ought to be revised. It was said it was not the duty of the State to teach religion ; but the State did teach religion now, inasmuch as whenever a person was convicted to the Stockade a Bible-reader was sent to him. They waited till the evil was done, and then sought to apply the remedy. (Applause.) Tcan RUSSELL said he was a radical to the ' centre of his nature, but he- did not consider it belonged to true liberalism or to true radicalism to treat with brutal contempt the reasonable desire of the parents of children who wished to see a good system of education established amongst us. It was with nothing else than brutal contempt that their reasonable wishes had up to tne present time been treated. He rose to support the resolution, and to state the grounds of his objection to the amendment. Mr. Matthew Arnold had said that the larger portion of life consisted of conduct. If that were so he thought that he might affirm that it was the duty of those who were entrusted with the education of the young to devote their attention especially to conduct, and to give the children such instruction as would enable them by-and-by to be good citizens. Was it in the function of the State to address itself to education at - all ? _ That question had been determined, and if there arose certain difficulties as to the extent to which moral and leligious training should go, it was not for the State to refuse to face the responsibility. He thought religious instruction should be given, and his knowledge of the colony led him to the belief that the number of teachers or parents who would raise any objection to the arrangement would be infinitesimally small. He had established in connection with his own Church a school which was attended by 200 children. Three thousand children had passed through that school, and although he had taught the Apostle's Creed and the Ten Commandments, there had only been one instance in which any objection had been raised by a parent to the instruction imparted. He did not know who would compose the new Parliament, but his prayer was that some men would get into the House who would have a true sense of the deep moral responsibility resting upon them with regard to this question. _ Canon GEEEK argued that the State had a right to deal with religious questions. He did not look on the" State as merely the representative of public opinion. He could not help remembering some of the words of Scripture—"It is by One kings reign and princes decree justice." And whether rightly or wrongly he looked on the State as the representative of the Supreme Governor of Heaven. He thought, therefore, that the State had a perfect right, and ought, in the - exercise of its divine functions, to treat any subjects which—and he said it with reverence —the great God himself would teach if He were here. There could be no subject more dear to the heart pf our Lord, who gave the commission " Feed my lambs' than that of the education ot the young; and the State was bound to deal with this subject, and failed in its duty if it did not do so. Some men doubted whether there had been a Divine Providence guiding the forming of Governments in this colony. When he renounced the Devil and all his works, he put foremost amongst his works the present Education Act. (Laughter.) The Rev. R. S. CASELY supported the amendment, and contended that the resolution meant State aid to religion. Those who wanted religious instruction could_ pet it now outside school-hours, and in his opinion the eight thousand signatures to the poll that had been taken were not worth the paper they were written upon. The Rev. J. BICKFOKD said he had intended moving as an amendment that the word "teaching" be omitted from the resolution. _He did not go so far as Mr. Paton, but when the resolutions were altered he would have to vote for his proposition. The amendment was then submitted to the meeting, and was negatived, six voting for, and twenty-three, including the Chairman, against. The Rev. JAMES LYALE moved as a second amendment—*• That, as the Bible has exerted a powerful influence upon our modern Civilization, and is an integral portion of the literature of the world $ and as no other department of literature is excluded by Statute from the State schools, this meetmg is of opinion that the Education Department ought to make provision for the reading aa a part of the work of the Bchool of selected portions; such selected portions to be read simply as literature without dogmatic teaching of any kind." Rev. J. Y. SIMPSON seconded this amendment, which was strongly opposed by Canon GREEN, who said he would rather the Bible were not read at all than that it were read simply as a work of literature. The Rev. J. BKJETOBD sympathized with the remarks of Canon Green. The amendment was lost by twenty- three rotes to six, and the original motion was then submitted and carried, twenty-one voting for and seven against. The BISHOP moved the next resolution— " That it is essential that such Bible reading and teaching shall be given during school hours." The Rev. H. T. BUBGESS seconded this motion, and commented on the ignorance that existed amongst children in regard to the Scriptures, The head teacher if a large school told him that not one in fifteen of his scholars knew the Ten Commandments. The Rev. J. BICKFOED moved as an amendment—" That, as Bible reading and teaching by the master or head teacher cannot be appropriately observed during the ordinary routine of school work without Beriously interfering with the due order and efficiency of the daily exercises of the school, this meeting is of opinion that the only available time for such religious exercises as Bible reading and teaching should be provided before the nour appointed for oommencing ordinary schoolwork, but that in every instance it shall be optional with the master or head teacher to give Bible reading and teaching to the school: and, further, that it shall be also optional with the parents to permit their children to attend such exercises or not." This amendment was not seconded, and the resolution was carried with only one dissentient. The BISHOP moved the third resolution— " That such Bible teaching shall not be of a denominational character. The Rev. T. LLOXD seconded this motion. Rev. J. B. STEPHENSON moved as an addition to the resolution that such religious teaching " shall be given only by appointed teachers of the school." Dean RUSSELL seconded this motion, which was supported by the Rev. H. T. BUBGESS and theliev. F. WILLIAMS (Head Master of St. Peter's College). The latter said be thonght the public were apprehensive that the power to give religious instruction would be used as a means of proselytizing. The adoption of this addition to the resolution ffould tend to remove that impression. Rev. SILAS MEAD suggested the addition should take the following form:—" And shall be given by the ordinary teacher, or it the the teacher conscientiously objects thereto, then by such other person as is approved by the Education Department." Rev. J. B. STEPHENSON accepted this as a substttue for his proposal; and the resolution was then carried in its altered form. The BrsHOP moved the fourth resolution— " That there shall be a conscience clause in operation, under which no teacher shall be compelled to give such Bible-teaching contrary to his or her convictions, and that no child shall receive such Bible-teaching contrary to the wish of his or her parents. This was seconded by Rev. J. Y. SIMPSON, and agreed to. The CHAZRMAK then moved the fifth and last resolution—" That the general character of the Bible reading and teaching be on the system adopted by the London School Board, which provides for instruction in selected passages of Holy Scripture." This was seconded by Canon GBEEN. Rev. J. B. STEPHENSON moved as an addition the words — "And in no case shall a Government grant be made to a denominational or private school." He said he did this because in a Bill that came before the House of Assembly it was proposed that assistance should be given to private schools that did the standard work. Dean RUSSELL would support the addition so far as the denominational schools were concerned, but not in regard to private schools. Canon GREEN objected to the resolution, because it would preclude them from at any time asking the Government to adopt a system of payment by results. Dean RUSSELL said he would like to have time to consider the proposal, because, after all, he thought the Roman Catholics deserved more consideration from the State than they had hitherto received. Archdeacon FARE was of the same opinion. He said he_ was quite willing to join in this movement in favour of religious education in State schools, but he would prefer payment by results. Several gentlemen said they would oppose any grant to denominational schools, but could not see their way to vote for the addition which had been moved, which was inopportune, and. would create dissension amongst them when they ought to be unanimous. The BISHOP said he could not accept the addition as an amendment. He put the resolution, which was carried. The Rev. J. B. STEPHENSON then proposed the addition as a resolution, and said he was anxious the public should be assured there would be no State aid given to denominational education. The Rev. J. BICKFOED seconded the resolution. Dean RUSSELL moved the previous question. This was seconded by the Rev. JOHN MCEWIN, and carried by a large majority. It was afterwards resolved, on the motion of Canon GKEEN, seconded by Canon ANDREWS—" That a committee, consisting of the Revs. H. T. Burgess, J. McEwin, S. Mead, E. Rorke, and Canon Andrews be appointed to act with the Bishop for the purpose of taking whatever action may be necessary for bringing the resolutions agreed to before the proper authorities." The meeting then closed with prayer. 