NERVOUS PROSTRATION. There is an unusual amount of illness this autumn of the type known as ' nervous prostration' (says the Providence ' Journal'). It is prevalent among hardworked people who have been deprived of the needed summer rest and relaxation, men who carry their business home with them every night, and women who are worn out by domestic cares and worries. It is very strange how much we are told about food, clothing, ventilation, drainage, exercise, and other things which have aa influence on our health, and how very seldom we think of rest. And yet, as a remedial and restorative measure, it is of he first importance in many cases. Most physicians know what to do and when to do it, but a good deal of common sense is required to. discover how not to do something and when to let the patient alone. A combination of drugging and fretting kills more than half the sick people in the world; a man's enemies cannot do him near so much damage as his friends. The world is possessed with the notion that when a man is taken ill a terrible ado must be kept up, an alternation of nursing and fussing, while pre ternaturally wise and whispering doctors, sympathis ing friends, tearful relatives and chattering nurses add their contributions to the wrong side, and all because somebody is ill and needs chiefly rest. We have not yet, most of us, gotten rid of the old notion of the ancients that disease is a personality, a some thing that is in the air, that travels about, enters our dwellings and finally seizes hold of us ; something akin in the minds of the ignorant to a goblin, ghost, fiend, demon, or witch, which only pills or potation can exorcise, oil or cure. We are con fident that many a sensible physician will say, if the patient will let him, that two-thirds of all the maladies of all the people, in the world would get well in a few hours or days if left to themselves, with no other appliances than such as instinct would Bug gestor common sense employ. But patients often estimate the doctor's skill by the wonderfully wise look which he assumes and the extent or variety of hisprescriptions ; and a sick man's friends hate to geemunsympathising, andsoare apt to be officious. It is to be understood, of course, that we are not speak ing of extreme cases, but of the treatment of most of the ills which flesh is heir to— :the troubles which come upon over-worked men and women, so many of whom we find all around us in this pushing com petitive age. Their best remedy, if they can take it, is rest. If that be impossible we can only pity them. 