n-wMEL ECT p 0ETRY The Deserted House. Is there anj' sight that raises stranger fancies in | our mind Than a house we sec deserted—void of any human kind, - Slowly rotting, dump and mouldy, every chamber, . roof and floor, ' Half in fear we cross each threshold, curious, yet ' . ' full of awe, .s Like a body used no longer, and from which the soul has fled— . J>ike a temple sacred only to the long ■ forgotten (? dead. Here, before a roaring fire children played^ while mothers smiled; -Fathers from the cares of daytime by their loved Y ones were beguiled; ■ ' ! : j ' Tales were told, aud hopes and fancies lent their' magic to the scene— Strange it is to see how dreary is the. place where' joy has been. • , ; = In this dark and lonesome chamber we can almost. ' hear tjie groan Of sonic sad and weary sufferer dying in the gloom I alone; t)r perhaps with friends around him cameat.length the welcome end, As forvbreath in vain he struggled, o'er hi in did ! \ some loved one bend. . / »». , >» •. Through this dreary doorway passed a mother, with a soft and noiseless tread, . i ','Every evening paused a moment, stooping o'er each j little bed, ■ .. . j Softly kissed the little inmate sleeping. sweetly, calmly there— ' : I .Littlciliyes so strongly guarded from iv thought of .Bin or care. ' Did she ever weep, I wonder, as she'passed the empty cot— Scarce a mother but she misses some one .from her. treasured, lot. .Did.a.yearning strong and tender;fill the gentle ' mother's heart Wheu'sHc viewed that one cot standing ' from the ' othdr beds apart 7 ' -v Leave.the room, a thousand fancies crowd, from it , ..int^roiy brain,, > ; Yearnings strange and feelings mingled half with joy and half .with pain,' : Here a chamber where boiiic maiden passed her r Mi youthful, hours away - Here'she dreamt those dreams and fancies that like ■ 1 , mist can fade away; - . ■ ■■! • Hero some youth formed mighty projects, lasting as'the maiden's dreams, ••••<•• Oh that life wero but as brilliant as in youth's \ :c bright hours it seems ! Spirits for the time forgotten wander through each vacant room; r'/v.; Hopes and' dreams now dead for ■ ever • dwell like >..• ghosts amid the gloom ; , ■•;:! ;■ ;>! .. ( .Silence and decay together in the on co. loved homo, must dwell, ; >,t > > . . - None are left to claim the dwelling that could ever love it well. But a few more years.will-vanish and it shall bei seen 110 more, Trees will:grow and. grass will, flourish where thei house has'stood before ; ' "f'' Winds will mourn and sobi around it, clouds will: frown to see it fall i Poor^iuiconscious,. soulless 'dwelling, yours is but the ;f.fato bf.allll(, ., > _ 