WoveUst. DAN LYONS'JDOOM! : ? mPTEn HI—(COSTOOED.); . Mr E;t to wis that in tbd woman's face, M.jaJepcilly in hnr dark, deep set eyes, that Jtnii Mining to n closer observer. It vraa rtH'ahirdficc, a crncl fn.ee, an obstinate face, i['? ctterly untrustworthy foco. If ever [jjacrinco and prejudice, and a total want cf jEvral cori£ciousncsH were stamped upon Inlaw! they were stamped in tho conn iknsnM of Hr?. Brady. Each of tho three iilMren that seated themselves ut tho tabic fcatd her on the i cession of whioh I write tlifomc resemblance to the mother; but tho BFHiipiiloiM cunning of Cornelius, the ani ail vanity of Korn, and tho ungovernable tl'sions that gleamed in tho eyes of Father limei were all doubled and intensified in the :!d woman's face. As tho man we call Father 'sides seated himself opposite to where she Hood she leaned on both hands as she rested ft'im on tho table and bent over it toward his bwd face, an f.Uo muttered angrily between WHttetth: "So it's on you again ? Oh, Wood of tho fetet Bradys, of Cloghcr, turned to water, tho tight is comin' on an' it's frcezin' ye aro I " The bitter rcorn of the tones was felt keenly If lit'man to whom they were addressed, and I'jis?M was Hashed from his awful eyes into (woman's (bat was terriblo to meet. "By "he cried, if you weren't my aheryou would haunt mc too, for I'd kill 31 And as it is you'd better bo warned, for si Bay go too far some day, and my Ufa is :lmle worth. Sbe started back as his olenched fist was ?d so violently on the table that the dishes as dishireod, but at a warning movement :a Cornelius her mood seemed to instantly rage, and she laughed harshly. "One can't say a word to you at all, James, ?c times," she said ; can't you take a joko Ml your mother ? " "Joko! "ho repeated, as ho stood up and KM hu chair back from tho table. "Am a Aula again that you think to twist mo and your linger! Joke! who in their TJ wonl" joko with blood on their hands id tna hangman's rope round their nocks ? " d he flammed tho door of on adjoining om behind him, leaving his supper un aehea on tho table. Mrs Brady's face grow whito as chalk, and M?.I into a chair, staring at Cornelius with i tern/ted dark eyes. "What has como over him at all, Conn," "tried; "li c ' fl no j; tno Farno nmn B i nee w0 ins hero. Ob, „,y God, do you think ho'll lack on na after all?" and she rocked her- JtOEndfrodt-Bnairingly. "To toll you tho truth, mother, I'm getting ?. K-plicdCoinelius, as he attacked his ?wthi an appetite. "I hopo that'tho ?Ms coat isn t putting ideas of religion and tptntanc? in his head." "?Ithou?htsol'd tear it off his back! iSrf"" 1 ' vhito Hvercd? A man. M?7, ? Wood ln him tun > from the re mZtu ,T,C , rO h ' m t0 on thp cross ? If I X r B ?' l '," hiH '"oiber, and I'd knife him |"'?J own hands." ? Ji. \ cd n3 if sho would - Slw seemed mv i capable of .anj- deed as she rose and ;M?k her right hand out clenched against MiX around her. As her long fingers mm each other, then so they would doubt- Mai havei gripped an enemy's throat had it I? n mirm, reach when tho hot b]ood was wiing , n her veins-thc same blood, as she ?il.„ rU . r / tt,d,lhat luld niadu Father Janus i.maantcdni?n. W? NOM ftto hcr '?? d ll! > s ''ly. nnd scarcely atari? ft word that was passing round her ; \i.„T * M used to her mother's temper, 3 /u was IUH '" h ? "? d ?<> v ? iWHWed her head as to what aroused it. At ?t present she was too much occupied about KiT h , Cr brother had ("'?" ''er in his bp in. ', a 5' 1 calcul, iting tho effect of a dress c intended to don on the morrow with the 2 B ?r f F* h *t?Uing herself in it to tho un ontcious Irishman. rr?J„ 0r ra ' I,riu, y' Blle had forgotten tho LT n i her youugest until it was recalled ? or by a motion of Cornelius as he spoke a ?low voice. k('re!'? U ,or!!Qt, mother ' th at somebody is C? 3, 0, ? Sho never :icarH anything IMnJ i<* ?. c ? ncer ? h ? own self, or sees any- God help her, but her own handsome "Wt. h?. ,MB - Noral Nora, I say I" itrrlH , rotur ned Nora, with a start on Mt return from tho realms of fancy. \Uiatworyou thinking of? " tad rLn,?r nor '" "plied tho girl; Zl , , ( i hll? ro?e from tbo tab 'a with a loud ffiter's fa? the nngry blood rush into CHAPTER IV. toe I'oniusr.-TnLMii ov mookt hoiias. HA^ n f "h'Rh up on a spur of Great Mount , "?n m a sheltefed spot nearly hiddon by *i and big brown rooks, half covered with W„ ??f ond W lichen ! ?' was built of bit i, . , ARh *< and covered by sheets of ffom i ' . hoI * vhich showed tho weather nbM of many years. ft .', m the front of this hut on the side of M?r? one of the nrandest views around kail. , ea , waii disccmablo, and if it had been alinn ,i lO . of espionage, no aitu ""ra could have been better chosen. Tho township lay under the oyo like ft flrcfln mnp, I doltrd with little white cubes that represented dwellings, and right across Iho long line" of tho gleaming creok, past St. Derricks, and up tho slope whoro tho lono coraolory lay, not a human being could move withoat being tracod from Nun Griflith's hut. j Tho very gully where lay the long-dcscrtnd claims wa? open to the view from that hill homo ; and us fur sh tho eye oould reaoh— fnr across tho plains bounded by tho low, purple-blue hills, ono could follow tho track I along which tho eoacb passed onco a day ; in short, tho oyrio of an eaglo wua never built in a nioro commanding and yet retired npot. Two or thrnn days after that on which my t-tory opens, Nan Orillitha was sitting on a hloek of wood outside tho door of tho hut, and under the heavy shadow of a ppreading tree tliat bent its crooked branches over her un c tnny-lookiiif; figure. She was a very old woman, with white lmir hanging loosely over her shoulders, and a long cloak that covorod her even down to her feet; to this cloak there was a hood that could be drawn at will over her hood, and holes, through ono of which a skinny hand wns passed to grasp a orutclhid stick. The old creature was tooth less, and her skin was shrivelled up on her face like aun-tanned leather; but tho keen dark oyes that sparkled under the long white hairs ol her eyebrows were apparently a3 serviceable ac when she was 20 years younger. Bhe was muttering and mumbling; to her self in a disentitled way that made her sharp nose and chin meet in a manner that gavo her dome resemblauco to a bird of proy, when she saw n woman climbing up tho track among tho trees leading toward the hut. It was a tall, pale-faced woman of about thirty five, with dark hair and eyes, and a weary, helpless look in her face that would hare won tho sympathy of a stranger, but did not cccm to be noticed by Nan, who was her mother. " What a time you've been! Faugh, tho women thero is in these days 1" " I was as quick as I could bo," Ellen GriflHha returned, a3 eho seated herself wearily near tho hug, " and I'm as tired as death." " Death is never tired, you fool, and you always arc," Nan growled; "and now you sit there staring beforo you withoat telling mc a word ; did you see tho child." "Yes, but I had a rare hunt for him." "Where was lie?" "Up iv tho cemetery at the Colonel's grave." " By himself ?" " No, lie was with Resignation St. Herrick." Tho reply seemed to stun the old hag with surprise. With .Resignation St. Herrick 1 With her of all the children in tho world I" and then & harsh, cackling laugh burst from Nan's lips, as she clapped her hands joyfully. "It would bo grand," ?he screcchod; "I wii>h I'd thought of it afore; but there's time enough. I'll maka a policeman—a trap of him. , "A policeman 1 of who?" " Of Dan I would it not bo grand if lie were to trap Colonel St. Horrick's murderer I" Ellen looked at her mother with a stony horror, but she said nothing, though the hag went on as though eho hnd. " Oh it'svawful isn't it I your mother is a hard- hearted, cruel old woman, that would hunt to death the man you loved. I'jvugh 1 you whito-livered worm, that would turn and lick the hand that struck yon; are you r child of mino at all ? " Ellen was ueed to such talk, and she said nothing save what was expressed in tho worn to death, weary look in her poor white faco. " Tell mo what you heard, ooree you, and don't sit there like a senseless imago driving mo mad," shouted Nan, as she seized her daughter's arm And shook her violently ; " open your mouth and speak, fool that you arc." " What am I to tell about first ? " "The now peoplo at St. Herricks, who are they?—quick." " Their name is Brady, an old mother, two flonu, and a daughter. They've taken St. llerrieks—rented it of Mr. Pollard." " And is it true that thoy'ro going into tho old ground again?" "Yee." The hag gave her daughter another vicious shake, and her sharp, prominent chin worked like tho halt of a pair of nut-crackero tis she shrieked— " I'll throttle you if you don't speak out I what has come over you at all fool ? Have yon seen a ghost—the ghost of Colonel Hcrriok, cb ? " " No, but I have seen a faco like Dan Lyons." At tho reply tho old woman's hand fell from her daughter's arm as she questioned anxiously. " You don't mean that ho has come back Ellen?" " No, it was in a woman's faco I saw tho likenesp; and then it was in tho oyes only. When I was looking for little Dan I went round by tho fenco at St. Ilatrick's, and found a young girl looking over it as if watch ing for some one ; it was tho daughter of the Brady's that have taken tho place." " Woll 1 you spoko to her of course 1 " " Yea, and got a good deal of news out of her, but before I left her mother came out and called her angrily away. It was in Mrs. Brady's eyes I saw Dan Lyons." " It was in your own eyea you saw a fool," said tho hag scornfully. " You think of nothing morning, noon, and night, but that double dyed murderer that left a curse on you and yours. Go on with what yon were saying." " She's a young Rirl, and a silly ono, tho Brady girl; but you'll soon see her for your self, for I told her about you, and she's euro to pay you a visit. Sho thinks of nothing but sweethearts, and her brother has told her that a man is in lovo with her." " What man ?" "Do you remember Tady Connor, mother?" "That Connor that worked in the Gully when the Colonel was killed ?" " Tho same." " Something is going to happen I" exolaimed Nun, wildly. "No wonder I dreamed of strange thiuge and saw strango signs I Go on I" " When Mrs. Brady called tho girl insido I went on toward tho cemetery, and I met Connor himself on his way from tho Gully." " Did he know you, Kllen ?" " Yeo, at once, and asked mo if you were alive yet. Ho is coining to see you about Bomo dream." " Aye ? ho was always a soft fool, but an opon-handed ono, too, co ho's welcome." " If I don't mistake, that's ho coming up tho bill now, mother," said tho woman, as she pointed down toward a man who was steadily climbing up tho steep path. Yes, it was Tady, in truth, going, after many misgivings, to sco onco again the fortune-teller of Mount Roban, whom ho had more than onco consulted in tho years gone by ; for Tady was ono of thoso not unusual characters in whom are combined deep re ligious convictions and an ignorant belief in supernatural powers and beings, and his ignorant mind was sorely exercised on account of a strango dream ho had had a few nights previous. " How Jlr. Leonard would laugh at mo," he whs muttering to himself in gasps, as the steepness of tho hill tried his lungs eoverely ; " he don't beliovc iv fortune-tellers or witches, or anything, but seein's beliovin', an , well I know Nan is a witch if thero was ever one in thin world." When ho roaohed the hut thcro was no ono in front of it, and the door was shut. lie ' knocked a low, respeotful knock, and nearly jumped out of hia akin aa he was bidden by liamo to enter. " Oomo in, Tody Connor." " What am I frightened of?" he reasoned with himself as ho lifted tho latch and pushed open tho dnor. "Of course Ellon has como back and lould her eho seen mi.' When ho entered the low, dim room, with tho day floor and thesmoko-blackened rafters, ho saw that there van a email flee on the hearth, but no ono bosida it, and then ho turned at a Bound that mado him ehivcr to see Nan Griffiths standing on the threshold of an inner door with a huge black cat at hor feet. It wa? tho cat's unearthly " nie-a-w 1" that had mr.de Tdily ehuddor from head to foot. " Welcome, Tady Oonnor," said the hag, as eho advanced and Etood before him, her skinny hand grasping tho stick, her low bent form still covered with the long cloak. ' The eeaa have relied between us for long years, and now they have brought you back again." " Thoy havo, ma'am," aaid Tady, as ho mado a respectful ecrapo with his right foot; and I'm glad to nee they have left you look ing so hearty." " Time makes no odds to me,' aho said, as she drew a seat to the table and'sat down, while BUo pointed to another for her visitor. " I'll live until a man dies, and then my work is done. Sit down." Tady would havo liked to ask her whoso death was to precodn her own, but htidaro'nt, aud waited humbly for tho hag to epeak again. "You want to consult mo?" aho asked; as she put her shrivelled faco bo neat to him that tho fiery littlo eyea co far back in her head Ecomed to burn him. " Speak out what it is while the humor's on mo." " It's a drame I had, Mrs. Griffiths—a drama that's troublin' meintircly ; an' know in' well how knowledgeable you always wor, I kern to ax you about it." " All right," ahe replied, as she drew toward hor with a akinny paw tho coin Tady had laid near her on tho table. " Skull, fetch tho master's books." "The latter command was addressed to tho blaok oat, who instantly entered the ineide chamber and almost instantly returned with a littlo bag in hie mouth, whioh ho deposited on hie mistress's lap, taking ;ho opportunity of his vicinity to the terrified Irishman to spit and " wa-ow " viciously in bia face. " Down, Skull," cried Nan to the cat as she opened the bag and drew a pack of dirty cards from it. " Now, Connor, tell mc your dream." " It's twice now I've dramod it," he said, turning his faco away from tho cat, who still glared at him. " I thought, do you Bee, that I was down in the old shaft at work, aud that with overy Bpado I dug I turned up tho head of a man. I thought that I rflwaye expected a lump of gold, and saw it shinin' as X turned ths ehovol, but whin it come up it was always the same man's faco wid blood on it." " Did you know the face ? " asked tho hag solemnly. " Yea, I did." ? "Whoso was it? " " It was Dan Lyon, the murderer's, face." " Something is going to happen Tady Conuor! " she said, almost repeating tho words blio had used to her daughter. " Tho dream was always tho-?ame ? " " Always, ma'am." With her jaws munching and mnmbling horribly tho fortuno-teller spread the cards before her, and with such a keen anxiety in her own repellant and withered faoe, that it was evident who possessed spmo belief in the art she practised. Unconsciously to himself, the litvle Irishman had uttered tho ono name in the whole world that had power to exeito her-worst pas3ions, for "there are far worse passions than tho reigning ono of Nan Griffith's, which was cupidity. " What man is plotting against yon ?" eho asked him suddenly, as ho anxiously watched hor faco while she scanned the cards. "You have been speaking to him lately, though you have not touched his hand—who is it ? " and ehe turned her eyes keenly upon 'lady's face. " I don't know, Mrs. Griffiths. I haven't epoko to a soul to-day but my young master, Mr. Leonard Trosaer, and I'm sure he'd plot nothing agin his fosterer." "You epoko to no ono else?—mind what you say, Tady Connor." "Bo this an' bo that 1 " asseverated Tady, and then ho all at once stopped, and with a gasp ejaculated almost in a whisper, " Sure it wouldn't be Father James 1" " Who iv Father James ?" Nan asked sus piciously, " and what right havo you to be talking of clergymen here ? Why, the very cat knows you have named one—look at him I" In fact tho black cat had turned toward the terrified Tady, and with every hair on end was mea-wing and spitting at him. " Spako to him ! quiten him for my sato, Mrs. Griffith's 1 sure I meant no harm, and at any rate Father James isn't a priest at' all aein' ho isn't in orth'er* now; he's tho jentle man that has rented St. Herrick's an' is liviu' there wid his family." A sudden remembranco of what her daughter had said about Nora Brady made tho old hag grin to herself as she ordered her familiar to retire, and sho resumed tho read ing of tha cards eho had laid down. " I can tell you nothing about your dream until you dream it once more," she said, " but beware of a dark man that i 3 plotting against your very life." " How will I find out who ho is ? " asked Tady, anxiously. " Through a girl," replied Nan; " a young girl withdark hair that's in lovo with you." " With' mo? It's jokin' you are, raa'm." Don't I look like a woman to joke?" was tho angry retort. " There's a girl in lovo with you, and you'll see her this very day.'for sho'a waiting and watching for you at this moment; and now go, for I can tell yon no more at present. When you dream tho third time come to mc again." Tady got up, and having uttered his thanks, gladly hastened out of tho hut. His super- Btitious terrors of old Nan and her cat, al though partly overcome by tho wonderfully good nows sho had told him, wero yet quite sufficient to render his escape into the puro air of the mountain a pleasant one, and he haetened down its sido to bo at leisuro to think over his unexpected good fortune. Good fortune, indeed, and at last I I think I have told you that Tady Connor had num bered Bomo thirty-fivo years, and during many lustres of those years it had boon his hard fato to havo boon hopelessly over head and ears in lovo very many times. Tady's heart was soft, but those of tho maidens who Bcorned his turned-up noso, his crooked fiu "gers, and bis red hair, were as hard as the nether millstone. In vain had ho year after year pictured to himself somo lovely inamorato transformed into a loving wifo, and called Mrs. Connor. Ono by ono his hopes had boon blighted, and his person mocked or laughed at, yet hero was a young girl with dark hair in lovo with him—actually in love with his vtry self, without being asked or even kuown at all 1 Delightful thought I hut there was one drawback—ho had a rival, for that was tho decision Tady camo to regarding the dark man old Nan had declared to be plotting against him, and warned him against. " Of coorso it's some chap that sho won't look at on account of her lovo for mc, tho darlin'l" ho soliloquised. "Iwonthcrwho oho is at all, at all? but, euro, I'll know soon, for I'm to eeo hor this very day," and poor Tady, believing in Nan Griffiths with all his littlo heart, wont down tho bill rejoioin? and looking fill around him for a sight of the girl who at lftit had been the one to appreciate the hitherto despised little man. " Maybe she's behind some of the bushes or rocks watchin' mc tho crathur,"he murmured ?with a fond smile, as he took off hig hat and arranged kin red, fitiff looks. " It's well I put on mo new coat, though 'twas for old Nan I did it. She was ever an always vory particu lar," and he squared round his funny little person to look at his heels, a3 he gave the ad mired bint; coat with tho brafis buttons a vigorous tug babind to make it hang more gracefully. He had to pass St. Hcrrick's on hia way to the township—donbtlese tho canning hag he had just left had calculated on that fact, and also another faot, the latter boing that Nora Brady was again standing at tho fenue under the trees, watching and waiting for the sweet heart her biothoir had promised her, little thinking what events would follow from tho effects of his silly fun at, tho expense of Nora's well-known vanity and weakness /or thf op posite sex. She "had seen Tady climbing up the hill path, nnd now watched his return with a beating heart and a conscious smile on her coar33, rosy face. St. Horrick's had, ai w<! know, an interest for Connor that Nora did not guess at, and for a moment, as ho pissed it. ha forgot tbo for tune tellers prediction and thought of tho murdered man whom everyone had loved. In the vory middle of theaa Bad thoughts, how over, he heard a flight cough, f;m! with a sud den return of hin warru admiration of his un known inamorato's hn stopped and turned in the direction of the "ahem." Had them been an observer of tho mooting' between Nora and Tady bo must certainly have been an amused one. The girl was craning hor neck over tho fence in trying to follow with her eyes Tady's passing form, when r?t her cough he turned suddenly and stopped, then she drew her big head back and giggled. Tady strnck an attitudo, an attitude so ludicrous and comical that nothing but the girl's exaggerated self-conceit prevented her from observing its true nature, but as it was she saw nothing navo unbounded admiration of her over decorated aelf, and was immensely delighted, bo with the enyious fonco only be tween them Tady grinned from ear to ear, and fell awkwardly upon his knees on the damp grass, under tho thick trees that protruded their great branches over tho dilapidated feneo. "Are you Tady Connor? " simpered silly Nora, as shn noanned her lover's rather sin gular proportions lavishly displayed by his Bprawl upon the grass. " I am, mavourneen, I am that happy man," cried Tady. " What makes you co happy ?" " Because at last I see tho beauty nn' tko darlin' of tho wide world hero foreuint mo this blessed day." "He-he-he I" Ile-he-ho wasn't much, but, with the ac companying leer from Nora's small, heavy eyes, it expressed great encouragement to poor Tady. " Arrah, don't he laughin' at mo astbore; sure, you'll brak my hoart if you do 1" And 1 with a good deal of grunting, Tady struggled to his knees, and venturod nearer to the fence. ' " I'm not laughing at you. How did yon know I was hero? ,, Nora asked, as she ar ranged her ribbons and cheap ornaments pretty much as Tady had arranged the tail of hia coat a little previously. " Nan tonld mc agra, an , sure it waa meself that a'most flew down the hill to come to ye," replied Tady, but ho was wondering all the time who told the girl his name, and then deciding it waa that dangerous dark man wbo was plotting against him, he determined to ask her at once. " I say, agra, who was it tonld you mc name?" " Conn did," and as Nora went on, ho was muttering, almost audibly, " D Conn, who ever he is." "But who is this Nan you are talking about ? Is ahe you're sister ?" "God forbid!' , and Tady crossed himself devoutly, " arrah no, asthore, ehe's au ould woman that .has lived up on Mount Eoban these twenty years, an' site's a fortune teller." The latter words were uttered in a whisper, that necessitated Tady'a monkey-like faoe being protruded over the fenco in dangeroua proximity to that of tho delighted Nova, who was, however, woman enough to affect a pru dery she was far from experiencing. " Go away with you—it's a shame for you, and if mother or. Conn was to see you, both of us would be killed." " Divil a care I care 1 Who's Conn ?" asked Connor, with a scornful twist of hia ugly nose at the mention of a name he had identified as a fancied rival. "I'd be sorry to vex the mother ov mc darlin , girl, but as for Conn—to the divil wid him, I say ! Who is he, at all, at all?" "Conn is my brother, didn't you know that? I've two brothers, yon know, Conn and James, Father James, they osll him now." " Oh, Lord ! is Father James a brother of yours? But afther all, why should wo be afraid of him or any one ? I'll keep company wid no decent girl except for decency, and euro ho could mnrry us if he was agreeable" "Marry us," repeated Nora, with a giggle again, at the idea of this ardent wooing. " 'Tis early in the day to be talking of marry ing when I've only seen you a minuto or two ago; and besides, James couldn't marry us, for lie'a not in orders." "Oh, I forgot,, lie tould mo so himself agra; but never mind, when wo makes up our minds wo can aisy find a priest to tie U3 together for a happy life. Who's that ?'< That was someone shouting shrilly " Nora 1 Nora 1" in the direction ot tho houso. " 'Tis mo mother 1 I must go or she'll kill mo." . . "Stop one minnit ashtore. Whiu'll I sco you agin ? Tell mo quick now before you go. Suro I'll be thinkin' it months till I see your beweheful eyes an' your darlin' faoo again." " I don't know, I'm often'kero at tho fenco, and if you'll whistlo I can conio mostly any time in the evenin'." " Oh, the lovely erathur 1" murmured Tady, as he gripped the top rail of tho fence and stared after tho quickly retreating figure of hia fat inamorata. " Isn't sho tho darlin' of tho world to take a fancy to mo in this way, an' not a sowl to cars for mo in this wide world but Mr. Leonard ?" and tho name re minded him that ho had better not keep his young master ignorant of his whereabouts much longer, so he tore himself away and mado for tho township. CHAPTER V. Tin; nnAi) man's corse. Lone cemetery of Marranga, where the few dead sleep far from tho world they may- know no more, and where tho rustlo of tho long grass over their neglected graves is rarely caused by a human footstep. There in tho quiet nook on the hill-side mi\y the bird rear her young in peace among ths spreading trees of the old Buih Lund, and the breeze whisper to dead ears unheard save by tho young of the wallaby that sometimes venture* to peep from anions tbo rockti that bound its fenco. To a stranger no desolation could seem greater than that of Marranga graveyard, whero a dosen graves had sunk among tho grass to sad neglect, and over only one had a name or a date been inscribed. And that one, on a hoad-stone. of white marble, Btood out from its surrounding of flowering plants, like a sentinel who never sleeps, to guard the last resting-place of a St. Derrick. That spot alone in tho gra;s tangled enclosure was carefully tended, and lay an oasis of blossom in a desert of desola tion. The black letters on the pure surface of the bead-stone had in some measure faded, but tho inscription was yet plain enough to the eye hud there been ono in the vicinity to read it. -" Hut it was yet early in tho morning, and tho man who was slowly approaching it had not as yet reached the graveyard. Indeed he seemed in no haato, for ho toiled up the slope as one afflicted with weakness, and when.he had reached the gate, rested long on it, gazing toward the white sentinel tomb, He was a tall man with a white haggard face under a slouched hat, and he woro a long, black semi clerical coat. It was tbe new tenant of St. llerriclcs, the man known as Father James. Perhaps he did not mean to enter at all. Do stood thero so long, and so motionless that he might havo beon as dead as that mnn over whom 'he whits stone stood, for all ap pearance oi life tbat ho exhibited. Magpies were stalking proudly in the grass, and greet ing the early sun with their sweet gurgling notes. The laughing jackass, perched upon tho limb of a leafless gum tree, shrieked out a wild ehoruH to some distant mate. The green paroquet fluttered and chattered among the branches, but that statuc-liko man did not seem to sco them or hear anythinguntil there was the sounds cf voices behind him, and then he turned bis head just a little way to see who wero the unwelcome vieitantsto a spot ho had believed too lone to bring a single human being to gaze upon his face. It was fair Resignation St. Herriok who came toward him, though he did not know it then, and beside her w'alkud a hoy of about her own age, a boy with a bold, intelligent eye, and a fearless mien. Gloss beside Designation walked -Guardian,her great dog, with his eyes cloesly and suspiciously scan ning the stranger as the trio ncared him. > Resignation was attired as she had beon when I first named her, A pale blue fleecy dress enveloped her slight figure, and from under her broad drooping hat hor flossy fair hair fell in a cloud over her shoulders. In one hand she carried a littlo basket, tho other wa3 laid on the dog's great head, as the child noticed his nncasy movements. The boy's stout, healthy figure was clad in a shirt of 3ome light flannel material, and a pair of well-made dark trousers covered his sturdy limbs. A straw hat Bhadod a pair of fino dark eye 3, and a handsome bright face, browned by the sun, aud rtiddy with health. " Hush, Guardian, you must not bo rude to strangers," Resignation whispered in response to the dog's subdued growl. "He will not bito you, sir." Father James made no reply, and the chil dren passed him to enter tho gate. The lad went on without vouchsaving tha man"': a. second glance, but Resignation paused with her soft hand on the still open gate. "Would you like to como in, sir ? It is not private. Would you like to come in and see my dear father's grave ? " ? " Your father's grave I Why should I want to see your fathor's grave, child?" Tho words were spoken so sharply that the child drew back a little;' during all Resigna tion's little life these wero the first words she had heard in any other tones than'affliction or pity, and-sho fixed her large calm oyes upon the man in a sort of mild, wonder, as she replied, " I beg your pardon; I thought yon were tha gentleman who has taken tho. house where papa used to livo, and that yon might like to see his grave." " Who aro you, child?" ho asked in trembling tones, as his white face seemed to yet blanch of a moro ghastly pallor. "I am Resignation St. Derrick," she answered ; "my father was Colonel '~ St. Herriok." \- .'! Sla yi I will go with you," he murmored, a3 sho was turning away with a disappointed look to follow her companion. The gentle child waited gladly until Father James had passed the gate, and then she closed it behind him. He allowed herlo pass him, and then followed her up the narrow' pathway between the long grasses of the old graves. If sho could have known what was passing in that mair's heart—-if she could have read hia thoughts, hidden beneath that outward calm and that priestly dress, what would Resignation St. Herriok havo done, or what would tho poor fatherless child have said ? He'followed hor light step? until sho stopped near a grave, where flowers grew under that white marble headstone, on which tho priest's eyes seemod fixed with such a. stony glaro that the lad who knelt by the grave with a trowel in his hand stared at him in wonder. If the words had been red hot, and pressed against the' man's naked breast," his face could not havo expressed a greater agony of fear and pain. Sacred ' To Thk MKironr Or CoLOKBti Tnnonom* St. Hermes, " Foully murdered at Marranga, June 19th, 186— * " Vengeance is Mini*, I will repay, snith the Lord." " " The child saw that his eyes wero tracing tho words, and waited Bilently and respoot fnlly until ho turned his faco away, and sat weakly down on a grassy tuft with h*3 back to tho headstono. The boy looked at Father. James with a Euspioion that he evidently shared with the dog, for at every movement of the man the animal showed hia teetb, though silently, doubtless from respect to his. young mistress's former reproof, but Resignation regarded the stranger with a yearning pity that her soft question explained. ? "Did you know my dear papa, sir?" and as a reply Father James shook his bowed head. " You havo perhaps lost a dear father, too? but not in so sad and cruel a way as I lost mine. Oh it was cruel, cruel." ." It was worse than cruel; it was inhuman and cowardly I" cried tho lad, striking tho trowel on tho grass ho was kneeling on for emphasis ; " and if I was a man and mot him I wonld kill him as I would a snake." " Who are you ?" asked tho priest, suddenly as ho turned his face toward the vehement speaker. "Mc? My name is Daniel." "And Daniel is my friend," explained Resignation eagerly. "Ho has always helped mo to keep papa's grave nice, nnd'when ho is a man ho is going to find papa's murderer and get him punished." She said tho last words in a low, emphatic whisper, looking ronnd her ns if fearful of being overheard as in a matter of the most secret consequence. " Yes, I Bhnll find him," Daniel declared, proudly. " Old Nan wants to make a police man of mo to run the villain down ; but I shall find him without being a trap. 110 may hide himself anywhere, but I shall find him, for it is fated that my hand shall put the rope about his neck." " How do you know ?" asked the white faced priest almost iv a whispor. " Because granny has said so, and sho is a reader of tho stars— then cannot lie, you know, and besides I feel thnt I shall know Dan Lyons by instinct if over tho villain comes near mo." " Was Dan Lyons the name of tho man who " and ha nodded toward the head stone, though ho did not [turn his eyes [to* ward it " I'es, didn't yon know?" Designation asked wonderingly. "Ho was poor papa's mate in the claim, you know. It doesn't tell about it there"—and she pointed to the stone—"but mama has told mc all about it over and over again. Dan Lyons buried my dear father alive—papa wrote about it in his note book while he was dyinjr, and mama has tho note book yet. Just fancy what it must havo been to' bo crushed down iv the dark ground alive, but smothering, and thinking of mama and mc all the time 1 Oh, poor papa 1 But I would rather have been him, even then, than the wicked man that killed him, for he was going to he.iven, but tho murderer can never, never go there." I " Are you suro of that ? " How eagerly the quostion was asked 1 with what trembling lip* and craving eyes I "Of course he can't I" cried Daniel; "he must go among the devils, for ho was one of them I ho was no man! didn't he bury the- Colonel alivo and stand looking at him and taunting him while he was dying ? " Only a devil could do that! " "Maybe, Daniel, if he was truly penitent," Resignation said doubtfully ; " if ho is sorry and asks God for Christ's sake, He may for give him after a great while." '"Never! all the sorrow in tho world wouldn't undo his sin or make a dead man live sigain! Besides, if he was sorry ho would have stood out before tho world and confessed his orime 1" From ono to the other of tho childrens' faoes Father James gazod eagerly. What could he be. looking for ? In Dan's eyes he saw only a fierce anxiety for justice on tho murderer, in Resignation's a pitiful doubt, as her knowledge of God's moroy was contend ing with her righteous abhorrence of tho man -whose crime had mado her fatherless. '..?? "It was cruel," she repented, as she patted the" mould around some plant on the grave beside whioh she now knelt softly, " aiid if it was not my poor papa he had killed, I might be sorry for that bad man, but it is hardly natural for mc to be sorry for him." " Sorry for him f I wish I was old enough and—ond I'd——" " Vengeance, is mine," repeated Itesiguo tion from the stono; "mama says that 3s surely a3 God's sun shines in the sky God's rongeanoo will overtake Dan Lyons, the mur derer."! . Still from one young lace to another tha man looked voiceles=iy, tho children now tending the flowers on the grave and not re garding him, bat each engaged with thoir own thoughts. At last the man shuddered from head to foot as though a fit had shaken him with its last throb, and he spoko to the boy. . ''Did you say your name was Dan ? " ? "Yea,T wish it wasn't I why did. they cill mc the same name as that murdering wretoh ? "I won't have it 1 " ; " I never call you Dan," said Resignation softly; : " Daniel is a nicer name, and the Daniel in the Bible was a good man." "Your name is Dan?" persisted the stranger.;.'.'Dinwhat ? " ; ; "My name is Daniel Griffiths if yon want to know,'' the boy. replied defiantly,-for he re sented the priest's "insisting ,on - calling him :D>ti:;X";> : ,7-': : ;^ " : -':'..'. 'V ?.-/??:?'.-' \- .".What is your mother's name?"; "Ellen, Ellen Griffiths j bus is old Nan Griffiths''daughter;". .-;??'. Z''..' v:? :' ?;'-. (To be continued.) : 