t¶: 2tCIIOES OECHOES` Oi.fN'LB E.- U ~!, (Br THe Guosr;) ;* ' Honourable.members .of tlhe Victorian Legislative Assembly are evidently firm ,believers.in the-promise thadt to .himn who hath-shall be given," althdughthey appear mnost;unwilling to: accept+. the.: dictum' that ,f from bhim who:iathnoti aveni that which he hath slallba taken.away'?: :The. Rail= way Bill-has proved itself a veritablo.apple of. discord, and, although Mr.. Gillies trumped?Mr.:Bent'.s best caid by inclitding 16 moremiles of railway.than promised by his predecessor, he has managed to create a largeo amount' of: discontent: .The 'exs tensions to lines included in the Railway Bill of 1882 aro accepted! by the repre sentatives of- the fortunate constituencies to.b obenefited;,as a 'matter of 'course, While the excision pf some of the iron ways which f"ledfrom nowhlereto the ?stump of an old tree" has, provoked the marked hostility .pof, th disappointedi ones? Of these,tthl numberhwas so considerable that Mr. Service has already ;shown signs of giving, ay; aud, it is 'moroithan probable thati the 242 miles, which: figured&:in: Le'. Bent'shbill,will once more be ,restored to the pride of ,place they do not. at: present pccupy, in.the 4neasure introduced by. iMr. Gillies, and that the contemplatod loan of four millions will ?e swelled to five, and:the clouds that now lower o.'er the Ministerial benches .bo,onco more buried in' thee.ocean of,unanimity: The Governnient, above all tlhings, are desirous of a.. long., and undis urbed oexistence. 'For the Premier andhis ~olleagues desire 'a life of " beer and skittles," evidontly realising:to: the full thi' pleasure of bping members of',an adminis tration " without any opposition to speak of,',.,and vastlypreferring it:to the con tinued struggleowlsich, in weak Ministries,' renlders the possessor of A portfolio 'a weary pilgrim in what MIrs; Gamp has styled this w"wale oftears." '(Perhaps Mr. Service has been reading:Herlert ;Spencer, and, with that philosopher, ip of qlinion that thelives uf,Mmistrie?,,as well "ase:tbqse. of: indi vidiuals. are but "the eontisnunua ,,aia. menit.ofmiinor and outer relations." ,iAny way, thaoheldof, the Government is.lan adept a?dconeiliation and compromiise, and giviog way, wyhen he:finds rosistance iuipoli tic, and it may therefore be anticipated, with'a tolerable amount df, certainty, thati before the ddbate on the Railway Bill is brought to a conclusion the anndunceimont will have been made .that, in' deference to the geperally expressed desire:of thelHodse, the extra amount required to please Bll and' pend none empty away will be extracted from the mother country in the shape bf a furtherJoain. ': " A feat which, at one time, appeared im possible, ihas at length bee?. acconiplished. A ,Mining; on. ,Private • Property Bill; ipitiatedin ,tho Council .has licen passed by the Assemlly;nand, with, a few unimportant amendments, which, it is understood, will. not be insisted; upon'. by " the .pdopular Chamber,' if found distasteful to the Upper House, returned to its authors. M1i. Levion, tle)lMinister of Mides, ~may fairly' be con gratulated' on having piloted thrbugli a measure which.l1 of his predecessors failed to bring into port. " The Upper Ho-o se has again devoted a' considerable: part of its time to the LIegal' Professions Amalgamation Bill, unid has' now; irrespective of :tlhe -et'idedie b:do>: tained in the Chambler, been' placed in possessioin of:: the ojlinion of the Chief Justice, .Siri William Stawell,; and "of the judges ok the colonies where the distinction netween the ,barrister and solicitor has been abrogated: Tlie' witnesses all coindcide in: deprecating the proposed dhange.' It has !neither: cheapened the law notr raised the professionBl status of"the devil'sowvn." If,'the members, of" the Couiicil. have not arrived at a forein' conclusion, and if they attach: any 'weight to the testimony adduced; the fate of the bill'should niot be' uncertain. It will be rejected by a large majority. . The saiiity, of Hamlet, or. the fitness of that melancholy, prince to become the inmate of a lunatic asylum, is.a question which, after a lengthened debate, and the expenditure of gallons of. ink, still remains Undecided. Nor can this be much a matter for ivoider, when we note in our own times such a wide divergence of opinion respect ing the state of'mind of individuals whom we have the'd opportunity of seeing in the flesh, as exists between the mnedical gentle men examinied 'on' behalf of the deputy' master of the Melbourne Mint, Mr. Vernon Delves-Broughton. Three doctors,, who' had' carefully examined the patient, and other witnesses who liad frequent oppor tunities of conversing with him, swore that he was perfectly rational. ' 'A' number of other' equally respectable' persons un-' hesitatingly stated that he 'wms entirely' unfit' to be "at large. That the 'weight of evidence weas in 'favour of the' latter hy- pothesis is:shown by the fact that after the' examination' of' Mr. Delves-Broughton, and "the perusal 'of a number o6f letters written by' the unfortunate gentldeman while at the Cremorneinstitution, the-proi; coedings, under the :writ of habeas, tak'en oit by the patient to obtain his release, were abruptly teiminated, and Mr. Har court's, lodger once more relegated to his care. Inu:this ease it is not toomuch learn ing, but too much hunting, that has made Mr. Broughton mad. ,The fortnightly appearance .f the Scots' Church Bill took place in the Assembly on S Wednesday, when' Mr. Mirams occupied! the entire time allotted to.the question in delivering a speech in opposition to the measere. u The, tactics of the opponents of the bill are now patent to' overyone: They' intend to " talk it out," anid thus prevent any division being taken or any formal' decision arrived at. Whatever the resdlt of the effort to dissever themselves 'from the Presblytrian body may now be, is now,. in view' of the latest' developmont'of the matter, of very' little importance to' the dissatisfied coiingregation. Mr. Strong'has himself cut the Gordion knot byretuirning to Melbourne, whioe lio is to arrive during the course of next 'month. He is iott to receive a formal "call, but will be able to' occupy his old pulpit whenever 'so 'dis posed' without .ubjecting himself.in any, way to the dictation or control of the . generalr Presbyterian Assembly. ' The "engineers" of the opposition. to- the reverend gentleman are.undoubtedly'."hoist by their own petard.", What ,the upshot of the business will be .it is': difficult to foresee. The fat will ,certainly. be in 'the fire when the lbete noire of.Messrs. Rentoul and M'Eeachren makes his reappearance, and the controversy be Tyet, further em-. biltered. 'et the quarrel, even as it now sJ tmads,,ie «,a very prettyon ;. ' b The incompeteney of the Railway Conm missioners has for some time past: been commented upon outside the ialls of Par liament. The principal duty of these gen tlemen appears to be to rush' ' hpecial about the country under the plea of 5' in specting the lines," to draw' their hianidsdno salary, and to persistontly'ignore the tom plaints of the public, who fot' theii siis are compelled to une,the Victoriani lines as their m?eans?of locomotion. Although they deal as'largely in promises as if they were Ministors:of the 'Crown, the carriagesero.e still asdirty, as draiughty,'and as ill-lit as, they were ten years ago. "Ndiib'of the im provemnents that were to take plaes under a non-political regii~ e are yet noticeable by the travellihg public., Even the 'duties impesed upon them by tihe act which 'allod them into existence have been neglected; and the returns and estinmates which they should have submitted to' the Assembly have not been furnished. It is to be hoped the notice of this omission by iiembers of the Legislature will have the effect of bringing Messrs:. Speiglit, Agg, and Ford to a sense of thbir, responsibilities. The management of the State railivays in the' days.-of ; Messrs. -Patterson, Woods, and Bent wag; theire~erse .of lierfeot ;:but ,so' fie' under the present, system we are real'. ising the entire'possibility. of the pdrforhiii ance of 'the operation proverbially known as falliriig oct of thl fryingp"an into the fire.", Sydney Smith has told us that "the worst use you 'can puta man to is to liang him." The wisdom of this saying has been exemplified in the case of the man Cordini, Sa erenohman, who was some three niofith i ago executed at Deniliquin for the murder of a cinmpatriot. '.Grave doubts of the guilt of the condemned ma') eiisted prior to his execution, and,.these have of .late been revived;iby a, rimiouredd' coifeson by.tlic real perpetratbrs of the d cd-ee man namen Stephenson- and, hls wifei, who iver&.the principail .vithnesess f6io;.the Crown, atlthe trial. The New South Wales police ltti uously deny- that :ordini !was jidlciaUly murderedj, and doubtless at.theit tiistiga tidh th' ddlifdssiof has beeh' rtractedi and the journaLl that publisled' it threatened with actions for libel.:' But the gnferal belief is 'widespread that the: unlucky foreigner was innocent, and it will'require more tlan the denial' f tlihe aiihdritiosito convince'the public that the wrong'sain waa not "done to- death" for the murder ofthd 'htwcrMszo*n. - -' 'The torpddo boat Childers, that irecuttly ran aground when- opi a.',trip" -from Williamustowii to Geeloig, has been docked and .repalred at a total cost of £45. Whether any official-enquiry by the naval authorities is to take place has not yet been decided, and will depend upon the repori furnished -by .Captain,:Payne and Sicitenant Scott, who!have been constit tuted a, f preliminary board" to as certain whether there is; any evidence of peglect,.on theapart of:-the,.officer in command of the vessel ,when the, mishap' occurredtp w"arrant a' Curtara' tial., . he loyalty, of the colony.is being putto a severe strain by the Colonial Oflice,, and there, is ,a- general. impression .that .in regard to the annexation, qestion Austra, lasia ,has been ." fooled." , There pre not wt gti'g signs, and portents that the patience of. ictoria is wellinigh exhausted.! Mr. Mirray-Smith's action in informing JLord Derby that he.. should, advise;othp; colony he represented not to: pay; the pro portion of the 15,000, promised,.contin gently on the establishment of a pro-R tectorate over Ne?. .-Guinea and the adjacent islands, has been cordially approped of here. :And; the people are begining to ask,f inisters. whether, now that we have fine, seagoing war vessels of 6our own, we should not idopt some decqisive, means of showing, themother. country we are in earnest, and take the' 'questin of, annexatipn,out dof her hands. Thle metropolityn morning journal -with tl.e largest circulation has ;fairly sounded the note ,f war. "Let' Mr.,Service," it' sa:s iha:Jeadiig,article, ¶ try what.can be doneby :Victoria alpno, or by Victoria' and' Qgeensland together, and let, us 'have no moro diffise letter writing to Premiers and Agents-Geieral. 'What is wanted is .an emlihatic address from one or two Parlia-. iineiits to the Crown; such.an address as cannot be suppressed, and as the people of England will road. , Wh?en; that, has been tried aiid failed, we may consider what, .there remains. to to, done." rAnd if the: present feeling is intensified, the course to bo theln by Victoria has already leeni decided upon. . - . * : . '. The.near approach of the great, racing' carnival of the year. has caused the .managers of .the various theatres to; use their best efforts to please their anticipated visitors, hTho Theatre Royal will ibeo:tho scene of a,revival of some of, theigems of old English comedy. such as I Tihe Rivals," the. "School for Scandal,"' the .," Poor Gentleman," . the ;" Heir at, Law," and " Speed the Plough," in which the veteran Hoskins, who' has strutted the. stage for upwards. of half ,a century, is to take a; final dieu of the stage. Thp Princess is to ie-open on'the 25th with English comic opera, and at the Opera House. the ,log promised "In .the Ranks" is to be pro duped. : At, the Bijou.s ( Fun .on .the Bristol" is found so attractive that it will, he .retained on 'the boards during the holidays'. , ' . . , . Octber,18., i,,., . . 