M I N I N G. Confederate, Taradale, Dec 13th.-We have driven the main drive north abont about 54rt. The reef looking better ".g met with a new make of stone aboni ,ft from the crosscut carrying gold which greatly improving in prosp^ts as we e holidays? 1 * ^ W a The trial crushing from the Federal mine » been put through at the Humboldt J^6 report which reached u s that 55 tons crushed had yielded 31oz gold and that this was regarded ™ satisfactory. On enquiry from fn antCsource we were informed that 41 load, borative. y^hled 31oz, which is eto- A joint meeting of the boards of directors of the New Rising Bun and Coliban companies was arranged to be heldyesteT day to discufs terms of amalgamation Only two of the Coliban directors put ^ an appearance and the meeting con™ quently lapsed. ° 6e ' In the Melbourne County Court yester day, before his Honor Judge Cope Mr John Taylor, Bharebroker, of Palm street, Fitzroy, sued Mr Samuel Barber' hide merchant, of Myers street, Geelom/ for L613s 4d, the amount of loss sustained by the plaintiff by selling fifty shares in the South Aroona Gold Mining Companv Malmsbury, at the defendant's rislCtiie defendant havmg_refused. to. accept them. The defence was that tha H efendant Sid not ' order the shares. His Honor, however after hearing the evidence, gave a verdict for the plaintifflfor^the amount claimed with L6 6s 6d costs. " The Mosquito" hums in the beniha Independent of Saturday last to the fol lowing tune :—Thirty calls and one divi" dend was pretty good for Kyneton last Wednesday. The dividend was from the Queen's Birthday, but the calls were from everywhere, even the Egyptian, which a couple of months ago were worth 55s being on the black list for one shill.ng! Kyneton cannot long keep the ghost walking at this rate. However, it is too soon yet to give things up for lost. There is gold in the district, but it has been woefully overdone. The excitement has now pretty nearly burst, thus verifying my prediction that it would be over before Christmas, and early next year we must keep an eye on the Kyneton papers for insolvencies and forced sales by auction. Verily our ubiquitous youn^ auctioneer, Dick O'Neill, has his turn 10 come. Nevertheless, some half-a-dozen companies may find it profitable to keep on; the rest will not, and hundreds and i hundred of.'pounds spent out the Aroona way, indeed everywhere else than alon» the Birthday line and at Lauriston, have been lost for ever. We know from Sandhurst experience, and indeed from the experience of all the old r and well worked goldfields, that the payable auriferous areas are as mere specks compared with the great blotches which min ng surveyors mark on their maps as auriferous countiy. It is all auriferous, of course, in the geological sense ot an ounce to the acre, but somehow or other, it is only in the quarter and half-mile sections that half ounces and ounces to the load are obtainable. 