ELECTIONEERING TACTICS IN MOIRA. " "We very mnch fear that not a few of the electors of Moira may, in their fear of a shadow, endanger their own iuterests iu s. thpir attempt to escape from tbe imagi- >.aiary ghost. A strenuous attempt is, 9? weare aware, being made to bring the Protection and education questions to the front, to the neglect of more pressing, '' although, we admit, not more important, T,. questions. For, wa maintain that while .0 the subjects of irrigation, of railway ex- ir tension, of municipal law. amendment, of a re-division of the electorate, and a fairer representation in the Assembly, are all, be'sides being of the highest mo- , ' ment to the constituency, " likely to en- 0" £aSe th0 attention of the present Parlia- ment, there is not the remotest chance :t of either of the other equally weighty questions demanding the consideration ' of the Legislature. And if either of " them was by sorno ill-advised action of .r:an intemperate member forced upon the : notice of . Parliament, it would only be laughed oat of either Hoase, in face of 'i Ihe pronounced opinion of an immense "majority of the people of Victoria. No " earthly power could, in the present tern: : per of the great bulk of the inhabitants of this colony, interfere with either the existing- tariff or the education system, in the direction in which it is pretended, \- "for obviously partisan reasons, there is >' cause for alarm. That it is a pretence is transparent; as even the alarmists l< themselves admit that the position of both Protectionists and seeularists is \- impregnable, if not absolutely unassail- \- able, for years to come. Nothing, how- \- ever, is so contagious as a panic, and these scare- crowB are set up by a few designing men, and believed in by the great crowd of followers, who are more credulous of bugbears than sensible of their real interests and actual possibili ties. They are thus easily led to discard \- what essentially concerns them in a head long flight from ideal dangers, and for- 8akn the ground which tbey ought to ho d if they ever intend to go forward in tho path of legislative and material pro gress." "For instance; what share will the electorate of Moira over have in legislation for. itself and the country if it is to be represented, or misrepresented, . to some "old hat," simply -ticketed, "Beware of Free-trade /man-traps and . denominational spring-gans in .the oppor git.e paddock ?" Now, we. will venture to say that there is not one single reasonable man in' this colony, -no imatter- how Btrongly he may be in favor of Free Trade or of the Roman Catholic and .other . churches which believe in some ki$d of religions education, who would advise . any prosent interference with the tariff er witu me oroa/i principle iaia aowo in the secular clauses of the Education ' Act. For instance, it is well known that j we look upon Protection as a moustrous ' and suicidal policy, and believe with the 1 Anglican Bishop of Melbourne and many \- otter liberal Episcopah'ans that religion ' .ought to be blended with all.-'adHc&tion;, whether it be paid for by the. Slate or not. But we have no hesitation -in Baying that, in view of the opinion which bo gene rally exielspi) both these points, and although we/ continue to argue on onr own. side, fgr" the ntpose of con- yineing our opponents, j"f jpjtpsible, we would Btrongly disapprove of any action in the present Parliament, having for its object the raising of these questions at this moment. And our disapproval would he oa the ground that it would not only he premature and useless, but that it would _be mischievous- mischievous in raising a re ". controversv and in hnr ting : Iho cause it pretended to advocate, his being e last day on which nominations can be entered with the retarning-officer at Benalla, we shall not know unL this evening how many of those who allowed their names to be mentioned in connec tion with .the election will actually face the constituency. But we believe that the number will be not mora than five, nor less than four. Mr George Grahaji, of Wunehnu, Mr James M'Lean, ofShep- parton, and Mr D. G. M'Carthy O'Leary, of Benalla, have already publicly declared their intention to stand, and we believe Mr Inglis is almost equally cer tain to " give the constituency one more chance." Mr O'Leary addressed about 500 of tbe electors at Benalla on lnes day night, and, having attentively listened to his programme, delivered 111 his usual plain and masterly style, they rewarded r. Imenc cnfcfl of con- His enorts oy a uudutmu - fidence. In alluding 'o his probable opinions upon debatable questions, we did not think it worth wnile to inquire what he thought as to federa- ti'ori or annexation, as there seems to be a consensus of opinion in Australia on these subjects— with the single ex ception, perhaps,- of Er Quick. As to what Mr O'Leary wouIiI be' prepared to do in the matter of Free Trade or Protection, he allows us to guess how far, arid no farther, he would |be pre pared to go in the. direction of , the former by stating that,. ' "He would lend his aid. to. remove the iniquitous taxes on .implements of labor. . We imagine that a large majority of staunch Protectionists would go' with him so far: and this guarantee is certainly in the nature of a pledge that he. would not go beyond this .limit. With - re- o-ard to the education question, which is to be made the handle of. the 'ever with which it is sought - to oust Mr O'Leary, he goes even further than we' ventured to give him credit for, as he not only- pledges himself not to interfere with the Act in the manner which his enemies — for thoy can scarcely he regarded as fair opponents— impute to him, but " solemnly assured" his hearers, the constituency and ths colony, "lhar; he would 'strenuously oppose any altera tion or modification of that measure, un less put to the country as ft distuict issue." No .language could be more explicit or unmistnkahle ; and if it does not disarm those whose, opposition to M> O'Leary rests on this ground alone, then nothing can satisfy them.' But even were Mr O'Leary returned without giving any such pledges, his opponents need have no fear of his endeavoring to. overturn tbe secular clauses of the Act> any more than he would attempt the equally im possible task of checking the flow of tho Ynrra. He is far too observant not tc recognise that neither would be possible, and too wise to attempt impossibilities. He will address the electors this (Thurs day) afternoon at Milawa, and this eveu- ing at the Theatre Royal, Wangaratta, when those present will have a still better opportunity, with the light afforded by his opening address, of explaining any point on which they may think he hfts not been definite or comprehensible enough. 