CAULFIELD TRAINING NOTES. Yesterday morning was showery till nearly all tho horses had gono through their work. The course showed very plainly the results of Satur- day'- galloping, the tracks of tbe nnmerous competitors being clearly indicated, moreospo- i cully over the jmops in front of the stand ; but tbe back. of tbe coarse has not Buffered to sny of 5no weifoer, intends to havo the grass open this moruiug to trainers.- Yesterday thero was only the middlo track available to do work upon, and jt was of a holding nature, consequently but little fast work was done, with tbe exception of Scaramouch and Melodious. Tbo latter put in two good spirts after cantering, but mado a bit of a slip in rounding Iho turn from tho straight, fortanatolywithouiatiysctiour.damagetobcrsel for O'Brien, who rode tbo filly. Tho inner track was in many places covered with large pools of wator, and this favirito going oi sieoplochaseraand others conld not bo utilised. Tho nature of tho ground and tho attention that will bo 1 csiowcd upon it by tho custodian will soon remedy the.-o defects if he is asaistcd by fiuo weather. Con nolly was tho first lo put in an ap pearance with his largo string, doing walk ing exercise till tho rain began to clr off, when thoy workod separately on tho middle track. Robinson had Merry Kenollft and Vivian doiug useful work, tho former sliding ab'Dg, and eagor to go. Tho Cup horeo Cupola went two rounds at a medium paco canter. !)iginl>othnui next orrnred with his team in Inditu file, end sent Lo Grand with neck clothes and hooi on, O'Brien up, in company with Capri, thrco good rounds, fast at the end, tho champion going along another furlong, and pulling up strong. Kglington, looking big, with Tiesuo, cantered and Bpirtcd a couplo oi' rounds. HigiubotUam, on lion Quixote, was doing modorato work se parately, an(i wen, a couplo of turn, tho horso Rpparently very anxious Lo get along a bit faster. Batty, 011 Ontario, with De ceiver, Siuis up, Umhcrto nnd Yately, all st-'ihlo companions, wcro treated to their usual work, tboC'aulfioId Cup horse doing thrco mild rounds at a slow cantor. Ontario and Deceiver wero put over tho iaraps, tho forraor negotiating tho little stickr at a good bat ; Decoiver jumped tho large- obstacles, performing very well, bat pnt his fov, a soft placo and parted company with hi jockey, who subsequently, nout ho worse for tho coofr-cfomps, got tho eon of Tonch- fctono over tho ground in a talcing stylo. l>uvis started with Dargo and Ditto, tho first of his string, to work this morning, but they wcro only allowed oasy «xercL3»\ David, who wentstruiigly, was not looking any tho worse for hi race on Hturday, and it is p'-bablo that if ho had bud u low moro of such pi;v openers v'iw# would havo been beneficial to his prospocts in tho<iuiue:is. Ditto and Camorlno joarneyed together, tho mnro ooing two good roands, looking well, and may re compense Mr. Davis noxt Saturday for proviou ill luck. Tho Ghost, Grace Darling, Hurra Burra, Nnncio and tho Maiden Plato winner, Norfolk, all in Rcid's stable, were cantering and trotting. Norfolk was looking blooming after his victory. Gray' i.tring were doing slow work, Gcsriior being in oxcellcnt rendition. Leok despatched Scaramouch, with hia attendant, Strnngler, for soma of the best work of the morning, tho fc. mer going a roal strong gallop, and finished it up nlono to tho od wall. Kingfisher was also on 'J10 back at workvs Tandsticker and Violofc. First Pop, Gilderoyanc rip.c tan sill worked in good form. Rapid, tho Sydney horse, who cantered, ha? peculiar action of tho hind legs, but whon moro extended at tho end of his journey, nioyod very nicely, fcstampodo was the last to ftxerciso hoforo breakfast. A number of the perfonrera on Saturday were absent taking a rest from their exertions. With tho present ap- pearaneo of fino woither this will bo a hnsy weok at Caulfield, as a number of Flemington horses are located in Uio vicinity. 