VENICE EUINED BY THE ' PAPACY. During .thedastfew years attention has' | beenr , to; .some . extent - ; withdrawn from;- j Rome ;in .her aspect aB a, great spiritual' power, .over ithe /'consciencer of men, to Rome; as 'the .claimant of exclusive ;.privil-: eges,:asithe foe., of ; political freedom arid; i national-unity. ! ;VV:hile'a , revived Roman-, ism in the first half of this century made Rome's theological position an object of inquiry, her recent struggle with the ' German empire has brought into promin ence what may be called her temporal claims, and thrown a fresh interest on those periods in her past history where she appears as the antagonist of national independence. Among the many and ever-recuring struggles of this nature, there are few more interesting than that which took place in the beginning of the seventeenth century between her and the republic of Venice. In the beginning of the sixteenth cen tury the power and glory of Venice reached their climax. The prosperity of the proud republic and her wide-reaching dominion, embracing as it did the fairest part of the Mediterranean Sea coast, ex cited the jealousy of the great powers of Europe, which, laid aside their mutual rivalries, and, allured by the magnificent plunder, united together in the League of Cambray to break the power of Venice. This league was productive of the most disastrous results. All the monarchs in the league, his holiness the Pope not excepted, joined in the scramble for golden apples ; and Venice was stripped of her finest sea-coast possessions. But a more serious blow was the doubling of the Cape of Good Hope by Vasca de Gatria, which opened up a new channel of communication for the world's com- merce and poured the wealth of the East into Europe by, the ships of Portugal. Venice, however, was gradual in her de cay, and had yet strength enough In 1572 to 'cripple the Moslem in the great naval battle of Lepanto. The final, and, in her case, irretrievable blow, had yet to come, which transformed the splendour of the Queen of the Adriatic into the ! sluggish-' ness'of modern Venice, and changed its busy wharfs for the silence of the lagoon,. swept only by the shadowy form of the ! passirig gondola It was reserved for the j Pope to accomplish that. . iu: In the astonishing, the almost porten- tous resuscitation of the! Papacy that ' followed on the Reformation and was' heralded by the Jesuits, Rome strength ened her hands in every direction, and was emboldened to renew attempts to maintain the supremacy of her. canon law,— -attempts which in former times had . so' often led to her humiliation. Natur ally the Italian states were in this respect! the first to engage her attention1. Paul ' V., an ambitious and statesman-like Pope,' ascended the papal throne in 1605, and > forthwith the demands which had been feebly pressed by his predecessors were urged with all the persistency and energy: of-i his' nature.. oHe immediately sent; missives to all ! the duchies and states of Italy ; but it- was over the Venetian re public that the papal thunder-storm broke in: all its fury. : It alone presented an un-; yielding front to the assumptions of the Papacy. In other circumstances Venice' might have treated the Pope as some scolding termagant or brawling housewife, andiiliwith an amused complacency humoured him till the scolding fit was overhand he was in a better frame of mind; but the peculiarly irritating way in' which .'her: liberties were attacked roused 'up ! the' wounded dignity of the old republic. . There were two sources of quarrel between Rome and Venice, which Rarike m'entions as s.the (chief. ' canse of chronic (bitterness and ill-feeling. The first of these was the tithe tax, which the Venetians : claimed1 the ! right' to levy on the (possessions of the clergy. Though it was only just that a class of men who possessed such an enormous proportion of the' wealth of the state should' contri bute to its support, yet even here the Romish curia intei'fered, and by a system' of : vexatious exemptions frustrated the object of the tax so completely, that pro perty computed to afford a yearly income of eleven millions of ducats yielded in tenths no; more than twelve thousand ; and the mortifying picture was beheld of a law shamefully evaded, and .of the wealthy being - relieved of burdens, which were ; laid on the backs of the poor, who were I unable: ton- bear. -othem;' But- another, and ! perhaps more fruitful source of discontent \ wasithe, demand '.which:; Romer made.ctoi | have the co'mpletscensbrship of , the press.; I To ithe V enetians - this /yoke < was-' apecu- : liarly;,g'allirig;;one.i: Their city; partly, by aihappy accident, ; partly on - accountriof i thepeacewhich'it 'so long, enjoyed, -had; become a printer's home ;; andlinditsifos-'r tering (.tranquility was "printed and sent ' forth1 to tlie (world-! the-; literature which; ! sprang into being; in the rn'ore, turbulent | and;: excited ( atmosphere lof - the' . other kingdoms oft Italy.! ; iTliere' Aldo took up i his. abode : and . produced ,th e ( beautiful Aldirie'editions of the classicSjLwhich still delight; the book-fancier ;; arid the Vene- : tian 'press had; no rival when . the Romish curia commenced that stifling supervision beneath wbieb it, immediately languished, and finally expired. First, Protestant books were forbidden to be printed ; then, again, all works', such as those of Erasmus, that in any , way attacked the Romish priesthood and hierarchy ; and, last of all, restrictions were imposed which could have no other effect, and plainly had no other intention, than the destruction of the Venetian press, and the planting of another on its ruins within the walls of Rome. Matters were thus in a condition of chronic irritation, and the base and selfish purposes of the curia had filled the Venetians with indignation, when an event took place that brought things to a crisis, and placed the two parties in a position of open antagonism. Two priests had violated and then murdered a maiden of eleven years of age. They were laid hold of by the civil authorities, tried be fore the public tribunal on the horrible charge and condemned to death. Forth with, before the sentence was carried out, the Pope stepped in, forbade their execu tion, and demanded their surrender. To this demand the Venetians returned a blank refusal, and found themselves at once in the agonies of a conflict with the Papal See. A noble preparation for their trial was afforded them' by the powerful . arguments and lofty exhotiatiqnsof.tbeir ' great countryman, Paolo VSarpij; iwho,'; taking up the quarrel in its judicial aspects, overthrew the arguments of (the Jesuits, and vindicated the position which the republic bad takenV'V At ' the 'sa'me time, his deep devotion to the interests of his native landj arid 'abhorrence' of the temporal power of the Pope, infused a spirit into his countrymen that threatened the greatest disasters to the Papacy and its claims. There was danger to the Pope in the very fact of a disputation, for even though he should come off victorious, yet lie could not escape a somewhat rough handling'; and the having to enter upon the field of controversy was in itself a bumbling token of weakness. But the danger was intensified to the highest de gree when the combatant to be faced was a Paolo Sarpi, furnished as be was with all the - weapons of ' ari acute dialectic skill' arid ' wide-reaching acquaintance with legal science. His calm mag nanimity of1 character, too, inclining to the extreme of cold legality, com pelled the attention of the courts of (Europe, and imparted to his utterances a kind, of oracular force. On him the eyes of Europe's statesmen were directed with the intensest interest, since all of them, Catholic, and Protestant alike, felt that, as their champion, he had descended again into the classic battle-ground of Home and civil'liberfcy; In Paplo ;: Sarpi; .(however; wesee: re- fiected the great weakuess__pf Venice in her struggle .,witffrtijef Pope. There was too m'dchof ascetic 'reservatiori'atfdi4bo littln of human geniality' and sympathy. As ;a"' youth, /says' Ranke, ";He s'pplfe'iittie, arid/was! always1 serious.155 'He' never ,ate riieatj and till his; thirtieth 'yea#' drank' rib1' wire ; lie abhorred lewd discourseY ' Hetri comes the. maiden,' bis1 companions 'uOea® to say when he appeared, 'let' us'_ trilk' pf something else.' ' Every wish, iriciihation, or desire he was capable of, was fixed .on. those, studies for which he was 'ehdidwed' with remarkable aptitude." :: He appears before us chiefly as ttio champion of a , proud and yerierable oli- garchy, as , the' repr e'serit atiye 'of !.ap 1 aris tocratic national pnde 'andwoundedl'dig- 1 nity. ' There 'is' too little 'of : that® sftlerri prptesf, the; .outcome, of; religious ' 'convic tion)' whicfii' 'not' ' long ; before, u had '/made® each putcn'bu'rgher ;';a pe'rSbn'ar,fdel>bf Eoirie)1 arid; on1 ;fhe';.Dutciiisandl'i!blariks had withstood; thef cruriltieS7-' bf :: ari) Alva, and baffled the 'prowess of ; a Farrieselarid a Spinola.' It was this Want'of the religious consciousness that formed the weak' point, not only ofVeri'ice, but also of Italy iri gene ral. About the iniddle of. the ' sixteenth century, Venice had become' the asylum' of a group of mori among whom were the famous names of Reginald Pole and Gas- par Con tarini ; the latter being a man of whom Pole could write "that' 'nothing (was unkriowri to flim/which the ' human ;riiirid'had disbovered'l'bylitSyJbwri ppweri'of' ; investigation, for iiri pdrt'eff; 1 'it'." ,1 ' In tbeir ' ' intercourse | with. 'each,,, other'; Mpira'tions', were' freely , given ''yenti;'torftafter ' ' a'; purer 5 faith1' and a reformed' Church ; an d ftlie® ' dr'eafms1 ''thby cherished' Sf. healing: the'Churcli'sLVvburids, j arid bringing; back5 into llerr , purified vfolid' i theihheep that had'' lately Vst'rayed'away,' I actually found; a practical" expression 'in ; Cbnta'rihi's 'noble hut fruitlesa' effbrts'at r the Conference of Rati'sbori (1541)" to bring about a recoriciliatibri'with thri'Pfb- testarits;;®' A.' stern 'deribuncer of simbriy arid : the® other ,'e vils '' w liicll® disgraced the Romish' curia, ; Gaspari Coritarini werit deeper than the -reform-of mere outward abuses, and wrote; a treatise on Luther's great doctrine of " justification by faith," a treatise of which Pole could say to him, "Thou, hast brought to light that jewel which.: the Church kept half buried.',' ".The goBpel," says Elaminio, another of the group, "is nothing olse than the glad tidings that the only begotten Son of God', clothed in our flesh, has satisfied the. justice of the eternal Father for us." Had, such sentiments spread lower down and become the possession of the entire people; had they laid hold, not only of the statesman and litterateur, but of the weaver and the wheelwright, the destinies of Italy might have been changed. But the oligarchy which ruled Venice had been of too exclusive and despotic a character to foster within it the , free-spirited burgher who, in the towns of northern Europe, had been such a firm upholder of the Reformation ; and Venetian Protestantism never attained a manly outspoken , uti erance, but was smothered beneath the load of plush-gown dignity and aristocratic reserve. It was like a caged bird that trilled forth a sweet song in the palace and the villa, but was never permitted in the free air of liberty to utter her glad notes to the toil-worn and weary. How sorely Venice lacked the grand support of a free-spirited people, soon became apparent. On the 17th April 160G the Pope laid Venice under an interdict, and amid the " hideous ruin and combustion " of papal fiilminations, pronounced the sentence of excommunication on the Doge and all the other authorities of the republic. This, however, which had proved such a terrible instrument, in the hands of former Popes, was, ineffectual to bend the resolution ot the Venetion senators. There was. a dif ference between the interdict of a Paul V. and that of an Innocent III., to whom he compared himself, of which the Pope was soon to beeome more fully aware. The con trast1 between an Innocent III. contend ing with emperors, arid casting kingdoms into the gloom of spiritual' death,' and a Paul V. flying with, a shriek at the throats of the Italian states, is somewhat like that .between the youthful lion that can strangle the heifer and Btrike terror with its ' voice, and the lean, mangy, bare- ribbed creature of old age that pounces with eagerness on the lizard and the mouse.-" The republic rose to the occa sion, arid the Pope was soon astounded by the issues of. his quarrel. All the clergy in the Venetian territory obeyed the mandate of the civil. authorities, and con tinued the usual services of religion in Bpite of the interdict and all its anathemas. The Jesuits alone remained firm in their allegiance to the Pope, and marched, off with: the host in. front,' declaring thatthey were taking "God with them out of the guilty land/ Affairs thus' assumed a most decided aspect. Venice ; had taken up, a position from which retreat seemed almost, impossible, and had drawn upon herself the eyes of an expectant Europe. Of the results of the contest we have two diverging accounts. The more prevalent, and that adopted by.Mosheim, represents Venice as victorious, and Rome as humbled ; but the more satisfactory view is that of llanke, which reverses the pic ture, and places the fruits; of a dearly- bought victory iu the hands of: the Pope. Were we to consider the struggle only as it developed itself at the outset, we would be shut up to the complete acceptance of Mosheim's view ;, 'for not only' did the Venetian clergy , ;disregard the Pope's interdict, . but a Pro.testant .Church.' was set, .up., in Venice ;,,and the republic, en couraged by the English, and Dutch ambassadors, bad all but decided on an entire severance from the Church of Some. Every link but one was severed which bound her to the Popish parasite ; but that one, still remaining, was strong enough, to bring Venice back to the choking embrace. , ' She, was wanting in that .very quality, that strong protest of the awakened con science, that would have' nerved her for this last and noblest sacrifice. "tJnhapp'ily for Venice the Pope could' do more.'than thunder anathemas ; and happily ,, for', the Pope, he was opposed not by 'the deter mined spirit of a. free and united people, but try the : wounded. djguity and : self- esteem of the proud nobility of a decaying state. While the Venetian; with a cer tain measure of entertainment could be hold the Romeward sky red with the ecclesiastical fireworks of the Vatican, he could not look ou with the same equani mity when the Holy Father, tired with anathematizing, endeavoured to stir up the great Catholic powers to a crusade against the refractory republic. Though, in, the state of Europe at the time, such a thing was an impossibility, vet the mere mention of it, was sufficient to disturb the composure of the most dignified Venetian counsellor. It was not easy to forget the League of Gambray. In view of this real danger which she had now to face, there were two courses open to Venice either to retr ain firm and run every risk, or to retire from the contest with as much dignity as possible. She chose the latter course. " The laws," says Rarike, " which the Pope complained of were suspended ; the two priests whose sur render he demanded were delivered up to him ; absolution even was received. Still all this took place under extraordinary restrictions. The Venetians proceeded as in an affair of honour, with a painful sensitiveness to the preservation of their reputation ; they narrowed every conces sion they made with restrictive clauses, and stifled its force to the utmost of their power." Vet we are forced to the con clusion that all was but an elaborate attempt to conceal her defeat. Oligar chial pride and traditional glory could not supply the place of religious convic tion and the spirit of freedom, and Venice required to . possess these ere she could enter on a conflict that iu the annals of civil and religious liberty would have made the banks of the Po as holy ground as the Dutch dyke and the Scottish moor. Slowly and with dignity wrapping her, velvet cloak about her, Venice retired from the contest, and from her proud position in the world as well. The Rialto and the Church of St. Mark remain to attest the departed glory of the Queen of the Adriatic, but no Sebastian Cabot sails in her ships, and the spirit is gone that reared a Gaspar Contarini. What becomes of the Infidel Leaders.—We published some time ago, (says. the Southern Cross,') an article entitled, " What becomes of the Infidel Leaders ? " by the Rov. C. J. Whitmore, pastor of the Trinity Presbyterian Church, Kentish Town- road; London.,1 'Mr. Whitmore stated he had come into contact, fd uri h g 1 his rai niHterlnl life, witli twenty' of the leading lecturers, /writers, and workers on' the side of 'unbelief . Of these twenty,' only four, at the time,' Mr. Whitmore wrote, remained',;: and of. these, three "were engaged in writing, and speaking accusations against each' other; and the fourth held a very doubtful position between Christianity and unbelief." " What had become," Mr. Whit more asks, ",of the sixteen infidel loaders'in London?" His answer was, "They have all left infidelity, have professed Christianity; and openly professed their belief in its facts tad teachings." Mr. Whitmore gave a list of the sixteen, in order, giving their initials, and the circumstances of their case. The. accuracy of this statement was vehemently denied 'by the local infidel press, and the whole story was roundly' declared to be a pack of lies. A gentleman' in Melbourne, upon 'this, wrote to Mr. Whitmore, asking for the 'actual names of these leaders. In reply, Mr. Whitmore writes : "The secularists know well, enough who they are — and were — who were written of;" and he gives the list of names in full. This list has been submitted to us, and there is no doubt of its accuracy. Convent Teaching. - Convent Schools are 'riot in much favour with many Roman Catholics. One of- them, writes:'to the , "Weekly Register , (England) abusing them' in no measured language. "!THe theology of these maidens 'from Convent Schools is," he affirms, " doubtless' of the soundest kind, hut their ignorance of all, that would make their work interesting to th'eVnselves, and satisfactory to others, is com plete;'1 I fear, indood, that their theology is a little too, good — too many of them' are so well instructed as to the fact, that no sum of venial' sins will make a mortal siri,' that' they scruple less abbut lapses from the truth than would less' scientific yourig women, , who simply know/ without fine distinctions, that they must' 'hot tell' lies.'' . The'1 writer con tinues Not only is convent ' training deficient, as I have 'said, bnt'I fear that The milieu of a religious house produces .certain had habits/ in the young feminine lay mind. It is impossible to help noticing a certain ex cited .arid gossiping tone in their talk of cha'pl'ajns and' the clergy generally, which is not altogether wholesome. And for inordi nate' or fanciful church-going the plain duties 1 of the house are too apt to be neg lected. For instance, though I live close to a church, my parlour-maid finds it necessary, in the temporary absence of her own con fessor, to go several miles to her weekly stirift." " Compensation " in Ireland. —St. James Gazette remarks : — Itceftainly is a " horribly grotesque result "of the Crimes Act arid its administration that a man should be heavily fined by the Government because his would-be-murderers have killed his Bister- in-law instead of himself. Yet that is what has happened to Mr. Barlow Smythe, of Barbavilla. His sister-in-law was killed by a shot intended for him as they were driving home from church together, in April, 1882. Compensation was awarded under the Crimes Act to the husband of the murdered lady. The money has been assessed upon the dis trict in which the crime was committed, and as Mr. Smytho'8 property lies within it he is himself compelled to contribute to the tax. Whether the proposal made by Mr. Smythe, that the townlnnd of Barbavilla should have been omitted from the assessment, could ho legally adopted or not we are not in a posi tion to say ; hut it seems clear that when the Act is renewed provision should bo made for meeting cases of this. kind. Fact. — The following story is sent to us from the country and is vouched for as true by a reliable correspondent. Tho actors are two servant girls a R. C. and a Protestant. R. C. loquitur— 11 I'm not going to that priest to confession any more." Protestant — " Why fl. How's that ? " _ R.C. — " Becanse I aint. Last Saturday night I went down to confess and the Priest asked me if my sistor had a sweetheart, I said no ! then he asked me if I had one? I told him to mind his own business. I'm done with that church now. I'll go to your church next Sunday, night. Our correspondent adds that from the tone of the girl's conversation he firmly believes the R.C. girl could have told her companion a great deal more hut was evidently, ashamed to do so. She commenced something else but checked herself. , Ailti-Clirist. — The Southern . Cross relates that " the Romish Bishop of Welling ton has been enlightening his flock on the merits and functions of the Romish priest hood. It must be confessed that the average Romish priest, as seen by the non-episcopal eye, is by no means "a creature too. bright and good for human nature's daily food.'' lie is Irish, fleshy, illiterate (save in patches), sly, with a look suggestive of a human being in conflict with a highly artificial system of suppression and rather getting. the worst of it. But to the Bishop of Wellington, all his curates, are glorified in this .fashion ' The' glory of the Catholic priest is thnt his priesthood is a participation in. the priesthood of Christ ; nay," he is, so to speak, another Christ.- SacerdpshaliChristuSi ..Go-to him, as ,of pld,Hie,enyoy8,,of tho .synagogue went to John :the Baptist ;,to'..the. .d-ahd ,i»qk' him who he is. If' Art (thou _ a prophet;?." Why should. I ,be a prophet?.' We navefho more , need of. (oracles. ! '.' Art thou. Elias ? '.' Why 8ho.uid.I,be,Elia8.?,, His.liour.is.not yet cume. He. aw.aits , the, extreme catastrophe of the world; "hpl art thou? Art thou., the Christ ?',' Ah, 1 ; ''there, ' is the . . grand arid sovereign question... Hearing .it, John (he Baptist confessed and . did not ' Retract, and again he ponfessed .that' he, was, not the, Christ., The. Catholic prieBt, ;hn'the contrary, confesses and does-hot, retract, (ahd again. he confesses that ho 'is ., the. .'Christ.,' jpr;is, this confession the outcome, of blind tad sacrilegi- ou, 3 ambition! Tho priest knos ..Himself ; he knows as well as you that he w.ap.born in sin '; ha hoars the sinister clamours of his passions ; ho is aware ..of his unworthiness .to-bear a burden, formidable. even to angels, and yet he confesses that he is the Christ. Sep, he. 'says, what I do. A child is born in siri,;' I say to him, " I baptise thee," .and he lives, to, grace. Again,, he needs life, arid strength, "and, I. say to iiim, Receive the Holy Ghost," And .the Divine Paraclete takes possession of the soul. A pinner comes with death, in his heart arid his arms in chains, and I say to him : I.absolvo thee from 'thy sins," and he return joyouB arid free. ' But it is at the altar you must see me. There! as the priest, I impnolate, daily the Diyihe victim, which ,,w;aB offered on Calvary, , Examine 1 the. , beloved . instrument I use for , the sacrifice. , I do riot, say : " This is! the bpdy,-tliis is the blood of Christ,'' but, "This is. my body, this is.my blood." Should I so speak were I but a man ? Christ borrows rhp.as a.living v.eil under, which He conceals His, glory, ;iri order.to exercise '.Hip perpetual priesthood! , ,He. is in -me,' He. penetrates me; verily!.! say to yqu,and,Idb riot deny, hut I repeat with cpnyietiori, arid , pride i " Sum ego Clirislus "— " I airi 'the .Christ,!'.' , , Comment; yfp.uld spoil .this! ' We charitably hope tli'at/tbe Bishop pf.>Vellingtpris rhetoric deceives himself,, arid rthat lie, does not take his own bIa?pheray.,ow seriewar!" Tlie Webb Prosecution.— Tho ju.dge on. dismissing the jury in the second trial !pf this.case, requested that no intimation should be given o£ the number of jurymen in favour of cqpittal or of condemning. Since the trial however one of the jury wrote to the D. T. stating that they were nine to three for guilty! This juryman has cprivinced him self than undue means were taken to influence members of the jury. He does not give any details; ,, nor, does. he say of what nature the meanB jwere. If there is anything in it, a very sericus.offenco.is involved, that is embracery, It ought not to be allowed to stand in such an intangible attitude. Such ghosts should be II had out" and " laid." Once a Month, — This is the sixth number of a " Magazine for Australia," whose Sydney agent is Mr. E. R. Cole, Book seller, George-street, containing some well written, papers. The get up is superior to the average of Australian ventures of the kind, 'arid this, being) the Ghristinas number there are soine. very, pretty short stories which cannot fail to, .'-please. The first of a series died "Gallery of Eminent Australians" is devoted to a. sketch of the person and the life of the Hon. Alexander Stuart, premier of N.S.W. Tbe Peculiar People.— It was surprising to Bee how completely the Greeks made that Parkes-Webb affair a matter of sectarian rancour. The Express put all its churchiness into'the scale and called for sub scriptions to aid the defendant. The holy priest Dean O'Keefe wrote a special letter of congratulation to Mr. Webb, with theendorse- m-nt " for, public use." Iu fact Mr. Webb is quite an acknowledged Popish, hero— for the time . Let him only exercise his liberty ofj speech or pen, in favour of the Public Schools, or against spiritual wickedness in high places, and then we shall see. Blessed are those whom such people revile and slander. Tlie Victorian Standard. — Wo liave received with much gratification tlie first number of this new protestant paper issued in Melbourne, as successor 'of the Victorian Banner. Tho type is clean and readablo and the spirit decided and courteous. We will. gladly exchange accordingly to the invitation given to us, and wo wish it long and prosperous continuance. Wo shouldbave preferred the addition of the word ' Pro testant ' to the title. But what is in a name? If we have tho true protestant spirit wo will not mind tho name. Tlte exploded charge of Proselytism.— Tho thousands of in stances ot attempted proselytising which Dr. Mornn publicly declared he knew of in con nection with tho public schools, by tho action of Protestant teachers, having dwindled down to two allegations regarding the Deaf and Dumb Institution and tho Moorcliff Hos pital for Ophthalmia. The former in its turn on inquiry turned out a Mare's Nest, while the latter was investigated and found to. be unhistoric. Whereupon the sons of complaint and of the. Church wanted,!. the whole... questjon ire-opened— addressed,, the Attorney, jGeneral on the : subject; ;aud vwere ready to, swjoar , before a Magistrate;. "/No doubt . they ..were, But Mr. Dalley!, did. hot agree' with tliem as to the' utility ;of jthaffir davit, .The Express, thorefoiro publishes the lie. direct to .the., matron, —who Is hersejf ,a Roman Catholic. " , . jT",'. ,'-;i 