Hot Saints. Br MRS. BOOTH. BEING THE OUTLINE OF AN ADDRESS ON REV. III. 15 : " I WOULD TIIOU WERT COLD OK HOT." Why does God like people to be hot in His service ? For the same reasons that we like people to be hot in ours. We have no confidence in half-and-half, fast-andloose friends, milk-warm adherents, who in times of danger wait to Bee which way the wind blows before they commit themselves to our views and interests— servants who will servo UB while at the same time (hey can serve themselves, but the moment our interests and theirs appear to clash, will leave us to our fate. We like thorough, whole-hearted, all-length friends, and to such only do we confide our secrets or trust our important enterprises. We may use the half-hearted as far OB they serve our purpose, but we have no confidence in them, no heart-fellowship with them, no joy over them; we would rather they were hot or cold, ^out-and-out friends or foes. Bead in your own heart aud mind, in this respect, a transcript of His, and see the reason why He says, " I would thou wert cold or hot." I want you to note two or three characteristics of hot saints, so that you may know whether you belong to tlie number. To be hot implies the possession of—(I.) Light, (II.) Purify, (III.) Pungency, (IV.) Power. I. LIGHT.—Hot saints have such a halo about them that they reveal—make manifest—sin in others. Tliey do this, first, by contrast. " What fellowship hath light with darkness ?" The light of God, flashed from a hot saint on the dark consciences of sinners, makes them feel their sin, misery, and danger, and, if they will receive it, leads to their conversion. It " opens their eyes," and, if they will follow it, leads them to Jesus. "'Almost thou persuadest me to be a Christian ;" " Come see a man that told me all things that ever I did ;" " Ye are the light of the world." If sinners reject this light, their rejection seals their sins upon them, and renders their condemnation double. " If I had not come and. spoken unto them, they had not had sin; but now they have no cloak for their sin." What a fearful responsibility rests on all sinners who are brought into contact with saints who are filled with the light of God ! Some of you here are living under this light. How are you using it ? Beware! Secondly, light reveals sin by antipathy : " Everyone that docth evil hateth the light lost his deeds should be reproved." The presence of a certain degree of spiritual light must produce either repentance or opposition. A dark soul cannot dwell in the presence of a soul full of light without either repentiug or opposing; if it does not srbmit it will rebel. It was under the hot blaze of this light that the Jews round about Stephen " were cut to the heart and gnashed upon him with their teeth." Tlie effect of his light on their darkness was to reveal their enmity and scorch them into a fury of opposition. When intense spiritual light and darkness are brought into contact their innate antipathy makes them reveal each other. The devil could not endure the presence of Jesus without, crying out, "I know Thee who Thou art, the Holy One of God." How is it with you saints here in this respect ? Can you get along with dark souls without eliciting their enmity? If so, depend upon it you have not much light—not that light which accompanies great heat. If you don't want to be spued out of the mouth of the Son of Man, see to it. that you get it. Thirdly, light reveals sin by reproof. Hot saints will "rebuke their neighbour and not suffer sin upon him." They are full of zeal for the glory of God and jealousy for His honour, and it. breaks their hearts because men keep not His law. They know that they have the light of life, and they feel that they must hold it up over the wrong-doing, deception, and hypocrisy of their fellowmen, in order to " open their eyes and turn them from darkness to light." You never hear them apologising for sin, or calling it by smooth names ; they feel towards sin, in their measure, as God feels towards it. It is the abominable thing which they hate, and therefore they cannot in any case allow it, pander to it, or excuse it. Hot saints will mercilessly turn the blazing lamp of God's truth on the conscience of the sinner, with reproof—pungent, pointed, aud personal, such as Nathan gave to David, Jehu to Jehosaphat, or Jesus to tlie Jews. II. P fid TV.—Heat cleanses, purges away dross, destroys noxious vapours : so the burning fire of the Holy Ghost purifies the soul which is filled, permeated with it; hence, hot saints are pure. They purify themselves as He is pure. Their garments are white; they keep themselves unspotted from the world. They improve the moral atmosphere wherever they go. Their very presence reproves and holds in check the unfruitful works of darkness, and sinners feel as Peter felt when he said, "Depart from me, for lam asinful man, O Lord." III. PUNGEXCV.—Heat burns ; hot saints set on fire the hearts of other saints. They singe the consciences of sinners, burn the fingers of Pharisees, melt the hearts of backsliders, and warm up those who have left their first love. IV. POWER.—Hot saints are mighty. The Spirit is not given by measure to them. They may not be very intellectual or learned, but their heat makes more impression oil the hearts of sinners, and stirs more opposition from hell than all the intellect and learning of a whole generation of lukewarm professors. The fishermen of Galilee produced more impression on the world in three years than all the learning of the Jewish doctors had done in cent uries, because they were hot in the love and service of God. Hot saints are more than a match for their enemies. Satan himself is afraid of them. " Paul, I know," said he; yea, and he knows and fears all such. Wicked men cannot stand before them; the power of their testimony cuts them to the heart, and makes them either cry out, " What must wc do to be saved ? " or, " Away with Him ! away with Him ! " Hot saints are not only able to work, but to suffer ; they can endure hardness, suffer reproach, eontend with principalities and powers, fight with wild beasts, hail persecution and death. V. To be hot insures opposition—first from Pharisees : they look with contempt on hot people, call them fanatics, extreme people, troublers of Israel, disturbers of the peace of the church, occasions of reproach to the respectable and reasonable part of the church. The Pharisees were the bitterest enemies of Him who said, " The zeal of thy house hath eaten me up," and they are still the bitterest enemies of those who are filled with His Spirit. It matters not that they have now a Christian creed, instead of a Jewish, the spirit is the same, aud will not tolerate " God manifest in the flesh." A formal, ceremonious, respectable religion they do not object to; but a living, burning, enthusiastic Christianity is still. Beelzebub to them. Secondly: To be hot insures opposition from the world. Tlie world hates hot saints, because they look with contempt on its pleasures, set at nought its customs and maxims, trample on its ambition and applause, ignore its rewards, abjure its spirit, and live altogether above its level—"Because ye are not of the world, therefore the world hateth you." It can tolerate warm religionists, rational, decent people, who appreciate this world as well as the next, and can see how to make the best of it; but these "hot," "pestilent," "mad," " fools," who obtrude their religion everywhere, who are at everybody about their souls, who are always talking about 'God, death, judgment, heaven and hell—away with them, they are not fit to live! Thirdly : To be hot insures opposition from the devil. Oh, how* he hates these hot, saints j what trouble he takes to trip them ! lie knows they are worth it. Many a Council is held in hell over these; they set fire to his standing corn; they rout his best- trained legions; they shake the foundations of his throne ; they take the prey out of his very jaws, (hey pull it out of his fires. He must do something; he sets his principalities and powers to work on them. Loose and feeble fiends will do for lukewarm people ; but these he must take in hand liinisclt, and try all the guile and force of his gigantic intel- lect on them. He troubles (hem on every side; and at last, when God permits, he lias his head off. Ho got Paul's. But they defy him : even when they are between his teeth he cannot swallow them ; they escape out of Mb very jaws to glory. And who knows the mischicf they work his kingdom up there ? Hallelujah! Our arch enemy is a conquered foe! Let me remind you, in conclusion, that, to be hot insures Christ's special favour, protection, fellowship, and our final victory. " Be thou faithful unto death, and I will give thee a crown of life." Whereas to be lukewarm is to be spued out of his mouth, which indicates special dislike, disgrace, and filial abandonment,. Whirl/ n-ill you be—hot, or ltd-ewarm ?—Christian. 