ADA LEICESTER. I (CONTINUED.) The woman, without lifting her eyes from the book, put her hand down upon his shoulder, with a fierce imprecation, and ordered him to be quiet. The poor infant dared not move again, though his face, his neck, and his little arms, became scarlet with heat, and perspiration stood upon his fore head, like rain, saturating his golden hair and Avon his oarmfsnts. TTm lift-fid Viia fioff, fives. ~ ? ? n ? ? ? — * ~ ' ? ? »» ' full of terror and entreaty, to the hard face above him, but it was gloating over one of those foul passages with which Euguene Sue has cursed the world, and the innocent crea ture shrank from the expression as had cowered from the heat. Tears now crowded into his eyes, and he turned them with a look : of helpless misery upon the young girl, who stood regarding him with looks of unutter able pity. Julia Warren could not withstand this : look. She was no longer timid; her very soul went forth in compassion for the one being more helpless than herself, whom she might have the power to pi otect. She went ; softly up to the woman and touched her upon the arm. Compassion gave the young crea- , ture that exquisitetact which makes generous , impulses so beautiful. 'Please, madam, let the child stay with me a little longer; I will keep him very 1 quiet while you read !' The meek demeanour, the soft, sweet tone in which this was uttered, fell upon the ; sense like a handful of freshly gathered vio lets. The woman had loved pure things , once, and this voice started her heart as if a gush of perfumed air had swept through it. - She looked up suddenly, and fixing her ; large, bold eyes upon the girl, seemed won dering alike at her loveliness and courage in , thus addressing her. Julia endured the gaze with gentle for bearance, but she could not keep her eyes from wandering towards the child, who, seizing her dress with one hand, was shroud ing her face in the folds. 'How came you here?' demanded the woman rudely. ' I don't know,' was the meek answer. ' Don't know, bah ! What have you done ?' 'Nothing!' ' Nothing,' repeated the woman, with a sickening sneer ; 'so you are not a chicken, after all; know the ropes, ha; nothing! I never give that answer— despise it — always have the courage to own what I have the courage to act; its original; I like it. Take my advice, girl ; own the truth, and shame — the — the old gentleman. He's an excellent friend of mine, no doubt, but I love to put the old fellow out of countenance with the truth now and then. The rest of them never do' it; not one of them ever committed a crime in their lives— unfortunate, nothing more.' \- - '' Will you let me take up the child P' said Julia, with a pleading smile ; 'see, the heat is killing him.' The woman glanced sharply at the little creature, half' moved her loot, and then pressed it down again, and drew back a little, dragging the child with her ,* but she re sisted the effort which Julia'made to release him. * 'Not now, the child's mine; I'll make him as wioked as I like myself ; but he shan't run wild among the prisoners !' ' Are you really his mother ?' said Julia. ' Yes, I am really his mother,' was the mocking reply ; 'what have you against it ?' ' Nothing, nothing — only I should think you would be afraid to have him here !' ^ 'Andyour mother — she isn't afriaid to have you here, I suppose ?' ? 'I have no mother!' said Julia, in a tone of sadness, that made itself felt even upon the. bad nature of her listener. 'No, mother! well, don't mourn for that,' said the woman, with a touch of pas ? ? sionate feeling. ' Thank God for it, if you . ? , - believe in a God; she won't follow you with her white, miserable face; she won't starve to keep you from sin — or die — die by . ' inches, I tell you, because all is of no use. . ? You won't see her jjrowded into a pine coffin, and tumbled into Potter's 'Field— and feel —feel in the very core of your heart, that you hkve sent her there. Thank God — thank God, I say, miserable girl, that you have no mother !' The woman had risen as she spoke ; her imposing features, her whole form, quivered with passion. Tears crowded into her lurid eyes, giving them fire, depth, and expres sion. She ceased speaking, fell upon the seat again, and, covering her face with her sbiled novels sobbed aloud. The cfcild, released from the bondage of bi0iK'fo6t».' stood'- up,f' trembling beneath the storm of her words; tut, when she fell down and began to weep, his lips grew tremulous, his little chest began to heave, and olimbing up the stool upon which his mother crouched, he leaned over and kissed her temple. „ . , This angelic kiss fell upon her forehead like a drop of dew; she dashed the novel from her face, and flung- her arm over the child; n 'Look!' she cried, with a fierce sod, turning her dusky and tear-stained face ? — — ? upon the young girl. 'He has got a jfiothfyr: look on her, and then dare to ? mourn because you have. none !' 'But I have a grandfather and grand mother that love me .as if I were their own child,' said Julia, deeply moved by the 2erce anguish thus revealed to her. — ' ' And where are they ?' ' My grandfather is here.' 'Here! How came it about? What is he charged with ?' Julia's lips grow pale at the word ' mur . der !' Even the woman seemed appalled by the mention of a crime so much more serious than she had expected. ' But you— they do not charge you with murder?' she questioned in a subdued voice. ' No !' said Julia innocently. ' They charge me with being a witness !' Once more a torrent of fiery imprecations burst from the lips of this miserable woman — imprecations against a law hideous almost as her own sins. Julia recoiled, aghast, beneath this profane violence. The child dropped down from the stool, and crept to hor side weeping. The woman saw this, and checked herself. ' Then you have really done nothing P' Julia shook her head and smiled sadly. 'A beautiful country — beautiful laws, that send an innocent child to take lessons in life here, and from women like us ! Oh, my dear, it's a great pity that you haven't been in the penitentiary half a dozen times ; lots of benevolent people would be ready to reform you, at any expense, then.' Julia smiled dimly. She did quite understand what the woman was sn ? ing. 'It makes my heart burn to s«e you here,' continued the woman vehemently ; 'it's a sin — a wicked shame; but I'll take care of you. There's some good left in me yet. Just get acquainted with that little wretch, and no one else ; stay in your cell ; the keeper won't let them crowd in upon you. The matron will be here by-and-by. She'll be a mother to you ; she's a Christian — a thorough, cheerful, hard-working Christian. I believe in these things, though I do not own it to everyone. Kind, because she can't help it without going against her own nature. I like that woman — there isn't a creature here wicked enough not to like her.' . 'When shall I see her?' questioned Julia, brightening beneath this first gleam of hope. ' To-morrow morning — perhaps before — I don't know exactly. She's in and out whenever there's good to be done. But come, go into my cell— they haven't given you one yet, I suppose — the whole gang of them are coming this way again.' Julia looked up, and saw a crowd of women coming up from the grated door, where they had been drawn by some noise in the outer passage. Terrified by the dread of meeting that horrible old negress again, she grasped the little hand that still held to her garments, and absolutely fled after the woman, who entered the cell where she had first seen the child. The prisoners were amused by her evident terror, and gathered around the entrance ; but, as Julia sat down upon the bed, pale and panting with affright, her self- consti- tuted guardian started forward, and dashed the iron door in their faces, with a clang that sounded from one hollow corridor to another, like the sudden clang of a bell. ' There,' she said, with a smile that for a moment swept away the fierce expression from her face, ' I'd like to see' one of 'them bold enough to come within arm's length of that. My home's my castle, if it is in a prison. I've been here often enough to know my rights. If the laws won't keep you free from that gang, I will ! It was wonderful the influence that gentle girl had won over the depraved being who protected her thus. After she entered the cell, no rude or profane word passed the woman's lips. She seemed to have shut out half that was wicked in her own nature, when she dashed the iron door against her fellow-prisoners. Her large black eyes brightened with a sort of rude pleasure, as she saw her child creep into Julia's lap, and lay his head on her bosom. ' How naturally you take to one another!' she said, letting down the black masses of her hair, and beginning to disentangle the braids with her finger, as if the pure eyes of her guest had reproached her untidy state. ' When I was a little girl we had plenty of wild roses in a swamp near the house. It is strange I have not thought of them in ten years; but when I saw you and the child sitting there together, it seemed as if I could reach out my hands aud fill them.' Julia did not answer ; her eyes were bent on the child, who had ceased to cry, and lay quietly in her arms— so quietly that she could ~detecfc~a' 'drowsy mist stealing over- his' eyes. The woman went on threading out her long hair in silence. After awhile Julia, who had been watching the soft, brown eyes of the child, as the white lids dropped over them gradually, like the closing petals of a flower, looked up with a smile, so pure, so bright, that the woman unconsciously smiled also. ' He is sound asleep,' said the young girl, putting back the moist curls from his fore head. '? See what a smile ! I have been watching it deepen on his face since his eyes began to close.' The woman put back her hair with both hands, and turned her eyes with a sort of stern mournfulness upon the sleeping boy. ' He never goes to sleep on my bosom like that,' she said at last with a bitter smile, and more bitter tone. 'How could he? My heart beats sometimes loud enough to scare myself ; I wonder if wild flowers do blossom over Mount Etna ? If they do, why should not my own child rest over my own heart ?' ' My grandfather has told me that wild flowers do grow around volcanoes,' said Julia, with a soft smile, ' but it is because the fire never reaches thein ; if scorchod once they would perish.' ' And my heart scorches everthing near it. Is that what you mean ?' said tho woman, with a degree of mildness that was peculiarly impressive in a voice so stern and loud. 'When you were angry to-day he trembled ; when you wept he kissed you,' answered the gentle girl, looking mildly into I the dark face of her companion, whose fierce nature yielded both respect and attention to the moral courage that spoke from those li young lips. 'Well, what if 1 do frighten him? We 0 love that best which we fear most. It is e human nature ; at any rate, it was my nature, and should be my child's,' said the woman, striving to cast off the influence of g which she was becoming ashamed. c 'And did you ever fear any one ?' t 'Did I ever love any one?' was the t answer, given in a voice so deep, so earnest, t that it seemed to ring up from the very bottom of a heart where it had been buried il for years. n 'I hope so ; I trust so — do you not love n your child ?' a The woman dashed back the entire weight ^ of her hair with an impetuous sweep of one 8 hand ; then with the whole Roman contour ^ of her face exposed, she turned a keen look & upon the young face lifted so innocently to ^ hers. Long and searching was that look. P The shadows of terrible thought swept over 0 that face. Some words, it might of passion, it might be of prayer— for bitterness, grief, a and repentence, all were blended in that look —trembled uuuttered on her lips. Then Bhe a suddenly flung up her arms, and, falling u across the bed, cried out, in bitter anguish — ' Oh, my God ! — my God ! can I never be u like her ?' y CHAPTER XXIII.— THE THREE OLD WOMEN, ® 'How do you do, madam? Anything in A my way P Capital beets these— the most ^ delicious spinach. Celery, bright and crisp enough to suit an alderman — sold five c bunches for the supper-room at the City- c Hall, not half an hour since. Everything r on the stand fresh as spring water, sweet as h a rose. Two bunches of the celery, yes, I ma'am : anything else ? not a small measure s of potatoes. Luscious things, always come t; out of the saucepan bursting their jackets; t only one measure ? Very well, thank you ! Cranberries, certainly !' a Thus extolling her merchandize, busy as h a bee, aud radiant with good humour, stood o our old huckster woman, by her vegetable r stand in J Fulton Market, on the morning n after Julia Warren was cast into prison, g No customer left her stand without adding s something to the weight of her market- v basket. There was something so hearty and cheerful in her appearance, that people s paused, spite of themselves, to examine her \ nicely arranged merchandize ; though all ' the adjoining stalls were deserted, Mrs. t Gray was sure to have her hands full, every 1 morning of the week. On this particular day she had been busy i as a mother-bird, serving customers, making f change, and arranging her stall, and now I and then pausing to bandy a good- humoured ^ jest with her neighbours, or toss a handful 1 of vegetables into some beggar's basket, t The words with which our chapter opens 1 were addressed to a quiet old lady in deep mourning, who carried a small willow basket i on her arm, and appeared to be selecting a s few danty trifles from various stalls, as she -i passed along. 1 ' Cranberries !' Oh yes, the finest you e have seen this year, plump as June cherries ; see, madam, judge for yourself.' ^ The good woman took up a quantity of the j berries, as she spoke, and began pouring 1 them from one plump hand to the other, I smiling blaudly now at the fruit, now at her i quiet customer. - 'Yes, they are very fine,' said the old i lady ; ' do up a small measure neatly ; they 1 are for a sick person.' Mrs. Gray looked over her stand for some I paper, but her supply was exhausted. Nothing presented itself but the Morning Express, with which she usually occupied any little time that might be hers, between the coming and departure of her customers. This morning she had been too busy even for a glance at its columns ; but, as hej neigh bour seemed to be out of wrapping- paper also, she took up the journal, and was about to tear off the advertising half, when some thing in its columns arrested her eye. She held the paper up and read eagerly. The rich colour faded from her cheeks, and you might have detected a faiut motion disturb ing the repose of her double chin, a sure 'sigrTof 'unusual agaitatioii with' her; 'You have forgotten the cranberries!' said the customer, at length, looking with some surprise at the paper, as it began to rustle violently in tne huckster woman's hands. Mrs. Gray did not seem to hear, but read on with increased agitation. At length she sat down heavily upon her stool, her hands, that still grasped the paper dropped into her lap, and she seemed completely bewil dered. .'Are you ill?' inquired the old lady, inoying softly around the stand. ' Some thing in the paper must have distressed you.' 'Yes,' answered the huckster woman, taking up the journal, and pointing, with her unsteady finger, to the paragraph she had been reading, ' I am heartsick ; see, I know all these people ; I love some of them. It has taken away my breath. Do you be lieve it is true ?' The lady reached forth her hand, and taking the paper, read the account of Leicester's murder and Mr. Warren's arrest, to the end. Mrs. Gray was looking anxiously in her face ; and, thought it was white and still as the coldest marbel, it seemed to the good woman that it contracted about the mouth, and a look of subdued pain deepened around the eyes. ?? ' Do you believe it ?' questioned Mrs.; Gray, forgetting that the person she addressed wus an entire stranger, i ' Yes,' answered the lady, speaking with apparent effort—' yes, he is dead. ' 'What! murdered by that old man? I i don't beliove it. It's against nature.' ' ' He died a violent death,' answered the a.dy, ehrinking as if with pain. ' Then he killed himself,' answered Mrs. Jray, recovering something of her natural nergy ; 'it was like him.' ' Oh ! God forbid !' ? The lady uttered these words in a low, ;asping tone, as if Mrs. Gray's speech had onfirmed some unspoken dread in her own teart. The noble old huckster woman saw hat she was giving, pain pnd did not press he subject. ' Then some other person must be guilty ; t was not old Mr. Warren ; I haven't seen auch of him, true enough, but he's a good aan, my life on it ! He's sat at my table — thanksgiving dinner, ma'am ! I remem er the blessing he asked, so meek, so full of ;ratitude, with as fine a turkey as overcame rom a barn-yard tempting him to be short, nd he with hunger stamped deep into every ine of his face. I haven't heard such a lessing since I was a girl. This man harged with murder! I won't believe it, bough every minister in New York swore gainst him.' The old lady opened her lips to speak gain, but Mrs. Gray suddenly laid a hand tpon her arm. ' Hush ! you see that old woman coming Lp the market ; it is his wife ! —Mr. Warren's /ife ! see how broken-heartedly she looks bout from stall to stall ; may be it is this 'one he wants. Yes ! how her poor eyes brighten. L friend in need is a friend indeed ; she ;new where to look, you see.' By this time, the forlorn old woman, who ame wandering like a ghost up the market, aught a glimpse . of the portly figure and adiant countenance that always made tht luckster woman an object of attention, ler pale face did indeed brighten up ; and he forced her way through the people, put in g them aside with her hands in reckless laste. Mrs. Gray left her customer by the stall nd went down the market in benevolent taste, the snowy strings of her cap floating ut, and the broad expanse of her apron ippling with the rapidity of her steps. She aet Mrs. Warren with a kindly but subdued ;reeting, and without releasing the thin hand he had grasped, led the heart-stricken poman up to her stall. 'There, now, sit down upon my stool,' he said, giving another gentle shake of the withered hand, beforej she relinquished it. ' You are tired and out of breath ; there, here, keep, quiet ; cry away, if you like ; !'ll stand before you !' The good woman had seen tears gathering n' the wild eyes of her visitor, from the irst— for if tears are locked in a grateful leart, kindness will bring them forth — and vith that intuitive delicacy which made all ler acts so genial, she left the poor creature ;o weep in peace, shielding her from notice -y the breast- work of her own ample person. 'Oh, the cranberries! I have kept you vaitirig,'' she said to the customer,'whb ? ? stood motionless by the stall apparently mconscious of all that was passing, but seenly interested, notwithstanding this seeming apathy. The lady started at this address, and, without answer, watched Mrs. Gray, as she iwisted half of the torn newspaper over her iand, and afterwards filled it with berries. She took the paper, mechanically laid down a, piece of silver, and waited for the shange. All this was done in a cold, strengthless way, like one who does every thing well from habit, and who omits no detail of a life that has lost all interest. She stood a moment after receiving the parcel, and then, drawing close to Mrs. Gray, whispered — ' Ask her where she lives ?' Mrs. Gray looked around, and saw that the pale face was bowed still, and that tears were pouring down it like rain. She leaned forward and whispered — ' Do you live in the old place yet P' 'No,' was the broken answer, 'I could not stay there alone if the rent vrere paid. As it is, they would not let me, I suppose.' 'Where is your home thenP Where is your family ?' said the lady in her gentle way. ' They are in prison ; my home is in the street'!' ' But where do you sleep ?' 'Nowhere, I, have not wanted to sleep since they took him !' was the sad reply. ' I walk up and down all night ; it is. a little chilly sometimes, but a great deal better than sitting alone to think.' ' She will go home with me,' said- Mrs. Gray, addressing her customer, and drawing one hand across her eyes, for their soft brown was becoming misty. ' Of course she will — I don't know you, ma'am bu$ somehow it seems as if you would like to help this poor, unfortunate woman. She needs friends, and has got one, at any rate,, but the more the better !' 'If— if you could only persuade the judge to let me stay in prison with them,'' said Mrs. Warren, lifting her face to the lady, with an air of pleading humanity. ' I don't want a better home than that.' 'They! Was it not they you said?' questioned the huckster woman. ' Who is in prison besides Mr. Warren P not Julia-— not my little flower-angel — you do not mean that ?' ' They let all go in but m e '.' answered Mrs. Warren, with a look of pitiful desola tion. ' I never said it before !' ' exclaimed Mrs. Gray, untying her apron, rolling it up and ^twisting the strings around it with a degree ^f ,. -energy quite disproportioned to th is simple operation — 'I never said it before, but I'm ashamed of my country— it's a dis grace to humanity. I only wish Jacob knew it, that's all !' ' Hush !' said the lady, with her cold low voice. 'There's One stronger than the laws, who permits these things for his own wise purposes.' Mrs. Warren looked up. A wan smile quivered over her face. ' That is so like him — he said these very words.' 'He is right! you must not feel hope less, or be altogether miserable — have faith, have charity !' ' added the gentle speaker, turning from the mournful eyes of Mrs. Warren, and addressing the huckster woman. ' You cannot know how many other persons are suffering from this very cause. Let us all be patient — let us all trust in God.' She glided away, as she spoke, and was lost in the crowd, leaving behind the hushed passion of grief and a feeling of awe ; for the calm dignity of her own sorrow sub dued the resentment which Mrs. Gray had felt, , like the rebuke of an angel. fTo be continued. J 