MATERIALISED SPIRITS. HOW WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE CAME TO GRIEF, THE leading spiritists of Croajingergoalong were elated with success. They had achieved so much in the matter of spiritism that there was little connected with the other world that was unknown to them. Tables had floated about the room, chairs had danced hornpipeB to the soft music of the piano, coal scuttles had performed the moBt curious of antics, and washing bating had been deposited on and under the furniture. There was only one phase of spiritism remaining unexplored, and that was " materialisation." At the usual Sunday evening meeting Blogson moved that a "materialising medium be invited up from Melbourne, and that at an early date, and that Jorkson, Snook, Boggs, and the mover, be appointed to make all necessary arrangements." This was seconded by Lobthorpe, and carried with acclamation. In less than a month's time a " materialistic medium " was landed at Croajingergoalong. He was met on arrival by all the leading spiritists of that thriving township, who presented him with an address, and did other deeds in his honour. A great time had arrived for Croajingergoalong, and the most was going to be made of it. The Saturday evening following the great medium's arrival was announced for the first display of materialisation. No less a person than William ShakspearewaB heralded to appear by special desire, so that the great question, Did he or Bacon write his plays ?" which had shaken Croajingergoalong 4 1 to its centre, might be finally settled. Now, one of the greatest adherents of the new faith was Martha Smith,store and shanty keeper at Dead Horse Gully. Martha was a widow with one little boy, aged seven. The late Mr. Smith had glided from this world of sin silently and swiftly (hewaB knocked on the head in a drunken brawl), and left Martha the store and the boy to jog along with. When the night came Mrs. Smith was amongst the first to be seated. She had Johnny with her, and to keep him quiet had stuffed his pockets with orangeB. This was her fatal mistake, had she but urohased lollies instead for er son all might have been E well, and the Croajingergoalong circle still in existence but this is premature. The audience was arranged in the form of a semioircle with two feet space between each row, so that the materialised spirits could paBs and repass without treading on the sitters' toes, or inconveniencing their spiritships. The medium, xn a few well chosen words, Impressed his hearerB with the solemnity of the occasion. "They were," he said, "now about to hold personal hintercourse (he said hintercourse) with the mighty and llluatrous (sic) dead, and he, therefore, particula requested 'no lady or gent' on no account to leave his or her seat, or obstruct the embodied spirits in their movements." With these few words he turned the lights nearly out, and retired behind the curtain that hung at one end of the room, and Miss Miggs, who presided at the piano, commenced to play soft slow music. In a few minutes' time a white hand was seen gently drawing the curtain aside, slowly, as if with difficulty, the mysterious white hand continued its efforts. Little by little the draperv was die- placed, and there, by the " dim religious light," stood the form of William Shakspeare. There was no mistake about it—there was the noble forehead, and the short curling moustache and pointed beard, and round his form William wore an ulster. Everybody present was thrilled with awe except little Johnny Smith, who was into his fourth orange. Johnny heeded not the "divine Williams," but skinned his fruit with the skill of an adept and threw the peel on the floor. The great poet came slowly and sadly forward to where Mrs. Martha Brown was sitting in the front row, and there paused. Then Bpoke the mighty dead— "Doomed for a certain term to walk the night ; And for the day compelled to fast in flames, Till the foul deeds done in my days of nature Are burnt and purged away." Moving slowly along the front row the materialised William continued— " But that I am forbid The secrets of my charnel house to tell I could a tale unfold, whose lightest word Would harrow up " At thiB point the sad catastrophe occurred that broke up the Croajingergoalong circle, and caused the materialistic medium to leave by the first train on the following morning. It appears, from what can be gathered from those who sat near, that the boy Smith had scattered the peel of his oranges all over the floor, and that the embodied William, as he came to the words, "harrow up," must have stepped on a piece. B=* this an it may here was a terrible crash, a shriek, and a heavy thud, and a pair of eels flying in the air. The lights were instantly turned up ; and. ull length on the floor, lay the medium stunned, with the blood lowing from the back of his head, and a plaster cast of Shakspeare, good deal damaged, lying a few feet off, and —— ^ But we draw a veil over the scene that followed. The Croajingeroalong circle is finally broken up, and little Johnny Smith is .just bout able now to sit down again in comfort. Little Johnny and big mother. T h e manufactured article "Alas, poor ghost." 