ODDS AND ENDS- When would you cxt»o Jt a man to suffer from a stitch in bis side?— When bo has been hemmed in by u crowd. Fashionable young lady dotacbing her hair boforo retiring— -"-What dreams mav come when wo have shuffled off this mortal coil f' It is said that sharks will not bite a swimmer who keens his logs in motion. If you can keop kicking longer than a shark can keep waiting you are all right. A collator of -autographs lately 'addressed a letter to General Sherman applying for his auto graph and a lock of his hair. He received the following reply without signature " The man who used to writo my autograph has boon dis missed, and as my orderly is bald 1 regret my in ability to comply with yoar wishes." Tooetuer thoy wore looking over the papor. " 0 ray, how funny," said she. " What is it ?" ho asked. "Why, hero's an advertisement Xh/A says 'no reasonable offer refused.' " " Whart so odd about that?" M Nothing, nothing," stio replied, trying to blush, " only those are exactly my sentiments." If that young man hadn't taken the hint and proposed then and there she " I can swim the whirlpool at Niagara," said a strangor in a confidential whisper to a hardware- man in New York. "Can you?" " I feel that I can. I should like somo advice from you. Would you try it if you were me?" " No, sir- no, sir, I wouldn't think of such a thing. A man who hasn't been in a bath tub for a year, nor bad on a clean shirt for a month, wouldn't stand the ghost of u show with a whirlpool. Yon1 bad better go and tackle a drink, of water and gra dually work up to it." Thf.y Sobb Him a ITole. — Ho was telling the Btory in tho billiard room of a 1'enver hotel. Said ho : "Thero were three of ub, you see, and Nevada was a cold climate for us. Wo wore dead broke, half starved, and clear discouraged, whoa along camo a New Yorker. Ho wouldn't play cards, wouldn't be robbed, and wo couldn't stick him with forged land patents or bogus pro einptions. Ono day wo trailed out and dnga hole into a bill and Baited it u bit, nnd-rnsbed baok and offered tbo New Yorker the big discovery for 8000 do, cash down." "And ho bit?" "Took right hold liko a pair of pincers. Why, he never even stopped to beat us down Wo got a cool thousand apiece, and made for 'Frisco." "Purty cool that was," "Well, 1 dunno. If there was anything cool in that transaction it was the way that New Yorker hunted up a pard, set miners to work, bought machinery, and took over 750.000 dol. out of that 'ar hole infiida nf piuHfc monlhB ! Maybe we got over feeling flat, but I guess not." An Ahkansas Irishman.— An Irishman was arrested on a charge of vagrancy. Just as he en tered tho court room bo met tho judge, and said : " Wud ye do a man that's in a baa condition a small favor? I do not ax you not tor sintenco me, for that's your duty. Now, wud you let mo have a nickel ?" Tho kind hearted judge could not resist such an appeal, and he complied with the man's request. "You are charged with vagrancy," said the judge a few moments later. " What havo you to Buy in retard to the charge?" "I say that I am not guilty. Here tho police man who made the arrest stopped forward and testified to the effect that the prisoner was never known to work, and that he had no means of support. " I am afraid you are guilty," said the judge. " An I am not, yer honor. I have means av support. A man's niver broke as long &s; he's got money, and as long as he's got money he ain't a vagrant. I'll show ye that I hav' meanB," and ho produced the nickol the judge had given him. "Here is mopey, sir, an' as long sb I nav' it yoa can't sentence me. Just dismiss tho court judge, give mo another nickol, an' we'll hav' tho uoer for tbo two av us. " — A rJ:amas Traveller. A Medijrval Romance. — Hildebrund de Mont morency knelt at tho foet of Yoiande Taveaour. "Lady, command me a duty to test my love," said the impassioned knight. " Sir Hildebrand," rejoinod tho damsel, "often hast thou promised to do deeds of high enterprise in my n&mc.; Know that tbo king of Abyssinia has ono fair daughter, whom ho guards from all tho world. She haB never scon the face of man, savo her father and hor brothers, for tho king sweareth that she is a pearl of great price, and that thero lives no man worthy of her. The. courtyard of her palace is guarded by five-and-twenty trained lions who rend all intruders. In hor seclusion this fast princess has learned a gre vtsocret. She knoweth bow to do up ber back hair without filling her mouth with hairpins. I command you to travel to Abyssinia, learn her secret, and return to me ere a year passes." So saying, she gave her colors — a scarf composed of two shades of ocru, bound with tilleul, shirred and cnt bias —to tbo good knight, who thereupon set out on his quest. Scarcely bad tho sound of the hoof- beats of the knight's palfrey died away in tho flia+nnfr u'linii tlmrn .-.men frnm n nainlil.n.!nif pomegranate grove the strains of a melody of passing sweetness. Opening in 0-8 time in C minor, tho melody, after a series of nrpogeioB in B flat major, was skilfully developed by the in version of the dominant seventh, and passed into A, whence, after a brief succession of mordents writton in close eountorpoint, it was taken up by a cadenza, and ended in one long drawn resolution of six consecutive fifths, allegro, OBsai, sforzando, sh&rzo;, a mono mosso. "By my halidom," said tho lady, "an angel with his voice tuned to concert pitch could scarce sing Bwooter than your strain." Scarcely had theso words passed ber lips when Blonde!, the minstrel, knolt bofore her, tho opbicleide, tho favorite instrument of modimval minstrelsy, being drawn in a cart behind him. " Lady, an thou lovost roe, substrains shall echo around thee all tby life, even though tbo neigh- bora should sot up opposition with accordions." " MinBtrel," rejoined tho fair one, "thy songs aro sweet, and fain would I give thoo the rich roword thou cravest, though 1 know many music tcachera' wives have to Hvo in extremely ineligible 'flata ; but as I havo sot a task to tho good knight Sir Hildobrand de Montmorency, it is but fitting one should be assigned thee to teat thy truth. Know, then, that there dwellest on a high rock in the Rivor Rhine, in Almayno. a maiden wondrous fiiir, who singeth a song that bringeth uer lovers irora iurana near, rvoo 10 mm woo is drawn to tho rock whoreon she sings. She seizes him and carries him to hor enchanted palaco in the river's depths, whence ho never re appears. I charge thee to go to Almayno ; tran scribe this song. Bo not lured by tho Loroloi, but' bring mo buck tho authorised scoro of the songj with full orchestra! parts. No pianoforte ecoro with instrumental indications will bo accepted at this shop." " Lady," firmly answered tlio minstrel, " an' I do not thy behoat I were only fit to be librarian to a circusand," and after broathing out bis sonl in one impasaionod cadenza on the opbicleide. he dopartod on bis way. Thero lackod but a day of a year since the knight and the minstrel departed when they reaohed tho castle gate again from tbo successful , completion of thoir tasks. But, alas ! tneir perils were in vain. The lady Yolahde was wed to Sir Ahlegonde de Troville. Ho bad 'kepfe at home and invented ice cream,— Boston ZVan- icript. " , i 