BIBLE CHRISTIAN DISTRICT MEETING The Adelaide district meeting in connec- tion with the Bible Christian denomination was held in the Ashton Memorial Chorch, Stirling East, on Tuesday, Wednesday, and Thursday, February 5. 6, and 7. The presi dent of the Conference, Rev. J. Stoyel, pre sided. There were also present the Revs. James Trewin, T. Hillman, O. Like, T. Piper, G. H. Paynter, B. Kelly, J. Hancock, sen., J. Roberts, J. H. Ashton, C. Tresise, J. Foster, T. Allen, R. Lang, and C. Martin (a candidate for the ministry). Lay repre sentatives— T. Richards, A. Paddy, W. Stevens. J. Cornish, E. Sumner. F. A. Hains, W. Radford, and James G. Ashton, First Day. The Rev. B. Lang was appointed secretary, and the Rev. G. H. Paynter journal secre tary. Ihe first resoloiion introduced was—" That the quarterly meeting of the Adelaide Cir cuit having recommended Mr. John Pearce as a suitable candidate for our ministry, and as he has been laboring for some months past as a hired local preacher in the Quorn circuit, we request the Port Augusta district meeting to examine Mr. Pearce in our stead, and to report to the Conference, and contingent on a good report we recommend him to the con ference as a candidate for our ministry." Carried. A telegram was subsequently re- ceived from the chairman of the Port Augusta district meeting, stating that Mr. Pearce had passed his examination success fully. The Rev. O. Lake moved—" We are grata tul that God has spared our superannuated brethren another year. We are glad to know that they have been able to render some Con siderable help to the various circuits in which they are located, and that they have given cheerfully all the assistance in their power. We hope that some of the brethren will be sufficiently restored to re-enter fall work, but we watch with anxiety the growing feeble ness of others. Bro. Ridclift's health is too evidently failing, and his case colls for special sympathy. Some of us have been touched by his patience under affliction, and the maturity of his piety is marked by all who come in contact with him. We think it worthy of remark that Bro. Way is in his 80th year, and he is still able to assist his cir- cuit greatly, and his interest in oar work la undiminiehed. We all feel the value of these brethren, and hereby assure them of our love and sympathy." Mr. Lake expressed his pleasure at moving the resolution, though he regretted that the health of Bro. Ridclift was failing. Bro. Way, who was the pioneer of the Bible Christian Church in South Aus tralia, had been a most energetic worker in the Bible Christian Ministry for about 53 years, and was as zealous in the cause in his old age as he was when young. The resolu tion was spoken to by others and adopted. The Rev. J. Trewin moved— "That the Conference be requested to allow each circuit to keep all missionary money raised above the levy decided by the Conferenoe card." The Rev. C. Tresise preached the district sermon in the evening, taking for his text Acts xx. c., 28 v.—" Take heed therefore unto yourselves, and to all the flock over which the Holy Ghost hath made you over seers, to feed the Church of God which He hath purchased with His own blood." The Sacrament of the Lord's Supper was ad- ministered at the close of the service. Second Day. A resolution expressive of thanks to the Rev. C. Tresise for the district sermon was passed. A discussion took place with reference to the best means to be adopted to increase the connexions! funds The Rev. J. Trewin suggested the appointment of a permanent treasurer, who would take his position in conference ex cfficio. By that means the financial state of the connexion would be benefited. Other speakers followed, but no resolution was arrived at. The following resolution was recommended from the Adelaide quarterly meeting: — " That we heartily support the recommenda- tion of the Port Augusta District Meeting of 1883, that Bro. C. Tresiee be set apart for the special work of an evangelist among the Bible Christians in South Australia for the pre sent." Mr. Jas. Ashton moved—" That the resolution be forwarded to Conference." The resolution was freely discussed, the Revs. O. Lake, T. Piper, R. Lang, T. Hillman, and Mr. T. Richards op- posing it on the grounds that it was inexpedient, inasmuch as a difficulty would be experienced in making arrangements with circuits, the appointment of a committee of management, and the raising of funds to meet expenses. The Rev. C. Tresise said that it was a sincere and true motive that prompted him to offer himself for special evangelistic work, and he was prepared to stand or fall by the result. The Chairman spoke at length, and expressed himself to the effect that there was a demand for the kind of Christian labor that Brother Tresise had effered to undertake. He believed that there was a general feeling in the various circuits that an evangelist was required. The ap pointment of such a person at the present juncture would be very beneficial, and the financial difficulty could ba avercome. Mr. Ashton having replied, the resolution was put and carried by a majority of one. Mr. Charles Martin (a candidate for the ministry) underwent his preliminary exami nation. The Rev. O. Lake moved—" That having submitted Bro. Charles Martin to an examination on the subjects defined by Conference, we are satisfied with the result, and hereby recommend him to the Conference as a suitable candidate for our ministry." Carried. The ministers of the various circuits having read their pastoral reports, the Rev. O. Lake moved, "That after listening to the circuit reports we are grateful to find signs of prosperity in every place. Every report speaks of material prosperity, and some spiritual blesaing, and the future is hopeful, The people have co operated with the minis- ters in a way very cheering to the latter, and oar churches throughout the district are dwelling inpeace. The discussion led us to feel that special efforts should be made to add to the churches those who shall be saved, and bring the children of our homes and schools to give themselves to Christ and to our much-loved denomination." The Rev. J. Trewin, in speaking to the resolution, referred to the desirability of a deeper and stronger bond of union between the members and adherents of the society. The Rev. J. Hancock, sen., remarked that nothing could be done without a high tone of piety and vital Godliness. The Rev. O. Lake made mention of the steady improve ment that was being made by the connexion, and said that the outlook on the whole was never more hopeful than now, which was very cheeriog to the ministers and friends of the connexion. The resolution was passed. The subject of Methodist union was dis- cussion, but nothing definite was arrived at. The Chairman reported the resignation of Dr. Bagger, and it was decided to forward it on to the Conference. The statistics of the district were discussed, bnt on account of the combination since the last Conference of two districts, comparison could not be made with the present year. By comparing the number of members of last year with the results handed in the increase was as follows: — Members on trial, 39; fall members, 6; total increase, 45. The Secre tary (Bev. B. Lang) read a report, which showed the status of the Adelaide district to be as follows : — Ministers, 10 ; superanuated, 6; local preachers, 67; churches, 50; other preaching places, 2 ; deaths, J17 ; removals, 39 ; struck off the roll, 39 ; admitted daring the 'year, 1S2; on trial, 55; members, 853 ; total, 913. He mentioned that the circuit, missionary, and connexion*! funds had \\**m fairly sustained. A public meeting was held in the evening. The president of the Conference occupied the chair. Addresses were given by the Bevs. J. Trewin, T. Piper, B. Lang, and O. Lake. Third Day. The Bev. T. HTT.T.Ttf/w (obapel secretary) read the chapel report for 18S3,*s Mloirst— 'According to the returns sent by the various pastors we have in the Adelaide district fifty one district connexion trust properties. A new chapel has been erected daring tiie year at Myponga, In the Yankalflla circuit, at a cost of £275, towards which the«am of £290 has been raised, leaving a debt of £25 only. The pastor and friends are to be congratu lated on the very praise wortihy effort. Improve-, ments andtenovations are repor&ed-at; Younjj street, Adelaide circuit, at a cost of £140. Improvemements had also been made at Albertob (Bert A-idaide circuit), Sow The barton (Bowden oireort). Clarendon and ' WilloBga ( WiHonga circuit), Forest-toad and ' Mount JOoffcy {Mount Lofty circuit). The fc.tal income f or the-year from all sonrcea was £2,103 4s. 61 ; expenditure, £2,1363s.6d. Of the1 latter Bum' £275 was -spent towards the ^erec tiou of ttraUrponga Chapel- -and£5801Ss, 61. - bad been paid a8iat«restonborf0ff«dnon«y. - Paid to quarter beard by twelve trusts, £31 IS*. ; worfcteg expense*, £552 7*. ; debts paid, £237 -..number of trusts free ol debt, 17. At tention was called to the heavy liabilities of some of the toasts to. the district. The trus tees of estates woaW need to exert themselves to clear off the incubus as soon as possible. If the money paid as interest could be spent in evangelistaR the masses it would be a great fraio to tbe'clenominaiion.' The Bev. B. Kelly moved the adoption of *he report, which wasjearried. The district Sanday-school secretary (Rev. B. KsxcrJ-reaa the Sanday-school report, showing that tfwre were 38 schools, 2,86! scholars, and 288 teaehers. Total number of books in libraries, 2,764, Seventeen of the Mheoteiuri&olibnries.; Owing to the altera tion ft ttrdistolct comparison with last year conldjttrtbemade. Invitations 'were given to ministers from *ariom5mvter!ymeetfog&-and t&vfofloiring; xeoDUBMtKOea to the ©enference w«re made .- -AdeWae.'J. Trewin and J. Dingle; Port W. Bicharde; Mount Lofty, T. Piper and G. XL Paynter; Meant Xanana, B, Lang. The foUowlogmhilsteMand representatives . were appointed members of the forthcoming Conference:— Bevs. 3. Stoyel, B. Lang, T. oilman, J. Trewin, T. Piper, O. Lake, -3. Trense, R. Kelley, G. H. Paynter, J. H. Aehton, J. Way, and J. Boberts. Bepresen. tativeE-T. Richards, J. G. Ashton. A. Poddy, W. Stephens, John Cornish, T. Shipway, F. A. Haynes, W. Badford, 8. P. Wilson, and B. Stunner. The session was brought to a close by a vote of thanks being passed to all those persons who had assisted to entertain the ministers and representative;. 