SPORTING INTELLIGENCE. RACING. The railway authorities are making great preparations to meet the anticipated crush of visitors to the Caulfield Racecourse on Saturday next At least eight additional special trains will be put on the line, and, if necea sur) someo them will make double journey It would be a great convenience to the public if the railway tickets could be bought beforehand, and the struggling at the ticket windows avoided. Speculation on the Caulfield Cup was very quiet ) yesterday. Vergy was well supported up to 100 to 12 leaving off at 100 to 14 best offer. After her good performance on the training ground yesterday morning, Helene was in active demand. She was strongly supported at 100 to 3 and 4, and afterwards advanced to 100 to 0 with business done at the price. Colstoun was firm at 5 to 1, but scarcely any business was done about him Fryingpan was quoted at 100 to 8, and Martini-Henry, about whom a little business has been done of late, was at 100 to 7 offered. Other quotations remain unchanged. The following scratchings were posted yesterday a V. A. T. C-Hurdles-West Coast, Ringwood, Star, Sir Patrick, Mickey Free, Satire, Belle Brandon, Kit Nubbles, and Spartan. Windsor Handicap King of the Gipsies, Manfred. Countryman, Duenna, and Squireen. Steeplechase Left Bower, Tand sticker, Bulla. Maid of the Mist and Equity Nursery Handicap Egbert, Ringmaster, and Nereus. Selling Race Lady Susan colt, Mr. Lamond yesterday made an application to the stewards of the V.A.T.C. Spring Meet i! g, asking them to re-open the case of the jockey Norton, who was on Saturday last disqualified for three months for wilful disobedience of the starter's orders. The stewards informed Mr. Lamond that they declined to re-open the case. Some very highly bred racehorses will be offered for sale this afternoon at Tattersall's Bazaar, by Messrs W. C. Yuille and Co. The list includes Landsborough. 3 years, by Goldsbrough, from Minden a Blush (the dam of Zulu), Marshal Ney, 3 years, by Napoleon, from Beeswing, winner of the Hobart Nursery Stakes and Launceston Two year old Plate ; Sheet Anchor (brother to Anchor- ite), winner of the Hobart President's Cup, Free Handicap, Launceston Cup, and Elwick Handicap ; Solo, by Newminster, from Lady Susan (dam of Colstoun), Norfolk, 5 years, by Stockham, from Fleetvving, a very successful horse on the Victorian turf; and Blink Bonny, 6 years, by St. Albans from Medeie This male has won in Tasmania at all distances and under all weights. She is engaged in the Caulfield Cup (7st 3lb ). The sale will commence at 3 o'clock sharp. FLEMINGTON TRAINING NOTES. As many of the horses engaged in the VATC Races were expected to perform their last gallops yesterday morning, there won a large number of spectators assembled on the Flemington training ground soon after the first peep of daylight The early risers were well repaid for their trouble, for the various tracks on the course were constantly occupied for sev- eral hours, and the visitors had plenty of opportunities of testing their qualifications tracting as timekeepers The weather was dull and close, showing evident signs of an approaching storm of rain About half-past 5 o'clock Mr Morrison brought out Reginald, who was only asked to go slowly The Broker followed, and in company with Vasco was sent an extended gallop of about a mile Bnnkmun and Remus did some half pace work, while Sauviznon and Chablis cantered and spurted Nepicalhna.aftergoing slowly on the tan, was sent on for a fast round. Vernet, who worked by himself, merely did half pace work Allender was extended for a mile, while Gladys went fast for about half that distance Privateerdid a last round on the tan track, making good time Fryingpan who followed did a useful working gallop, pulling up as sound and well as his best friends could wish Plausible did steady exercise, while Commotion was sent about a mile and half at a strong pace all the way forward and Burford cantered slowly, and wound up with a fast half mile. Martini Henry was the next to appear, and the held glasses of all the spectators followed his every movement He cantered steadily for some distance, and was then started off at an extended gallop, going once round the tan gallop in good style, and making excellent time Bargo started at a steady canter, increased the pace as he went on, and finished with a fast spurt Vciutia and Remus started on the outer track, and after a preliminary canter, were sent once round at a strong pace Josephine and Impulse did a useful working gallop, while Victress and Footman were indulged in slow exercise Battailous was sent once round the sand track, which he accomplished in very fast time, but exhibited signs of distress coming home W _wick and Brown and Rose ran once round the tan track at a strong pace Phaon, Tremulous, and Magnifier did a fast half mile in company Despot accomplished a fast round on the tan, and Cairo and Wolseley were extended over half a mile Lord Wilton was sent a last gallop of a mile and halt, bringing Gratitude home 'The time made, was good but not at all ex ceptional Sir Modred did a long gallop on the tan at half pace, and Bristol, who followed, did similar work Hastings did an extended gallop of about a mile, performing his work in good style Iolanthe, Tremando, and Tempe were extended Anarchy and Royal Irishman cantered and spurted, while Arsenal and Danseuse rattled home for a fast half mile Bpin Guesswork, Meteor, and Conjecture were the next to appear After a steady preliminary, they ran a fast mile and a quarter Guesswork was undoubtedly superior to his companions all the way Uralla, Evie, and Monte Christo did half a mile at an extended gallop Helene then furnished a gallop well worthy the close attention of the watchers She was sent the Caulfield Cup distance on the sand track, and accomplished her journey in a state that greatly pleased the touts The time made was exceedingly good Sir Garnet did some half pace work, and the Agent was sent a useful working gallop St John and Survey cantered on the sand track, and came home the last half mile fast After breakfast Lesbia did a steady gallop at three quarters pace. Salton had a couple of slow rounds on the sand track Squires and felt sure did a fast round on the same track, andVergywas sent one round in clothing Proceed, The Pencil, and Denison did a long steady canter on the Band track, after which they rattled home for a span of five furlongs, 'The Pencil having decidedly the best of it at the finish Carew did a fast half mile, and Campania, after a steady canter, wound up with a good spurt There was the usual muster of cross country horses on the ground during the morning CAULFIELD 1 TRAINING NOTES 'I the morning broke cloudy, with indications of more ruin and there was a good attendance of onlookers to view the horses going through their preparations, business commencing about b o'clock by Mr Connolly sending J nendleas a couple of miles on the outer portion of the running track, the stceplcchnsergoinguncommonly well Centre was doing a canter on the sand, Mr Dargin treating Umbra to slow exercise '1 issue and ] Eglinton were working company the pair strode along the last four furlongs, whilst Midnight and Queen Boas did moderate exercise on the sand Cupola, after cantering, strode along at a brisk gallop over a mile, Merry 1 melts joining him at the three quarter past, and she led the colt throughout Cupri ind Legrand, with body clothes, were on the sand track, the pair indulging in slow work, they having done a strong gallop over a mile and a hall on Wednesday afternoon, when the big horse went well , and Don Quixote was doing more work over a mile Mr Gray sent Ironnand a good working gallop for a couple of inches on the turf He was for lowed by 'father and Gnsdier in company, who also did sound work twice round Northern Light andGashurni cantered round to the half mile, when they were set going and galloped home Struggler was doing some capital Ion' work, and Scaramouche, with Mozart, strode along briskly, for about six furlongs 'the latter colt then joined his stable companion, Wonga, for a canter Yately ran once round the running track slowly, finishing with a half pace run from the turn, and Ontario was cantering on the Band Both these horses were doing strong gallops later in the day, the cup horse over a mile and a half, the hurdleracer over a couple of miles Deceiver was galloping twice round the sand track, and went well, where the late annual from Tasmania, Echo, also executed a capital gallop over a couple of miles, and he appears a gay, nice mover Angler and Orlando cantered Rapid, with O'Brien up, ran a strong gallop over a mile and a half, but the son of Rapid Bay appears to be a very lazy goer David and Dargo were treated to moderate pace work twice round the turf, where Cnmenne also did similar exercise , Ditto striding along on the sand for two miles, and was popped over the hurdles, but he did not jump cleverly. Melo- dious cantered a round of the turf, O'Brien pulling her up She then went at a slow pace to the top of the hill, when she ran home at three quarter pace, with Coriolanus half a dozen lengths away 'The son of Tubal Cain afterwards strode a circle of the ground at three parts speed Violet and First Pop ran a smart gallop over the Band the Nursery Handicap distance, and the Bohemian was doing work 1" Lang's horses, were working, and Spartan strode along,; at half pace on the turf turn round, Gilderoy working mildly on the sand The cup candidate, Norfolk, in company with Grace Darling, ran a good gallop over a mile and a half, but after running three quarters of a mile the male had enough, and the Maiden Plate victor ran the remainder of the distance alone, which was the best gallop of the morning Umberto Burra Burra, Nuncio, and The Ghost were all treated to cantering exercise Sir Samuel and Tawl sticker were doing sehoulin"*over the big fences, acquitting themselves well On the previous day Friendless, was also sent over the big timber, jumping well 'The ranger having had the running ground thoroughly rolled the going in at the present in excellent trim, and will be closed until after Saturday s races AJC SUMMER MEETING The following nominations were made yesterday - THE SUMMER CUP Melbourne But near C.r elanus Bohemian Battailous Lord of the Lake Hapld Old Cold Hastings Favo Privateer Dizzy Nedo the Hills The 1'liuiL.e'r Bare, of Iolanthe mills Garfield Anchor! to Recovery His Worship Warwick Archie Brown and both Burraneer Neplcollina Bend Or Hilltop Tremando Alphabet Muscat Colstoun Rufus Despot Tempe Guesswork Mascotte Scaramouche First Water Wings Soldier Boy The Orphan Zcno Moonshee Butgoa Willeroo Tomboy Troy Preston Caliban Wanda Here a Luck Princess of Lorne freedom Kathleen Palarenda Prison Merlin Ellington Balmoral Friendship Sloth Ferttloa Maggie Moore Isononi) Sydney Entries. Bacchus Sportsman Tons Brown Gostw) ck Battn! to us Bryan O'Lynn Boscawen Impulse Saraband _r . Comet Prince Imperial Hawkesbury The Jew 1 Minumurra Sweet William Blazes Harold Lord Clifden Tramp f xi liner Highland Mary Snavcllcr Ajax J can netto Albert Victor Mars Ad a man tea Lord Exeter Little Dick 1 lee to in? 1 ue, loman Uncle Ned Maurice Twinkle Agricola 3 Young Australian A\ hool of fortune y Espiegle Dove Court At ether by Phyllis Cunnamulla Vedette SYDNEY TURF CLUB Tilt AMflVbRSUtY HANDICAP Melbourne Entries Coriolanus I obtain Battailous Lord of the Lake Rapid Old Cold Hastings Recover) His W orahlp Favo Warwick Archie Privateer Brown and Rose Burran cc r Dizzy Neplcalllna Coir Ned of the Hills Bend Or Rufus The 1 lunger Hill Top Despot Bargo Tremando Tempe Iolanthe Alj habet Guesswork Lnulius Muscat Mascotte Old Times Dictator Lord Exeter Brian Boru Espiegle Snaveller Balmoral Sydney Entries The Orphan Bacchus Sportsman Zeno Tom Brown Boscawen £1 oonah co French man Venus Gostwick Bulgoa Minumurra Jewel Hawkesbury Comet Tomboy Prince Imperial Keb ton Troy Wallangra Blazes Caliban Sweet William Battailous Sarubanda Willeroo Br> an O'Lyna First Water Little Dick Wanda Wing Fleetwing Figaro Kingswood Blackbird Here's Luck Soldier Boy Fugleman Bonnie Bee Princess of Uncle Ned Kathleen Lorne Harold Man rico Pal Grande Lord Claud cn Chief tau Twinkle Prism Raleigh Tramp Casket Agricola Sultan Merlin Explorer Young Australian Ellington Curfew Highland Mary Wheel of Fortune Friendship ' Ajax Dove Sloth Jeannette Honeydew Cynrio Fernlea Albert Victor Mars Wetherby Impulse Freedom Phillis Isonomy Espiegle Little Star AdamantrPA Torry man Suav offer Balmoral Cunnamulla Garfield Lord Exeter Vedette Venetia. TATTERSALL'S CLUB MEETING. THE TATLERS ALL'S CLUB QVV Melbourne Entries. Coriolanus Bohemian Battailous Lord of the Lake Rapid Old Gold Hastings, Recovery It is Worship Tavo we are sick Archie Privateer Brown and Rose Burraneer Dizzy Nop leal) i na Coir Ned o the Hills Bend Or Rufus The Plunger Hilltop Despot Bargo Tremando Tempe Iolanthe Alphabet Guesswork. Sydney Entries. Blackbird Balmoral Willeroo Preston Wallangra Siiav offer Sir Modred Saraband a Sweet William Caliban Impulse Comet Prince Imperial Gostw j ck Venus Figaro wW Boscawen Bacchus Falmouth Adamantea Freedom Wetherby Kathleen Uncle Ned Lord Clifden Friendship Martin Mary Garfield Dove Isonomy Bulgi la mia good Fleetwing Hawkesbury Sportsman Priam Little Dick Albert Victor Bonnie Bee Harold M an rice VJdotte Young Australian Explorer Orator Sloth Jeannette Cunnamulla Lord Exeter Ajax Statesman Pu) Ula. Espiegle BiUtol Moonshee ; Blazes Battalions Minumurra Tomboy Frenchman Tom Brown M and Zen of The Orphan Ferndale Tramp Agricola 1 comes Here's Luck Chieftain Pal art and a Highland Mary SPORTING TELEGRAM. (FROM OUR CORRESPONDENT ) "WAGGA WAGGA, THURSO w. The committee of the Murrumbidgee Turf Club have measured and laid out a fast training course for use in place of the ordinary running, and the greater part of its length is inside the sand truck, insuring a straight run home of nearly a quarter of a mile. The distance posts are not yet fixed. as the committee wish the track to be worn by horse exercise, in order that it may be measured, and every furlong marked, the course as laid out is a mile and a quarter and a few chains. CRICKET rilCO v Law Schools -This match, played at Jolimont yesterday, ended in the decisive defeat of the latter, notwithstanding their putting into the field a fair team for the East, J W Allen was the hero in the batting making 110 In good style He gave three or four chances, but his innings nevertheless was a good one Chas Alice and M Shane did the bowling, the former being very effective, taking six wickets for 20 runs , M'fehano four for 32 LAWN TENNIS. INTERCOLONIAL CHAMPIONSHIP. The matches (ladies and gentlemen's sets) mange rated by the committee of the Melbourne Cricket Club may be pronounced an unqualified success, as there were about feO ladies present to w Itncss the contests commenced yesterday on the asphalt courts of the M. C. C. The prizes to be given to the winners of be ties are a trophy value 5 guineas for the lady and a silver mounted pocket for the gentleman Mr W Riddell and Miss Riddell beat Mr G Higinbotham and Miss Higinbotham 16 games to 6 games, and Mr L. Raleigh and Miss B Osborne beat Mr TAS Weigall and Miss Lydiard 15 games to 12 games This match was very closely contested, the play at one stage of the game being greatly in favour of the losers, the scores being 6-2 10-7, and at the eleventh game the sides were tics The losers won the lHh game, and from this out the winners forged ahead and won a well earned victory The play of Miss Osborne and Miss Lydiard was very good, the former serving vet) well as. the latter returning the hall with accuracy Today) Mr L A. Whyte and Miss M Keane will play Mr W Riddell and Miss Riddell, at half-past 3, on the south court PUBLIC SCHOOLS SECOND CREWS S RACE The preliminary heats of the Public Schools Second Crew's Race were rowed on the Uj per Yarra yesterday afternoon from the Baths corner to with in a short distance of I'd wards boat sheds distance about one mile A very large number of the competitors behool n rates all friends mustered and followed the race along" the banks of the river their enthusiam tendering them I perfectly able miles of the best and close ness of the day and the road was crowded 1 with horsemen and vehicles The first heat between the Scotch Col- Lee of and Melbourne Grammar School was a magnificent race the former winning by little more than the third of a toatslctiLth the small boys from the latter sticking like leeches to their weightier opponents the boats never getting clear of one another from start to finish In those cond heat the broad shouldered and deep chested Geelong crew easily defeated the Wesley College the case of the victory being no doubt in great measure attrib stable to the inability of the collegians to obtain proper coaching until too late to do them much good The particulars of the racing are as under - FIRST II LATE South Station -Scotch College F W W oolrabo (stroke) 10st. 2lb , J D Horse lOst P W Armstrong Ost C P Krictmajer (bow) 8st 5lb N _ount(Lo\\) 5st Bib 1 -North Station Church of England Grammar School's H Pounds (stroke) 10st 4lb A A Taylor 9st 4 lb A Jenkins lost IL Osborne (bow) 9st (lib 1 Higinbotham (cox) 2 The crew on the north she received a handicap of half a length to make up for the a Wantages of the bends on the south station The crews came up as required and were set off to a cow ital start both strokes came into the water at the same Instant for a hundred yards there was no perceptible di (fe re rise in the position of the boats the cru s rowing at a rattling race at about 15 to the minute in our real form Nearing Brander's Ferry the crews settled down to 40 and the Scotch began to creep up and passing the fire we are dead level with their op of events ever boy rowing with the greatest \ edible determination f- entering the long reach the Scotch slowly valued until a little more than half a length to the good this distance the Grammar would not let them increase but continually spurting would fall a few feet and again drop back to their original position the Scotch rowing with great vigour and admirable judgment keeping the lead safely Coming to the pontoon corner the Grammar School began to creep up and the partisans of the contestants became greatly excited as It looked is thought the Grammar would wear down their opponents The Scotch were, however not to be caught napping and spirit answer inspect the crews went down the last reach at great rate and amidst the we wildest excitement and the vociferous shouts of the onlookers the Scotch won a glorious victory by barely a third of a length SECOND GRADE South Station Geelong Grammar School J J Robertson (stroke) lust 101 b J He the cf o 3rd inst. Sub 2 James 10st 8lb A J Bailey (bow) 10st 10lb F W Clarke (cox) 5st 5lb 1 North Station Wesley Cot legeR Uren (stroke), 10st 111 II Brookes list 5lb L. Davies 10st 5lb W Reilly (bow) 10st 8lb , h Waugh (cox ) 2 The starter wasf till five minutes in getting the crews away ovlnnto Hu ollie ous hitcrfcicutuof a j our" gentleman who from his, former experience an oarsman, should have known better At the word! go," the Geelong caught the water very quickly and rapidly drove away The Wesley Daniel) stuck to the race throughout, but were completely over- matched, and the Geelong, rowing strong!) and in excellent time, defeated them with ease by fully four lengths , Mr Arthur Nichols, as umpire, followed the race In an eight Mr Kerrigan one test as Judge, and Mr. Henderson as starter The final heat between the Geelong Grammar School and the Scotch College will be rowed this afternoon at 4 o'clock MELBOURNE ROWING CLUB TRIAL 1 OURS These races were commenced on Saturday last, and were continued during the week The following are the results - First IleaL-Thoncman's crew beat Leishman, after a good race, by half a length Second Heat Lethbridge beat Osborne by) a length Third Heat - leader beat Douglas by half a length Fourth Heat Franklin beat Ankorscn b) half a length with Hoot-Franklin beat Pcndoi, attire plucky and well contested race by a low feet. Sixth Heat - Lethbridge beat Thoniinan by half a length hot with Heat-Franklin beat South, after a good rate, by a quarter of a length Final Heat. Lethbridge (stroke), Cameron, Morrison, Weigall (bow) beat T Franklin (stroke), Harrison, Home, H Stevenson (bow), b) half a length, after a very good race ST. KILDA GRAMMAR SCHOOL SPORTS. The first athletic sports meeting of the St Kilda Grammar School took place on Wednesday last on the Warehousemen's Oriel at ground There was a very fair attendance of the pupils friends, and the programme, comprising IS event", resulted in some very good racing The lion s share of the prizes fell to ''free Lavater, who showed excellent form For 1rs Thomas s prize, awarded by) points on the open fours he scored 28, U Agir andr Speight coming next with other each The three races for old boys were all won) Louis Lavater In each case W Evans ran well for second place Henri Ho) cr was successful as starter and the masters, assisted by Mr H T A Lavater, were the judges 'The results were as follow - 100 Yards Flat Race (Open) - P. Lavater, 1, T. Speight, 2 II Agg. 3 100 Yards Flat lease Underlie Years' Age, 1, \- Parsons, 2 J Turner, J 100 Yards Not Race (Old Boys) -L Lavater, H, W. Evans, 2. Running High Jump (Open) -Webb, J, P Lavater, 2, T Speight 3 100 Yards Flat Race (Under 12 Years). Winter, 1 ; Grant, 2 , O Donnell S 20O "V lords I have Race (Old Boys) -L Xayator, 1 : W Evans 2 440 Yards Handicap Flat Race (Open) -P Lavater, 1, H Agg, 2 J Scott, 3 150 Yards Flat Race (under 15) cars) -G La van ter, 1, A Agg 2, W Turner, 2 100 Yards Egg and Spoon Race (Open) -E Turner, 1 ; O'Donnell, 2. 200 Yards Flat Race (under 10 years) -H Agg, 1 6 Lavater, 2, F Turner, 3 200 Yards Hurdle Race (Open) -P Lavater, 11 Speight, 2, Webb, 3 100 Yards Sack Race (Open) -C Scott, 1, H. Speight 2, W Turner, 1 One Mile Handicap Flat Race (Open) - P Latter, 1, at Halle, 2, C Scott, 3 100 Yards Siamese Race (Open) -II. Agg and J. Scott, 1 IDO Yards Flat Race (Open) -P. Lavater, 1, H Agg, 2, J Scott, 3 300 Yards Flat Race (Old Boys) -L Lavater, 1, W. Evans, 2 One Mile Handicap walking (Upon) At Gowan, 1 ; M Harris, 2, Parsons, J 100 t ords Handicap Consolation Race - F. Turner. , Famous, 2, Grant, 3 BOWLING. There will be a match played this afternoon on the North Fitzroy Bowling green, commencing at 3 o'clock, between the? Fitzroy and Carlton Boards of Advice with members of the North Fitzroy and Carlton Bowling Clubs, picked in to make He a-side 