A MELBOURNE FACTORY OUT OF WORK. Objects tho most commonplace may at times be invested with a certain amount of poetry ' and pathos by the simple; method of contrasting their I normal with sbme'J abnormal condition. In the spectacle.of a factory at work, when its rooms arc peopled with artisans, when tho whirr of the machinery and the busy clatter of. tongues seem to drown all sounds of life from the great world with out, when the operatives are hurrying hither and thither, apparently in inextricable confusion, yet strangely enough, each preserving a distinct orbit of liis own and avoiding somehow perpetual colli sion,- thore is littlo of either poetry or pntho3 in the picture. But when the same factory stands deserted and untenanted, when the massive machi- neryjlies motionless and inert like n dead giant, when 'tho operatives have long since disappeared, leaving the scene of their labours to darkness and to dust, 'the vivid, contrast of .tho present silence with "the- past bustle vests tho spectacle with a tinge of .melancholy -interest. -Tlio feeling- experi- encod-on- siioluoln'-oboasioh -is not unliko that des cribed by Moore — - X> feel ffike onq! who treads alone \- Somobanquot hall doserted, Whose lights are fled,' whose garlandsMead, -"b'And .all but he-departed, ; !l More 'than one- "of tlievbbot factories bf .'our City arein''siieh'a ebriditioii a3' wb havb'pibt'ured, and a visit to ono of them' lately excited 'such feelings as we havo escribed,'.' As we walked slowly through the (enantlcss rooms and yiewed the ono picture, the bther'invbliihta'rily, by a subtle law of associa tion, rose up likewisobefore the mind's eye. Yon der on. the ground floor is a powerful gas-cnginc by windfall the machinery in the factory was driven, but is lifeless and motionless now. In tho same, hpartmont, too, arc the pressing machines, for cutting out the soles, the rollers to hardon and to smooth the leather, the splitting maehinos to piano away, as it were, any unnecessary thickness in the soles, the lift, and the Bplit lift, and tho blocking- machines standing like so many Cyclops, grim and silent, awaiting destruction at tho Hands of Delian Apollo'.' Yonder, too, is the tank where the leather used '.to be soaked, but it is empty now, and round tho walls ore ranged in tiers the sole knives, -the lift knives, and tho .stiffeniiig-knives, just' wlicro they had been placed when tho last day of yyork was ended. ; Hero, too, is thoqrrauguig-table, oh wliicli .the j soles were sorted according to size," and on it are still ""lots" of these, 'some of thorn arranged, others not. Near by is the weighing- machine, by which all'tho1 leather coming into tho cutting-room was weighed, and beside it tho marking-board, with tho ohalk record of tho last parcel still remaining on its surfaco. Sheets of leather aro lying in piles in various corners of tho room awaiting use, some of it cut, the rest uncut. Sudden cessation of work has left it untouched as- yet. From tho ground floor wo pass hp stairs, into what is called tho rough-room, where tho soles are arranged in pigeon-holes, according :to thoir sizes, and in liko manner tho uppers are held ill readi ness against demand. In this room, too, is tho window through which tho outsido workers, over whom tlio difhculty in tho boat trado has arisen, used to reccivo and give in thoir work. "lis long since it was opened for shell a purposo, and tho brethren of St. Crispin, who wove wont to congre gate about it, where are they ? Gone, all gone, tho old familiar faces. In this room also wo sco stores of kqi work uppers made out'- of tho cow-hide em ployed for the soles. Theso form a vory heavy, but, as might have been expected, a vory durable hoot. Standing idle in this department we ob- servo also a lino Blake's sole-sewing machine, a fair- stitch machine to imitato luuid-sowing ; a pump-machine, which stitches the boot from tho inside; a heeling-machine, by wliicli one siuglo man can heel upwards of GOO boots per day, and over wliicli thero was a threatened strike somo time ago, owing to tho men considering it militated against the interest of tho operative, and u serewing- machino for screwing on tho soles. On all sides aro lasts of various sizes, from tho ladies' dainty littlo shape of 1 or 2, to tho sizo that would suit ail Atlas or an Anak. Tho room was left just us tho men had vacated it, here a last, thero a hammer, or a piece of intricate machinery in places where tho hand had put thoin boforo tho oxodus. Pass ing by tho putting-up rooms for tho better class of work, wo next ontovod tho stororoom, where was kept the stock of tho trado in bulk. All kinds of leather woro hero, morocco, levant, sealskin, mock- kid, glove-kid, glassy-kid, calf- kid, glassy-goat, Frcncli-ealf, Policy grain, basil, etc. ; also beading, buttons, bows, and shoo ornamonts of every variety. But now their uso has gono, and thoy slumber undisturbed upon thfcir shelves. "VYe'next enter tlje ordinary putting-room, where the sense of desertion and desolation seems to como most strong ly home to us. Tho ompty iron stands appear to be for ever lifting up a silent protest at being loft so long unutilised, consigned to dust and tho rust fiend. Below each stand is a box for holding tho stuff, and in many thero aro yet visible the remains of the last day's work. Round tho walls are tho tables for tho last, which stand in serried array sido by side, like an idlo army rcrdy for, yet never entering upon, action. In fancy wo almost hear tho busy bustle in this room again, and sco tlio forms of tho operatives again at work, each lit his allotted stand, that now seems so desolate without him. Tlio third story is devoted to tho finishing de partment. This was formerly a ; very crowded division of tho factory. Hero at each stand is a gas get, at whioh tho operatives. uso to heat their irons. But the vast room is now lis desolate as any desert. We pass into tho clicking room, where all the upppcrs wore out out, and sco tho various stylos of uppers out out in zine patterns hanging against the wall. Uselessly idlo now also aro the beading-machines, for putting stitches in tho hack of tlio boots, tho toe-cap gimping, machines for working ornamental toe-caps ; the eyelet and punching-machhics, and tho wax-tlircad-machinp for kip work. Nor is tho girl's room moro cheer ful. Only two or three apprentices are presoiit,and thoy seem, in tho largo apartment, but as the ghosts of the departed. All tlio sowing-machines are silent save theirs,' and stand in motionless ranks along one sido of the room. It is almost a relief to escape from a scene which contrasted so vividly with a busy past, and wo pass out from the deserted factory feeling profoundly impressed with tlio widespread influence a trado strike can effect within its own circle. — 'Telegraph.' The Fate of Russian Rulers. — Tho church of S.S. Peter and Paul is the burial- placo of tho Emperors, and a solemn place it is. Tho largo whito tomb of Alexander II. is regarded with veneration, and surrounded with emblems of griof. Thoy call him their martyr Emperor, and honour him as tho emancipator of tho serfs', Next lies his father, Nicholas I., who poisoned himself. By his side is his elder brothor, who having married a Polish lady for lovo, abdicate: the throne 'Which ho had forfeited by marrying beneath him. But the abdication could not save him. Ho disappeared ; to avoid a revolution; Our guido, continuing the sad history, Baid,1 " Here lies. Paul, who was suffocated ; thero is the body of Petor III., who was assassinated'; there is the tomb of Annie, who was exilod to Siberia, and died of a broken heart, and next lies her son, who was stabbed." "YVo looked at tho gilded magnificonco of tho church, and the calm of the beautiful marble tombs, and shud- dered witli horrow nt the recital. — St. Peters) burg correspondent of the Hartford Times. 