Amusements. MACBErE AT THE THEATRE ROYAL. The style in which the greatest of those dramas, wherein the daring and all- embracing genius of Shakespeare has sucoessfully invaded the realms of the supernatural, was presented at the Soy&l; l»sfc Saturday night, fully equalled the expectations which had been excited respecting it. That phrase so familiar in managerial announcements, and so often used in a merely conventional senBo, may on this occasion, at any rate, bo employed with, perfect correctness, for in every respect which the expression implies the latest attraction at our principal theatre is worthy of being described as ' a grand revival.' Australian audienoes have not in deed been waiting till now to see ' Macbeth ' well acted; but it must be confessed that the tragedy has never been placed before them with such magnificent accessories as characterise its present production. It may also be ad mitted that in one instance, at all events, the acting is of a quality, on the whole, superior to any .effort of the kind which had been witnessed here inthepast. TiiepartofLadyMacbethh&sbeenesBayed; by many accomplished actresses who have visited this country. No such complete interpretation of it, how ever, has 6ver been given as titan; which is afforded: by Miss Genevieve Ward. Guided by a keen intelli gence fihe has, while preserving the terrible attri butes of the character, avoided the common mis take of depicting the wife of the Thane of Glanaia as b, sort of man-woman, but has invested her with the winning gentleness of manner, and feminine soft ness of speech which, as may readily be believed, could not fail to have distinguished the lady whom King Duncan addressed by the name of ' most kind hostess.' The ambitious and unscrupulous spirit which that plausible exterior conceals is, as interpreted by Miss Ward, hardly, as it would seem, made known to Macbeth himself till their meeting jnst after she has learned of the prediction of the weird sieters, and when the great occasion at once reveals the great criminal. In Miss Ward's conception of Lady Macbeth, the woman's pride in and love for her husband are, prominent factors in bringing about tho bloody deed to which she urges him. As if by a supreme effort, elie nerves herself for the work. That natural timidity at the heliish scheme which projects itself to her mind has first to be overcome ; and, with no easy struggle, is Bigmfieantly conveyed in her delivery of that invocation (immediately pre ceding the entrance of Macbeth) to the spirits of evil to unsex her, and fill her — Prom the crown to ths too, ton-foil Of direst cruelty. She is conscious of the entire enormity of the crime she contemplates, but the exultation with which she is inspired at the thought of seeing the brows of the man whom she loves encircled with ' ths golden round' of eoveroigntvj leaves no room in her breast for ' compunctious visitings.' The idea of Lady Macbsth'e absolute devotion to her husband, is em phasised throughout by Miss Ward, and with theresult that much more of sympathy than is usually awak ened aniong an audience by the temptress cf the Thane is bestowed, on that portrait of her which the actress in question furnishes. There is in her guilt, black as it is, an element, as it were, of self-sacrifice, which irresistibly pleads for pity. The dread pun ishment which conscience inflicts upon her is indicated long before that scene in which she finally appears as an appalling image of remorse and despair. In a word, the Lady Macbeth of Mies Ward is a histrionic creation which never ceases to be essentially human. I he art of the actress was finally exhibited in the scene when tho murder of the king is determined on, and where the intellectual force of Lady Macbeth comes to aid the infirm purpose of her spouse; and whore, half in admiration and half in awe of her nndannted courage, he exclaims, ' Bring forth men children only, &s.;' Again in the bauquet scene her by-play was excellent, as with an assumption of gaiety, Bb.e tried to divert the attention of the assembled guests from the horror-stricken Macbeth, as the latter was confronted with the apparition of Banquo. And when she finds herself alone with the partner of her crime, the sudden change whieh her countenance undergoes is most striking and pathetic ; a moment previously wreathed in smiles, it aow wears an expression of utter weariness and grief. The eleap- walking scene was wonderfully effective. The face of the figure which it disclosed to the spec tators was ghastly as that of a corpse, the eyes wide open and fixed in a stony stare, and the white garments so suggestive of cere cloths . made up a picture which is was almost impossible to look at without a shudder. The effect was intensified by the strange tones of the voice in which the somnambu list spoke, they were so profoundly mournful, and seemed to coaio from a distance rather than to issue from iier lips. That same scene has been illustrated ou our stage by the genius of Ristori; but, with that memorable exception. Miss Ward's rendering of it may be pronounced the very best, perhaps, which we have seen. The ' Macbeth ' of Mr. W. H. Vernon was a careful performance ; and, if it did not startle by any displays of extraordinary power and passion, commended itself by a general level of excellence, and by its total freedom from that exaggeration and rant with which come actors try to make up for tho want of those qualities which the heroic drama demands from its representatives. Mr. Vernon has not the gifts of a tragedian ; but, nevertheless, -there are many passages of his Macbeth Which call foe warm praise. That he was over weighted in the part was apparent enough, yet the weight was gallantly sustained for all that. So far as physical energy was concerned, there was no de ficiency perceptible ; a most vigorous combat with Mac duff attesting the soldierly mettle of the usurper of the Scottish crown. The famous dagger scene was well rendered by Mr. Vernon, as was also that with the ghost of Banquo ; Macbeth's recovery of his self possession as the spectre vanished being very naturally delineated. There was considerable feeliner evinced in Mb delivery of those beautiful lines is which Macbeth laments the approach of friendless old age ; and in that exquisite soliloquy called forth by the Queen's death. Mention must be made of the costumes ?worn by Miss Genevieve Ward and Mr. Vernon, and which have been designed with a strict regard to historic acouracy as well as piotureeqnenese. The part of Maddnff was success fully enacted by Mr. J. B. Steele, the ' gracious Duncan' had a capable representative in Mr. B. N. Jones, Mr. Leake was a erood Beaquo, and Mr. Boothman an energetio Maloolm. The three weird sisters were severally pour trayed by Mr, George Leitch, Mrs. Melville, and Mr. Harry Lesion ; the first singing witch by Miss Fattie Brown ; the other singing witches by Miss L. Thompson, Miss Green, and Mr. A. Farley; and Hocate by Mr. B. C. Calvert. A chorus of some 50 voices did ample justice to Locke's music of ' Mac 'beth.' It was the first time that it had been sung here in a harmonised form. Its reception was all that could be desired, both scenes in which He cate and her melodious myrmidons are introduced, being rapturously encored. The magnificent scenery with which the tragedy has been produced has been alluded to in the beginning of this notice. It mainly represents the work of Mr. John liennings. only three scenes being contributed by Mr. Gordon. The vast_ expenditure which this superb revival of the legitimate drama, has entailed is certain to obtain due recognition from ths public 