THE RECOLLECTIONS OF A COUNTRY DOCTOR. Edited by Mrs. J. K. SPENDER. Author of " Her own Fiult," " Pirted Lives," " Godwin's Ordeal," " Gabrielle de Bourdaine," ' Mr. Isoicdv," <fcc., Ac. STRUCK DUMB. PABTIL The iest of that night passed like a dream. I could not bear to look at Joyce as she queened it—the acknowledged belle of the ball—planting coquettishly at the young fellows who came up to solicit dances, ana then looking down with those long lashes, which swept the now flushed cheek, at her card which had been full so much earlier in the evening. Perhaps! was a little hard on her, perhaps I did not understand how she congratulated herself on having done what was right and natural in not given in to mistaken prudery. "Husbands must not be tryants," as Miss Farley perpetually said, being in advance of her time, and perceiving certain truths which then loomed upon the horizon, and which are now universally accepted by those ladies who make their text book " Mill on the subjection of women." I found that even Jenny was not entirely on my side. The natural instinct which all good women have to defend their own sex came uppermost as she said, " You know she likes dancing. You can't expect her to disline- it. A girl like that would be made miserable if she were kept in thraldom. Mr. Maibby ought to think himself happy enough togtt hpr." 1 knew that Jenny was hot about it. She always was when she spoke in italics. So I did not argue further, though it was my private conviction that Paul Markby was a fool not to assert himself a little more. "There is no vigour in his blood, no Btrength of will in his family; he comes of a stock which ia too indolent and pacific." I fumed to myself when a day or two afterwards—having occasion to call on Mrs. Milner, who was suffering from a cold—I found a magnificent bouquet of stephanotis, white hyacinth, and maiden- hair fern adorning the centre ornament of the unassuming little drawing-room. " Well, you mother is spoiling yoa if she humours you to such an extent as to purchase hothouse flowers for youI prefer the wild Ones which you used to gather on the moor," I said, presuming on the freedom of a privileged mend. The colour flamed up in the girl's cheeks. •» Perhaps she didn't pay for them—perhaps they were a present," she said, lowering her voice confidentially. " Then you have no right to take such presents anlesa they come from Paul; he can afford to give you everything which it is right for you to nave." I felt like an old bear, but the girl did not resent the speech. I knew that the right way was to deal with her faithfully and plainly. I heard the sound of a little smothered sob as she instinctively put hei hand over her eyes—perhaps to hide that there were tears in them. There was a long compulsory eilenee, and then she said— " He should not make such a fuss; and then he wouldn't tempt me tD tease him." I WAS afraid of being downwright rude, and yet this child had no father, and I had known her from her childhood. So I said firmly, and perhaps a little grimly, I am afraid you would find other men make much more cr what you call' fuss.'" She did not answer, but she removed her hand from her eyes. Quick-brained as she was, she was sharp enough to know that it could not hide the burning cheeks, nor the tell-tale month with its tightening lines. She was net accustomed to be spoken to in this way,-but I could see that she was giving my words due consideration. " Weil," I said after another pause, during which she had selected the largest stephanotis from the bunch, and treated it in a way to madden a horticulturist, " you needn't nave nulled that poor flower to pieces—you might have let it have its little day." The water Bprang again to her eyes. " Dr. Meredith, it IB too bad of you. You know that I hate covert insinuations. If you want to hint such things, why can't you say them outright ?" And she stamped her little foot. I had been used to these childish outbursts. Under other circumstances I should have laughed outright. As it was I said gravely, •• What thin«B?" " Why, that am cruel; that I want to treat people as I treat flowers—to destroy their «hort-lived happiness—and all for my own amusement." " I never said so; your own conscience spoke." " Well, it wouldn't do, you see, to give Into Paul altogether,'' she said, with a return of that pretty little way she had of pretending to be very astute, and of taking people into her confidence. " If I let him be masterful now, what will he be by-and-by ? We are always quarrelling, you know, as it is," she added with a disdainful curve of her beautifully modelled lips. Well, that seems to me unfortunate." " Perhaps it is," with a solemn shake of her head. And then with a sudden flash in her expressive brown eyes, ' there are times when 1 fear that his ways are 1 not my ways, and that we shall never fit in as I expected. And then again, I know that I shall never care—really care for any one else—and 1 hate myself for vexing him, because, don't you see, he has been so good to me, so wonderfully good, that I have got tj please him." Ye?, I did see, and was a good deal reassured. It was not possible that the girl could look with her clear eves so straightforwardly into mine, and take my hand so honefatlv, if she had ever really intended to set my friend Paul on one side. And after all, Jenny and I had had some such little episodes in our early married life—I suspect most .married people have had occasional tiffs, if they confess the truth—so it was because I did not consider myself to be quite an amateur in such lovers' quarrels that 1 took upon myself to give sensible advice. I remember how we decided that there was to be from this day forth a fresh departure in the girl's life. She was to be no longer at one time like a glacier and at another like a raging torrent. She was to receive no more presents of jewellery or flowers, and promised to be on her guard against varying moods. The only thing I could not tell her wa3 not to look pretty. But she gave in to all the rest of my oxordium with a meekness and obedience so abnormal in her character that I might have known this was a phase too good a to last. And I am afraid in our new enthusiasm for binding up Markby's wounds, and patting him at ease, we had both of us c forgotten an important factor in the problem a —we had comfortably kept out of view the reality of young Norman's suffering. f v Myprofessional experience had familiarized s me with every form of human pain, and yet M I confess that I shrank back appalled the b first time I met Norman after my commoasense prescription had been faithfully carried t h a out. He was like a ghost of his former self, hanging about the place and apparently F determined not to take his dismissal. The p first time he met me he took no notice of me, T whistling somewhat offensively as he went. I b then remembered he was reported to have i g said, " Do you think I am going to have a se beggarly meddling fellow, old enough to be her father, come between us ?" I saw that a he was powerfully moved, excited almost f beyond control, but I did not know that this t was the precursor of the simoom. o b My wife did her best during the next few months for Joy, and I do think the chdd i began .to have higher ideals, and to understand that there were nobler things to live isit for than the gratification of her vanity. We were all of us glad when the time appointed for the wedding drew near. The b fed of approaching winter was already in fss the air; the swallows were preparing for their annual flight, and the rooks were cawing in the trees at Halstead Park. The game was unusually plentiful that season, t ah and shooting parties were numerous, ladies often accompanying the sportsmen when they set out for their walk, or being present at h their lunches. On one of these occasions tls Paul Markby looked me up. It struck me at once that he was frightfully put out. "Bless my heart, I exclaimed very much taken aback, for he sent in his card in an s officious way, though my waiting-room was a filled with patients. " What's in the wind now? you must wait for your proper turn." b The least I thought was that his mother must i>e suffering from one of her splitting headaches. But it augured more than ordinary audacity that the young fellow should intrude on me to tell me tnat the Brookes had invited Norman and himself to the same shooting party, and that Joy was staying in the house, and he did not know whether to accept or not. (To de continued.) 