NBWS OF THE DAY. A cablegram from our London correspon dent of yesterday's date announces that the Duchess oE Albany, widow of tho late Prince Leopold, has given birth to a son. A second message states that the prospectus of the New Oriental Bank hns been circulated, and that half the share issue has been reserved for the colonics and India, The capital of the new bank is stated to he £2,000,000, The cholera plague in Toulon is daily assum ing more alarming proportions, and the con sequent panic is so great that numbers of Government and other officials are fleeing the town. The disease is reported to be extending to other localities. Tho statement that Bcr- bora had beon annexed by tlio British authori ties at Aden has been denied in tho Houso oE Commons by Lord Edmoud Fitzmauriee, the Under-Secretary for Foreign Affairs. Dr. Hochstetter, a well known sciontifio man, who published several works on the geology and natural history of New Zealand, is dead, The cricket match between the Australian eleven and the county of Middlesex, which was commenced at Lord'B on Thursday, ter minated in a brilliant victory for tho Austra lians on the following day. ft will be remem bered that tbo home team, who went in first, were ail disposed of for 53, and the Austra lians bad lost nine wickets for 179 runs when the stump3 were drawn on the first day. On the following day they increased this to 18S, Murdoch carrying out his bat for a well got 64, and Middlesex went in wanting 135 to aavo a one innings defeat. This they wore unable to accomplish, so offectivo was the bowling of Spofforlh and Palmer, and tho last wicket fell for 107, Lucas nnd Pearson, witl: 20 each, being the principal contributors. Tho game thus ended in a win for the Australians by an innings and 29 runs; aud, considering that tho team they wore opposed to contoined players like O'Brien, Lucas, Ridley, i.yltclton, Vornon, Walker and Cottrell, tho performance was an oxcollcnt one. Tho Australians will commence their second match against All England at Lord's to-day, and its result will bo awaited in tbo colonies with much interest, The recent performances of our representa tives indicate that they are just now in ex cellent form, and will probably play a great game ngainst tho best team England can produce. In auother column we give tho re port of our special correspondent on the con clusion of the match against Lancashire. In tho Legislative Assembly to-morrow, the budget debate will be continued, and tho Govornment anticipate that a decision will bo arrived at either on Tuesday night, or, at tho latost, on Wednesday, After the financial proposals of the Government have been dealt with, tho debate on the second rending of the Land Bill will he resumed. The. Le gislative Council will also sit on Tuesday and Wednesday. The principal Govornment busi ness on the notico paper consists of the re sumption of tlio debate on the second read ing of tho Mining on Private Property Bill. The Married Women's Property Bill also remains to bo advanced through its final stages. The leave of absence granted to hlr. T. F. Hamilton by tlio Legislative Council will ex pire at tlio end of next month, and his seat will then buocme vacant by ellluxion of time. Mr. Hamilton does not intend to seek re-elec tion. The President's writ for tho election of a member to sit for the Southern Provinco will be iesued in the beginning of September next. His Excellency the Govoruor will hold a lei-en at Government Houso ou Wednesday next at three o'elockuu the afternoon. Thoso gentlemen who have received cards for tho private enlrie will be admitted nt the principal entrance of Government House, aud other gentlemen by the ballroom entrance. It is desired that members of the Legislative -Council and Legislative Assembly, tho corpora tion of tlie city, the council, senate and mem bers of tho University, and the officers of the army, navy and local forces will assemble in the spaces apportioned to them in tho gallery to the right of the ballroom, in order to facili tate thoir presentation. After all tho pre sentations have been made addresses will bo received and replied to by his Excellency. It has been found impossible to mako any pro vision for the presence of ladies as spectators of the ceremony. The Chief .Secretary, on the 9tU inst., received through Mr. " Pearson, M.L.A., a petition signed by ten inhabitants of Coburg, including several members of the Coburg council, in which attention was invited to certain matters in connection with the Fon- tridge Stockade, alleged to he in an unsatisfac tory state. Mr. Berry at the same time received somo unsigned papers, which ap parently came from somo of the warders at tho stockade who complained against the management, and that they did not get as many Sundays or as much consideration otherwise as they were entitled to. Further than this no documentary evidence has reached the Chief Secretary, indicating that any dis satisfaction or disorganisation existed at Pentridge. But previous to the 9th inst. Mr. Berry had been in communication with Mr. Costieau, Inspoctor-Geueral of Penal Depart ments, abont the latter's alleged remissness of duty aud personal predilections, which were not calculated to givo him that power and com mand over his officers which it was necessary he should possess for tlie maintenance of discipline and the efficiency of tlie stockade. Mr. Castieau thereupon applied forsix months' leave of absence with full pay, pleading ill health. The Cabinet has granted the leave asked for, and in Saturday's Age we announced what arrangements hnd been made for the tem porary performance of the duties of Inspector- Ueueral by Mr. Wm. Gore Brett, of Castle- maine. Mr. Castieau's leave is to commenco on the 28th inst., but the changes of office will be made at an earlier date if Mr. Brett suc ceeds in putting tho sheriff's office at Costle- inaine in proper order for his successor (Mr. Ellis) before tho 28th iust. A sensational report has been published by a contemporary to the effect that the Pentridge Stockade was not safe from an outbreak amongst the prieimr owing to tlie disorganisation existing amongst the officials. The Chief Secretory states that this statement is not correct, and that no com plaints reached him until afterleave of absenoQ had already been granted to Mr, Castieau, The matter will, however, bo inquired into by Mr. Brett. a meeting of tho officers waa held nt tho Pentridge Stockade on Saturday, at which the trrith of tho statements mado in tlio sensational report in question was dis tinctly denied, and a committee was appointed to draw up a reply to tlio allegations for sub mission to the Chiof Secretary. a pnblla meeting of tho Coburg ratepayers is also to bo held iu reforenco to the matter. The Grand National Steeplechase meeting,' held under tho auspiceB of the v.r.o., passed oil most successfully nt Flemington on Satur day. The weather was all that could bo de sired for tho sport, and the course was in ex cellent order. There was a fair attendance, His Excellency Sir h. b.Loch and Lady Lock paid their first visit to Flemington on the oc casion. Sir William Jervois, Governor of New Zealand, waa also present. Excellent racing was the order of the day, and no serious casualties occurred. Proceedings opened with the Maiden Hurdle Race, which Gasalier won easily, Hazard, the favorite, being second, and Omadhaun third. Tlie Maiden Steeplechase was won after a most remarkable race by Kingston, Bobin Hood being second and the Marquis of Waterford third. The next race waa the Grand National Hurdle Kara, which was won by Don Quixote, Sundowner being second, and Ringwood, tho favorite, third. The Grand National Steeplechase resulted, after one of the finest jumping races ever seen, in a win for. Chippenham, Friendless nnd Moonlight being respectively second and third. Fame, the favorite, blundered at a fence, and so spoilt his chance. The Selling Hurdle Base went to Prospect, with Ned Kelly second, nnd the con cluding event, which was tho only flat race of the afternoon, was won in good stylo by Bonnia Bee, .with Pailleroo second and Duenna third. Captain Thomas, e.n., has submitted to tho Minister of Defence a scheme for the manning of the Cerberus, the gun boats and the torpedo boats. This scheme will be brought before tho Council of Defonco at a meeting to be held this afternoon. At the some meeting a scheme for tho control and management of orderly rooms will also he discussed, Mr. Goodchap, Commissioner of Railways in New South Wales, arrived in Melbourne on Saturday from Sydney. The object of his visit is to confer with the Victorian Railway Commissioners with regard to tlie trucking of st,oci- irom aiotuonrnc vo Aioury, uwing to tho late downfall having decimated tho New South Wales flocks, an extraordinary number of sheep are being bought in Victoria and forwarded to the Sydney markets. It is Mr. Goodchap's intention to have arrange ments made to secure the rapid transit of stock from Melbourno to Sydney. Several other matters affecting traffic arrangements will also be considered by Mr. Goodchap ahd the Railway Commissioners. The r.m.s. Peshawnr arrived at Adelaide on Saturday evening, and resumed the voyage to Melbourne at midnight. She may be ex pected to arrive in Hobson's Bay to-day, Tho trial of Dr. Charles Werner GiinBt foe the manslaughter of the barmaid Helen Toombs on tho 1st inst., took place at the Central Criminal Court on Saturday, before the Chief Justice and a jury of twelve, Mr. a w. Chomley prosecuted on behalf of the Crown, the nccuBed being defended by Mr, Purvos and Mr. Mitchell. It will be remem bered that ou the day in question the accused preacribed a powder containing morphia fat tho deceased, who was suffering from sleep lessness. In writing out tho prescription, howevor, the accused omitted a symbol re lating to the quantity of morphia to be used, and the powder, which was pre pared by Edward Hooper, . a chemist in Bourko- slreet, consequently contnined an ex cessive quantity of morphia, which caused the death of the deceased, Tho chemist, when giving the powder to a boy who was sent for it, told the latter to inform tho de ceased that it was poisonous. The chief de fence was that there was no criminal negli gence on the part of the accused. His Honor, in summing up, directed the jury that the main question to be considered was whether the accused hud been criminally negligent. The jury returned n verdict of not guilty, and expressed an opinion that the chemist should havo taken greater precautions in dealing with such a large quantity of poison. Tho accused was then discharged. Tho Government steamer Despatoh re turned yesterday morning at seven o'olook from a trip to Cape Otway and other places with stores, Sho left Williamstown on Friday morning, the Commissioner of Customs, Mr Lnngridgo ; Mr. a. Wilson, secretary for Ports and Harbors; Messrs. w. Robertson, w. m. Clark, and d. m. Davies, m.l.a.'s, being on board, nnd arrived nt Jjoutit Bay shortly after four o'clock in the afternoon. The landing of stores occupied until after dark. On Saturday morning the Despatch went onto Apollo Bay, landing Messrs. Robertson, Davies and other gentlemen interested iu the timber trade which is being opened in that locality, and then steamed on to Blanket Bay with stores for tho Otwoy lighthouse. Con siderable difficulty is oxporienced at this place in getting supplies on shore, as there is no shelter, and the hosts have to be taken through heavy rollers and surf, and after being beached the men have to got into the water and drag them up. Messrs, Wilson and Clark landod at Blanket Bay and rode across the mountains, some 7 miles, to the Otway lighthouse, where the former in spected tho lamps, machinery and quarters. Returning to Apollo Bay the other members of the party were picked up, and the steamer turned homewards. It is stated that a very profitable trade is likely to bo opened with this district, n3 there is an immensa supply of blue gum, the trees growing to an enormous size. Dr. Harbison, the medical officer at the Cut- paw-paw sanatorium, has forwarded to tho Central Board of Health the following report upon tlio last small-pox patient, John Parsons, admitted to the sanatorium : — "Sanatorium, lSth July, 1884, — Tho patient John Par sons, nged 24, arrived hero yesterday afternoon. He states that he felt very giddy, especially on stooping, on the 10th and 11th iust. Had no feelings of cold ness or shivering3 on either day ; no vomiting, no pain anywhere. He slept well bath nights. On the 12th the rash appeared on leg3, just below tho knees, next about tlio abdomen, next about the forehead — all ou the same day. He was at work on this day, but lias not been since. On the 13th inst. the rash was thicker on" the forehead and hod)', and he had distinct feelings of coldness, with on inclina tion to shiver. Since then he says the rash has not become any thicker. He hat Blept well all through his illness, and has had n. good appetite. His throat was sore till the 13th inst,, but is not so now. Eruption. — Scalp 13 thickly studded; eruption is mostly pustular, and many of the pustules have burst. Face is thickly Btudded ; eruption is mostly vesicular, the vesicles being rouuded at the top, none presenting central depression ; a fow spots are already pustular. There are a few vesicles on the tongue towards the tip, about the centre; on tho soft and hard palates there is a fair number of vesicles, some with central dot. Abdomen and chest : Eruption is mostly vesicular ; an odd one with distinct central depression ; some are already pustular and rounded. Back : Eruption is here thickest, mostly vesicular, some with dis tinct central depression ; some are already pus tular ; the inflammatory ring is well marked around some of the largest spots. Arms; Erup tion is thick, mostly .vesicular ; an odd one with central depression ; some pustular, There is no distinct mark of vaccina tion though faith might make one. Legs: Eruption is rather thick on the thighs, but il scattered below the knee. Altogether the eruption is copious. Temperature on admis sion was 99.3; nine p.m.,. 100.2. Pulse, 96." The other patients in tlie sanatorium arc pro gressing satisfactorily, and one of them, Free man, has completely recovered, He was dis charged from tlie station ou Saturday, aftee being thoroughly fumigated, a vacancy has been caused in the office of returning officer for tho Hamilton district by the death of Mr. j. p. Hamilton, who for a number of years fulfilled tho duties of that post. The Chiof Secretary will appoint a successor in tlie course of a few days. At the meeting of tho City Council this afternoon, two matters of some public interest will be brought forward for consideration. The council, at length recognising the neces sity, which wo have more thau once painted out, of improving the present condition of the roads, will be asked to give authority to in vite tenders for the supply of 10,000 cubic yards of hand broken metal, to be usod in the main streets of Bourke, Gipps, Latrobe and Lonsdale wards, to supply the place of the metal from tho quarries, the co3t to be charged against the vote for street maintenance. The council will also consider a recommendation tlmt the inspectors of lodging houses and ol nuisances be appointed to aet with tlie officers of health, the city surveyor and tho building imrveybr to certify with respect tit biiUdlngs within the limits of the jurisdiction of tho local board of health which may bo deemed tufit or unsafe for human occupation. Many such buildings, which nre a standing disgrace to the city, may bo fouud between Bourltd aud Lonsdale streets ; and tile city officials, if tbey did their duty, would at once condemn and order the removal of tbe numerous aud dan. gerous hovels where disease is generated and gprestd in overy direction, A Blight accident hnppencd to the 7.29 passenger train just as it started from tho Camberwell station on Saturday morning. As the train was moving out of the station one of-. . the crank rods broke. Tho station master \ immediately telegraphed to tlte Priuce's-bridge j station for a fresh engine, which was despatched ; to Cambcrwetl, and brought on the disabled ' engine and passenger train. The break down : had tbe effect of taking off tho 7.19 ii.tn. and j 8.9 a.m trains, and thereby caused some iu- Convenience to early passengers for Mel- bourne. The Mayor of Mclbonrno I1113 granted per. mission to the Salvation Army to have a mou nter torchlight procession, lteacled by the fiue brass band of the Collingivood corps, to- morrow (Tuesday) evening from tbeir Collingwood barracks to the Melbourne Town Hell, where tbeir specialty festival, in aid of the funds of their prison Gate Brigade, and their homes for fallen sisters, is to be held at half .past seven. The procession starts from the Wellington-street barracks at half-past six punctually, nnd will thcu proceed down Stanley, Smith, Gertrude, Nicholson, Lonsdale, and Swnnston streets to the Town Hall, where it is timed to arrive at a quarter-past seven. The Chief Secretary has been informed by Major Barker, of the Salvation Army, that a young man belonging to the organisation had confessed to having robbed a man of £35 while travelling with him in a cab. This took place before the repentant tliief joined the ranks of tbe Salvationists. He now feels contrition, and lias given over the money to his chief, who in turn has lodged it in the savings banlc, at the same time informing the Chief Secretary that tbe money will be banded over to tho rightful owner should lie make himself known. He has been advertised for, hut so far without success. Yesterday evening some excitement was ttusod in Lilt le Latrobc-Btrcet west by a re port that a young woman had poisoned her- Belf, and was dying. It appeared that a girl named Nellie West, about 19 yeur3 of age, Who lias beau keeping company with a young man named James Edwards, being jcaiotts of the attention paid by him to another girl, deliberately swallowed a por- tion_ of the contents of a small phial con- taining laudanum, with the avowed ohjoct of destroying herself. On discovering what she had done her friends conveyed her to tho hos pital where Dr. Shields applied the stomach pump, and when the patient had sufficiently recovered she was allowed to leave with her friends, who took her home. She was after wards arrested by Constable Staplcton and taken to the city watch house, and will be brought before the bench this morning. Tho Central Board of Health has received an application from tho lessee of tbe Athletic Hall, asking permission to keep the hall open for three weeks longor. The hall has been condomned as being unsafe for a place of pnblie entertainment, and the board has re fused to extend the term during which it can be legally kept open. A largely attended meeting of the parishioners of tho Catholic Church of St., Ignatius, Richmoud, was held immediately after tho morning service yesterday. The ob jected the meeting was to arrange for the col lecting of funds to complete the building of the church. The Rev. Father Mulhall, S.J., occupied the chair, and explained that the con- gregfttion had so largely increased of lato years that it was absolutely imperative that more room should be providod. " The completion of the original plan, designed by Mr. Wordell, would add three more .arches to tho nave, giv ing a length of about 45 feet, and the transept would give another 20 feet. Tho cost wrs esti mated at about £5000. A Bubscription was then opened, and £110 contributed, iu addition to annual subscriptions being promised, amount ing to £1560. Acoording to several of tho country corre spondents of the South Australian Register, the large drove of camels that have recently gone from Adelaide to the North, caused a great commotion amongst tlio Btock met with en route. The manager of one of tho stations writes to his firm in Adelaide to say " A large mob of camels have passed up tho main rood, and havo done a lot of damage to the horses. Some I scarcely think will get over the fright, I am obliged now to shut the horses up in the yard, R3 I cannot koep thorn in any paddock, for the moment they see the camels they are off over fences or anywhere they can get." In their haste to get away from their ugly visitors they knock them selves about, and tho correspondent pro ceeds : — " If anyone had seen tlio horses on Saturday, and again to-day, he would scarcely believe they are the same animals. I ntn aure the fright and its effect have taken quito £5 per head off their value. Tho drivers of tho camels ought to send a notice ahead bo that stock owners might prepare, At Two Wells one horse was so injured wltilo the camela were passing that it hnil to he killed. Sevoral others havo gone away altogether. Thoy clear out immediately when they see tho camels coining. My sou's waggon was noarly over thrown because of his team being frightoaed. All along tho line people are complaining of the brutes." Dame Nature has, says the Mauritius cor respondent of the Sydney Morning Herald, solved a gveat mystery for us. For many years attempts have been made to ohtaiu sugar cano seeds, hut all efforts have hitherto failed. Tho other day, however, on tho Argy Estate, belongiug to Messrs, Bascliet, of Flacq, a fine cane, kriown under the name of Chef Erauehu, was found with a quantity of plants growing from the flower stalk. Great care has been taken of this curiosity, and many of the plants have been put in good soil and tended with every care, in hones of obtaining a better cane or a new kind. The small plaats were iu thick dusters round tho flower, and wero growing vigorously, like tho small plants of the aloe tree. "George Liiwson and Alfred Rowling, beclie- de-mer fishermen, who havo their head station at _ Green Island, lodged an informutioa on Friday last," says the Cairns I'osl of the 3rd inst,, "agaiust several aboriginals who had previously been in their employ for deserting them on the roef with the intention of prevent ing their escaping from drowning. It appears they were fishing at low tide ou tho reef about . 12 miles distant from Green Island, when the aboriginals treacherously rushed into the dingy boat and rowed away, leaviug tliein to drown ou tbe reef, the rise of tide being 11 feet. Lawson had to swim a distance of over a mile to tho long boat, anchored in deep water, with which he returned and rescued the other man. The tide had risen tip to Rowling's armpits when Lawson came to his assistance, and Lawson was very mnch exhausted from liis exertions in swimming to the boat. The aboriginals made away in the direction of Oyster Quay — north ward." Sub-inspector Mackey, who was stationed at Port Melbourne for a number of years, ba3 been permanently transferred to IVarrnam- bool, which district he will take charge of in a few days. Sub-inspeetor Mackey, who has, until recently, been doing temporary duty at Bhepparton, will leave Port Melbourne with the best wishes of the residents, who intend suitably recognising his services. The monthly meeting of the Musical Asso. cintion was held on Satnrday evening, at Gunsler's Cafe, followed by a concert. Bee thoven's string quartet in F, No. 3, op. IS, re ceived a good interpretation at tho hands of Messrs. \Vestou, Montague, Jager and Hart, Mr. Otto Linden played Beethoven's piano forte sonuta in B flat, op. 22, and took part with Messrs. Weston and Hart in a trio for piano, violin and violoncello, by tbe Danish composer Gado. Mr. Gordon Gooch gave Meyerbeer's fine dramatic song, The Monk, and Blmnenthal's Sunshine and Rain. Tlte usual monthly meeting of tho Victorian Tunic Sol-fa Association was held on Satnrday evening ; Mr. F. Adams presiding. Mr. W. Brttco read an instructive paper on the life of , Mozart, which was Illustrated by several | selections from his works. The members sang | tho music of the May Reporter, conducted by . Mr. D, J. Montague. The People's Cuucert iu the Temperanca I Mall, Russell-street, on Saturday evening was again successful in crowding the hall to over- flowing. The entertainment consisted of a minstrel first part by the Combinatioa j Serenndera, which appeared to be highly en- I joyed by nil present, the applause and encoros being frequent and hearty. The second por- i tion of the programme consisted of miscel- : laaeous items, vfhicli were equally successful. , Tlie entertainment concluded with a force, which created a great deal of amusement. Mtrs Dwight wa3 tho pianiste, and Mr. Richardson chairman, ' The Bnou Theatre has been subleased by Messrs, Rignold and Allison for a term of four months, commencing in September, for the production of some of tbeir novelties in opera and comedy. The dramatised version of Dickens' R Bleat: House, known as Jo, was performed at the Opera Houso on Saturday night, before a somewhat limited attendance. The leading character, Jo, was undertaken by a young girl, aged 9 years, and described in the playbill as Littlo Belle Rttssell, and, considering her youth and the fact that she had never seen the piece performed, sho was very successful in depicting the sorrows anil privations of thepoor little London waif. The chief defect in her impersonation of tho oharnctcr was that si"- rather overdid it, especially iu the scene where she conducts Lady Deadlock to the cemetery. The manner in which Jo stalked off tha Btage was more reminiscent of the ghost in Hamlet than of the ordinary slouching gait of a crossing sweeper. None of the other performers are worthy of special re mark, a fact which is no doubt partly attri butable to the ploy having been placed upon the boards at very short notice, the actors consequently not having lmil sufficient time to Btudy their respective parts. The piece will he repented for two nights longer, and on Wednesday evening Man and Wife, tho in teresting drama founded on Wilkie Collins's celebrated novel, will be presented. The Theatre Royal was well filled on Satur day evening, nnd tbe Turn of tbe Tide again met with a very favorable reception. The Merry Thoughts Company gave another of their minstrel entertainments iu the Vic toria Hall on Saturday night. It is announced that the season will close this evening with a complimentary benefit to two members of tbe company. Wo have received from Mr. A. J. Smith, Swauston- streot. Home H'onb fur Heart ami Hearth tor 1S83, a Beml edited by tint Key. Chariot Bullock, D.D. Mr. \V. Smither.i Gadd announces that lie will ad dress the ratepayers at the Parkview Hotel, Nortlt Kitzioy, this evening, at eight o'clock ; Mr. Benjamin Douclass will take tbe chair. A meeting of the friends and supporters of Messrs. FranciB and Martin will be held at eight o'clock this evening at No. 213 Bay-street, in connection with tbe Piirt Melbourne municipal elections. rl"he deiomlnnt in the ca3e of Hartley v. Manders, which was heard in tho County Court on Friday, and in which n verdict fur £40 was given, writes to say that tile nmount claimed Ijv plaintiff was £130. The following is tlio statu of the bouse at tlio Ho- ma-opathic Hospital for week ending 19th July New cases, 22 ; admitted into house. 3; attendances — out patients, 137 ; number remaining under treat, ment, 2dl. Tho officers and ' brothers of the Loyal Victoria Lodge, M.U.I.O.O.F., celebrated their annual soci.l Oil Friday evening iu tlio Manchester Unity Iiall. Thero was a good attendance, and a plca3ant evening was spent. The Collins-street Independent Church Literary and DeiMtiiur Society will meet this evening in the Congrc- frnttotial Hah, Knsseil.strret, when a parliamentary debato wiil bo bold. The iliuiatry will introduce their new Land mil. A tea and public meeting will bo hold at the Ccn« srozational Church, Vieturia»par&ue;, this evening in formal recognition of tho Rev. J. II. ZHltnan as tho pastor of the congregation. The mayor of Fitzroy will preside at tho zac»Un?. Mr, William Spurr, u candidato for municipal honors In the city of Fitzroy, met his friends and supporters In the Temperance Ila'i, ltae»street, North Fitzroy, on Friday evening, and a couitnitteo was formed nnd all ucccsairy arrangements were made for openiug tho campaign, Mr. F. Tilley, HoBiisec of the well known hostelry, tho Victoria Hotel, 35 Llourke-atrcet west, desires It to be known that ho ia uut the licensee of the Victoria Hotel, nourko-struet, referred to in Saturday's Age as having been fined at the District Court on Friday for pumping offensive water from tho cellar Into a public thoroughfare. Au amateur theatrical performance Is to bo given at. the Novelty Theatre by tho Bohemians, on tho 13th Aucust, in aid oi tbe fuuds of tho cancer ward of the Austin Hospital for Incurables. Tbe patronage of his Excellency tho Governor and Lady Loch, the Chief Justice and Lady Ktawell, tho Bishop and Lady iloor- houso has beau given. 