DONAL GRANT.' BY GKORQK MACDONALD. Author of " AlcoForbes," " Malcolm,''etc., &c.; CH.UTKK L. WHE2J- Ardura awoke from her unnatural s cop aljo did not at first even trouble to think; where «ho was. But, as she carne to herself, she tried of courso to localise herself. Alie last placo siro could recall was the little inn where thoy had their tea ; she must have been taken ill she thought, and was now in the room of the samo. It was quite dark, and she wished, they had left a light by her. She seemed to lie comfortably enough; but sho had a suspicion that it was but a very poor place, not over clean, and was glnd to lind that she lay in her clothes. Thus thinking she turned on her side ; something pulled her-something on her wrist ! She did not remembor that she had been wearing a bracelet, but she must havo one on, and it had got entangled in tho coverlet somehow j She tried to unclasp it, but she conld find no way, neither from the shape of tho tlnng could remember which of her bracelets it was. And thero was something attached to it ! It felt like a chain-a thick chain. It was very odell What could it mean? She did not yet trouble herself, how- ever, but lay qniotly, coming to fuller con- sciousness. Then sho became aware of what had been pressing on her unready recognition -namely, a strange air, rather than odour, in the room. It was by no means definite ; yet she thought sho liad studied it before, and not very long ago. Suddenly it flashed upon her that it was the smell of the lost chapel 1 But f1"« was at home in the castle, and she had lo« that two days before! She would havo started up. The dows of agonised horror were ' rolling down her fooe I She was pulled hard hy the wrist. Sho cried on God. She wns lympr where that heap of dust hud lain. She was manacled with the same chain in which that woman died hundreds of years ago. For ono moment her being so recoiled from the horror that sho seemed on the very verge of madness. But surely madness, if it be any, is not tbo solo refuge of humanity from terror. AYhen torture crows too great, tho sensorium linds refuge in insensibility ; it refuses to bear moro; something analogous lies, I think, within the mental sphere. But there is indeed another and better refuge. In proportion as Ho is admitted and dwells in the human soul, God 13 the prosont help. In the time of trouble with Hira in the houso we not only need fear nothing, but that is there which in its own being and nature casts out fear. Such a sense ?i ",bloluJ;e helplessness carne upon Arctura that she felt weak in her endless claim upon tho protection .of her original, the source of tier boiug, And what sooner would God have o£ His children than their preferring of such claim? He is always calling them as His children, and when they call to Him tis their father, then, and not till then, is He satisfied. And, with that sense awaked in lier, thero fell upon her a kind of sleep, which yet was not sloop, but a reposo such as might ho the sleep of a spirit. Jiy dcgiecs it dopaited, and bel senses gicw more and more awake She recalled her feel nigs when first sho carno down mto tho place, and pictured to hoisclf exactly what the daik 11038 was hiding from hei The tide of tenor began «gain to rise, and soon thicatencd to bocome altogothor monstrous She leisoned with herself that she had been safely brought through its first and most dungeious uno id, but reason could not outface terioi Thon hist she knew that thci o can bo no i of ligo f i om feai in going mad, foi some madness is just the provailmg presenco of it She was not then able to go a little furthei, md roflcct that there mono who must temper even thou tenors to the insano If tho night lndeth not fiom Him, surely noithei does the mond night, nor the daikucss of fear It bogan to thunder, fust with a low distant liuittcung loll, then with a loud and near bellowing Some people ai e sti angoly tot i if ted at thnndei,but Aictuia had ncvor been , she liad the childs feeling that it was God that thundeicd, and no»v it comf 01 ted her ns vv ith tho assurance that Go3 was near. And as she lay and listened to the great organ of the beavens to her spirit it seemed to giovr articulate God seemed calling to her and say- ing, " Heie I am, my child I do not he afinid '" Then sho reasoned with herself that the woist that could happen to hei was to he theie till sho died of liungoi, and that could not bo so veiy bad ' linn, mingled with the thundei, canica wail of the ghost music She stilted with a strango feeling that sho had heard it a hundred times while lyin,? theie m the dark alone, und only now for tho first time was »yakmg up to the fact Sho was herself the lady they had shut up there to die, and she had lain there for ages, every now and then he nmg that sound of the angels singing ' Hei biam was beginning to wandei Sho leasoned with hcrsolf, and dismissed the fancy, but it caine and came again, mingled with the montones of the times she had spent on the roof with Donal By-and-by sho fell asleep, and woko in a terror which seemed to have been growing in her sleep. She sat np, and stared before her into the dark. From the place were stood the altar thero seemed to rise and approach hor a form of deeper darkness. Sho heard nothing, saw nothing, yet seemed to know that something was near. It cunio nearer and nearer. It was but a fancy, and sho knew it ; but tho fancy still assumed to be ; and the moment sho gr.vc way, and acknowledged it real, »vould im- mediately assumo tho reality it had been wait i iig for, and clasp her in the gulf of its skeleton arms. Sho cried aloud. It catuo nearer still ; but the instant it was about to seize her came a sudden chango ; her fear was gone, and in its place a sonso of absolute safety ; there was nothing in all the universe to bo afraid of ! It was ti night of Juno, and roses-roses every- where ! What wo3 it V Had God sent her mother to think hor full of roses? Why her mother, when God himself is the heart of every rose that over bloomed ? She would have sung aloud for joy, but no voice carne from her ; she could not utter a sound. Then came the thought of Donal surging into her heart ! If she wore to die, down hero, then one day ho would come and find her ? Bul. thoreivith caine a terrible picturo : no I no 1 She would go to him in his sloop, and beg him not to go near tho place 1 Then came Donal's voice strangely mingled with music and thunder-a voice from far away, and she did not kno»v whether it was her fancy or sho really heard lum, but it filled lier so with delight that sho tried to answer him, buthervoico died away in her throat. CUAITEÄ LI. PRESSING with all his might against tho sides of the sloping window-sill, if window that opening into the crypt could bo called, Donal did at last push up the slab so far as to get a hold with one hand on the next to it, and so save himself from slipping do»vn again, as up 1 to tkot moment he had been constantly doing. But the weight of it was non- resting on his Angel's. Ho kept still for a fe»v moments to gather strength ; then slowly turned himself on his side, ano gradually got the other hand also through tho crack. Then, hauling himself with all his force, careless of what might happen to his head, with the top of it he raised the stono so as to got head and neck through. And now, if it did not strangle him boforc he got further, the thing was done 1 He gave one more hercu- lean lift of his body-for ho had at once to lift his own weight and that of the stone-r-and, like a man rising from tho dead, roso from tho crypt into the passage. But the door of the chapel »vas closed. "My lady," he cried, "don't be afraid. I am going to drive the door open. You must not mina the noise ! It is only Douai Grant !" " Only Donal Grant !" She heard tho words ! Tiley woke her from her sivoon of joy. " Only Donal Grant !" What less of an only could there be in the world for her 1 Was lie not the messenger of Him who raises the dead! "OnlyDonal Grant!" She tried to speak, but not a word would come, and Donal, fearing lest, after all, he had arrived too late, drew back a pace, and sent such a shoulder against the door that it flow to the wall, and fell with a great crash on tho floor. Tho same moment Donal »vas in the chapel. "Where arc you my ladj " he said, but still she could not speak Ho began fooling about "She can never be on the temblé bed ' he mm mured to himself She heard lum, and f oat lost ho should turn awaj, and thmk she was not there atter all, gave her voice "I dont mind it now you aro thero '" she said ' Thank God ho cried, ' I have found jon at last1 and then, worn out lie sank on his knees with his head on the bel and fell a sobbing lil c a little child She put out her hand tIiiouDh the daiknoss to lay it on his head, hut she could not i each lum He beul the lattle of the chain and understood 'Charnel too my dove1 ho saul nivolun tai ii), but in Gaelic But he wejt no moie, again he thanked God, mid took couia"o J<ow life seemed to ru»h tlnom,li every vein, * J ho sole t Ifcht o£ publication In Queensland oí Douai Grtut lias been purchased bj tho Bnsbimo Newapapei Companj,blunted. and he rose to his feet conscious of strength like a giant. " Can you strike a light, Donal, and let mo seo you ?" said Lady Arctura. It was the first time slio had said his name to himself ; it had been often on hor lips that night. He did as she requested, and for a moment they looked at each othei. She was not so changed as ho had feared to find hor. Terrible as had been her trial, it liad not lastod very long, and had been succeeded by a heavenly j'oy. She was paler than usual, yet there was a rosy flush over her beautiful face: her arm was stretched towards him, and, clasped by the rusty ring, j'ust as thoy had together imagined the arm of the dead lady, before time had turned it to dust, had tightened the chain that held it to the bod-post. She was in her travelling dress, just as her uncle had brought her back. " How palo and tired you look !" she said. " I am a little tired," ho answered. " I havo come straight from home. My mother sent me to you. She said I must come, but she did not tell me why I was to como." "It was God sent you, Donal." she returned -and then she told him what sue knew of her own story. "But,"said Donal, "how could the villain havo got tho ring on to your wrist ?" Ho looked closer, and saw that her hand was swollen, and the skin abraded. " He lias forced it on I" ho ¡.aid. " How It must hurt you I" " It docs hurt 1" she replied ; " but I did not notice it before. It was such a little tiling besido the misery of finding myself alone in tho place whoso horrors had so often haunted mo." Donal took tho little hand in his. It waa much swollen. But where tho ring was now on the wrist it lay loose. " Do you suppose ho meant to leave mc hero to die ?" said Aimtura. "It is impossible to tell," returned Donal. "It is hard to believe anything so bad even of ono who could do as he has done. But in truth I suspect wc havo had to do with moro of a madman than anyone know. I wonder if a soul can be mad. The devil, I suppose, must be mad with self - worship ! AVc must leave nothing in his power any mote. I will strike another light, and seo whether there is any- thing about the place to show whether he had plotted this, or it waa a sudden idea that caine to him." He did so. The bed had boen smoothed a little apparently, and a travelling rug spread over the dust ; that was all the preparation made. AVhother it had been done beforehand, or only when ho brought hor in, could not bo determined. There was no other change they could see in the place. AVhether ho meant lier to lio there as she was to elie, or only to frighten hor into compliance with his wishes, neither of thom could tell. Donal told her then how it was that he had come. '"Now, will you take me away?" she said. "I must first get rid of tho chain," answered Donal. " That may be a little difficult ; but it is only a matter of patience." " You will not leave me?" " Only to get what tools I may want." " But aftor that ?" she said. "Not until you wish rae," he answered. There carne a great burst of thunder. It was the last of the storm, and when it had bellowed and shuddered, and gone and como rolling up again, then at last died away in the great distance with a low continuous rumbling as if it would never cease, then the silence that followed was like the Egyptian darkness that might bo felt. Out of the tense heart of tho silence carno a slow step seemingly far off, but approaching. "It ia the earl !" said Arctura. "He will find the door open!" said Donal, and darted to sot it up. "Never mind," said Arctura. "His imagina- tion »vill account for it at once. It docs for everything where ho has no suspicion. He will think it was the thunder! I wonder if be has a light !" she added hurriedly. " If ho has you must got behind the altar." Tho step carno nearer. Evidently he wus coming through tho dark, and had no light. "Do not apeak a word," said Donal; "let him think you aro asleep. 1 will stand so that if he como near the bed ho shall come against me. He shall not touch you !" " Arctura !" said a deep awful voice. It was that of the earl. She made no answer. "Dead of fright, I daresay I" muttered the voice. " I will strike a light and see. I hope sho will no1 provo as obstinato as her mother I moan her aunt!" Donal stood intently watching for the light. After some fumbling caine a sputter and a gleam, but the match failed. Donal marked the spot and the distance, and, oro ho could try another, made a swift I blow as near as he could judge through the space. It struck his arm, and knocked the box from his hand. " Ha !" he cried, and there was terror in the cry ; "she strikes mo through the dark !" Donal prepared for a struggle, but kept very still. Ho must run no shadow of a risk that could be avoided so long us Arctura was not out of her uncle's power. She was not yet even free from the chain I Arctura kept as still as he. But the earl turned mid went away. " I »vill bring a light !" he muttered. Tho moment Donal heard tho door close above, ho said to Arctura : " Now, my lady, you heard him say ho would bring a light : I dare not leave you alone with him, and somehow I think it better 1 should not encounter bim yet; do you mind being lett a few minutes while I fetch some tools to bet you freo ?" "No, certainly," sho answered: "God sent you." " I will be back before lum," he answered. "But bo careful you do not meet him," said Arctura. Tliero was no difficulty in Donal's way now that the slab was raised, cithor in going or re- turning. He sped, and in a time that seemed short even to the prisoner lio was back. Thero was no time to file through ring or chain. Ho attacked the staple in the bed-post, and drew it. Then ho wound the chain round her arm, and tied it there. Ho had by this time made up his mind what it would be best to do with her. He had been at first inclined to carry her out of the house altogether ; the factor and I1Í3 sister were away, but there was Andrew Comin's Doory ! It would, however, be yielding their enemy an advantage to leave him in possession " of the house, he thought. Awkward things might result from it, and tongues of inventivo ¡(tnoraucc and stupidity »vould wag wildly! Ile would take her to her o»vn room, and there watch her as he would 11 child, nor leave a chanco for any to come near her. "There! you arc free, my lady," he said; "now come. He took her hands, and she raised herself wearily, "Tho air is so stifling !" she said. "We shall soon bo in bettor," answered Donal. "Shall we go out on tho íoof" she said, ltkc one t liking m hei sleep "I will take you to join own ioom,"said Donal "But I will not leave you," ho added quickly, seeing a look of anxiety cloud her face, "at least so long as yoiu uncle is in tho house I do wonder what he has done with Místicas Biookes " "Take me vvheio j ou will," said Aictura There was no w aj foi thom to get out hut through the crypt Donal got down hrst, and she followed without hesitation Then thero was only the little closet under the stan to creep through, and they were m the hall of tho castle As they vv ent softly up the stair, Donal had an idea "Ho can't have got back jet!' ho said, " w e will take aw ay the key fi om the oak dooi, he will only think he has taken and mislaid it, and not dnscov ci so soon that j ou arc gone. I wonder what ho will do when ho does not find it ' Will ho leave you to die there, or get help to got you out ' ' Ho did as ho said, locked the oak door, and bl ought away tho key Then they went togcthct to the loom she had last occupied on tho fust floor Tho door was a little ajar, and theie was a light m it 'Hiej went softlj up, and peeped in Thero was the call turmug ovei tho contents of Arctnia's writing desk, " Ho will find nothing," she said, " either to serve lum 01 huit mo !" "Wow ill go to jour old room," saul Donal "You will not mind it now, I know The recess itself is built up w ith bl icks and mortal he cannot come near you that way." As soon as they i cached the two rooms, Doinlsivv to all tho doors, then lighted a Jiro and left hei while ho went to look for some thing to oat, having hist agieed upon a certain knock, without which she was to open to no one AVhilo she was jet changing tho garments in which she had lain on tho temblé bed, she licutltheeail pass and the dooi of his loom close Appai cully he had made up his mind to let her spend the night w ithout another v îsit foi ho had himself lcecived a temblé flight in the place A little longei and she heaid Donnl's gentle signal nt her door. Ho had bl ought some biscuits and a little vv mo ni tlio bottom of a decantei fiom the housekoepei s loom, theie was liteially nothing in the hilder, he said, They sat down and ato together. Donal told her his adventures, and she told him hors «o far as she knew thom-also about Forgue's Huit and her refusal to listen to him, as per- haps explaining the carl'sdesign. They agreod that tho first thing to he done was to write the factor to come home at once, and bring his sister with him. Then Donal set to with his file t» free her from her bracelet. It was not an easy job. There was the constant danger of hurting her, especially as her hand was so swollen ; and besides tho rust filled and blunted his file ; it took a long time. "There!" he said at last. "And now, my lady, you must take some rest. Lock both your doora. I will sloop hero ; this sofa will do woli. Ali, the key of this door is gone. So much the botter. I will draw the sofa across it, so that even if ho should come wandering hore in the night he may find a small obstruc- tion." In the night Donal heard the earl's door open, and followed bim. He went to the oak door, and tried in vain to opon it. "She has taken it, Donal heard him say in a trembling voice. * All the night long he roamed. the house a spirit grievously tormented ; then in the gray of tho morning, having probably almost per- suaded himself that the wholo affair was but a trick of his imagination, went back to his room and to bed, taking yet an extra dose of bia | medicine as ho lay down. In the morning Donal left the house, having first had a word with Arctura through the door, and, hastening to the inn, paid his bill, bought aomc tilings for their breakfast, and mounting his horse rode up to the castle, and rang the bell-then, no notice being taken, went and put up his horse, and let himself into the house, where he began to sing, and so sing- ing came up the stair, and along tho corridor where the carl lay. This waked him, and brought him to the door in a rage. But the moment he sair Donal his countenance fell, and his usual coolness scorned to give »vay. "What the devil uro you doing hero?" he said. "They told mo in the town that you weie in England, my lord. Please tell me where is ray lady ?" '.'I vviote to yon," said the earl, "that we were gone to London, and that you need bo in no haste to return. I trust you have not brought, Davie with you ?" " I have not, my lord." " Then pray mako what haste back to him you can. I cannot havo him left alone with bumpkins ! But you may stay there with lum as long as you find it convenient-till I send for you. Ho can study there as well as hero 1 I will pay what board you think proper-for both of you. Now go. I am home but for a fe»v hours on business, and off again by the afternoon coach." " I do not go, my lord, until I havo seen my mistress." "Your mistress ! AVho, pray, is your mis- tress ? I thought I was your master, if it comes to that." "I am no longer in your service, my lord. If there is any penalty for lack of duo warn- ing, I am ready to render good reason." "Then what, in the name of God, have you done with my son ?" " In good time, my lord, when you have told mc whore my mistress is ! I returned to this house as Lady Arctura's servant, not your lorship's ; and I desire to know where I shall lind her." i " Go to London then," "AVhat address, please-that I may write to her and receive her orders hero ?" "You leave this house instantly," said the earl, unable, however, to conceal some anxiety, if not dread ; "I will not have you here in my abseuco-and her ladyship's too !" " My lord, I am not ignorant of how things stand with regard to the house : it belongs to my mistress, and from her alone will I receive orders. Hero I remain till I have her command to go." "Very well, then 1 By all means remain." " I ask yon again for her address, my lord." " Find it for yoursolf. Because you will not obey my orders, am I therefore to obey yours ?" His lordship turned on his heel and flung to his door : " It will be my turn presently !" he muttered. Donal went to Lady Arctura, told her what ho had done, and produced his provisions. Together they prepared their breakfast. By and by the earl cunio from his room, and they parly heard, partly saw, him go here and there all over the house, and then return again to his own apartment. He seemed neither to have eaton nor drunk all the time he was in the castle. Auout an lioui bofoie tho staiting of the aftei noon coach, thoy saw lum leave the houso ill able, nppnicully, to crawl along Ho went down the hill towalds the town, nor once looked back They tinned and looked at each other. A profound pity for the wi etched old man was the feeling at that moment I believe in the minds of eich Then followed one of intense lehef and liberty, mel then a thud found shape as thus "Peihaps you would like to get nd of mo now, my lady, ' said Donal, " but I don t see how I well can leave yon I should bo miserable to think of jon boro in Ibis houso by j oui self w ould j ou h ive me go and fetch Miss Carmichael ' ' "No, cort unlj,"answ ci ed Arctura "I can- not, after what lins passed, apply to her the moment I am in tiouble " ' "I am glad yon think so it would bo to loso the ade tnra0cof join uncle not know ing what has become of jon " i '" I should cei tandy like to soo what he w ill elo next Just thmk, Mi Grant, if I wcieto | die now, the pionettj would pass into the i hnnds of my uncle, and then mto those of Foi gue '" "You cm make a will as joui father did," answeied Donal At ctm a stood thoughtful foi i moment "I am so ashamed of myself, Mi Giant1" she said "If Foi gue had soonci sought me, when I did not know anything against lum, ami when life was so toinbly duarj, I cannot say what I might not have been peisuaded to ' But tell me, is he such a bad man as I have sometimes leal ed' You dont think ho has any know ledge of this design of his father ' ' " I cannot think I w ill not believe ho w ould have allow ed you to d10 in the chapel, which I suppose his father must now intend-but-but -I should like to know what has become of pool Eppie '" It was not long before he learned [TO DI COMIMUID] RoiST Tisn-In a lecture on "Tish as Food," at the Tislienes Exhibition, Sir Hem y Thompson, the eminent surgeon, after stating that the bulk of fish is cooked eithei by boiling, frying, or broiling, all of which methods, especially that of boiling, involve much waste of nutt itive material, he continued -" But I now desire to call y oin ittention to another mode of cooking fish, which ought to be general, since it is applicable to all varieties, and has the advantage of retaining all the nutritive material, while the juices and the characteristic flavour of the fish arc piescrvcd in a manner not attained by any other process It consists in placing the fish, after the usual cleaning, entire, if of modeinte size, say fiom i sole to a small tin bot 01 doiy in a tin or plated coppei dish adapted to the foi m and sue of the fish, but a little deeper than the thickness of it, so as to i etam nil the juices, which by exposure to the heat w ill flow out, the surface to be lightly spi ead vv ith butter, and a morsel oí tw o added, the dish is then to be placed in a Dutch or Amorican oven, 01 with some other screen to reflect the ray s of heat, m front of a clear fire lhe advantages of tins method aro that the fish is cooked entirely m its ownjiuccs, which ai e abundant, and foi m the best sauce, and that these juices, which contain part of the nutrí mont and much of the characteristic flavour, arc saved and utilised, lastly, the direct action I of the fiie, biowiung the surface of the fish, gives that peculiar and appetising flav oin which is the especial charm of the 'i oast'and the 'grill,' and which is known to appreciative palates as'tasting of the fire' When served at the table the fink lcmains, of course, on the dish m winch the cooking has taken place. The method is susceptible of inmimei«iblo variations to accommodate diffcient tastes. Portions of fish prepaied as fillets may be treated as well aseHtirc fish , garnishes of all kinds, as shell fish &c; , may be added, flavotu mg also with fine herbs and condiments, accoi ding to taste I may add that the process may be conducted in au oven where a clear fire is really not to be had, w Inch is then, of com se, 01 dm iry baking but this dries the fish unduly , 01 the dish may be hist pi iced m the oven, and be finished befoie the hro, which is better Cooked, howcvei, as hrst described, such a dish may be welcomed at any tibie, m pie liai ing led mullet foi example, it is inimitable, and fui bett« than any otliet modi foi pie seiving then own nch ¿lavy and adnui ible flavour But the woiknif, man al«o can thus advantagcou ly cooli before his kitchen fire, ni a common Dutch oven, some fillets of plaice or skate with a slice or tv» o of bacon , the dish to bo filled or garnished with sonic previously boiled hancots, and by this means secure an economical and sa» oui y meal which is in the highest dcgicc nutritious." THE Rev. J. E. Tenison-Woeds is publishing a series of papers in the S.M. //«reiici describing the recent eruptions in tho Straits of Sunda. We take from one of them the following interesting extract :-"It may bo wondered at that, when such disasters wero happening on the coast, no losses were reported at sea, espe. cially as so many vessels are always passing and repassing through the Straits of Sunda! One ship, the Berbice, from New York, went very close to Krakatoa during Sunday night, The captain gives a fearful account of the eruption ; one extract from his log will suffice. It appears that as Captain Logon entered the straits, on the 20th, seeing the darkness anti flashes of light before him, he thought that a storm was coming on. Having shortened all sail, he kept his way, and at 6 o'clock it becamo suddenly dark, and ho entered a heavy shower of ashes. His cargo was, un- fortunately, petroleum. The entry of the log at midnight is as follows: - 'The ash-shower is -becoming heavier, and is intermixed with fragments of pumice-stone. The lightning and thunder became worse and worse ; the lightning flashes shot past around the ship; fire-balls con- tinually fell on the deck and burst into sparks. We saw flashes of lightning falling quite close to us on the ship ; heard fearful rumblings and explosions, sometimes upon the deck and sometimes among the rigging. The man at the wheel felt strong electric shocks on one arm. Tho copper sheathing of tho rudders be- camo glowing from the electric discharges. Fiery phenomena on hoard the ship manifested themselves at every moment. Now and then, when any sailor complained that ho had been struck, I did ray best to set his mind at ease, and endeavoured to talk the idea out of his head, until I myself, holding fast at the time to some part of the rigging with ono hand, and bonding my head out of the reach of the blinding ash shower which swept past my face, had to let go my hold, owing to a severe electric shock in tho arm. I was unable io move the limb for several minutes afterwards. I now had sails nailed over the hatches lest the five falling around should set roy inflammable cargo in a blaze. I also directed tho rudder to "be securely fastened, ordered all the men below, and remained on deck willi only my chief officer. At 2 a.m. on Monday, the 27th, the ashes, 3ft. thick, were lying on the ship. I had continually to pull my legs out of the ashy layers to prevent thom from being buried therein. I now called all hands oa deck with lanterns to clear away the ashes, though tho weather was unchanged, and the fearful electric phenomena, explosions, and rumbles still continued. The ashes were, hot, though not perceived to be so at the moment of their falling on the skin. They burned largo holes in our clothing and in the sails. At 8 in the morning thero was no change. At that hour it was still quite dark, and the ash-showers wore becoming heavier. Clearing away tho ashes was continually proceeded, with until 11 a.m. A high continuous wind, set in from the south-east, which varying afterwards made the ship list considerably from the weight of ash on our masts and rigging. A heavy sea carno rushing on about 3 in the morn- ing. It rose to a height of 20ft,, swept over the ship, making her quiver from stem to stern with the shock. Meanwhile the storm con- tinued. The mercurial barometer did not stand still for a single moment, but incessantly went up and down from 28in. to 30in. AVhen I went to examine my chronometers I found that thejr had all stopped, probably owing to the shaking of tho ship from the concussions, Up to G p.m. the darkness and the storm still continued, but the sea hud become calmer. Tho flashes of light showed it to be covered with pumice and ash on all sides. After this tho weather mode- rated and the sky cleared." ' IK Tasmania they do not say "weather permitting" any more. It is "earthquakes permitting" now. 