THE NOVELIST. JACK'S COURTSHIP/ A SAILOR'S YARN OF LOVE AND SHIP WRECK. Br w. Clark russell Chapter XXVI, mr. morecombe goes ashore, It was half-past 11 before any notice was taken of the Bignal, and then yon might have Been a white sail shining upon the sea to the right of the land that nad broadened ahead, and was now on either bow, and taking the unmistakable configuration of the Isle of Wight coast between Dunnose and St Catherine's Point All this while Florence had remained below, but suddenly on re moving my eyes from the Cowes pilot cutter that was coming down to us with a sharp heel of her mainsail, like the weather pinion of a gull rounding into the eye of a strong fale of wind, I glanced behind me and saw 'lonjnce and her aunt They both stood near the mizzenmast, and Miss Damaris was hold ing on to one oi the belaying pins that circled the spar. I was very completely taken aback by the sight of her, but had mind enough left in me to note her attire, which consisted of a small brown straw bonnet, over which was drawn the hood of a long thick cloak, so that with her sharp, hard, bony face peering out of the cavernous head-gear, she might very well have passed for a lean Roman Catholic priest rendered cadaverous by a large number of midnight vigils and mortifi cations. She did not look the sweeter for the spell of sea- sickness she had suf fered from, and her keen greenish eyes travelled swiftly nbout as she ran them over the sea, and the ship, and the passengers. When Florence met my glance, a slight smile curled about her mouth, and she looked up at the stopped ensign with a sort of in quisitiveness, as if she partly suspected what it meant, bat would like to make sure. I hardly knew what to do for a moment, whether to address her or "make tracks.' I was in a manner fascinated by the old woman, and my stare attracted her notice presently, for she gave it me back with a hit of a scowl that, so to say, forced me to act; so stepping up to her with a pluck at the brim of my hat, I said in my politest way that I was sorry to have learnt from her niece that she had been ill; would she allow me to get her a chair ? "No, thank you," she answered with a touch of old Hawke's pomp in manner, coupled with a large dash of acidity, and a brisk look of surprise at Florence, as if she wondered how her niece and I could have become intimate enough to talk about her in so short a time. " Will you tell me the meaning of that flag?" said Florence, with a world of sup pressed amusement in her face, and looking lovely beyond expression in her hat that was looped up on one side with a feather that rattled along the scuppers of it, and a warm tight-fitting jacket, with fur upon the sleeves and neck and bottom. " It is a signal for a boat," said I, " to take the pilot ashore. Yonder she comes—that white sail there.,r Just then Thompson parsed us, and seeing his old friend Damaris on deck he lurched up to her with a deep-sea bow. "Glad to see you up, Miss Hawke," says he; "but then you know yon're an old sailor, and I couldn't dream of allowing you more than one day to suffer from sea- sickness." I should want a month," she answered in her sharp manner, with a kind of peck forward of Iter scythe-like nose, much as a pigeon moves its head when it walks, "if I were not an old sailor, for of all rolling ships the Strathmore is the worst. Don't contra dict me. I'm sore of what I say. What have yon been doing with the vessel all this time, captain ? I hope there'll be no more pitching this voyage. It was shocking lost night—I wonder I have a whole bone left Never again will I take a stern cabin. Where are we, sir? What land is that?" Thelovely Isle of Wight,ma'am,"answered Daniel; " favoured by royalty, and the haunt of the gallant and dashing yachtsman." " Well, I'm sure you've taken time enough to reach it," she exclaimed. " We shall be heaving-to in a moment for that boat," said Daniel; "and then, Miss Hawke, when the pilot has dropped over the side," giving me a look that made me tremble, for I wanted no freemasonry of tbtft kind under the shadow of Damaris's hatchet coun tenance, " we will brace the yards around again and fairly start for beautiful Australia. < And a fine run we shall make, no doubt What do you think, Mr. Edgcmore ? By the way, Miss Ilawke. will you allow me to in' ~ ice an old schoolfellow of mine to y troduce an old schoolfellow of mine to you, Mr. ." " Egerton," I exclaimed, covering up the interpolation by a profuse bow, whilst Daniel left as to give some directions to the chief mate. Aunt Damaris inclined her angular body, and Florence pretended to be engrossed by the spectacle of the approaching pilot cutter. I could not help thinking that the sound of Egerton put a pleasanter look into the old lady's face. She ran her eyes over me In a sharp, quick inspection of my clot hes, paying close attention to my boots, and dwelling upon the silk handkerchief round my nock; and then said she, " Are you going to settle in Australia, Mr. Egerton?" " N—no. I think not," X answered; I'm just going to have a look round." " I hope you're not going out with the idea of making your fortune," said she. " Yonll be disappointed if that's your dream. Money is just as hard to get in Australia as in England. I mean gentlemen find it so. Mechanics and labourers manag& but there's no room for gentlemen." And fine cast her eyes upon the Isle of Wight» as though she would suggest that I had better get ashore whilst the chance remained, if I was going to Australia with the notion (hat I; could jnake toy fortune there as a gentleman. " l am not going to Australia for the sake of money." I replied, blandly. . 'Mamfond of travelling by water, and I fun particularly anxious to see the loyely .Bay of Sydney. " Florence looked roitod g£ though wishful rocaupi to check any approai^^|Mmvo(»non. But what tyas I to, gaffi'juw-fraa't toy whole exlstence on shipboard ttoul is called in Ireland a "toy?" Have you been sea sick, Mr. Egerton ?" sanding off the name as if very little movement in the ship now, and he ought to feel better. Do you know, Florence, I have a great mind to send the steward to him with my compliments and ask him to make an effort to come on deck. The sunshine and the air are sure to do him good," " You had better not interfere with him, aunt," said Florence quietly j "he will come on deck in due course. If the man is sick, it will be cruel to send him your compli ments." " Don't call him the man, Florence." ex claimed Aunt Damaris, with a kind of saw like sound in her throat, and her old nose gave another peck out of the hood. It was very certain from all this that she had no idea of how exceedingly ill More combe had been or was. Florence hod merely told her that he was eea-sick, and, having been confined to her cabin, the old lady had had no chance of learning the truth. It was no part of my policy to enlighten her. AU this while the pilot-boat was bearing down fast upon us, sweeping' along with a run, of snow past her glistening sides and the Bun shine pouring past her full on to the tower ing coast, that stood like a vast fortress upon the 6ea. Land was'in sight now all the way along our starboard beam, melting into mere faint blue blobs as the Sussex shore trended towards Worthing and Brighton, whilst right ahead you might just catch a glimmer of the coast about Durlston Point, with here and there a coaster or a smack creeping along. And now,, while Aunt Damaris seemed to be considering within herself whether she should send her compli ments to Mr. Morecombe, an order was shouted from the poop, the crew came tumbling aft, the lee main braces were let go, and the great yards, laid aback amid a deal of singing, and stamping, and yells of " Belay!" The ship, still leaning under the tower of canvas upon her, came to a stand, and you could hear the water washing with a sloppy sound all along her weather Bide, and just under the lee, where the shelter or the hull was, the oil-like surface was darkened by the skurrying of the draught blowing down over the rail and shooting away in a hundred swift lines like the track of the long-legged insects you see on the surface of a stream on a hot summer day. Now it all at once flashed upon me that I diould not be doing my duty either to Florence or my cousin Sophie if I missed the chance of the pilot going ashore to send a letter to my cousin to tell her t^iat More combe's presence aboard was the fruit of a conspiracy, and that my darling had no more idea than I that he was to make the voyage with her, and I also felt it due to my uncle's fine sense of the ridiculous to relate why and where Moiecombe's voyage had come to an end. So I said to Aunt Damaris, " Will you allow me to suggest, madame, that if you would like to write a last line to your friends ashore, now is your opportunity, as the pilot will be landing presently, and will take your •letter." She turned to Florence and said, "I wrote at Gravesend—there is nothing to add. Would yon like to write ?" I caught Florence's re sentful "No," as I walked away, thinking to I myself, " Nothing to add, eh, old girl! You'll | see presently." When I entered my cabin I found More combe, fully dressed, sitting in an American chair, llis luggage 1 had noticed piled under the break of the poop, ready to haiid over the side. The poor wretch looked so miserably ilj, so wan, haggard, death-like, that for the life | of me I couldn t help heartily \-- - _ , ly pitying him, and it was human nature perhaps that my sympathy should even stand higher than it would have done under other circumstances, for my triumph over him was enormous in all ways, too remarkable altogether not to ren der me very generous. I went to my trunk, saying whilst I looked for the writing-case, "Your sufferings will soon be over, Mr. Morecombe; the pilot cutterTl be alongside in twenty minutes or so." Wha's that you say?' he mumbled in a] thick voice, smiling meanwhile like an idiot The strong smell of brandy in the cabin, coupled with his manner, caused me to look at mm attentively, and I then perceived that he was intoxicated. I could not be surprised, for if ever a man's stomach was empty, his was; and when a fellow is in that state, you know, it does not take much to capsize him. He hod swallowed brandy plentifully in the night without appearing the worse for it, owing maybe to his sufferings; but here he was now with one caulker too many in him, and when his glazed eyes rolled in the hol lows under his brows and he grinned his imbecile grin as he said "Wha's that you say?" I thought to myself, "Oh, if Alphouso could only see his beauty now 1" I say, ole man," he cried in a kind of moaning guttural, "come ashore too, will yah? going t' Austwalia's dam wot Come along! Where's th* boat?" He tried to rise, but his legs buckled np under him aud he fell hack again, looking at his shanks with drunken gravity. "Can't stand," he mut tered. "What cursed wolfing—nothing's steady here—it's woll, woll, wolL I'll wits to the papers. Captain's awaskolly impu dent cweature—doctor's a duffer—dunno his business. I say, ole man, call steward, will yer!" I sent the steward to Mm, and sat down at (he cuddy table to write a few lines to Sophie, giving her all the news I could find time to put into my letter, and particularly dwelling upon Morecombe's drunken con dition at the moment of his departure from the ship. "Here, steward," said I to Hay, who had come out of Morecombe's cabin, " put (hat in the bag for the. pilot, will you ? And." lowering my voice, " try to hide the gentleman as you get htm over the side I mean, don't let the passengers see more of his condition than you can help—that is if you assist him to the gangway. Who's made him drunk r " Oh, himself, sir," answered Hay. " He's been calling for brandy all the morning. The doctor told me to let him havens much as he wanted. 'Anything, Mr. Griffith said. ' to Stop his retching till he's out of my hands.'" i returned to the poop, andiouhd the pilot boat within a quarter of a mile from us. coming along nobly, and our decks full of people watching her. All the cuddy pas sengers, Including Mra Jackson, lined the rail, and Florence and her aunt stood at the .break of the poop, moss to the starboard ladder, where they commanded the quarter deck and gangway. I perceived a little bit of femihltte melioe in this on the part of .Florence and when shetumed and spied me standing- a fathom o? two behind her, a gleamsbQt into her eyes that would nave made' me laugh outright bed not Aunt Ihmuds'.beeh within earshot. "Stand by readr with a line, one ^ ydu1"sm>goht the powerful ^cutter ^tSled^ld^ha for ""edher helm, ands weptalongaide. w^out ado spook hinds with Thomp ($'- all, he was sure, a prosperous , and dropped Into the nutter, < m ^eeunr hy a couple of paces to Aunt The second, m^on the main dying Ordbrs hl&ttt; More combes tdhii bo&k; c&a; sword-stick, and umbrella, and macintosh were handed along and passed over the Bide. Presently More combe himself emerged from the cuddy front, propped up by Hay and a couple of under - stewards. You never could have guessed how his spell of sea-sickness had changed him by seeing him in his cabin. The brilliant sunshine on the quarter-deck was the light to view him in. He turned bis inebriated tallow-white face up at the people who looked down at him from the poop, and I saw Florence take a step back with tne re coil of a person utterly dismayed. " Why," cried Aunt Damaris, in a quick, shrill voice, "it's Mr. Morecombe 1 Wh« here is he going ? What's the matter with him ?" And the whole of her face, with a foreground of brown bonnet, forked out of the hood, as she stretched her neck with her hands up and her mouth open. " How d'ye do, Miss Hawke ?" exclaimed the wretched creature, forcing the stewards to come to a stand, whilst he wrestled to free hisi arm that he might pull off his hat. " I'm going home. Too much wolling for me. Been half killed by following your avice. Take your love to 'Phonso ? Tell him no more wotten sailing ships for me. Good-bye, Capt'n—look out—I'll expose you for dwag ging me about when I'm (lying." By this time the condition of the man was plain to everybody, and the seamen and tween-deck passengers were all on the broad grin, some langhing out Even among us aft, where there would be more delicacy if not more sympathy, you might have heard an oc casional titter. " Now then, how long is the gent going to keep us waiting here ?" roared the hoarse voice of the pilot over the side. " Why, Florence," I heard Aunt Damaris exclaim, seizing her niece's arm, " has he gone mad ? Is he actually leaving the ship ?" " Ay," said the chief mate, who stood near, nnd who would not Buspect that Mr. More dombe was a friend of hers ; " nnd don't yon think it's time that he left ? Why, he looks a corpse, ma'am—and a drunken corpse too 1" he added with a half laugh. Meanwhile the stewards were shoving Morecombe towards the gangway; and being as I reckoned almost as much delirious as in toxicated, he was jabbering nonsense all the time, sometimes shouting ont, cursing and swearing, in such a way that Mrs. O'Brien, and Mrs. Jackson, and Mrs. Grant and her! daughter walked aft out of hearing, and Florence would have gone too, I beiicve, only that her aunt, who stood petrified, had a tight hold of her arm. It was like a row in a street to see the squalid crowd of emigrants pressing round Morecombe as he was bundled into the gangway. A pitiable sight truly, and very distressing to me; for after all the fellow was a gentleman, though a puppy and a fool; he had snffered fearfuiy, and if ever a drop too much was excusable in a man it was so in him at that time ; and I say it went des perately against my grain to see that chap as white as if he hod been confined to his bed room for Bix months, with his moustache be draggled, his hat jammed upon his head, his neckcloth awry, and his hollow face the merest phantom of the handsome countenance ne had brought aboard with him, drunkenly swearing at the captain and the ship, trying to address Florence and her aunt, and all the 'tween-deck passengers and sailors pressing around him and laughing at him and passing jokes. Never shall I forget the look of disgust in my darling's face. All her old dislike of the man was worked up into a sort of horror, and I give you my word she watched him as if he were some offensive kind of animal. Her aunt stood like a woman who beholds a ghost. I could see her gaping at him as her lean face shotout af.ber hood. She never spoke after her exclamation of amazement to Florence. Once I thought she meant to go down to him, but it was at that moment when his pleasant language drove the other ladies away, and Bhe never shifted her feet again uutil the sailors had handed Mr. Morecombe over the Bide. There was a rash of the passengers to see the cutter leave, and I supposed from the laughter which rang along that Alphonso's friend was making a sad fool of himself; but I had no chance of looking, for, when he was being bundled through the gangway, Florence had turned to me ana said, " What a horrid scene ! is he not intoxicated?" " Very much so," I answered ; " were he sober he would have less life in him." "I am astonished! I cannot believe my senses !" cried Annt Damaris. *' Surely he cannot be drunk! he most be mad." " I say, captain," bawled Captain Jackson from the rail where he stood looking at the cutter, and addressing Thompson, who was waiting for the boat to get away to haul the j main yards around, "can't you order the fel lows down here to shove> off and leave ns ? That drunken vagabond is swearing in a man ner not fit for the women folk on the main deck there to listen to!" "Is this Morecombe a friend of yours, madam?" said I to Aunt Damaris. "A friend? Why do you nsk, sir," she answered, with her sharp face full of bewilder ment, shame, and indignation. " He Bharea my cabin," said I, " and I can tell you about his sickness if you are suffi ciently interested to listen." " Oh, pray come away, pray come away!" cried she, " I cannot hear yon for the dis graceful noise those people are makingand she led the way aft, going indeed totheextreme end of the poop. The noise she complained of was the ironical cheering of the pas sengers as the cutter hoisted her foresail and went away. They had got wind of More combe's -reason for abandoning the voyage, and the very little sympathy that is under any circumstances felt for sick people was utterly extinguished in this case by the young fellow being drunk and using very disgraceful lan guage. I caught sight of him sitting upon the vessel's deck, feebly and idiotically waving his hat, whilst one of the cutter's crew with a broad grin on his face stood over him, and the'tween deck people roared with laughter and hurrah'd as the pilot boat, feeling the weight of the wind in her canvas, lay down to it and sped away with the intoxicated re presentative of blood flourishing his fist at the ship. ' Florence kept her back turned npon the sight Aunt Damaris took one peep with a most horrified look In her face, and then ad dressed me: " What were yon saying, Mr. Egerton? My mind is really in a whirl! What a disgraceful scene, Florence 1 I hope the passengers don't believe that he was a friend of oura ?" " "I am sure I don't know whether they do or not, aunt, and I really do not care, re plied Florence, looking at me with something like a little sunshine of merriment breaking out ofthe cloud of disgustuponheriace. " Did you say you could tell me anything about him, sirf exclaimed Aunt DamarlB, with a sharp peck other face at me as Bhe tackled me airesh. * "I knowhim only as a person who shared my cabin," I answered. "He was toces. sively seasick, and in my opinion Is well-ad yisea to leave fhe vessel. as I believe anothei day ortwoolwhat he called "wolling* would have killed him. I-was up pretty nearly ;all throughthe night with him. Iaheakentle m&at; Iw dispoQed to consider him re spectable until I heard his very wicked lan guage." " Don't ask me any qneationa about him!" cried the old lady. "Florence, could you have believed this of him ? Could you have im agined him capable of such conduct ?" My darling pursed up her %iouth and looked at her aunt steadily, then dropped her eyes without speaking. " What could be taking him to Australia?" said I. "He could not be going there for love of the people of that country, surely, for he spoke in great contempt of them. I hope, madame," said I, in the mildest tone I could assume, " that I shall not be giving offence if I declare liim, on my honour, to be one of the greatest asseB that was ever let loose by nature upon the world. If Captain Thomp son were not busy, I would call upon him to give you his opinion of Mr. Movecombe. Was he going to Beek his fortune ? You should have been boxed up with him, as I was, and listened to the imbecilities he delivered him self of in the intervals of his sickness. What could have induced him, do you conceive, to attempt a voyage of which the first 24 houra have very nearly killed him ?" " I have requested yon not to ask me any questions about him, sir !" exclaimed Aunt Damaris, shrilly. " Florence, come with me downstairs. I am quite unnerved. Could anything be more extraordinary ? Fancy leaving the ship drunk ; never giviDg any body the least idea of his intention—and think of the whole of his passage money being wasted !" And making a kind of snap at Florence's arm, she walked hurriedly to the - companion, giving me a stiff bow. just before she disappeared down the steps. 