ECHOES- OFi iELBOURNEB. " ,(BYriTIGnosn;) °....: The history of the week's Parliamenitary proceedings shows that. the lieginning of the end is at hand, and 'that the annual period of legislative "hibernation'" which inthese antipodean regions occurs` ii;full summer time,-is upon us. The Land and Railway BillB, 'the'! peces ; de resistanco of the session, only-;require a few fnluishing touches before they-are engrafted in the statute.book,ý and the Appropriation' Bill having been, passed,' the: work-of the Vic torian Legislature for the present year df grace is -crowned. ..The slaughter of the" innocents has this year been oon an un usually-limited scale; and the Legislative bantlings - doneo to ; death ,are for the -greator -part' of- the offspring of representatives outside of the Ministerial pale. The victims' numbered a round dozen, among :them the Early Clsing in Business °Establislui nts Bill occupying the pride of place as' a Government -mea sure. The list of ; slain consistse of the Stock Brands Regulation Act;the Substan tive General- Law Bill, the Parliiimentary Penalties Bill, the Inebriates Act' Ajiind ment Bill, the Party Processions: Bill, the Councils of-- Conciliation LBill, the Compul sory Life Assurance ?'Bill, the - Mining B6ard Election Bill, . -the Agricultural Colleges Bill, the Printers and News papers Statute' Amendment Bill, and the Statute of Trusts Amendment Bill. In all probability the omission of these nica sures from our .volume of the law - for a-: few. months will' not materially affect the . prosperity- • of the colony. Had any person predicted a wook'ago' that the very grave, not very'potent, and 'spas medically reverend seignors -that consti tute the Upper-'Chiamber- would 'have passed a resolution affirming the justice'of treating all thiel suburbs- of Melbouriie alike on the matter of' Sunday railway tidvelling, and amplified the prophecy -by opining that the Logislative- Assembly would not only hlave pproved the resolu tion, but capped it by recordiig 'thi coim mon.sense opinion that it was desirable to make no distinction bet~een town' and couinnry,!but.to:leave thoe question of 'run ning trains to any place they chose- on 'the first day- of-the--week -to the-Railway Commissioners; the propheb so vaticinating would forthwithlhave .been set down as a lunatic. The its '1_logic of facts would nevertheless have proved him right. : On the liotionhof Mr. Shields, it was resolved to Allo?bf;eWssrQ. Speight, Agg, and Ford to extend td??avellobr desirous of. using the State lines on Sundays the privilege.which has hitherto been enjoyed,-by, sacks of wheat on the count!y., railways. . Colonel Smith shares to a large extent- with the member for Normanby the credit of obtain ing for the public the long-denied ;boon. The honourable and. gallant member for Ballarat 'availed "himself. of..the process known to mathematicians as the reduclio ad absurdem to enforce his argument, with tho result that the Assembly resolved, without a division, that what was in the matter of locomotive privileges sauce for the metropolitan and suburban goose, was an equally fitting o oondimi~ t for the country-gander.- That a largo majority of the l?eopl of Vitdoria enddrse the isntion of their representatives in thoe Asseibly-is. beyond dispute.. . The riebbit:questioi isassuming propor tionseontirely.-out o keeping with the size of, the -animal.-J Bills -for" its suppression are introduced with a rapidity and fre 4uoney-.that iiials' the fecuindity of the' rodent itself. P-eople complain:'of. their' numbe's;,bit 'singularly enough;bunny is Seldom seen displayed in our. shops as an article of' fdod. Yet in our odrchards; our' corn feolds,our -pasturesour, malleo.fungi selections, and to: the minds'of our legis lators he is ever present.,' "Rabbits, rabbits, everywhere, and yet not one to eat,". might Coleridge ritli truth have written had he spent a, month in Mel bourne. If the furred pests were oftener found among the delicacies displayed in the windows of 'obute food purveyors, the ravages comniitted by'the?agriculturist's grey bete sndire would perhaps-be forcibly brought before the p!lblic. As it is, "out of sight out' of niind:" may be said of the rabbit: Perhaps if he wereminore frequently daten, we might be more forcibly, reminded of the fact that he is really eatinig others out of house and home. There is nothing like the human' stomach -for awakening hunman sympathies: . '" The short bill, lately passed by the As sembly, empowering the Government of the day to appoint one of the County Court judges temisporarily to, the Supreme Court Bench, is thought in somoequarters to dash Mr. Kerferd's hopes' of ore long donning the ermine. Time and the course of events will, holsvever, show this assumpition.to be unwarranted. While the political horizon remains as uncloumded' as' it is at iresedt,: the menber for Bcecliworth will retain his post in the'cabinet Bi?t before the present "' outs" become "ins," before the storm that sweeps the occupants of the treasury benches into the cold shades of Opposition benches, the Attorney-General will exercise' his right as ehief legal adviser of the Crown, and transfer himself to the '.£3000 per annum and the judgeship' Sir William Stawell's resignation will place at- his dis posal. The fittest man will; is a ni?tter of course, be selected,and as the selection rests with G-. B. Kerferd, memiber for Beech worth in the Legislative Assembly; the imost fitting individual will, in the opidion of that gentleman, be Mr. G. B. Kerferd himself. Lawyers are 'only poor weak mortals after alll " ' • If there he any truth in the adage "'The greater the sinner, the greater the sarint," the Salvation Army has allowed a first class opportunity of proving its regenerat ing influence to esciipe. 'Upjohn, the late finisher of the law, who was found too utterly disreputable even to carry out, his vile'office, has been dehied adinission td tlh:'ranks of: the l-initenut; Tlii is cer tainly calculated to cause deep regret. What 'opportunities, of "improving the occasion," afforded'by the presence of the late publid oxecutioner add .flagellator on the platform, have':boen thrown away'!: No reason has been 'assigned for excluding the would-be brothe, !and,; therefore, it is hardly faiir to comment on the'coirse taken by the "Army', in shutting its runks to so disreputably distinguihldd' ad l'individual. Perhaps the "lower depths" are too deep for the Salvatidnists to fathom, or perhlaps they. desire' to "draw. the. line. somewhere. Dickens's-barber ' drew it at chininey sweeps, Colonel Booth evidently draws it et hangmen. ' \- The forthcoming rifle competition is 'to be graced with the presence of the fair 'sex. This-is certaiily a step in the right direc-' tion;' It will teach. the men how 'to behave in' the. presence. -of.. the enemy. Not that that the ldies should in- any. sense be looked upon as the.foes.of the military. Buetif a rifleman can command the neces sary- amount of nierve and salig froid to enable hinm to rank5 as a ma.rksman under tliefire of the" biight glances levelled at him 'from every side, he will no doubt acquit himself quite as creditably under the ofire of the foe. English ladies of fashion were, 'not long ago, regular atten dants'at Hurlington,- where thliosanuds of innocent j , igeons were ruthlessly -slaughtcred in'tlheir presence by members of gun clubs. Why should not the elite of Victoria be' present at our rifle matches, where only one of the markers is occasion ally shot ?P W heTlethei. the present Coalition Ministry is' to blame, or'whether there is in existence soleed :other actuating cause, - it is much ,to -be:feared. that Victorian -morals are just now at a low ebb, At least this is the conclusion tdo u9hich any "intelligent foreigner ?' would beo-led on periusing the above notice published in connection with a ball held wsthin;a locality iun .full sight 'of- the dome of our niistro'poliffii Law Courts:-"The bonmmittee may exclude any lady they think proper." It is said the announcement caused a large attendance, of "proper'" married men. Excepting at the Bijou,where an adaptation of the novel of the "Ironmaster'" has re placed "Moths," there is no change in the programmes of any of the theatres. "The Professor' .still runs at' the Royal, ".In the IRanks," 'at the. Opera House, and "Estrella" at the - Princess.. Hiescok's Federal Minstrels, are firmly engrafted in 'the . public' favour iit the Victoria Hall. But at all: the places of amusement the audiences are more select than nummerous. The coming 'holidays are casting 'their shadows before them. "..: S:,December 6. ....... 