"CONFUSION." This eccentric comedy, is from the pen of Mr. Joseph Derrick, an author new to the literary and dramatic world of London. It was first pre sented on the stage at a special matinee performance given at the Vaudeville Theatre, Strand, London, on the afternoon of the 17th of May, 1SS3, on which occasion the parts were filled by the following ladies and gentlemen : Misses Kate Bishop, Sophie Lark n, Katie Lee, and Emma Ritta, Messrs. Phillip Day, C. Grove, J. W. Piggott, F. Desmond, and Fred Thorne. It was immediately pronounced a " brilliant success " by the bulk of the London newspapers. » The London Times, of May 18th 1883, writes in most favorable terms of the production. Itsays : — "Anew eccentric comedy, by Mr. Joseph Derrick, was produeed with very considerable success yesterday after-, ibon,'.at the'Vaude'ville Theatre, under \ the title of "Confusion." " Tlie'subject,' -'though -'Slight, " -is" —treated" -in- a thoroughly-'humorously manner. The ' confusion ' referred to arises from a ..pug dog and a baby being surrepti tiously introduced into'a young house- \- hold—the onp by the mistress ,t,who i sighs for, and UoflgsJor a domestic pift, and the other- by the housemaid wh'o is secretly maraied-to the butler. Out ' I of this situation, however, the author, has contrived to extract lots of fun r from the multiplicity of farcical I misunderstandings, between husband and wife, and bachelors and , spinsters ' which keeps the 'house, in merriment < for some two hours. The dialogue is lively, spaakling, and free, without a tinge of vulgarity, and;altogether the i comedy is considered as an unusually smart production. , The author, though 1 at present unknown in London, is | bound to make. his mark as a dramatic author." 1 » # . # ' 4 # I The summer, season at the Vaude ville, with Mr. Thomas Thorne as the 1 lessee and ' manager, commenced on , ' the 16th of July, 1883, and the opening play was "Confusion," supported by ' the following ladies and -gentlemen : — . Misses Winnifred Emery, .'. Laura ;Villiei's, Kate Phillips, and Sophie I Larkin, Messrs. G. Glenny, C. Groves, . J. R. Crawford, Henry Akliurst. VY. Lestocq, and Fred Tliorhe. The ( comedy was performed. '.nightly- for , over twelve months.tb crowded houses. ' A, London authority states that ( the , great and intricate ,-, drama, j ", Claudian,,' is likely to be.produced ' in Australia as Mr. James Dewhurst, ( who lias been- playing Holy Clement in J "Claudian.", through the - English V provinces, intends after the run of ( " Hamlet " at the Princess', in which ) he essays the part of The Ghost, to \ take,' '.Messrs. Willis and Merivale's r famous' drama ,-on a tour of of the J Colonies.' Mr. "Leonard Bpyne, will; \ if possible, be engaged for the title ( role. J 