Our Brisbane Letter. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) CAIRNS has come in for a fair share of attention this week in Brisbane. On Friday last the Port Douglas deputa- tion waited on Mr. Miles to urge the claims of that place to the Herberton railway, but they received very little encouragement, and the surveyors' re- ports published on Saturday afternoon gave the real idea as to where the line would go to on the coast. The deci- sion was as you have been advised far in favour of Cairns as the port ter- minus, and Mourilyan Harbour was not for a moment in it. The Port Douglas deputation by a course of action which does not do them much credit en- deavoured to show that the surveyor on the Cairns route, Mr. Monk, was biassed on account of owning land at your township, and they also argued that as the surveyor engaged on the Port Douglas route was very young and very inexperienced it was only fair that they should be granted a second survey. This the Minister consented to partially grant, but did not hold out any hope to the deputation that the reports of the surveyors would be altered. This second survey will occupy a lot of time, and the Port Douglas people are playing a very "dog in the manger" kind of game. I am not here going into a detailed account of the three routes surveyed; you have before this been supplied with all the details, but I would remark that the COURIER and OBSERVER, two of the Brisbane dailies, have spoken out very strongly in favour of Cairns being made the port for Herberton. Not only has the advantage she possesses on the land been argued in her favour, but it has been shown and very strongly pointed out that it would be impossible unless thousands of pounds were expended to make anything like a decent harbour at Port Douglas. It is considered here that Cairns is certain to get the line, and though the Mourilyan people are popping away at letter writing, still urg- ing their forlorn hope, they haven't the ghost of a show. I think you may de- pend, on the present Government to begin the line as soon as possible, but you Cairns people must not rest on your oars. Agitate for the speedy completion of the second survey for Port Douglas, and when that is done and there is nothing of the kind to delay you further, hold meetings and push on to have tenders called at once for the line As I read the reports of the railway surveyors on Saturday last on the various routes, old Dr. Myers' couplet which used to figure over the leaders in the old CAIRNS ADVERTISER.— Cairns you will yet see flourishing and great, Fortune help those who best know how to wade," flashed before my eyes. I thought of the neglected sleepy little coast village of three years ago, and then I imagined what your town would be three years hence. Cairns I have no doubt will before three years have passed be one of the principal towns of the North. The dark hours of hard times are flit- ting before the dawn of prosperity, and soon the full flood of social and com- mercial favour will have carried away all traces of the depressed periods which have marked the history of your town. This may seem poetical, but it is only proper to rap in a sentiment or two to show sympathy with the " liquid lines" which used in days gone by to adorn the columns of the old TIMES, and make rival editors—who weren't poets—mad with rage. The Premier and the Minister for Lands are away from us at present doing the central districts from Rock- hampton to Clermont, and Mr. Miles, as yon are aware, has been taking a run in the North as far up as Townsville. The two first mentioned have been well received everywhere ; they were ban- quetted and deputationised to such an extent that if they had wanted more they would indeed have been hungry. At Clermont they assisted in opening the railway line to that place, a line built by the late Government, and for which of course our present rulers will claim all the credit. There was noth- ing very new in the speeches of the hon. gentlemen at the banquet. Mr. Griffith expressed himself as thoroughly in accord with Mr. Dutton's land policy, and explained that if the Land Bill which is to be submitted to Parliament next session became law a loan would be entered upon, a loan, our worthy Premier said, he would not frighten his audience by mentioning the amount of at present. He skimmed very lightly over the labour question, but gave his hearers nothing new on that score. I mentioned in a previous letter that the present Ministry were not such a happy family as they should be. Thus to the Port Douglas deputation last Friday Mr. Miles said that he had a very poor opinion of the Divisional Boards Act, and advised the deputa- tion to petition for the repeal of it. At Clermont Mr. Griffith does not appear to have been quite in accord with this for he said the Divisional Boards were yery good; the best work the late Government had done was to pass that Act, and he gave them full credit for it. On this point the Premier and his Minister for Works do not appear to be quite in accord. Again, at a banquet at Beauaraba a few days before the Port Douglas deputation waited on him, Mr. Miles said in reference to the March rents that no selector should be pressed for payment ; no harsh measure would be taken if the people were not able to pay ; why the Government would have to wait until they were. Now, there was liberality for you, and there was joy for the selector ; but alas! the dream was soon dispelled. Mr. Dutton, the head of the Land Department, said that the Government had made certain contracts with the selectors which would have to be ad- hered to; it would be impossible to deal collectively with the cases of those who were not able to pay the March rents, but inquiry would be made, and if there was really distress the Govern- ment would not be hard ; but they would only be lenient where leniency was really deserved. This was rather different to Mr. Miles.' unqualified statement, and there you will see dear readers the variance between the two other Ministers. The criminal sittings of the Supreme Court are now being held, and the Chief Justice and Mr. Justice Harding are " double banking" the work, that is to say they are holding two courts; Before the Chief Justice one of the coloured hands of the s.s. Daces, named Sam Palmer, charged with murdering one of the East Indian firemen of the same vessel, was found not guilty. A larrikin named Campbell was sent up for larceny ; and John Agnew, a wharf labourer, was convicted of the man- slaughter of Bridget Lynch, and was sentenced to seven years penal servi- tude. , This is the case to which I re- ferred to in the previous letter as showing great bestiality on the part of the man Agnew. In sentencing him Sir Charles Lilley said he regretted he could not order the fellow to be flogged as well, and gave it to him very warmly as being one of those social pariahs who live on the earnings of outcast women, keep them down in their degradation, and blot out any posible hope of their reformation. Before Mr. Justice Hard- ing the prisoners in the Alfred Vittery case have been tried. The case began on Monday last. The evidence was concluded yesterday. To-day the counsel addressed the jury, and at the time of my writing the judge is sum- ming up. The case for the Crown seems very weak ; the principal wit- nesses were quite broken down by Mr. Virgil Power's very severe cross- examination of them, and it was shown by the Crown witnesses that the two Kanakas were trying to set fire to the ship when they were shot. The morality of your labour trade with the South Sea Islands does not appear to be improving in any degree. There are two prisoners, the captain and mate of the Jessie Kelly to be tried at this Court for kidnapping, and the captain and Government agent of the Stanley are before the Police Court similarly charged. The captain of the Jessie Kelly has also been committed for trial for a criminal assault on a native woman who had recruited. The evidence taken at the Police Court in this case disclosed a nice state of affairs at the islands. The Government agent admitted that it was the usual thing for the natives to bring their women off to the ships for immoral purposes and also that he was guilty of immoral conduct with female recruits the very night the offence was committed by the captain. It is further admitted by the husband of the woman alleged to have been out- raged that he received a shilling from the captain, and was a party to the committal of the offence. A nice state of things truly, yet this is what our Governments whether headed by McIl- wraith or Griffith seem to wink at. It seems a foul shame that the name of Queensland should be soiled by such episodes as those I have referred to. Mining matters on Gympie continue to flourish and there appears likely to be a continuance of the sensational yields from the Wilmot Extended and the Ellen Harking mines.. In the Luck- now Extended also good gold has been obtained for some time. The COURIER prosecution case came up at the Supreme Court on Wednes- day, and the 8th of April has been fixed for the hearing. Our cricketers are getting into fine fettle for the coming contest with the New South Wales team, and will I think give a much better account of themselves than they did against the Australian Eleven. Of course we send 18 to play. Brisbane, March 28. 