THE BBEAD-WINNERS. AN AMERICAN NOVEL. Chapter XIL— A Holiday not in the Calendae. The next morning, while Farnham was at breakfast, be received a note from Mr. Temple in these words: — 'Strikes will begin to day, but will not be general. There will be no disturbance, I think. They don't seem very gritty.' After breakfast he walked Aawn ta flip City Hall. On every street corner he saw little groups of men in rather listless con versation. He met an acquaintance crossing tbe street. 'Have you heard the news?' The man's fsce wss flushed with pleasure at having some thing to tell, 'The firemen and stokers bavo all struck, acd run their engines iuto f be ronnd-houEe at Riveriey, five miles out. There won't be a train leave or come in for the present'' 'Is that »U?' 'No, tbat ain't a start. The Model Oil men have struck, and are all over the North End, shutting up the other shops. They say there won't be a lick of work done in town the rest of the week.' ' Except what Satan finds for idle hands,' Farnham suggested, and hastened his steps a little to tbe municipal buildings, He found the chief of police in his office, tuffierirrg from nervousness and a sense of importance. He began by reminding him ot tbe occurrence of the week before in the wood. The cbief waited with an absent ex pression for the story to end, and then said, '.My dear sir, I cannot pay any attention to tuch little matters with anarchy threatening cur city. I must protect life and property, sir— life ard property.' 'Very well,' rejoined Farnham; 'lam informed that life and property are threatened in my own neighborhood. Can jcu detail a few policemen to patrol Along quin Avenue, in case of a serioas disturb ance?' 'I can't tell you, my dear sir ; I will do tha best I can by all sections. Why, man,' he cried, in a voice which suddenly grew a shrill falsetto in his agitation, ' I tell you I haven't a policeman for every ten miles of street in this town. I can't spare but two for my own house !' Fsrrham saw the case was hopeless, and vrer t to the office of the mayor. That official bad[as-umcd an attitude expressive of dignified and dauntless energy. He sat in a chair tilted beckon its bind feet ; the boots of the muni cipal authority were on a desk covered with cffietal papers ; a long cigar adorned his elo qiunt lips : a beaver hat shaded his eyes. He ctu not change his attitude as Farnham cr+crtd. He probably thought it could not be changed for the better. ' Good-morning, Mr. Quinlin.' 'Good- morning, sirrto you.' This saluta tion wss uttered through teeth shut as tightly as the integrity of the cigar would permit. ' Tbere is a great deal of talk of possible disturbance to-night, in case the strikes extend. My own neighborhood, I am told, has been directly threatened. I called to ask whether, in case of trouble, I could rely on acy assistance from the city authorities, or whether we must all look out for ourselves.' The mayor placed his tlrembs in the arm holes of his waistcoat, and threw his head back so that he could stare at Farnham from below his hat brim. He then said, in a measured voice, as if addressing an assembly : ' Sirr, I would have you to know that the wcrking men of BufHand are not thieves and ?robbers. In this struggle with capital they have my profound sympathy. I expect their conduct to be that of perr-fect gentlemen. I, at least, will give no orders which may tend to array one class of citizens against another. That is my answer, sirr ; I hope it does not disappoint you.' 'Not In the least,' said Farnham, putting on his hat. ' It is precisely what I should have expected of you.' ' Thank you, sirr. Call again, .sirr.' As Farnham disappeared, the chief magis trate of the city tilted his hat to one side, shut an eye with profoundly humorous significance and said to the two or three loungers who had been enjoying the scene : ' That is the sort of T-rail I am. That ycung gentleman voted agin me, on the ground 1 wasn't high-toned enough.' Farnham walked rapidly to the office of the evening newspaper. He found a man in the counting-room, catching flies and trimming their wings with a large pair of office shears. He ssid, ' Can you put an advertisement for me in your afternoon editions ?' Tbe man laid down his shears, but held on to his fly, arjd looked at his watch. ' Have you got it ready ?' 'Nc, but I will not be a minute about it.' 'Be lively ! You haven't got but a minute.' He picked up his scissors and resumed his surgeiy, while Fambam wrote his advertise rcent. Tbe man took it, and threw it into a tin box, blew a whistle, and the box dis appeared through a hole in the ceiling. A few minutes later the boys were crying the paper in the streets. The advertisement was in these words : — 'Veterans, attention ! All able- bodied veterans of the Army of the Potomac, and especially of the Third Army Corps, are re quested to meet at seven this evening, at No. —Public Square.' From the newspaper office Farnham went to a gunsmith's. The dealer was a German ssd a good sportsman, whom Farnham knew very well, having often shot with him in the marches west of the city. His name was Leopold Grossbammer. There were two or three men in the place when Farnham entered. He waited until they were gone and then said — ' Bolty have you two dozen repeating rifles?' 'Ja wohl! Aber, Herr Golt, was machen Sie derin damU?' 'I don't know why I shouldn't tell you. They think there may be a riot in town, and they tell me at the City Hall that everybody must look out for himself. I am going to try to get up a little company of old soldiers for patrol duty.' 'All right, mine captain ; and I will be the first freiutiMiger. But I don't dink you wants rifles revolvers and clubs — like the pleecemen -dat'sdedickefc.' ' Have you got them 1' ' Oh jot,' and the belts thereto. I got der gOEdract to furnish 'em to de city.' 'Then you will seed them, wrappad up in bundle?, to my office in the square, and come yourself there at seven.' 'Freilich;' said Leopold, his white teeth glistening through his yellow beard at the prospect of service. Farnham spent an hour or two visiting tbe proprietors of the large establish ments affected by the strikes. He found, as a rule, great annoyance and exasperation, but ed panic, Mr. Temple said, 'The poor ? fools !I felt sorry for them. They came up fcere to me this morning— their committee, they called it— and told me they hated it, bat it was orders, * Orders from where ?' I asked. 'From the chiefs of section?,' they said; end that wbb all I could get out of them. Seme of the beat fellows in the works ware on the committee. They put 'em there on pur pose. Tbe sneaks and lawyers hune back.' 'What will they do if the strike should 'ast?': asked Farnham. 'They will be supported for a while by 'he other mills. Oar men are the only ones that have struck so far. They were told off to make the move, just as they march out a certain regiment to charge a battery. If we give in, then another gang will strike.' ' Do you expect to give in ?' 'Between ns we want nothing better than ten days' rest. We want to repair our fur naces, and we haven't a — thing to do. What I told you this morning holds good. There won't be any riot. The whole thing is solemn fooling, so far.' The next man Farnham saw was in a far less placid frame of mind. It was Jimmy Nelson, the largest grocer in the city. He had a cargo of perishable groceries at the station, and tbe freight hands would not let them be delivered. 'I talked to the rascals,' he said. ' I asked them what they had against me; that they was injuring Trade !'— a deity of which Mr. Nelson always spoke with pro found respeot, 'They laughed in my face, sir. They said, 'That's just our racket. We want to squeeze you respectable merchants till yon get mad, and hang a railroad presi dent or two !' Yes, sir; they said that to me, and five thousand dollars of my stuff rotting in the depot.1' ' Why don't you go to the mayor? ' asked Farnham, though he could not suppress a smile as he said it. 'Yes, I like that!' screamed Jimmy. - 'You are laughing at me. I suppose the whole town has heard of it. Well, it's a fact. I went and asked that infernal scoundrel what he was going to diJ. He said his function was to keep the peace, and there wasn'* a word in the statutes about North Carliny iyater- melons. If I live till he gits ont of office I'll Jick him.' ' Oh, I think j'*-« won't do that, Jlrnmy.' 'You think I w^i't!' said .Nelson, ab3- lnteJy incandescent «?*& the story of hi* wrongs. 'I'll swear by Matthew, Mar& Luke, and John that I will thrash the hide off him next spring— if I don't forget it' Farnham went home, mounted his hone, and rode about the city to see what progress the strike was making. There was little dis order visible on the surface of things. The 'sections' had evidently not ordered a general cessation of labor; and yet there were curious signs of demoralisation, as if the spirit of work was partially disintegrating and giving way to something not precisely lawless, but rather listless. For instance, a crowd of workmen were engagedindustriously acd, to all appearance, contentedly upon a large school-building in construction, A group of men, not half their number, approached them, and ordered them to leave eff work. ' The builders looked at each other and then at their exhorters in a confused fashion for a moment, and ended by obeying the summons in a sullen and indifferent manner. They took off their aprons, went to the hydrant, and washed their hands, then put on their coats and went home in silence and sbamefaceduess, amid the angry remon strances of the master-builder. A little farther on Farnham saw what seemed like a builcique of the last performance. Several men were at work in a bole in the street ; the tops of their heads were just visible above the surface. A half-grown, ruffianly boy, witn a cootwaeirs box slung over tits shoulder, came up and 3houted — 'You ? rats, come out of that or we'll knock the scalps effn you ' The men without even locking to see the source of the summons threw down their tools and got out of the hole. The boy had run away. They looked about for a moment, as if bewildered ; and then one of them— a gray-headed Irishman— said— 'Well, we'd better be a-lavin' off if the rest is,' and they all went away. In this fashion it came about that by night fall all the squares and public places were thronged with an idle and expectant crowd, not actively mischievous or threatening, but affording a vast mass of inflammable material in case the fire should start in any quarter. They gathered everywhere in dense groups, exchanging rumors (and surmises, in which fact and fiction were fantastically mingled. 'The rolling-mills all close to-morrow,' said aeaUow and hollow-eyed tailor. 'That'll let loose twenty thousand men on the town — big brawny fellows. I'm glad my wife is in Claiifield.' 'All you know about it! Clairfield is twice ss bad off as here. The machine shops has all struck there, and the men went through the armory this afternoon. They're camped all along Delaware-street, every man with a pair of revolvers and a musket.' 'You don't say so!' said the sebneider, turning a shade more sallow. I'd better telegraph my wife to come home.' 'I wouldn't hurry,' was the impassive reepocse. 'You don't know where we'll be to-morrow, They have been drilling ail day at Biveriy, three thousand of 'em. Toe j '11 come in to morrow, mebbe, and hang all the railroad presidents. That may make trouble.' Through these loitering and talking crowds Farnham made his way in the evening to tho office which he kept, on the public square of the town, for the transaction of the affairs of his estate. He hod given directions to his clerk to be there, and when he arrived found that some half-dozen men had already assembled in answer to his advertisement. Seme of them he knew ; one Nathan Kendall, a powerful yoong roan, orignaUyfrom thenorth of Maine, now a machinist in BunUnd, had been at one time his orderly in the army. Bolty Grosshammer was there, and in a very short time some twenty men were in the room. Farsham briefly explained to them his intention. ' I want you,' he said, ' to enliit for a few days' service under my orders. I cannot tell whether there will be. any work to do or not ; but it is likely we shall have a few nights of patrol at least. You will get ten dollars apiece anyhow, and ordinary day's wages besides. If any of you get hurt I will tiy to have you taken care of,' \- All bnt two agreed to the proposition. These two Boid ' they had families and could not titk their skins. When they saw the advertisement they had thought it was about pensions, or the county treasurer's office. They thought soldiers ought to have the first chance at good offices,' They thec grumblingly withdrew. Fartbam kept his men for an hour longer, arranging seme details of organisation, and then dismissed them for twenty-four hours, feeling assured that there would be no dis turbance of public tranquility that night. ' I will meetyou here to-morrow evening,' he said, ' and you can get your pistols and sticks gnd your final orders.' The men went out one by one, Bolty and Kendall waiting for a while after they had pone, and going out on the side-walk with FfcTDbam. They had instinctively appointed themselves » sort of bodyguard to their old comic ander, and intended to keep him in sight utitil he got home. As they reached the door, they saw a scuffle going en upon the side-walk. A well-dressed man was bsing beaten and kicked by a few rough fellows, and the crowd was looking on with silent interest. Farnham sprang forward and seized one of the aEsailants by the collar, Bolty pulled away another. The man who had been cuffed turned to Kendall, who was standing by to help where help was needed, and cried, 'lake me away somewhere, they will have my life !' an appeal which only excited the jeers of the crowd. ' Kendall, take him into my effisey' said Farntam, which was done in an instant, Farnham acd Bolty following. A rush was made — not very vicious, however — and the three men got safely inside with their prize, and bolted the door. A few kicks and blows shook it, but there was no movement to break It down, and the rescued man when he found himself in safety, walked up to a mirror there was in the room and looked earnestly at Ms face. It was a little bruised and bloody, and dirty with mud, but not seriously injured. He turned to his rescuers with an air more of condescension than gratitude. 'Gentle- men, I owe you my thanks, although I should have got the better of those scoundrels in a moment. Con you assist me in identifying them?' 'Oh, it is Major Quinlin, I believe .'' said Farnham, recognising that functionary more by his voice than byhisrumpled visage. ' No, I do not know who they were. What was the occasion of this assault?' ' A most cowardly and infamous outrage, sir,' said the major. 'I was walking along the sidewalk to me home, and I came upon this gang of ruffians at your door. Impatient at being delayed — for me time is much occupied — I rebuked them for being in me way. One of them turned to me and insolently enquired, ' Da you own this street, or have you just got a lien on it?' which unendurable insult was greeted with a loud laugh from the other ruffians. I called them by some properly severe name, and raised me cane to force a passage — and the rest you know, Not, gentlemen, is there anything I can do V Farnham did not scruple to strike while the iron was hot. He said, 'Yes, there is one thing your honor may do, not so much for us as for the cause of order and good govern ment, violated to-night in your own person. Knowing the insufficiency of the means at your disposal, a few of us propose to raise a subsidiary night- patrol for the protection of life and property during the present excite ment. We would like you to give it your official sanction.' 'Do I understand it will be without expense to my— to the city government?' Mr, Quinlin was anxious to make a show ot economy in bis annual message. ' Entirely,' Farnham assured him. .'It is done. Come to-morrow morning and get what papers you want. The sperrit of disorder must be met and put down with a bold and defiant hand, Now, gentleman, if tbere is a back door to this establishment, I will use it to make me way home.' Farnham showed him tbe rrear entrance, scd saw him walking homeward up the qaiet street : scd, coming back, found Bolty and Kendall writhing with merriment. 'Well, that beats all,' taid Kendall. ' I guess I'll write home like the fellow did from Iowa to his daddy: — 'Come out here, quick. Mighty mean men gits office in thii country.' 'Yes,' assented Bolty. 'Dat burger meister ish better as a circus mit a drick mule.' 'Don't speak disrespectfully of digni taries,' said Farnham. ' It's a bad habit in soldiers.' When they went out on the sidewalk the crowd had dispened. Farnham bade his recruits good-night and went up the avenue. They waited until he was a hundred yards away, and then, without a word to each other, followed him at that distance till they Ettw tim enter his own gate. Chapter XHL— A Bot-Y Sunday fok THE MATCHJK5S. Matters were not going on pleasantly in the Mat chin cottage. Maud's success in gaining an eligible position, as it was re garded among her friends, made her at once an object of greater interest than ever ; but her temper bad not improved with her cir cumstances, and she showed herself no more accessible than before. Her father, who naturally felt a certain satisfaction at having, as he thought, established her co well, regarded himself as justified in talking to her firmly and seriously respecting her future. He went about it in the only way he knew. 'Msttie,' he said one evening, when they happened to be alone together, ' when are you and Sam going to make a match?' Sba lifted her eye* to him, and shot out ? look of anger and contempt from under her long lashes that made her father feel very small and old and shabby. 'Never !' she said quietly. 'Come, come, now,' aaid the old man; 'just listen to reason. Sam is a good boy. and with what he makes and what yoa make ? ' ' That has nothing to do with it, I won't discuss the matter any further. We have £ad it all out before. If it is ever mentioned »g^in, Sam or I will leave this house.' 'tfoity-toity, Missy! is that the way you tsfcegcod advice ?' Bat ahe was gone before he could sfe' another word. Saul walked npand -Jown tbfl «»m a few moments, taking very ihort atejj^j and eolacmg his mind by mutter ing to hunsi-'lf. '* Well, thntfa what I get by having a scho. Win the family. Learning goes to the head antf (he heels — makes 'em proud and skittish.' He punctually communicated his failure to Sam, who received the news with a sullen quietness that perplexed still more the puzzled carpenter. On a Sunday afternoon, a few days later, h received a visit from Mr. Bott, whom he wel comed with great deference and some awe, as an ambassador from a ghostly world of un known dignity. They talked in a stiff and embarrassed way for some time about the weather, the prospect of a rise in wages, and other such matters, neither obviously t&king; any interest in what was being said. Suddenly Bott drew nearer and lowered his voice, though the two were alone in the shop. ' Mr.*M»tehuv' he said, with an uneasy grin, 'I have come to see you about your daughter.' Matcbin looked at him with a quick sus picion. ' Well, who's got anything to say against my daughter ?' ' Oh, nobody that I know of,' said Bott, growing suspicious in his turn. ' Has any thing ever been said against her. .- ' Not as I know,' said Saul. ' Well, what have you got to say ?' 'I wanted to ask how you would like me £s a son-in-law ?' said Bott, wishing to bring matters to a decision. Saul stood for a moment without words in his astonishment. He had always regarded Bott as ' a professional character,' even as a 'literary man,' he had never hoped for so lofty an alliance. And yet he could not say that he wholly liked it This was a strange creature— highly gifted, doubtless, but hardly comfortable. He was too ' thick' with ghost*. Ote scarcely knew whether he spent mast of his time ' on earth or in hell,' as Saul crudely phrased it. The faint smell oE phosphorus that he carried about with him, which was only due to his imperfect ablutions after his Eeances, impressed Saul's imagination ai going to show that Bott was a little too inti mate with the underground powers. He stood chewing a shaving and weighing the matter in his mind a moment before he Btibwered. He thought to himself, 'After all, he is making a living. I have seen as much as fivedcllarsatoneof his seeunses.' But the only reply be wasable to makotoBott'spoint blank question was :— 'Well, Idunno.' The words were hardly encouraging, but the tone was weakly compliant. Bott felt that his cause was gained, and thought he might cbafier a little. ' Of course,' he said, ' I would like to have a few things understood, to start with. I am very particular in business matters.' 'That's right,' said Saul, who began to think that this was a very systematic ani methodical mac. ' I am able to support a wife, or I would not ask for one,' said Bott. 'Exactly,'Viaid Saul, with'effoaion ; ' tint's just what 1 was saying to myself.' ' Oh, you was !' said Bott scowling and hesitating. 'You was, was you!' Then, after a moment's pause, in which he eyed Saul attentively, he continued, *' Well — that's so. At the same time lam a business man, and I want to know what you can do foryourgirL' 'Not much of anything, Mr. Bott, it you must know. Mattie is makin' her own liv ing.' *' Yes. That's all right. Does she pay you for her board !'' 'Look here, Mr. Bott, that ain't none of your business — jet, anyhow. She don't pay no board while she stays here ; biit that ain't nobody's business.' ' Oh, no offencs, sir, none in the world. Only I am a business man, and don't want misunderstandings. So she don't? And I suppose jou don't waat to part with your last child — now, do you ? If s like breaking your heart-strings, now, ain't it ?' he said, in his most sentimental lecture voice. ' Well, no, I can't say it is. Mattie's wel come in my house while I live, but of course she'll leave me some day, and I'll wish her joy.' ' Why should tbat be ? My dear sir, why should tbat be?' Botfs voice grew greasy with sweetness and persuasion. ' Why not all live together? I will be to ycu as a son. Maud will soothe your declining years. Let it be as it it. Father SauL' The old carpenter looked up with a keen twinkle of his eye. 'You and your wife would like to board with us when you are married? Well, mebbe we can arrange that.' This was not quite what Bott expected, but he thought best to say no more on that subject for the moment. Saul then asked the question that had all alone been hovering on his lips. ' Have jou spoke to Mattie yet?' The seer blushed andsimpered. ' I thought it my duty to speak first to you ; but I do not doubt her heart.' ' Ob, you don't !' said Saul, with a world of meaning,/' You'd better find out. You'll find her in the house.' Bott went to the house, leaving Svul pcnderiDg. Girls were queer cattle. Had Mattie given her word to this slab sided, lanky fellow? Had she given Sam Sleeuy tbe mitten for him ? Perhaps she wanted the glory of being Mrs, Professor Bolt. Weil, she could do as ahe liked ; but Saul swore softly to himeelf, 'If Bott comes to live effen me he's got to pay his board.' Meanwhile the seer was walking, not with out some inward perturbation, to the house, where his fate awaited him. It would have been hard to find a man more confident and more fatuous ; but even such fools as he have their moments of doubt and faltering when they approach the not altogether known. He had not entertained the slightest question of Maud's devotion to him the night she asked from him the counsel of the spirits ; but he had seen her several times since that, and she had never renewed the subject. He was in two minds about it, Sometimes he imagined she might have changed her purpose ; and then he would comfort himself with the more natural supposition that maiden modesty had bean too much for her, 'and that she was anxiously awaiting bis proffer. He had at last girded up his loins Uke a man, and determined to know his doom. He had first ascertained the amount of Maud's salary at the library, and then, as we see, had endeavored to provide, for his subsistence at Saul's expense; and now nothing was wanting but the maiden's consent. Re trembled a little, but it was more with hope than fear. He could not make himsoif believe that there was any danger — but he wished it were over and all were well. He paused as he drew near the door. He was conscious that his hands were disagreeably cold and moist. He took out his handkerchief and wiped them, rubbing them briskly together, though the day was clear and warm and the perspiration stood beaded on his forehead. But there was no escape. Hel knocked at the door, which was opened by Mand in person, who greeted him with a free and open kindness that restored his confidence. They sat down together, and Maud chatted gaily and pleasantly about the weather ond the news. A New York girl, the daughter of a wealthy furrier, was reported in the newspaper as about to marry the third son of an EDglish earl, Mand discussed the advantages of the match on either side as if she had been the friend from childhood of both parties. Suddenly, while she was talking about the forthcoming wedding, the thought occurred to Bctr, 'Mebbe thii is a hint far me ;' and he plunged into his avowal. Turning hot and cold at once, and wringing his moist hands as he spoke, he said, taking everything for granted. 'Miss Maud, I have seen your father, and be Gives bis consent, and you have only to say the word to make us both haopy.' 'What?' Anger, surprise, and contempt were all in the one word and in the flashing eyes of the young woman, as she leaned back iu her rcckicg-chair and transfixed her unhappy suitor. 'Why, don't you understand me? I mean— ' 'Oh, yes, I see what you mean'; Bat I don't mean ; and if you had come to me, I'd bavo saved you the trouble of going to my father.' ' Now, look here,' he pleaded, 'you ain't a-goicg to take it that way, are yon? Of course, I'd have come to you first if I had 'a. thought you'd preferred it. All I wanted was ? ' 'Oh,' said Maud, with perfect coolness and malice— for in the last moment she hod begun heartily to hate Bott for bis pre sumption — ' I understand what you want. But the question is what I want— and I don't want you.-'' The words, and still the more cold, mono tonous tone in which they were uttered, stung the dull blood of the conjarer .to anger. His mud-colored face became slowly mottled with red. 'Well, then,' be aaid, 'what did you mean by coming and consulting the aperrio, sajing you fas in love nth a gentleman ? ' Maud, flushed crimson at the memory awakened by these words. Springing from, her choir, she opened tho door for Bott, and. stM, 'Great^S^.g , tte i(ttpn3enc|i oi RM™™ V *&»««-UEht I meant yoat' . Bc«V%%out«f the-door Uke-a whipped «30tmtf,rwiihn»Jef*eeaEdh*ngingbeaa. As he l*»ca kytbe doorcf the ?hop, Swl hailed him, and said, with a smile, 'What lack?' Bott did not tarn bis head. He growled out a d'iep imprecation sod walked away. Hatchia «m hardly sor prff ed. He mused to bims'itt 'Itboagbt it was funny that Mattie shejld aackS»m Sleeny for that fellow. I Fiees he didn't ask thesperrits how the land Uy;''cbocHing«»er the discomfiture of the 'seer. Spiritualism ia the moat convenient religion in the world. You may disbelieve two-tSirdB of it and yet be perfecUyorfhodox. Matching though a pillar of the faith, always keenly enjoyed the ctefeatand rout of a median! by his tricksy andTebeUjons ghosts. He~wss still laughing to ftimnaif over 'the retreat of Bott, thinking with some paternal fatuity ot the attractiveness and spirit of his daughter, when a shadow fell across hltn, and he saw Offitt standing before him. ' Why, Offitt, is that yon. I did not hear you. You always come np as soft as a spook '.' *^. -.^ *? . .? .in ? , m ? tat veo, xc&vc; me. «¥ nere a oam i '?SBurapme'to Shady Creek on an excur sion with his lodge. My wife went with him.' ' I wanted to *ee him. I think » heap 01 S.m,' 'Soio L Sam is a good fellow.' ' Excuse my making so free, Mr. Matchin, but I once thought Sam was going to bea son in law of 3 ours.' 'WeM, T)etwi3* vs, Mr. Offitt;, I hoped so myself. Bat you know what girls is. She jest wonldnH.'' 'So if a 'all done, is it? No chance for Ssm ?' Offitt asked eagerly. 'Hot as touch as you could hold sawdust in y one eye,' the carpenter ans wared. ' Well, now, Mr. aiatehin, I have got some thing to »sy.' (' Qh, Lordy !' groaned S»ul to bin.;F'! ; 'here's another one.') 'I wouldn't Ufa: v-radvKntage of a friend; bat if Sam's, pot no chance, as you say, why shouldn't I try ? With sour permission, sir, I will.' 'Now look^ye here, Mr. Offitt. I don't know m I have got anything against you, bat I dont know nothing far yon. If it's a fair question, how do you make your livin'1' 'That's all right. 'First place, I have got a good bade. Fin a locksmith.' i ' So I have heard yon say. Bat yon don't work at it,' 'No,' Offitt answered ; and then assuming a conudentialair. he continued, 'An I am to be one of the family, I*il tell you. I don't work at ray trade, because I have got a better thing. I-am* Reformer.' ' You don't ssy !' exclaimed SauL 'I never heard o'yoer Jcesuriu*.' ' I don't he ? u re. I am secretary of a grand section of Ij , r Reformers, and I git a good salary fori' ' 'Oh. 1 see,' said Saul, not having the least id*~ of what it ail meant. Bat, like most f a; Lers of his kind, he made no objec tion to the man's proposal, and told him Us daughter was in the house. As Offitt walked away, on the same quest where Bott had so recently come to wreck, Saul sat smiling, and nursing his senile vanity with the thought that there were not many mechanics' daughters in Bnffl&nd; that could get two offers in one Sunday from 'professional men.' He eat with the contented inertness of old men on his well-worn bench, waiting to see what would be the result of the inter new, 'I don't believe she'll have him,' he thought. ' He ain't half the man that Sam is, nor half the scholar that Bott is.' It was well he was not of an impatient tem perament. He eat quietly there for more than an hour, as ttill as a knot on a branch, wondering why it took Offitt so much longer than Bott to get an answer to a plain ques tion ; but it never it occurred to him that he had a right to go Into Mb own house and participate in what conversation -was going on. To American fathers of his class the parlour is sacred when the daughter has company. There were several reasons why Offitt stayed longer than Bott. The seer had left Maud fiiatchin in a state of high excitement and anger. The admira tion of a man so splay and ungainly was in itself insulting, when it became bo enterpris ing as to sronose marriaee. She felt as if she had suffered the physical contact of some thing not clean or wholesome. Besides, she had bees greatly stirred by his reference to her request for ghostly counsel, which had resulted in to frightful a failure and mortifi cation. After Bott had gone, she could not dismiss the subject from her mind. She mid to herself, ' How ©an I live, hating a man as I hate that Gaptwn Famham? How can I breathe the same air with him, blushing like a peony whenever I think of him, and turning pale with shame when I hear his name ? That ever I should have been refused by a living man ! What does a man want,' she asked, with her head thrown back and her nostrils dilated, 'when he don't want me?' As she was walking to and fro, she glanced out of the window and saw Offit approaching frcm the -direction of the shop. She knew instantly -what his errand would be, though he had never bt£6re said a word to her oat of the common. 'I wander if father has sent him to me — and how many more has he got in reserve there in the «hop ? Well, I will make short work of this one.' But when he had come in and taken his scat, she found it was not so easy to make short work of him. Dealing with this one was very different from dealing with the other — about the difference between handling a pig and a panther. Offit was a 'human beast of prey— fartive, sir, and elusive, with all his faculties constantly in hand. The sight of Maud excited him like the Bight of prey. His email eyes fastened upon %er ; his sinewy hands tingled to lay hold of her. But he talked, as any casual visitor might, of immaterial things, Aland, while she chatted with him, was preparing herself for the inevitable question and answer. 'What shall I say to him? I do not like him. I never did. £ never can. Bat what shall I do ? A woman is of no use in the world by herself. He is not such a dunce as poor Sam, and is not such a gawk &8 Bdtt I wonder whether he would make me mind ? I am Afraid he would, and I don't know whether I would like it or not. I sup pose if I married him I would be as poor as a crow all my daje. I couldn't stand that. I won't have ham. I wish he would make his little speech and go.' Bat he seemed in no hurry to go. He was tatting TOlnbly about himself, lying with the marvellous fluency which interest «nd practice give to such men, and Maud presently fouad herself listening intently to his stories. He had been in Mexico, it seemed. He owned a silver mine there. He got a million dollars out of it, but toek it into bis head one day to avertumtheGovernmen^andwa? captured and bis money 'taken ; barely escaped the garrote by strangling Bis jiilor ; owned the mine 'Mill, 'and should go back and get it someday, when he had accomplished certain purposes in this country. There were plenty of people who wished he was gone now. The President had sent for -him to come to Wasbicgtoz} ; he wetsi, and - was a$ked to breakfast, nobody there but them two ; they ate off gold platet l-.ke he used to in Mexico ; the President then offered him a hundred thoneend to leave, was afraid he would mike trouble; told the President to make it a million and then he wouldn't. His grand father was one of tfce richest men in Eorope his father ran away with his mother oat of a palace, 'iron must have heard of my father, General Offit, of Geprjry? No? he was the biggest slaveholder in the state, I have got a claim against the Government now that's good for s million if it's worth a cent ; going to 'Washington nest winter to prosecute it.' Mand was now saying to herself, ' Why. if half this is true he is a remarkable m»n,' lite many other crednlous people, not reflect ing that when half a man says is false tha other half is apt to be also. She began to think it would foe worth her while -'-a red feather in her cap— to refuse such a pictu resque person ;? and then it occurred to her that be had not proposed to marry her, aad porsibly bad no such intention. As bis stream of talk, -dwelling -on his owaacts of valor and craft, ran on she began to feel slightly piqued Tit its lack of -reference to herself. Was this to be a mere afternoon call after all,- with no combat and no victory ? She felt drawn, after a white, to bring her small resources of coquetry into play- She. interrupted him with saucy doubts and questions; she cait at him smiles and glancfeF, looking up that he might admire her eyes,' and down that her lashes might have their dne effect He interpreted all these signs in a favor able sense, hut still prudently refrained from committing himself, until directly chal lenged by the blnsh and simper with which she said :- 'I suppose you must have seen a great many pretty ladies in Mexico V He waited a moment, looking at her steadily' ntttU'. her eyelids trembled and fell, and then he said, eeriontly and gravely— 'lotted to -think «o, bat I never saw there or anywhere else as pretty a lady as I see at this nitrate.' This -was the first time in her life that Mand 'had heard such words from a mao. Sam Sleeny, with all bis dumb worship, had never found words to tell her she wn oeiu tifuJ, and Bott was too «rossiy taeliih aad dull to have thought of it. Poor Sleeny. who would /lave given his life for b»r, hij not wit- enough to pay her -a compliment. Offit, whote love was as little generous *w the hunger of a tiger— who wished only to get her into his power, who cared net in eae ltmst by what mesas lie should moeom plish this, who was ^perfectly willing to ts»ve her find cat an his -falsehoods the - 4«y after her wedding, relying upon his brace strength to retain her thenr- tats conseienoe- ' less feaave isade mare progress, -than -5am *y merries «f the inreet -devotion. Tet the im pression he made was not altogethjar pleasant. ?J h'reting for admiration as silo did, there was it. her mind anindistiaet consciousness that the man was taking a liberty ; and, in the lUQo'en lush o£ color to her cheek and brow at Offitt's words, there was' at first almost M much a&£er as pleasure. But she had, neither the dignity nor the training required for the occasion, and all the reply she found was — ' Ob, Mr. Offitt, how cap. jou say so?' ' I ens eo,' he answered, with the same nn smilteg gravity, 'because if s the fact. I nave been all over the world. X have seen thousands ot beautiful ladies, even queens . and markisses, and I never yet saw and I never expect to see snch beauty as yours, Miss Mand Masnhin, of Bufflftnd. 'She still found no means to silence him «r defend herself. She said with an uneasy laugh, ' lam sore I don't see where the won derfoine&ntyis.;' 'That's because your modesty holds over your beauty. But I see where it is. If s in your eyes, that's like two stars of the night ; in y oar forehead, that looks full of intellect and senee ; in your rosy cheek and smiling lipB ; in j onr pretty little bands ana leet— ' uero she suddenly rolled up her hands in her fritted white apron, and Bitting np straight, drew her feet under her gown. At this per. formance they both laughed load and long, and Maud's nerves were relieved. 'What geese we are!' she strid at last, 'You know Z don't believe a word you »y.' 'Oh yes, you do. You've got eyes and a looking-glass. Come now, be honest. You know you never saw a girl as pretty as your self, and yon never saw a man that didn't lore yon on sight.' ' I don't know about that.' ' Don't all the men you kno w love you.' 'There is one nan X know hates me, and I hate him.' ?? Who is it? This is very interesting.' Maud was suddenly seized with a desire to tell an adventure, something thatmight match Offitt's tales of wonder. 'You'll never tell?' ' Hope I may die.' 'It's Arthur Farnham !' She had suc ceeded in her purpose, for Offitt stared at her with looks of amazement. ' He once wanted to be rather too attentive to me, and I did not libe'it. So he hates me, and has tried to in jure me.' ' And yon don't like him very well !' 'I don't. I would owe a good deal to the man who would give him a beating.' 'All right. Yon give me— what?— a kiss, or a lock of your hair, and he shall have his thrashing.' 11 You do it and bring me the proofs, and we wiU talk about it' ' Well, I mart be off,' he said, picking up his hat. He saw on her face a slight dis appointment. He put oat bis hand to take leave. She folded her arm*. ' You needn't be in such a harry,' she said pcutiugly. 'Mother won't be back for ever eo long, and I was half asleep over my book when you came in.' 'Oh, very well. That suits me.' He walked deliberately across the room, picked up a cbair, and seated himself very near to Maud. She felt her heart beat with something like terror, and regretted asking him to stay. He had been very agreeable, bat she was sure he was going to be disagreeable now. She was afraid that if he grew dis agreeable, she could not manage him as she could the others. Her worst fears were realized with his first words. 'Miss Matchin, if you ask me to stay longer, you must take the consequences. I am going to say to you what I never said to mortal woman before ; I love you, and I want jou for my wife.' She tried to laugh, ' Oh, you do ?' but her face grew pale, and her hands trembled. 'Yes, I do; and I am going to have you too.' He tried to speak lightly, but his voice broke in spite of him. 'Ob, indeed?' she replied, recovering her self with an effort. ' Perhaps I'll have some thing to say about that, Mr. Confidence.' ' Of course ; excuse me for talking like a fool. Only have me, and you shall have evtrj thing else. All that wealth can bay shall be yoore. We'll leave this doll place and go around the world seeking pleasure where it can be found, and everybody will envy me an beanteous bride.' 'Thafs very pretty talk, Mr. Offit; but where is all this wealth to come from ?' He did not resent ihe question, but heard it gladly, as imposing a condition he might meet. ' The money is all right. If I lay the money at your feet, will you go with me? Only give me your promise.' 'I promise nothing,' said Maud; 'bat when sou are ready to travel, perhaps you nay find me in a better humor.' Thewcrds seemed to fire him 'That's promise eeough for me,' Tie cried, and put out bje arms towards her. She struck down his hsnes, snd p'Otectrd with sadden cattish ' Let me bIceg. Don't sou come so near me. I don't like it. Now you can go,' the ndAfd. 'I have got a lot to ttuak sbr.ut.' He thought he would not spoil his success by staying. 'Gocd-bve, then,' ho said, kiss ing his fingers to her. 'Good-bye for a little vhiJe, my own precions.' He turned at the door. 'This is between us, ain't it?' 'Yes, what there is of it,' she said, with a smile that took all sting from the words. He walked to the shop, and wrong the ole man's hand. His look of exaltation caused Saul to say, 'All settled, eh?' ' No,' t aid Offit ; ' but I h&ve; hopes. And now, Mr. Matchin, youknowyoung ladies and the ways of the world. I ask you, as a gentle man, not to say nothing about this, for the present, to nobody.' S»a), proud of bis secret, readily promised. (To be continued.) 