Jo's Ideal. By Jeakkib Lbckett. The shearicg season Ws just over at Yarrau. The shearers tad taken their cheques and gone further south, where the season was later, and where they 'on'y hoped' they might meet with other «beds equal to the one at \ar« ran, though for their part they didn't expect it not by a long chalk— no, nor yet such a master as Mr. Miller neither, to say nothing of the manager, as was everything a manager should be. The wool had been despatched to the metro polis, and had there realised the highest price in the market. And ia the breathing time that has followed Yarran hts shown what it is capable of m the matter of enter tainments. '. -? A ball in the wonlshed on an immense scale was followed a week or twp af torwaids by a gigantic picaio. Baoh wai ireated to a detailed and very eulogistic deaorip&oa; ia the columns of the. Sivertna Times, coming -s they did in the shape of 'godsend,' when neither snakes nor gigantic turnips were in season, and the two together formed, the staple subject of conversation for weeks afterwards. Mr. Miller was voted by all and sundry as the very prince of good fellows, and, by an overwhehning majority, Tiis only daughter, Josephine (otherwise Jo), was acknowledged to be the 'belle' as she most certainly was the quean of eaoii entertainment. - ? . . ? But just bow au entertainment with which wears more immediately concerned is taking place. The scene of it is the large drawing-room, and a more suitable room for the purpose than that same drawingiroom at Yarrau is not iu my humble opinion very easily found. It opens into a smaller room, whfch in its snog oosiness seems to possess an irresistible attraction for elderly people. The party is com posed very, largely ot young people, and all are together in the drawing-room. If they Jbave not enjoyed themselves eo far, then appearances are even more deceitful than they are supposed to be. Even the young ladies who are jeabna of Jo Bay they never 'In all their lives' enjoyed them selves ae much as they are doing to-night. The ball was delightful, and the picnic was as nice as it ismedble even for a pfnio to be, bat the entertainment to-nig&t;, being of a less ' mixed ' character, is '. just lovely,* Of the -dozen or so young men present it would be no, exaggeration to say that more than, half of th«m are in love with Jo. . Of the rest two are her toothers, Bob aad Will, who in their own way idolise hor ; and two have given up sighing fpr her, because they know- that even if they sighed their eyes, oat their sighing would be in vain. They have therefore consoled themselves by saying, ' If she be not fair to me, what care I how fair she be ? ' and have turned their * regards elsewhere. Amongst the small minority left one was engaged before Jo came home from school, and another haB only met her fpr the first time to-night, and. the chances are 10 to 1 that he'll be in iove with her before the even ing ie over. In fact,, he is showing premonitory .symptoms even now, at which I do not wonder in the least. Neither would the masculine reader if such a one were acquainted with oar dainty, bright-eyed Jo. Indeed, he would fall in love with her himself . Do I in fancy hear thatsuppoti / titioufl reader exclaim, 'What! fall in love with a girl named Jo £1? Does he even go so far as to add 'Not for Jo P.' Then. let. me cay in return if that eame reader had been .fortunate enough to have known Mke Jo -that is ' when she was Miss Jo— he would not have cared a fig what ? ? her name was, he would have even come to like it, having begun by liking the owner of it much more than- was good for his peace of mind. Bat from this digression on the subject of her name we will return to Jo herself. She has been a leading spirit in the dancing, charade-acting, asd \- -other amusements throughout the evening, and just now has proposed something new as a means of entertainment, She has lately been reading a good deal about . ' knighte of old romance,' ' chevaliers,' ' vows of fealty,' and so on. So she has proposed that each gentleman present shall draw by lot the name of a lady, to whom be is to vow fealty for a year and a day. After taking the vow, tokens are to be exchanged, and each' brave knight is thenceforward bounc* to obey all reasonable behests of his ' ladye fayre ' till the time specified expires. ' But how if more than one of us should wish to choose the same ' fayre ladye ? ' said Jack Carter, looking at Fred Mason, the young man who is showing premonitory symp toms of falling in love with Jo, with just the suspicion of a' jealous gleam in his eyes. But wishes have nothing to do with determining the allotment ; that is entirely left to fate, Jo tells him. The name of each fair damsel is forthwith written on a , ' dip of paper, the paper folded and placed on a tray, and, with hie eyes tightly bandaged, each knight takes the fire slip his fingers touch. Six out of the seven who wished to draw Jo's name were of course bitterly disappointed, and what was worse had to hide their disappointment and smile, and bind themselves to obey the behests of six other fayre ladtes. The seventh was Jack Carter. He gained his wish certainly, but he was not therein so favoured by fate as was supposed. . I blush to record it of him, bat the fact is Jack didn't trust his chances entirely to that fickle dame. The means by which he managed to forestall * any possible intentions on her part in favour of. any one else were for a long time afterwards known only to himself; They were, however, perfectly successful, and- the result entirely satisfactory to himself. Not so to Jo. She would have prefered any one of the six disappointed ones to Jaok. If she had got her wish she would have been drawn by Fred Mason. He was new, for one thing, and then he was not unlike the hero of a novel she had jnst read. As for the others, she had known them too long to allow of any hidden possibilities of a romantio nature remaining unsounded as far as they were concerned. Indeed for the most part they had been weighed in the balance. and found wanting. Amorous they were certainly— rather too much so Jo thought-^bnt in such a matter-of-fact prosaic way that was. wearisome to her in the extreme. This with regard to the others, but as for Jack Carter he had been almost as much her brother as Bob and Will ever since she could remem ber. His father's station joined Yarran, and except during the time that she was away' at school, not many, days bad passed since he had been able to toddle without her seeing him. Oh yea, she was certainly very fond of Jack, but just in the same way that she was fond of Bob and Will, and Jack's sister Mary, so the idea of him going on bended knees and vowing fealty to her was nothing short of rtdiculous. Still the vows had to be uttered, and Jo had to put the 'best face on it, and go through with ir. and she* didtoo, for there was nothing petty or spiteful about Jo. But Bhe almost laughed in Jack's face as he knelt before her. He certainly did look ridiculous, especially when he whispered, 'Do yon think a riding-whip will do for a token, Jo r I bought such a beauty the other day, and you broke yours last week, you know.' When she came to think it over later it occurred-to her that after all she would not have liked to see Jaok kneeling to anyone else, especially to Selipa Jarvis, who, Bhe was aware, had a liking for Jack. But it was provoking too that Fred Mason should have diawn Selina. Even though he would have rather not— of that Jo was certain— still' no had taken the vow upon him to obey all her behests fora year and a day, and who could tell what might happen in that time P Selina was rather pretty, and young men are eo susceptible, as Jo very well knew, and then she never had seen any one so like a hero of a novel as Fred Mason. Indeed he'almoet came up to Jo's ideal. Not that she was constant to one ideal. No, that changed with nearly every book she read. There was a time when by idealising Jack a good deal he almost came up to the standard. But just now it was very different. Jack was the same, of course, but the ideal was changed. At present he was to some extent founded ou the ' Corsair.' He had dark unfathom able eyes, and Jack's were merry and brown. His hair was black as a raven's wing and curly ; Jacks' was curly, or it would have been if he hadn't kept it too short, but then it was light brown. And, qjorse than all, there was nothing mysterious about Jack's 'face. He couldn't have looked mysterious if he had- tried ever so. No, he was not a bit like Jo's ideal, and ft was no use trying to think so. Jo felt quite cross with Jack when he came next day with the riding-whip. : ; -??'.'??? ?? You'll take it, won't you, JoP' he eaid, wondering why she didn't look pleased. ' I thought you wanted a whip; and look here's a place for your initials. -I'll have them put in next time I go to town, if you like.' « Thank you. Jack,*' Jo answered. ' It is very nice.' ' But you don'tseem pleased, Jo.- What is the matter?'.' ' Oh, nottdng; but— :' ' : 'Butwbatr1 'Oh,ean'f you see how ridiculous for you to be my knight, JackiP 1 might just as well have Bob or Will. You've been my brother ever since I can remember.' 'Yes, but I can be your brother still, just the same. That needn't prevent me being your knight as well.' t ' That's all very well, Jack ; but, then, if anyone else so* much as looks at me I suppose you'll be getting jealous. I'm sure it '11 come to that, and then it '11 end in our having a quarrel : and we've never had a quarrel yet— at least not a real one.' .' ; ' I don't want to quarrel with you, I'm sure, Jo; .but you wouldn't have liked me ;to draw anyone else, would youP' said Jack, wisely ignoring' the subject of jealousy. ' ?- ' Of cottwe'nflrt, Jack ; but perhaps you wish It P I know Selina Jarvis would have been only too glad if you had drawn her. So perhaps it's a pity yon didn't/' said: Jo, turning the attack in a most unexpected manner. ' But I'm sure I didn't want to draw Selina Jarvis. You surely don*t think that, 3pV ' . ' Oh, well, we intuit only make the best of it; and I do like the whip;; have you come to take me out for a tide ? ' Jo answered. v,:'1 .- ' ' -,:''''' - :.,- , ' Yes, I came for the purpose. But you'll give me some littktbingfbratokenf— that flower you are wearing, or a bow of ribbon, or Vnyfiiing.'*. * 'Upon my word Jack, you are .too ridiculous. Why, people will think we are engaged if yon goon like that.' 'Well, what if they did?* : ' . ' Oh, Jack, can't you see how absurd such an idea would be? But there, JI ' will give you something. Jack,' she added, as Jack was turnimraway witha look on his face that somehow hurt her and made her angry at the same time. What she did give him was a copy of Byron's poems. « Heie, Jack,'' «*» «**» ' IJflwwight you'd like this better than a new one. I've had it a good while; and I've jnarked ail the parts I like best.' a Jack was not particularly fond of poetry of any kind, an4 be considerea Byron somewhat of a caft. Bat 2» took 1 the book, and was very careful to read all the 'marked passages.' And then he wished most devoutly that nature bad. provided him -with a gloomy, inscrutable (whatever that might mean) kind (if brow.- He even went bo far a& to try to cultivate a gloomy appearance, witii very indifferent success. Indeed he only succeeded so far as to look sulky. He tried to become pale and this, by sitting up Ute at night; but nature was too much for him there, and he couldn't keep awake. '.. ? ? ? ?? ' . As lime went on he began to wish that nothing had occurred to disturb the old - order of things. For. somehow the old happy days, when Jo had treated him as a brother, laughed at him, and scolded him, and quarrelled with him, but made it up the next minute, were gone,' and nothing better had come to take their place. Still there was some small consolation in the thouphtfJiat Jo's ideal hero would soon have to give place to « fresh one. On this point she had always given him her confidence, and he knew when the dethronement of a discarded ideal, to make room for a fresh one, was about to take place, by certain signs and tokens to which he held the key. He temembered how she had tried to give form and substance to a former ideal in his person. It amused him very much at the time. They were out rid'njr, and in the midst of an exciting chase after a kangaroo, when Jo pulled up suddenly (regardless of shouts from Bob and Will of, 'Come on, Jo! The dogs have donned him !') and, looking up at Jack with her big gray eyes, said* quite gravely, ' I do wish, Jack, that vou were three or four inches taller, «*nd had blue eyes and, yellow hair.' ? ' Oh, do youP' Jack had said, wishing she had waited till after the ' death ' to say eo. ' I'm sure I don't. I'm nearly six feet as it is, and I never did like blue eyes and yellow hair in a man.' ' That's because you don't understand things, Jack. But the worst of it is one never meets with anyone fit to be a hero in real life-nat any rate I never have.' ' . ? ' Nbt.if if e necessary for them to be six feet five— it's not likely! What awkward-looking brutes they'd be if you did,' Jack had replied, Bornewhat incoherently, laughing so that he almost rolled off hie horse. ' Well, Sir William Wallace was as tall as that, and he didn't look awkward,' Jo had answered, in atone that admitted of no reply: But Jack's ideas had changed somewhat since then. At the present stage cf affairs he would very willingly have added several inches to his stature if he oould, and he wouldn't have minded m the least having green eyes and red hair if in that way he could have conformed to Jo's ideal. ' ' She's sure to get a fresh one before long,' he said to himself — or rather to his reflection in the glass. 'And then she'll go to the other extreme. The worst of it is, I'm neither one thing nor another. I wish I could get hold of a novel wfth a hero that had brown hair and eyes— and an idiotic expression.' Jack did certainly look rather idiotic just then, though not more so than young men in love for the first time generally look. He was quite right iu his prognostications: The Byronic ideal was displaced to make room for his suc cessor a short time afterwards. Not long before this 'A Princess of Thule' fell into Jo's hands. In the heroine she thought she saw a likeness to herself. Sbe had big gray eyes, like here, a fresh healthy complexion, and dark brown hair. Then if Sheila was a princess, Jo was a kind of queen. She was certainly Queen of Yarran; Her father and brothers idolised her, she was almost worshipped by the servants, and all the young men of her acquaintance— who were not yet dis carded lovers— were her devoted slaves. So the Byronic ideal was doomed, and his dethronement and the elevation of the hero— little as be deserved that honour— followed as a matter of course. tJnfortunately for Jack, he. had blue eyes and fair bair. What was a more insuperable difficulty still, he was an artist, and looked like one, while Jack had nothing that even a stretch of imagination oould call artistic in his appearance. Be would have found no difficulty in detecting the good orl»d points in the picture of a horse or dog, or even sheep, but in respect to any other subject the veriest daub might have been by one of the ' old masters ' for all he couid have told to the contrary. So poor Jack's chances seemed as hopeless as ever. ? . -Notwithstanding this, he was faithful to his allegiance, the only matter for regret in that being that the behests of hB ' fayre ladye ' ' were so easy to fulfil and of so commonplace a nature. He could, however, but wait with what patience he could command for the dethronement of the artistic ideal. But, alas for Jack! the new ideal, when hoisted, seemed to to put his chances quite out of court. The aesthetic craze ustat that time began to manifest itself in the currant literature, end to it Jo fell a ready victim. In this case, as there was some latitude allowed. with regard to complexion, Jo set herself to the task of bringing , Jack up to the standard. - And as far as honest effort went, he certainly met her halfway. He applied himself vigor ously to the, task of learning the patter of the aesthetic school. He planted beds of lilies, and sowed sunflowers in every available corner ; and when they bloomed he laid the flowers as offerings at the shrine of his. ladylove. Bui he couldn't get, limp and cadaverous-looking. He tried hard, it was no use. If he could have come across a kind of pill or potion warranted to make people bilious-looking, I feel sure he would have given it a trial. He tried to starve himself in order to get thin and limp. He used to go with out* bis breakfast, and then, after his morning's work con nected with his share of the management of bis father's' station was over,, he would ride to Tarran with a bunch of lilies or sunflowers— he nearly put his foot in it one day. by taking a bunch of marigolds, thinking they were a kind of Bunflower— in order to make as much capital as possible out of his hungry appearance, and- then he would gallop home and devour dinner enough for a couple of ploughmen. . He succeeded in bringing on an attack or two of indigestion, but he didn't get thin. Still he would have cheerfully gone on trying if something had not occurred to change the aspect of affairs. .This was neither more nor less than the arrival on the scene of an aesthetic of the first water. His name was Fitz Herbert — the Hon. Clarence Fitz Herbert. He had only just arrived in the colony, and desiring to see something of station- life had been recommended to Yarran by an old friend of Mr. Mfller'e, to whom hejiad presented the most unexceptionable letters of introduction. Sis name, Jo thought: was perfectly lovely, and when' the owner of it appeared she found in him her latest ideal personified. He waa pale and thin, and limp to a degree that made him a walking wonder, whenever he exerted himself so far as to walk, which was not often. ' , ' \- But'he.was aesthetic— very, though his love of the Beautiful never found very enthusiastic expression. That would have required, an amount of exertion of which he was altogether incapable. His horror of the Ugly only found expression by a kind or faint shudder, but that to Jo soeri^ mote empbatio than s wearing. - His passion lor the Beautiful was of that rapt, soulful, kind which only aesthetics of , the highest order could ever hope to experience. ' ' ? . Jo soon made the discovery that she had learnt but the A, B, C, of the asthetio school. She was quite -horrified at her former ignorance, and great was the humility with which she sat at the feet of this new Gamaliel -to be instructed. As for Jack, she was intensely ashamed to think she had ever fancied . it possible for him to become a worshipper of the Beautiful. Strange to «iy. Jack, though withsuoh a perfect model before his eyes, did not even attempt to reach the higher plane of ffisuetidsm. Perhaps because the hopelessness of the task was so apparent, or perhaps he had other reasons ; at any rate he didn't try. ~ What was even worse, iie professed to- ieel an utter con tempt for the whole subject, He pulled, up the sunflowers and lilies, and planted pumpkins and cabbages in their place. He said that in his opinion a pumpkin flower was ust as beautiful, as a sunflower, and that if a cabbage could not compare with a lily in regard to beauty ft could give it pointB and beat it on the score of usefulness. He even went so far as to call it ' buncombe,' and used so many quite naughty expressions in a talk -with Jo about it that Bhe felt quite ashamed of him. ; 'If you talk like that, Tack, Pll disown you. I believe it's nothing but jealousy makes you do it. Though I don't see what right you have to feel so.' ' Jealousy of what P Or whom F1 asked Jack. . ** You know quite well,' ♦?No, I'm blest if I do! You surely don't mean, that stick of a Fitz Herbert P For my part I don't think him worttit.' ' - ? . In my opinion Jack wm guilty of something approach ing mendacity in his* disclaimer. At any rate he neve- hated any of the idealistic heroes with such intense hatred as he felt towards this worshipper of the beautiful. ' ' Y-ra talk like'that juet to aggravate me, Jack; and I'll never speak to y»u again— -there !' ' ' Very well, Jo,'rsaid Jack, with an air of resignation and -despair combined. ' But you'll say good-bye first ?' 'Whatfor?' ' Because I'm going away. I can't stay so near you if you won't *peak to me.' 'I didn't mean never at all, Jack.' 'Well you said never,' Jack replied, which was very foolish of him. He ought to. have known that Jo's sex never like to have their own words tamed against them, or taken literally when they don|t mean them to. At any rate Jo didn't like it; for, stamping her foot, she said, ' 'Did IP Then I must have meant it. And you may go— to Jericho if you like !' jo forgot that slang— at least common slang— was not admitted into the aesthetic vocabu lary. '?*'.-? ' Very well, Jo. You'll explain to your father and the boys. Tell Bob he may have Blink Bonnie, and Will may have his pick of the dogs. I'd give him ray gun only I shall need to take it with me. I'm going to have a turn at the Zulus on my way,' said Jack, whose geographical ideas were rather hazy. ' On your way where f' asked Jo. ' To Jericho, of course. I must go where you tell me to. I've never refused to obey any command of yours since I took the vow of fealty. But I may get killed on the way by the Zulus, or — or Bidouins.' He was going to s%j Arabs, but substituted Bedouins, thinking it sounded more ferocious. '?* WeH, what are you standing there grinning' for ? Why don't you go ?' said Jo, with another .stamp. ' I wasn't grinning that I'm aware of ' (to tell the troth there was the ghost of a smile on his face); 'I'm only waiting for you to shake hands, and say good-bye.' But Jo only, put her hands behind, her back, and glared at him. 'You won't P Then I suppose I must go without,'' said he, adding, as he slowly turned] away, ' You'll tell Bob to ,be kind to Blink Bonnie.' Jo stood looking at Jack's slowly retreating figure, think ing it strange that she had never before noticed how -erect And shapely he was. But when he got atout halfway to the gate.— they were in the garden at the time— she called out in sharp, peremptory tones, *? Jack 1 ' ' But Jack didn't either pause or look round. Then a little louder and with the faintest sign of per suasiveness in the tones, . * 'Ja-pk!' , But that young gentleman might have been a post for all the notice he took. It was only when he was through the gate that he turned round— to shut it of course. But it wouldn't shut, for Jo had bold of it. ' Oh, you are going to say good-bye, after all, Jo ! ' he said then. 'No, Dm not, Jack. Come here; I want to speak to you.'.. And Jack came back into the garden a little quicker— certainly a little quicker than he went out. 'New, Jack, listen to me,' Jo said, after dragging him to a covered-in walk close at hand. 'You say you're my knight, and that you are bound to do everything I tell you 'Yes, Jo ; I'm only 'too pleased to do anything you wish.' ** Very well, Jack. Then I tell you not to go to Jericho — nor to those horrid Zulus. Nor where those other things are— was it lions you said. Jack ?' 'No— Bedouins.' ?'What are they, Jack?' ' They're wild men who live by robbing and murdering travellers.' They're in thousands about Jericho.' ' Well, it doesn't matter, Jack, because you're not going. You understand, you're not to go P' '* very well, Jo. But is there anything else you'd like me to do instead V' , ' Yes, Jack. I want you to promise never to speak as you did this morning. . If you don't understand things — and I'm sure you don't, Jack— the best thing you can do is to say nothing about them.' ' But some day I might get to understand— if I .studied the subject thoroughly P' ' Oh, then, you may speak, of course, Jack.' ' Very well, Jo, I promise.' And Jack kept his promise. But he made it 'his business to study the tabooed subject, as he had a particular purpose in view. ? . ? . Time went on without any alteration in the state of affairs till the anniversary of the day on which the ceremonial took place that bound Jack and his fellow-knights had come round. In the evening all the party who had witnessed and taken part in the ceremony were there, except two. ' These two were Fred Mason and Selina Jarvis, who had at about 11 o'clock on that very day entered into a lifelong partnership, and were now some miles away on their honey moon trip. Jo had been bridesmaid,-nd ha4 kissed the bride, and wished her joy in all sincerity, and bad not even hinted to her, or any one else, that she might have occupied the j)08ition*of one of the principals in the ceremony if she had wished. But in that matter Fred had remained faithful to his vows of fealty to Selina, for she had never told him not to propose to Jo. Things might certainly have had a different ending if he had proposed during the exaltation of Hub Byronic ideal. He bad no chance at all when be did do bo, for he was still more unlike the reijming ideal even than Jaok. However, that little«pisode was unknown to all but the two persons concerned in it, and £he young cotiple have every prospect of living happy for ever after, which no one wishes more sincere!/ than Jo. ' Strange to say, no mention is made of the'eremony they had taken part in 12 months before. Jo had forbidden it, having discovered that such ceremonies were looked upon as something extremely repugnant by Mr. Fitz-Herbert. In his opinion, he had remarked, with a shudder jraggestive of 'faint lilies,' they could onlv have been tolerated in Ihe dark ages, and even then must have shocked the feelings -of all but the coarsest-minded persops. After that Jo wouldn't have the subject bo much, as mentioned. Somehow she was beginning to think that faint shudderings were a more objectionable way of express ing detestation even than the use of expletives. They cer tainly made her feel uncomfortable. She hid almost :a nervous dread of saying anything to cause one of fliem. They seemed foput heron a level immeasurably beneath theshudderer; and Jo was a girl who didn't like to be put down. It was something she wasn't used to, And .she had done so much to prevent it. She had given' up nearly all her old pursuits. She po longer went hunt ing the agile kangaroo with Jack and the boys. If she went for a ride atall H was just a gentle canter, attended at - respectful distance by Tom, the stableboy. But thai was very seldom, for two reasons. One was because she hated to canter genUv, and the other was because,' look when she would at Tom, he always had a broad grjn on his lace.- ' ,.' '.'.',?. .' ; '. ' ' : She took to wearing gloves on ail- possible occasions, ler hands were small and shapely and pot very brown ; nit after she -aw the iHcn. Clarence's long, thin, white lands, she thought her own very coarse and rough. And then she. gave strict orders that she was no longer to be jailed 'Jo '—not even 'Jdsey.' Her father had always sailed her Josey, ihe servants Miss Josey, and the boys, in sluding Jael^ nothing but Jo. . Everboay tried to carry out her orders, and everybody Failed, in spite of all' their trying-, nine times oat of 10.' ; ' Very wdli Jo— Josephine! ineen'r-*aid Jaok, ^when ie told him he was not so much as to mention the subject rf the *« ceremony;' 'but it seems a pity, too,', he added, * because we all agreed to meet here to-night to render an uscount of our year's allegiance. I've got a letter from Fred. Mason to read, apologising f or Mb and ©elina's ibsence.' , ^ 'It cannot be helped, John'— she actually took to sailing him John, and in the presence of the Horn Clarance, ttr. Carter— 'I am sorry. too; but such things are a little rulgar, you ;know.' ' I'll speak to the other fellows then, Jo— Josephine, _ ^nean— and tell them you don't want the subject men ioned. But there is something else I want you to let me ' What is that Ja— John?' (Tobtcontinm.) 