?gnSQ PEPIN AND SWEET OLIVE. (From the CornHll Magazine) Upoit arriving at the middle of the Close the dean stopped. He had been ?walking briskly, his chin from very Custom a little tilted, but his eyes ?haaminir with condescension and gene ral goodwill, while an indulgent smile flaying about the lower part of his ace relieved for the time its massive character. His wnlkmgatick was swinging to and fro in a loose erasp, his feet trod the pavement of the precincts with. the step of an owner, he felt the warmth of the sun, the balminess of the spring air dimly, and somewhere at the back of Ins. mind he was conscious of a vacant bishopric, and of his being the husband of one Wife In fine, he presented the appearance of a contented, placid unruffled dignitary, until he reached the middle of the Close. But there, alas! the ferule of his stick came to the ground with a mighty thud ; the sweetness and light faded from his eves as they rested upon Mr. Swainson s plot ; the condescension and good-mil fceoame conspicuous only by then absence. The dean was undisguisedly angry ? he disliked opposition as much as leaser men, and met with it more Tarely. 3?or Bichestor is olfl-fasluoned, and loves the Church and State, but especially the former, and looks up to principalities and powers, and even new execrates the memory of a recreant 'Biceatrian, otherwise reputable, on account of a terrible mistake he made. It was at a public dinner. ' I remem ber,' said this misguided man, ' going in my young days to the old, and beautiful cathedral of this city. (Great applause.) I was only a child then, ' and my head hardly reached above the top of the seat, but I remember I thought the dean the greatest of living men. (Whirlwinds of applause ) Well ' (smiling) perhaps I don't think quite that now.' (Dead silence.) And so dull at bottom may even a man be whose name is not unknown in half the capitals of Europe, that this degenerate f eUow never could guess why the friends «£ his youth from that moment turned their backs upon him. Such is the faith of Bicester, but even in Bicester tliere are ueremes. xo say that the dean v rarely met with opposition, is to say that he rarely met with Mr. Swainson, and that he seldom saw Mr. SwainBon's plot. As a rule, when he crossed the Close he averted his eyes by a happy impulse of custom, for he did not like Mr. Swainson, and as for the latter's plot, it was anathema ' maranatlia to him. The dean was tall, Mr. Swainson was taller ; the dean was stubborn, Mr. Swainson was obsti nate ; so there arose between them the antagonism that is born of similarity. On the other hand the dean was stout and Mr. Swainson a scarecrow ; the dean was comely and clerical, but not over-rich. Mr. Swainson was pallid, lantern- jawed, wealthy, and a lawyer, and hence the dislike born of difference. Moreover, years ago Mr. Swainson had been Mayor of Bieester, when there was a little dispute between the chapter and the bishop, and he showed so much rmerev unon the one side as to earn the nickname of the ' Mayor of the Palace. Finally Mr. Swainson delighted in op position as a cat in milk, and cared to Lave a good reason for his antagonism no more than puss in the dairy aboutji Bixty-years' title to the cream pan.^.j But a sixty years' title to his plot was the very thing which Mr. Swaiuson did claim to have. Exactly opposite his house— his father's and grandfather s house, too — in which,. said his enemies, they had lived and grown fat upon cathedral patronage, lay this debateable land. His front windows .commanded it, and on such a morning as this he loved to stand; upon his doorstep and1 gaze at it with the air of a' dog_ watching the spot where his bone 5b buried. But i£ Mr. Swainson was right, that was just what was not buried there'; there were no bones there. True, the smoothly shorn surface ol tne nttie paicn was i divided from the green turf around the ' cathedral only by a slight iron railing, ; but, said Mr. Swainson, ponder- 1 ously seizing upon his opponent's 1 1 weapon and using it with telling effect, it was of another sort altogether ; of a I yery different nature indeed. It had I never been consecrated, and close as it I was 'to the sacred pile, being in fact separated from it on two sides but by a yard of sunk fence, it did not belong I to' it, it was not of it, quoth he ; it was I private property, the. property of Eras mus John. Swainson, and the appanage of his substantial red- brick house just I across the Close. ? j And no one could refute him, though I several tried their .best, to his huge I delight. It cannot now be exactly coin- 1 puted by how many years the discovery I of his rights prolonged his life — not I certainly by some. His liver demanded activity, namely a quarrel, and what a coil this was ! If he had been given the choice of opponents, he would ?probably have Drererred the dean and chapter, they were so substantial, wealthy, and all but formidable. And such a thorn in the side of those com fortable personages aB these rights of Ms were like to be he could hardly have imagined in his most sanguine dreams, or hoped for in his happiest moments. s It waB great fun stating his claim, flouting it in thCir faces,. displaying it throueh the 'city, brandishing' it in season and out of; season ; but I when it came to making a hole I in tho ' smooth turf hitherto so I sacred, and setting uj an unsightly I post, and affixing to it a board with I 'Trespassers will be prosecuted. E. J. I SJwuiiiBon,' the fun became furious So I did tho (lean, so ' did the chapter, I bo did every sidesman and verger. I Bicester .was, torn in pieces byj he contending parties, but Mr. Swain- 1 v on wiih firm. The only concession that I could be wrung from him was tho re- 1 mcyvalof the obnoxious board. Instead! of it ho placed a noat iron railing round I his property, enclosing jusf thirty feet b'*fluec:n. Such was the status in quo\ otitlua [morning, and with it the doan It^^r some time been obliged to rest AiS/iyet, sooth to say, the greatest pleaauro of the very reverend gontle man's life was gone with this accession to the roundness and fulness of Mr. Swainson's. No more with the thorough satisfaction of hitherto could he conduct the American traveller through the an cient crypt, or dilate upon the beauty of tho quaint gargoyles to the Marquis of Bicoster's visitors. No ; indeed that railed-in spot was a plague spot to him, ever itching, an eyesore even when in visible, a thing to be evaded and dodged and given the slip, as a dean who is a dean should scorn to evade anything mortal. He winced at the mere thought that the inquisitive sight seer might touch upon it, might probe tho matter with questions. He hurried him past it with averted finger and voluble tongue, nor recovered his air of kindly condescension, or polished ease (as the case |might be) until he was safe within his own hall. Only in mo ments of forgetfulness could the dean now walk iu his own Close of Bicester with the easy grace of old times. But on this particular morning the sunshine was so pleasant, the wind so balmy, that he walked halfway across the Close as if the river of Lethe flowed fathoms deep over Mr. Swainson's plot ; then it chanced that ,? his .eyes in a heedless moment rested upon it ; and he saw that a man was at work in the tiny enclosure, and he paused. The dean know Mr. Swainson by this time, and did not trust him. What was this? -By the; man's side lay a small heap of greyish-; white things, and he -was holding n, short-handled mallet, and was using it deftly to drive one of the greyish-white things into the ground. From him :th'e dean's eyes travelled to a couple of parti-coloured sticks, one at each ;end of the plot. What was this ? A horror so terrible that the dean stood still, and that remarkable change came over him which we have described. Great men rise to the occasion. It was only a moment he thus stood and looked. Then ho turned and walked rapidly back to a house he had just passed. A tall thin man was standing upon the steps, with the ghost of a smile upon his face. For a moment the dean could only stammer. It was such a dreadful outrage. 'Is that,' he said at last, 'is that there, sir, being done by your authority?' With a shaking finger he pointed to Mr. Swainson's plot. The tall man in a leisurely manner settled a pair of eye- glasses upon his nose, and looked in the direction indicated. Ah, I see what you mean,' he said at last with delicious coolness. ' Cer tainly, Mr. Dean, certainly ! 'Are you aware, sir, what it is? gasped the clergyman ; ' it is sacrilege ! ' Pooh, nothing of the kind, I assure you, my dear sir. It's croquet !' The tone was one of explanation, and there was such an air of frankness, of putting au end to an unfounded error, that the veins upon the dean's temples swelled, and his face grew, if possible, redder than before. ' I won't stay to bandy ' words with Yon: ? ' ' Bandy !' cried the tall man, intensely amused. ' Ha, ha, ha ! you thought it was hocky ! Bandy ! Oh, no, you play it with hoops and a mallet. Drive the balls through — so !' . And to the intense delight of the Close people, nine-tenths of whom were at their windows, Mr. Swainson exe cuted an ungainly kind of gambade upoii the steps. ' Disgusting,' the dean called it afterwards, when talking to sympathetic ears. Now he merely put it away from',him with a wave of ? the hand. . 'I will not discuss it now, Mr. Swainson.' :'If your own feelings of decency an'd,of what is right and proper do not f or'bicfthis — this ribald profanity — I can call it nothing else, sir — I have ?but one^word to add. The chapter shall prevent it.' ' ' The chapter !' replied the other in a tone of singular contempt, which changed to savageness as he continued, ' you are wellread in history, Mr. Dean, ;hey tell me. Doubtless you remember what happened when the puissant king Canute bade the tide come no further. [ am the tide, and you and the chapter sit in the chair of Canute.' The dean, it must be confessed, was a little taken aback by this terrible de fiance. He was amazed. The two glared at one another, and the clergy man was the first to give way ; baffled and disconcerted, yet still swelling with rage, he strode towards thei deanery. His antagonist followed him with his eyes, then looked more airily than ever at his plot and the progress being made there, considered the weather with his chin at the decanal angle, and with a flirt of his long coat tails went into the house, a happy man and the owner of a vastly improved appetite. But the dean had more to go through yet. At the door of his garden he ran in hiB haste against some one coming out. Ordinarily, great man as he was, he was also a gentleman. But this was too much. That, when the father had I insulted him, the son should almost prostrate him on his own threshold, was intolerable — at any rate at a moment when he was smarting with the sense of unacknowledged defeat. I ' Good morning, Mr. Dean,' said the I young fellow, raising his hat with an I evident desire to please that was the I very antipodes of his sire's manner — I only the dean was in no mood to dis I criminate — ' I have just been having a I verv pleasant came of croquet.' ? It is greatly to be regretted, but here \ short hiatus in the narrative occurs. Hie minor canons, than whom n^- men ire more wanting in reverence, say that that the dean's answer consisted of two words, one of thorn very pithy, very full of meaning, but in tho mouth of 'a dean, however choloric, impos sible — perfectly impossible. Account ing tun aa a gloss, and the original reading not being forthcoming, wp are driven to conjecture that the dean's answer expressed mild disapprobation of the game of croquet. Certain it is that young Swainson, surprised doubt less at so novel and original a sentiment, only said, . _' . ' I beg your pardon,' ... ' Hem ! I mean to say thatl do not ap prove of this. I will coino to tho point. I must ask you to discontinue your 'visits at my house.' ? The young man stared ' as if he thought the excited divine had gone mad ; the deanery was almost a home to him. ' lour father,' the dean went on more coherently, ' has taken a step so unseemly, so — so indecent, has used language so insulting to mo, sir, that I cannot, at any rate afc present, receive you here.' Toung Swainson was a gentleman, and moreover, for a very good reason hereinafter appearing, the dean failed to anger him. He raised his hat as respectfully as before, bowed slightly in token of acquiescence, and went on hiB way sorrowfully. He had a singularly pleasant smile, this young gentleman, though this was not tho time for displaying it. Mrs. Dean had once pronounced him a pippin grafted on a crab-stock, and thereafter in certain circles he was known as King Pepin. He was tall and straight and open-eyed, with faults enough, but of a generous youthful kind, easily over looked and more easily forgiven. Doubt less Mr. Swainson would have had his son more practical, cool-headed, and precise ; but the shoot did not grpw in the same way as the parent tree. Old Swainson would not have been happy without an enemy, nor young Swainson as happy with one ; and if, as the former often said, the latter's worst enemy was himself, he was likely to have a tolerably prosperous life. . In a space of time inconceivably small tho doings of the grim old lawyer ;and the dean's remonstrance were all over Bicester. Nay, fast as the stone had rolled, it had gathered moss. It was gravely asserted by _ people who rapidly grew to be eye witnesses, that Mr. Swainsou had danced a hornpipe in the middle of his plot, snapping his fingers at the dean the while the latter prodded him as well as he could over the railings with his umbrella ; and that only the arrival: of Mr. Swainson's son put an end to this disgraceful exhibition. \- Neither side wasted time. The dean, the' canon in residence, and the prce centor, an active young fellow, con sulted their legal adviser, and talked largely of ejectment, title, and seisin; Mr. Swainson, having the nine points ?of the law in his favour, and as well acquainted with the tenth as his oppo nents' legal adviser, devoted himself to the lighter pursuit of the mallet and hoop. In a state of felicity undreamt of before, he played, or affected to play, croquet, his right hand against his left, the former giving the latter two hoops ?and a cage. He played with a cage and a bell ; it was more cheerful, not to say noisy. Of course all Bicester found occasion ;o pass through the Close and see this jreat Bight, while every window in the wecincts was raised, that the denizens hereof might hear the tap, tap of ishs lacrilegious mallet. The Cathedral awyer, urged to take some step, and veil knowing the . strength of the inemy's position, was fairly nonplussed. But while he pondered, with a certain ;rim amusement, over Mr. Swainson's Irotchet, which did not present itself ;o his legal mind in so dreadful a light is it did to the mind clerical, some un mown person took action, and made it var to the knife. ' Who did it ?' Bieester asked loudly ,vhen it awoke, one morning, to find Mr. SwainBon in a state of mind which seemed imperatively to call for a padded room and a strait waistcoat. During ;he night some onb had thrown down the iron Tailing, taken up and broken bis hoops, crushed, his bell, and snapped his pegs ; all this in the neatest possible manner, and ?with no damage 'to the fcurf . War to the knife indeed ! Mr. Swainson, like the famous Widdrington, would have fought upon his stumps on bucIi a provocation. He expressed his opinion very hotly that this was the work of ' that arro gant priest,' and he should smart for- it. A clergyman' in this kind of context becomes a priest. This is common knowledge. The dean said, if hints were to go for anything, that it was a more or less direct interposition of Providence. Toung Swainson said nothing. The yergers followed his example, but smiled a good deal. The dean's lawyer said, it was a very foolish act, whoever did it. Mrs. Dean said she should like to give the man who did it five shillings. Per haps her inclination mastered her. The dean's daughter sighed. And Bicester said everything except what young. Swainson said. . (To lie continued.) ? 