(RoveUst. " INTRIGUE," By Brigadier General Henry Ronald Mclver. OHAPTEIi ni,-r-(OoHTnnjE».) "And now, dear, I boat your troubleajjoro at an end, and you wUl find happiness in oar qalct English homo/' eaid Lilias, softly stroking tho golden head on her lap, heedless of tho Lavco her fingers mado amongst tho tiny onrls. u An opera eimier 1 " ciaculated Mrs Cahninghumo, holding up her hands. "Thanh Heaven, rny dear child, for having saved you, a Bering, from ouoh a horrible fate." - 'Gldia'o drooping eyelids hid her contempt foV that lady's old-fashioned prejudices, then ell at onco, springing lightly to licr feet, alio cald, M I will sing toyou." Without awaiting o reply, eh o tripped across tho room, seated hcroeli at tho piano, and commenced, with out any proludo, that most bcaatifol air from Glticfc'a moat beautiful 'opera of " Orfdcho Faro/' The grand, thrilling voieo Hooded tho whelo room with sweet harmony, and wuwt <w> wn vuuu uuu uicu away, tears were streaming Bilcntly down Lilioo fair cheeks, and Mrs. Onnninghamo eat looking with amazement at tho fragile, diminutivo form, from which eucb a volume of sound issued. Gidia in trnth possessed a most raro voice, —a voieo that had created a sensation, and bad astonished moro experienced and unpre judiced cars than thoso of her present audicnco. It wonld seem that her eouf— -such a son! as Xillias posnc3scd— had passed entirely into her voieo, enabling hor to interpret grand ideas; of which' ehowaa in reality quito in- capable of understanding tho meaning. That night Lilias Bering offered up a fervent thanksgiving for tho advent of tho girl vho oho believed had been sent by d kind and meroiful Providenco to fill tho aching void in her heart, and prayed long and earnestly sho might -bo guided aright, so that her beautiful nlcco might never feel tho loss of a mother's 9aro.,::Nv " . 'v If sho could; have foreseen how hor datura was.tb bo influenced by this girl, with the fair face and , glorious voieo, tho1 thanksgiving would' havo. been - turned into' ajfprayer for meroy, r : ; When: :.Gidia; .after affeotionately jbidding. good-night ta-her aunt and Mrs. Gunning-- homo, bad token poSBceaion of tho pretty, bed- rooih aUotted to;hor, carefully-looked tho door, and;inspcoted Volosely, with d critical oyedotailof tno pleasant siUing-room. loading . fz;bm itj hsr'faoo loBt bntiroly ita open, inno- ;po'nt expression; and assumed that of ; an ex-; parienced woman of the world who feels, she : has succeeded in making; a good bargain.' . - . .'/.Ifc'is oven better .than loxpeotcd I she exclaimed, . as sho .turned over , tho 'costly. . ornaments on her - dresBing-tablo. ' " What a fcol l ehould havo bcen to have stayed' and. olaved my life awaywifch Silvio, Ihouthhow tbo poor foUow. wiUravo at losing moT; And all this by right of .birth is mine"— with on indignant stomp of . her Bmall foot/. "My father was; the only , son, the heir, and . tbis .pale-faced prhdish thing/who ib 'so wonder- -uUy patronising; is only a .usurper, and eho- \- knows -.it I .'V she, eaid vlbioualy. ; ; Still I . might bo . worco. off "—sho- etood 'in! front of tholong mirror," olaoping her . bands behind hor:--M ahd .;with that ' faoo and ' figure . pointing to her reflection— Vohd these, brains" -—tapping her little head with her forefinger t" who lmows what chances I may havo of outstripping bier in tboraca oflifoVi What foole tneoQ English arb I.'Vsbo wont on infieo- : tively. ".How easily deceived; in- spito of : (thtir cold mantle of pride'!. I oould not have ; . takon in Silvio like', this, hot if I had tried for . ; Qvoraad.oyer/ PobrSUTCd!" ' .. ' These were ' her last 'words, as ehb nestled her pretty, faoo amongst tho lace and linen of hor downy pillows, and sank into a Bleep, . peaceful and dreamless as that of a child. . CHAPTER IV- " If I ohould meet tbco. After long years, ; . How shall I greet tlieo ? " < .. Gidia . Boring, had been an inmate of the: priorr moro than a yoar, and quite fallen mtO' her. placo gb one of . tho family. Sho had- gained a firm hold ,op, Mrs. Cunniogbamo's. ; heart, hwnrseifiblance to Lilias havingimade \- a ' favorable impression in tho' first, inBfcanco,: -/and a judicious course of 'flattery 'and: atteu- : rtIom'accompHehing tho 'rest.-.. Still she had ... noteacceededaa woll as she had hoped in the .. subjugation of her aunt, who, thougli . fondly j attached to tho bright young creature/ failed ' to find in her ;; sooicty fcho comfort and hap.- . . pincaa abeotfirsthopedfor. Auntond noico . ( lived on terms of affection, but Ijilias realised painfully sbo had approaohed ho noarer to; tho girl's inner self than tho first cvoniog thby mot.'. Try as Bhe: might; bIiq .'oould, -'discover ... no bond of sympathy,. nothing' of mutual in- ' \tcrest, to draw , their hearta oloser together, v hnd pho strove mainly to lead the young mind to higher inopirationa than the more clothing . of her pretty person, tho only thing which appeared of vital importanco to Gidia. Tho girl would listen, attentively, her blue oyes .. vory wido open, and when lior aunt had «. , ceased, fling her arms caressingly around hor neck and kissing her demonstratively, ex claim — 11 You clover darling I how can a poor ; ignorant little gooso liko your Gidia ovor understand euoh things ? Inwardly thinking . ; What a tircsomo bord theso perpotuol lcofcurcp'aro.". ' Lilian would return.: the. embrace with n nigh, saying to horoolf, Perhapa l ospcottoo lnuohj.aud do not mako sufficient allowanco " for our .different training.;. Sho is bat'a child, like Undiuo. boforo sbo found hor eoul, only . God gront tho fault, if any, does not unknow ingly rcpt v/ith mo, or that I have corao short iu my duty to tho child of my adoption." Micu Bering had ' quito failed to interest Gidia in her pot schemes, or to induce tho girl to accompany hor on her round of vioita ; amongst their poorer neighbors, . end sho eilontly wondered how one co gcntlo and yielding as her neico appeared generally, could icn come points bo go difficult to move. In truth, Gidia was becoming dreadfully wcaiy .of tho lifa sho was leading, tho lifo, which, at first; with its unaccustomed luxuries and un limited supply of pin-money,, had appeared all colcur de rose to tho littlo Bohomian, and alto felt Gomotimes tempted to throw it up -and .return lo that which she hud before dsspEsodi " If I had stayed with Silvio I might havo becomo a great diva hko Patti or Hcfisou, re ceiving homage oven from, crowned heads/' she would think rcgrotfally., " Bufc how hard the .work was. tho waitiog how woarisomo, tho poverty how horrible 1 as sbo looked; at . tho pretty gowns /and costly mok-naokB her aunt's gcneropUy had thobled hor io .indulge iu. "Poor Silvio! I.wonder if ho was very angry, nnd, whcthor be miseed mo vdrpmaoh. I suppose ho 1b fifcill struggling for. the fatno ho is so confldcnt'of winning— some day 1" What, was tho good of < her pretty 1 'bright cofltumcs ' (which cost hor as. much thought ab an inventor wonld expend.:on.Eomo. in-. tricato ploco of meohanism)-.whcn. evoryono at Colvcrden was either too .old or too blind to appreciate them, sho thought impatiently.; Even Mr. Marsden's : curato (for the old man was too fcebla to do duty now, having had a paralyiia stroke) wAd a married man with ten ohildren,"1:; ; Bccidcdiy this consummate' littlo aotress was getting tired of her insignificant r6let and would, probably havo been tempted to seek a wider field for the exorcise of her talonts, but for an event which filled her scheming brain with rcnowed energy, and caused her to form a plan calculated, If successful, to. raise her from the dead level of existence, whioh. had bccomo so wcarisomo and intolerable.; Cer tainly, eho was obliged to confess,- tho plan sho had formed had: very littlo ehanco of success, bat, oven provided she faded to gain lie; end, Bh'o would Btill have bad some plcaeuro in tbo dcUghtfal cense of plotting and scheming, in which her wiokod little heart rejoiced. ; Winter had passed, and spring was just emerging into sammcr, and Gidia was seated in her aunt's morning room (a smalloctagonal chamber, with long windows overlooking tho beaoh avenuo), wondering , how . she should manago to get through another long,unovQnt- fulday. Hor hands were Idly clasped dbovo tho goldon head, wboso myriads of frizzy littlo ourls completely covered her low clytio-Iiko forehead, forming a decided contrast to Miss Dcring's smooth braids. Tho diiTcrcnt char acter of aunt and niceowas oven discernible in their toilet. Lilias' dress was of plain black cashmere, which fell in largo flowing folds to tho ground, and was rcHovcd by snow white bands at throat and wrists. - On her handsome head was arranged gracefully ft pnnitM -A# Atmu -wftflit. Tftf«n nnA h«i> solo omomcnln ircro tka lookot and ring, which had been Ralph Dinnoy'fl paitinn gut. GWia'a dainty liltic ilgura was efothod in an iniksciibablo arrangement of pink, scarcely subdued by muUifudinoue laca flounces, amongot which flashed bright bone and loops of rocc-oolorcd ribbon, liko butterflies or birds of gay plumage. Her pretty dimpled baud, on whioh sparkled many jarrcla, wao con. ctantly raised to tho rosy mouth in a vain endeavor to hide tho irroprcsaiblo fits of yawning, and Lilias, who was sorving indas- triously, was about to suggest something for tho employment ' of her nieco'n idle littlo Angers, whoa tho door opened and Urs. Oumunghahib entered hurriedly: "My dear —addressing MisB Bering— " n mounted moa- scngor from tho Rectory with a letter for you, whioh I havo brought myself "—handing it to her— "fearing there might bo bad nowa of Mr. Marsden." ' Lilias took, it from Mrs: Oanninghamo's iiandfand opening it, quickly fonnd a fow lines from Mr. Marsden, and enclosed was Ralph Bianoy'a long looked-for Icttor. At tho oight of her lover's well-known hand-writing d/vivid ' flusli Spread ovor tho fair fdcoj causing (iidia to open, her blue oyes wondcriDgly. ; Her ' woudorment dnoroased,. for when her aunt bad rend tho Rsotor'a lotter, tolling ;tho \ joyful tidings of Ralph's home-' aoming; her faco, usually so jpdlo and odlm, faeaome etrangely ' agitated,' and. Lilias ! sud- dohiy: ooverod ber -toll- talo oyes avith both hands as if to shut out aloorpdiant flash of. sunshino. : Than, becoming .conscious: that two pairs of enquiring eyes wero fired upon hor, : she road to her feet— . V; There, is nothing r araissj", .and Qidia's qhiok ear odugbt tho now happy, ring in . her aunt's voice. " Mr. Marsden is wolli anil writes in excellent spirits," and ahxibaB.'to 'b'a' alone sho riiaved towards the dpori'.jiThpharidle wob in her hand, when she appeared fo reaietubeg some farther: explanation wad probably ex: peoted, and turhing to Mrs. Ciinnihghame, she said in a lbw.quiok voiob, " HdtolIS mo Ralph is . on his, way to Pnlvoriion," an(l' without another. word left tho room. : . All; this was, a:mystbry to Gidia, whri'wab quite. oh tho qui eii'e, dnd dying to knov/ tho oanse of hor.nunt'suhtibnnlgitdtlbh.::- Mrs. Ouhninghame sankinto thbbhalrLitias hnd just vacated, her kind; old faoo boaoiing with picaoure.1' ; "Ralph 'Disney coming at : last it : Thank God I " Blib said rdptrirouelyi-. " Myi.darling Liliadwfll now bo repaid'- for'her. long, lonely years of waiting, V andtcard-'of; tbankfalncss streamed down tho withered old oheoks. ' '"3ut tell mo','! said Gidia; eoming ovor and kneeling, bosido Mrs. Otmnihgbntae'b ohair, '! who is this Ralph, and.-what does it all mean?"- " "Ie it possible, niter having lived with us all theso-, months,, you. have, never hoard . of £MU£fU l/ittutfjr twi»ututuuiiw»wu»f, MM. then, dear Lilias is so reserved it is hardly; to bo-wondered nt, aitor all. Sir Ralph Dionoy has not been to, Oblverden for ton, years, and I havo eyery reason to. bblievb. he, now oomsb to renew an engagement with your ahnt, :whioh oh.de. d.hbr.uptJy . by thp'-Wiah olihqol- equirc. Oh, libw, .romantio.'Vbriba/Gidiaibravqly : stifling hnbtlior yawhi for h. romance of whioh; 8he;herseUiWas:.not;thb:ihoroino:fai!ed.tb in-; interest : lior. . fii Pray ; : toll mb/all : about ; it; likoh 'dear,1' and phoy'seitlod hbrsqlf 'bn:a low stool to, listen, '-or . to oleep.:' Mrs. Purinin- hamo was only too ready to pohr . out all , sho had to. tell, sa proceeded to , impart : to the fair- haired' girl, at hbr, feot jior; aiiht's love etor'y. ' Gidia' listened at 'flrBtlistlesaly, then! suddenly as an . idea appeared to . striko.'bOr,' bIi'o gavo hor undivided nttentipn to tho gar- 1 xolousold lady. .Wlieh— Mrs. Gunhinghame, qilita out oi bronth; .stopped, spooking, Gidia asked blowly — " Then tnoy are: not really engaged? yijui are not certain Sir Ralph isooming to marry) nuntio?. Perhapa ho only jnst wants- to see; his uncle." | "Well, my dear, no, of enures I. am not; quite certain, but aftor being so dovotod to! Lilias thora can bo littlo doubt of his intcn- tions." "Thou why did lio not como dircotly grand papa died? " asked Givia. .; "I have oiton wondered myself," .confessed Mrs. Oanningliamo. . "Idaro say ho thought; if best to waif, till hor timo of mourning had ""'And ho is sbi noWo, so riob/' said , tho girl; enquiringly. , hu : ; ! "Sir Ralph. Disnoy's wealth is simply, fabulous," ropliod'tho old lady; 'Jbut what.iii of far greater importanco qonsidonng how, rioli your aunt ie also, hie family is tho most anoiont in England. His mother, tho oidy, daughter of tho Duko of Twyford, was tho greatest lioiroso, as well as the most lovely woman ol her day. I must say. I; thought Mr. Dering acted in a highly , lnjudicioue manner when ho so peremptorily .dismissed poor Ralph, for it was a marnago m every way, most uuitablo. It ecoms but yostorday it all happened," sbo wont on, muoiOgly ; " only Lilias ha3 altered greatly. Blie was so sweet and fairy-liko in thooo days, though I must say, my doar, if you did not dross.your hair in that oiitlandish fashion, pr;wear your frooka so very full and over-trimmoq, you would bo hor vory pioturo." . "Thanks for tlio compliment, youflattoring dear,'! laughed Gidia, gaily, '. Then went on— ' I romomber in tho portrait you showed mo of: auntie; taken ten years ago, eho woara a plain white gown, without a 'single'.' ribbon - or floonoe. I, :tbo, intend having eomo simpls wbilo drcBfloo mado for mb," sho ndded with stndiod carole8nn'bs3 ; " they will bo sb. obol and comfortable now tho warm wcathor is pomihg oh., I ani going to ecu if I can find auntia. some Neapolitan violets; so good-byo, you darling, yon," and after dropping a bird- iko kiss on tho old lady's withered cheek, iSldla tripped away into the garden; - ' .There sho Strolled under theoldappla trees in tbo orahard, whoro' tho grass, was white .with their fallen blossoms, her brain boaUy at work, her mind full of tho sohemo whioh the ovents of tho morning had conjared.ap. ; i'tHavo'I a ghost of a ohanco? " sho said to herself, " and ovon if I wore to Buocoed; dare I carry it through to tho end ?., Oh, R would bo glorious to., dofoat that canting, cold blooded annt of mine, who has stolen my , birthright 1 Bat if Silvio wore to discover who. I really am, and foUow mo, what 'would happen then I But tbero I it la not likely ho oyor .will, poor fallow, ,eo , I shall toko every ndvantogo of what fata throws' in my way. Really it would bo .tompting Providenco if I did otherwise." And sho gava a shallow, littlo laugh. . Iiilioa was agreeably astonished .tho next fow days at tho ehnngo. whioh appeared to havo eomo over, her young nieoo— Gidia ,was so docile, so anxious toplossq, and altogether so much more in earnest than she bad over boon before, that hor aunt thought tho girl's soul hod at last commenced its awakening, and sho thanked God for tho many blessings Ha was showering on her. . For tho first time, too, Gidia volunteered to accompany Miss Dering on her charitahlo errands, 'and .de lighted tho simple villagers by her sweetness and youthful beauty. ' Even her personal ap pearance underwent a change, and one morn ing when sho appeared at tho breakfast table oven Mrs. Onnmnghamo, who was very short sighted, was startled into an exclamation of surprise, Tbo curling tonga hod evidently been discarded that morning, for the messes of tiny curls had all disappeared, with the exception bf a few rebellious rings on tho fore head, and tho golden hair was smoothed and twisted simply round the back of her bead. Tho bo-frilled pink costume was also banished, and its place taken by a plain! whito cachl- mere, which showed tbo curves of herbndding Gidia Unshed and dimpled as Mies Dering, kissing her tondcriy, said a fow bind woids of approval. "I thought it would ptcasa yon Auntls darling," she said prettily, " I meant to do it long ego, only I am aush a littlo coward you know, and so dreadfully afraid of looking a fright." " I do not think yon need havo tho least fear of that, dear,", and Lilias smiled as sho looked at hor nleco's pretty face, before turn ing to tho tsbla to tako up her letters. Thoro were not many, -and Gidia fnrtivoly kopt on ovo on ona whioh had not bcon ovidontly tnro.ugh tho post, andin whiob sho recognised tho shaky handwriting of Mr. Mcredcn. Miss Dering road it through twice, thou raising her Load, looked towards Mrs. Gunainghamo and said calmly : j . " Sir Ralph haB telegraphed to Mr, Marsden that he will reach Culvorden to-night. The dear old man is ovidontly vory excited, and I 'om' afraid that it is hot good for him, in his feeblo .Btnto of health." ' ' "To-night 1 "Then wo'shall without doubt le'ea him at tho' priory oarly t'omorrow," eaid the' old lady, with a world of meoniug in her .voice, whioh' eahecd:a momentary shade ''of displeaauro to pass over Miss Denug'o oalmi featares. :. " SoarooIy sovoonV.Ifanoy/'eha answered quietly, ignoring,. Mrs,. Oanninghamo's . in- uondo, then tnrningtpGidia; — " Sir Ralph .Disney, ia a very;pldfriehd of :,onrs; a.n'ephew ; bf doar Mr. .Marsden; sal Hopa you will liko ! him very muob:. Hq will, I.knbw, be charmed to find we have . caught , arid daged snoh a i sweet Bong-bird, for. Ralph: vresValwaya. pas. \- Biohatoly fbudjOf musjo-, ahdl q'm in. .hopes, - too, his visit will .kolp to mako this place a littlb'mOrb' ohcerfal'for > you.dbarohlld.aa I tear the Priory muBt'sbmetiuiies'Bbbdi a little dull io" a ' bright ' .'young "girl," - 'she 'added kindly. ; ' ' '9 ' ' " Annlio'"— and' Gidia: put on1 her prettiest air.o.ohiliko'rembnBtraneOi '1' How naughty ol ybn'tb:ittlBgmo I ovor Arid thovdoar old Priory dull, tho) placo I found happiness, tho plaoei. whioh holde all my :doar.v opes, all I have to lovo.or Iovo mo "—and sho'heaved a plaintivp little sigh.. : : i; . . That night, before 'Liiiao-.-retired. to.'rost, osme-another -letter. from the. Rectory, . thie timo directed in. a bold, , firm handwriting, whioh Gidia (tvho intercepted the messenger) had never seen. before. . Sow aha Jonged to pcop over Miss Doring'o chpaldor, : and read what wad written qn that very.'omall alioot pf paper 1 " Ho pohqot have said much, at Any rate," sho eaid ito. horsoU, pansalingly.' This was; strqhgol.to. sayV tha first, lotter Lilias had aver.rcoeived Iropr Ralph Disnoy, and was, .as.Gidia.eerreetly.Buraiised; a very short oho.'.' " \ "May I bomo to you to-morrow early in hoottbrhbui;'' it ran, .with no formal' Pom- awoy— I-havo Waitod so) m'Ony years." Than followed simply his signature, and tha mos- . songbf, who- in oboilionoo to' hi3-niaa tor's prdors, had 'waited, took baok Miss Daring's answer.i' It -.wss— " 0omo;-you, will find" a. weicomo.-" - ' 'i':: "v .f. Xhis hriof. noto waa not .thaleltoi.., whioh Ralph had it' first ihtppded sohding, for; ;on finding himself , onca more -in the fondly' to- membered .Eentieh villago, ho .haA.writtoh a wild, unreasoning letter, a ' passionate ont- E curing bf tho feelings 'wmab.old associations' sd aroused, hut whioh, in his coblemoments, he'doolded not to dospatoh.' . - . " I , will wait And soo how sho greets mo," ho thooght. ' . V, ' .' Tho mooting' between'' thtj old rector and his . errant nophow ' had' booh - a very toaohing one,: and thougU Mr. Mars den did not aotaally spoak - ' Os ' if . nn eagsgomont existed botwoon tho long. separ ated lovers;- it 'was ..easy to) dirinbhow'his tboughta ran.eohstahtly hpo'n .it, and his talk was inoedoantly of " bis dear child, his sweot Lily." - Ho was perhapa a littlo disap pointed at finding Ralph so different from tho ihipuloivo, hot-headed youth of ton yearB ago. How bronzed ha was; how portly I and if his old oyes did not dccoivo him, surely thoro v;so : a. plentiful' sprinkling o£ groy amongst tho brovm ourls. .Ralph Isuglicd heartily at: his 'unolo'a' inspection,. ' ' " Yon sco I am getting quito anoient, not) far oil.forty, tlio ago.wlion a follow bcginS' to, go down hill with a run. Romomber what a life 'I havo lod tho"paot"ton years, not. oho baloulated to.mako mo wear tzcll." ' ' ' ;," Ah;;but you will sattlb down how,: my- boy,':' said tlio old mau in torioa of conviction, at Tihibh llaiph smiled, but eaid nothing. . ' Whpn Ralph, awoko tlio next morning, and) found himself onco moro in his old lavender- ocoa ted room at' tbe Reatory,'h'o felt inclined' ii fancy tte30 years of wandering had been' but a strangely" vivid dream. The young- summer day .was bright and 'warm, and wlicn: Ralph threw open' tho window; tho clustering oreamy roses nodded cowcotpcrfumyiwolcbmo.. H all' neemed so familiar, so unaitdred, and: tlio old tenderness took possession of him, as if it had never wavered since tlio day ho anil- 'sweot Lilias 'Dering had plighted their troth. Iow impatiently ho longed to hear tbo qound of hor voice, bow olowly t-hu morning passed.' Over' and over again did Ralph pio turo to himself their mcoting, what nho yould oay, how oho would look, and when 'ot laot lio started on his way to' tho Priory, ho v/un living, almost in .tha-past,. in a, worli of shadows. . Ho was onoe mora youog Ralph Disney, tho impetuous lover of tho ohild-liko, tendor-eyod girl, ond tho aloud which had arisen between- them was forgotten. All nature cven.secmcd to havo obnspircd to keop np tho deception, ond rcmind him of .tbnt eummer, ten. years sgo, as he wont along tho sunny eliffs, poesod tho white flag-staff round whioh tho, mild-faced shcop. -were . nibbling at the golden-hearted daisies, and .turned into tho familiar beeah avonao. The glamor of old daye wbon lova dawned was' upon him, tlio long weary years whioh bod eomo between were no moro remembered, and bo lookcd to wards tho shrubbory as if .'oxpcdtihg to. soo there the glimmor of. his lovo's white. robes. \- His heart beat tnmultnouflly as ho ap proached tho Priory, for there, near tho opon windows, Bat the form ho had piotored eo often that morning. This sweet young girl, with tbo shinlng hair and. downcast oyes, tho pare whito dress, tho rosa at ,hcr throat, was his lily, his iovo. It was tbo faoo ho had kissed so often, oo fondly,— the faco that had visited him in' droams,— tbo faca that had come be- fare him in tha silont night watches thonsands of miles away. A littlo reflection would have saved him and others from mach misery, bat, alas I ho nover stopped to rcaliso tha mistake, and in another moment had oiasped hor to his heart, ondwaaraining kissos on tbo golden head pressed so madly to his breast. . , ."Lily," ho whispered, "look up, my Iovo, my own. one." For tho space of a moment Gidia allowed her wioked littlo Tiead to' rest .whoro Raiphjiad placed it, just for a momcut only, to hide tho gleam of triumph shiniog in her eyes, then, with desperato straggles, eho freed herself from his cmbraco, and posh ing him from her, oricd indignantly— " Ob, bow- could voa? -how dare yon take each a shocking liberty"— hor boeom heaved and panted— "You are jnst like them all— yoa treat me liko a ohild, a more baby, without senso or fccliog." Hero sho broke into sobs, covered her faco with hor pretty hands to watah what impression sho had mado. Poor Ralph raised bis hands. to his ovc3 liko ono blinded orouddonly dazod -, then no looked at tho littlo woman boforo him in uttor bewilder- mont, and nneoUBeionely repeated almost tha first words, Lilies had said to hor ncioo — "But who ore you?"- Wild thoughts of tairyB and trolls, rceoUcoticnsof old German legends, were coursing through his brain, when tho girl with wall stimulated aar- "Who am I? Why, Lilias Dering,' of aonrso— who clso ooold I be ? " "Lilias Dering," repeated Ralph, wonder- ingiy ; " not SqairoDering's Lilias, my — " " Oh, no "—and Gidia Interrapted him with a merry, ringing laugh liko a peal of silver bells — " not that horrid old man's daughter —nothing noarer than his granddangbtor, I am happy to say. Just fsnoy anyono mis taking ma for poor dear old aunt Lilias— it is quito too fanny foranything; bat I think I can gnesa who you are now " — oho held oat both' her bands oonfldontly— " Sir. Ralph Disnoy, yon mast be, and, ohl lam so thank- fnl yon ore not old and ugly liko ovcryono olsoaantia knows." '. ' "Why, ohild," said Ralph laughing, and experiencing a senso of ploasora at tho sobtlo flattery, in spite of bis secret annoyance at his mistake as tha trnth dawned upon him, " did yon expoot to find mo a Mothcuealah ? " : " Well, very nearly," sho confessed, with a pretty air of bandor,! and a. swilfc upward glance from undor her long lashes, !' for tlio told mo;.y6u wore my aunt's— but ; there, it wonld novcr.do to .tell yon what thoy said, as I- know now it was not true, because yoa are not old— not tho least bit," sho added en- oourogingly. ; ' ; ) Ralph had -managed to . recover his solf- ponsession, but how different an'aspobt affairs wore now. to what thoy had done only an '.hour. bbfofe,' - Ho : had ; sn'ddehly awakened from his labeidreaih (at least as far as Lilias . was 'conoerncd); and the sweet visions oi the )morhlng had all meltsd away before tho fairy.' like' touch'' "bf ; this dainty little' beauty. " Ho eofaldnotfor tho. life of. him pjoture his old Iovo otherwise than a ratlior prim, middle' aged Ihdy, perhaps with spectacles. Try no !he wonld, the, bright young face of her neico ' cams betweon him and the) image ho had so vividly remembered only that very morning. Howover, palling himself togother with an 'effort, ho uttered some very lame exouBes for his apparent ' rudeness (whioh Gidia, blush- ingly, shyly, cccoptcd), and ; then rather stiffly suggested tboir joining Miss Dering.' ' (To be Continued,) ) 