HOW A" SOMNAMBULISTWAS' AWAKENED. We've got a somnambulist over here in Cassopolis, one of those fellows who meander around fast asleep, in the dead of the night, rummaging the house from top to bottom, waking up folks, and then don't know anything about it themselves in the morning. He's a dandy in the profession, and is taken this way about every folir weeks. At first he used to startle the rest of the folks ;they didn't know whether it was a burglar or the cat or. ghosts they heard tesaing around and mumbling in in a sort'of sepulchral voice'; but now they've'got on to the racket, and when they. hear, the stairs creak, 'or dootb open, or anything in the way. of talk about twoin the morning,..they' know it's a ground-hog case, and that he is doing,the somnambulist act; and-they just.'get?t!up".an?-ql-uetly foll°?w'\liim around and see that he don't get outon the" roof and walk into the street, or take tho'third storey stair-railing for a fence and.climb over into the basement. They don't dare to wanke him;' the doctor says it is'nt heaithy to wake up a fellow': when he's gotone of 1these spells on, so they just.keep" track of him, and finally he quiets down 'some~ where and snoozes 'again Ilike:.any Christian sleeper. Butthe other night he "came to" hinself. and the sho6k to his nervous system wasn't half ansgreat as it was somiaewhere else. You see it was:his night "on" as. it were, and about the time that graveyards do their yawning,.he climbed out of rhis roost, and began-atour of thexouse.f.Two or three of the family heard hiun prowl 'ing about,; and :i?e..usual: got up and ; beganstu mbling over chairs and running up against doorjambs' in 'the i pursiit of the sleep-walker. They say it is wonderful the .:way. "he picks his route out in the dead of the night, and never makes .any miscues, while they-, jam-their-toes-and--steer up against some obstacleevery other step. They finallytracikd him` to one of the adjoining. roons, andi bgan watching and waiting. He was talking to himself and the subject of his remarks was that h6 .was looking for a letter his little gilflid li~ritten him that week. He had forgotten where he had laid it, and was going to find that letter, if he had to fight it out on that line all iummei.--And. so he began yanking open the bure~u drawers, and skirmish-. ing around the contents. They say a fellow -inr his, condition can see as .willaq an owl, no matter how dark it is. 1'erhiaps they can; but I supose .there are times when evenan owl would like a.little light on the subjec~t. Any way, he concluded be wanted a light to find that;letter,.aind-soie pluyl5el a match out of the match-safe by the bureau, and proceeded-.to illumine things.- - Now; -this rnimbler from dreamland .has adopted the national method' of igniting a lucifer-he scratches it. on the south, side of his anatoimy just below, the iniddle--and it seems that this indecorous habit has become so famiiliar- to hiin that it comes natural, 'even if lie is asleep. Anyhow, he instinctively inforiiied himself which end of the stick., the phosporus` was on, and yanked up. lhi nether garments us he would a cut-away, and gave the match about two feet of solid scratch, in the old . accustomed place. This thing worked all right as far as the match was concerned-it was a first-class match, and lit before it had gone six inches-but the regular pro tection wasn't there, and the fire was and the combination was greater than pltcTailsleP cotild en~True. Therewans' a great and sudden awakening, and 'a howl of pain went forth upon the mid night air; the dream-ache ended, land loving friends administered comforting words and soothing ointment. He goes around town now with a Rquiet Laid subdued a manner as usual, for he'is of a gentle nature; -liit. if'you'resever down this way, and get loaded for "ffi," and w?ant : fight, just hunt him up, and in his presence scratch a match in the manncr. of our daddies--but he is a big felloi; anid hit i?wful hard. 