\--.ry-«»II H am' flemington Training TS otes. l'ÄToNnAY;-Tliia morning Dirk Hatteraick on tho tan vî Vdiu a siow round, and thea broko into n gallop and rea-is ' .itere.i'anothor round. Leporallo, Vasco, and Reginald did Kentle exorcisa on the sand. Auohendarroch and tbe ' jBivalry colt worked in company slowly. Tha Broker, in Mneck and body rugs, and Prime Minister, in neck rugs, . jjpanterod once round Blowly on the tan track, then crossed «bn the ploughed track qt the en trauco gate, and broke nto Ja three parts paco and ran once round. Both moved freely. A Hander, who is improving fast, worked alone. ^Creswick did long and serviceable work on the tan. Bas saan cantered three times round slowly. Chloe, Stone iübroke, and Miles wero dispatched in company for a contle ?îbneo round, and ono at a medium îmco, in which Miles did .iñot take part, but later on he worked with Xenia, and fiipurtcd at intervals. Josephine did long work on tho tan,. fand varied the pace at intervals. Impulse also worked, ! laud Our Boy and Hazard woro restricted to long cantering ¿exercise. Tho Frenchman negotiated a conplo of easy »rounds. Comet, who inovoa beautifully, was given jeerviccablo exercise. Fryingpan, with bis clothilda; on, .font in a couple of useful rounds on tho tan. The Trawler .Icanterod slowly on the tan track, and the same may be said iof Arsenal and Danseuse. Plausible worked alone QU thu ¡flan, and Commotion, with Power in tho saddle, dia useful work on tho track. Tho old etarnpiûïi is gaining a lot of fàdrnircïs- M°id ot tho Mist and liquify were sent twice ÏJroSnd nt a good worlvng pace, while Fleurette and Mrs. Warley, after having cantered slowly to tho mile post, broke . jjaway for a fast milo. Belle Brandon, Acolyte, and Prince j »Patrick did their exorcise in company. The firs tanoni »*L £T atmproving fast, and Coffey has also worjcod TOhuors with S-he erratic Prince Patrick. Bjur-ficiiuo and Baron von rattuellor wero restricted to »!o"Sr cantering on the tan. Both " »re beginning to sfecftr signs of improvement since their weturn from. Sydney. Kit Nubbles, Amelia Victoria, and paJteratiwi were treated to easy cantering. j-, tuesday.-This morning Lord Wilton and Gratitude fairst cantered on the tan track ; and then, having crossed Sthe course proper, they were set going tor a smart six fur laongs. Mystery worked alono on the sand track. Lavington Negotiated onco ronnd at half pace, and thou another at jlthree-parts paco, and was brought home from the half-mile «post by Delamia. Both of Filgate's horses are doing and [going very well. Acolyte, Prince Patrick, and Hazard ran tinca round at a fair pace. Tho jumper showed £o advan tage. Hello Brandon did serviceable work on tho sand Wrack by herself, and Hurricano did gentle work alone on ffche tan. Amelia Victoria executed abraco of medium pane founds, and finished with q. three furlongs " nipo opener." .SUtemtion ran three tiipeS round the tau track at half pace. ."»Qt Nubbles worked alone slowly. Plausible registered & mile and a half nt hnlf pace. He plodded Along ia lii3 own regular stylo. Fryingpan cantered slowly .pi a short distance, and then ran onco round at three . -Sparts paco. Commotion did ono of tho best gallops of the Inominjr. His allowance was two miles. He pulled up as «ashly and as strongly as a lion. Duration's work was nono on the sand and the tan tracks. Tho Trawler did Wow exercise alone, and Arsenel, with Danseuse for a com äpanion, did two turns on the tan track. The pace wnB slow Sind medium. Chloe and Miles wero mated for useful work, Sjrtth a spurt home, in which Mickey Freo took the pince of jMLilei, atone BroKo did his allowance without a com ; Minion, and Josephine, as usual, worked on tho tan. This mare does most encouragine work in private. Gohanna ?Jone did half-paco work, and Eemus and Cyclops >fexercised together «at . . a good working pace. Haw iahorno, Mary Louise, and Elizabeth Garrett ran once ' ist?Qn^ nfc a me^ium pace. The trio finished well. Signor, prodigal, and West Coast worked at intervals. The former ran a fart six rurlongt, and Prodigal also did useful work, Broker and Dirk Hatteraick were dispatched together just above the three-furlong post Tho pace was threo parts, and both went with great determination. Reginald did slow cantering exercise on tho tan, and is fast recoveriug from the effects of his Sydney campaign. Creswick worked on the track alono. He cantered Blowly, with an occasional spurt. Lcporello found a companion in Vasco for a fast spin of nearly once round. The Derby colt moved in his usual free style, whilo tue chesuut, whose action denocos an ability to gallop, also moved well. Primo Minister cantered slowly once round, nnd was afterward joined bv ¿!»lv Adelaid0 The pair thfn started n«°av loi a smart four furlongs. Allander potteredabout on the tun a number of times, and eventually paired with the Rivalry colt for a short spin. Vernct put in a couplo of useful turns. Old Phantom, looking hearty and well, did a brace of rounds at on easy going paco. Chablis, ¡áauvignon, and Condor worked in company; and Gladys and Esmond worked at intervals. King's Messenger acted as courier avant for Mr. Wilson's detachment, and cantered once round slowly and then ran a fast mile. The two- year-olds, Hingmaster and Tho Teacher, af tor having cantered, strode home fast from the half-milo post, as also did I O IT and Dimlop. Guesswork opened his ac count with a quiet amble once round, and then broke away from tho starting post, nnd put in an exceedingly good once round, which was excelled by his stablo com panion, Conjecture. Meteor, with Cracknell in the saddle, negotiated a good onco round gallop. Arcborito and Coronet wore givon a couplo of rounds at a slow pace. Middlemarch was extended at half pnce for a sbort spin, and Frenchman did his usual slow exercise. "Wednesday.-Connolly was tho first to take possession of the track. Friendless and Toronto were treated lo two sharp turns on tho inner track. They strode ulong for two furlongs at the end of each turn. Veritas and Zona wero treated to two strong turns on the inner track. (Syphon did three turns on the inner track; tho last at a good " Working.pace. Robinson treated Cupola to four turns on. tho inner tracie at a slow paco. Merry Fenelia worked ou the centro track, and Johnson Eoat Berestord (with an amateur up) four turns on the centre track. The pace was improved at euch round, Reid treated tho Ghost to threo turns on the inner track. Tho bracelet winner looks lind goes well. Burra Burra was treated to long steady exerciso on the centro track. Norfolk, Tumult, and Nuncio wero given threo turns on the inner track nfc a slow paco. Long sent Canute twico round tho contre track at a good anarp cantor. Tho hurdle racer was very cager to go. JSgbert and Tippitywitchott worked in company. Batty sont lately four turns on tho inner track. Tho horso will strip as well as anything on|tho Caulfield Cup day. Deceiver was given three turns on tho centro track, and strode homo tho last half mile. Umberto was given slow pace- exorcise. Jones treated Melodious, First Pop, and Violet to three mild turns on tho inner track. Tho last-named is growing1 Into a nico filly. Coriolanus, The Bohemian, aud Sir Bainuel worked on the contre track. David, Ditto, Bargo, and Camerino worked on tho centre track. Heywood, jun., treated Spartan nnd Satellite to threo turns on the centre track at a irood working pace. Gilderoy was treated, to good useful exerciso. Thursday .-This morning Dirk Hatteraick, with Boase in tho saddle, was given slow and half-pace exercise on tho tau track. Tho Broker and Prime Minister coupled in their work, which was slow and at three-itorta pace, Auchendarroch was exercised at a moderate paco, as was also Creswick, who occupied tho tan track. Vasco did' moderate work. Lady Adelaide and tho Eivalry colt .spurted four furlongs, and then exercised slowly. Alhiudor went through his drill without an associate Hawthorne nnd Vornet opened with a slow canter; they then increased their paco, aud rau a fast mile. Go hanua in his usual taking style did t'orviceablo worland Esmond and Sauviguon spurted. The youngster was in a lazy mood and would not gallop. Chablis aud Condor cantered round the outer track. Phantom enjoyed a slow canter by himself. Gratitude and Mystery cantered once round on the sand track slowly, and then registered a fast turn,, m which tho filly had all tho best of it. Lord Wilton did slow work, .signor and Prodigal cantered, slowly once round ; they then broke away just beyond tho half-mile post and rana fast milo and a quartor. The Bt. Albans bred colt defeated his companion rather easily. West Coast worked alono, ßtono Broko and Xenia spurted threo furlongs. Chloe, who has been doiug long medium paco work, was exoroised by herself. Thia filly will run very well in the Caulfield Guineas, if started. Josephine was sent slow and half paco work on tho tan track by herself. Milos and Middlemarch. joined issue in a flutter of four furlongs. Coronet and Anchorite cantered twice round on the Band track. Tho fcwo-yonr-old West minster and tue maro Telltale wero exercised, in com« pany and spurted home half a mile in good time. The South Australian filly Sandal mado her first appearance ou tho track, and cantered Blowly. E-he does not show any improvement siuco tho Adelaide May meetings. Footman worked alone. Royal Irishman and Anchorite started together slowly on the tan aud finished with a brisk six furlongs. Heleno was oxeroiaed on tho sand track with a strong boy in tho saddle. Kir Garnet did long half-pace work on tho tan. Guesswork did the usual once round slowly, and then jumped off from tho starting: post and executed a useful onco round. Conjecture did work of a similar nature, but her gallop was slower than her brother's. King's Messenger galloped a mile afc a good paco. Moteor did work of a similar kind. Ring master had tho best of The Teacher in a half milo spin. I.Ü.U. and Dunlop ran homo together over tho same distance. Fryingpan ran a onco round on tho Band track with Power in tho saddle, and finished in great form. Commotion alone was exorcised at a moderately fast paco on tho tan track. Duration did the samo. The 2-year olds, Arsenal and Danseuse, were given gentle work, with a spurt homo from the five furlongs post. Bothflnishod strongly and closely together, Belle Brandon and Princo Patrick wore mated for useful work, and ran homo afc threo parts paco from the six furlongs post. Tho mare showed ' to the best advantage. Aoolyto did moderate work. Hur ricane wa» restricted to the tan-track, aud cantered slowly rouni a number of times. In tho absence of Robert the Devil, Victress was introduced to Never Mind Hor. Tho pair ran a mile afc a good working pace. Romany Rye was exercised by herself. Carrington did serviceable work alone, and tho speedy Delatnie cantered and spurted. Tho Frenchman took a survey of tho Eurroundings, uni did a couplo of turns on tho sand-track. The chestnut hunter Comet did .moderato work. Tho Agent executed a good onco round alone, and tho remainder of Reid's string worked in a bunch. Sheela, Tell Tale, and Tootoo worked afc intervals. Tho last named is one of the most improved animals at Flemington Napier, Agatha, Carbuncle, and Veray (the last-named i" . neck sweaters) did serviceable work. Verg.v l^-- j;ne credit" of having done the sensational gallj;- "u eáturday morning lasfc. _ ? ? ^imrn ,-- M. 