IN N I E, THE WAIF; OB, THE FORTUNES OF A CASTAWAY. By WM. C. HONEYMAN, Author of For Fame," " Under the Lamps," "Little Nell," &c.; Chapter XIX.—A Compact between Rogues. Dr. Allison, as Tony Sigers knew, was generally at home about two o'clock in the afternoon; and the hour or two yet to elapse before the favorable time did arrive Tony easily filled up with drinking, smoking, and dominoes at a public- house. He felt tuat he needed this priming up. He was only too conscious that|he was ignorant, and had a wholesome diffidence regarding his powers when pitting his wits against those of a polished man of the world like the doctor. "If I'd only been to colledge like him," was Tony's reflection, " I could make up a fine story and lay it off in first-class style, but I s'pose it's too late to think of that now. Jce has a better chance, 'cause he's bsen caught young." Dr. Allison had strictly forbidden Sigers to call upon him by day, and was therefore anything but pleased when he walked into the surgery to find, instead of some anxious messenger or patient, only the burly house breaker, who bobbed his head in a clumsy salute, and fidgeted nervously with his cap, as if in a state of suppressed excitement and eager to divulge the cause. "Itold you never to come near me by day," angrily began the doctor, " and not at all except when absolutely necessary, yet here you are." "That's it, doc.," interposed Sigers, with another bob of the head. " Absolutely neces sary—them's the words for it, only I hadn't 'em handy all through leaving my dictionar' at home on the pianny. I've come to tell you I've done that job all right for you." "Job—what job?' said the doctor, with pretended astonishment and perplexity. "Oh, you know—that business with the girl, Winnie Markle as they called her. It's all right—she's gone," and Tony mopped his forehead with his cap as if to remove the cold perspiration. " Gone! oh, I'm glad to hear it," returned Dr. Allison, smiling out in relief. " Where Is she gone to?" " Well, ye know, I can't exactly tell that," slowly responded Tony, trying, with some success, to draw on the look of a callous mur derer, " but she's dead," " Dead ? When did that happen ? What did she die of ?" " Oh, come now, doc., don't try on that game with me," said Sigers, resentfully. "Them innocent looks is thro wed away on me. What did she die of 2 She died of taking too much of that knife of mine;" and Sigers suggestively brought out and opened a tobacco knife, with a blade nearly six inches in length. "Why, you monster, you don't mean to tell me you killed her!" cried the doctor, in a horrified whisper. " Hod to. Your orders was so strict and so plain—couldn't got out of it," said Sigers, coolly ; " though I must say I did feel a little bad while doing the job, just like you'll feel when you're run down and have got to die. Ye see, I've no experience in doing for such young and-innocent-looking creaturs, and I don't want any more jobs of the kind. I daresay if I was to do it genteelly with poison and medicines, like you do, I'd not think so much of it; but its the sight of the blood that upsets me; and again Tony dejectedly mopped his brow. Dr. Allison staggered faintly, and at length dropped into the nearest chair, where he sat staring at his visitor in pallid horror and dismay. " Good heavens above us ! What on earth could prompt you to such a diabolical crime 2" he at last managed to gasp out. "Come, I like that!" exclaimed Siger3, looking aggrieved. " You ask me that—you that hired me to do it. Try another dodge, doc.; I know that one." " I asked you to get her out of the way— abroad—to a foreign country," desperately returned the doctor. " I did not dream of you lifting your hand against her " " No use saying that now, when the thing's done," coolly answered Sigers. " You knew the polite way of putting the thing to me, and you did it. Nobody ever ask3 any one direct to murder any one. It goes agin nature, and they always put it some other way. I .wish though you'd done the job yourself, for the thought of that poor little wench hauuts me. I can't sleep at nights, She looked so pitiful when I was cutting hor weasand; but then I remembered that it was your murder, not mine, and that I was no more to blame than that knife. I was only the tool doiQg the work." " You'll hang for it as sure |as fate!" said the doctor, faintly, "and you deserve it. If the crime is discovered nothing can save you." "Or you either," calmly ^retorted Sigers, "for of course I'll tell all about you hiring me to do the job." " A falsehood !" hotly exclaimed the doctor. "Who would believe such a statement, even if it were true ? Where is your proof 2" "The proof would be the interest you have in getting the child out of the way," said Sigers, rather staggered, and mentally thank ing his stars that he had never thought of committing the crime. " Wbatjjinterest?" demanded tho doctor, gathering courage. Tony Sigers could not tell what he did not know, but he took refuge in vague hints. " You know better nor I can explain," he significantly rejoined; " but speak out. What are you up to 2 After me doing for the girl, and getting rid of tne body so's it can't bef ound, you're surely not going to do a s windle about the payment 2" " I cannot pay you blood-money," said the doctor, looking positively ghastly. "No, I" did not hire you for that, and I will not stain my soul by paying for it," " Your soul! stain your soul!" echoed Sigers, with sovereign contempt; "as if it wasn't so covered with them already that the first color's quite covered over. It's con venient to have moral scruples when you've got to pay away a slump o' money. Don't call it payment for that if that will relieve your tender conscience. Gall it charity to a poor orphan, or a gift to a valliblo friend, or money sent to the heathen. Charity begins at home, and I'm the biggest heathen I know of. Besides, I've been out of pocket con siderable in order to get rid of her friends, the Markles, who are gone away to the back woods of America—at least to some kind of foreign scenery—in the expectation of finding her there. I don't expect them back in a hurry. They'll soon get over it, for you know, doc,, that they're no more her father and mother than I am." This last remark was a mere speculative guess on the part of Sigers; but as it passed unchallenged by the doctor the housebreaker decided that his suspicion had been well founded. "You are a murderer," said the doctor with manifest loathing, "a hired assassin; and you would kill your own brother for money. Never dare to come near me or speak to me again, or you will suffer for it." "Mebbe you're right about my brother, and you're welcome to try me by hiring me to kill him; but thi-. I'll tell ye—there's some folks in this world I'd put a knife into with out a penny of payment—just for the pleasure of the thing—and you're one of them," and as Sigers suddenly threw out the last words he turned on the doctor with the open knife in his hand so threateningly that the other forgot his horror in a moment and sprang to his feet, thinking only of seeking safety in flight. Although able to look with coolness and indifference on death in any form in others, the doctor was a thorough coward at heart, and could not calmly face death in his own person. "Would you attack me? Would you kill me 2" he breathlessly exclaimed, when he had reached the door and had got his Angers on the handle of the lock. "You or anybody ,that tried to cheat mo out of my hard-earned money, cried Sigers, with a great show of ferocity, and an inward chuckle over the dcctor's terror. " Fork out the rhino, or you'll get the whole length of this knife, either now or when you least expect it," " The wretch is desperate and fit for any thing in his present mood," was the doctor's quailing thought. "I must temporise a little —get rid of him at any cost, and then trust to his crime neing discovered and brought home to him. If he were ouly removed the last weight would be gone from my mind. I could be happy then." "You're plotting something now," said Sigers, acutely. "When your eyes drop that way, and seem to go back into your head, I know you're up to mischief. Well, do your worst—I'm ready for you. But I must have some of the money. I don't want it all at once, for bless you, I haven't got no place to keep it—no safes, no banker, no nothing— and the company I'm forced to keep ain't select, so I'd be sure to lose it. Just give me something to account; I'll make you my banker, doc.," he added, with great condescen sion, "and I'll never quarrel with you, or dis charge you, till you stop payment." " I am not afraid of you," said the doctor, goiDg to his money drawer, and smothering his rage as best he could. "No; you don't look like it," observed Sigers, with a grin, "But I will give you a trifle till I can make some enquiries iuto this unhappy business," continued the doctor, placing some money into Sigera's hand, " I wash my hands of the whole affair." "Humph; my knife might as well try to wash itself," said Sigers, gruffly. "I ain't educated up to them ways of dodging my con science. It's all the same to me though, so lODg's I get the money. Ta, ta, doc. See you again soon, I hope," and with these words Sigers put up his knife and swaggered out of the great hall, the doctor, as usual, showing him out himself. "Grave the white-livered cu3s d. good fright," was Sigers's chuckling thought, as he left the place, " but it'll be rayther awk'afd for me if he goes out to the Causewayside and finds that the Markles is only away with the show folks. What story will I make up to fit on to that 2 Say I spread that report to prevent suspicion, an' keep them from giving the alarm and looking for the body? That would do—a good idea. My eye, what a lark it is! him quaking in his shoes and swallow ing it all like new milk. He'll be seeing her ghost at his bedside every night, but maybe the ghost won't be noticed much in the crowd. Hope that blessed panorama won't come back for a year of Sundays, for if it did he'd be sure to see her or hear of her, and my nice little pot of money would be done." While Sigers was thus looking for trouble and danger in ono direction it never struck bim that there was enough in his past life to bring these elements upon him without the doctor's intervention. The money extorted so easily from Dr. Allison was soon squan dered, but unluckily for Sigers the drink which it.had procured for him had loosened his tongue on matters far removed from the business on which he had founded his good fortune. Just when Sigers was meditating a second call upon Dr. Allison he was arrested, in the ordinary course of events, by the police, and charged with housebreaking on the most indisputable evidence. He knew he was guilty, and he knew* also that he might have expected to be taken, yet the moment he was locked up he thought of the doctor. •' I believe he's at the bottom of this," he said, with imprecations deep as rage and hate could make them. " I might have known he was plotting against me. Can he have found out how neatly I sold him with the story of the murder 2" If Sigers could have got an answer to that question in the negative he would have written to the doctor demanding help in his trouble, but the walls of the gaol yielded no reply, and he was forced to fame and fret in ignorance. (To be continued.) 