FEAST OP THE NATIVITY. "CHBl8TMA8come8botonceayear,ancl when it ^somes it brings good .jc^eer." Though the words of the old carol are sim|tl^ tbVir meaning 'is:, profotftid. ;In frqyerbial philoBophy.thereiB oftea much wiBdom, and the .qiiaintjpeople to wbdm we ate largely indebted for our stock<of ancient lore were' not in the habit of couching their thoughts m fine' phrases. They left ell that to the tehbol's; about which they toew less than the common people of to-day,. or at least did not pretend to know to much. The words we have quoted are an example of that combi. nation of simplicity;, and. philosophy to which we refer, aud. tbe best wish we could have ibt> our readers is that they may fully realise their meaning; for if Christmas brings them "good cheer " in" the sense intended by the old rhymer, it will not: alone furnish them with a board " groaning" with all that delights-and satisfies the carnal man, but will > also find them in possession of a healthy appetite, good digestion, a happy mind, and an easy conscience. And what more could any reasonable; being desire? If : the vision be not carried backwards or forwards,; but is limited to the, timebeing, there, is surely contentment in that' list of blessings which the first line of the old carol embraces. But there are, we must confess,, weaknesses and evils which even beneficebt 'Father Christmas cannot cure." Notwithstanding his good-will for mankind, he is rather particular in choosing his friends. There are abodes which he could not, with a due regapdvto his> excellent character, visit. Bringing^ sunshine with him, he may enter where misery dwells and touch the heart • 1 With hope; but he passes the do6i? inhere 'sin and wretchedness are'associated. If, as some of his biographers irreverently say, Father Christmas was a ' Pagan in remote times, and upon his coversion changed his name,, it cannot be 6aid that he has proved himself futiworlby <tf th6 honourable fi itiitle he assumed. ' He" has thoroughly acted up to it as long he is known- to Christian nations. Abuses* are' commited - in his name, but for these he is in nowise responsible. As a thorough Christian his character is unimpeachable; with excess of any kind lie has ; no sympathy. Where pleasure is riotous he is absent, though his name may be invoked, and ^ his sanction assumed; But if, as might be expected from his age and experience, , he is confirmed in goodness,' hie is also; and perhaps from the same , cause, rather eccentric in . some of his ways. For instance, he 'shuns the homeWhere bitter memories are nursed, insisting that the weary heart shall be AeBljr opened to the light from those guiding stars that lead to the source # peace and good-will r - Again oaf hoaiy and welcome old visitor has no favours lor those; 1 who persist in looking : out; gloomily into the fatnre and^ reject thtit 'message the acceptance of reveals a vision of endless beatitucle. It is . a Pagan motto that we shouia seize the delights of the, day and not trouble ourselves with the ills, tne morrow, may bring, and, with reserja; tipns and qualifieations.r this is j ^ dvice given by «tre~converted Fa^ap. H« sanctions the sirloin, the wine cup, id;tbe plum p'udding, though he ines himself to partake of that gowi ans if- 'the . salt be' not blessed. e loves a feast, but not one atwbicn e body is'pampered and the nearx » ot Hb; is^^ not credited eing faseeticj or even eimple^n. nw as^iwitlnliw jusejof 'K ,»dirtsv-K rf'f,t font whose soul > is not wholly rapt up in it. Without flattery we could' got represent him as a saint, < but without injustice we could not describe; him, as anything hut a sinner. And, perhaps, it is because he is not immaculate and is supposed .to .wink atany,.T6i9ialtran3greBsionscommitted in excess of mirth, that he is so much loved' by people conscious of their infirmities, and too humble, or too wise, to hope, that they can ever succeed in altogether healing them. It is no harm that a mythical personage so-venerable, and yet so genial, as Father-Christmas is associated with the celebration of the great Christian festival; and it would, in our estimation, be B positive loss to believe that, because he ; has from time immemorial been, inured to: tempest, frost, and -snow, he would be unwilling to visit us in this sunny land. Fairies or ghosts may have found a long stretch of ocean an insuperable obstacle to their migration to the new quarter of the world, but of a certainty Father Christmas has overcome that obstacle. Had he never left the North his influence could not have beeD fell in the South as it has been. Unquestionably he visits us in due season, and we hope that our readers, without exception, will open their door wide ; to him, and comply with the conditions on which alone he brings " good «heer." That creation of the fancy which we have presented, dressed as tradition invests it, really had its origin in the parest devotion to the new-born King whose Nativity we celebrate. It is the expression of ideas that spring from the holiest source. It gives shape and form to several of the graces that flow from the birth of the Redeemer. There is nothing in it to confound it with myths that originated in the igDorance -or depraved appetites of mankind. It was born of pure love, reverence, and the sense of gratitude ; and, properly understood, there is not in worship an idea more thoroughly imbued with Christian faith. Simple as the conceit may seem, we have in the personification of Christmas an acknowledgment of the first, the last, and all the verities of the Christian religion. The birth of the Second Person of the Most Holy Trinity confessed, the sure foundation of a plenary faith in Revelation is laid. That victory achieved through grace, there is no mystery in the life of Christ hard to believe; and so we may perceive how profound is the meaning which a simple people conveyed in their simple carols. In those ages, when there was no scepticism among the people, and in their faith men and women were as little children, the carol atii.Christmaa time was a natural manifestation of their piety and gladness of heart; and if we advert to this now, and to that creation of their fancy which they invested with so many of the Christian graces which the Holy Season should bring with it, we but conform to the spirit in which the great festival may be most fittingly celebrated. The event celebrated is bounteous of blessings such as the weary soul most needs. It brings rest and peace to the Christian, and affords him a sure promise of peace to come, and these are divine favours which are most properly acknowledged with cheerful thanksgivings and gladness of heart. Hence we very sincerely wish our readers and friends— ay, and our enemies, too, if we have any— A MEBRY CHBISTMA8 AND HAPPY NEW YEAR. 