DIOCESE OF BALL ABAT. (From our own Correspondent.) The Bishop visited Buninyong on Sunday, the 6tn inst., for the purpose of administering the Sacrament of Confirmation to the Catholic children of that parish, which included Clarendon, Napoleons, and other places. Great preparations had been made for the reception of his Lordship, this being his first visit to Buninyong (one of the oldest churohes in the Mission of Ballarat) since his elevation to the Episcopacy, The ohurch was crowded, yet many persons had to hear Mass outside. A number of non-Catholics were also present. The church was beautifully decorated. An arch of evergreens was thrown over the entrance to the reserve, under which were inscribed the words, "Weloome to Buninyong." Over the altar, upon a white ground, was " May God Bless Our Good Bishop," while oyer the arch nearest to the altar " Welcome" was displayed. Under eaoh of the arches hung evergreen wreaths interspersed with yellow blossom,.and garlands fell gracefully over the windows. Besides these, a number of handsome bannerets were suspended from the walls bearing the words " Charity," "Joy," "Wisdom," " Understanding," " Counsel," &o.; The front of the church was also decked with evergreens, a cross of the same being placed at either side of the door. The children were seated in front of the altar, the boys,on the right, the girls on the left. They were all neatly attired (especially the girls, who wore white dresses, with wreaths and veils), and had on blue scarfs. They also wore Confirmation medals. After Mass, whioh was celebrated by the Rev. P. Murphy, the Bishop examined the children, and explained the nature and efficacy of the great Sacrament, and the great necessity of being properly prepared. The Bishop then, assisted by the Revs. P. Murphy and John Meade, administered the Sacrament to over 170 children. The Bishop then addressed them again, pointing out the necessity of their frequently receiving the Sacraments of Penance and Holy Communion, and having. recourse to prayer. He enjoined them to be particular in their devotion to the Mother of God. Most of the children oonfirmed have been enrolled in the Saapular of the Blessed Virgin, have lately taken the pledge, and have had the happiness of receiving their first Communion. After Confirmation, the following address, beautifully printed In gold and colours, and bound in a morocco case, was presented to his Lordship by Mr. J. Higgins, J.P.:— To the Right Rev. James Moore, D.D., Lord Bishop of Ballarat. May it please your Lordship,—On be half of the Catholics of the parish of Buninyong, we respectfully offer to your Lordship a sincere and hearty welcome upon your first visit as our Bishop to this, one of the oldest ohnrcbes in your diocese, and heartily congratulate your Lordship upon your elevation to the Episcopacy. We are truly grateful to the Holy Father for appointing your Lordship to rule over us, remembering as we do the zeal with which you have laboured so long amongst us in the cause of religion and Catholio education, as is evidenced by the number of ohurches, convents, and schools that have been erected in the diocese by your Lordship's exertions. In conclusion, we fervently pray that the Holy Spirit may guide and direct you, and that you may be blessed with health and strength to rule over us for many years. Begging your Lordship's blessing, we are your obedient, devoted, and faithful children in Christ. Signed on behalf of the Catholics of Buninyong, John HIGGINS, J.P., Thomas CAFFREY, Patk. DINNEEN, Wm. RYAN, Thos. TRAIT, Wm. HAYES. The Bishop said that their kind address had taken him by surprise, as he had not expected such a demonstration of their feelings towards him. He had always received from the Catholics of Buninyong their hearty co-operation. He remembered that when steps were being taken to enlarge and renovate their church, shortly after his taking charge of the Ballarat Mission, he had received their warm support in carrying out that object to a successful issue. As it was now getting too small to accommodate the increased congregation, he trusted they would soon take steps to still further enlarge it. They had kindly referred to his services in the erection of churches and schools. He would say that he could have done little in this respect had he not received their cooperation, and that of the Catholios of Ballarat. He might here mention that during the last sixteen years the large sum of £44,000 had been expended in the erection of churches in the Ballarat Mission, exclusive of £10,000 expended upon the Palace. In the course of his remarks the Bishop referred to the grievances which the Catholics of Buninyong, as wall as their co-religion ists throughout Viotoria, were suffering under upon the question of education As an instance of the great efforts they had been making to support their own schools, the Bishop mentioned that the large sum of £69,000 had been expended in the erection and maintaining of Catholic schools during the past eight years in the Diocese of Ballarat alone. They would be surprised, therefore, to learn that a report had lately been made public, whioh was signed byfive members of the Boy al Commission on Education setting forth that the Catholic body suffered under no grievance, and that it was only a Church matter. Now he oould not understand how men of intelligence and integrity could come to such a conclusion from the mass of evidenoe which had been laid before them by the Catholio body, both as regards the doctrine of the Church on this question, and the heavy demands whioh tbe conscientious obligations'of 'Deithoiios entailed upon thetq. Another report had also been madis public, which is undoubtedly the printoipal one, as it is signed by the chairman, Judge Rogers, a gentleman who had, for a number of years, resided among them, and whom they held in the highest esteem. This report stated that the Catholios had a grievanoe, and that it ought to be redressed. Both of these reports would soon come before the country. The question, of education was a vital one to Catholics. They should remember that they were a fourth of the population, and if they were properly organised they would be able to relegate to private life some of those members who oppose their just rights. The Bishop concluded by again thanking Mr. Higgins and the other gentlemen for their hind address. I may mention that before concluding this notice that the choir sang before Confirmation the hymn " ComeHoly Ghost," and at the conclusion of the service "Faith of our Fathers" and " Mary'Immaculate," With great taste and feeling, all the children to be confirmed joining-in. Miss Caffrey ably presided at the harmonium. Great oredit is due to the members of the committee, andespecially to Mr. Higgins, J.P., for the successful carrying out of the arrangements. Thanks are likewise due to the ladies of the congregation, who took great pains to decorate the ohurch, in which they were greatly assisted by the contractors for the painting, Messrs. Busch and Baird. .She fortnightly meeting of the €t. Patrick's JPotal Abstinenoe Sodality was be)d on Wednesday, 1st inst., the Rsv. >G.©oyle, prewdent, in the oh air. The balanoe-sheet and auditors' repoitifor the half-year were read and duly reoeived and adopted. The .w officers for the coming six resulted :-Vioe- presiffi, Lynch and Castles (unopposed); hon. sec- retary, Mr. D. J. Doyle (unoppoes); hon. treasurer, Mr. W. Hayden (unopposed). The election of eight members for the coun- cil resulted in Messrs. O'Keeffe, Healy, Samon, Grace, Walsh, Ryan, Ketts, and Cooney being elected. A vote of thanks was moved by Mr. Mullens, seconded by Mr. Healy, to Messrs. Doohan, the retiring councillors anfl carried. Messrs. M'lntyre and Sl^ having responded, the rev. preffl ^ pressed a hope that the new officers would show the same 3 ft* moting the interests of the sooiety as th«£ predecessors had done during thepS months. Mrs. Grace promised^ tion of £1 towards the banner w although Mr. Grace had already S scribed to this fund. Some other roS business having been transacted.andit being too late to have the usual reading &o.;, the members repeated the nledw after the rev. president. The mestine 8 then broke up. The usual weekly meeting of the Oatholio Toung Men's Society was held on 3rd Ootober. The chair was taken bv Mr. T. Bartells. It was resolved, on the motion of Mr. Crotty, that a letter of thanks be sent to Bev. Fr. Sogers for his kindness in delivering the lecture on "Longfellow." Some other routine matters having been dealt with, the special business of the evening oame on namely, " The Magazine" and elocutionary exercises. One paper on "Local Option," by " Milesian," was reoeived. Becitations were then given by Messrs. T Carey, T. Shannon, M. Kennedy, and J. Lynch. The meeting closed with the usual vote of thanks to the ohair. st. hart's, colao. The receipt of the Colao Reformer, li Ootober, enables us to add some particulars to our report In last week's itsue of the social gathering at the loinl presbytery, by which the clearing off of debt on the ohurch, and the anniversary of Fr. Nelan's birthday were celebrated. The Reformer says" Two years have elapsed sinoe the erection of St. Mary's Ohurch was commenoed, the oost of construction being over £3600, and the task, whloh Fr. Nelan set himself to perform, of liquidating tbe large liability remaining after the oontractors oeased operations has been consummated in a comparatively short spaos of time, a faot significant of muoh exertion, and no littld perseverance on his part, and on that of the committee who accorded their co-operation in the noble work. The end aohieved likewise speaks well for the liberality and sympathy of the residents of all denominations in Colac and the surrounding districts." The host (the Bev. Fr. Nelan) in proposing " The Committee, Visitors, and Protestant friends who had so cordially assisted in the erection of the ohurch," Baid :—" This time twelve months ago there was a heavy debt upon it, and he felt the prospect before him to be a somewhat dark and diBmal one, bat he did not then know what amount of good there was in human nature, and if such a difficulty whioh he had stremonnted had not presented itself, he would not have been able to realise the truth yet. His appeal was sent forth, and'the result was suoh that he coald never forget the kindness shown to him by the Catholics of Birregurra, Ondit, Camperdown, Pirron Yallock, and South Purrumbete. They nobly responded to the request for help, and but for them the building that evening would have had on it a debt of between £300 and £400. They had subscribed well and generously,' and their oo-operation had been valuable indeed. To the friends who had furnished help, his Protestant friends, and indeed to all who came forward, he could bot express adequately his thanks, nor in language could he show his feelings towards them.*' Mr. Greeu and other gentlmen re- sponded. ' • . . . .. The Bev. J. Campion sua he wished to propose a toast, whioh he was quite sure would be reoeived with acclamation by alH* "them. He need scarcely say that it was »e health of their muoh-eeteemed pastor, «e Bev./ Fr. Nelan, who had so, hospitably entertained them that night. He ,was glW .the present opportunity was afforded himpf Kiving expreMion to the feelings {of reap*' amd estoem he entertained toyardshim, pW whop he had been eo happily during ana?* «e 4he | past ^ two yeaw. His H m h.ppjr timpXaA supplied very many eh°rtco£o« ol the speaker's, and cheered »d Ughtenea aLSS^M sometimes Wearvinff wearying toils of n^aT ^pi^^u^^Woh'wauia long erti& tt influence bis own Conduot AMn ago-then In the blootajw ytjaW^W-Wdxn commenoed amongst th«n, and thww ubran jhw W ualntBrniptedly oontteoed dtimK that Wtfaeoad period- The «•»«*««£ duties of his rs.pon.iblo office, oftetfMM^J very trying cirouuwtanoes, ampl/ J MUU^ . nt the young priest that bad been present illuetrions Arohbi.hop of ikn raf! 'The gentlemen pTe«ent were .t^thoot the mean, of judging with what bs had discharged his important ff 1 jhey had bad several opportunities j-f«irineand appreciating that quality, so bis own, of adapting himself with P^M&nes.; to aU classes and all de- '"Vitions of the community. And in the . 0f bis sacred office, it was no easy to satisfy those under his immediate v 7 and those who widely differ from in religious views. This, however, he vJ Moompliihed ; in this success had been S I He thought he might safely say nriest had exereiBed wider influence *LL rich and poor, Catholic and Pro- £Lit. than Father Nelan, as the splendid ITntrihutions poured in for the churoh tf dl classes eloquently testified. He not desoribe for them his energy and the good works whioh had resulted Enm them. If they j adged the tree by its fruits, U would he hard to exaggerate the extent of servioeB for their spiritual and temporal mlfote. That beautiful presbytery in whioh 7 were assembled on tbiB festive oooasion Z celebrate his bitthday-a building so «rfeot in »<* details, and showing in l«rv part snob good taste ; that splendid Snreh whioh oost £3613 without a shilling j debt upon it, recently built by hie Indefatigable zeal, bis indomitable energy, im4 unflinching determination to surmount ofatsoles that presented themselves at every .tain a comparatively poor distriot—these ton testimony to his fruitful labours. His 1,bonis, then, and the truly paternal aolicitude always evinoed for their welfare, tailed for some evidenoe of gratitude on tbeir part. And he, for one, cherished the tope that this gratitude would be adequately expressed by a substantial testimonial, whioh (bey would raise and offer for his aooeptitioe, and whiob would enable him to continne without personal debt his longfamiliar duties amongst them. He knew for a faot heavy and nnmerons were the pertonal expenses whioh he was constrained to bear while working for tbeir churoh. He bad, therefore, every olaim upon their gratitude, and, if their hearts were susoeptible of grateful feelingB, tbey would bur testimony to his claims, and mark their appreciation of his labours, by raising and patenting a testimonial worthy alike of him and of themselves.. He was sure the rev. Father's health would be heartily drunk, and wishes expressed for his continued strength for him to labour in the future as he had dons in the past, with equal zeal and equal success. Hie Rev. Father Nelan feelingly responded. He had visited the bank that day, and had paid the last farthing owing on the Colfto structure in cash. The funds to credit bow stood as under"-Interest, £13 16s. ; bills, whioh would mature on 1st November, £54; while other sums were promised. It would thns .be seen' that they had monetary diets, and the position was now reversed, for, instead of Owing the bank money, the Utter was in their debt. 