A STORMY WEDDiG CH.&PTEB; XXI.— (Continued). 1 etary-.-d back. I was on my way here last night wy»8n I met you. I found you in trouble, uafri--Qded, beset with snores. I persuaded my self that I ought to keep at liberty a little longer, tb*t I might watch over you. But it was a delu sion. Others can guard you better than he who dares not protect you openly. Winsrina went this aaorning to bring the lawyer who has my father's business in charge. He will be here a few hours later. I will tell him how you are situated, and place you ia his keeping. He will care for you faithfully. You will be no dependent. A deed of gift that he will draw up for me will transfer all that I have to you. No, you must not reject it. I have no one else to give it to. And I shall not need it. I shall need nothing — not even a Earn to fee a lawyer. For I will not have myself defended in a court of justice. I will oppose no denial to the fake testimony they mil swear against me.' * Do not say that !' cried Eutli. * To let that horribly false evidence pass unrefuted is a wrong to yourself — to your name — to your triends !' * My friends !' he said, with a wearily bitter Emiie, ' have 1 any ? And what worse tate can befall me than that I now bear — the conscious ness that ray iaiker died by my hand ? As for fliy name, there will be none but you to bear it, £-uth. It is a wrong to you, my cousin, but . nothing that I can do can help it now. My own Statement would go for nothing- 3 and the feeling here, I find, is so strong against me that a de fence would hardly be. listened to.' * Then there is no hope but in flight. Oh, wb.7 lid you come back ? Your remorse is morbid ; ilo not let it goad you into giving yourself up to tie that dreadful death! Fly from here this rery night !' * Fly to what ? Is it worse to die on the gal xnrs than to live a fugitive — an outcast, branded ieith a heinous crime — a price set on your head — Forced to live in constant dread — stung by the ' tcorpion of undying regret, and debarred from She sympathy and confidence of your i'ellow aeings? .'Paint a darker fate than that. The thadow of the scaffold seems a passing cloud seside it.' ' It seems dark to you now,' said Uuth, bent on Wising him from the lethargy of despair, ' but jleams of comfort will come. You will find sym pathy, and trust, and ? ' She stopped abruptly, and looked aroud, drawn iy the magnetism or an eye. The Indian woman itood in the doorway, motionless and majectic as t, statue of bronze. Her tail, erect figure — the £nn upon her shoulder — the stately poise of her !iead — lihe bright, searching eye fixed upon fi.uth, were in strange contrast to her snow-white lair. Her look passed from Kuth. and rested upon Srentwood. ' You did not lock the door as I charged you/ the said. ' Jtfp, I forgot, and I am glad, since the neglect lias given me an interview with my kinswoman. Wingina, this is my cousin you have heard of torn. me. Kuth, this is my mother's friend and nine.' The Indian woman bent her stately head, but iex look continued grave. ' Was it wiee in her to come here ?' she asked. fEer movements are watched, you said ; what if &ey; seek her here and find you ?' * Oh, you are right !' cried Euth, starting tip. 'I will go away at once. I ought to havo told fon, my cousin ; you were seen when you came pith, me this morning. A neero saw you, and Btimated that he knew you, and De Castro went 10 question him and declared he would hunt you »ut. He foolishly imagined that the man who tame with me had persuaded me to leave his louse. Oh I I trust X have not brought danger ipon you. Ought I not to teil De Castro that fou are Castleton — his iriend ?'. ' 2fo ; it would do no good. Be calm, Euth ; ,lo not trouble yourself about me. If I am ar tested, it will end this suspense — this degrading tocesaity to iiy and to hide. If I am condemned, p will end & life that would be dragged out a. wretched exile. And it is the fat* of all to Ue?' ' Die, then, by your own hand,' said the Indian Iroraan, sternly ; * die before ever chey drag vou so a prison. They shall not take you under xnis fcoof.' Her eye flashed along the barrel of her gun. * Do not speak of duath !' cried Euth. ' He aust not die j he must go. Do not delay on my LeeotLat ; I need nothing, and I am safe. I have keen forewarned. Do not despair—you have lone no crime. Your remorseful self-torture, the leeling that you must suffer punishment for what k-q did, is a diseased impulse — the drega of fever in your brain. To saenfiee your life would be nicked — to endure it patiently and to make it of use to others, that would, be a nobler ex piation.' As he looked into her eager, kind eyes, and listened to her earnest accents, a light came into ids worn face. She held out her hands to him. * Farewell,' she said. * We shall meet under brighter auspices ; my heart, telis me eo. I shall fbink of you and pray for you.' He took her hands in his, and bent his lips ipon them. Euth felt a hoz tear fall upon her ingers. She would not trust herself to speak igain. She hurried away, and walked back icross the wood with rapid steps, troubled by the [ear that De Castro had discovered where she had fone, and that it had informed him -where he tould find the rival he had vowed to punish. CHAPTEE XXII. A DOSE OP MOSPHINE — LOCKED IN — A GIEL's INGENUITY. Bath's fears were well founded. That evening leifen, obedient to the summons to tea, she came lownstairs, ehe met De Castro in the hall. He iras just coming in ; his dark face was aglow with excitement. He threw his hat down and came ip to her. ' I found out all I wanted to 'know/ he said. lYour lover is the murderer, Brent Hariand. lie is hiding in the Indian woman's cabin. You lave been to see him this afternoon. When you risit him next, his lodging will be at the Werrt drorth jail. Make no attempt to warn him. Yon (pill find it useless.' Before she could utter a word he was gone. She stood trying to tnink what she should do. the arrest would be made to- night; she was tlmost sure of that. How should Ehe warn tiirH rf it ? She cherished the hope that her en treaties had shaken his morbid purpose to give fcimself up j but his interest in Ms own life was kot keen enough to urge him to get out of the teach of immediate danger as quickly as the Emergency demanded. He would stay to-night to see the lawyer. He niipht not go sway till iaybreak. He might linger still longer in bis lespondent, nerveless mood. And he did not know the extent of the danger ; he was not aware that his whereabout? had been discovered. She must let him know. But how ? Her movements trbuld be watched — her efforts to communicate frith him frustrated. She could not rely upon the mulatto woman to carry a note to Wingina. Phexnie would take her money and play her false, and for Monk, fear of ghosts, and of the bull dog tad bis master, would keep her from going1 oat -f- the house at night. Euth decided that it irould bs a risk to ask either of these to go upon inch an errand ; they would betray it, and cause her to be still more watched. Selma'e voice broke npon her perplexed thoughts, calling to her to come on, that tea was raiting. That silver-sweet voice! Euthshud ftered to near it, remembering the dark thingB that had lately been told of its owner. Bnt she must give no sign. She was under the same roof with this woman — in her power in a measure — fcnd what might not this subtle creature ', be capable of? When Euth entered the dining-room her face oatrayed only by its paleness the trouble within. SThe overseer sat at the table ; he raised his vul ture head as Bhe came in, and .fixed bis small sinister eyes upon her. Mrs. Hariand smiled graciously at her from the head of the table, and motioned her to take the seat on her right hand. De Castro sat at her left, fie was nervous in bis moTements,and he watched Euth furtively as he sipped Ms black coffee. Bhe, too, put aside Hie tea in favour of coffee.. She might need the stronger stimulant to-night. ' . Am %& rase from the table. De Castro odd to Hag*-?— ' ??'??? ? -'??;??? ?-',' '''...??;? ?? ' Have my horse saddled and brought around in a little while. I will ride to Wentworth to-night instead of in the morning. It is best to make sure.' ' Eide to Wentworth to-night ?' echoed Selma. ' What business can you have so pressing as to take you that dangerous road along the river bank to-night?' ' The business is pressing. You shall know what it iB to-morrow. Don't sit up for me. I shall not be back before midnight. Leave tae front door unlocked.' Then to the overseer, ' Hagan, you will . see to what I spoke to you about.' Hagan nodded, and the two exchanged signifi cant looks. The overseer got up from the table soon after, saying he would unloose the dog. 'Don'fc give Tartar any supper to-night,' he said to Mrs. Hariand. ' I want his temper to be in good whet. They've been prowling around the orchard again, I think.' He looked at Euth as he spoke. She could not help fancying that there was a malicious mean ing in the look. She said to herself : 1 De Castro has gone to have Brentwood Har iand arrested, and he has set TTa.gn.Ti to watch xne to kflep me from leaving the house to-night, and from sending any word of warning. For this reason, the dog is to be turned loose unfed. Can I circumvent them ? ' Her brow cleared. A possible expedient had shaped itself in her quick brain. A. slice of cold beef lay on her plate nntasted. Tipping the plate toward her, when no one was looiiing, she received the beef on her lap, and deftly trans ferred it to her pocket, folded in the napkin it had fallen upon. Then she leaned back in her chair, sighed 6oftly, and put her hand to her head, which really ached with a dull pain. Selma locked at her with unfeigned concern. ' You have eaten nothing, and you are quite pale. I am afraid you are not well,' she said. ' It is only a pain in niy temples. It is neu ralgic, I think. I nad it sometimes at the con vent, and the nuns gave me morphine.' ' I have morphine if you would like to try it,' Selma eaid. ' Come with me, Euth. You know, I suppose, how much to take.' A moment afterward, with the vial of morphine in her hand, Euth went up to her room, shutting tiie door behind her. She drew the slice ot beef out of her pocket, unwrapped it, and sprinkled it with the sleep-producing powder contained in the vial. Then she went out on the back porch and looked down in the yard till she espied Tartar. The formidable brute was standing, free of his chain, in a stream cf light that came from the kitchen window, snuffing the air and looking grimly about him. Euth threw the meat to him with such accurate aim that it fell at his feet. He seized it and swallowed it at & gulp. 'In half an hour the drug ought to take effect,' thought Euth, as she threw herself on the lounge in her room, her heart beating fast with excitement. ' It will take an hour for Carlos to get to Wentworth, cautiously as he must ride along the steep, caving river banks. It will be more than that length of time before the sheriii can mount and ride to Wingina's.. If I can gel away from here within an hour, it will not ba too late. If that good horse of Brent's has but a little the start of them, he wilL take him out of their reach. I must disarm suspicion by seeming to go quietly to bed. I am glad that Hagan saw Seima give me the morphine, and heard her ex pressing regret about my headache. Is she in league with the two men in this ? It seems strange that she should not be ; and yet I do believe that she knows nothing of what Carlos has found out, or what is the errand he is going upon to-night ? It is singular he did not teU her; he is so impulsive. It must be that the overseer influenced him. . That was surely a warning look he gave Carlos when Selma ques tioned him. But what his motive is I cannot comprehend.' She rested her head on the arm of the lounge, and, worn out with fatigue and tumult of xnind, she dropped asleep. She was awakened by a clicking sound, and springing to her feet, she heard stealthy steps retreating along the passage on the outside. She ran to the door. She had nos locked it for the reason that she had no key. Mrs. Hariand had said that it was mislaid, and that she would have it found and brought to her before bedtime. Turning the handle, Eiith found that the door was fast. Some one had locked it on the outside ; the Ehooting of the boit was what awakened her. Hagan, or the mulatto woman, at his instigation, had made her a pri soner in this upper room to keep her from com municating with Brentwood Hariand. Her first impulse was to call out loudly and in dignantly to be released ; but an instant's reflec tion told her that this would be useless. If Seima, was willing to help her, she would not dare go against the will of the man who seemed to have such power over her. Euth'8 quick wit suggested another mode of exit. She hastened to a. front window winch, ehe remembered, opened quite near the old-fashioned balcony-like porch that projected on the outside. This porch was a. continuation of the passage from which the stairs descended into the hall below. The double doors of the porch, opening into this upper hall, or rather corridor, were not likely to be locked, and the front door of the ball below would be left unfastened, as Carlos had enjoined. So. if Euth were on.ee upon the porch, her way out of the house would probably be easy enough. But as she undid the window shutters and took a critical survey of the situation, a shade of dis couragement clouded her eager face. The porch was only a few feet to the left of the ' window, but to attempt to jump upon it from the window sill would be very hazardous. The leap would have to be taken obliquely, and in a slightly upward direction, to escape the railing of the porch. Fearless as she was, Euth was not fool-hardy, and she stood a moment baffled, saying to her self : ' If I only had a board to bridge this chasm !' Then she threw her little head up, with a twinkle of triumph in her eyes, and darted away to the bed, -where ehe tossed up the mattress and pulled out one of the oaken bed- slats. Quickly estimating' its length, breadth,, and stoutness, she decided that it would do 'to bridge the chasm,' and proceeded to place one end of it upon the window-sill at the corner nearest the porch, and to rest the other end upon the balus trade of the porch. She did not doubt her ability to walk out of her prison on this im promptu gangway— she who had so often crossed a creek upon a slender, slippery log. . But she must iiot make the venture yet. She must wait until there was a, probability that the coast was jjlear. If she remained perfectly quiet her captors would suppose that sne was asleep, or that the locking nerin iiad effectually crushed her hope of succouring her kinsman. But had she time to wait ? She looked at her wateh ; ? ehe had slept but a few moments, for it was suit jet 9 o'clock. She could wait. Bhe softly withdrew the slat from the window-siU, closed the blinds, turned down the light, and lay down to improve the interval by resting. But she did not eleep. Her BenseB were on the alert to catch «ay Bound. Bhab«ardnothin^.' Nota etep norVvoice,apt a bark nor a ^cp^^S^oiieii'^BLe ;slaibB6si;of 'the iaighfc.% : '? '-,:;: ~?:ic'^ 'C'l^V I .\','- 'C-^p('r^^:-1't 'I Iiupe Tartar -a soundlj wrapped in Tielons be sorry to kill him ; but he is a villainous brute. After all he hasn't taken such an opium dose as De Quincy gave the dog Bronte^ — according to Kit North.' When the hands of her wateh pointed to half past nine she arose, adjusted her plank, placed her foot carefully upon it, steadying herself by leaning her hand against the wall outside, and walked lightly and safely across, carrying her shoes in her hand. The door leading into the passage was partly open, and she stole through it, crept down the stairs, noiseless as a mouse, cautiously opened -the unbolted front door, and made her way into the yard. No sight or sound of TartaE disturbed her as she threaded her way among the shrnbbery, and ran across the orchard, hardly drawing breath until she came to the tomb steeped in the black shadow of the live oak. (to be continued.) 