ECHOES OF MEtBOTJENE ._.,_. (Bt The Ghost.) . ;As the date for the assembling of Parlia ment approaches, the. muttorings' of the discontented little band that intends' to fight under the banner raised by Major Smith and Mr. Mirams are assuming a definite form, and some of the counts in the indictment against the Ministry are being formulated. The Opposition: will base their attack upon the faults of omission rather than upon those , of com mission, and in this they no doubt display a, large amount of wisdom, for the staunchest opponent of the coalition would find it difficult to point out 'any symptom of 'diseased activity' on the part of the Government, who have taken good care to leave no peg whereon censure can be hung by not diverging from the beaten track of routine, and, in fact, never doing anything when doing nothing would serve the pur pose equally well. . ?.;'? , . , . The Land Bill to be introduced by ; Mr. Tucker, who, with the blushing honours attaching to his successful scheme for settling the Mallee country thick upon him, undertakes the chaperonage of the new measure with a light heart, is, it is said, to meet with strenuous opposition. On what grounds? As the measure has not yet been drafted it would indeed bo difficult to ; say. The resolution at which' the .Ministry is reported to have arrived, to rescind the silly motion affirmed by the Assembly during the existence of the O'Loghlen Government, precluding the Lands Depart ment from dealing with any proclaimed reserves without the express sanction of Parliament, is also likely to provoke adverse comment, and the repeal of the stock tax, recommended by the Tariff Commission, is also, if possible, to be made into a casus belli. As the proposition for the abolition of this import emanates from Mr. Mirams, there is every probability of a division in the ranks of the Adullamites, and Mr. Service and his colleagues look upon the Opposition therefore with a large amount of complacency. They will, it is now as certain as anything can be in this' world of uncertainties and surprises, last during the existence of the present Parlia ment. Then, perhaps, the 'native vote' may make itself felt, and young Aus tralia, which sooth to say has Radical tendencies, may come to the front and dis turb the calculations of the astutest of prophets. However, ' sufficient unto the day is the evil thereof,' and for the present the Coalition is the only possible Ministry. The country is alike sick; of Radicals and Conservatives, and would, as Mr. Cuning ham, the Benior member for Geelong, once said, 'go for old Nick himself' if he offered ' them peace and prosperity — and kept his promise. Messrs. Service, Deakin, and ? Gillies have been banqueted at a ? place which to Cockney ears at least is appropriately known as Whittle sea. They were invited, ?by the Parliamentary representatives of the district in order that ' in an easy and acceptable manner' the requirements of the CDnstitu'ency might be prominently brought under their notice. In reply to the usual toast of 'the Ministry,' the three honourable gentlemen all spoke. But their utterances were only words, words, words, and not the slightest indication was afforded of which of the many ' social matters 'upon which they intended to legislate is first to -receive attention. Perhaps the three gentlemen named hardly know more themselves than did theii hearers. Hence their silence. Mr.Campbell, the lately appointed Post master-General, is generally credited with having acted wisely in not allowing Mr. Donaldson to drag him before the Court as the defendant ? in, a criminal action for libel. Doubtless the honourable gentleman thought that his present Ministerial posi tion was one to which the dictum nohlesse oblige peculiarly attached. Irascible letter writers will learn a moral from the episode, and besides have some fixed data to go upon when they desire to indite abusive epistles. The tariff for ' calling a ship chandler 'a shark' is .£50, to be paid to the poor box, and »costs, amount ing to a;'' somewhat' similar' amount. For' various sums ranging, say, up to1 i3100, persons might perhaps be permitted to call others with whom they differed in matters of business ' swordfish,' ' octopuses,' or even liken them. ' unto whales. Pressmen had now also; better beware. True, it is a somewhat hackneyed ?illustration that compares a politician to a 'cuttle-fish' that . muddies, the water surrounding it in order to hide its move ments from its foes. But besides being stale'.'it now turns out to be libellous ; so members of the fourth estate will now be forewarned. Perhaps it would be well to formulate for their guidance a rule for bidding the association of 'the represen tatives of the people'' with anything '? fishy.' . : ' ?, ;:, ..., The*, suspension of payment by the Oriental ; Bank has afforded some fresh illustrations of the ?jiruth of the proverb that avers it t*-!t-e: an ill wind that does hot blow favourably to someone. ' Unfor tunate' members of the civil, servicej for instance, who received their monthly cheques and exchanged them for notes of the establishment that has just closed'its portals, have been furnished with- a good and valid excuse for hot liquidating, their, tradesmen's accoftnts^ and speculators have b*een enabled to earn an honest penny by pnrchasing the one pound, promises to pay for sums varying., from ten , to fifteen shillings. And above alii- an : opportunity' has been' afforded some ?;' smart' possessors of Oriental Bank'notes . of, stealing, a inarch' upon the. less -wide-awake members .of the community.'; One, publican, who^does a little in' the way; of /contracting, .had 'supplied ?hiiuself, with £200, in. 'jB5 hates' to' pay his employes. Hearing of the' crash at about one o'clock, he chartered ft cab. and' calling on. a number of his brother Bonifaces and' ' shouting' at each halt, tendering one of the ' fivers' in payment, actually got rid of the whole forty within an hour, at a cost of a couple of pounds! It was not ' until a later hour in the after noon the simple Bonifaces, who had been ^treated by their fellow tradesman, dis covered how good and open-hearted he really was. And in regard to these valu able notes some persons are asking whother those who passed them, knowing them at the time to be worthless, cannot be made to return the amounts received. To people unacquainted with the subtleties of, the law, there appears to bo no great difference between tendering a cheque inevitably to be returned with the'letters'N.S.F.' en dorsed upon it, and receiving money for a bank note known to be bad. It.wouklbe worth whilo ascertaining wherein the dif ference lies. Perhaps some of the ''vic tims' may feel inclined to test the point. In their method of seeing and conquering the. Railway Commissioners are worthy rivals of Ccesar. Two days suffice, to them, to inspect 'officially' upwards of 250 miles of line. On Monday at half -past eight in the morning they loft Melbourne, and on Wednesday, shortly after ten at night, re turned to the metropolis, having performed the duties incidental to regulating the traffic and ascertaining the requirements of the whole? of the north-eastern system of our national railways ! When it is borne in mind that two of the three Commissioners aro entire novices in railway management, the conclusion must perforce be come to that the race of Hoaven-born geniuses is not yet extinct, yictorians'have the repu tation of being alongsuffering community. But among a given number of people there is always aoertain percentage of grumblers, and this class is beginning to ask when the promised reforms are going to commence. When are trains to be punctual ? When are passengers to be accommodated in clean and comfortable carriages ? When are the chances of accidents to be minimised P And above all, when are the Government lines to ciples' which the advent of Mr. Speight and his colleagues were to inaugurate P . From present appearances it would be 'un safe to prophecy any nearer date than, say — the Greek Kalends. A return has just been presented by the head of the detective police to the Chief Commissioner, in which much congratu lation is indulged in, because during the' quarter ending on March 31, out of 126 persons arrested, upwards of 100 were con victed , on being brought to trial. When the return is closely scanned, it, however, leaves very little cause for pride. Nearly twenty-five per cent. of the accused . escaped the meshes ' of the law,and someof theperpetrators of the most. daring Outrages — the Horsham bank robbers and the murderer of Beach to wit — aro still undiscovered. Apparently ' the force' are aware of their own inefficiency, and within the last few weeks the 'phizig' system, under which old criminals at large were kept in the pay of the police to assist in ' detecting' crime, has been re sorted to. But for this assistance it -is very unlikely that the men who assaulted Mr. Betts in a cab in a lane off Little Bourke-street would have been run to earth by the detectives, and subsequently convicted. During the week lovers of the sensational have been able almost daily to "sup full of horrors." The Panmure murder, in which a man named Morgan is accused of having outraged a child of some ten years of age, and subsequently of cutting her throat, to silence for ever the victim of his brutality, is now before the Court at Warrnambool in all its revolting reality. A cruel murder has been committed at Emerald Hill by a man named Browning, said to hail from ' Tasmania, who, in cold blood, battered the life out of the poor woman he had ' Bwom to love and cherish ; and a boiler explosion at Ballarat has caused, the death of one woman and seriously injured another. The further investigation into the alleged case of fratricide at Brighton may also be added to a list whick .would gratify the readers of the ' dreadf ullest' of 'penny dread fuls.' ''?'.' A certain section of the' community are at the present, to use. their pet phrase, ' much exercised in their minds' over the doings of a number of persons who will persist in making the first day of the week a holy day after their 'own fashion. They have succeeded in preventing the readings of scriptural extracts, and the performance of sacred music, advertised to take place afc the Theatre Royal— not on the score of their being an infringement of the com mandment to keep the Sabbath holy, but because money was to be taken at the doors. Ill-natured people draw the not ?unnatural 'conclusion that the churches fear the rivalry of a more attractive ser vice. But the Turn. Verein give a similar concert every Sunday evening, at which the newest yalses and polkas are performed, and the society, being ? a private one, is allowed to treat its hearers' to these 'devil's, tunes' without let or hindrance. _ There is so much feeling {shown in the matter that, if rumour, be correct, the Legislature is to be asked to bring in a measure dealing with Sunday amusements of all kinds. One great difficulty in framing a',' bill will be in drawing .the ? line between 'secular and sacred music. The Salvation Army will find itself in, an awkward quandary. : The-, -well-known refrain, 'For he's a jolly good fellow1/ is with this B'ection of the Church militant a, favourite /hymn' ? tune, and the chorus ; from 'Faust,' 'to ' which the !'words 'Oh, no|!' we'll, never get drunk any. 'more !' , h^ve been ' adapted, is a recog nised bne';in their psalter. The discussion as^to whioh', -jlassJof!harmony can claim these airs will be most interestingl' ' All the theatres are at present doing a 'ro'aring' trade.'' At the' Princess the 'Queen's Favourite' is a.favourite of the public also, and at the Bijou the house is nightly crammed- with the patron* and. admirers of opera;bouffo under Miss Emelie Melville; ' Fun ,cn the Bristol'; still runs at the Royal, despite the- ' slating' the inane piece of buffoonery -has received at the hands of the Press, while ' the Majeronis at the Opera House are minister ing to the more fastidious taste of; the Melbourne public. / . i May 9. . I 