The Exhibition o£ thiB year is a notable advance upon that of last year; the association advances, and is not merely beating time. A first thought on look ing over the vast crowds present yester day was that the people made the best part of the Bhow. We have no desire to give a political character to these exhibitions, but it goes without saying that nine-tenths of tho exhibits are drawn from thoBe industries which are indiBSolubly connected with the settle ment of the country, not with pastoral occupations. And the different gradeB of people present to see them bore about the same proportions to one another. What may be called the smaller industries, and those who pursue them, greatly preponderate. It stands to reason that it should be so. Handi crafts of all sorts will always bulk up at an exhibition, because they bulk up in a community that iB healthy and prosperous. 'Wo do not pretend that those who have nothing to Bhow are of no service, but it is notice able that certain classes of citizens have nothing to Bhow on these occasions, and that one or two classes whoBe presence is deemed by themselves to be ao essen tial to the stability and prosperity of tho country do not make the largest figure at these times. It was no less remarkable that the ' people,' as we prefer to call them, showed the keenest interest in overy thing belonging to their pursuits. The very excellent cattle on show drew their shave of attention, and so did. the sheep, although neither the time nor the place may be tho most favourable for them, 'it is tho drawback of most agricultural . shows that sheep cannot bo put on view with an advantago equal to that which is possible in the case of horses. The latter get the lion's share of interest, not only from persons who hardly know a stud horse from a car horse, but also from persons who are well informed. Yes torday it could be seen that the uncouth countrymen had a keen eye for ' points.' Had wo been in want of a first-class animal from those well-filled stalls, we should as readily have taken mo aciviec oi a groom as or nis master. Thousands of the working farmers and their wives . were present, showing the liveliest and most intelligent concern in all the exhibits belonging to their pursuits. In this place we do not pretend to criticise the several classes of exhibits, but we cannot forbear to point out the rather scant show of milch kine. We are aware that many persons owning good kiue hesitate to put them in the lists. It cannot be done without more or less injury, and oven when a prize is taken the game is hardly worth the candle. But something besides one's own interest deserves a thought at these times. Similar remarks might be made in regard to the poultry. . Bearing fowls should become a great industry with us. There is always a market for both fowls and eggs. The large ocean steamers now trading to this port are large customers, to say nothing of the rate of home consumption which .must always rule in this hot climate. The Bhow of birds this year is good enough numerically, but it is not good enough either in variety or quality. The experienced eye will at once ob serve the domestic character of the of the coloured game. The vicious habit of crossing between game and Malay, simply produces fighting birds, and ought to be strenuously discouraged at these shows. It sometimes happens that the finest pair of domestic birds are nowhere alongside of a- bird bred to fight. The bee industry so well represented, deserves a special note, and now that bee-keeping is seen to be worth atten tion, that it is being reduced to an art, as some other industries have long been, ?we hope that it will become extensive. These little toilers are singularly inter esting, and the result of their labour is always a good marketable commodity. Wa are not at all disposed to complain that the show has to take on at times the semblance of an entertainment. Everybody might miss, and some might mourn the absence of Punch and Judy, and riot a few young Australians must desire to see ' Pepper's ghost,' of old world celebrity. We vouch for it that hundreds of the youngsters are less pleased with anything on the ground than they are with their long-eared brother who yields them, and their elders also, so much sport. Care will be taken no doubt, that the show shall never degenerate to a collection of merry-andrews, but meanwhile this lighter side of the show is not to be condemned. Nor is it possible to keep out of the building or the grounds the mere shop element. In one respect it appears out of place to show imported goods. ? Still, no one thinks of objecting to this when the exhibits are in the line of our great in dustries. Why should there be an ob jection when the exhibits are articles of ordinary UBe or consumption ? It may not be necessary to show a trophy of tea, unless grown and made here ; but it is not unreasonable to put on view, those articles of consumption which point to our advancing civilisation. They should bo such as are suitable to the country ; and we could not Bay that everything on the furniture aide of the show is suitable. To answer all its purposes a show must put on view what the land is producing, and what the people are making and con suming. Its management must not only reward the great and success ful industries, which are making ub great, but also must cherish thoBe which are budding with promise. A good deal depends upon awards which are juiuuc uuuu^u uAiuuiiina bhuuiu. iiuk jjujt too much heed to that. Visitors some times know as -much as judges, and occasionally they know a little more. This being a free country, folk speak their minds freely, and if in any in stance judges make a mistake they are pretty quickly and sometimes severely corrected. Wb have reooived a copy ot the seventh quin quennial report of the Australian Mutual Pro vident Society, to be presented at a Bpeoial meeting, in the Sydney Exchange, on Wednes. day. Those who remember the early days of thia sooiety, and who happen at the same time to be members of i1, will be proud of its almost unparalleled buccobb. Wo bolievo that in tho United Kingdom there are only tiro associations larger than this. Tho society 's membernhip at the end of 1C83 was 65/72J. Its husineBB has been successfully carriei into all the colonies Queensland supplies 5,573 members. The total amount assured is £20,293,409, of which £2 390,850 standa for this colony. An nu'il premiums amount to £676,109. After duo examination of the society's ecnuritiea its ueBets are put down ut £-1,934,601 ; its liabili ties at £3,778,805 ; loaving a surplus balance ot £1,166,195. The actuary thinks it will bo safe to divide no ltss than £1,013,833 of this amongst polioy holders. Members will bo glad to be asaured, as they tire by the chairman, that a oarof ul scrutiny has been made of the society's entire investment i, acd that its froohold pro perty has been sot down at a figure well within its voluo. A new departure ia now to be mada in tho annual diattibution of profits. Probably thia will lead to tho withdrawal of lor.uso' to a larger extent than has hitherto been the case. The Bociety should be nona tho worse for that. Its business is not to accumulate money, but to'arsuro lives. Vory groat caro has beon taken in accepting risks, and tho obnBcquenco is that the society finds itsolf almost exceptionally strong in good lives. We ore not sure that the parent board always trusts intercolonial directorates to the extent to nluoh they deserve confidence Id other thin, decentralisation has proved to be a good thing. This colony has moro than a fourth as many mambors as Now South Wales, but members horo havo no voico in the election of local directors ; nono, propirly spoaking, in the election of membora to tho parent board. Ostensibly, election to local boards takos placo aftor local nomination. To what oxtoutthatisindepondonland freo, members msy noither know nor caro. But as yeara go on a chango may bo demanded, and'may have to bo conceded. Meanwhile, it may bo said that this organisation has become, as we may Bay, the paront of several othora whole vigour promises to make them rival tho old society. All put together, they havo contributed in no small degree to the thrift and present woll-being of the people. 