AN EXTRAORDINARY LOVE STORY. BY A. H. WAU,. In the old days of tbo TheiUro Francis, when, thanks to tlio advocacy of the Queen Marie Antoinette, M. Floury became a mom' hor of that dignifiod body, overy nowly made associate served hia noviciato sword in hand. To this rule 1'leary was no exception, and it was agreed amongst tho liistrionie comrades that another young actor, namod Dugazon, should test hia spirit und courage by picking a quarrel with him. Some kind of trivial dis agreement being created, a challengo ensued duly followed by a fight with swords, in which Dueazon hail tlio satisfaction of receiving a slight wound in tho thigh. Out of this sprang a friendship of a very closo and intimate nature, and in tlio suimnor Dugazou and Fluury used to stroll nway to gether ii;to tho country outside l'aris to oujoy tho fresh air and rural scenery. Nature, 03 Fleury tells us in his Memoirs, had hestowod many attractive qualities on young Duguzon. Ho hud a handsome expres sive lace and nn elegant figure, ills manners wcro agreeable, his gestures eloquent and graceful, and although his ianguago anil habits were occasionally wanting in tho courtly dig nity and refinement of his day, the contrast botwecn their Btudicd artificial graces and his impulsive and vigorous naturalness could not linvo been altogether to his disadvantage, Fieury to the contrary notwithstanding. " The Parisian tasto," saya Fleury, " then demanded that every word, look and gesture should boar the stamp of elegant coxcombry," for tho ac quirement of which, he adds, in his self satis fied way, "keen powers of observation and imitation were requisite." Dugozon may not havo lacked imitative power or observation, lie was far too impetuous, too quick to feel, too prompt iu action, to succeed in altogether adopting tho formal politeness and leisurely ceremonious airs of fashionable society. Amongst thoir wandoriugs one place was ' most attractive, and to it their steps were most frequently directed. This was tho house of M. Banieres nnd his amiable wife, near Prds Saint Gcrvais. Ho was an enthusiastic lover of the drama, nnd once bad a relativo whose dusiro to become an actor was so great that ho risked his lifo to gratify it, and ! after making his debut at the Tlidiitre I Francais, was seized and shot as a deserter from j tho army. M. Banibres used to say he would j have hoen a player himself if he had not had a ! wooden leg. They wero most hospitablo i people were M. Banibrcs and his wife, and j their hearty wolcomings and their excellent ' dinners were thoroughly appreciated by M. I Fleury. I But Dugazon had found inetal ovon more j attractive than a cordial welcome, n most ami- 1 able host and hostess, and their most excellent ' dinners. He had found Minetto, M. Banieres' , niece. And she had fonnd him a man after her own heart. She longed for his coming, watched for it throngh tho grating of the garden door, would fly to meet him with henvihg bosom, eyes nflamc, and chcoks aglow, hot- quick feel ings betraying her southern origin. If you only knew, Floury," said Dugazon with a sigh, " how much. I am charmed with that girl — how deeply I love — hut, ah 1 who can know that but myself !" Ono day they visited M, Banibres, and arrived late. But no bright eyes peered through the garden grating, no flight of hurrying feet : and chorus , of welcoming voices gladdened them, no sweetest of allswcet milcswnsthcrcto greet tho love-lorn player — in short, no ono was looking out for their arrival, and, for tho first time, tho shutter of tho grating was closed. Thoy thought, and said, this was most astonish- f ing. ' They rang the hell. There wa3 no reply. , They rang again ; still no one answered their summons. Alarmed, tlioy rang re- I tpeatcdiy, and at last' slow, reluctant foot- I steps were heard approaching from within. I Tlio shutter was unbolted,, drawn a little to ! one side, cautiously, by Madame Banibrcs. 1 Seeing wlio was there she admitted them quickly, closing1 and carefully bolting up tile j grated and shuttered entrance. " Whore is Minetto ?" asked Dugazon, ' anxiously. " Is sho ill ?" , " No. There sho is/' replied tho aunt. j Dugazon looked to where sho pointed. At tho further end of tho garden, seated in a kind of summor-honse, he recognised his love. He would have cone to hor, but Floury whis pered in liis ear. "Stay; she is not alone." M. Banibrcs then joined them. "You have oompany to-day," said Dugazon. " Do wo disturb you?" " Not at all 1 Not at all I"1 exclaimed the wooden-logged man ; "but slop this way for a minute." j Minetto heard him, glanced towards them, but remained where she was. | Dugazon lookod glum — her companion was ' a gcntloman — he was greatly disconcerted. , When M. Banibres had brought his young ! gnests into tho houso he said to them, with a > solemn air of mystery : I "My dear young friends, I will entrust you ' with a great secret. I am sure you will be worthy of my confidence. You saw a gentle man with my niece — he is an outlaw — ho has escaped from prison in tho fortress of . Vlnccnnes. He has — I doa't quite know how given great offence to tho elergy of Mar seilles." "Bnt why is he tllc-u-lete with Minetto ?" ' demanded tho Impatient Dugazon, " Oh," said Banibres, "that is easily told. He knows hor family. Sho was, you Bee, born : near Marseilles— ho once rendered lier family somo service— ho has brought letters for hor from hor family. " " Whon did ho come ?" "Last night, in thedark, he Bcaled tho garden wall ; look thoro 1" As he spoko, Banibrc3 pointed from tho window, and Dugazon noticod, with a satis faction strongly contrasting tho doleful ex pression on the face of his host, that tho strong, thickly-covered espalier was so sadly crushed that the person who did such damaeo could have been neither light nor active. " I can see," Baid tho actor, smiling, " that ho is not a young man." " Ma foi I" replied Banibres, " I can'tsay lie's old." " Will he stay long with you 5" " To toll tho truth, I don't know. Were it not -for Miuette, he should not stay hore a day." " Minolta 1" exclaimed the actor. " Is she — is she then — attached to him ?" The poor follow was tremulously exoitod; all his fears had returned. The host dropped his voico and replied in a low, sad voice : " Sho is afraid of liim. 1" " Afraid of him ! Why is sho afraid of liim ?" " There are secrets in all families. I liavo already told you he did her family some service." After an awkward pauso, in which all pre sent felt disconcerted, Dugazon proposoil that ho and Floury should have a walk to Roman- vitlo and hack before dinnor, As thoy sauntered along poor Dugazon con fided all lio dreaded and doubted to his friend, spoke with fervor of his affection for Mlnotte, and with confidenoo of lier lovo for him ; was sure that Floury would pity him if lie only knew what his feelings then wore. ? Will yon credit it," he said, "that fre- quently as I have vieited hor and often as we have hoen togetlior, so tondorly respectful was my passion that I never oven kissed the Lil)g | of her fingers ? And yet I am sure my love is not more fervent for lior than hor love is lor mo— as sure as if sho had told me so in wordsl , There is n horrible idon on my mind, Fleury Sho may bo secretly married, aud this man may he her husband I" In this strain Dugazon continued to pour ! forth his thoughts and emotions until they | returned to dinnor. ' M. Banibrcs then introduced them to the escaped prisoner. | "He was," says Fleury in his mcmoira I "rather good- looking, aud, despite his stout! j ncss, a dignified looking man. His easy agree, able mannora were thoso of a gentleman, and ho spoke eloqueutly nnd well." At the dinner I lablo tho conversation was nnimatod, nlthou«h i Dngazon was reserved, nnd Minetto melon- I clioly. Tho atrangor was a traveller who had , seen many countries. He wns full of anecdotes j lie lmil been intimate with tlio great nctor Lo I Rain, nnd had conversed witli Voltaire on Prussia, where ho saw him play iu 'Rome Sauvilo,' at a private theatrical performance I given in the ca3'le of the 1'riuccss Amelia. "I was present," Baid he, "on one ooeasion when Frederick II. and Voltaire had a controversy relative to tho proper mode of reciting French ! poetry, nnd I can assure yon, gentlemen, as members of tlio theatrical profession, that Frederick recited dramatic poetry with no menu excellence. If he had not been King of I'riiFsio, anil had thought fit to appear onlm boards of tho Tndiltre Francais, he would have mado even the best of you tremble for your laurels." Then, observing a smile of incredulity on the face of M. Floury, he addod, "Ask D'Alombcrt ; he heard him as well as I. The heroic king's style of reciting resembles that of Mouvel, and ho possesses that power of excit ing his more passionate emotions by the powerful realisations of his imagination, which has mado so many actors great. You must have often observed, gontlomen, that the real feelings of your auditory are movod in propor tion with tho animation nnrl spirit with which you express your fancied emotions." "It is fortunate then for us," said Fleury, " that the great Frederick confines himself to gaining his victories on tho battle field, and does not seek them on tho boards of the ThdiUre Francais." Hero Dugazon broko in argiimentntively : I But why does ho cultivate that power which is useless to a groat monarch, however valuable it may be to a poor aetor? I know how hard it is to roaliio tho soul stirring incidents of tragedy, and yot yon Bay Frederick can realise them without stndy, nnd oxcite at will those oinotiens which wo require all tho re- sources of our art, and tho presence of real genius, to call Into being." " And yet no task is more easy," said the stranger, confidently. " Easy 1" exclaimed Dugazon, with great warmth. "\ou do not know what you say. To accomplish snch a task is tho nc plus ultra of our art 1" Tho stranger shrugged his shoulders and smiled as if amused. " See," lie replied "how Monsieur Dugazon has himself proved ray case ; behold how eagorly ho excites hiin- eolf." Dugazon retorted with increasing fervor : "There is yourmistnko ; that Is how yonr judg ment errs. You speak as if more vivnoityof man ner, mere temporary warmth of feeling could perform this task. What kinship can such trivialities- havo with tho foroihlo and eloquent expressions of man's nobler omotiona and docpor feelings, which spring from heart to heart, linking soul to sonl ? Tho feelings you spenk of end where they begin ; those I sneak of awakona thousand echoes, oohoes that liuver end 1 tlioy infuse themselves " Tho stranger interrupted him : " Ah 1" lie exclaimed, " that is right, infusion is the idea ; it is the power of iufusing, n power that can be acquired, not perhaps by everyone, but certainly by a Fleury and a Dugazon ; hut still I assert that, comparatively speaking, tho process is a simplo ono ; to. work upon the foclings of your audience you havo but to operatu upon yonr own." " Operate 1" cried Dugazon, loudly. " Yon speak in a mirgcon'e language. What operation is that which can givo the poor player inspira tion when personating tho noblest imaginings of divino poesy ? Now, supposing I am playing Bernadillo. In tlio midst of my happiness, when elated and joyotis almost boyond express ing, I am suddenly and unexpectedly told to prepare for instant death. In the midst of hopeful delights nnd joyous expectations of tlie future, up Bprlnga the terrible certainty of doathl Where is Iho mechanical process, where is tho easy operation, by which I can reoliBc that awfal plungo into tho lowest gnlf of despair ? What emutions'woiild you call np, and how would yon depict them? What would your King of Prussia do in such a part and such a seen o 1" "This," said the Btranger, quietly. "He would recall the _ feelings oi sorao glorious victory, and in thoir midst imagino that ho had lust a great battle. It is in that way that I have playod my parts " " Yon I Are you then nn actor ?" "No— only a studont of human nature. Every man can recall aomo delightful feelings, every man barbers in his mind some soul harrowing recolleotions." " Bnt every man Is not therefore a groat actor," said Dugazon. " But every man does not try to bo a groat actor," replied the stranger. "Ho who -has gone tbrongU life, witnessing nothing that has left its impression on his mind and feelings strong enough to affect his imagination, _ must bo a strangely dull and aputhctio being, one who conld bo great in nothing, aud least ot all in art, where memory aud imagination alone givo power." Fluury thought the stranger's notions cccen. trie, hut admitted that there was much truth in them. "Suppose yourself," he continunod, "enact ing tho part of Bcruadillc. You wish to depict tho horror oi a man who suddenly loarus, la tlio midst of health, strength and happiness, that ho is oondemnod to a shameful and cruel death. Yon havo never scon a. man so fearfully tried. You want tho itsslstanco of some kindred memoiy. Can you not find it In tho Plaoo do Grbvo?" . As ho nttcred thoso words a now and terrible oxpreBsion camo into tho speaker's face. He seemod to recall Bome memories of the kind few spoke of. Minetto, watoliing him as if' spell bound and terror Btrlcken, grew palp. Fleuff uvys he looked like a man who hrp.j eitbjj wit 33C(1 or committed murders. He resumed hta remarks — ... ,, , ! " Yon tell me that tlio sight would bo pain- i Ful disgusting— that it would brutaliso your natures. 1'iuo artists, truly ! You would atudy tragody on beds of roses, aud complain if a leaf had been accidentally folded I You would get your sensations as every novel reading woman does, quietly and comlortably, seeking your inspiration in the sentiments of fasblonahlo writers of fiction, and never ven turing to make a bolder plunge. Can you, who have never thrilled with any real feeling of horror, however faint, convey a sensation of : intense horror? If Dugazon would realise Bornadillo, receiving as in a thunder oiap tho intelligence of his doom, ho must recall such a thrill as I once experienced nnd even now shnddcr to remember. I had paid a louis d'or for my soat at a window in tho Placo do Grivo. The day was Monday, nnd a vast crowd had assembled to witness its horrid spectaclo. At half past throo Pamiers appeared, made ready for lingering torturo nnd death. Ho viewed tho hideous preparations for lacerating his flesh and mangling his liihbs curionsly, but with no appearance of emotion. They ox- tended him on a platform of wooden posts, supporting deal plnnks, and bound him down -villi. hands of iron " " Then," says Flcury, from whom the main facts of this true story are derived, " tho strangor ontcred into some dotails of the tor turo, which are so horrifying that wo all with one voice called upon liim to desist, and Alinotto swooned. Dugazon," ho adds, "started up, and, with a degree of strength of j which he scaracty seemed capable, seized tho ! stranger by the collar, exclaiming, 'Silence, sir ! Silenco, I say 1 You will kill this young lady.' " The stranger, onco more cool and unmoved, replied : " I was raorely repeating, Monsieur, the narrative of tho proceedings as they wero do- tailed by the greffier who, with the judgo be fore whom Damiers had beeu tried, were con demned by tbeirduties to witness theexcoution, as a soldior is'condemncd to witness tho hor rors of a battle field. That was all. And now, suppose that either of these two men had to study for the part of Bernadillo " Seeing that no one listened to him, Minctte monopolising all their nttoution, tho stranger ceased talking. When Minetto recovered from her Bwoon, she was led from the room, but not before she had asked Dngazon, in a few hurriedly whispered words, to meet her at a certain hoar iu the wood of Kornuuville on the next Tuesday. On that day, punctual to the time, and on the Bpot mentioned, Dugazou sought her. He waited impatiently for more than an hour, and then, when about to seek her at liar uncle's, Baw her coming — but ah; how chnhged. Sho seemed liko a woman from a bed of sick ness, so thin, and pale, and weak was she. Her eyos were rod and swullen, her voico low and tremulous. Ho flew to her side, " Minetto ! You are ill, very, very ill." "I am ill," she replied, "but that is not nil, I am utterly wretched and despairing." "If you need a protector, Minotto, give mo yonr confidence. I would risk my lifo to save you from evil — whom do you fear? Whose influence do you dread ? Is it this stranger's !" " I am in his power ! He rules my destiny 1 I can nover escapo from him 1" "But who — what is ho? Bv what rioht does ho govern you ? Can you not — daro you not speak ?" Minette hnng heavily upon his arm — her head sank, her limbs trembled. Sho remained silont. "What can this mean ?" exclaimed Dngazon. "Wbnt mysterious power decs this stranger exorclso? We are not living in an ago of magicians ! Tell me, Minette— tell me if you daro — tell me the cruel truth, if it bo a truth. Is ho your lover ?" She turned her dim, tearful eyes up to his face, and saw tho fire of a wrathful, jealous eagerness, as she said, reproachfully. " If he were my lover should I be hero — alone with you 7' " Then ho is your persecutor. Forgive me, Minette, if I seemed for d second — only for a second — to doubt you. Pray, pray, forgive me." " Should I not havo been happy with him, had ho been my lovor, and did I seem so, Dngazon ? Happy I Alas I do I look liappy ? A lover. Oh ! no ! no ! no 1" " Good I Ho is your euomy, then. Now I know- in whioh way thiB matter con bo settled, and quickly, very quicklt." "You mean to quarrel with and challengo him. But you do not know tho man as I do." " I will kill him," muttered Dngazon. ' " You cannot,", said Minetto. " Ho will not fight, and you cannot assassinate him." " That shall bo known oro long. For tho present, Minette, I only ask you to tell me his nanio, his real name. Not that by which ho may choo-e to call himself — that is nothing." " I cannot, I daro not 1" "You cannot ?" " I nm bound by a fearful oath — tho re membrance of it maddens me. He took the dead from the grave and shattered the coffin at my feet. But, listoii. There is a way iu wnlcu 1 can bo saved. I ho story you ask mo for is too horriblo. You would not credit it. Thero is ono who knows it istruo— the queen's physician, Dr. Lassonne. Go to him —you know him, do you not ? Ho can savo us. I have often heard yon spoak of him us if you did know him well, and that was why I bogged you to moot me here to-day. I am ill, seriously ill — I believe almost I am dying. Ask him — ask Dr. Lossonno to attend mo pro fessionally at my uncle's. Implore him to coma to me ; but not in his own name, bo sure of that — not in his own name." Bobbing and crying, and wringing her hands in a terrible stato of perplexity, sho uttered those incoherent words, and then, but for his supporting aims, would have fallen to tho ground.' Dugazon folded her in his arms and pressed he head to his bosom. Mingling his toara with hers, ho silently and tenderly fondled licr fpr sorno minutes. Suddenly she brpko away from him with a piercing Bhfiok, and glancing round with wildly distended eyes, reeled and fell to tho ground. , As Dngazon was in tho uot of raising her, n loud voico orlod :— interview has lasted long enough 1" And looking up he Baw the outlawod fltfuuger, c "By what right, sir, do you say that?" asked Dugazon, fiercely. " It must suffico for you, sir, that I havo tho right and choose to exercise it," replied tho intruder with an air of earelcsB, sneering defiance, " It is ho I it is he !" murmured Minette, yielding to tho stranger's effort to take her from tho arms of Dugazon. The actor released the lady to seize her enemy. The stranger drew back and said warnincly : " Stay I — not a menace ; not even a gesture qf opposition to my will con I tolerate. Hero I am all powerful. Your life is at the mercy of a marksman who can hit a partridge on the wing and nover miss, and so is the life of Minette, Look !" Dugazon, seeing tiiat the stranger was armed with a strong stick, hastily broke oil a branch, and, with this as a weapon, approached his opponent. But as the word " Look" was uttered it was echoed by tho report of a gun and the bullet struck tho branch from liis - hand. Startled and astounded Dugazou cowered and drew back. The stranger laughed. "Well done," said lio, "let me see if I can aim as well." So saying he threw his purse in tho direc- tion lrum waiea tue sues nuu prueeeueu, lUKi then, bonding his stern eyes upou Dugazon, said mockingly, "You camo here to know something about me. I will toll you who and what I am. I am ono of tho wealthiest men in Franco, and here, as elsewhere, wealth is power. I buy all I want, and find all I want is sold for money. I have been imprisoned nnd I buy freedom. I havo been condemned to death aud I buy life. If you are in my way I can buy your death, and, if she betrays me, hers. If you value her existence or your own, be discreet. Adieu 1 When next you play Bernadillo at tho Oome- dio Franqaisc rcinombor this adventure, and be sure that I shall bo there to criticise you nnd applaud." With a smile that was full of Irony and scorn, lie half led, half carried Minetto away in tho direction of Banihros's house. M. Flcury says that his friend told him this strangely aud wildly improbable story Bome little time after the above event bud occurred, and confessed that although it haunted his mind mo3t persistently, he had sometimes a difficulty in believing that the entiro scene was not a nightmare dream bogotteu of an ill digested supper, and tlio remembrance in sleep of sorno romantically dramatic scene on the stage, which, when awake, he could not iden tify. But that difficulty whs always dissipated by the agonising conviction of its fatal reality, brooding over which somotime3 brought him to a Btste of mind bordering upon frenzy. On tlio morning of tho second day after liis interview in the' forest Dugazon received a ; letter from M. Baniiircs, saying that he and his wife wero groatlv alarmed by the illness of Mademoiselle Minotte, who had told them of a M. de Dossair, a very skilful doctor, of whom she had spoken to him. Tho letter conclndcd, " Can you prevail on him to come, or bring him here ?" Dugazon remembered how eager sho had been to see M. Lassonne, and concluded that ho was the doctor whom, under the naino of Dessair, Minotto desired to see. Ho wont to him at once and told him all. Tho doctor readily complied. "He was," says Fleury, "well known to all our theatrical colleagues, and was the ardent admirer of ono nf nnr fnvnnfcn n.fernfl«na-" Rut Dp. T.naqnnni denied all knowledge of oithor Minette or tho mysterious outlaw. Still he did not doubt Dagnzon's story, extraordinary as it scorned ; on the contrary, it awukonod his dceposb intc rest and curiosity. 11 I'll go to her this very day," said he, " but alone ; you must not accompany me — that might awaken suspicion. I will do all in my power to clear up this astonishing mystery. In the first place I must ace the doctor who has already beon in attendanco upon her— lie will make it appear thac I was Buuimoned by him for a consultation at the request of her fit inily. That will cast our friend, the mur derous millionaire, off tho secnt." Dugazon told Floury afterwards that daring this interview with tho doctor, despite his words, ho could uot shako off the impression that Dr. Lasonne knew more than ho pro fessed to know of the affair. That evening Dr. Lassonne carao to Dugazon in the green room of tho theatre and told him that he had Been his interesting patient and her doctor, but not the man of mystery. 11 He would naturally shun a stranger," said tho doctor; adding, " My design wns to order her change , of air, but she is too ill to be re moved with safety. Sho has something on her mind— something dreadful." Ono morning, whoo bleary had been Bnm- moned to Versailles on a matter of exciting interest, Dugazon called upon him also in a etate of great excitement. " Floury," said ho, " you must bo my con fidant. Dr. Ltssonne has requeued me to meet him at Banibres, and to bring with me some friend npon whose nerve and courage I can rely. Wo must go secretly and preservo a profound silouco, as discovory would endanger all our livos " Floury being unable to accompany him, Dugazon wout to the young actor Sa:nt Fa!, rondo him to somo extent his confidant also, got his consent, and carried him off there and thco at full speed in a cabriolet. Turning into tho Boulovard near the site of Fontaine, or ChAteau d'Kau, Dugazon rocog- uiaed with surptise tho carriage of Dr. Da's- Ronno coming towards him. As the vehicles met, somebody in the doctor's beckonod the actors, who, alighting, found that Homeono to be Dr. Lassonne dispuised past recognition. " Step into the carriage, Dugazon," said tho doctor ; " M. Saint Fal will oxcuso us. I want a few words with you privately." Saint Fal smllod, wished them gooil-byo. and was driven away. > The doctor, turning to the actor as they also roclo on, said : — " All la well, or soon will bo. It has ended moro happily than I dared venture to hopo it would. I havo overstepped my professional duties; but, as a truo man, I have done my duty. Minotte 1b saved. Society is delivered from a monster." Jloro he paused, and seemed perplexed. Presently ho resumed : "But you, ray poor Dugazon, must bo patieut. I have preserved your lovo, but not for you. Her heart is wholly yours— but sho bega that you will nover see her again — she' implores you not to write to her— sho dealer only to renounce tho world — stay !" For hero Dngazon rose, with a gesture of. impallunco as if to open tho carriage door and leap out. "Stay !— first hear all I have to say. Itor resolution is, you will presontly confess, a wiao one ; it has been well considered, nnd it is irrevocable. Besides, she is so ill that any fresh outburst of excitement would certainly be fatal. Wait ! — wait for a few days, and thou we will see what can bo done. I have moro to toll you when you reach my house," When the doctor was at home, and thoy were alono in his study, ho lockod the door and, speaking in a lew voice, said : " Three years ago I was visiting in tho South, and was ho deeply interested in the vestiges of ancient times, contained in the old town, that I rather ovorBtayed my time, and was about to hurry away, when I was detained by a modical friend, who asked my assistance tindor circumstances of a difficult kind. An atrocious murder of the most appalling nature had been committed. There was something frightfully peculiar in tho way in which the fatal wounds had been inflicted, aud, in their investigation, suspicions nroso which soemed to indicate the person and name of the tour derer, I felt it was my duty to suspend my departure, " The suspected person was arrested. You have Bonn him TTi» in mvafprinna ufrnnnqv . a rich, powerful nobleman, and a talented man. He belongs to one of tho most illustrious fami lies in Franco, a family even moro illustrious by virtues than by long descent. His wealth was immense, and he used it prodigally, but always for evil. This fiend was a curso to his neighborhood, a scourge spreading terror and desolation wherever he went, blotting out everything glorious in tho escutcheon of his noblo house, the greatest enemy to femalo modesty and chastity — one who had made his wealth a moral pestilence. It wns said, 'with I can't tell you how much shame, that only one family in the neighborhood of his resi dence remained happy and pure in defiance of all his sedactivo arts and all his power. In that family was on ouly daughter, a beauti ful young creature, of whom charms And virtues every ono spoke with enthusiasm. She was tho affianced bride of a happy young notary, a fine fellow, in every way her equal, honorable in his dealings, and noble in his as pirations—a good man. They were devotedly attached to each other. Her father filled an ofiioitu post at either Marseille.') or Toulon, I forget which — her name was Minetto. Sud denly, the father was dismissed from his post, and the marriage of his daughter was conse quently postponed. " One day, one of her companions said to hor : " 4 Why don't you apply to Monseigneur. I should. He has high iufiuenco,. and I feel sure he would exert it in your behalf.' " 4 I should ho afraid ; they say such dread- fal things of him,' replied Minette. - " 1 Yes,' was the reply ; 4 but tbey slander him. Has he ever spoken to you when you met him " No, Ho only bowed and passed on.' " ' There ; does that look as if all they say of him were true? Every country place must have its ghost or its ogro ; and one mustn't believe all ouo hears. Go to Monseigneur, and tell him of your distress aud trouble. If you don't liko to go alone, take me with you. I'm not afraid of htm,' " Minette hesitated, refused, and as time went on her parents grow more and more poor, till at last even the grim wolf Want threatened their threshold. And she loved nor betrothod so passionately that the prospect of their continued separation preyed upon her health. Her friend still urged her to appeal to their MonBeigneur, and at last, secretly, they went to him. Soon after her father received a fresh appointment, an excellent one. Bat Minette had no joy in the change, and she wai no longer eager to be married. Sho grew sickly and melancholy, and when tho lover who had been so precious to her pressed their union, ebe, to everybody's astonishment, rejected him ! The affair was talked of everywhere, and no one conld ac count for it. "Sho had accepted the yoke of an imperious master. Hor frequent visits to the chateau of Mon-seigneur began to be talked about ; they said she implicitly obeyed all his commands ; that somo horrible secrets had been imparted to her ; that she was branded ny a mark which made all who bore it tho slaves of Monseig neur for life. " In a secluded part of that ancient chateau, whioh Monseigneur inherited, he had fitted up in a stylo of luxuriant splendor, after an Eastern fashion, a spacious circular saloon. It had no windows, but wns lighted by day only from the roof, where a dom£ was filled with richly colored glass. A divan extended round its walls, and in its centre stood a vase, from which arose flames giving forth a delicious per fume. This was n teraplo of pleasure adorned with mirrors, and disgraceful pictures, and oc casionally a plaoo of torture." Tho doctor then proceeded to describe the torturo, by which the flesh of his fair victims was cruelly lacerated and their flesh branded In punishment for their refusal to obey his de grading commands, or their threatB to betray his infamous secrets. In the midst of it, Dugazon, unable to control himself, sprang up. " Give me his name, doctor, and lot me go," he shouted, worked up to a pitch of un governable fury, " I 'see, I understand now ; I know all — only give mo his name?" " That you will nover learn," said the doctor, resolutely. " Although ho still lives, you must be satisfied to khw that ho is no longer powerful for wrong doing. I askod you lo como with me and bring a strong resolute friend becaaso this man becomes when thwarted a furious maniac, and I thought force might bo requirod to control him and protect Minotte. M. Lenoir and a strong body of disguised polico surrounded tho house. But somebody had warned hitn. Ho escaped by climbing a puling, but fell, and was hurt bo much that ho could only crawl back into tho bonne. Thero ho asked Bainlroa and his wife to help him iuto tho bedroom of Minetto. Ho said ho must Bpeak to her. This I forbado them to do. lie made a desperate effort to do so unaided, just as tho lieutenant of police camo in with bis men, and into their chargo I gavo him as an escaped criminal. Ho is safe now, and will not again escape." Dugazon never knew the monster's name. Somo monthB after he received a letter from Minette, saying r.ho lmd eonght refuge In a Carmelite oonvont at Lyons, whoro aha was soon to take tho habit of St. Theresa and pro- nounpo hor vows. He nover baw hor again. 6u& 2s tho etrango!v romantic history told by M. Flqury as aotually truo in all Its details, nnd Incidentally referred to in other contem porary biographies and anecdotes connected with uio history of the Freuch stage.— tnafcy'# Alat/aziiic 