CHAPTER Lil. Through tho wood, through tho wood, follow and find me ; Search every hollow, and dingle, nod dull ; I Illaro not n print or a foo Ute |> behind ms ; So thoKo who would HO« mo must aook for mo well. Look in thu Illy boil-rulla tho rose Under the louves of tho violet peep : i Initlod by tho zephyr, In cradles Uko those, All tim day long you may look till you weep, -IUJ.LAD. The night lifter Carloy's interview with tho super- intendent of convicts had sot in dark and gloomy. Tho moon was down ; musses of driving clouds totally obscured th« stars, except when, hero and Micro, a solitary ono poepod out for a moment from between the folds, and then vanished again, as if abashed at its boldness. ; A rising wind, whioh had boon for somo time in- creasing in strength, now swept through tho streets with a moaning sound, that at times almost scorned like a human wait There was no rain, bat tho atmosphere grow more and moro murky, and seemed to hint that a timo was coming whioh would bo moro comfortably contemplated by a man from undor the shelter of a snug-waterproof roof, than when officiat- ing as a target for tho warring elemonts. Aa the hour was late, tho streets were genomlly deserted, but a solitary figure was moving along nt a stealthy paco, and evidently,using great caution in his advance. As he paused boforo a, houso whioh was mani- festly only partly finished, his figure was quito un- distinguishable from tho manner In which lt was wrapped up ; but tho voice, os ho remarked, in a low hoarso tono, 'This is the shop,' was unmistakably that of Thompson. ' Ho gave two low laps with his knuckles, not on the door, but on tho closed window shutter, paused a few seconds, and then tapped again, accompanying the last summons with tho word, pronounced in an under-tono, 1 Going.' ' What's going V askod a voice on tho other side of tho shutter, in tho sam* cautious key. .True boys,' replied Thompson, and tho nert moment a sound was heard ol' soma ono gontly un bai ring tho door. Its opening admitted tho now comer into a room which the light of a dark lantern turned upon him at his ontrance discovered to be of small dimensions, and totally destitute of furniture. Twolvo or four- teen men wera sitting or lying about upon tho floor, most of thom having a pipe stuok in tho corner of their mouths, and nil, as tho light streamed for a moment ovor thoir persons, having tho appearance of rnfHans fitted for any species of crime ' Aren't yon precious late, Thompson ?' said the voice of Hinger, as the former entered. ,'No; just tho right timo,' was tho roply j, ' tho dook struck two as I carno along. Thoy aro all deep in their first sleep, and we shall havo it our own way i almost timo-thoy'va had it theirs lone enough. Where's tho rest of you ]' ' Nobody's como, but us,' nnswored ona of tho com- pany. ? 1 Soaking it, I suppose,' muttered Thompson ; ' or couldn't get ont, perhaps. I thought my old master would novar havo gone to bed. I had half a mind to sottlo his hash for him boforo I eamo away, I have owed it to him this long, time-, but I thought it wouldn't fit, though my fingers was itching to do it.: Well, if our pals loso their ohanoo, it isn't our faults. Wo can't got ourselves booked for Norfolk Island for the sake of walting for thain. If my old grumbler, wns to wake up, and take it into his hoad to want me for anything, and find out that I had glvon him tho slip, he would havo tho whola placo alivo in ten minutes. So wo must Irastlo, lads. Wo have lots to do before daylight. Tho first plaoo^-' ' What's that ?' crlod ono of tho party, in a terrified tone. ' Only tho wind, yon fool I' growled Thompson. ' Did yon think it was your grandmother's ghost ? Tho first plaoo is to Harris, tho gunsmith's. Tom Williams, as is quartered tharo, will bo on tho watch to lot us in at thc signal ; and thora wo shall get soma arms, so as to bo nblo to show light, if wa want to. Tom says wo Bhall bo nblo to innko a good plant thora too ; for he knows tho old follow rocoivad a jolly lot of flimsies only yesterday ; and if that is as it ought to bo, and all keeps quiet, why. I'll toll you of another placo, whore wo can do somothing hand- some boforo wo sturt. But ono thing at a time. Aro you all ready 7' ' All ready V was tho gonoral answer. ' Opan tho door, then, Jack, and seo if tho coast is olear,' continued Thompson. 1 If it is lot us go out ono by one.' Tho door was opened accordingly, and tho man who did it poorod cautiously out. 'All right!' ho said, after a pauso, and stopped forward into tho darkness. Tlie ono nearest tho door had just followed after him, when ho heard tho volco of his companion sud- denly call out, ' Log it 1' and caught on indistinct glimpso of somo struggling figures in the obsourlty beyond. To spring back into tho houso was tho work of a inomont, but on attempting to rcolosu the door, he found that somothing had boon introduood into tho aperture, which pi evented it. Ho throw himself against it with all hts strength, but, at tho sumo in- stant, it was pushed violently from without, and voices woro heard exolaiming, 'Police I-Polioo I Open tho door or wo will shoot you 1' ' Lend a hand, hore, soma of you I' crlod tha nlmost oxhauBtcd millan, as ho felt tho door begin to give way in spite of his best olforts. Taroo or four athletic forms wore instantly thrown against it, and Thompson, catching up thc dark lantern, turned its light upon tho oponlng of tho door to discover what it wus that prevented its closing. I Tho action had nearly proved fatal to him ; for lt I disclosed tho outllna of lils body to the party without, : ono of whom immediately fired through the oponlng, ? with such prooision that tho ball struok tho ruffian's ' cap from his hoad. Tho movement, howevor, «ffeoted tho objoct in vlow, for lt rovoaled tho impediment in , tho sliapo of a policeman's boot, firmly plaocd against ! tho jamb. _[TO DB CONTINUED.] \- I have been cured of a cancerous sore on my loft sido by seven bottles of Bristol's Sarsaparilla, and five phials of the plUs. ' The Bore hod troubled me a fall year and half.-GEOBOE E. STONE, Ballarat, Victoria. 