-THE . BEPOBTED .STRIKE "At THE . " B e e w e n t -w o o l l e n m il l s ■trb the.turrou br^Tnu "riiSiAjjrAN‘"news. ■SiB,i-On ••petusing ^ o u r idcffintel last evening, I wafe rather®urpriBed‘rat>-thcaccount ‘given 0f .the Hstrilte^tAt the Derweqt.iMJUB roa . M o iid ^/ Hut. .^Afl your ^olumna *are“®ver 'npen-to* defending the weak, I,aa an -uninterested onlook'erY'irit justice to'BtPangOMhnaforeign land, wish to give you and the public a.true version of the case. In th e first place, there are five wearers employeddn the woollen piill three Scotch and «twoi .Tasmanians, or rather, if I believe rightly, two German women. The latter, after a great deal of time and patience spent on them by the former, being passable weavers', found th&t; Johnstone Bros, were lowering tbeir wages. They predeterm ined to haveaproper agreement in writing.of what wages they really^ were to have. Alter % -dehf of1 eircumlo-^ cution, the firm gave one, and the weavers finding they could not lire on such pny^4 determined to seek employment elsewhere, . and the three Scotch girls sought and oil-" tamed work on the same day as . domestic servants. In the meantime, ibe two Ger­ mans returned to Johnstone ftroB. employ on the same terms,Jfio that yoiT-fico by this there was no one applied for higher wages, nor was anyone discharged. I do notknow what sort of weaVers the colonial girls may make, they may make better than the English, but one thing I do know, it will take a long time to make a German girl as good a weaver as a Scotch one. Trusting you will kindly in sert this in justice to friendless straagerb, fyou- will oblige.— Yours, etc., TRUTH WILL PREVAIL. R estitution.—Sixteen or seven years ago a robbery of jewellery took placcjn the Camp Hotcl/M iltoh, v f which M r F. Julius was the then proprietor. No trace whatever could bo-discovered as to-the perpetrators of bko theft, and no suspicion could beattaclicd to any person ednnectod with the establishment. • The incident' (remarks tho Rvu.cc Jlerafti) has for many years dropped out of the memory of tho Milton, residents. M r Julius's astonishment can be easily imagined when a le w days ago he received a parcel of jewellery from Sydney, accompanied by an unsigned letter, with au enclosure of £5 10s, The jewellery proved to bo that which was stolen so long ago, nd tho letter explained that tbe cash was to cove^tlie value of any portions which ight be''found missiug. T he.w riter xpressed regret that owing to ^diremfi-* tances beyond, control, restitution could ot be made* before. In Sarah Bernhardt's version of " Macbeth,” as arranged by M. Richepin, tbo ghost of “ -Banquo” is introduced by means of a circularttrap behind the table through which the spectre rises and disappears." ** Sir,” said a new chum to a lawyer who was passing hi6 door, “ will you tell me if this is a good ten-shilling piece?” The lawyer pronouncing the piece good, deposited itdniiis waistcoat pocket, iadding with grefi.t gravity, " I f you’ll let your lad ruu round to my office, I ’ll send you 'back tlie 3s 4d chaugo.” Mr Dewliui-st, of Preston, and collieiy proprietor of Wigan, lias given L500 towards a fund for the establishment of-a bonrdiug school for tho blind of North Lancashire, Over Ll,000. Jiave been subscribed. The trustees of the L300,000deft for tlie benefit of the blind in tbe United Kingdom by Mr Gardner, of London, arc ~iviug generous assiB lancc. 