THE MERCpítfl. MONDAY MORLING, MARCH 10, ish. 1 -.- .1 I . Tub railway question has not attracted much 'attention of lato, although the uitcrost in it may bo said to bo un- abated, because the public fools assured thai tho work is proceeding ina satis- factory manner. Wo stated some timo ago that Mr. Fincham, Enginoor-in-Oni|f, had'boon instructed'to' provide for-his oflico work, and devoto all his timo to' tho making'of surveys' 'necessary for'tho carrying out ' of' ' tho' railway-works authorised by Parliament last session. This he has dono as far as tho moans ¡at his i command would allow. ' From the inquiries that wo havo made in regard to this j impurtant matter, wo learn that the Enginoor-in-Chioi ; has ex- perienced many difficulties in making the arrangements necessary to carry out tho work as fast as ho desires, it being, of courso, nt the Eamo time thoroughly done. The difficulty lias arisen from the want of a sufficient supply of competent ,engineers. In the other Colonies large engineering stuffs have boen got together, and, naturally, the mombora of thom1 cannot bo induced to leave their regular omploymont, so that Tasmania has to put up with-thoso who aro partially employed, or the few who aro out of omploymont. It is, howovor, not difficult to obtain applications in answer to adver- tisements, and applications supported by formidable arrays of testimonials. But, it is found that out of tho numbers who apply only a few aro suitablo.for tho work, for reasons of various' kinds, as there isJomploymont for good and trustworthy engineers in nil the Colonies at the present time. Correspondence has, wo learn, been opened up with engineers in Ne-v Zealand and South Australia, and it is hoped that within a comparatively short time as many will bo engaged as will enable the work to bo carried on as rapidly as may bo deemod'to bo desirable. The omeo staff has already boen so organised as to leave Mr. Fincham freo to go on with tho out-door part of the work. To this end, the services of Messrs. Edwards 'and McOormiok, of Melbourne, have been secured, and the former has already commenced his office duties, whilst the latter is engaged on the survey of the Scottsdale line. Th'oy will be occupied in preparing railway plans and contracts at a fixed scale of charges, after the method in force in Victoria, and as tho two gentlemen named have had a great deal of experience, they will, no doubt, Boon get the work into proper train. They will also bo engaged in the preparation of drawings for bridges, stations, otc, and, generally, in all the work that is required before calling for tenders for tho making of the lines. To this we may add the fact announced by us the fother "doyi 'that the debentures for the £800,000 loan are now in course of signature, and will be, proba- bly, afljready for transmission to London before many days. Such-information as may be 'deemed to bo necessary for' tho guidance of the Ministry in placing the loan on the market is'being obtained, so that tho whole of the work necessary for the carrying out of the railway policy is going on as rapidly as possibles although not much! has been heard of I the business of late. Wo feel sure that this announcement will afford great satisfaction to the public, as the desire for railways is as 'keen as ever, and no Ministry is at all likely to obtain public support, whick allowed any lukewarmness in the carryreg out of the authorised works. As far as we are able to judge) all that is posaiMo.in the circumstances has been 'done, and ! the work ought to now go on at » rate and in a manner which will leave "Ettie or no room for ad- verse criticism, i ' ? ..... -..V.WM- , ( Wo may ^ov^. say a few words' as to what is being dono in regard to the several lines, concerning which we "have been able to obtain Borne ' information. As we have stated", . Mr. McCobmick r> engaged in superintending- the swvoy of the Scottsdale line,, and a» he is highly rocommonded by the Government engineers in Victoria, wo-may take it for granted that the work will be thoroughly well done. There are three survey partie» at work under Mr. McCohmick's supervision, who aro all pushing on their surveys as rapidly as the maturo of tho country will permit. Ano- ther engineor is expected to arrive from Melbourne in the course of a few days, and on his arrival a fourth party will be organised to carry on the survey of this important line. The work of the survey of the Fingal line has been entrusted to Mr. J. C. Climie, who is already at work, and who is boing assisted by Mr. F. Climie, under whom a second survey party will be shortly formed. It is in- tended to organize a third party before long, bo that the work will bo carried on rapidly, as tho country through which the lino is intended to pass does not present any great difficulties. Wo leam, also, that it ia-vintendod to survey the Jino^proposod. in tho original survoy of Mr. Fincham, namoly, from Killymojn to St. Mary's, bo as to get as ueajr na pouiblo to the sitoa of > thoTsup poíóel coal' mines, The,Dorwent>Valloy linoiiboingsurvoyodby^r^AvltfAyjMyifid j)arjy,_and is. oxpoctod to bo completo in about four months. It soohib that tho work on this' lino'is very hoivyVns thoro aro a largo number of cross levels re- quired, and the ground is vory muoh brokon. Ho wovor, if tho survoy can be completed in tho time atatoil, tho work must bo going on with commondablo rapidity. Tho working survoys of tho Oatlands and Parattah lino aro ooniploto, nioasuromonts aro being propared, and tho altornativo Uno nt Oatlands terminus is bo;ng sur voyod. AVÔ understand that tondara for tho construction of this short Uno will bo called for in tho courso of a week or two. In anothor part of the pap« will bo found a detailed account of tho rolling stock, etc., it has boon doomed necessary to ordor, so asto havo it in readiness for the now lines as thoy are constructed. Briefly, wo may say that the ordor which will bo immodiatoly Bent' homo will compriso eight locomotivos and ono tank locomo- tive, 12 oarrisgoB, sovon brake vans, and a large'number of goods, timbor. «hoop, and othor trucks. Thore will, of courso, bo a supply of turn , ,tablo8, pumpa vans) otc, besides duplicates esti- mated to oost £3,000. Besides those, there will bo ordorod 0,000 tona of'rails,'and fastenings, which will bo, all' oí stool, ¡of tho best quality. The roils^for tho Scotts- dale line will weigh 501b. por yard, whilst thoso for tho othbr'lines will woigh 401b. Drawings and dotails for those have already boen proparod| and tho ordorSvill bo dispatched, probably, by > the outgoing mail. On the Parattah and Oatlands lino roils nnd chairs from tlio^Mèrsoy and "De- loraine Tramway will boused, ,wo under- stand, as it is thought that onough good material can bo found to answer the pur- pose Wo may add that tho first ship- ment of rails to Formby is now almost discharged. 'Fixed plant íb also to bo ordered for Launceston, consisting of tra volling-crano, steam-hammer, wood squaring j machino and smiths'* forges. CFo» the j Mersoy oxtension,1 now in courso of construction, thcrolling-stocklia being mado, as tenders woro accepted samo time ago. Wo givo full particulars of the stock olsowhoro, but wo may aay Ihâfîthe Kumborof Éàrriagos, locomotives, and trucks is 81, which. ough> to bo suffi oient to fully equip this line. From what wo havo said/ it will be soon that tile work of railway making and cquipmont is going on rapidly nnd stoadily, and th* I lit will not bo very long boforo thoCmatry will reap the advantugo of the policy ol progross which has boon decided upon, as wo boliovo, very wisoly by the Logisla turo. _' ! j ? ?' " 1 Tue elections aro now beginning to attract more attention, mainly, we supposo, bccauBO thcro aro signs of opposition from .various quarters, and also because tho nominations close to day. Tho Returning Officer for Queenborough Ima only published tho official notice of tho placo where nominations will bo roceived on the last day on whioh they can bo made, which is, certainly, a neglect of a propor performance of an important duty which should not bo allowed to occur again. With regard to the oleotion for Buckingham, tho many rumours that havo been current during the last week havo hardened into something definite at last, and it now appears that Mr. Josoph Solomon has had his courage screwed up to tho Opposition point Most persons will, wo 'should think, wonder very muoh at the appearance of Buch an opponont to Mr. P. 0. Fysh in tho field, and, Uko ^tho flics in amber, thero will bo much specula- tion as to how the devil ho got thero. For, Mr. Solomon has not only no qualifications to narrant him coming forward on this or any other occasion, but he is positively disqua- lified by his doings in connection with tho election ' for Huon, through which ho was forced to retiro from a position gained by discreditable means._No ono has o\cr heard of Mr. Solomon doing anything for anybody but himself. Ho has not helped in any J public action, or contributed to the further ance of /any good public causo. Ho is simply nothing and nobody. Cortainly, if tho electors aro desirous of malani? the Legislative Council a mockery, a delusion and a-snare, they will sup- port Mr, Solomon, bat not otherwise, and, as wo may assumo that they have no such intention, wo are of opinion that ho may count upon about as ignominious 'a defeat5 as any candidate has suffered for a long time., Mr. P. 0. Fysh is admitted to bo well qualified for tho position to which ho aspires. Ho_ has shown already what ho is capable of in many important public positions, and he may fairly ask the electors to regard his past actions as a guaranty of his future. Wo. regard tho election for Buckingham as already decided. Tho other elections, for^West^Hobart and Queenborough, have given rise to a great many rumours of a more or less curious and surprising character, and, so farf it is hardly possible to--say what-nominations-will:bo mado to-day. We do not think that there "will bo any opposition to tho~roturn~of Dr. Crowther' for Queenborough, although some attempts have been made to get another candidate into the field, Matters, however, seem! to be moro complil cated hi West Hobart. Mr. Burgess appears to have, somehow, mado encmios, and the constituency is thought to be ono which offers a 'field for untried and ¿aspiring politicians'. Woj repeat, our previously ex- pressed opinion, that opposition to members unseated by a puro accident,hi,both un- generous and sure to bo unsuccssf uT, as many electors who. do not admiro all their doings havo decided'to votofortliom on this occasion.1 It is felt that th|oy ought to bo retnrncd to their places, and it may be said to be- decided that they will bo returned. It is probable,' however, that some ambitious aspirant to fame, who measures his prospects by his desire,and not by his qualification for a s«at, will rush into, tho field, in the fond but futile hope that he may succeed in winning over the electors by Ravish profession. Tho ungraciousness* of the opposition will ensure the defeat of tho opposing candidate, who, liko so many] ether folks, will be wise aftei the event, i |_j_ i RüTonrr op-Htb Excellency and Pabty.-i Contrary to expectation' H.M.S. Nelson re turned to port at 2-5 p.m. on Saturday last, with His Excellency and party, who had gone down the river the previous day m the warship as far as Half-Moon Bay, it being understood that tho Nelson's steam launch would convey the vico- rcgal party back. As His Excellency was leaving the Nelson that vessel fired a vice-regal salute. She sailed again for Sydnoy at 2'55 p.m. Cable News.-The resumption of cable communication with Europe has brought messages which have been detained for some days, past > Tho news from Egypt is not of much importance. Thoro has been no further engagement between the British forces and the insurgents, and from present indications is there any serious likelihood of fighting. In the House of Commons the Marquis of Hartington has stated that General Graham has perfect liberty of action as to attacking Osman Digna, tho leader of tho rebels. It has also been stated in tho samo placo that tho relief of tho Kassala garrison is not intended, and Colonel Stanloy, who was Minister of War lindel- the Beaconsfield administration, lins given notico of. motion for ^atoppngo of war supplies unless'tho Egyptian »alley of tho Gladstono GovernmentIsflilly explained., Evidently the' war question (n tho Houioi is still^ a,subject .of differing opiuione' and dividod counsels. ^In tlio , ficjd . tho movements'" of tlioVBritish-' troops appear to bo uncertain, if nets erratic. From Olio 80lirco wa learn that General Gtalmtn threatens to ottaclTthe insurgent force undor Osman Digna, unless it disperses, tho leader of tho insurgents 'still showing a bollicoso attitude. From anothcrsourcocomcs the news that tho British forces aro concentrating 911 Suakin, and their movemonts thouco aro un- certain. Yet another massage B»ys thoy aro concentrating for embarkation aboard trans- porta at, Triukitat, but their destination is unknown. Admiral Howitt, it Ufsaid, will mako a ¡special expedition to Abyssinia, tho chief intent of which 'is sup- posed' to bo the declaring 'of' Mas uowah a freo port. Massowah is situated on a small island oil tho Abyssinian coast, and earrios on an nctivo trado with Arabia, East Africa, and Lidia, From Cairo nowB comes that ElMahdi'sfolloworshavomotwith defeat at tho hands of somo local tribes uoar lUObeid, who havo riBon against thom. From tho same sourco thero also comes intimation that tho first battalion of the 35th Foot havo received orders to march from Cairo to Siotit, a placo about half way botween Cairo and Assouan, and tho entrepôt of trado with Darfur and tho terminus of tho Nilo railroad. Tho ox plosion aboard the Abeidcen in tho EngliBh Channel, tho causo of which has not yet transpired, has resulted in tho death of tho, captain and chief officer, in addition to in- juries inflicted on tho pilot, and several of tho crow. The result of correspondence between thoFronohand English Governments on, tho, question of transportation of convicta to Now Caledonia is published. It leaves the question as yet unsettlod. A final report of the commlttco appointed ' to do'al with the Pacific labour - trado embodies, as The Times i assorts, a more mako-shtft schemo, and is not at all likely to satisfy tho Australian colonies most nearly interested in tho question. Lord Rosy isBaid tobo likely to yet | accent the Governorship, of,, Victoria, which, when first offorcd him, ho positively declined. The Americans suspected of com Elicity in tho recout dynamite outrages in london have escaped to Franco, whare active efforts aro beingmado to capture them. Tho County Franchise Bill finds 'littlo favour with tho Opposition in tho llousofof Commons, tho desiro being that it shall only pass concurrently with a measuro for the redistribution ' of scats. A large influx 'oí gold from North America has been received at tho" Bank of Eng- land, thus compensating in material dogrco for the heavy amounts of late sent to Aus- tralia. Tho, Bank of Australasia has, de- clared the satisfactory, dividoud ot 14 per cent, for the past year, and carries forward a substantial amount to the rosorve fund, ,1'ho Gorman Ruichstag lins opened,'aud tho speech from thothrono,gave 'marked expression to thowish ot tho empire to maintain hereditary friendship' with neighbouring powers. ' The Crete difficiilty has boon' sottlod by the removal- ¡of the ' obnoxious Mussulman rulor sent thcroi by itho Porto. In Jcddah tho Bedouin tribes havo thrown off allegiance to Turkoy, and soma trouble thoro is likely to onsue before quietness again reigns. The London wool mai net has becomo "languid and prices arc declining. Tin was, at latest quotations, worth £82 ,10s. The Dutch auctions for Bauca commenced on the 27th instant. ' ' - i The Mails per s s. Pateena. -A special tiain loft Launceston for Hobart at- noon yestorday, bringing tho intercolonial mails and passongorB which had arrived por sjb Pateena. .Tho mails will bo dolivorod from tho G.P.O. thisjnorning. ' TtLEOiupino Restoration.-Communica- tion on tho Port Darwin lino was restored on Saturday last, ,¡ ¡ , , i Telegraphic-The following was ro¡ celv'cd at tho local -telegraph office from South Australia on Satin day last:-"Lon- don advises, tho best routo for Amorican telegrams is via Valentia, but tho routo lis optional to tho sonder." ' Third Telegraph Line to Launceston. -Tho want of greater facilities for tele- graphy boon Hobart and Launceston has been folt for a long tiino, and a fow months Binco tho Government concluded arrange- ments w ith Mr. C H. Grant for a now lino to ha constructed along tho route of tho Main Lino Railway. All tho old poles aro to bo replaced by new and much larger ones, and the company'sold wiro and thoGovcrnmcnt's now wiro aro both to run on the now poles. .Tho work is to bo dono conjointly, tho com- pany iupplying a portion of th« poles, and conveying them ana all other material along the lino freo of charge, whilo tho Govern- ment supplies tho labour and supervision. The now wire, which [is to go diieot from Hobart to Launceston, is an extra heavy one, becauso it is intended to work theduplox | system on it, messagesbolngsantand received at each end simultaneously, and passing each other on what is called a loop. Thcro aro at present l8 mon employed on tho work, under the direction of Mr, R. A. Dargavillo, who recently put up the now telegraph lino from Bischoff to tho West Coast. Tho erec- tion of new poles is icomplotcd as far is Oatlands, and tile new w iro is up as far as Bridgewater. Mr. Henry, the Suporintcn dent of Telegraphs, and Mr. Fahey, tho Inspector, pay occasional visits to tho work, to maka suro that the construction of tho new Uno is of a thoroughly substantial character I Buckingham Election.-Tho,poriod fixed for receiving nominations to fill the vacany for Buckingham iu tho Legislative Council doses to-day. All nominations must bo de- posited in writing with tho returning officer at the Council- ohambers, Glenorchy, boforo'4 o'clock p.m. Nothing now can bo reported with regard to tho election, and up to tlio present Messrs. Fysh and Solomon are tho only candidates. Tho supporters of tlio latter were very busily engaged in canvassing on Saturday, but Mr. Fysh scams to bo taking things quietly. Mr. Solomon's ad- dress appears In our advertising columns. ! West Hobart and Queenborough_ Nominations for thoso elections close to day. Those for West Hobart will bo roscivod by tho returning officer at the Town Hall up to 4 p.m. Nominations for Quecnborough-will bo received by tho returning officer at th'o police office, Sandy Bay, up till tho same hour. In the event of an election iu'thp latter constituency/ a poll will bo taken on Saturday 1 next,at) the following places: Kingston police 1 office, River View Inn (Brown b River-road) ; Sandy Bay Public School, Coscado-road ; and Public Buildings', Hobart, A requisition was being prepared on Saturday night, asking Mr. J. T. Gelli- brand to contest WcBt Hobart against Mr'. Burgess, but Mr. Gellibrand has made no Blgn., It is .holievcdj however, that ho will contest the election if he receives sufficient inducement to do so. Dr. Crowther remains unchallenged, and will, according to pre. sont appearances, be returned for Queen' borouch unonnoscd. < ! DEATH OF ANOTHER OLD COLONIST. - The mother of the well-known Captain Richard Copping, expired at the residence of her son, Rochford Hall, Coppington, on Friday last, reaching, within a couplE of years, the agE of a centenarian. Although 98 years old Mrs. Copping's memory never failed her; and she retained her senses till the last. In early life she was in the household of the late Sir Gcorgo Arthur, whilst Governor of Tasmania, from 1824 to 1836, and en- joyed his confidence and that of his family to the latest date. Captain Richard Copping, whose last command was the Lufra, was her eldest son, Mr. John Copping the second, Captain Edward Copping the third, Mr. George Copping the fourth, and Mr. Patrick Copping the fiith. All her sons, except Captain Edward, who died in New Zealand, but was buried in Tasmania, survive their mother, who died a widow, and all reside on the family estate at Coppington, Sorell, of which Captain Richard is the owner and founder. The oldest in- habitants are, one after another, passing away. Mrs. Copping will be buried to day. The Lath Rkscuk mow Dbowwno.-Mr. Nicholson, who, besides presenting Mr. J, H. Wiso with a gold Maltese cross, also sought to obtain for him the Royal Humane Society's medal for his bravery, has just re- ceived a reply from the Premier, who says, " The society somo time since announced its intention not to mako any more awards for acts of bravery performed in the Australian colonies, a society having the same objects being formed in Victoria." Although un- successful, Mr. Nicholson has done all he could to secure for his rescuer, Mr. J. II. Wise, a distinction which it appears Is no longer to be conferred on Australians by tho Royal Humane Society of England. No doubt, if application wero made to tho Aus- tralian society, tho circumstances of the caso would havo favourable consideration. " Tub Caiu'í.t S.vakk "-A lecture under this titlo was dellvorod at tho Exhibition building yesterday afternoon by Dr. II. licnjafiold. There was a largo attendance, and tho locturo proved both interesting and instructivo. Drink was tho carpet snako, and the speaker endeavoured to show by what insidious means it worked its way into the homes and lives of men. Tho leo turo was intersporsed by a number of hymns ' sung by a apeoial choir. I , J PniNOR ok Walks' Marihaoic Day.-To- day is tho 21st annivorsay of the marriage of tho l'rinco of Wales to tho Princess Alexandra, As already announced, it will not ho obsorved as a general holiday, but a largo number of merchants and irados pcoplo havo announced that thoy will close their establishments. Particulars of the Port Esporanco regatta, the Soroll races, mid an excursion to Now Norfolk, which will Uko place to-(Uy, will bo found olsowhoro. St. Patrick's Day.-It has boen decided that tho abovo anniversary will bo colobratod in Hobart this year by a banquet, instead oi tho usual 'aUilttio",Bnö"rla, _ ,Thó" spread will t-vko placo oh " Moudäjf'ovoiiing next, at lloaUioru's C<\fe. , *" " , SoiiKLL Races.-As already announcod thoso races tnko placo ' to-day, atidUwith favourable weather-appearances, aro sure to attract a goodly number of townspeople, besidos proving tho annual Outing for real dents of tho district. ' Tho first event will lib started at 1, o'clock, and at intervals of half au hour the six succeeding ¡toms will bo called on for decision; Messrs. Cooloy, Job. Tyler, and Wobstor advertise that eon' voyancoB are, available, starling from Bcllorivo upon,the arrival of the ferry Btoamors. The steamer Kangaroo loaves tho -wharf for Belkrivo at 8, O'.'iO, and 11 a.m.1 . Pout Esperance Regatta.-Tho annual rogatta will bo hold at Port Esporanco to- day. It will bo tinder tho patronago of tho Hon. Ni J- Brown, and the mombors for tho district, and is expected to be a greater suc- cess oven than its predecessors, which havo always been among tho most enjoyablo out- ings of the year. .Tlios.B. Huon will loayo Victoria at 7 a.m. for tho, regatta, calling at the intermediate ports, and returning this eveniug, whilst tho s.s/Minx will convey Îassengcra from Port' Cygnet, and tlio s.s. 'earl from Southport. Tho s.b Wakefield is announcod to leave Hobart for the regatta at 9 a.m., if sho arrives in port from Mac- quarie Harbour in time. ¡ Up to a lato hour last night, howovor,tho vessol had not boen seen in the'Channel, \tnd nothing was known as to lier whcrcabouts.r'It is therefore feared that abo will not arrivo in timo to bo das] pntchod, but should sho como in two hours or moro before tho hour of starting shot-will be sent away.1 An endeavour was mado to complete > arrangements for the despatch of another steamer m the event of the Wake- field not arriving, but without suacoss. , i,Tamar Regatta.-An announcement ap- pears in our advertising columns concerning the closing of entries for this regatta, on tlio 13th inst. It is also notified that Southern compotitorB may ,obtiin orders for loturn tickets at singló fares from the lion, Boora tary to tho Darwent Rowing Club. , Bellerive , Regatta.-A mooting was held on Saturday ovening last at tho Belle- rive Hotel, ?> Prosont: Messrs. W. Benson (vice-chairman)) R. Dawson, 0. Graves, W. Pedder, V. Propsting, A. Morrisby, T. Dawson, and G. E. Propsting (lion, soo.) 'It was .reported by the secretary that His Excellonoy,'had consented to becomo patio'i of tho regatta. After various itomB brought beforo tho committee had boon disposed of, it was decided that tim prize given for sail- ing vessels used for purposes of trado should .bo for.Bailing vessels and boats usad for purposes of trado, not excocding 20 tons, fishing boats oxcoptcd, coursa as in raco for Booonu-olass yachts. Tho meeting then adjourned till 8 p.m. on Wednesday ovening next, _"-' ' - ' , Excursion to New Norfolk-Tho p b. Monarch yrill make one of hor oxcursions up tho river to-day, leaving "Franklin Wharf at 9 a.m., and roturning from Now Norfolk at 3-30 p ni. I Running. Match.-Tho milo raco in tho garrison sports, hold on tho 1st inst, in which a protest was entered; was decided on Saturday evening,' when the race was run over again on tho lower cricket ground. Out of about 20 original competitors, tho com- mittee docidod that the first four mon should competo for the prizes. Of these only thrco put in an appcaranco, and ofterf a closo and exciting raco, thoy carne in as follows : Rosondtt'o, 1 ; Absalom, 2 ; Whiteombo, 3. Absolom'had a handicap of 10yds., and Whitcombe,' 30yds.; Rosendale winning by abouti 3yds. For tho throa-logged racu, in 'which the third priro had hean disputed, only .Evans and Walter put in an appcar- anco, and they wore therefore awarded the prize. Sergeant J. Cuthbert acted ns starter and Sergeant Forsyth as judge. ; Shooting.-A series of shooting matches Ils announced to take place at tho Pembroke Inn, Sorell, this morning, commencing at half-past 10 o'clock. i Concert.-A concert will bo given this evening at All Saints' Bchoolroom, Mac qttario-Btrcot, in aid of tho purchase of now books for the. All Saints' library. i Bao dad CoNauEOATiOHAi. Culmen.-Tho annual, gathering in connection with this CuurCh wi!l take place to-day. An after- noon sorvico will be held at 2-30 o'clock, whon a sermon will bo preached by tho Rev. Geo. Clarke At 4-30 p.m., a tea mooting will bo hold,1 and will bo followed by tho usual public meeting. Ordination Sprvioe.-An ordination sor- vico was hold at St. David's Cathedral yes- terday morning. Tho service commenced at 11 o'olook by tho singing ot tho processional hymn "Onward Christian Soldiers." Tbo ordination sermon was then preached by the Rev. J. B. W. Woollnough, tho text being ii. Tim., 1. 13, 14, "Hold fast tho form M sound words, which thou host heard of Mo, in faith and love w Inch is in Christ Jesus. That good thing which was committed unto theo koop by the Holy Ghost which dwollr.tli in tis." Dividing tho subject into two parts, the rev. gentleman spoke, first of all, about tho dependence of tho clorgy upon tho co- operation and prayers of laymen, and, secondly, addressed tho candidatos on their difficulties, responsibilities, and privileges as priests in the Catholic church. Ho coun- selled thom to recollect that thoy wero repre- sentatives of the church, and not tho church itself, and exhorted thom to always treat with tandarnoilH tim ennncipnoca of tlinir ron grcgations. Aftor tlio sermon, the Right Rav \- -Dr, Sandford," Bishop of Tasmania, admitted to deacon's orders, Mr. James S. Babington, lay reader at Port. Cygnotj and Mr, H. Hcinoken-Marton, lay reader at Glenorchy, and ordained the Rev. Leigh Tarleton, oi Hamilton, and the Rev.-A. Martin, of Holy Trinity Church,, Hobart, priests. The Bishop, in performing the ceremony, wak assisted by Archdeacon Davenport, Dean Bromby, Canon Bailey, Canon Mason, Rev;. J. B. W. Woolnough, and the Rev. 4 Bourdillon. The Rev. J. C. Whall intoned tho Litany, and also (acting for tho Bishop) tho Vent Creator. The other special hymns sung on tho occasion wero,' 'I Christ is gone up," and "Oh Thou who makest souls to Bliino." L is' j St. David's Club.-Tho first annual meeting of St. David's Club was hold in the clubroora, Victoria-street, on Friday evening last, [7th inst, the Rev. J. C. Mace, vice présidant, in the chair. -The president (the .Very (Rev. Dean 1. Bromby), wob unable to attend on account of other important busi- ness. At tho. conclusion of tho routino business,, tho secretary; read the,annual re. port, which* was in every way satisfactory! The treasurer-thon read tho balance sheot which showed a good balance on the right sldej Messrs. C.'Lum'sdc'n and G. Whitting- ton were rc-olcctcd lion, secretary and hon.' treasurer rcspectively-for tho ensuing year.' Tho council, consisting of tho following members, -was thon elected: - Rev. J; Wilson, Morara. G. T. Scott, J. Kalbfell,* W. McMinn, M. Ejlvvards, and C. Watson.; The club is to ha congratulated upon tho' rapid progress mado in ao short a time, and it is hoped that.oro long it will becemo one of tho leading Church Societies in Tasmania j Jerusalem Church.-Tho now Church of England at Jerusalem will bo oponod and consecrated by tho Bishop of Tasmania on Thursday next at 11 a.m. Luncheon will bo provided for visitors, and single fare by train issued for tho roturn journey to Jeru- salem, 1 LoNuoN Missionary Society.-A courBo of services will be commenced in Hobart ou Wednesday evening, in conncctiou with the visit of Miss Bliss, of Madagascar, and the Rev. J. E. Newell, of Samoa. On that evening a welcome meeting will bo hold in Min T7ntnn Phnnnl nf 7-10 n'olnflr Presentation to the Rev. J. C. Mace. -Yesterday evening, at the conclusion of the service at St. David's Chapcl-of-caao, Campbell-strcot, tho Rov. J. C. Maco, who has officiated thero moro than six years, was mado the recipient of a handsomo "Alli- ance" travailing writing desk, accompanied by an address, wishing him, Mrs. Maco, and family a pleasant voyago and cnjoyablo holiday, and a safe return to Hobart, and expressing tho hopo that the rev. gentleman would bo spared many years to continue his labours, which had boon so much uppro ciatcd. The presentation was mado, on bo half of tho congregation, by Mr. J. Smith. The Rev. J. C. Muco suitably acknowledged his friends' kindness, and said ho honed that, on lils return to Hobart, he would find tho now chapel completed, and that ho would bo permitted to conduot the sorvices there. It may be addad that the erection of tho now chapel, at mi estimated cost of £1,700 or £1,800, will probably bo com- menced in about three months. Tho funds in hand already amount to £1,200. Accom- modation will bo provided for 200 wor- shippers in the chapel, attached to which thero will bo a vestry, which will bo sub- stantially constructed of red brick, will have a very neat appearance. ty. , i- u Volunteers Parap«.-Both branohos of tho Volunteer Force will hold parade» this ovening. The Rlilu Rogimont will nssomblo at the lUrraeks, nt7'30 o'clock, for impor* taut husttien«. Tho Artillery Corps will mool at lim Queen's Battery at 2'30 o'olook sharp, for shol and aholl praatlco. Members absent without leave from this parada ara liable to bo fined, unless they send a satis- factory excuso. Should tho weather prove iinfnvourablo a black ball will bo hoisted at the Town Hull at noon. ,,, City l'oi.ioi: Court.-Tho Bonah -at the City Police Court on Saturday was occupied by Mr. James Young, J.P. 'Bartholomew Scully, charged with having boon drunk nml inoapablo in lluriington-streot, was fined 5b., with the alternative of bovoh days' im pilsouiucut. Suumol Moss, a bricklayer, waa accused of having stolon, on tho 17th,|a pair of lionsera and vest from thu shop of Messrs. Hoad and Plowman, Murray-Btroot. Detective Delaney appllod for a remand until Wednesday, which was granted. Elizabeth Muir pleaded guilty to having been drunk mid disoidorly in Murray-Btroot, and was fined Cs., tho option being seven days' ¡nipilsonmcnt. Arthur Muoluin, for using obsceno langiiago in Campbell-street on the 7th inst., was ordered to pay 20a., or go to prison for 14 days. Revision pouivr,'-An adjourned spocial G onera 1 Sessions was hold at tho Now Town publia soliaol last Saturday, to ravisa the electoral roll for tho district of Buckingham.' Tho justices present wera Mr. Win. Murray, who presided, Colonel Bernard, Messrs. G. A. Waller, S. P. U. Wright, and Jamos Young. In conjunction with tho roturiibig officer (Mr. Charles Ball), tho magistrates went carefully through thu roll, fiom willah several names wer« expunged, whilst others woro insortcd. In tho conrso of tho pro- ceedings, tho roturiihig officer directed their, worships' attention lo tho fact that tho qualification of many of those whoso names Woroon tho roll was metoly stated tobo that thoy woro trustees of certain proportios, and ho also pointed out that in nomo in- stances two or throo, and sometimos even four, trustees wcro on tho roll as entitled te voto in respect of the same property. Bo contended that this was illoyal, 1 and that tho Biibjcct, which waa of grabt ] importance, because tho question affaolad tho olectoral rolla throughout tho colony, should lecuive consideration from tho law ofilcors of the Crown.' But, as' tho electoral roll for the Buckingham dlstriat would probably not liavo to ho appaalad to tills year, hu thought that, as rogarded tho names of trustees on that roll, tho matter might bo allowed to stand over for tho present. Mr. Waller mentioned tho caso of a monastery inj Iroland, in which tho property was vested ¿n tho names of all tho ihoukb, of whom there vvero so many that tho vnluo of tho proporty was not sufficient to qualify thom all to vota,1 Mr. Ball : You lmvo only to start a monas- tery hory, thon, to carry tho wholo election. (Laughter.) After consultation, tho justices adopted tho returning officer's suggestion, and, Boeing that the triiRtocs' names had boen on tho roll some years, decided to lot thom remain thora until the noxt revision court-?-« year heneo. It was undcistood that, mean-' while, tho returning officer would bring the point he had raisod uudor tho notice of tho Attoruey- Genoral. ¡ Where Dead Men Vote.-lu corroding tho electoral roll at tho Revision Court hold at New Town last Saturday, tho justices in duo course carno to tho narnu of Thomas AUwrlght. ' ' Dead, sir," intimated tho Re- turning Officer. But the chairman-'(Mr. Murray) did riot-hoar. "That will bo Glenorchy," replied ho, moaning that Thomas Allwrlght would liavolo vota at tho Iiolling-plnco at Glenorchy. How much tho Magistrates, Returning Officer, and other occupants of tho Court laughed at this singular - amiounooniout oau Wall bo imagined, avon Mr. Murray laughing heartily at his own oxpenso whan ho dis- covered thu ludicrous slip hu had modo, ' What Does CM, Mean?-This quory, put by the Roturmng Officer (Mr. Ball) to tho justices at tho Revision CÍonrt hold at Now Town last Saturday, fairly puzzled their worships." Harry Baujafiold's "naturo of qualification" was stated on tho olectoral roll as follows : " Frooholdor, University graduato, medical bachelor, and CM. "What docs CM. mean?" quoriod Mr. Ball. "Caw's milk," suggestod Mr. Stallion Wright, whilst Mr. Murray said porhaps CM. was an abbreviation for "Colonial milk." Tho mystery romalnud unsolved. For tho information of thoir worships and others in similar doubt, wo I may stato that CM. Is a contraction for thimrgice magMcr, tho Latin for " Master in Surcorv." What's in a Name î-A Hobart cabman who though, many a timo and oft, had talton fares to tho doors of tho theatre, had not him Bolf boen oftcti allured therein to liatón to the swcot strain of music, had his soul moved within him a day or two since, when ho spelled out, " wroto worry largo " cn tbo hoardings, that Carmen would ho produced. This was something that ho could grasp-an idea that caine homo to him as some- thing he know all about. Ho decided to bo thero, but on a frugal thought intent, ho decided that hlspatronagoof tho heavenly Mubo should bo on striotly economic princi- ples. Tims resolving, ho accosted tho manager of llio company, and modestly solicited the favour of a freo pass. Ho won, ho said, ono of the oabmon, and would Uko above all things to see the Carnie» at tho gaff. Ho ovldontly oxpected to moot some old acquaintances, and if ho gats there, on tho free ticket or othorwiso, may bo puzzled to know what it baa to do with either cars, cabs, or horses." ' Derwent Fishing club.- The members of the above club made their usual weekly fishing trip on Saturday afternoon in the steamer Enterprise. The vessel was brought to off the Iron Pot, and a very successful afternoon's sport was obtained. About 50 dozen fish, chiefly flathead and perch, were caught. Trout in Tasmania.-As a proof of tilt abundance of trout in tho Tasmanian streams, wa may stato that Mr. Gordon Allport has, whilo enjoying soma relaxation prior to leaving for England, to take np his scholarship at Cambridge, killed 240 trout in tho Shannon Rivor. Of,these 90 woro caught during a fow hours of each of tho past fivo days, Sunday oxceptcd, j The French at Madagascar.-Tho special correspondent of tho South Australian Jtenister at Port Louis writes as follows : "No lato nowa from Madagancar ,1)08 been received at Mauritius, but it ia worthy of noto that tho Messagorios Mari- times steamar Caledonian has refused to take despatches for England from H.M.S. Tour- maline It is hardly likely that tho captain )would dare to do this on his own account. Wo fancy thora is moro in this than is shown on tho surfaco. ;Not only did tho com- mandant rofuso to'tako the despatches, but others forwarded by La Reunion to, inter- cept tho vcsboI woro rof usod, and orders woro issued by tho Govornor that no auoh frolgh); 'should bo accepted on board.' Tho agent de poste and the Commissario rcooivod positivo instructions to provcut their being brought on hoard, hut, in spite of this, hore they aro in chargo of an English subject, ana what is moro will ho dollvored at lAdan to! morrow morning. Thc&o; despatches aro doj scribed as being of tho groatcst importancoi and their delivery Is said to ha a matter of great moment. Wo oxpect a storm will bo raised on board when it Is known that, 'not- withstanding tho orders from tho French Government snd tho loyal naval officer -who commands tho Calédonien, tho despatches will reach their destination ' right side iup with caro.1 " - Defaulting ratopayors in tho municipality of Fingal aro warned that proceedings will bo taken for tho rocovoryof rates duo. Entries for tho Tamar Regatta closo at tho City Hotel, Launceston, on Thursday noxt At tho Town Hall, on St. Patrick'« night, a concert preceding an assembly, will bo given for tho bonofit of Mr. J. Fraser, who recently nuffurod loss by a Aro at his shop in Ltvoraool-stroct . I At half-past 7 o'clock this ovoning, a meet- ing of tho Bootmakers' Union will bo hold at tho Working Men's Club, 