GEELONG WINTER MEETING. Satvkdat, Adcust 2. Stewards—Messrs. Josiah Austin, Sidney Austin. K A. Austin, A. Clnrnside, S. V. Auckland, D. S. Wallace, T. Hawkes, R. Chirnside, jun., and Dr. D. 13. lleid. Judge —Mr. John Haimes. Starter—Mr. James W ll son. Handicarper—Mr. It. T. Barnard, Clerk of the Course-Mr. D. O'Toole. Secre tary—Mr. J. D. ltobinson. .... . Although there was no special attraction at Geelong, and a prospect of small fields fctared sporting men in the face, both trains that left Siiencer-street were well filled, and asthe weather was quite genial and springlike, the outing would have been thoroughly enjoyed had it not been for the disasters that befel the favourites. The course was reached in good time, and soon after arrival it was announced that Sinking Fund's owner had determined to resent the liberty taken with his horse in the ring by scratching him for the Hurdle Race, and on consulting the board we found that the pen had been put through his name. This left only four to go to the post, and Merri being one of the number, he was spiritedly supported by the Melbourne visitors. The Ballarat division, however, favoured the chances of Star, who was in grand condition, and his supporters made no mistake, for Scobie allowed Merri to pull and haul away in front until they neared the home turn, and challeng ing in the straight, he landed the ancient son of Panic the easiest of winners. Half a dozen numbers went up for the Railway Stakes, and Irralee, Pailleroo, Precious Stone, and Bonne Fortune all received support. The last-named, on her appearance in the saddling paddock, did not create a favourable impression, for she looked as if she had jnst emerged from a bath in the River Barwon. Irralee was fit enough for anything, and reflected great credit upon Scobie, and Precious Stone also looked blooming, and before they left the paddock he had a slight call in the wagering. As Mr. James Wilson (acting as starter in the absence of Mr. Watson) had onc_ in the race, he deputed Mr. S. Holgate to wield the flag, which was unfortunately dropped just as Bonne Fortune wheeled round ; Pre cious Stone also got off badly, while Irralee and Pailleroo were so quick upon their legs that they were lengths away in a few strides, and they remained at the head of affairs until the end, the son of Slanderer winning very easily Backers fared badly in the Steeplechase, for they placed faith in Fame, Katanga, Maid of the Mist, and Gilde roy, but none of these had the ghost of a show with the Qneenslander Blazeaway, who was very judiciously ridden by Malone. Not a mistake was. made throughout, and when Fame, Katunga, Blazeaway, and Gilderoy landed over the last fence in close company it was thought that there was to be another each contest as when Moonlight won, bnt Blazeaway had the foot of the others, and beat them easily. Another reverse awaited backers in the Winter Handi cap, for which seven starters were an nounced. Guesswork was one of the number: bnt though he had wintered well, the handsome chesnut was still a little above himself, and as young James Wilson did not fancy his chance, he was not backed for a shilling. Irtalee's easy victory in the Railway Stakes had so impressed the specu lative portion of the visitors that they took even money about him. Black Diamond, who had done plenty of sound work, was also in some demand, and although Guy Fawkes was under suspicion in consequer of the possession of a leg," a few of 1 admirers supported him. Nothing look bettor than Impulse; but beyond a few pounds invested in her favour; she was almost friendless. Yellow Hammer also stripped in excellent condition, and Timboon had evidently wintered well, albeit -he was far from being cherry ripe. Walker on Guy Fawkes made the pace a cracker, bat he died out at the home turn, and then Impulse showed in fronts and, to the delight of the bookmakers, there she remained, Mr. Fisher's good-looking mare easily stalling off Blade Diamond's challenge, and winning a fast-ran race in fine style. The winner was bred at Glenormiston. and is by King Cole from Theorem, a daughter of King Alfred and Proposition. For the Selling Bace nothing bnt Hannibal and Josephine would go down, and both were backed freely by their owners and the public, but again did the ring have the best of the bout, ior Scaramouche came to their rescue, and won so easily that eyen his owner, Mr. J. O. Inglis, was astonished. Here, again, waswnother Glenormiston- bred one, and Mr. B. Hepburn was quite justified in giving £125 for him. This was a windfall for the dub, as the horse had been entered to be sold for nil, and the G.R.C. therefore received the whole of the selling price. The trot was as interesting as these events usually are at Geelong, and we are surprised that they find a place in the programme. HUBD£K BAC8| Of S sovb. coob, with 70 aovs. added. One mile and three quartets. Ur. J. Whitehead's b g Star, by Panic, aged, lOst. 81b. (J. Scobie) ..1 Mr. t Jones's b g Meni, aged list. lib. (J. King) : S Mr. D. M. Johnson's big Sh Patrick, 6 Jt», lOst fllb. (Perguaon) ..8 Mr.n.Phiflipe'sbhKltNubMea, 6 yn, Bet. Ulb. (llubt) \T .. .. .. .. .. .. 8 betting.—Even aget Merri, 7 to ft and £ to 1 agat Star, ft to 1 aget Sir Patrick, Sir Patrick and fctar were the firct to ehow 1 vanoe, and as they poised the aland Sir PatrlcL , hail a length advantage over Herri, the other 1 ])6ing «•» -1— l_S__-.au. -a'-a the hvourite mined oonuunliitd incMusdi lead along the back * and toe Utter, waiting on Start! until ti Sin. Mo. RMLWAT 8TAKSS, Of S aovs. «aoh, with 60 son. added.; Mr. J. Ware'a to h Irralee, SyraSet ISb. I Mr. 8. MifJer-e b c Piilleroo, ft yia, 7rt.lUb."<(H(^ 8 M>« blc Pnoioui St9ac,4 yis, ... Mr^l^Jptol^rf Amdta VictoriaYynJ ■ Tet 81b., carried let. lUiTfBort) T:. md PtjiiSto, ftronj8 to ctol Die start in WtWitlloBie fMwMboa togsl andhaw Victorialast, 'ttma lntsSa^ 8TXXPUCCBAS8, ■ TMadmsbon, Mtoifib.\MaJtoe) ,7 * I Katunga, « yts, ieAMtp. ■■ Mr* nW^wBWJ ' >,".a| u ' hri' Mr Mr. J. Horner's br g All' RhkI.. .. carried lost. 71b. fil'Ivor)^ ' ft?od'51b" 1 Mr. W. Koran's b g Tho Baron « "" - '' . (M'Craekenj .. . B#ron» 6 J«. Bit i»„- « Mr. J. W. Kirk's b m Mala ot* JT8i H mi,; 121b. (M'Donald) "" """* thc ^Uyro* « 'Va&sr;?*'.'!''?'**'** > Fame was quickest away, and h? „ ™cr<iy. lowed by Maid of the Mist, Katunla qim 0se'-T Blase Away. FamewasflrrtovertoekSi ^ sod and at the river side he was Joined Utter toking a slight load^foTr^ArtS f.Kn rtonil JlllilafAtr onowrnrr^jJ't^^hmi. Gildcroy lyin^next, with Blase Awav»rS» »«k. up, the others being beaten. By therivw^eolt* Away deprived K&tunga; of the lead, uiTL^ at the last fence Blase Away, K»W.rose were on close terms, Gildcroy dnw Directly they landed Blast Away quieS^«HiJM,t' pretensions of the Balls rat pair. snd m. fet three lengths, Katunga beating Fame by tance; Gllderoy ww fourth,7olk££d bvsu ^ 6m. K^n°' B*TOn'%nd mi 0t the &»8t IVINTER HANDICAP, Of 6 sovs. each, with lOOeov,. added. One mile,* Mr. H. Fisher's b m Impulse, by Kimr rv.i Theorem, 6 yrs. fist 1Mb. (Flanniganl M^J>£wT?,b,KB1,"'k DI"»>on4, w* ji 71b. (Dobson) . ' <«■ Mr. J. Ware's ch h Irralee, 6 yrs v,*' ,«:■ (M. O'Brien) .. .. . * ' 78t ^ "sib <52^ lun-'i'6 VwX5y'6 g.8 ^ k Mr. W. Calvert's ch e Yellow Hammer * v™ 71b.f carried Cat. 121b. (Cope) . ,,*n>W Vurr^'' W.? ®mb0on» 71b. Betttiw.—fevyn" agst irralee", Stoi^J Diamond, 6 to 1 each agst Impulse and GoyFurU After a Might delay Mr. Wilson deStcheiw. Add to a splendid start, and Guy FawkSstwert a very strong pace, and led them a meter d^, close up. They ran much in this fashion untBwitt^ five furlongs of home, when the favourite 7|JT into third position, and Tim boon dropped but bat Running along the bend Black Diamond, bunk and Irralee Joined Guy Fewkes, upon whom then? had told its tale, and, Impulse leading into stn£± the result was never after in doubt, for shedm away bom Black Diamond, and won «a«nv bvthm lengths, Black Diamond beating Irralee tucknzthi and the latter being a head in frootot Ouam? Guy Fawkes, Yellow Hammer, and Timbooe foOov* ing in the order given. Tune, 2m. dljg, SELLING FLAT BACL Of 75 so vs. Bis furlongs. Mr. J. O. TngiisAs b gSoaraniouch, by Bettaal Groen—Gironde, aged, nil, 7st-f8b. (ftobsoc).. i Mr. A. Davis's gm Josephine, aged, nil, 1st «b. (FUnnigan) .. : .. ., f Mr. J. A. LangtbrhPetrel, aged, afl, 7A Jib. (Hail) .. v. Mr. It. Smiley"* br g Tyrone, 6 yrs, £25, 7sbUh., carried 8st Ob. (Ban) .8 Mr. J. Saqui's Mb Hsnnihsl, aged, nil, 7A Mb. • MrPv^Oal vert's g g Buiphuf, aged, nB,7it d£ ' (Walker). „ .. { Mr. D. B. Wsllaoe's bf Mrs. Jartoy,4yn,tiII,7A Hb. (Msyburn).. .. .. 8 Mr. S.Miller's br o Pan, t yrs, nil, fot Gb. (Tuomey) 8 Mr. 3. Bnrns*a b m Don, 6 yrs, £25 (Bona) .. 8 Betting.—-2 to loach agst Hannibal and hsgfriw, 8 to 1 agst Mrs. Jailey. Directly after they Wt-the starter's hmdr, Bou rn ouch took up the tunning, and tboqrii Josephs* and Petrel madeineffottin the sbMbt,heheM his own to the end, and won easily tyalencthfna Josephine, who beat Petrel a nedo for seooodhtaoen. Mrs. Jariey being fourth. Time, lm. TJU Tho winner was knocked down to Mr. & Btfim for £126. . DDSTAHCE HANDICAP TROT. A sweepstake of 8 aovs.eacb for soeeptws, vifii® so vs. added. Beoood horse to reorivelOson-wl of the stake. Weight not to exceed list drib or harness. Three miles or over. Mr. E. Anderson's to m Bom, aged, Knkfe (Bunge) .. .. - Mr. M. J. Gullanbbm Nell, aged, 800 ydibcSmd Mr/P^^O^toddj-'ni Mm bites, aped, MO yb Mr^^^dfiSfM b'm Sybil, aged, 80 ji MrT^M^'gcrabber, (iged, 8»idi beblnd(Pknar) ,. .. •• :• v Mr. F. BoHust bg OdvUin Darbom, 700 jm Bose was never o^pmacbed, and w<a soAown. Time, 8m. 58s. 