CHAPTER VI. LARRY'S SENTIMENTAL EPISODE. *' For ghosts unseen crept in between And, when our songs flowed free, Sang discords in an undertone, And marred our harmony." ' ' MY DEAR PAULINE,-Why don't you write to me ?" Larry got that far, the next evening, and then came to a stand- still-his eyes, a« was becoming usual to them, roving over to where Joscelyn sat at the piano. He gave a sigh, shut up his desk with a bang that made Mrs. Vesey start and look at him, but seeing him join Joscelyn at the piano her face assumed a complacent expression, and she became absorbed once more in her book. On the whole she felt easier in her mind than she had done since the reading of the will. Josce- lyn received Larry indifferently enough, but her face had lost the old disdainful expression, and was soft and friendly. "You wèar no rings," he said, after he had watched her playing for a little while in silence. Miss Chester had very pretty hands, and his eyes rested on them rather lovingly. Whose would be the right some day to clasp and caress them ? Did Jerningham already possess it ? Joscelyn glanced at - her hands, then stopped playing. " What an important discovery," she said, mischievously. " Why don't you ?" he asked, rather abruptly. " I don't know, perhaps," with a quick glance at him, " because I have no old young friends to give them to me." Larry laughed in spite of himself. "I never owned to that," he said. " No, but I'm sure there's a history attached to it. You might tell it to me," persuasively. "There's very little to tell, almost nothing, " he answered, rather uneasily. " But it was a girl gave it to you ?" Larry's blue eyes met the girl's upturned ones with a troubled look in them. A vague uneasiness was what he now felt on thinking of Miss Dacre. After a long look he turned away his eyes. " It was a girl," he owned, almost below his breath. " Now, might you not tell me the whole story ?" "It would not interest you," said Larry, more interro- gatively than affirmatively. " But it would," answered Miss Chester, decidedly. " If I tell you," he said, after a pause, " will you gra- tify my curiosity on one point ?" For a moment Joscelyn debated, looked up, met the gaze of his eyes, turned away her own, while the colour dawned in her cheeks ; then, with a smile and an air of mock reso- lution, said, "I will." " Come out on the piazza, then, he said, eagerly. " It's much jollier out there, and I'll tell you all I can about this ring." "Very well," said Joscelyn, without the least demur, *' that came from MrB. Vesey." " You are very imprudent, \- : ? [ going out in the night air, remember the throat you had last spring-lost your voice." "It will not hurt me," Joscelyn said ; but when they got to the hall, Larry paused : " You must have something on," he said, in the quick masterful way he sometimes assumed unconsciously. " Where can I find a wrap of some kind for you ?" Miss Chester looked disposed to rebel, but hesitated, and finally ran up the stairs to her room, and returned with a white woollen arrangement in her hand. Larry took it from her in silence, and wrapped it closely round her, then they went out together. "Do you cat;h cold easily?" he asked, as they stood in the cool night air. " Oh, no ! Now, Mr. Cavendish, commence your senti- mental episode. Let us sit on the steps." But another pmise arose ; Larry returned to the hall for a mat. " You muBt sit on this," he said. " But I'm very comfortable as I am," laughed, Joscelyn, wilfully. " Nevertheless," he said, softly, " you must be a good child, and do as I tell you ;" then, as she made no move to rise, but only turned her face, alight with smiles, towards . him, he took both her hands, and with gentle force drew J her to her feet. " Now," he Baid, " you won't catch cold," after he had drawn the wrap round her again ; he seated himself beside her, where he commanded a good view of her face. Perhaps it was only the moonlight that lent it that softened, almost pathetic aspect. For the first time she recalled to his mind the little girl he remembered on the truss of hay, saying, " I just waited, for I thought you would remember sometime." Joscelyn was the first to speak, and her voice was very cool and matter of fact, considering her heart was beating faster under Larry's gaze than ever it had done before. "I shall think lam here under false pretences, if you don't begin at once. Did she give it you long ago ?" Poor Larry-he did not answer at once. In actual time it was not more than three months ; but it seemed very far back at the moment. "Not long ago," he answered, recalling himself to the present by an effort. "She came out in the same boat I did, and we were together a great deal." Joscelyn slowly turned her face away, "And," he went on, rather lamely, " she gave me the ring you admire, and that's all. I think she's for- gotten me now. " "But how do you know ?" " Well, I'm tolerably sure about it," with a slight sigh. "She doesn't write to me." Then followed a pause. Larry's eyes strayed back to Joscelyn's face ; he wondered why her lips wore Buch a strange smile. " Was she pretty ?" "Yes, very"-decidedly. "Ah !" a slight shiver ran through Miss Chester's figure ; her eyes shone very brightly, but her face was pale. " And her name ?" "I could not tell you that," he answered, quietly. ' ' True ; I should not have asked it. Thank you for your story, Mr. Cavendish. It's rather cold, don't you think ? Perhaps we had better go in." " One instant more," he pleaded-"Joscelyn," below his breath, " you don't hate me as much as you did ?" No mistaking the earnestness of his manner. A second's pause-a short sharp battle for pride fought with herself; then the girl turned to him and the cool surprise in her eyes went far towards bringing him to himself. "Certainly 1 do not hate you now," she said, and the cool friendliness of her voice dealt a surer blow to senti- ment than any indignant rejoinder could have done. They returned to the house in silence. " How pale you are, Joscelyn," said Mrs. Vesey, fretfully; " there," as the girl shivered-" I knew how it would be. You've caught cold. Isn't she pale, Larry ?" 