THE DRY COUNTRY. To 'fin? .Editor op the VHsRAtD.' ? ' ' Sir— All persons interested in pastoral pursuits, especially in the Wostern district of the colony, havo road with tho greatest attention the descriptions of the dry country by your spocial correspondent. Everyone has been struck with the vory able manner in which he lias dealt with what he saw; and there is an universal beliof that the present state of the count y irom the Lnchlan to tho Darling, and beyond this latter rivor, has lieon truthfully and accurately described. Thero can indeed be no question on tho subje.'t, but tho inferences attempted to be drawn from a limitod euporience of the districts decribed, and from the unhappy effects of tho present pro tracted drought will not boar examination. Moro has been asserted by persons interested than tho facts detailed by your correspondent will warrant, or than he assumed. It is impossible to express and-feel too much sympathy for the tsrrible disaster* which hare befallen tho industry of so many enterprising lesseos of the public lands, and the wishes as well as tho intereit of tho whole community will support the Government in mitigating as far as possible the suffer ings of thoso who havo dono so much to assist in building up the prosperity of New South Wales. As, howevor, the presont arid condition of the Western couiitry is being unduly used to influenco the action of Parliament in rogard to the amount of rent which ought to bo demanded for fixed leases of the public lands, it will be well to take a cursory review of the hiitory of pastoral settlement in the proposed Western division of tho colony. In 1845 and 184(1 tho squatters begun to occupy the pastoral lands on the Lower Murrumbidgoo and Lachlan, -below Narran dera on the ono river, and Condobolin on tho other. In 1847 the Murray below its junction with theMur rurabidgee, and the Darling below Minindie, began to I be occupied. In 1846 the whole of tho country along the frontagoH of tho two rivers, including their ana branches, billabongs, and lakes, as we 1 as tho back lands, had been carefully explored by squatters in search of pastures for their flocks, and had been re jected as worthless. Nevertheless, from . 1848 tho wholo of the frontages of tho Lower Murray, the Lachlan, and the Darling wero rapidly occupied, and before 1870 much of the conntry back from the rivers was largely stocked, and noarly tho wholo has beon secured by tender. A larf-o ?oronorti.n nf t lanrlu fit for pastoral occupation, and south of the tracks of your correspondent, has been well stocked, principally with sheep, for upwards of 36 years, and during that I time largo fortunes have been made, not by the sale of runs, but by the retention and working of them, Runs on the Rivor Darling, where now temporary desolation Teigns, ar? still in the hands of tho ori gmai occupiors, ana with the excoption of the last two have for 34 years yielded profits so large that the owners ostimate their wealth at several hundreds of thousands of pounds sterling. And the instances are common in tho Western district anarh fmn. _t|on in runs, where the Crown lessees have becomo ?'rich men. The seasons were fairly uood from 1850 to 1866-67, and after that up to 1878. Since then, and moro especially during the last three years, tho rainfall has not beon gonorally sufficient throughout tho Wostern dirision. In some places thero has beon no ram of any valuo, but evon in thodesort the me teoric conditions have been so erratic that cases are not infrequent. Previous to the last two years, notwithstanding the general want of sufficient humidity in tho atmos phere, this district has only required six acres on an average to support one shoep or its equivalent, nnd that, too, including the vast spinifer lands which are utterly worthless, and much fairly good pastoral country not rendered fit for occupation by wells or the conservation ot water. Some runs have carried as many as one sheep to the acre, and others to two or three acres respectively. Exclusive of the unstocked aud useless lands, there has been on an average fully ono sheep to four acres, and that during seasons by no means good. Your correspondent is right in re porting that in great areas of the lands on and in the neighborhood of tho Rivor Darling, the herbage perishes, evon when .unstocked, under tho powerful action of the sun during the long summer ; but this is not general, except whon there has been no rain suffi cient to givo it the necessary strength and sustenance During dronghts, such as aro now bninrr all moisture is so drawn out of certain soils far down below, where the roots of the grass can ponetrate, that it must perish. Bad, however, as the seasons are m the far Wostern districts, this state of things is exceptional. For 35 years there have been only two severe droughts— the present being much the worse. Along the flats of the Lower Darling, where principally oaten grass comes up after a wet spring, the fierce heat of the summer always has a hard effect upon the pas turage by baking it into a state so dry that it crumblos into dust, and is blown away by tho winds. But these flats, now so desolate, can be turned into perennial meadows by tho aid of science, and that too, at a cost small in rolation to tho results. It may safely be assumed that the Royal Commission ap pointed to report upon the bost methods of conserv ing water, will show how, by the use of inexpensive iron weirs, in accordance with tho system now so ex tensively adopted in France, tho River Darling, as won as an otner ot our flowing waters, can always be mado to irrigate its lower lands, and send wator into all the ana-branches and lakes which are not now suppliod excopt during floods. With a cheap system of irrigation, which it is not necessary to anticipate the commission by describing, and with tho adoption ot ensilage, a largo population will bo able to live prosperously along the banks of the River Darling, as indeed of the Murray, the Lachlan, and the Murrumbidgee. It may bo stated that these iron weirs can bo put down and romoved at will. ' Were the lnxminnt crops of groen foddor which, for example, grow at - Monindie, siloed, their possessors could render themselves indepondont of droughts A careful collection of facts connected with the Occu pation of the dry country will Drove thnt f l.n trom pastoral pursuits Muring the good and fair seasons are amply sufficient to provide a safe in surance for average profitable returns. It is doubt less true that, induced by the aspect of the country during good seasons, many of the lesseos have been lea to -expend too much money upon improvements, that is more than the roturns.have warrantod. But they would not have so committed themselves had they not had experienco of the success of earlier settfemont—settlomont commenced long before tho present poriod of exceptionally dry seasons. Much ' , unnecessary expense has boen incurred in I sinking wells As much as i'3000 has been expended upon one well 600 to 700 foet deep, which, including piping and forcepump if required, might with bettor knowledge havo been put down for £200 or £300 at most; and this will be proved whon Mr Cecil Darley makes Jus roport upon tho American methods of making artesian or other wells. ' The existence of the present drought and its nro bablo recurrence ..will doubtless demonstrate the ne cessity of conceding to conditional purchasers, to the presont pastoral lessees, and to the future homestead sottlers, terms of jeaso sufficiently long to enable them to lay by an -ample fund as an insurance against ample inevitable Uosses; but tho Parliament ought not thereby to be iarrifiptl ? * rents unfair to the public! Unfortunately, too many of the present lessees ?4vp absurdly -high bonuses, based on profits made (luring prosperous seasons, for tho goodwill of their runs; but, much as tlioy are to bo sympathised with, ji will not do to estimate the public rental to meet casos of this sort. Thore is no land fit to dopastureJsKeep which, if fully supplied with wator for the stoctc, will not support one sheep on six acres excopt when a«d where; 100 acros will not do sp; and this. has jjot happened moro than once in f,i. °r ' j^. years- A consideration of the annual re lVV' u*' ''f of tho extent of the areas' over which tjioy havo ^pastured, will show that the 8 ?P siJno of the beat runs has been utterly '5 ?t,r?.yed, by overstocking, and that, bad Ai the drought has been,: thetfo runs would have supported the stock had they been limited to the number safe to keep in ordinary seasons. Whenever thore has been a great flush of grass the lesseei havo in many mstancos crowded store stock on to their runs, because thoy say it is better to foed off the her bage than to let it ponsh under the blazing sun. Q.his system has sometimes turned out successful, but T. 7 cno seasons and tho over ?™afT.8 1 v?.,' 1 LT the grass, and rondored ro treat impossible. The sheop havo not had time to fatton and be sold, and no ono would, in a bad season purchase thorn as store stock. Always hoping that rain would como, the owner has kept his sheep on his run until their too groat numbers had eaten out root and branch. Hastening to be rich he lost all ' . -Recqnsidoring opinions, it may bo fairer if tho law shiill requiro tho focal boards to estimato tho rents. ,. y the averae® capabilities of the I lands for feeding, livo stock, when fenced -aud suffi aently supphed with water, and thoy might be per ,mitted in appropriate cases to fix a less rental for the first two or throe years— that is, while the nocossary K wero..boinS effected. . Evoty area should be doalt -with on lis own merits.. It is impossible, within the compass of a single letter, fully todiscuss [J .?ul!J6Ct of a just rental— just to the country and to tho lesseos alike; but it is hoped that enough has beon said toa prevent the rentals, from boinf fixed undor the influence of the panic caused by tho prosont disastrous drought. The sympathies of tho writer are with the. pastoralists/ whether Crown lessees or selectors; but tho sottlomont of tho long vaxod quoa* . ♦ion of the public lands would be no nearer if he conn- ? sollod a policy of sale or loa«ing on inadequate torms, , Sydney, Juno 2nd. I am, &c.;, EXPERIENCE. Op the Barrier Silver mines tho Inspector of Mines says in his report: 'The geological formation of this part of tho Barrior consists of felspar, quar tzite purphry, and micaceous schist; and, with tho ^ exception of a fow lodes which occur in purphry the silver lodes occur in the micaceous schist formation. The latter formation can be traced in a north-east direction, being intersected or cut off by hard bars of felspar or quartzite. Most of the veins run very flat, dipping or underlaying not more than 1 foot in 6 feet, which is not a good sign for their permanency. The veins vary in thickness from a mere tliroad to 2 feet. I think it will bo found when theso silver deposits' are more systematically worked that they are not con- )y, Y tinuous lodes, but shoots or blocks of ore, going down ' to a certain depth and pinching out. Fresh shoots however, may be discovered.' - ' ' . ' A Darling paper states 30 tons of dead wool have been gathered on one station in that district, on which 25,000 sheep have perished. A settler stated ns follows to an intorviewist! — 'Thero aro now bleaching on my run 8000 carcases out of 8000 sheep' that the January of '83 saw there; and mine is far Irom being a solitary case either. Within a radius of (-l- miles from where you now sit, there are a score of mon, who have suffored as high, or a higher porcentago of loss than I have. Not far from here thoro is a station, where, in September, '83, they fleeced 47,000 sheep, and in addition cut 22,000 bimbs, and now *11 tho boundary riders in the North west could not muster 6000 living sheep. Another gentleman, almost on my own boundary, has not jenny expense-, tnoso ton yoars. Another, who, last Juno, had 900 hoad of cattle, has now about 30 poddy calves. Another— but bah, I could fill a newspaper column with things like these Why k & ,at Jmy'clf' For 7ean 1 made this run carry 3000 head of cattle, and from 100 to 200 head of horses. Every year I could take off from 200 to 400 lats, and odd lots of stores, but during the last nine years, year in and year out, it would not have carried a thousand, and on the word of a man, it wonld not have fattened 400 young bullocks, had they alone been on it during that timo. In '75, 1 had 3 200 mi™! cattle, and m '77 had 400 head left, and was glad to . get rid of them at LI a head. In '78 I bought 500 5S , stores, at 25s, and was able to sell three. Although I would be the last in the world to approach the Government, hat in hand, atill they could squander L100, 000 in many worse -ways than in writing off ayear's rent to some noor devils. n r 'sun°t g'nerallT known, says a London paper, that the eldest daughter of the present Lord Lytton has taken the -family pen, and although only about fourtoen or fifteen years of age has already printed and published for private circulation one of the most blood-curdling ghost stories that has seen the lieht a 10RS aay. We heard on good authority that Messrs. Longman would have published it in their magazine had it not boen that it was rather longer than their space would allow of; but the idea of curtailing the story was indignantly repudiated, so it bas been placed in the hands ofa few privileged friends exactly as the juvenile authoress wrote it down. She inherits a vast store of talent from -both sides of the house and we shall look forward to her public appearance in the ranks of our authoresses with a great amount of curiosity. 0„^,IL'RH j? » movement on foot at Oxford, so it is said, for the abolition nf tho ? ? to the disrepute into which it has been brought by almost uni versal application. Tho following letter is extracted fron, an English paper, which may lead 'o IhnuZT /'l1?. ag,Ution amongst the ladies-for tho f the term ' Mies' :-'Since all the dirtiest drabs have assumod the title of 'Miss,' oh! do let us give them the exclude use of it. When a message is brought that'Miss Smith wishes to .peak to you, and vou go down and find a 'young lady* with thrnZh m ii0r hair' and hor foot peering through the holes of her boots, and you find she wants a little hob for har -C. you °oe l°tters addroaied to Miss Snooks without oven the name of the master or mistre,s of the house, but as if tho. house belonged to them,' and and you know that Miss 3nooks wages are £4 a year and her wardrobo much aftor the fashion of Miss / '? 13 .t1™6 for iadies to make some stand, i in future desire to have my lettors addressed simply with my name, but if others are not so plain s£ l Z'in, T adopt Fra«l6in, Mademoiselle, Sig nonna, anything— anything but Miss.' ? Heue is something new. A small piece of rosin wffail a WatT an-^ pIacod in a v,8ael on the fire !''aJd,a. P°c«liar property to the atmosphere of tho w^th n! I Wll'glvl° swat relief to persons troubled Throw off?h„- The h0?\Qf the is orient to relief t hnt !« JFTa °,f th? rosin' and S1™3 the same i« u 1rdod by the combustion of resin. It is 1^ ,,° combustion; becauso tie evaporation weX We' Th# ,&m;# re,in raay b« used for Iinr,° °{t;l'SnPh was erected loss than 40 than 1 onn nnn' f ?preS6Dt timo thera a' more than 1,000.000 milos in operation. The United State, comes first, with 250,000 miles, with ' the im r firman P y of addm8 another 100,000 «iles com°s next with 150,000 miles, and the groat ChinoseEmpire last, with 1200 milos. M. iiiiLE GnumsT ha s offered to the city of Paris his unique collection of curiosities relating^ (W ta1 religions, comprising 11,000 to 12,000 nods E0d dosses, fetishes, and othor objects of superstitfoua veneration, as well as a quantity of Japanese por o^books1 hbraryof 4000 Japan'' and 3000 OhTn 'ndeYe!°Ped eeniys of resource lay in thesood' Scottish minister whose landlady pleaded that she ilT aSTheJhadhteh''eXVrCi^; °f ^olfand his fam ,?« ^ thoir breakfast to prepare. 'Come in, como in, Mrs. — — , was the ready reply, '? ye can »?-' nh(- Pan. and leave the kitchen dooropen WzzUng''^ t0 a Cl°' Wh#n 1 tho bTon Mr W H. Vanderbilt owns 930.840 shares of rail L5y271°484 T 117,000 000; railroad bond, worth „ V7,1/484 ; Government bonds worth L12,000000 and other securities worth LI, 000,000. H s wealth So in ^'T'00^ the Duke of WestmTnsten and tho_ income from it n six per cent., while that of the Duke is but two, so th*t W. H. Vanderbilt is Clearly the richest man in the world. vsnaerb'tl!' If you want to try the temper of one who flatters himself that he can spell correctly, read for him the following sentence, and ask him to write it-— pedlar had a pony which ate a floury potato with u£ pamUeled ecstacy. The cbancesare ten toonThe will who ™ ?1StaI5e- Y® ave met with one good speller sentence.' '° ' ^ mistak6' in the above V p i 