Christmas. Hio dies anno redeunte festus. —HORACE. By Hugh Erskine Cooper. HAIL! Father Christmas, with thy hoary locks and flowing beard! Welcome, thou joy-<*> ful harbinger of mirth and gladness, whom rich and poor, young and old, greet alike ! Come, jovial guest, make one at the group around tho fire that blazes and crackles naif way up the chimney! Thus it is that I and other people equally enthusiastic talk of Christmas, and picture to ourselves that old gentleman so well known on Christmas cards, with icicles pendent from his white hair and beard, holly round his head, with jolly red cheeks and a beaming smile lighting up his whole countenance, show* ing at the same time a set of faultless teeth and two cherry lips. It is Christmas-tide. Why do we rush forth and grasp Smith warmly by the hand (Smith with whom we had that little difference but last week), and greet him with the compliments of the season ? Why does he return the hand, shake equally heartily and say: "A merry Christmas to you, my boy ?" Because, simply, it is Christmas. I could give you a hundred reasons for not doing and feeling otherwise. It would be un- Christian, nay it would be un becoming an Englishman, not to be friendly and forgiving at such a time. It would be a breach of custom, and we are but conforming to the long-established principle* of Old England to be charitable and hospitable at Christmas. When we come to think of it, what arrange* ments we have been making for Christmas ! and how it is come. What plans we made for the spending the season as merrily as possible 1 and the time for developing them is arrived. But a fortnight ago the plum-pudding waa being compounded and stirred, the goose was being still fattened, the grocer's man was bringing his basketf uls of dainties; and now the table is set out in all its grandeur and groaning 'neath the weight of the Christmas dinner. But a fortnight ago the now empty schoolrooms were full, and from the throats of young fourteen years old fitful bursts, musical or otherwise, issued of that scholastic hymn—"Dulce Domum." And Smith, who confided to Brown the jolly larks he was going to have when he got home, is now in the full swing of mischief and merriment. Brown the best scholar in the school, who dreamed of the prize-day with increasing satisfaction as it drew near, has gone through that ceremony, and has taken home a small bookcase full of gilt-edged tomes, and takes frequent note of the time, and is constantly telling people they will be late, ever since Pa gave him the watch and chain as a Christmas present, and for being dux of his form. All are now engaged in Christmas Joy and festivity—in England where the snow lies thick on the ground, " positai ut gladtt nivtt jntro numine Jupiter ; n and in Australia with its sun shining with the full intensity of the tropical summer. 'Tis Christmas Eve night How is the world of Christendom employed? We, of course, revert fondly to our native England, which is the birth-place of many of us Queenslanders, or at least is the place where many of our dearest friends still live. Now the usual rejoicings and demonstra tions are beginning. Now good Santa Claus is making his purchases in all the toy shops in England—Santa Claus, that mysterious person* age whom nobody has seen, but of whom so many wonderful feats of agility and kindness have been related. Yes, children, he will come down the chimney when you are all asleep, but if he finds you have not hung your stocking out he will pass by your bed without leaving you that share of the cornucopia of toys and picture* books that is wont to accompany him. Santa Claus will come in through the crevice by the window and make his exit through the keyhole. Bat do not keep awake, or he will shun that little cot with grandmamma's yard-long stock ing pendent from the top of the bed-post. Sleep soundly all night, and at Christmas morn you will nee that yard-long stocking distorted and overflowing with an untold wealth of toys. Poor little cherubs! they do not see mamma come into the room at midnight, gaze fondly at their sleeping faces, and then proceed to fill the stocking that is to bewilder their little brains to-morrow and fill their little hearts with glee. Would that I might accompany Santa Claus in his progress through Christendom on Christ mas Eve night. What scenes of joy and mirth in the houses of the rich, what scones of con tentedness and cheerfulness in those of the poor! In the country, with its bleak aspect, stretches of snow-covered tracts, with here and there lights gleaming red through the darkness. In the town, with its dazzlingly-lighted streets and cheerless back alleys, with the vehicles of the rich splashing the street mud on the pedes trian and beggar on the pavement. Those who accompanied Santa Claus thin Christmas Eve must have seen assemblies in the country houses of Old England similar to that in Mr. WardlcV of Dinglcy Dell, wherethe good old equire goes heart and soul into the fun, and "when they were all tired of blind-man's-butf, tbero wan a great game at snap-dragon, and when fingers enough were burned at that, and all the raisins were gone, t'iry sat down by the huge tiro of blazing logs to a subhtantial supper and a mighty bowl of wassail, something smaller than an ordinary wash-house copper, in which the hot apples were hissing aud bubbling with a rich look andaiolly smnd that wore per fectly irresistible." Those who accompanied Santa Claus this Christmas Eve must hat* passed into that great metropolis reeking with smoke and fog, must have forced a way through the crowded streets of London, been half deafened with the confused uproar, and been dazed by the thousand and one scenes and inci dents that met their siifht at the same time. They must have noted the satisfied smile of the rich and the pinched expression of the poor. They must have heard the merry laugh of some young gentleman issuing from a toy-shop and holding his father's hand; and at the same time have been assailed by the importunate cry of a barefooted urchin without a father to protect him, and depending on the sale of his matches for the Christmas dinner he hopes to have. And during all this excitement and festivity in country and town time speeds on; Christ mas Eve wanes and Christmas Day dawns. The Christmas carols are being sung, and St. Paul's clock strikes the hour. As the world wakes, greetings of a merry Christmas pass from mouth to mouth, and hands and lips are pressed with warm enthusiasm. " Numerous" indeed are the hearts to which Christmas brings a brief season of happiness and enjoyment. How many families whose members have been dispersed and scattered far and wide in the restless struggles of life are then reunited, and meet once again in that happy state of com panionship and mutual goodwill which is » source of such pure and unalloyed delight, and are so incompatible with the cares and sorrows of the world, that the religious belief of the most civilised nations and the rude traditions of the roughest savages alike number it among the first joys of a future condition of existence provided for the blest and happy 1 How many old recollections and how many dormant sympathies does Christmas-timo awaken ! We write these words now, many miles distant from the spot at which, year after year, we met on that day a merry and joyous circle. Many of the hearts that throbbed so gaily then have ceased to beat; many of the looks that shone so brightly then have ceased to glow; the hand* we grasped have grown cold; the eyes we sought have hid their lustre in the grave; and yet the old house, the room, the merry voices and smiling faces, the jest, the laugh, the most minute and trivial circumstances connected with those happy meetings, crowd upon ourraind at each recurrence of the season, as if the la* assemblage had been but yesterday ! Happy happy Christmas, that can win us back to the delusions of our childish days; that can recal to the old man the pleasures of his youth; and transport the sailor and traveller, thousands of miles away, back to his own fireside and quiet home!" How much more forcibly does the truth o these words of Charles Dickens strike as who are in Australia separated from our native England by leagues and leagues of ocean! Many of us can remember with vivid accuracy the las Christmas we spent "at home" with our friends We mayhap remember the toast that was drunk to the success of Cousin Jack, who was going to the colonies to make his fortune. Cousin Jack falls into a reverie this Christmas morn, and thinks of the Christmases that have inter* vened between that and this one. Perhaps he has a brether or a relation who has passed through the hardships of colonial experience with Jack, and they begin to talk of old times. They may be able to recall Christmases spent in the Far West, with a burning sun overhead, and the luxuries of a Christmas dinner a subject for contemplation alone. They may have, like Marcus Clarke, spent a Christmas on the other side of the Blue Mountains, and pledged one another in pannicans of muddy water with tadpoles swimming about in it. Still, with the hard rough damper they made merry, and ate their salt junk with as much relish as the juiciest sirloin could afford. They remember, too, how they smoked their mid- day pipe ana contemplated, and silently agreed that there was no place like home. Although most of the Christmas customs of the old country have been kept up in the colonies, there are many still which one misses when spending one's first Christmas in Aus tralia. The house decorations are by no means so elaborate as in England. There, the holly, with its glistening red berries, is conspicuous in at least every country house. The walls are festooned with evergreens of all sorts, while that significant bunch of mistletoe contributes largely to the success of a Christmas gathering. Who has not heard of the mistletoe bough, and the privileges it affords to a gentleman in sur prising a pretty maiden under its shade? Why do young ladies fall into reveries under it, ana give that opportunity which no admirer of the sex can resist? Behold young Captain Bold walk stealthily up behind Miss Rose as she takes her stand beneath the bough, and cannot make out why all are smiling! She sees—but too late; the arms of the scarlet uniform hold the prize, and Captain Bold kisses the little struggler, who gives a faint scream, and blushes as red as the coat of the captor. Then follows the laugh against Miss Rose, who tows vengeance, and promises never to forgive the captain. But Miss Rose enjoys her evening all the more for this incident, and joins heartily in the laugh against some other infortunfo who has to pay the same oscular tribute. But the mistletoe is nothing to the fun of the Christmas tree. What juvenile dances have been made round that tree, ablaze with lighted candles, and resplendent with toys! The elders join in the fun of the Christmas tree, and grandpapa laughs gaily as he gets a beautiful doll for his prize, and pretends unwillingness to change it with Miss Violet for the cigar-case she has drawn, and at hut consents, as Violet agrees to pay for it with a kiss. The fun lasts till nigh on midnight, and the candles are burnt, and the toys all of! the tree, being dispersed among the young and old merrymakers. Another Christmas employment is to sit around the fire at night with the gas out and tell talcs of adventure and ghost-stories. The latter especially are enjoyed. One can imagine the little group drawing closer and closer to the story-teller as he approaches the ghastly part of his tale. The fire seems to grow dimmer and dimmer as they draw nearer to it The speaker's voice gets lower and lower, and the little hearts of the audience beat faster and faster. The climax approaches; the ghost is about to be introduced, when—the door crfi >ks ominously on its hinges; none dare look behind them. Hush! the ghoNt comes—he has gone! The fire suddenly bl»z<»s up; the speaker waxes louder, and the suspended hilarity returns. And then the Christmas carol, that tells us the story of Bethlehem. How sweet it sounds on the midnight air! I hear along our street Pass tho minstrel throngs; Hark! they play so sweet, On their hautboys, Christmas songs! Lot us by the fire Eve higher Sing them till the night oxpire I In December ring Every day the chimes; Loud the gleemen Bing In the streets their merry rhymes. Let us by the tire Ever higher Sing them till the night expire t Shepherds at the grange whore the Babe was born Sang, with many a change, Christmas carols until morn. Let us by tho lire Ever higher Sing them till the night expire! 