THE CLOWN'S QUEST. CHAPTER II. MISSING. wn's last caper was performed, his last broad illuminated the house, like the jolly red n laughing at the world before he drops he broad green hills, and John Groman was master again. For three months he had been tly slave of the public. Now he was free to . he liked, and do what he pleased, till he n himself other bondage. t a jolly time Ted and I will have," he said If, as he ran up the steep stairs and along ow passage to his dressing-room. ulky coke fire had gone out altogether and m was empty. Jack Groman looked round lately. He had expected to find his brother for him. said he'd be back in an hour/' he thought; 's fully an hour and a half since he left me. r old way, Master Ted, never punctual! " gan to undress quickly, so that he might be go home with that scapegrace brother of his. ed the bismuth and vermilion off his honest put on the sober garments of every-day life, nor Grumani was transformed into plain John , a well-built man of middle height, lithe, ooking, with homely features, an intelligent ance, dark hair cut short, closely shaved cheek n, good broadcloth, and a general appearance erne respectability. Tou might have taken a prosperous lawyer, or a doctor with a good —for anything or everything except a clown, ok him a quarter of an hour to dress. The 'front of the house had been out ever so long ■heatre was as quiet as an empty church, n't wait for him here," said John Groman. 11 be locking up the stage door and shutting ent down to the stage-door, hoping to find his waiting for him in the dismal lobby, where ts for dramatic renown sometimes waited for ments—and did not get them—where the imps ries of pantomime congregated on Saturday ns, unkempt and dirty, and smelling of old dward was not in the hall. The door-keeper en the gentleman go out " nigh two hours d had not seen him come baok, and the door was positive that nobody could pass him nown." e was nothing to do but to go out and wait in et for the truant. The door- keeper wanted to the theatre and retire to his den. So John buttoned up his comfortable over-coat, his muffler over his chin—clowns are as careful lungs as tenors—and went out into the windy fwas a colonnade outside the stage-door, and s a public house on the other Bide of the The lights within had a comfortable look. " I wonder if the fellow has gone into the Anchor P " thought John. He ran across, and looked into the bar, and even peered into the parlor. No Edward. John was out in the street again in a minute. He began to feel feverishly anxious not to miss his brother. " I told him my address/' he said to himself. " Can he have taken a hackney- coach, and gone home without me ? " That seemed^an unlikely proceeding, so John deter mined to stick to his post, under the colonnade. It was only a question of waiting for half an hour or so. It was nearly one o'clock. The most unpunctual of men could not delay his return much longer. One o'clock struck, and the quarter after, from the church clocks of the neighbourhood* and still John Groin an waited. A chill uncomfortable feeling had crept over him since the striking of the hour. It seemed mere foolishness now to wait for his brother. It was not likely Ted would come back to the theatre that night. " He talked about looking up old haunts/' mused Jack, " perhaps he has gone to see some of father's old friends. The Tomkinsons, for instance. Their place isn't fax from here.". John G-roman went off at once to see if this notion about the Tomkinsons were not a happy one. He was flurried and eager, and had a kind of desperate feeling that he must find his brother before those sonorous church clocks struck two. There was something queer and uncanny in this disappearance of Ted's. It began to appal him. " It isn't ikind of him to play me such a triok," he thought. " He must know how anxious I am to talk to him." Tomkinson's place was a rather dingy-looking house, over a tobacconist's shop, in anartow street between the IStrand and the river. The Tomkinsons and the Gromans had enjoyed that comfortable kind of friendship which finds outward expression in tea and muffins, hot suppers after the play, and homely Christmas or Hew Year festivities beBide the do mestic hearth, rum punch, oysters, bottled stout, and conviviality. Mr. Tomkinson's windows were dark. There was no sign of conviviality to-night. John Groman rang the door-bell loudly in his agitation, and presently a second-floor window was open, a head throat out, and a sharp voice asked, crossly, . " What's the matter now ? " *" It's only I, Susan. Mr. Groman, you know. Is there anybody with your master ?" " Master and missus have been abed these three hours," anwered the girL " I beg your pardon for speaking so cross, Mr. Groman, but this is the second time I've been Beared by that blessed bell. There was a gentleman here an hour ago, who wanted mas ter, but he wouldn't have him waked, and Baid he'd call to-morrow." " What kind of a gentleman ? " " Tall—bigger thin you—with a beard. He looked like a foreigner, but he spoke like an Englishman." " Which way did he go? " " That way," answered the girl, pointing towards the Strand. " Are you sure it was an hour ago P " " I can't be sure to a minute. It might have been an hour-and-a-half." " Or two hours/' suggested John G-roman. " I can't say. Shall I call master up, Sir P " " No, no, on ho account. I'll call to-morrow." The girl shut down the window, and John Groman turned his face to the Strand. " There can be no doubt about it," he thought. " Ted must have gone straight to Rose Cottage, after leaving the Tomkinsons." It Was just like his brother to steal a march upon him, and go bursting into the quiet little cottage, looking as rough and fresh as the March wind. " What a surprise for my little woman!" the Clown said to himself. Yet, though he told himself this might be, there was a leaden weight at John Groman's heart as he plodded manfully northwards, piercing his way across inth of streets towards the Gray's Inn road, lg off corners, going almost as straight as the f flies. |e clocks struck two as he skirted the Foundling sonorous strokes that seemed to fall upon John mn's heart. thought I should have found him before two bk," he said to himself ; "but I'll be bound my parlour, making friends with the little in." belated hackney coach passed just at this lent. John G-roman hailed it, and had himself In home. Rose Cottage he found a bright fire, a cozy table neatly laid for supper, a cheery copper spitting and hissing on the hob, with a view to *8 nightly-glass of whiskey-toddy, and a tearful woman almost ready to go into hysterics on her land's shoulder. )h, Jack, what a fright you have given me ! " |cried, smiling at him through her tears. " I jht something had happened." Something has happened," he answered, looking >usly round. " Where's, my brother ? " Tour brother ?J' Tes, Fan. Come, no larks. You're hiding him, kow ? " Groman stared at her husband in sudden Could he, the soberest of men, have been ring P That was hardly possible. Yet, what Irunkenness or sudden lunacy could account for ild demeanour ? [Fanny, for God's sake, tell the truth. My brother ] is here, isn't he ? " )h, Jack, do you think I'd deceive you ? There's mortal been here this night. What has put poor brother into your head? I daresay he's and gone, poor fellow, years ago. You'd have fd of him if he were still alive " [Fanny, don't!cried John Groman, dropping a chairr " I've seen him to-night. He came to me on my birthday. I was to have brought home to you, and we were to be so happy to ler." [ere John Groman broke down. He laid his bead inst his wife's honest heart, and sobbed aloud. [ John, dear John, why should you be so frightened it him ? He'll be here presently, I daresay. Tell all about it, how it happened, and where you him,; and everything. You'll feel happier after 've told me," concluded the little woman, with as ionising an air as if she had been the goddess of lom. ahn Groman told his tale briefly, and in a tone was almost despairing. [is wife thought the circumstances were queer, pretended to make light of it. [Perhaps he intended to play you a trick, dear," said, soothingly. " You know he was always [, I've heard you say so. Or, perhaps some of his sompanions got hold of him, and would not let keep his appointment with you." [That's what I fear most of all, Fanny. My fixer's old , companions were a bad lot. I have ' 3r reason to know that. And to-night he carried ierfcy about.;with him worth a thousand pounds, [ven hdp^Mm if he has gjt among his old com lonsjf Something bad will come of it." [W%> John, what a raven you are. Come, cheer [dear. I've got you such a nice little supper, a ilar birthday supper —a boiled fowl and oyster pe." ;V )hn Groman was not in a mood to be consoled by and oyster sauce. He rnad/e a pretence of eating ^upper to please the " littles woman." Then he sent to bed with a kiss and a cheery word, and when I had gong he opened the shutters, drew up the 1, and let the light of fire and candles shine out thisi dark windy road. There was only along of garden; between the footpath and the parlor lows.; "i'Jr'V he comes, he shall see the light, and know that waiting up for him," said John; Groman. waited till the candles took a sickly hue in the March daylight; waited till the shrill cry of |lk below " sounded in the cold morning street, the industrious little maid-of-all-work came down >pened the house-door, and shook out her dusty and set vigorously to work with a clattering j and a lump of hearth-stone. Mrs. Groman was [usekeeper who required extreme neatness and fsion in all her domestic arrangements ; and the was wont to brag of Rose Cottage as a model ing, where you might have hunted all daylong for a spider or a cockroach, and where a cobweb would have been more astonishing than a ghost. {To be continued.) 