fundau School Beddon. 4J Sunday- Outlines and Notes on the Lessons from the school Teacher, in advance. THE CONVERSION OF LYDIA, FEBRUARY 10.—AFTERNOON. Reading, Acts xvi. 11-24. Golden Test, Ver. 14. PAUL'S JOTJBNEY. In response to the call from the heathen themselves, Paul crossed the sea into Europe. The voyage accomplished very quickly, the wiud in their favour. God's servants often sent long journeys to save a single soul—Peter to Cornelius, Philip to the Eunuch. In the present instance very remarkable. Paul prevented by the Holy Ghost staying in Asia to preach (Acts xvi. 6), by which means he met with Lydia, who had come to Europe for the purposes of trade, although her home "Was Thyatira. Phillippi first stopping place. Roman colony; few Jews; city adorned by Philip of Macedon, and called after his name, but very idolatrous. In places where the Jews were few in number, and could not build a synagogue, they met in rude enclosures, built of stone, erected in retired spots, generally by the side of water. To such a place God directed the steps of Paul—to a prayer-meeting, held by a few devout women. The expressions " wont" and " resorted " (ver. 13), implies that they met in their regular and customary way. Lesson : Means of grace do not save a soul, but prepare it for God's blessing. " Draw nigh to G-od, and He wiU draw nigh to you" (James iv. 8). In this prayer meeting there was a sincere worshipper of God, who needed further instruction. God lias His eye upon such (Acts x. 35; Mai. iii. 16). THE SIEST FRUITS OF EUROPE. First fruits are precious, because they are an earnest of the harvest to follow. In Mosaic law they were presented to the Lord (Lev. xxiii. 10-17). Paul " sat down and spake." He sowed the Gospel seed. It fell upon one heart prepared of the Lord. Whose ? That of Lydia, the purple seller. God had the key to her heart. He first led out of it all hindrances to the reception of the Gospel, then filled it with love to Jesus Christ the crucified One. Lydia underwent a change of mind and heart towards Jesus Christ, or was converted. Henceforth she worshipped because she loved Christ, not from mere custom. PBOOFS OF LYDIA'S CONVERSION. 1\. Confession of her faith by baptism. 2. Gratitude to God shown in giving hospitality to His servants. " I was a stranger, and ye took me in" (Matt. xxv. 35). 3\. Humility: was not proud of her generosity, but urged it as a proof of her faithfulness to the Lord. Lydia bore the fruits of a disciple. The world will not believe in our conversion if the proofs are wanting. The new birth must show new fruit. " So let our lips and lives expresB The Holy Gospel we profess." AN ATTACK TJPOK THE KINGDOM OF SATAN. Where ? In a poor girl who, under his sway, was very clever as a fortune- teller. People paid money to receive her answers, supposed to come from the oracle of Python or Apollo. 1. Paul regarded the whole of it as Satanic influence. The spirit knew Paul. Similiar instance at Ephesus (Acts xix. 15). 2. Paul disowned all alliance with the powers of darkness, and in the name of Christ commanded the departure of the spirit. Result (ver. 18), Paul magnified, but employers enraged; apostles imprisoned upon false charges. APPLY.—1. Before starting out to attend Sundayschool or God's house, prayer should go up that the Lord would open our hearts to receive the truth. Remember we may, like the Jews, become " truth receivers" or "truth rejecters." 2. God's blessing on His word often hindered in the young by inattention, trifling, or a pre-occupied heart. Let your prayer be •.— "With thoughts of Christ and things Divine Fill up this foolish heart o£ mine." 