THE ESSAYIST. Day-Dreamers. How easy i- Is to step across the borderline I:c'«esn fact and fancy! So contiguous do t! =! two worlds lie, nay, have go much in that often it is difficult to die t i galsb the denizens of the one from those «ii the other. Effie and Jeanie Deans, David Ccpperfield, Becky Sharp and CoIoEel New- come, Adam Bede and Dorothea Brooke, do they dos seem living, breathing entities to us? Tiiey are not like those musty figures an Charles Lamb's exquisite essay,. Dream Child ten,' thai in his vision, while he was still a gazing, grew fainter to his view, re ceding and td.l receding till nothing at last but two mournful features were seen in the uttermost distance, wbioh, without speech, Etrangely impressed upon him the effects of speech : — We are not of Alice, nor of thee, ncr are we children at all. We are nothing, less than nothing, and dreams. We are only what might have been, and must wait upon the tedious shores of Lethe niilions of ages before we have existence and a name.' All of us, at times, wander into dreamland, impelled, as Warton writes, by 'imagina tion's all commanding wand.' Sometimes the world of reality grows so cold and so hard to us, so full of the thorns and briars of sorrow, that it seems like an anodyne to a racked frame' to escape from things as they are to what they might have been. The Present is lost in an ideal Past, out of which is evolved as ideal a Future. What cares the dreamer that the work-a-d&y; world appears all the duller, and the greyer, and the darker, when he is compelled to leave the flowery tracts of Fancy for thoee of Fact? Ho is like the opium cater who seeks oblivion for the moment regardless of the imm neot reaction. ' Of all sad words of tongue or pen, The saddest are these, it " might have been." ' ein$s Whittier in his pathetic ballad of ' Maud Miiller.' But the poet errs in his psychology. It is CcE the 1 might have beens ' that are fraught with sorrow, but the dreary v resent as contrasted with them. The might have beens' carry us into a realm delicious as that described in Thomson's Castle of Indolence,' where the year is ever 4 a season atween June and May, half- pranked with spring, with summer half- imbrowned where there is ' nought around but images of rest ' — 'a pleasing 'and of drowsy-head, Of dreams that wave before the half-shut eyes, And of gay castles in the clouds that pass.' We inhabit a world where ws have com mitted no faults, been led into no sins or extravagances ; where care has no place, and misery no seat; whera there is no regret for lost opportunities, since such opportunities bave never been missed ; a land of forgefcfni- hesa such as that of Tennyson's 'Lotu- eaters a land, in very truth, where tne wicked hive ceased from troubling, and where the weary are at rest. It is the goblin-like have beens ' that come to us pain-laden, that bring us sharply back int ) > ce dreary world of to-day, where, in contrast with the ci>er picture, a.T our sins and mistakes sectn blazoned in letters cf firo on adamantine pillars of remembrance. Alas for us when the Stone cf Oblivion is rolled away from the Cave of Memory ! How many ghosts cf wasted possibilities fleck out t> harass us, as in the Fseria Qaeene ' the evil dreams of Arehisnage haunted Una and the Bed Cross Kuight. Day- dreamers naturally resolve themselves into two great classes, the retrospective and \- the prospective. The former class dwells in the past, the iatter in the future. The retrospective dreamer in too many cases has been a failure, either social, commercial, moral, or intellectual. He recognise this, as well as the futility of further effort ; and as he cannot live over his life again in reality, he does so iu :.&ncy.; He repairs all his errors, tears f r jn him all his eb s, and in his mind's eye stands before himself aid an imaginary world idealised into a ptifeot man. He is the greatest living member of his species — that solitary superlative.' as George Elio: eays, with ail her apt felicity of epiibet, which creation has neveryet beheld AH t' a;, he has undertaken has prospered, ad has 1 -en richly recognised by a world that ji-:s a' j is feet. Whatever there be great, or grand, < r noble in hcoiaaiiy is an attribute of hi« i-.narscter. Hs is in AristidcS in justice, a t >ir Galahad iu purity, a Soorates in wisdom m Bajard in noble courtesy; he is the worshipped oi men, Ihe idol of women No longer is he an eu'easi of Nature — 4 the Wretched thrall of bitter, dropping sweat, of Fuel ry pain, of cares that eat away the hf art with gall, compelled to fawn on upstart St tune, to Eubmit to all the insolence cf « a ce, to 'sell fair honour for some paltry r-. ucds ' The Cave of Recollection ir n«tely se:.ltd by the Stone of Oblivion, r.d in imagination he eDjoys a pure, ethereal «- ;m that knows no storm, sitting Eopreme, ke Jupiter Olympus — > 4 Above the reach of wild ambition's wind And all the passions that this world deform.' 7Io has reconstructed the world, and is him j e: i the grard central figure in it. But stay ! Even while he dreams, behold the Spirit of Appointment gliding up to the Stone of ivion. It shakes, it moves, it rolls back 'fjin its station; and out of the Gave oi Memory issue the awful Spirits of that B aI v 1'iet Wbofe existence .the dreamer had for g: fcten. Aisck-a- day ! -H w lowering is li,i< iv w, how hcpelees, how purposeless ! All if htk Cimmerian darkcee?, out of which t'l ;e cocoeib ho c y of Eothen, 'To the looming,' to kindle one spark of expectakn Tie prospective dreamer is generally a yrutb, who has all the world before him; tlu student full of intellectual ambition, who 1 as not yet realised with Gaildenstern 'the very substaucQ of the ambitious i\ rr.< re'y the shadow of a dream ;' the yourjg w .-rr or aflame with martial ardour, who ha-> yet to find that the reputation he seeks at I iie « annon'S mouth is but a bubble; th you! g poet eo intent on the pureuit of the you ft ladies of Parnassur, that he sneers at j.03 Eobert Lloyd's lines — 1 The harlot muse, si passing gay, Bewitches only to betray'— ! by ft Silencti'fi poetastw ! whom failure had soured. These, and ot iere, are the prospective dreamers, whom their ambition leads to construct hn imaginary world in the Future, radiant wiih all the colours of romance, awaiting their approach. How susceptible are their" hearts to all out ward impressions, and how readily does the baseless fabric of their vision5? rise at the recital of stimulating talcs of individual greatness ! From them, as Mark Akenside writes in bis Pleasures of Imagination, ' the dreamer — 1 oft resolves ' To frame he knows not what excelling things, And win he knows not what sublime reward Of praise and wonder.' By the Promethean nreativenc-ss of fancy he braafches life iuto this shadowy world ; with the wand of Prospero he summous attendant spirits from the vasty deep to contribute to his greatness. To him the scenes throush which he passes with each recurrence become more and more probable. Reality becomes unreality, and the unreal the real. Step by step the dreamer advances through the misty atmoephere of bis dream? to a pinnacle of unheard of greatness, the cynosure of the world's eye, when, crash ! this dull gross eirth overthrows the cloud-capped towers of his visions with some rough matter-of-fact remonstrance on sloth, and the dreamer awakes to find that he is m nowise different from his plodding fellow-msn, but is merely, as Prpepero says, ' Sach stuff a? dreams are made dn.V'Like Alnascber in the . Arabian Nights,' >=y his idleness the day- dreamer kick 8 over the basket of glassware that m'gbt eventually have brought bitn to wealth and greatness. Taa ' Caoica of Harcuief.5 finds a fitting exemplification in the difference between the benefits promised by imngination and thoee by the cultivation of IntiHect. Tiie former holds forth the inducsmcot of a flowery, sun lit, romance-timed journey, through rcanes gorgeously unreal, to poverty and ultimate incapacity for sustained exertion. The latter freely declares there is no royal road to learning, that the path of knowledge is steep End rocky, and beset with many obstacles, but that each day's journey along it r6ndtrs travelling more easy, until at leug h the psl grim reaches — 4 by slow degrees by more and more The highest summits of his time 5 It is but a truism to state that day-dreaming and aerial castle-buiiding is utter enervation to ills inteliectusi faculties , since it holds out nothing real c-r tangible ss a' reward for con- staut'j w.miering through fancy's mazes Mental Eyiouieanisii, or the belief that 'virtue sure i? but repose of mind,' ;i is b.en the iuin of many nf the gran lest m'ti- lects -f ;:ur world — a C'-Heridg-, a Sohopeu- haaer a Dj Q sincey. Only i.i the stem round ;.f that duty which, though ut firet h rd, eventually becomes pleasant, can a safe escape be secured fn.'m the carfi3 and sorrows of life- an esc ;p:j. with which the mind itself will be satisfied as it fulfils the great grand Scrip tural inculcation, 4 Whatsoever thy band findeth to do, do it witu all thy might.' 