Vespernal Varieties. By Vespebugo. k Quicquid agunt homines, vobam, Umor. ira, rotuptes, ^^ Cf audio, discursus, nostricst farrago Ubelli. ^^k ****** ^^^^MBre is a good tale told of an ancient dame ^^^HTwhilst lamenting her forgetfulness of the ^^^^^L tongues, declared that although at one ^^^fte was well acquainted with the Latin ^^^^?E every flower extant, still she haa tor ^^^^^nll save two, and these two were the ^^^^^Khaed Delirium Tremens, andi the lowly ^^^^^ora Boreatis. The Hon. Mr. Stewart, ^^^^^Vould appear to be a lineal descendant ^^^^H}ld lady's, and to have now completely ^^^^Blittle Latin learning1 which at one time ^^^Vher brilliant family. Therefore, Mr. ^^^Bt protests against the use of any language ^^^Ve English within our senate walls. This, ^^^Kirse, most effectually gaps the Hon. ^^^Bes Campbell, as it is an evident impossibility ^HThat gentleman to call for even a plate HPsoup -without quoting Thucydides or one Iw the Holy Fathers ; but, whilst so bravely stand ing up for, and insisting on. the correct use of the grand old tongue in -which a Chaucer, a Milton, and a, Shakespeare Bang, is Mr. Stewart) quite certain that he is not virtually silencing one-half of his brother legislators ? Patting I* plainer still, is he perfectly sure he is not making a S»g to bind even, his own jaws ? ' English a» A» » spoke' by coma honourable members is by bo means calculated to inspire an unbounded admira tion for onT mother tongue, and it is a matter of some doubt a* to whether it -would not; be better for many of our senators to uw «ven dog Latin than their present ' pigeon' English. As a matter of fact, very many of our legislative orators might as -well talk Chinese, or use the dialect peculiar to the Si-li-ba-boo Islanders as the peculiar parlance they use at present, for tkey start off without having the slightest idea of what they are ftberrt to say, and subsequently ait down in atfcer ignorance of the subject of their profound oration. Mr. 'Stewart's foolish reuiart would eeem to have been purposely made in order to illustrate a.nd emphasise the truth of Mr. Camp bell's previous quotation from the cynical Tacitus, Quanto plura — I beg Mr. Stewart's pardos, the English of it is ' The more I revolve in my mind the tranaaofcioBs of the moderns or the ancients, the more eonspieueus appears the absurdity of .Human aaairs in every poms or view ; or, m other words, Mr. Stewart, it is astonishing with how little ?wisdom the world is governed. Per haps yeu Jaeve remarked the same thing your self. ****** Spiritualiam will die a hard death, — if it ever does die — for after all there is s, sovpeon of spiri tualism running through all religions : and few of us are so sceptical as not to believe in some kinds of spirits — especially in those which in habit square bottles holding about a quart. Sow ?fehat Professor Bald-win is on fch-3 warpath here, I ehould be sorry to say anything in favour of the ehadowy cable communication with the Stygian shore ; but here is one little item which is worthy of- passing notice. It appears that a eaiect circle of table-thumpers and banjo-bangers were re cently seaking1 raidaijrht information from the Lxnd of the Great Unknown, when & frisky old shade came along and introduced itself as the spirit ef Lord Palmeraton. ' Do you wish to com municate with ns ?' inquired the boss medium. ' I does,' roplied the ghost of Para ; and thon ifc tknxnped out the following portentous anagram : — THE 4 5 6 EIGHT EOS OC11ABLE S6 1 10 8 19 12 18 S3 24 37 20 3 16 33 17 Wit, L I A II SWART GLADSTONE f U 14 15 22 IS 3 39 11 21 25 S3 SO 31 32 34 35 26 27 20 28 'Transpose that lot,' continued the shade, ' in the order denoted by the figures placed under . each, and you will find the substance of an of t Quofced remark made by myself while in. the flesh/' His Lordship then observed that he thoupht Sweet Wiiliam was let down light for the Melbourne Cup this year; and that 'they wanted rain badly over there,' after -which he cleared, and took the solution of his puzzle with him. It is easily worked out however, and Lord Sandolph Churchill declares it is well worth the trouble. # # * # # # # It is the . common taunt of those who know nothing at all, or ex-en less, about the matter, that the Australian blackf ellow holds a very back eeat in the way of intelligence ; a'nd, in fact, that he knows no more of the ways of the -world than a Madagascar monkey does of the new Land BilL This might have been the case when Captain Cook was a tow-headed little urchin running about in &B; the pomp and circumstance of a dirty face and & clean ' pinny ;' but & change haa come o'or the spirit ©i our darkies' dreams since then. The fact is, oar black brudders are smartening up considerably ; and there is every probability that some of them will «tg long be quite ? eligible to fill the leading positions in the iand, ram as Lord Bishoprics, ponnd-keaperships, and : perhaps the highest poet of ail, viz., the Patriarchal Bnllship of the Royal Antediluvian Buffeloe. Anyway, I have read that there is in the Milton district a dusky Bapoael named ?* Mick«y' — hind name unknown — who is a per fect genius, and a prizetaker too, in the delight ful art of pencil drawings. Th» old aboriginal theory that when a. blackf ellow ' tumbles down' he jamps.up ' white pfeller' is therefore alto gether -wrong. In point of fact it is the ofeher way about, and when a gifted white man dies he returns to earth, bouud in, black Eiorocco. Ergo, Milton Mickey is simply a resurrected copy of that other illustrious Mickey, the immortal Mr. Angelo. En passant, now that retrenchment is the order of the day, it would be a happy thought to teach the crayon art to all our blacking bottle brudderu, because whenever they, becoiae pos sessors 'of a sheet of paper and a piece of burnt stick, they can then ' draw' their rations and Government blankets also. As it is at present thpy can't. Mr. Fine-art Combes might make a note of that lot. * * ir it i * Apropos of our lords of the soil, the following fact clearly proves that their perspicacious powers are by no means contemptible, or, as the Swan of Avon would say 'they know what's what' when ever it suits their book to do so. A few months ago, a North Queensland storekeeper being on his way to Brisbane for medical advice, touching a bad case of heart disease, stayed at a certain station to' have tea with the overseer, and during the course of the meal the poor fellow suddenly dropped dead as he was negotiating his jjiece of salt horse and damper. The usual crowd of station hands, niggers, 4tc, -were around at the time, but sad events like this booh blow over in the bush, and the unfortunate storekeeper was most carefully forgotten until one evening last week when the boss noticed a grinning blackf ellow clad in the cool and convenient costume of Adam ?before the Fall standing in the doorway. ' Hello (Cumbo/* shouted the overseer, ' Whafs up with you to-day ?' Then creeping cautiously np with a cat-like tread, Mr. Cumbo bent down and whispered, 'Mass'r, you got *im any more that stuff ? Tou know— all same you make 'im that white pfeller Nerangie boss tumble down ?with ? You gib Cumbo liddle bit — blenty work for you bitne by. Me want 'im JVIulga Tommy's gin, an' baal that pfeller gib her, so me want it make 'im tumble down too like 'im you make ^erangie man dhree moons ago/' This plainly shows that all Mr. Cumbo requires is a black satin shirt, a soprano voice, and the run of a chemist's shop to be a second edition of the great Lucr#zia Borgia. * A Jt 4t * dfc One of the most thriving social and philan trophical institutions in this city of sorrrow, sin, and sweat to-day is that of the Order of the Boyal Antediluvian Buffalos. Contrary to the general opinion, the Buffs are not a crowd of walking whisky cemeteries who congregate in cozy parlours solely for the Bake of sur tounding the cup that cheers and does in toxicate most confoundedly ; but they are an assemblage of sturdy, honest citizens, who band themselves together in bonds of love and friend ahip, and who are thoroughly alive to the truth of what the old Greeks, way back in the bygone days, declared, viz., that in nothing does mac so nearly resemble a god as when he stretches forth Ms band ltd Jasist a felloy-creature. 'The' bead of the Buffalos— the patriarchal bull of the herd SO $0 apeak— for the ensuing six months is Host Thatoher,, who a few nights ago, was elected Grand Primo by an overwhelming majority of one vote. This, by the way, is a far higher dignity than most outsiders would imagine. Jupiter himself was once a buffalo bull for his loved Europa's sake, and Nebuchadnezzar went on all fours, and lived on prairie grass and Bathurst burrs for seven years in order that his name might be handed down to posterity as the boss buffalo of the period. The use, not the abuse of the good things this earth pro vides i3 one of the principal maxims of the craft to-day, and as it 'is impossible to be a good Buffalo without being a good citizen _ as well, it is to be sincerely hoped this deserving institution will long continue to wax strong and prosper. If it does not, it will be no fault of the new Grand Primo's for his soul's in the cause, and as a G-.P. he is a very Samson with all his hair on. Hark th' alarm bell ! awful sound, 'Warns around: Flames red as blood the skies array ! Bad contrast to the glow of day : What a tumult through tlie town ! Hope has flown : Through the streets dense vapour rushing Q Out the houses are is gushing ; - All in desolation hushing ! J ?Air as from a f ornace blowing ; Death his tombs with victims stowing; Eoof« are fallimg — crash replying '' ^ Mothers ihrlekinjj— children crying ; - Creatures yollinr — crashed asd dying ; J All Is nprosr, linrry, flight ; l-i?kt as day tfa» horrid night ; * Numbers ran, full buckets bringing, Water flinging- ; 8om« with engine w»ter throwing, When the fius« on hieh is growing ; Still, ct£L! it spreads in frightful form ;. The texiput feeds it, and it drink* the storm. - The above lines -wore written by one Schiller, a poet, who eame from his ledge one night just in tim* to see his uninsured house turned into a splendid bonfire, and the energetic firemen, of the time busy saving his pier glasses. Paling pi&nos;, and other triakete by throwing them out of the fourth story windows. ? Ona of the mo.st annoying sensations & man can feel is to.be roused out of a sound sleep about 2 a.m. by an officious galoot banging bricks at his front door and yell ing oat the cheerful intelligence that the house ig on fire at both ends, and the flames are -just searching out for a soft spot before starting ope rations on the middle. This being tfce case, there it nc institution thai should be more libe rally supported, and more rigorously watched over, than that of a 3re brigade. * * . # # a * Unfortunately, however, it has always been a matter of sheer impossibility to get our different brigades to wcrk in harmony together. David ana Jonathan and Damon and Pythias have always been held up as the brightest examples of model friends cm record. The secret of their friendship lies in the fact tii&t; they never bor rowed laoneyfrom oat- is ether, and neve? joined opposition fire brigades. Taking them ' by and large,' R3 the sailers aay, tfca majority cf our Sydney firemen are brave willing rr.en ; and it is, therefore, a matter for congratulation to find that steps are being taken to bring the different com panies together, so tbat they may work a.3 one harmonious whole. Hules have already been drawn up and published is. that side-splitting publication called tbe Govsensiext Gazette. This is step tbe first ; and, in order to make the matter an undisputed sacceBs, tbe nest step should be to burn part of these rules by the hands of the eommon hangman. T/has else could reasonably be done to a rula which says, ' Under no circumstances will a licensed victualler, or a person convicted of felony or misdemeanour be allowed to remain or to be enrolled in any com pany.' I have never heard of anything to equal this since the good old days when a notice was posted in front of the Botanical Gardens, Brisbane, saying, ' No dogs or soldiers will be admitted.' We have publican-firemen here who are a credit to the city, and the facfc of coupling respectable persons, following an honest calling, in the same list as convicted felons., is a gratuitous insult to the intelligence of ihe whole community at large. If tbe Fire Brigades* Board oan give us notiiiEg better than 'this, the next best thing the members thereof can do is to fasten a lot of broken bottles, on their heads and hire themselves cutby tbe year as back walls for our lunatic asylums. 