OOHOLTJSIOK. To eay that there; was a " sensation " would feebly describe what followed. Every one in court "sprang to his feetj^The prisoner looked as if he had seen a ghost. There was a perfeot hubbub of voices, as bar and Jury talked among themselves, and my brethren at the solicitors' table poured'questions upon me, to none of which Ixeplied. Silence bong restored, the voice of the judge—grave and dignified, but with a perceptible tremor—descended like vocal oil oh the troubled waves of sound. " Who instructs you, Mr. Clincher? " " Mr. Bentley, my lord." The judge looked more astonished than ever. My name was familiar enough to him as a judge, and he had known it even better when, as a leading barrister, he had held many a brief from me. I am persuaded," said he," that a gentleman of Mr. Bentley's repute and 'experience has good reason for what he does. But so extraordinary and unheard-of I will ask Mr. Bentley himself if he really considers that duty requires him to offer himself as a witness, and when and why he came to that conclusion ? " " My lord," I replied, " I am certain that, believing what I had cause to believe within the last five minutes, I should be greatly to blame if I did not testify on oath to certain facts_ which are within my own knowledge. But if the.prisoner chooses to cali me as a witness, your lordship will presently understand why it is that, -with all submission, I cannot at this moment, or until I am in the . box, give my reasons. And I must add that the value of my evidenoe to the prisoner will greatly depend on his answers to certain questions which I wish, with your lordship's sanotion, to put to him in writing. And if he answers me as I expect, I believe my evidence will put an end to the case against' him." " Beally, gentlemen of the jury," said his lordship, " this matter Is assuming a more and more remarkable aspeot. I hardly know what to say. That a prisoner on trial ior his life should answer questions put to him in private by the prosecuting solicitor is the most^extraordinary proposal, I am bound to say, which ever came under my notice. It is the more difficult for zne to decide because the prisoner has not the advantage of counsel's assistance.—Prisoner, is it your wish that this gentleman should be called as a witness on yotkr behalf? You have heard what he has said about certain questions which ; he wishes to put to you beforehand. Of course rou'are not bound to answer any such - quesions, and may nevertheless call him. What do you say?" " I am in God's hands, my lord "answered the prisoner, who was quite calm again. It may be that He was raised up a deliverer for me—I cannot telL But I know that if'He wills that I should die, no man can Bave me; if He wills to save me, nought can do me harm. So I am ready to answer any questions the gentleman wishes." "I propose," said the judge, "before deciding tms extraordinary point, to consult with the learned Beisorder In the next court." All rose .as the judge retired; and during his absence I, escaped the questions which assailed me from every side by burying myself In a consultation withmy counsel. When he heard what the reader knows, he fully upheld me in what I proposed to do; and then threw himself baok in his seat with the air of a man whom nothing eould ever astonish again. - - " Si-lence!" cried the usher. The judge' was returning, \- f'l have decided," said he, "to allow the questions to be ^ut as Mr. Bentley proposes. Let them be written out and submitted tb me for my approval." I- sat down and wrote my questions, and they were passed up tp the judge. As he read them, he looked more surprised wan ever. But all he said, as he handed them down, was, " Put the questions." I walked up to the dock and gave them into the prisoner's hands, together with my pencil. He read them carefully through, and wrote his anB wers slowly and with consideration. With the paper in my hand, I got into the witness-box and was sworn. ; My evidenoe 'was to the effect already stated. As 1 described the man l had seen under the lamp, with my face averted from the prisoner and turned to the jury, I saw .that they were making a careful coinparisbn, ana that, allowing for the change wrought by twHve years, they found that the description tallied closely with the man's appearanoe. I produce this paper, on which I just now wribte certain questions, to whioh the prisoner wrote the answers under my eyes. These are tin questions and answers: V' Question: Were you smoking when you .came up to the corner of Hauraki-street ? — Answer: No. " Question : Did you afterwards smoke ?— Answer: I had no lights. " Question: Did you try to get a light ?— Answer: Yes, by climbing a lamp at the oorner; but I was not steady enough; and I remember I "broke my hat against the crossbar. " Question: Where did you carry ypur pipe and tobacco?—Answer: In my hat. " Those answers," I concluded," are absplut^^ttMtin every particular. The man whpm l-tew^der the lamp, at dght o'plock denoe ( have felt bouiid to 'tender." Axtdl handed the slip bf paper to the usher lot inspection by the jury. ; " Prisoner," inquired the judge, " do you call any other witness ? " " I do not, my lbrd." " Then, gentlemen," said the jadge, taming to the jury, " ihe one remark that I shall make to yoa is this—that if you believe the story of the prisoner's witness, there can be little doubt but that the prisoner was the man whom the'witness saw at the corner of Hauraki-street at eight o'clock on the night in question; and if that was so, it is blear, oh the case of the prosecatipn,thathe cannot have committed this murder. I should not be doing my duty if I did npt point out tp you that the witness in question is likely, tb say the least, to be without bias in the prisoner's favor, and that his evidenoe Is very strongly corroborated indeed by the prisoner's answers to the written questions put to him. Gentlemen, you will now consider your verdict." "We are agreed, my lord," said the foreman. " Gentlemen of the jury," sung out the dark of arraigns," are yoa all agreed upon your verdict ?" * u ^g Are." " And that verdiot is ? " "Not guilty-" " And that is the verdiot of you all ?" "It is." There followed a burst of "cheering whioh the usher oould not silence, but whioh silenoed itself as the judge was seen to be BpeaMng. "John Harden—I am tluinkful, every mas in this court is thankful— that your trust in the mercy ana power of the All-merciful and All-powerful - has not been in vain. You stand acquitted of a foul crime by the unhesitating verdiot of the jury, and most wonderful has been your deliverance. You go forth a free man j and I am glad to think that the goodness of God has been bestowed on one who has repented of his past sins, and who is not likely, I hopeand believe, to be unmindful gf that goodness hereafter. You are disabused." Had he been?left to himanif, I think the prisoner's old mastfer would have climbed into the dock, with the View of personally deliver- ing Ms servant out of the house of-bondage. Bat he: was restrained by a sympathetic constable^ while John Harden was re-conveyed for a short tims to the gaol, to undergo oertain necessary formalities connected with his release from custody. £ volunteered to take charge of Mr. Slocum,^and took him to the vestibule of the prism, overwhelmed during the Bhort walk - by. thanks and praises. We were soon joined by Harden, whose meeting with his master brought a lump into the throat even of a tough criminal lawyer like myself. I saw them into a cab, and they drove off to Mr. Slocum's 'hotel, after promising to call on. toe next' day, and enlighten me on - certain points asto which I was still inthe dat As strange a part of my story as anj, ; has yet to be told. I had hardly got baok to my office and settled down to read over the various letters whioh were awaiting my signature,' when my late client (Harden's prosecutor) was announced. I had lost 'sight of him in the excitement which followed the aoquittal. He did not wait to learn whether I -was engaged or not, but rushed after the clerk into my . room. He was ashen white, or r&ther-gray;, and his knees shook so that he could stmroely: stand; bat his eyes positively hlazed with wrath. Leaning over my table; he prooeeded, inthe presence.of the astonished cleric, to pour upon me a flood of abuse and invective pf the foulest kind. I had sold him ; I was in league with the prisoner. I was a swindling thief of a lawyer, whom he would have struck off the rolls, &o.; until I really thought he had gone out of his mznd. As sopn as I could get in a word, I curtly explained that it was no part of a lawyer's duty.to try and hang a man 1 whom he knew to be innocent. As he only replied with abusive language, I ordered hitn out bf the office. The office quieted itself once more—' being far too busy, and also too well accustomed to eccentric people to have time for long wonderment at anything—and in an hour I had finished my work, and was pre- - paring to leave for home, when anothar visK tor me announced—Inspector Forrester. " Well, Mr. Forrester, what's the matter now? . I'm just going off."' \- .->••' ^ " Sorry if T put you out of the way, eir; but I thought you'd like to hear what's hap* pened. The prosecutor in Harden's case has given himself "up for the murder!"' " What ?." I shouted. ; " He juBt has, «r. If s a queer day, this is. When Iheard you get up and' give evidence for the man you were prosecuting; I thought curiosities was over for ever; but seems they ain't, and never will be." *'How wasit?"; ''Well, he came into the ^station quite quiet, and seemed a bit cast down, htft that was alL Said fate was against hlin, and had saved the man 1 he thought- to hang in his- stead, and he knew how it must end, and couldn't wait any longer;; I cautioned him; pf course—told him ; tb' sleep on it before he said anything; 3>utmake a statement he would. Theshfcri^Of it all is, that the idea of murdering the old laSy for hermoney.had come SntA pfnfl jn a flash when he ; aaw that poor drunken fool ekhibiting his knife m ihe &veth.; Hie followed him, and picked his pocket of the knife, todthen hung about the house, meaning to get in after dark! 1 Then he saw lira 'girl come out and go off, leaving the. door closed bat not latched, the -c&reless; hussy 1 . Thai in slips the gentleman, and does. what > hp'd. made up 'his mind Jo-^or;yonViw jihd^M woman knewhim well, so he obifldn't. lificted to leave her alive—gets the cas)i, and slips out. All in' gold it was, two huncL^- ahd fifty pounds.' When .he heard that Harden. couldn't be found, he got unejuy m-mi; mind, and has been getting worse . ever onoe, though'he cCLd weU enough in-tride with'.die money. Seems he considered JEke-wasn't *a£e, until someone had been hanged. .So^iHiaB:: he reo6gnisedHar<ren,hewas zurtura^doira pn him at once, and was intensely^eagBrV£o get. him convicted—which I noticed Jnysel^ sir, as of course you did,imd thoaghtxt'tiiieer too, I don'tdoubt.He took ^mut^^pains, you.see—he must empley.ypu tomakebfertain, instead of leavin^it to .m ; wherea8rif he hacln't come to you, your eyidbnpe .would ; never have been giyen, and I think yon^l. aay nothipg could have saved the'^riobpegr."/.^... It was ,true enough. The wretbhed iman had Insured the failure of his owa fiendiah design by employing me, of, ail the solicitors; ;to whbm fae m'ghtihave gpne 1 ? . ' ^ I learned next morning, howLHarden^after trying in. vain tb light his plpb. on .^at: .memorable evening, had w^da^ipr iibiniB through the hard-heiaxted ; streets, r/UptSLpt: daybreak^he^^had^^foundluiii^^M^^^^i -looking at a-large 'ship 'preparing • to : drop r down the river with the tide... . Hew ^ haa. managed lo slip abroad unseen and fltow himself away in~ the hold, with some-idea of bettering his not over-bright - fortunes ;in.: foreign parts. How he had supported his life in the hold with stray fragments of biscuit, which he happened to have in his. pockets, until, after a day or two of yf&wy; beating about against baffling winds, _ when they were, out in midrchannel, the junul search for stowaways had unearthed him. How the captain, after giving him plenty of strong languageand rope's-end, had atlength agreed to fallow him to work as a aailor.^m - board! the vessel. ^ How on tending at Syd> MmBithanlhiB: OTO^^^^; himself eritMdy^witii his former. iife^T^iiiirfa' - honestly doing his duty had attained -hiB present position. •' . By the Ijteht of this narrative, that which. had puzzled me became perfectly bleu— namely, how it was that he had contrived not only to get so entirely lost in spite of the hne and cry after him, bat also to remain ia. ignorance of his aunt's fate. My client 'was tried, convicted, and ^executed in due coarse; hisplea of gaitty and voluntary surrender having no weight against the crael and cowardly attempt tar pat an innocent man in his place. •: When I last saw John Harden, he .was married to a serious lady, who-had been his. late master'shpusekeeper. and .was possessor of a prosperous general shop jn a country village, stocked by means of ..the money whioh Mr. Slooum had generously left him. 