Wr EdimuiAHo! Xb-anavq/ia Uoutier thus demolish? ? ghost story by the former Chief " the Supreme Court for China and i of republished to The Daily Tdegravh weeks ago : — a Ie Sir Edmund Hornby has succeeded, playing an amusing joke on the P, !; Society in the excellent ghost story 21 is published in the Nineteenth cJnS and it is still more amusing that u y ' already heard people here say that remember Sir Edmund's telling th?m story yrs ego. The story fi the, Lang, the former editor and pronrietn? t this journal (Sir Edmund does no? give name, but there is no doubt about itl 1 up into Sir Edmund's bedroom in the mS6 ofthe night, made Sir Edmund give him «, heads of a Judgment which he was at 6 deliver, and went away at half -past 1 folk morning, when Lady Hom> yoke un -Tj Sir Edmund told her what had oecurr?? When Sir Edmund got to the court in ?' morning, he was told that Mr. Lang C j died in the night, and in his notebook wer? found some Indecipherable shorthand noZ? presumably representing what he had tak? ' down while sitting on Sir Edmund's bed Here is a first-class ghost, vouched for the Nineteenth Century assures its read'JT by tbe late Chief Judge of the SupreS Court of China and Japan, who deccrib himself as " a lawyer by education, family and tradition, wanting imagination (he; Sir Edmund does himself a gross injustice) " and no b< liever in miracles " It i8 almost cruel to destroy such a beautiful storv An hentic ghost stories are so rare and so precious when authenticated as this one purports to be, that only the stern regard for truth, which is the immutable guide of tbe Shanghai Courier could induce us to destroy this pleaaW fiction. But we mast be eager to guard th« reputation of Mr. Lang, a man far too well educated and well mannered to allow even hut tfnnri; fn <ta intn » j_ i. i — Z n riT .? awcujttus oearoom when his wife was by his side, however im portant it might be to him to get the notes, of a judgment which he could not require to use until the following evening. Mark how a plain tale must put Sir Edmund down ! Mr Lang died suddenly about 9 o'clock k the morning of the 19th January, 1875 baling been in his office for nearly ai hour arranging the business of the day Sir Edmund Hornby did not deliver &nv; judgment either that or the fo lowing week, so that Mr. Lang could not have been anxious about getting the notes of what did not exist. "But," says the Nineteenth Century , " Lady Hornby has kindly confirmed the above facts to us, as far as she was cognisant of them." It is not an nnnsnal fViinrv wn t,„i; r .i . r . . ucuc>ei icr me gods to be asked " to annihilate both time and spaoe, to make two lovers happy;" 1 and in this case they must have been asked I successfully, because this ghost- walking, if it I occurred at all, occurred on the 19th January, I 1875, and Sir Edmund was not married to his present wife until the 29th April of the I same year, having been a widower for at least two years previously. A curious point I ifi.the story is that the ghost wrote short hand, while Mr. Lang did not ; but perhaps ghosts may master phonography more easily than mortals. After all we do not do so mnch unkindness in publishing these facts, -because to anyone who believes ghost stories, these physical difficulties only I enhance th© preciousne&s; of the narrative ; | but it is not quite safe to publish a ghost story when the alleged facts can be oon- tradicted by notices of deaths, marriages, and other judgments in a newspaper file. 