SOCIETY AND FASHION. A LADY'S LETTER FEOM LONDON. Sxpria The extraordinarily fine weather has so pro longed the newly-acquired habit of out-of door life in London, that the usual out-of season aspect of the present month is absent Thf FfPlrti*"M ">"tinng iw thronged all day, and in the warm, serene, still, and star lit evenings, squares and gardens are fre quented as though Jxmdon were Paris, and the parks have "their loungers, in pairs, in groups, in companies, until long past the boon! at which we have been accustomed to see any signs of life in thm. People ate talking of a delightful change in our climate, of hot summers, and " no winters to Signify," and to predict a renewal of those wonderful sunsets which may be said to have revealed the beauty of the sky to Londoners last year. We ahall see; in the meantiroe, we arenot ungrateful, we' enjoy our summer of St Martin to the utmost, and as the political interests of the time are pressing, aaafbrefen affairs have many aspects of importance, there is nodulness, no lack of stirring news to counteract the placid beauty of the " idle" season. The expedition to Egypt is regarded differently, according the views of those who | discuss it. leather that the general feeling among ecien tine and experienced men is against Lord Wolseley's plan, and that they are ap prehensive of its failure from the first, lie has again surrounded himself with his "fight ing and writing" favourites, who ma/ be trusted to load him with laudation, but who are not persons in whom the public, who will have to pay the tremendously heavy bill for the boats, the voyagtyra, the camel corps, and all the other novel and picturesque prepara tions for a deed of dash and daring which already looks very " bine" indeed in the pros pect, reel any great confidence. An engineer officer of sufficient authority to pronounce definitely, on the spot, as to whether the scheme of Lord Wolseley, who isnotan engi neer, for treating the Nile in the same way as he treated the Bed River (on, it is to be pre sumed the " Macedon ana Monmouth" prin ciple) can or cannot be carried oat would be much more reassuring to that" Nunky pay for- all" of the forgotten but ever appropriate caricature, than the brilliant special corre spondents and beaux tabrcurs who an the chief figures in Lord Wolseley's staff. There Is about the whole undertaking too modi of that " lieht-beartednem"which wag ao fatal to the Government of die French Empire in 1870, and especially so fatal to the cock-a hoop statesman to whom we owe the often repeated phrase-SL Em3e Ollivier. The immensity of the task that lies before England is becoming more and more understood by the English people, and the question whether Lord Wolseley's plan can or cannot be earned oat is asked with intelligenteagemesa, which certainly was not felt in the earlier stages of this portentous " Egyptian business." The telegrams which have at length come to hand from General Gonion iniwt upon! Zebehr Pasha's being sent to him, and create a fresh difficulty for oar Government by stating Gordon's intention of handing over the Soudan to the Saltan on the arrival of | 200,000 Turkish troopi If he is expecting: Turkish troops, and our Government wii i not j permit them to be sent, what n to be done?! rhe most satisfactory words in the message j are, " I disbelieve the report of the Mahdrs! coming." The attitude of France, as repre- i eented by die press, remains inveterately hostile to us on the Egyptian question; nothing can be more insulting than the tone j of La France which exults in our difficulties,' and the more moderate journals are hardly ] less inimical. | The meeting of the three Emperors at I Skieraievice is, naturally, the chief political and historical topic of the day, and it is! plainly the mot cTordre to beat this important' event as menacing to England. Onr domestic; politics and the Egyptian question are of such pressing mnhHtft just now, that we hardly think enough of the incident; bat4 there is a dramatic Bide to it which mast appeal to the imagination of alL i At that grand Imperial banquet where! sat the aged Emperor of Germany, the wretched Czar, and that iittieiapprecated Sovereign whose name shall live-when the mists of success and glory have been cleared away by time, and the work of each has been " tried," as the apostle declared all the works of all men shall be tried-as the perfect trpe of self- sacrifice, of duty nobly done, of a burthen well nigh intolerable carried with splendid courage and constancy, Francis Joseph of Austria-what an awful company of ghosts must have been present too, in importunate waiting upon the "princely per sonages." Since these Emperors last " fore* gathered" what tragic scenes have been enacted. The murder of Alexander IT., the attempt on the life of Francis Joseph, the perpetual threat suspended over the miser able wearer of the crown of all the Bassiaa, the crowded prisons, the bloody work of the executioners, the rained families, the widows and orphans, the agony and despair which are the price at which these crowns are worn the penalty of an exaltation which is fast losing its hold on the imagination of man kind, and can hardly, one must believe, have any wonderful attraction for thoee who pomsB H. Who could wonder if those three mortal men-one treading on the brink of the grave, wherein he must shortly lie, just the equal, and no more, of the meanest bit of "food Cor powder" that era lay un heeded on any of the battlefields over which he has looked since he was a lad; another, with eyes ever tuned cm a vision of Sadowa, and Maximilian's imperial ghost; the third, the most tragic personage in the world at present* and onlyJhe moreso because of his What if wehad read that such mtbor common decision; that Charles the Fifth had found three imitators, and the world most henceforth go on without the three Emperors. Newspapers would have a good deal to say; poets might find in the even tBome inspiration. A picture or two might be painted of the trip1" nf Twnnnriarion, nnt thi» world would wag pretty much as usnal, unless the heirs apparent woe of their fathers' wise way of thinking. To compare the florid accounts of the Bplendid equipments and the grand entertainments, the reception at Warsaw of the Emperor and Empress of Russia, the official mynnnte of the welcome accorded by the Poles to die Czar, with the letters of the special correspondents from Warsaw, and the lamentable record of the precautions taken to secure the life of the mighty sovereign who draws each breath of his life in terror of death, from he knows not what hfrnH, is to have a lesson enforced, which one may take as a philosopher or as a cynic, as ehoix. Your readera will have «een cm account of the precautions that were taken in Warsaw, where the inhabitants of all the booses on the Imperial route were forced to evacuate them, and where no one was permitted to approach the Imperial carriage within shooting distance-the carriage where the poor man and woman whom all Russia is supposed to worship, sat smiling with quaking hearts. Here is the dodfng incident of the papn-nnt, aa narrated yesterday in a telegram frofn Berlin"A. message arrived at Skiernievice on the Mth from Vienna, addressed to the secret police, advising them to a close inspection of the locambtuea in the station, aa it was believed dynamite was concealed in one of them. The fines of five locomotives were accordingly .(ex tinguished, and, on the coal bring unloaded, a general search ana made, bet nothing was found. All the officials in the Imperial trains were made to swear allegiance Jto fee Gear before being alk>wed,to epter WWttifieif duties. At all the viaducts along the mote to Skiernievice aappen cleared amy the aoQ to » depthof three feet around the supports, presumably ae a ^e caution against djpamite. If ther^.ia a aenae of Tmmour antobg the £ftP* if thin wnUw. waa, urrality, " more than * practical joke, bowl most be f"-' If these be a Nihil into' Punch, and it boasts a Tenniel. there ought to be a good cartoon of the adminifltratioa of the oath to thept&ers;, driven, and grade on tto^pbtfonn, while the train, which eotely ougbt to carer itslighta in human nTpnH«( awaited ita imperial freight of grandeur and terror. A tetter written from Warsaw to La France, states that although two trains, purporting to be Imperial trains, started from St Petersburg, in order to put the Nihilists off the acent, the Czar did not venture to begin hia journey in either of them, but travelled in plain clothes by *n ordinary mail train, in a conp6 engaged tor M. Hulin, a Belgian, and hia family, return ing to Brussels. One of tbe two Imperial trains was timed to reach a small atafeoiy two stations short of V9na, half an hour later than tbe mail train. At this station, IL Hulin, abandoning hia family and ma luggage, got out, and was picked up by the Imperial train. " Alexander IIL, says tbe writer of this letter, " follows the traditions of his father, who always sent off theimperi&l; train unoccupied, except by chamberlains, and travelled incognito in a following team. It was hia habit of not occupying the train prepared for him (bat uvea the life of Alexander Q. when Hartmfinn tried to JHOir him up on the Moscow railway." The hauntea life of the late Czar had an element of interest in it, that the equally haunted life of the present unhappy sovereign of Russia does not possess. Alexander ". ws® sociated with one really great historical achievement-the liberation of tiw sera Alexander liL has not sa vet afforded too least indication ofj ^ of .. kind whatever. Be aas nothing to wl®? 1 beyond a prettj taste in. nniiaans oBsanatcd umtin ot abottonT^'rvM crsehu* f**eti»ed bv few v-~ - «*1 ?^SMSSHg«Sa arma,nent penf^MiniutinticimMli V":ftr«?£" J^MTK^Sia ^SfaJk h" '"Win, ^denied that he occasioned by lug f^|i:__ to isajit. & ** "» «£v«g <>» "a«? *? .» s -« wjn^rrsw lsmeever-iasdnatinji CbfceaudeBlois; eicaraonaLave beeain&jj;| to Cbaamont, Amboise, and the a^nadtnrtll and reformatory settlement of Mettresr U1 Toom. Ko doebt many of r*n teaden ml familiar with these places of interest, aajl have studied Bloia in particatar. I kaTel always wgufci that oid totB-tUi " uv me valois and the! Bourbons, ita scenes of blood, treacbm, scij romance, its memories of Marie & Jisdidsl and its l^ter ceiei'rity ps fee iCSRcithel family flight of the Eonapartes, and the! actual place in which the " final pulverisa-l tion" o£ Kapoteon readied and scattered! them without a word « a thought for him-1 as extraordinarily interesting. Set ail the 1 prinuw aJ 3 \- - "winfr .XX fti) til*1 crimes of repair and restoration which have been committed there have been able to im pair its grandeur ot to dispose its recollec tions. Its terrace strarn* with the phantoms ol the past} like the fences oi St Ctoa4,ot Fontainebleau, ofHeidelberg; they hwtj It ana in J w swift rcvMtv--tiiosts of th* rr.L/ of Champagne, of pZASSA'jiSSit Sjs&*fes^£,g^ass' killed in the Usts?If fl^rini' gled br Jacques Clement; of Had IT killed by Rawaillac; of his safarninp win «n'fj J8 fCr^d Monarch, the Sun-king, who did the town the honour of bestowing its "«T° upon taiiatarddanehter, calling Loose de iaValliires^ Aifd Mademoiselle de Bloia Thither went Gaston of Orleans into" exile,' and there Dane de Poicaers reigned nntfl her legitimate rival dispossessed het One wonders That Catherine de ^ have thought amid Buggieri have shown her, in the magic mirror she was wont to mwH in that tetf buret winch the visitor mar freely enter now, a vision of her fat kins woman Manej in the character of the widow of the Beaniais (her own dreaded and hsied son-in-law, but the survivor and successor of all her fair sons), descending by a rope ladder from tbepedkxa height of the great carved balcony in her flight bom the hatred of Ionia XIIL to throw herself upon the charity of Peter Paul Rubens, the "prince punter " of Antwerp, who had driirwgfof her as a goddess a score ot times. One of tin finest picture-galleries in Fiance is at Bloia, I do not know whether it numbers among its treasures GerGme's famous pjctcie of the murder of the Doc de Guise and his brother, the Cardinal of Lorraine. The *rmr of the murder is sainted oat to all who vis* the chateau. Chambord is near Bfoi&. It tints bad a melancholy interest in its sksce, its emptiness; it always was hobwi msW j That impression would be deeper now, focthe j last of his race sleeps in foreign earth, and the Ch&tean; de Chambord, which wis bolt by Francis the First (in its great haii Moliere actedin "Le Milade Im^inaire"aiid "LeBonr geois Gentilhomme") and was bjaght by public subscription in 1S21 for the Due de Bordeani, the idolised enfant, de Prone*, has passed into the' possession of his nephew, the Dnke of Parma. The tradition of the old royal honse of France, which hang about its walls, has passed away for ever. On the 1st of October, the two-hundredth anniversary of the death of the great Cor neilie, the city of Konen will present a festive appearance, and, if the weather con tinues to be as propitious as it is at present a large influx of visitors from England may be frpw^ to witness the homage wbich_ hia native town will render to the memory oi the poet. There is to be a {Treat pcbiic mani festation," in which the authorities of Eonen and the department are to take part, ana a large number of distinguished vited. The exact date of the birth of Comeille is not known; his death cerefica states that he was "about" 78 years old. in La France the following. carina account oi his interment is givea:- He was St Rodi, in Par®, without a s^,^"Srr the cMffl^noaarto wn«n it ?*« to do honour, and whopo®e^ noreer«» places of bnnaL The m - neUle are said to tawe been w«gj be lected, blether with the ^^.^SnjiiMits. lSgto U» n?w which was demoli^rf mpW.F'X Bne de of the Boe de pastifiJione _andr which is to take the Paris, of^««U plays. andal«o'ofw®T®* .*®S^"r«narls: ances of " Camille and Chvm i ^ dra -"Corneille, in^<f 'dfed 70 matic power that %?^J?fS'0w more thw yearn before^-^M'means Mtf> ft present as in me auja .TPfrted to his heroines by the ^enipj oi Mdlle. RacheL He is, periia^s, s little too dignified for the impulsive and hysterica! tragidicRnts of the present day." , , The 'progress" pf Mt (fladetone jbroagh Scotiand was a brilliant one The slight ap ? 5- -HoirBdg OrBtteU abont hw inrjgO OUviuu 8^ength for the labours or U1C . iittle motis th&n; & Bxosith fbdidot bun, bus there Is e^eiy promtee of Ms bong quite ®®*l to the occasion, .^eOaart Theatre was reopenedhstnigoj wifl» New ]&b; and OldAcrou . I op8' teserre ta acooont of this rerira!, which pm several points of interest tor off t&* letter. 