CHAPTER VI. ON LAND ANS SEA. It was a very grand and stately funeral that fol- lowed Charlotte Dimisdale to tbe grave, and there was pomp (and ceremony, and plumes, and monrn er») enough to have graced the burial rites of an em- press. Tbe rabble had gathered there too, drawn out by the wide-spread notoriety of the case, end the avenues of the cemetery were blocked, and thronged and wedged in by people who bad known Mia Dim- isdale; people who pitied the beautiful belle, cut down so cruelly by a murderer's hand, and people who feasted on sensationalism and notoriety, and wanted to see, and know, and point out the spot where the assassinated lady lay ; to say nothipg of tjje.hepe that to-morrow's paper would »pte the fact th,at ;' Mrs. Sp and-So, and Miss Tbjs-^r-Tbat were conspicuous among the friends and mourners of the deceased." ' _,, j # JJ* was all over soon. ¡The coffin, ytilb its wreathes, and crosses, and ¿ifpwDB pf flowers had been lowered into the grave i " ashes to Babes" bad been said ; the clods of earth hpd been rattled down, and people had sobbed, and sighed, and moaned over the clay of {be woman who died with a lie on ber Ups, and the last sacred rite having bean administered, the last spadeful of earth ha-ing bean piled on, one by one they trailed their way out of the cemetery gates, end the grave was lonely now, save for two men who stood beeideLit-M the father who had lost ber, and the man whose life ber dying words had blasted. Very wan end haggard John Dimisdale looked in the yellow glow of the lading twilight, hut neither so wan nor so haggard as that other father standing there and asking himself if life had baan given bim /' - n i only to suffer, and eii?k, and die. He looked around bim and wondered if this was all that men lived for. The grain ripened bat for the sickle ; the nuts grew brown and sweet only to fal! and decay, and the leaves donned their robes of scarlet and gold only to shake them off for the seared and withered shroud of death. So were the bopeB, the dreams, the am- bitions of men fresh-born and offered up for the gilt* tering diadem of success-crowned only with the serpent-wreath of misery and despair, christened only with the wormwood and the lees-baptized butin the gall! For hope was dead within him now, and he looked upon the world through the spectacles of faith over" shadowed and dimmed. He glanced across the grave at John Dimiadale". face, and he saw that there were tears in his eyeBi "You weep, John," he Baid,softly. " God know. I wish I could ; but the well spring seems to bave dried up, and there is fire where there should be water. God pity me 1 but I would change place8 with you this day! Murdered, I could have mourned for Msdolin-but murdering, I loathe and despise her! Let bergo! I shall not seek her; I shall not track her down. She and I are done forever, (indi starving at my feet, I would drive her from me, with a curse, Hopes, ambitions, even revenge are over I leave her to her God !" There was no answer from the mm at the other side of the grave. His face was toward the dimming line of twilight, and bitterness was in his heart, " John," and Royal Karslake drew near, and laid his hand upon his shouler-" John, the world says Madolin murdered Charlotte because they both loved the same man, and the-the maid was jealous of her mistress, But it is not so. You know the shadow that came between-between-Hermonie Karslake and me." " Yes ; It was another man-a villain ! I heard the story vaguely, but you never told me of it ?" " Did you never hear his name ?" " Never." A pause, brief, y et eloquent even in silence, and then Rojal Karslake spoke again, " His name was Arthur Negwyn 1" he said, in a choking voice, and John Dimisdale turned upon bim with a gasping cry. " Powers of mercy ! Arthur Negwynl And she Madolin-Ob, no, no, no ! It cannot be the same ! This man is young/' <¡ "Yes-h's son!" Royal Karslake made reply. " You bave seen him, then f " " Once only. He looked a man of three or four and-twenty." Mr. Dimisdale said. " He might look that-young men often do but my reckoning stands that he ia eighteen. Well, the story of her mother's shame I told to Madolin on the night of our reunion. Ah I how well I understand now the horror on, her face, the terror in her eyes . But let it pass. I did tell her, and yet she went straight to his arms. By accident, Charlotte must have witnessed their wedding-if such a thing there ever wag-for she died before she could explain fully. Do you understate new what I mean P She murdered your child to keep the brutal truth from reaching me, and then, ftightened at her crime, she -bub-Ob ! may a father's curse wither and blast her to the end!-she'fled with bim to infamy and shame!" Gasping and low, his shuddering voice Hrokedown and there was that upon bis 'ace br i ht have shrank from. John Dimisdale did not speak and once again dead silence fell between them, A darkness had crept over the yellow glow in the wes- tern sky; out there, to the last, a ghastly little arc was struggling to rise into the purple sbadowB of the clouds, and then, silent, and somber, and softly, "Night drew her table curtain down, And pinned it with a star." " John !" and the voice was softer this time-" John, the world has nothing loft for us to live for now. My only hope^ my only wish is to get away to some secluded spot and live it to ita end." A pauie, and then : " John, will you share that lonely, childless home with me P" The reply was not in words ; it was only the firm, strong pressure of a band laid in his, and Royal Kars- lake was answered. The white lustre of starlight slept on the earth at his feet ; the soft fingers of the wind were in his bair, as on that other night, and once again there came before him the vision of that yellow twilight scene, and the lonely grave marked, " Madolin." Bat there was no shrinking, no shuddering now, Shame is over when the grave is closed, for man's bitterness goes not down into the tomb, and he only bowed his head and murmured : " It it better so-I would welcome it 1" And a great darkness crept before the face of the stars, and the moon paled above bim, # * ****** The last adieu had been said ; Mrs, Melissa stood in the doorway and watched the carriage roll down the winding lane ; George Washington had scram - bled up on the gate-post and belched out a farewell salute from the tin dinner- horn, the farm hands had leaned on their spades and hoes and waved good-by to " Mr, and Mrs. Jones," and my Lord Glandore and bis countess were on their way to catch the Europa, and be off for " Merrie England." " Very pale and very much frightened, lest chance should throw her in her father's path and he should penetrate the disguise they had assumed, Madolin clung closely to her husband's arm, and scarcely dared to speak, scarcely ventured to look about her, as the vehicle swept down the wooded road and rolled on in the fair, bright, sunlit morning. But whatever the future held fdr the Countess of Glandore, discovery now was something not fated t overtake her ; and without a suspicion that the woman the strong arm of the law was reaching after wai very near them now, the police suffered Lord Glandore end Mi bride to enter and pass through the great metropolis, and to board the Europa, unsus- pected and unmolested. A single valise-the property of the young earl cob the extent of their baggage; for Lord Glandore meant that his bride should proenre proper clothing In England, sooner than waste time before starting, and this waa conveyed to their state-f oom. Five, rang out from the oity clocks the cables Were oast off: The crowd on the dock cheered, and Bhouted " bon voyage" to the throng on the Bteamer's deck, and then, amid shouts, and cries, and the wav- ing of handkerchief«, the great, dark' vessel steamed out into the river and headed for the open sea. Darkness closed in with a solemn hush over the turbulent stretch of dismal water«; the moon carne out a little, silver, ghost-light set'in the black face of night; the 'lignts of Sandy Hook splattered, and flared, arid flckered, like tiny, golden' stars, and through the silence and the ¡solitude that lay about! them, the ship weat rolling on. ' Lady Glandore (or " Mrs. Jones/ns the passengers knew her) made ' but few friends, for retiring and modeBt as she Was, she kept aloof from all. All, did I say P Pai don me; I am not right there, for out of the many passengers who thronged the gilded galoon of the steamer, her ladyship's heart opened to one person, and oddly enough,, that person was a .young girl of ber own age who boasted of the stage as her profession, She was a bright, piquant, lovely little creature, fail of life, and laughter, sad vivacity. Wai on hu \- ? ?-???'?«-«»lyo--.-w.u. ii 11 m , , m im,,,,,,,, way to fulfil an engagement ¡it the Drury Lane Then« tre, and in the exceedingly abort space ot foiir-and twenty hours after the Europaleftport, bad succeeded in dancing, and laughing, and whirling ber way into everybody's affections; and the young countesa was among the number of those who learned to love the little actress dearly, >-' ' For three successive days the sun rose and satin calm gold splendor over the trackless silver of the ocean, but the morning of the fourth dawned hope- lessly wet and dreary, a dense white fog hung over the sea,excluding everything beyond the bowsprit, and by noon this had inoreased so terribly that the fog-horns were Bounded, The lookout was stationed to give warning of their presence in-ense of paseiag vessels, and the ladies were ordered not to come on deck. At one o'clock a dismal wind began to worry the sea and whine througB the Tigging, but the fog, tat from lifting, soon assumed a leaden huo, which gradually deepened into blackness and gloom, The sea now Began to roar sullenly, little bursts of thunder growled forth in tbe dnrknees overhead, the waves rose glittering and" white with foam, and washed serosa the polished decks, und after tram« peting forth its coming for three dismal hours, the storm burst upon them in a solid sheet, The ship rocked, and beaved, and groaned like some living thing ; the waves now rose up like great blue mountains, and thundered down upon the decks with a mighty roar, ripping up the loose truck and whirling it triumphantly over the bulwarks to the black hell of waters beyond ; the thunder boomed, and beat, and crashed ; the lightning tore through the fog in long, bright, glittering streaks of il-ime, and the rain came bealing down with a fury indes- cribable, ! Night fell, and tbe hurricane increased. Women and children huddled together in the cabin, brenth« less, white, and fainting. Men spoke to one another in hoarse whispers, and looked unutterable things with their dilated eyes, while over it all rang the roar, and shriek, and clatter of the storm, and the voice of the captain yelling his orders to bis men. Twelve by tbe stroke of the clock in the cabin. They counted each thud as it caBt itself out, and then as the last one echoed, another and a greater sound boomed out-a sound like the splintering of mighty beams. The ship gave a violent lurch and hurled them all -men, women, and children, screaming, und shriek« ing.and praying-a vast, dark, struggling mass ticross the cabin floor. Tbe lamps crashed down and went out, a.horrible explosion of electric gasea rent the heavens from pole to pole, and then n reeling white« faced figure tottered down the cabin stairs and shrieked: " Man tbe pumps-mun the pumps for G id's sake, or weare lost I A vessel has been wrecked somewhere ia the storm. We've run against a floating spar, and she'e battered a hole under the water-mnrk 1" A shriek from the women and children, a groan from the almost paralyzed men, and then, out from that fainting, praying, shuddering mies, sprang the figure of my Lord Glandore. "To the pumps!" he shrieked out, hoarsely-"to the pumps, men, for God's sake I" He dashed toward the stair-way, but up from the crowd a woman's blanched and »bastly face looked into his ; up from the others a pair or fluttering, frantic bands flew out and Btr<ttchad toward him, and the voice of his wife rang wild, and loud, and clear: " Arthur, Arthur, for Goa's sake do not leave me P'| But he turned his eyes lrom here, and Add up the stair-way, shrieking : " To the pumps, to the pumps I" And tbey that only needed a lender to dra=v them, on, burst lrom the arms of mothers und wires, and I scrambled behind him to the tUcks Blackness, and horror, and tempes t were there, and the seamen were busy Utting the pumps. The hole in the vessel wns ont Isri;«, the captain told them, and if men enough would work the pumps the carpenters could descend into the hold and oalk it. Lord Glandore was the first to respond. " For our wives, men, for our wives I" be shouted, «s he sprang forward, and with a wild hurrah they' followed him, Coats and vests were thrown aside, bars arms flashed up and down in the glnie and glitter of the storm, and already the carpenters were at work, al- ready the water belched up from the hold and flowed out upon the deck, and my Lord Glandore cheered them on, and worked, and pumped, and helped to save them with the rain beating duwn upon him and the waves swashing over his feet. " For wives, for mothers and sweethearts, men pump pump I and God be with us I" Again and yet again he shrieked it out, and the words of their leader seemed to inspire his fellow« men. Up from the hold a low, faint c ieer arose ; the thud of the hammers no longer sounded on the wood -the leak was calked the ship was saved t A cheer went up from the men when they knew it and Lord Glandore, breathless, nnd white, and ex« bausted, released his grasp upon the pumps. \- " Saved 1" he breathed out, with a gitsping cry, "Ah! God, I thank thee, Madoliu, Madolin, ws are saved I" His face was lifted to the starless veil of night, his hands were clasped in sacred thanksgiving, and standing thus and looking up to Go j, his doom came down upon him I The vessel gave a violent lurch ; a roar ol' thunder split the forces of the air; a great, dark wave crashed down upon the deck and swept it from stem to stern ; then wild on the nigbt went up a ringing cry, and the next instant my Lord Glandore was toro from bis feet and dashed over the bulwarks in the bad, black horror of the storm, and helpless, and white, and struggling, sucked down in the beatin« seal" A groan ran through the ranks of the men on deok, and white, anguished faces lo >ked in horror on the spot where tbey had seen bim last. (Jp from the hold the carpenters came, crying joyfully, " Wa are saved I" and then, faint in the distance, c*me out from that seething bell of waters» the wallinga ghastly, parting cry : Madolin.' Madolin! Farewell!" 