OAOLFIELD TRAINING NOT158. Saturday morning was lowering, and subse quently a downpour of rain droVo tho occupants of tho courso not actively engage I iuto tho grand tand and other places of shelter. Many nf thn Ki nrs/>« trnlnl no linrt nrA«.<in>ln.t 4 <> Ulnm Jn..» on the previous evening, where Violotand Veritas secured a win ; whilst. Sypbou ran a good second in tho IIunt Club Cup. Work was commenced by Bcresford, who wont tbreo times round on tbo Band at a good bat, lligin- botbam, on Don Qnixoto, ecnt him a milo on the courso proper, running wido, and accom plished tho journey in 1 min. 53 soc., goln» strongly. This horse is in better condition thun any of tho others in the samo stabla. Capri, wiih O'Brion up, cantorod, nnd then joined Poleatar nt the milo, both racing from there ; although O'Brien brought out tho whip, he was nnablo to st ive otf l'olosUr, who easily defeated him. Lo Grand went on tho grass, spirting home from tho half milo post, the champion going strongly. Cupola did a good spirt of hulf n mile. The rain now set in, preventing any work being dono for some time. Novellette th'»n covered half a milo in good stylo. Mozarto-UampboU'B— did a milo at a strong puce, and Friendless was sent usoful work threo times round. Eglinton and Tissuo cantered, and were then treated to faster work for half a mile. Battv gavo Yately one roand at half pace, finishing with a good three-quarter ppirt. Deceiver and Ontario did goad work on tbe sand; Umborto put in a fast fivo furkmgs on tbe glass ; Leek's two, Straggler and Scaramouch, went t to rounds, and then another at a much faster rate- David and Ditto cantered, and then Accomplished roven fnrlongs, tho Guineas' horse baring much thn host of it. Camerino ami Dargo went together, this timo a milo, both going very freely ; tho uaro is looking very well- Hey- wood's Spartan did usefnlwork, finiRhing up with a good spirt. Gilderoy, from the same stable, was awav at Flemington. Graco Darling, Norfolk and Tho Ghost went on tho course proper, the former coming homo somo lengths in advanco after doing a mile. Merry Fcnolla, in Robinson's stable, was sent nsofnl work. This week will bo pretty busy on tbo coarse, on account of tho arrivals from Flemington to compote at tho Caul- field campaign. 