Music and the Drama. THE revival of a great Shakesperian play at the Royal, with all the advantages of elaborate mount- ings, correct appointments, and splendid scenery, and with one of the principal parts in it filled by a lady whose reputation in that assumption has been established in Europe and America, is a matter for rejoicing to every lover of the legitimate drama. Admirably as the talent of Miss Genevieve Ward had been displayed in the two plays in which she had previously appeared in Syd- ney, a full revelation of it was reserved for her im- personation of Lady Macbeth. It exhibited genuine tragic power, and an insight into the cha- racter as just as it was penetrating and subtle. In the hands of many actresses neither desti- tute of originality nor dramatic sympathy, the sterner traits of Lady Macbeth are so emphasised that the softer attributes which Shakespeare in his profound knowledge of human nature has endowed her with, are almost entirely lost sight of. She poses as the grimest of tragedy queens. Miss Genevieve Ward, avoids that error, and renders the Thane's wife more formidable from the feminine sweetness and insinu- ating grace with which she invests her. She depicts her as a woman whose aspect might be a warrant for tenderness and truth, and who to an ordinary ob- server would suggest no idea that could be even, remotely associated with " slaughterous thoughts." the text decidedly warrants such an interpretation, and it is possible besides that till her mind was stimulated to devilish activity by the prediction of the weird sisters to her husband, no sinister imaginings had mingled with the musings of the Lady of Glamis, that qualities hitherto unsuspected even by herself were developed suddenly in the face of a strong temptation is quite conceivable. That she can mask her deadly treachery so completely that the most searching of mortal eyes cannot pierce it, we have her own testimony, and in that injunction of Lady Macbeth's to her lord to "seem like the inno- cent flower," Miss Genevieve Ward has found a hint of which she has made good use in her portrait of the former. The character is illustrated throughout with rare touches of histrionic art. The influence which she exercises over Macbeth while urging him to grasp at once the prize which fate and metaphysical aid have combined to secure him, is finely exhibited in those scenes which immediately precede the " taking- off'' of Duncan. Every look and gesture of the actress is wonderfully expressive, and not loss so is her bearing in that thrilling situation which follows the assassination of the king, when her cool and calculating courage recalls the conscience-stricken Thane from the paroxysm of terror and despair in which he writhes about committing the murder. In the banquet scene Miss Ward's acting is vividly realistic. The struggle to appear calm and cheerful, and to make light of the frantic outbursts of Macbeth at the apparition of Banquo, and her apprehensions lest the guilty secret of her consort should be dis- closed, are most strikingly and naturally depicted. The sleep-walking scene is rendered with consummate effect : the white draped figure which glides over the stage is sufficiently ghastly-looking to have risen from the grave, and the voice in which it speaks has reverberations awfully ghost-like and dreary. Mr. W. H; Vernon, who plays the part of Macbeth, brings to it many excellent qualities. His conception of it leaves, no room for fault finding; but the execution is wanting in sustained force. Though very far from being a great performance, it is, however, a very careful and conscientious one. Mr. J. B.Steele plays Macduff, with the efficiency which might be expected from his long experience as a Shakesperian actor. If we remember rightly he came to Australia to support poor G. V. Brooke, when the contemplated return of that famous trage- dian to the scene of his old triumphs was pre- vented for ever by the wreck of the London. Mr. B. N. Jones imparts becoming dignity to the character of King Duncan. " The blood- boultered Banquo smiles upon us" in the likeness of Mr. W. H. Leake, and Lennox and Bose have acceptable delineators in Messrs. Darvall and Fenton. Mr. Leitch, Mr. Harry Leaton and Mrs. M. A. Melville depict the three witches. A notable feature in the revival in question is the singing for the first time on the Sydney stage of the whole, of Leese's music of " Macbeth " by a powerful chorus, selected and trained by Mr. Hallewell. The chorus decidedly reflects credit on its organiser. Mr. E. C. Calvert is the Hecate, and Miss Pattie Brown, Miss L. Thomp- son, Miss F. Green and Mr. A. Farley, the four singing witches. It may be worth while to mention that in the assassina- tion scene the forms of the three witches visible through the castle window, add to the super- natural terrors by which the occasion is supposed to be marked. This introduction of the witches is sanctioned by the example of at least one or two of the celebrated actors of a former generation. New scenery by Messrs. Gordon and Hemmings has been supplied to this revival of " Macbeth," and in short nothing has been loft undone that could contribute to the pronounced success which it has met with. . At the Opera House "Jo" has been continued to good houses during the past week. This evening Miss Jennie Lee will appear in her popular character of the "Grasshopper," in the farcial and musical comedy of that name. At the Gaiety Theatre " Fun on the Bristol " is still being presented to crowded houses. Last Satur- day evening a change took place in the songs, dances, &c.;, introduced in that popular piece. The new ones seem to be received with as much favour as the old, while perennial freshness at least if not infinite variety, would appear to be among the happy attri- butes of the humours of the Widow O'Brien. At the Academy of Music the clever and amusing entertainment provided by Hiscock's Federal Min- strels obtains liberal support. Songs, comic and sentimental, are agreeably interspersed. Of the former Mr. Horace Bent and Mr. Sam. Reenan are the chief interpreters, and Mr. Beaumont Reid of the latter, As for Mr. Carrol, his peculiar vocal gifts constitute a distinct feature in themselves. A new ballad, " Come Where the Roses Bloom," sung by him, with flute obligato by Mr. N. La Feuillade, has been very successful. A lecture on The Tender Passion, by Horace Bent, is exceedingly mirth-provoking. The feats of the Girards are as marvellous as ever, and the risible faculties of the audiences at the Academy nightly receive a parting stimulus in an operatic burlesque, entitled " Lone-grin." It really contains mere drollery than the atrocious pun which gives it a name would seem to promise. It is seldom that such a combination of talent has been seen on the boards of a colonial theatre as the performance for the benefit of Signor Riceardi at the Royal, this afternoon, will present. The pro- gramme includes the names of Miss Genevieve Ward, Mr. W. H. Vernon, Signor and Signora Majeroni, Miss Jennie Lee and Mr. J. P. Burnett, Miss Annis Montague, Mr. Charles Turner, Mr. J. F. Sheridan, Mr. J, J. Hallewell, Herr Max Vogrich, Signor Glammona, and the Federal Minstrels. In addition to the leading artists above mentioned, all the members of their respective companies have tendered their services for the occasion in question. The management of the Royal have generously given the use of their theatre, free of charge. 