"'The..Long Pack." High up among the hills, on the wagon road that runs through the Cascita pass. is a small tavern, much frequented by coms. mercial travellers, and which bears the odd title of " The Long Pack." "Does that mean a long pack of cards?" inquired a traveller, glancing at the swing ing signboard, which also represented the weather-worn picture of something faintly resembling a soldier's overgrown knapsack. "N'o," replied the grey- headed landlord. "It means a peddler's pack. Nowadays they call them sample cases, I believe," pointing to the baggage of several commer cial drumifera that itoodin a corner. "Yon see I have a good deal of that sort of cus tom. I try to make the 'read boys' as comfortable as possible, for I was a little too hard on their fraternity once." "How was that ?" " Well," said the mountain Boniface, who had waited until his daughter, a buxom matron had left the room, " it ain't a very pleasant story, but I like to tell it some times, just to remind myself that the worst thing a man can have in this world is a hot, obstinate temper. You 'see, I came to this coast soon after the gold fever broke out,; and settled down in the Santa Barbara valley, below here, ranching; ."I was :a widower even then, and hiad brought with me from the states my only childt a daugh ter. past seventeen. She was a pretty girl, if I do say it,. ahnd being as good as: pretty, you can imagine I.was quite; wrapped up in her. Of course;:I Rsas anxioausto keep her with me, and if noi that; at least I looked for her to do 'something better than fall in love with a'peddler. , " And she did? " Yes; you see, in those days;the. conn try was full'of young fellowiwhotohad struck out for themselves, and were trying to get a start by carrying knick-knacks around from one mining came to another.' Some of them were lively. chaps' einngh~ and' well educated, bit I '-was fresh froiimthe States, with all the treltern prejudices, and'it almost drove me wild when Nellie told niiie she wanted to marry a young fellow who brought his packk-throughl oir district -a good deal oftener than the trade seemed to require. I was a hot-tempered .fool ih those days, so .I stormed, threatened, locked Nellie up for a week, and sent word- to-her! lover that I had loaded my :gunfor wildcats .and: ped dlers.'" , ! ,i : . . " What did Nellie do?" . "Yon might have guessed it, stranger. One day when I came back from a cattle sale she was missing. I chased her a couple of days, but they had taken to the tall tim berand.it-was no use, ,? After a while I got a lettei from "Fridsco;'nd I wrote back say ing that Idisowned her, and that he had better keep' out of the range of my deer rifle." -'.What did 'you"do tilne,".' il: ; :" "Suffered, mister -just suffered. I knew I was wrong, bhut I'd have died rather than give in:.- For'four years I lived like a toad in a rock, hating the whole world. All the pleasure-Ithad was in-watching;for peddlers. The numllr'- chased off thie racch during that time would astonish you... One evening, after a terrible' rainsetirm, one ofthe 'tribe came to my house aha asked for shelter for the night. He 'was a thin, weak looking fellow, with his faie' covered by a huge ragged beard. He carried on his back an enormoiiaslyfolg laid hbeyy'afi c,i' and seemed so exhausted with his tramp through • the mire that I -hadn't the heart to -do more than order him off the place. - "That was pretty hard," said the list ener. " I suppose it was.' The peddler seemed all broke unp when hea found. . wouldri't even give him a buonch' of stra?w ii 'the sta ble, and no other house within twelve miles. Instead of complaining, however, he merely begged that I would let bio leave.the pack, which he-said contained goods ,of .value, under shelter from the rain. I finally con sented to this. So, as I had sworn one of his trade should never cross my threshold, I carried his pack inside, while its owner limped off to crawl under some bush "or other." "Didn't yoe feel m'ean'?' -:. "Yes ; mean and bitter at the same time; for something alhbout th inan reminded me, of Nellie's husband a little. However, I locked and barred' all the doors and win-, dows, as usual, for some road agents had: \- been arouid those-partseasdt 'that- time, and had stood up and robbed some ranch era, and, as I told. you, I was all alone. Somehow I' couldn't' go to sleep when, after that, I went to bed. After tossing around for awlhile;,-Iigot niiand sit by the fire, brooding over my trouble, and trying not to think of the poor devil shivering dnt there in the cold and rain somewhere. I looked at his pack aitting up in the corner, and wondered what made it so long. As I watched it, I fancied I saw it move." "Saw it move?" "Exactly, I wouldn't believe my eyes at first, but after watching intently for a while, I distinctly saw the front of a hand pressed against the canvas from the inside. Like a flash then I understood the whole thing. The peddler was one of the: road agent's gang, and, knowing I-had consider able money about the house, they had adopted this plan'for smuggling one of their crew inside the house. -After I had gone to sleep, the fellow inside' could'let in the rest and finish the job. I walked quietly across the room, took my gun from the antlers, knelt down a few feet from the pack, aimed square in the centre, and pulled the trig ger." S"G on," murmured the listener, with a nhudder. ''"Batthe gun didn't go off," continued the -landlord, clearing his: throat. " The nipple was rusty and wouldn't work, so I laid down therifle_and-got.au axe from the kitchen. It had been newly ground that day, and when I lifted it above my head, I counted upon cleaviag that pack, robber and all, clear to the floor. Just as I raised the axe, and braced myself for the blow, I IeaOW a ghost." "A ghost ?" "Yes, air. The pack opened, and I saw sticking out of its top the curly yellowv head, blue eyes, nd rosy cheeks of my Nellie when she was a little tot of four. The shock staggered me so that I sank on my knees. I wiped my eyes, and wondered if I had not gone crazy. I was almost cer tain of it, when the ghost stretched out a pair of chubby white arms, and said: "'Deevnin, drandpa'!" S"Ah I" said the guest, with a relieved sigh, "I begin to see. And what did you do then? " "Idon't exactly know," said the land lord, softly, "but if there is anything that will bend a stiff, stubborn neck quicker than the arms of a little child, I'd like to k.ow what it is. I put the tired little prisoner down by the fire, opened the door and held out my arms." " And the mother-" "Yes,"nodded the landlord, "they were both there; and, mister, I guess that's the and of my story," and the old man wiped eas eye. "? You must excuse me, stranger, but that was a wet evening, and somehow I haven't got quite dry since." 