MISCELLANEOUS. It is reported that there are some Oriental Bank notes circulating in this colony. Charles Scutchings, a small boy, has been drowned in the Torrens Lake. There have been several forest fires in South Carolina doing immense damage to the turpentine plantations. ° At Newfoundland the steamer Neptune got 41,000 seals, valued at §125.000, in 12 days. The Australian Eleven, now in England play their first match on the 12th, 13th, and 14th inst. A young man named J, McCarron, who recently came down from the North, died suddenly in a City hotel on Friday evening. Aa upholeterer in Sydney has been fined £30, or three months, for carrying on a ' consultation' on the Sydney Cup. The late Calcutta Exhibition is likely to be the means of opening up a trade in Aus tralian hides, wool, and copper between this country and India. The fish caught by English fishermen every year are estimated to be worth £8,000,000, and thaee by Scotchmen The Register says there is a general im pression in political circles that a nocon fidence motion will be directed against the Government early in the cession. A cricket match took place the other day at Port Augusta between the Sons of Toil and Pen-and-ink. The inkslingers lost easily. ' Happy Billy,' a member of the Salva tion Army in Victoria, says that before being converted he had spent £33,000- in drink. And yet he lives ! A lady named Miss Helen Hart has been lecturing at Mount Oambier on ' Women's Rights' and other equally interesting sub jects, but without much success. The other evening Mr. J. Teltemann, pub lican, of Adelaide, while descending the steps of a tramcar, fell and severely injured himself. Laycock, who intends trying to gain the championship from the doughty Hanlan, has rowed a three-and-a-quarter-mile trial in 23 minutes. There are said to be 20,000 Jersey cows in the United States, and it is certain that since so much attention began to be paid to this breed the quality of American batter has greatly improved. The tender of Thomas FTaitv far nmnrh'no and printing the Parliamentary debates in a daily paper has been accepted. The know ing ones hint that the paper in question Will be the junior daily. A plucky rescue of a girl from drowning was effected in tho Glenolg Baths on Satur day by a little girl named Miss Gell,aged 11 years. Her sister, about 2 yean old, fell into about six feet of water, and Ming Gell withont any hesitation plunged in and rescued her from tbe briny deep. A Victorian telegram states tbat the trial of Henry Morgan for the murder of the girl Margaret Nolan, at Panmure, was con cluded on Saturday. The jury found the accused gailty, and the judge held oat no hopes of mercy. Prisoner eaid, ' My life has been eworn away.' Of the six largest sugar-proa'ttczag countries of Europe, Germany this year carries off the palm with 800,000 tons, or 39 per cent, of tbe whole. Next come Austria with 475,000 tons, Fiance with 425,000, Russia with 250,000, Belgium with 75,000, and Hollaed with 25,000. Germany has Dot only the greatest number of refineries — 857 out of 1,204 — but the largest also. A 'Frisco paper of last month says John Teemer will shortly be out with a direct challenge of $5,000 to row FfanUn any dis tance the champion may name. .Nobody knows where Teemer got hia money, but there is a strong probability that a good part of it is his own. .... There are no end oi rowing men in the country who believe, by this time, that Teemer is a faster man than Haulan. The Gawler Corporation is endeavoring to restrict the dangerous processions of the Salvation Army in that town. The matter is fraught with difficulty, as a law relating to the marching of one body must of neces sity apply to any other, it being almost im possible to make class distinctions, and this the Salvationists evidently take advantage of. However, a poll of the citizens shows that they are in favor of moderate legisla tion on the subject. The S. A. Times says:— ** The injury that may arise from fostering superstition of the kind which Mr. Wood seeks to in culcate is immense. Once let Mr. Wood establish his reputation, and he may wield an enormous power over his miserable dupes. We have had instances in some of the professors of spiritualism of the way in which the public may be plundered after they have once been gulled; and it is the duty of the Press to do everything in its power to present such deceptions being practised.' Some people have a very hazy idea of numbers. Wood, the layeT-on-of-hands, says he has healed 3,000 patients since he has been in this colony. Others say he has not cured a single real case of disease. Wood and his followers do not like the 'Press. They prefer the hole-and-corner business. A tremendous amount of merri ment was caused at one' of the meetings lately by a Rev. Mr. Shorthpse — who de clared that Wood had healed him— ingenuously saying, after a good deal of badgering by the audience, that the disease he had been suffering from was biliousness ! Our old friend Peter Campbell is coming to the front again. The Melbourne Herald says : — ' Mr. Walter Davies, as solicitor for Mr. Peter Campbell, has issued a County Court summons against the Rev. John Watsford, clerical editor of the Victorian Banner, claiming £250 damages for an alleged libel published in the journal mentioned. The case will come on for trial before a jury on about June 15. Messrs. Purves and Hood have been retained for the plaintiff.' The Melbourne Leader concludes an article on the vintage thus ; — This gives for the whole colony a total area under bearing vices of 6,331 acres, yielding a total of 1,289,800 gallons of wine. The total yield of wine produced last year was 705,568 gallons, so that this seasdffs vintage shows an increase of 584,232 gallons. To the area of bearing vines has to be added 700 acres estimated as under vines that have not yet reached bearing, showing a total of 7,081 acres. Last year the total area under both bearing and growing vines amounted to 5,732 acres, so that the increase this year, ae compared with last, ia 1,349 acres of vines and 584,232 gallons wine. Donald Dianie does not seem at all want in patriotic pride, if we may judge from the followiug challenge issued iu a Melbourne sporting paper : — ' As E. Blackburn agrees to wrestle me the best of fi?e styles I here with deposit £20 as forfeit anent the same, and tiw-t that Blackburn will at once stake a similar amount till a final stakeholder is agreed on. As soon as his money is down he can have expenses, as desired, to arrange the match here. Scotchmen do not need to invent a style to suit themselves, as they have always been able to beat Enplisbmen at go-as-you-pleose, wrestling, fighting, or general athletics. 'Deeds approve the man.' Donald Dennis, champion wrestler of Great Britain.' \- Apropos of healing people by faith, it might be mentioned that a year or two ago a small body of religious fanatics calling themselves Sanctificationists resided in Texas (U.S.) The women would fast for several days, then go off into a trance, and on waking up wouid assert that the Holy Ghost bad communicated with them. They stated that they could live without food, their fasting having sanctified them to such an extent that their bodies did not need sustenance. One female member of this peculiar body went so far as to kick all the panes of glass out of the windows of her faouBe, believing the I«ord would replace them ! ... Mr. H. Bracker was dining at an hotel in Toowoomba a short time ago (Bays a Queensland paper), when a gentleman sit ting opposite him asked him which horse he thonght would win the Sydney Cup, and he replied ' Favo,' which created a little merriment 5 but the waitress, Julia Power, who was attending upon the table, put the name down, and sent E. Jones, the levia than of the Sydney ring, £1 to back Favo for her, and received in return £31 and a polite note intimating that her letter was the means ofputting the bookmaker up to the doings of Favo, which he quietly backed to win him £7,000. A disgraceful scene occurred lately in St. John's Church, Earleaton. On Thursday, during choir practice, the Rev. Mr. Matthews, the vicar, handed several hymns to the organist, Mr. Durham, who refused to practise them for Sunday on eo short a notice. On Sunday morning, when the curate and the vicar gave out the hymn selected, the choit and congregation sang others. The vicar said the wrong hymns had been eung, and he therefore considered it his duty to order the church to be dosed, and to announce that there would be no Church in the evening. The sidesmen refused to make the usual collections. The -vicar thereupon said it did not matter to him, as he did not receive one penny of the offer tory. The curate (the Rev.' Mr. Smith) expressed his sorrow at the state of affairs, and said some one ought to have control. We are told that judicious advertising is the keystone of success. A lay preacher, -who frequently on Sundays fills the pulpit of some suburban chapels, recently took advantage of the occasion to give out from that place that a certain entertainment (of a purely secular character) was to be given on an approaching date. Some of the com mittee objected to the pulpit being thus converted -into an advertising rostrum, but 8S a quid pro quo asked the preacher to an nounce at the entertainment that certain services were to be held in connection with the chapel; but the preacher declined. There was something anomalous in the combination of religious with secular affairs, although there was no apparent incongruity to his mind in a judicious mingling of secular concerns with those of religion. This 4id not occur m Port Adelaide. — S. A. Times. The Engineer says that the fastest tram journey on record was that made by the Great Western Railway 9.15 p.m. express from Paddington on May 11, 1848. The train consisted of the broad-guage engine Great Britain, four carriages, and a van, and ran to Didcot, 63 J milee, in 47 minutes — an average speed of 68 miles an hour. The -driver was Michael Almond, deceased, and the fireman was Richard Denham, who is living at Swindon, a superannuated engine man. The Great Western Railway broad guage Flying Dutchman and Zulu express trains between London and Swindon run daily on portions of the journey— where the line is perfectly level— at more than 80 miles an hour for short distances. The Inlying Dutchman still is, as it bas always been, the fastest train in the world. A dispatch to the Chicago Tribune from -Grenville, S.O., of date March 8, says :— On Thursday night, John Barnes, a negro at Townville, 10 miles from Seneca, whipped his nephew (John Croft) so that he died Ijefore morning. When the fact had been discovered, and people arrived, a most terrible sight met their gaze. There, tied to a post, with a rope coiled round his knees, waist, and neck, was a boy whose drooped head indicated that he was dying. As a woman went to his aid she felt his heart beat, and, calling, others to be quick and unloose him that Aid might be rendered, he fell into her arms dead. The body showed cuts of over an inch in depth, strips of flesh hanging out like ribbons. The boy was but seven years old. He was the son of Barnes' dead sister. He beat the boy to death with a bundle of hickory switches, «nd hastily left. He has since been arrested «n3 is in gaol at Anderson, In a recent number of Knowledge Mr. R. ' A. Proctor says: — ' There are causes in operation which, if they continue to act unchecked, will, in the course of time, pro duce, Dot merely the downfall, but the absolute destruction and obliteration of Great Britain. Not only has this opinion been previously expressed by the most emi nent scientific men — by such great authori ties as Sir Charles Lyell and Sir John Herschell — but it does not admit of the slightest doubt or uncertainty. Britannia, though doubtless ' the pride of the ocean,' is being quietly but remorselessly absorbed by the sea-waves. The process is one which, unless hastened by unforeseen bat possible changes, must take many ages. It is also e process which may be, and probably has often been, interfered with in a summary manner. But no doubt whatever can exist that the process is now in steady operation, end that its effects are far from being in significant.' The day on which a forged note was pre sented at the Bank of England forms a memorable era in its history. For 64 years the establishment had circulated its paper with freedom ; and during this period no attempt had been made to imitate it. He who takes the initiative in a new line of wrongdoing has more than the simple act to answer for; and to Richard William Vaughan, a Stafford linendraper, belongs the melancholy celebrity of having led the van in this new phase of crime, in the year 1758\. The records of his life do not show want, beggary, or starvation urging him, but a simple desire to seem greater than he was. By one of the artists employed (and there were several engaged on different parts of the notes) the discovery was made. The criminal had filled up to the number of 20, and deposited them in the hands of a young lady to whom he was attached, as a proof of his wealth. There is no calcula ting how much longer bank-notes uiipht fa&ve; been free from imitation had this man not shown with what ease they might be counterfeited. From this period forged notes became common. A correspondent of the Agriculturist, and Revicip says : — ' There was a rumor abroad that Mr. JVloule, the member elect for the district of Flinders, is not a naturalised sub ject of her Majesty, and therefore cannot tit in Parliament. He was said to be an American by birth, though having resided in Victoria and South Australia for a num ber of years. So far as my knowledge goes (I have not looked at the point carefully) the only qualifications necessary are that a citizen must be 21 years of age, and must have been a registered voter for at least six months. The handbooks and directories name these as the sole qualifications for the House of Assembly, while it is mentioned Srticularly that members of the Upper ouse must be natural born or naturalised subjects. But there seems to be some doubts even among those who have studied the matter. However, Mr. Moule has called on the Register, saying that there was no nece^-hy for him to become naturalised ae a British subject, as he was born of British parents at a place called Birmingham, in England.' ' Rambler' in the S. A. Times writes : — I remember once seeing tiro gentlemen enter a Victorian country hotel and offer to toss the landlord for three drinks. The landlord agreed and was victimised. The process was repeated, and again the land lord loBt. The two gentlemen then said they must be off,' and went out and mounted their steeds. ' ' Hold on a moment,' cried the landlord ; ' won't you have a snack of bread and cheese?' But the gentlemen protested they were not hungry, and could not wait This, however, was only done in joke, and the landlord did not lose in the long run. I was reminded of the affair the other day whilst having a chat with host Demiel, of the Galatea Hotel. A gentle man (whom I won't describe as black), and who is known to have plenty of money, dropped in quite accidentally at the very moment that a brewer's traveller was treat ing those present, and was included. Quite accidentally, too, he remained until two others had provided him with a free drink, and then, as it appeared to be hie turn; he didn't feel thirsty. Bat, in the place of asking him if he wouldn't have a biscuit, the landlord observed to me—' Well, we'll have fust one more, and if Mr. ? doesn't pay, I will,' The old gentleman paid, and left, with a grin on his face — but it was chagrin. The capture of a thief under very exceptional circumstances is reported from Paris. He contrived to gain admission into a set of chambers during the absence of the lawful occupant, and proceeded to lay hands on everything of value be could find. In the midst of this operation it occurred to him that his wardrobe was in urgent need of renewal, and he therefore took off his clothes with a view of replacing them by others he found in the room. Scarcely, however, had he reduced himself to the garb of primitive man, when he heard a step outside, and promptly hid himself under the bed. Some one entered the room, and the thief lay noiseless for several minutes. At length the new-comer de parted, and he ventured to leave his hiding place. But much to his disgust he dis covered that the visitor had been a gentleman in his own way of business, for not only was everything in the chambers carried off, but even his own suit of clothes had disappeared ! He was, therefore, com pelled to await the return of the owner of the property, who at once handed, him over to the police. Not many days ago a charming young widow of our acquaintance happened to find herself alone with a highly-scented young coxcomb of the masher type in a first class compartment on the St. Kilda line. No sooner had the train started than our lady-killer began to ogle her pathetically, to smile at her, sighing all the while with a force sufficient to turn the wheels of a milL The lady endeavored at first to elude the uncalled for attention of her fellow-traveller by turning another way, covering her face with her fan, looking out of the window at the fleeting landscape, &c.; But finding at length that the young ' gentleman,' far from taking the hint, became, on the contrary, more obtrusive and importunate, she bravely settled in her own mind what to fio. Turn ing round she began to look at him intently. Then fixing her eyes for a moment on his shirt-front, at a point immediately below his chin, she turned away again as though endeavoring to suppress an involuntary titter. The young man, unable to -account for the glances and the laughter on the part of his fair companion, made superhuman efforts by twisting his sack to discover what was the matter with his collar, bnt without avail. The artful young widow meanwhile continued to repeat her manoeuvres from time to time, until, annoyed out of coun tenance, and utterly nonplussed, be could bear it no longer, and got out at the next station without returning. The fear that be had something on bis clothes that made him ridiculous had put him to flight. — Victorian paper. The Mount Barker paper says : — Mr. J. J. Grant has obtained from Messrs. Robin son & Haig a sub-contract for the construc tion of that portion of the Intercolonial railway which extends from the Murray Bridge for about three miles in the direc tion of Callington. The work for the most part is heavy, and the catting begins in the bank at one end of the bridge, and con tinues for some hundreds of yards through somewhat difficult country. There are about 100 men at work at this point, and they made a beginning here about six months ago. Daring that time they have removed about 20,000 yards of stuff, most of which has gone towards making a land ing-stage on the south side of the bridge. Mr. Grant's main camp is situated in an open gully on the near bank of the river. His head-quarters are very complete and compact, and consist of an office, dwelling, store, baker's shop, blacksmith's forge, and stable. The buildings have been quickly built of material approximating to the wattie-and-daub of long ago, but although primitive in appearance they are comfort able and well adapted for the purpose required. Plenty of water for all purposes is obtainable from the river, bread is baked and groceries are sold on the premises, and there is a butcher's shop within easy dis tance. Round this pivot are gathered the tents and huts of the navvies, and the once quiet spot is made noisy and brisk by them and their work. The railway approaches the bridtre by n sweeping: and graceful curve, much in the shape of a etretehed-out We are sadly exercised in our divorce court. It lias just been discovered that a distinguished and highly-esteemed citizen of Brooklyn has been working the divorce dodj-e for all it was worth, and perhaps a good deal more than it was worth. For ears past, a number of advertisements might be seen in the leading newspapers of this metropolis — 'Absolute divorces pro cured without publicity 5 no fee till the divorce is granted.' Now, in the State of New York, there is only one ground of absolute divorce, and that is adultery. A separation can be procured for abandonment, drunkenness, non-support, and a number of other things ; but this will not entitle the woman or man to marry again. There are thousands of men and women, too, cursed by being ill-mated ; their whole lives blasted without hope of release except in death. The vil'ains understood this, and their advertisements brought thousands of ap plications. Although no fee was demanded till the divorce was procured, a deposit of $150 or $200 was insisted on to pay ex penses. John G. Law, Deputy Clerk of the Supreme Court, of King's County, became the partner of a rascal named Munroe Adams. Adams had a fictitious partner named Clark, whose name figured on all the divorces, but whom nobody ever Baw. Between these two precious scoundrels, thousands and thousands of fraudulent divorces have been procured, and the un fortunates who have been deceived and have married again now have State's prison staring them in the face, not to mention hundreds of illegitimate children, the off spring of these bigamous marriages. Certain it is that nothing has occurred in the past years which has given us such a lively shaking up. — New York correspondent Kopunda Herald, A sailor on board one of the wheat vessels now lying in Port tells a remarkable story of the ingenuity and cunningness that is displayed by rats when put to extremities on ships. On one voyage of a vessel in which he belonged they were unfortunate enough to be infested by these despicable little animals. Various methods were de vised to catch them, but with only partial success. After being for some time at sea it used to be a matter of surprise how euch a number managed to live when there was nothing for them to eat. At length, how ever, the mystery was one day solved, when the steward opening the locker of provisions to hie great astonishment found a great number of empty pickle bottles to all appearance looking as if they had been carefully cleaned out. Making further search among the bottles he discovered several jars of limejuice were drained of their contents in the same way. The rats bad evidently gnawed away the cork bit by bit until they made a hole large enough to enable them to get their heads in. But how these cunning little beggars contrived to get the liquid from the bottles and jars was a puzzler for the steward. To prove that the rats were thieves a watch was kept, and sure enough they were discovered to be the intruders. Strange to say at this particular voyage several of the crew were attacked slightly with scurvy; and why the rats should have chosen these particular liquids from eeveral others (vinegar and limejuice), both being taken as a preventive from scurvy, was rather remarkable. The cap tain expressed himself that the raU were determined to keep this disease away. — F. P. Advertiser. The poet Churchill was on his way home one night — 'staggering,' he eaye, as he tells the story, from a late supper, where wit and wine had freely flowed, perhaps until the wine had drowned out the wit — thus on his way, when a girl in the street addressed him. ' Her figure was elegant,' says Churchill, ' and her features regular, but want had sicklied o'er their beauty, and all the horrors of despair gloomed through a languid smile she forced when she addressed me. The sigh of distress from woman, which never struck my ear without thrilling my heart, came with double force from such an object. I viewed her in silent compas sion for several moments, and then, reach ing her a piece of gold, bade her go home and shelter herself from the inclemencies of the night at so late an hour. Her surprise and joy at such unexpected charity wsll nigh overpowered her. She dropped upon her knees in the wet and dirt of the street, and raising her bands and eyes towards heaven, remained in that posture for some moments, unable to give utterance to the gratitude that filled her heart.' Churchill lifted her to her feet, and spoke to her of supplying herself with refreshments at once, when she passionately told of her mother, her father, and an infant brother perishing of want in the garret she had left. From the fulness of his heart, Churchill cried ont that he would go with her himself, and straightway he entered upon the work in earnest. He took the girl to a public-house — which was still open — where he loaded her with as much pro visions as she could carry ; then he bought two bottles of wine, which be put into bis pockets, and away they went to her miser able home. He found it exactly as the girl had said. He found misery there more up palling than he had believed possible in a Christian land. There he passed the whole night in offices of kindness and care, nor did he eat his own breakfast or change his clothing on the following morning until be had procured for the suffering family a new and better lodging, and provided for their future comfort. And then, repressing as he could their prayers and blessings, he took his leave. Surely a bright spot in the life of any man, and one for the recording angel to make note of. What kept the house down. — There is no more common sight in the streets of Galves ton than a moving bouse. Even two- etorey frame bouee, by the liberal use of able bodied mules and rollers, are moved from sites to vacant lots many blocks distant. This explains what Bill Pits meant when, after the oyster-supper was over a few nights ngo and he started for home, Gilhooly found him holding on to a lamp-post and ejaculating, ' Whip up yer mules !' ' What do you mean, Bill ?' ' What do yer shuppose I mean ? Are you sho intossicated yer can't shee P I can't crash street till house eets pasht, can I ? Whip up yer mules!' The house that Pitz thought was moving was of brick, four storeys high, and kept in place by a heavy mortgage. John Smith now accounts for the origin of his name. He says that when the world began everybody was named Smith, and whenever a man acted a rascal he was tossed out and given another name. At one of the last soirees aamantes given in Paris by the Duchess of Hamilton (Prin cess Mary of Baden) the absence of Madame de ? was much regretted, more especially when it became known that she was seriously ill. It, appeared, however that the lady in question constantly believes herself to be dving. Her husband is absent on a political mission, and she accordingly sent him the following telegram : — ' Return in stantly. I am verv ill — dyinpr.' To which ]Vf. Je ? replied ; ' Pressing business. Wait a fortnight.' Madamo do ? hns waited. 