-·THE TRIALS GOOD WOMAN. [y .A..roUP0LAll AUTroniss.] CHAPTER XLVI. In' the .boudoir of the late .Mrs. Butherland the young bride was' re clining on a sofa. The expreesion of her glowing countenance was happy, though somewhat languid, as she lis= to her husband, who murmured softly in her ear, 'Then, you' are now, dearest, well and strong enough to depart, and I may order the carriage ?' ' Yes, dear Arthur. . I am ready, anl only nshamed of my unaccountAble iweakness; it is so usual for me to faint. But send (ear papa to me. I wish we could take him .with us, or that we -could have persusded him to go to Howard Castle with the Oliffords, for I fear ho will be very lonely whon-we are gone.' ' Dear May, it will be but for two or three days; you must not grudge mne so short a time of your undivided company,'. ' I must not mention to my father,' continued May, ' the foolish fancy whioh even now I cannot banish from my imagination.' ' 'ty darling May, I must not allow you to dwell upon the subject,' inter rupted Arthur. '' But.Arthur,' interrupted the young ,bride in a low voice, as she hid her iace on his bosom, ' it was not her face, not my dear mother's, which it eoemed to me that I behold; it was nms the ghost of Maud's. Arthur was silent for a .few moments-the shadow of some long cbnqusred emotion seemed to pass over his countenance; but soon he .prssed hlis fair wife to his heart, soothed her with words of affection, and tien, gently disengaging himself from her arms, he kissed her brow, nud left the room to give orders for their departure. May remained alone in the soft twilight, but only for a moment; for just as "- calm and serious expression of'-.thought was ..stealing.. over. her 0oudntenno'c, cho a ::tarti'to ct Dy; boice from Without the window, It was Mr.: Morton's, and. she pro pared to receive him with a smile of weloome. He' appeared, but' not alone. ' By his, side stood a dark figure, who, after one hurried glance within, glided on beforei her ,companion and...stood opposite AMay, who had risen from the sofa, and fik.ad a bewildered glance on the form before her. ' She does not know me,' cried the ,tranger in a low voice of subdued auguish, sinking on her knees at her foot, 'she does not know me 1' ' Maud, my sister, my own dear sister I' exolaimed the astonished May, a·id she was raised once more in a sister's" armiisher face bathed with a sister's t:.ars. . Mr. Mi?toi had hurried onf to prepare an/other .for s6'iigitating, so unexpected a miiotiig,"ibut heo hid missed him; and when he again entered the room, the father was pressing the long-severed cibild"t'o lii heoart, and sheding tears of mingled emotion 'over hot' "who ' was lost and was found.' And Arthur, when he saw the poor blighted ,flowor,, withered even through lhinmwhi had torn it from helio parent soil, he' wept with them all ovr the still fair wreck, as, exhausted by the violence of hIr einotion, she now.lay, before them, unconscious of the love and tears poured Mpon her. Mar' spent her hlbridalnight in wiitching over the sister thus strangely and suddoiily rustored to her. Often as during. the fitful intervals of slumber wheo dre~w aside th o urtain, and gazed span the poor suflebror's countenance 'she had' to aisk hersolf whether it was the . sane:being wrho had ono occupied the same apartment-that bright, joyous being who ever iiawakened with a smile upon' heor radient face, to join in tihe pleasuroes of the day. Many were the bitter tears that wore shed beside the restored sister. Indeed, Sutlherland Manor was again a house of mourning, for all who beheold the change that four years had wrought upon thu beautiful Maud were deeply affocted. Mr. Butlherland could not hear tb6 sight; it was torture to his soul. He dared not look upon his faded, sinking child. His conscience accused him of neglect towards her ; the agony of his aorrow, of his self reproach, was pitiable to behold. He heard from Mr. Morton lhoe 'brief skletch whlich Maud had given him, concerning herself, but in which they saw plainly overy elrcumstance relating to her husband had bLean softened They now anXiously awaited the arrival of Luoy, for whom a carriage and an attendant had been despatched to con vey her to the Manor. From hermuch information was expected. The old Ihousekeeper Mrs. Power's feeliuge were all mergel in grief and i'.ldignatlon: to think that lier dear olu'n?j la ly,the darling chlid of tihe it a+bor 'wlo was gone, shotlid return in ?olh a state to heor father's house. Her anger was vehemently excited against poor Lucy :to think of her never having given a hint of the real state of aflairs. Little did the inhabitants of 8utherland MIanor guess the conflicts and struggles this attached creature encountered. With a degree of un selfishness, with fidelity, beattiful to reflect; upon, she had clung to the desolate fortunes of her young mistress, shared with her every liardship,partook largely of her sorriow, and with uncom plaining fortitude even submitted to the :hardest of all. trials, that of never divulging to hey friends in England the state ofher i:mistres. Miaud, tenacious to' the'last of lier husband's credit, had drawn from poor Lucy a solemn promise of-s'crecy.; and she had kept it, alas i too well. iThe startling truth burst upon their perception with agonising force. That she must be' changed, and that liher lot was not a happy one they could have imagined; hut they had not anticipated this fearful chango I On hearing of the death of the poor child, they had determined; immedi ately after May's marriage to go to Germany, in order that the sisters at least might meet. - Little, indeed, could they have believed that four years had worked such fearful ravages on a heai't, whose peculiar depth of feeling they had never guessed to hbe possessed by the wayward, spoilb child of other days. It was a restless night, that first which Naud passed on her return to her liome. She spoke little; but in the intervals of short slumbers, troubled and fdvirish, disturbed by incoherent words and starts, and sighs of pain, she lay, her sister's hand locked in hers, replying to the endear ing words of those who hung round her bed by a wan smi'o, and looks of perplexed though affectionate grati tude. Once when May bent over her to kiss her, Maud passed her fingers fondly through one of thie silken ring lots which had escaped its fastoening, and fell upon her shoulder, and she said in a low voice, ' IMay I' did ie give you the look I sent you ?' May could only murmur, 'Yesl' for the suddenness of the question affected her so powerfully that she burst into tears. ' Was it not beautiful?' slheo con tinued, with a .smile brightening her wan features ;' ad now how.far more beautiful theywore over his head like little angels I Ah !' and an expression of acute pain again obscured the smile, 'I had forgotten, hoio7 an angel;' and she buried her head in the bed clothes. May took from her bosom a littld locket in which she had placed the hair of her beautiful boy witih that of her sister; and when she could com. mand her voiceeshe said, as she laid it before Maud-' I have prized this very muah, my darling sister; you knownot how much, When you are stronger and boetter,'- May contiaued, we will talk togethdr of the angEl whljninow. with; his' Saviour,an dlwith 'the loved ones" whoijaie gone beforo us, and whore we humbly hope we shall see him, ere long, still more beautiful-more blessed than he was on earth I' 'Yes, yes,' faintly gasped poor Meaud her sister's words causing tears to roll down her cheeks, 'he is with.the Saviour-with our mother, May. How blest indeed,.sweet spirit.? How dare I- wish his here ? But, lJay, you know not what hlie was to me-my all of joy-you c?aunot know-and, but that I.feel I shall very soon be with. him, behold him, I could not bear itas I do now : but his God is my God I' Maud again covered her f?ice, and spoke no more. Just before sunrise, May, who lhad beeon lying down by her sitec's side, and was rejoioing at witnessing a more quiet and refroshing sleep, saW M?Iaud suddenly. awakeo.; ',her eyes wandorod nround her, as if to ascertain' where bhe was and who was with her, and then she lay-for some moments in silence.. S' Ah, how :strange it all seems I' sheo at length exolaimed ; 'just hsif it were a dream that I hald over left you, but a long, long dream, deai' May;' and theon, after apausui, she asked for bor father. 'He lhas just left ithe room, deardest Maud,' her sister replied. 'He o has been -in and out every ialt hour during the night, though he feared to disturb 'you by.showing himself-and Arthur, too,' she-added in a lower tone. 'AlAh, dear Arthur I' interrupted M'ud; "does he not hate me for coming thus to disturb- all your happinesed ?' ' Dear Maend 1' exohiimed May, em. bracing her. 'But,' continued Maud, after a pause, 'is not this May-day ? Ah yes, I must see the May-day sun rise once more over boeautifl 8utherland, as we always used to do. Pray lot me, dear May.', Supported by her sister-for, on rising she was herself startled by her extreme weakness-she -was soon standing by the window, gazing on the distant mountains,' from' which the sun was' rising in all its glory, tinging with its gorgeous hues 'the nsurroundinr sky. May opened the window, and Maud seemed to drink in with gasping avidity the sweet fresh air. ' My home, my own beloved homo i' abshe fervently eorlahmed. A moment Rfoer there was a mur muring sand rumlstling beloa, and the nelt there arone a suppressead chrant, which grow leader ?ad bolder as it prooeoded, and then they peroeived a party of ohildren with garlande of Illweru. They werea the ,ohildrend of the usohool, who still oontinueil the atctom wlhioh had boon usuel aiqoo the djLtrJ' oluidbnoo of greeting them at the rising of the Mgy.day sun with a song and offering of a wreath of fliwers; and now, hearing that their dear Miss Sutherland, or rather Mrs. Balfour Sutherland had not de. parted the preceding night, and that :Mis. Percy had returned, they thought it more necessary than ever that a bride should not lose her acoustoined honours; and though they had heard it rumoured that the bright creature whom they remembered delighting themln with her beautiful smile, as -well as frightening them with her large, fierce eyes when they were naughty, and who at lenglh bad proved'naughty hersolf,? and had been held up as an example of filial disobedience, haId r?turned ill and ifhappy, yet they tliought porchance their. song mlght please her, who, naughty or not, they always remembered with.affotion and admiration ; so they. ventured to make the attempt; but when, after sufferinz them to proceed for a few moments, May turned to'look upon her sister's face, all traces of any thing like enjoymei~ had vanished, leaving nought but deeply-rooted sorrow and suffering. May signed to thechildrcn to sfop ; and Maud, suffering her again to lead her back to her bed, murmured in a low, hollow voice, ' No, that will not do for me, dear sistdr ; my spring-time is over, with its songs and flowers. There is no May- for nme.' Poor Lucy airived that day. ihe , was greatly changed, what with' her illness, her long journey, added to the. distress of mind the atlached creature had suffered; 'and as she sat in the housekeep:,r's room, relating to her aunt, with many tears, her tale of woo, which Mrs; Power never rested till she had drawn from her, no one would haveo recognised the smart, bright.eyed abigail who bahd so gaily chatted in that same room four years before. But still there wai comfort for her, an. approving conscience she had done hlier duty nobly as a Ohristi in servant; and' a'so, sheo found: an old lover faithful, though raised lately, by the sudden death of Williams, 'to" the exalted station of. hous9-sseward,' and who, far from lamenting her change of appearance, congratulated her ' that foreign parts I had worked no greater harm.' a Tha emotions excited in every brea~t by the return of our poor heroine.were less vividly felt by hraoself than thers. Her feelings were paralysed, too mticr' bowed down by sultering for aught to have the power, after the first excitement i was over, to effect her much. Even/ her meeting with Arthur was aonlmly gone.through. He, with deep emotion,! seized the hand which, with'a wan but affectionate smile, she stretched towards him, pressed it to his lips, and was too much overcome for speech ; but Maud calmly spoke (oh, how that voice, thait changed but still musical voice, oncd so beloved, thrilled upon his heart, like a sone of other days I) ' :Dear Arthur, how I thank 3ou for this kind reception-I who have como i.ustjn aime to disturb you i*nthe midet' of your htijpiness ; but 'I must be. no longer in your way ; you must thkeo.ManO away, as'you intended, for a few days. I shall welcome you gladly baok,'but'you must let it be as I say ; :and now,' and she flung horsolf into her father's irms, as he sat beside her, and pressed 'her with fervent love to his bosom, 'my father will have his other child' to kcep. him,company, and.kind Miss Moyer will halj to take care of nie.' And so it was finally arranged ; late that evening the newly.married pair quitted the Manor, leaving togethcr the father andti the long-parted daughter, in the qruiet solitary manpion. It was an affecting sight; the father seeming as if he would fain atone to his. child 'for past neglect by every nmark of' tenderness ; he never lefi her side,'. watching her oyery' movement, every loak, with nervous, .painful eagerness, Sometimes it was difficult to roeiise to l'is mind that it was his proudly bloom ing 'Maud by whose side lie sa't and walked, when occasionally slie was drawn along the gardens in a chair, or when heo. supported her weani stops along the sunny terrace.: lIow all this rooelled.to his mind that dear departed onei-'ihom he wasl sometimes tempted to f~ancy .rvan again the objeot of his oare I But between them there was one great distinction ; never on the countenance of his wife had he bcen pained by witnessing thoseharlrow ing signs of mental suffelring vhichall his tenderness could not banish fromi tho. expression of his poor ohild's features. - Nevor bt in iher first convorsatioit with Mr. Morton had Maud spoken of her liusband ; and now to her father she was equally silent concerning .him. Whatovor thoughts abd intentions were working in Mr. Suthorland's , hart relative to that subject, he never breathed his name; he felt that it was too painful and agitating to both, and one of which he could not speak but in terms which it must wound her heart to hear. And he was right; for why did Maud recoil from speaking thalt oneeloved name? Was it that she she might endeavour to hate it, forget it? Ah, no! Or why in the dark hours of night, when others sleop, was thliat name gasped wi·th bitter, scalding tears? Or why was the image of him to whom it belonged brought vividly before her, by all the strength of yearning, agonised affection ? and a strife she once thought had coaeod with departed hope shook day by day more flereooly her fragile form, bringing her nearer and nearer to the grave. ,ENo, her silence was but the shrink Ing fear of exposing that name, treasured yet so tenderly, to the breath of odium and repiroaob.; and there it lay unspoken, burninog at her heart., The first advice that could be ob. tained was eagerly prourced for Maud, But, ilas I the opinions of the medioali mop wore more startling than oven tho fears of Mr, Batltherland had sug. gnist'; a'i 'r:'a1, a tsr thre, or four days' absence,May and Arthur retu-ncd it was to a house of sorrow and dis may. The physicians had pronounced that the invalid was sinking from a rapid "decline. 'There has been evidently,' was the remark of the clear-sighted, ex perienced practitioner, who had atten ded the late Mrs. Sutherland, ' a slow poison working here, more detrimental to her constitution than the tendency t.o her mother's complaint, which, under different circumstances, might never have been called forth-a long contiuued wear and tear of the nerves and spirits, which the violent airitation and affliotion-you tell me she has lately undergone has now brought to a fear ful crisiP. This seems to me,' the doctor remarked to Captain Balfour Sutherland in a private conference, ' quite a case of which we often read, but seldom recognise in these our days-that of a broken heart. There is much to answer for in some quarter. Is there anything at present particular weighing on her mind? If so, it should be immediately relieved, for without mental ailleviation nothing, can be done for the body.' Three weeks ,had passed since the patient's arrival before the question answered. There had been no intercourse bo. tween Maud and her husband since she had left him, with the exception of a few lines which Luoy, according to her master's. desire, had written to acquaint him with their safe arrival in Cumberland. She had informed Mrs. Percy of this, at the time of writing, in order that she might add any mes sage from' her ; but Mbaud had merely turned away her head and wept. - One day she had seemed stronger and better, and .had been walking slowly, with long intervals of rest, leaning on her Arthur's arm, along the picturoegallery, the scene of many a. happy hour during the winter they had assembled together. She passed also into the saloon, and gazed upon the portrait of their childhood; and then she made his heart beat sadly by approaching gradually to the events ofdater years, and at length spoke with affecting contrition of her own conduot towards him, and then of her joy that. thus,: in the sequel, he had been a gainer by it, is possessing such a treasure as her sister. SOd denlyshe had broken'-off, and spoke in agitated terms of: her love, her un. dying love to him to whom she had united her fate; and juist as she reached hei .room, and he was about to leave her, she turned towards him, seized his` hand, and, fixing her eyes wildly on his face, murmured in a low, passionate tone .of intreaty, 'Arthur, geenerous 'iobloArthur I you.will not let. them reproach:me, you will not let them refuse me What I am about, to supplicate ?. I pne'eto see him once more, the father of my angel. I have not long to live; and 'if they would' have me die in peace, with no earthly longing to keep .pmy heart from God,I lot hib'e.eOnt,.fdi',lot me see hisjface,e i'moi'-ohbar'his',v6ioeohce morel' :.:I' "' Arthur pressed her hand, and in. ai voice choked by. emotion said, ' It shall;be done, dear, dear Maud; trust to nme, it shall be done.' ' : "'.Qod for, ever bless you, Arthur 1" she faintly answered. : , Auqtheirre(lest she made that yemnig . ' Miy', ehe whispered,: I have a wish. Will you grant it ? 'Dear Maund, why ask' suoh a ques tion ?" :'I am not worthy of the privilege ; but that room, that bed- there I would go, thlere. Iwould die. Her desire was fultilled, and to her mother'si~ parLtment she was next day removed, aund, t;olt possession of the bed on whiol hidied.' Frol that bed ishe rarol rose again; althlough since her oonversation with Arthur a weoight painful caro seemed to bh removed frdm her mind, and eaoh suoceoding day fouund'her inoreasing in holy faith and spiritudl strongth, the powers of body seomod to wax weaker and weakor; and though sometimes a bright, unearthly bloom whioh flashed her oheek gave hope to thdose around her, she knew that /e dalays were numbered. b 2'o be cornhnued. , 