HEAilKG THROUGH JESOS. FAITH IN The Rev. J. A. Dowie, of Melbourne, lectured last night in the sssembly-room- of the Alfred Hall on "Healing through faith in Jesus." The room was packcd to the doors, and throughout the most earnest attention was bestowed on the reverend gentleman's address. Mr Dowie by his labors has raised the Free Christian Tabernacle in Fi zroy, capable of holding 1200 persons. He says that during the two years he has burn laboring in Melbourne he has attended 4000 persons, and though frequently ofiere J money has never taken a single farthir £t so that he did not preach from sel'jsii motives. He intended to visit all the cities and towns to preach the Gospe 1 ,; all that was asked was that there sh' Jald be a collection to pay expenses. It th .ere was any surplus it was to go to the buil- j;ng fund of the tabernacle. Reverting to, the disbelievers in healing through fai.th in Jesus Christ, the rev. gentleman averr ed that God never sent disease, and that./ never from the hand of God came corruption for the destruction of His own creation. All the sin and disease, wf^ visited upon mankind by Satan. If God had sent all diseases and sin, Cb /iat would not have come into the world to mve sinners and heal the sick. In support of hie argument, Mr Dowie quoted the Acts 10th and 3Sth, how God anointed Jesus of Nazareth with the Holy Ghost and with power, 'who went about doing good and healing all that were oppressed by the devil. He referred eloquently to the numbers healed by Christ and His apostles, and said that if these works bad been performed 1900 years ago, when did God begin to do the work the Devil was doing to-day ? If God imparted disease, he must be unclean in Himself, and'not the pnre Being he was. It was not God's will that there shonld be sickness and sin on earth. It was His will to heal everyone sick who trusted in JeBue, and came to Him, having first given to Jesus his spirit, his soul, and bis body Without faith it was impossible to please God. Though it was not God's will that there should be sin and disease among men, He might permit, even as He permitted liquor—that liquid fire and distilled damnation—to he sold in Ballarat. He had the audacity, Mr Dowie remarked, to say that they had the apostolic succession, and that the same works done so long ago by the apostles was going to be done by them in Ballarat. It was not himself that effected the cures through faith. He healed nobody. It was Jesus Christ, and to Him all the credit was due. He (the lecturer) was only the instrument in God's hands. He might inform them that for the twenty-one years he had believed in the Lord he had never been sick, and his wife, during the eight years she had been married to him, had never known sickness. They were living in Christ, for Christ was living in them. The rev. gentleman then narrated some of the wondeiful cures he, through Christ, had effected, and said that now; out of his congregation, there were only two persons whom he knew to be at all afflicted with sickness. People were incredulous when he began his labors, and for fifteen months he was the best persecuted man In Mel bourne, but now he thanked God that he had thousands of friends who believed in healing through faith in JeBUB. Some of his attendants (the rev. gentleman gave the names of these persons and their residences in Melbourne) bad been cured of paralysis, blindness, rheumatism, cancer, and all the other evils flesh is heir to. These healings were effected simply by faith, and the rev, gentleman related one instance where & young girl, hearing him preach in Melbourne, had given herself to Jesus, and instantly had her sight restored, thongh the reverend gentleman had not even plaoed his hands on ber. Several other remarkable instances of cureB effected at Geelong, Fitzroy, Carlton, and elsewhere were also narrated. Throughout the audience listened intently. Mrs Dowio, who attends Mr Dowie in all his lectures, with Mr Birtchnell and other gentlemen, occupied seats on the platform, and after the singing of hymns the meeting closed with prayer. A collection taken up was well responded to. To- day three meetings will bo held in the same building, at half-past ten a.m., half-past two p.m., and half-past seven p.m., for any seeking teaching and healing. MrB Dowie assistB at all meetings. On Saturday tne reverend gentleman and Mrs Dowie return to Melbourne. 