A WIMBLEDON SURPRISE. . Joseph Goode, junior and managing partner in the well known firm of solicitors, Messrs. Bravo.and Bally, was as good a husband as lie was a business man, which is saying a great deal. Nover had wife less reason than his to complain of the neglect or misconduct of her spouse.< And Bessie, on the whole, did not , complain. She. was both satisfied with, and proud of, her young, handsome and atten tive husband. After several years spent in the holy bonds of matrimony, they both seemed to find these bonds as easy as they were during their honeymoon. There were, however, two things which troubled Bessle'e little heart. The first one was that though her husband's business wns extending in a -way quite satisfactory to him, it was growing'in a manner very unsatisfactory to her. Every day Joseph waB becoming more and more ofalndyls lawyer. Many of the divorce, theatrical and breach of promise cases every term found their way Into Mils bands. IVhen Bessie glanced at the paper of a morning and saw a law report beaded " Sensational Divorce," or " Theatrical Scan- dal," or "Amusing Breach of Pro mise," she expected to find that tho so licitors for tho lady were Messre. Bravo and Bully, and she was Beldoin disappointed. In fact, it at length became so common that the sight of it began to sicken her. It was not that she objected to Joseph's firm being mixed upjn such cases ; it was rather because she objected to Joseph htmself bring mixed up with sueh compauy. Once or twice ladies in (rouble with their husbands, or quarrelling with their managers, had, after Joseph left his Office, pursued him to his home ; and Bessie had been ourions enough to see them. She had succeeded in doing so sometimes, and those she had seen she had not liked " 'i'hore was," she told her mother, old Mrs, Grim, "something about theireyes that made her feel uncomfortable. They had a wicked look about them, and she would rather Joseph had noth- ing to do with the owners of them." At the same time what in her heart troubled her, per haps quite as much as Joseph's clients' wickod looks, was their undoubted beauty. More than once, after seeing sorao pretty actress, or other fair litigant, leavo Joseph's study, . she had looked in her glass at lier. own round, demure littlo face, and, com paring It with the striking features and glowing eyes of the lady visitor had caught her self half wondering if Joseph would always bo content with such a commonplace little woman as herself. But lie never showed any signs, of being charinod by his fair clients' looks; ' Ho ' still appeared as fond of his wife iis if the had been the most bewitching of women. So though sho fretted over . her fears in private, and once or twice confided a por tion of them to Mrs. Grim, she never hinted them to Joseph. Two or three times, when she thought his parting with some of his bean- tlfnl visitors was rather affecti-mnte, she felt Inclined to do so, and her mother made no secret 'to her of tho fact that she regarded hira as a rank hypocrite. But, in spite of all this, the warmth and kindliness of his bearing towards her made Bessie feel that whatever her suspicions might be they must be ground less. v The other thing that worried her, and ' of which she did complain to hor husband, was ltis foudncss for soldiering. Like some other successful business men, Joseph did not care much for hia business. Me thought nature in tended bim to win military glory, and be was continually bewailing the fate that shut him up in an attorney's office. Every timo there were any complications abroad be took the deepest interest in them, and again and again doclared his intention of volunteering for ser vice should they result in war. At first theBO bellicose declarations alarmed little Bessio ; but, as iu every case, when war did result, Joseph discovered that business affairs prevented him' from gratifying his ionging to participate in the struggle, eho began Co hear tboiu with considerable equanimity. One con- sequenoe, however, of bis pasrion for soldiering she disliked, and dislikes! bitterly. ' As he could not be a Begtilar, he becamo a Volun teer. Ho was continually marching and drilling, practising muekutry and camping out with tho 'meirof bis regiment — the 1001st Mid dlesex. It was a swaggering corps, tho 1001st, and was composed largoly of youngprofessionnl and business ,mon of warlike tendencies, and was popularly known as tho "slaughterers," on account of tho ferocious appearance of tho members, and tho terrible oxeoutiun itwas understood they would do if they ever had a chance of going into action. Every year it had its tout at Wimbledon daring the rifle competition, and usually also its camp at Richmond. And. to these. JoBeph would go, in spito of all tho tears and 1 poutings of poor Bessio. Of Wimbledon, in particular, he was very fond, and whilo the oamp remained thorn . he remained there, seldom doing more than running up to his office when some pressing business compelled, him, and then, when ho had finishod it. returning with' all apoed to the camp. While ho was thus diverting him- lolf, Bessie stopped with her mother, talcing Care, however, to go down to Wimbledon al- , most every day, ostensibly to eeo the shooting, bat roally to keop on oyc on J oscph. One day, while tho competition was going I on, Bessie thought Bhe would give her husbaud a littlo aurpriso. She had arranged to go that day to Wimbledon, If tho weather proved ! fine, Joseph was to meot her at the station, and, aftor seeing' some of the matches, the was to have dinner in his tent, with Gome follow members of his corps, with hvhom he was sharing it, It occurred, there- lore, to Bcssio that it would be a delightful surprise If she went down by an earlier train, 6he knew Joseph was in his tent all tho morn ing, for it was then ho attended to his business correspondence ; qnd she also knew where his tent was, as she had boon at the camp the day before. It amuBed her bo imagine his aston ishment to see lior walk in at a moment when he thought her miles away. As sho had, however, some idea that her mother would j object to the sohomo, she did not tell her of her design, but, under the excuse of having i something to doin town before starting for the J camp, she left homo about two hours earlier , than was arranged, | Sho arrived all right at Wimbledon, and j easily found her way from the station io the enclosure. Once there, sho was soon able to j identify Joseph's tent. Sho was hurrying up towards it when It occurred to her that, as there were other men besides lior husband in | the tent, the surprise might not he so plc-asant as she anticipated if she went in unexpectedly. She bad never thought of this bolero. But ! she did not like now to turn back, so the best course she could think of was not to go into the tent at first, but to rap ou tho canvas, arid bring Bomc one out. Then, if tliingB were all right inside, she conld go in. Advancing i with that intention, she heard her husband's ! voice, and, with a woman's curiosity, paused : before rapping to see if she could hear what he was talking about. As she did so his voice was interrupted by another — a woman's ! She -started in amazement and horror. In a moment all the suspicions which had so long Kaunted her, and whioh she had vainly triod to dismiss, came rushing into her mind. The past was now clear to her. She could under stand Ills passion for volunteering and his anxiety to spend his time away from hor roof. ' What a simpleton sho had been ! She missed what the woman had said. When her husbaud replied she heard him clearly. I " Oh, Kate, Kato," lio laughingly shouted, - " you're not a bit improved," j " I'm not like your moustache, then, Joe," replied the woman, in a gay, chaffing tone, ' " How long and lerocioua it liaB grown ! Why, you're quite warlike-looking," , " Upon my word, you're teasing tho life out ol me," said Joseph. " I wish you would get oiut of this." I " That's a nice way of treating me, after . I've run away from my husband for you." I " I wish to goodness you'd run back agaiu. If you vex him as much as you have me, I'm sure he must be glad to get rid of you." I . Oh, you're as gallant as over, Joe ! Here, old solemn face, give me that gun. Don't he afraid j I'm not going to shoot yon, though you . deserve it, I'm only going to show you i bow you looked when I saw you this morn- J tug." And Bessie heard the woman marching up and down tho tent in military style. Then i there was the sonnd as of Joseph rising, and j of . a short struggle, ending with a kiss. Sho listened to all in a state of horrified astonish- | ment. She felt inclined for a moment to go 1 in " and confront the guilty pair ; but her courage deserted her, and while her husband and tho woman were stilt laughiDg and (hatting, eho turned and hurried otf to tho station. When eho reached it, a train was ' about to start. She stepped into it, and in a ' little over half an hour was hack agaiu in her mother's lioroe. When she entered the room where her mother was Bitting she was almost in a fainting con dition. Mrs. Grim noticed thin'at once. "What on earth is wrong with you, child 1" she cried, in alarm. "You look like a ghost," < " Oh, mamma, mamma, I am ruined !" ex- j claimed the young wife, sobbing bitterly. | T " What do you say 1 What have you dono ? .Inhere iiave you been ? Tell me at once, you filly !" screamed the old lady, in great exoite- went. . "At Wimbledon, mamma, and oh,- dear, dear ! my husband has deceived mo." ,,,."01i,is that all?" answered Mrs. Grim in a relieved tone. " What has be done, my dear ?" _ " Mamma, dear, 1 can bar-hnrdly t-tell you (sol/.) I went ear-early, you know, iutending to-to surprise him (zo(>), and wh-wlien I came ' to- his t-tent I heard him t-talking to a ,17-wo-woman (sob, sob.) And she w-was saying phe had r-run away from h-her b-husband' for him (sob,) Oh, dear, dear, what an uufortu- .nategirl I am !" (Sob, sob, sob.) 1 ."Eh? What's that?" cried Mrs. Grim. ! -" Didn't I tell you that long ago ? I told you i hip, dirty, business in that wicked Divorce Court j could never end in good— didn't I ? Thoso ' who lio down with dogs will rise up with ileas — won't they t" ; . "Yob, mamma," answered poor littlo Bessie, sobbing Borely, " And didn't I tell you long ago that you should speak out — didn't X ? But you wouldn't 4o it. Oh, no ; you didn't believe mo; you hod confidence in him. Oh, of course ! You were wlsor than your mother; every girl is now- .fe-days,'.' / .."Yes, mamma," sobbed Bcssio. e , " Now it's my turn, and you'll aeo If I don't talk to him— that I will, I can tell vou. You go and He down on your bed, Bessie ; you're Mocked up, poor thing ; and no wonder. I'll put on ay bonnot, and start off to him tin's very minute. It's a good thing you've found it oat at last ; he has mado a fool of you long enough. I know he was deceiving you for this year past and more, but there woa no use tell ing you ; you wouldn't believe me." r " But, mamma dear," pleaded littlo Bessie, " don't be too cross with him, please — for my sake, dear mamma." : "What do you mean, Bessie?" demanded Mrs, Grim, indignantly; "I'm ashamed of you 1 Have you no self respect ? You, my r daughter 1 If your father had over ventured to treat mo so disgracefully, do you think I would have askod my mother not to bo cross .with him ? No, I should have helped hor ! That's what you should do ; but you're unfit, .'Yo'u'ro a weak, silly creature ; still, thank goodness, I'm able to do it myself," .And Mrs. Grim marched off, apparently fairly satisfied with tho tum affairs had taken, and determined to talk to Master Joseph in a way ho had never been talkod to boforo. I'oor Bessie, too weak with crying to make any op position, heard hor mother, a few minntes after wards prance down tho hall, and slam tho front door after her. Mrs. Grim cal led a oab, and drovo straigh t to the station. Sho just arrived in time to catch tho train that Joseph had arranged Bessie should come1 by. All the way -to Wim bledon she occupied herself by turning over in her mind tho most disagreeable things she could think of, and getting them into the most disagreeable shapo possible, ready for launch ing at the head of her offending son-in-law. As tho train drew up at tho station Bhe saw him standing on the platform in his volunteer uniform, looking as handsome and innocent as usual, Tho moment she got out of tho carriage he noticed her, and came hurrying forward with rather au anxious expression on his counten ance, " Where's Bessie, Mrs. Grim ?" he cried. " Has anything happeucd to her ? Why is she not hero ?" "Yes, Mr. Goode," nuswered Mrs. Grim, looking liim full in tho face, and refusing his proffered hand. " Yes, Mr. Goode, something has happened to hor." "You don't say so?" ho said, alarmed. " Why didn't you telegraph to me ? What is it ? " Oh, only this ; sho has found yon out." "Wliataro yon talking about ? " asked Joseph, angrily. " Is Bessie ill, or is she not ? Answer me that." " I'll answer you nothing, sir, till you first answer me," replied Mrs. Grim, sternly. " How dare you, you scoundrel, abuse tho con- ' fidence and innocence of my poor daughter ?: You viper, to run away from your good hnd faithful wife to follow wicked actresses and' other disreputable women ! " " Joseph gazed on his mother-in-law in amaze- m-nl. "By Jove," he said to himself, "I always thought she was a bit touched, but I never imagined bIio would go raving wild so soon." Then ho added aloud, " Pray, Mrs. Grim, be calm. I really don't quite understand you." i " Oh, no ; of course you don't," sho an swered scornfully. "I never Imagined you would. Oh, you'ro a sly hypocrite, you two- faced villain, you." "Sirs. Grim, do pleaso keop quiet," said Joseph, pleadingly. "See, all the people are looking at us. Como out of the station aud we will talk it all over quietly." " No, sir ; I'll da nothing of the kind," re plied Mrs. Grim, immediately walking straight out of the station. They went a little distance in silence. Joseph was apparently convinced that his mother-in-law had gone crazy, and was wondering how he should get her quietly back to London. While ho was thus ocoupied, she broke in upon his meditations, " Well, sir," sho said, "I suppnso you have induced the wretched woman, whom you have ruined, to return to her home ? It would Bcavcoly do to have her iu your tent whou your wife arrived." " Eh ? Woman I had in my tent ? Induce.! to go homo?" Baid Joseph, with a puzzled look on his faco. " What is this ? Pray go on. I think I am beginuing to understand you," " Oh, you are ? " said Mrs. Grim. " So you had a lady in your tent this morning, had you ?" , "Yes, of course I had. ifow did you know?" . "What?" exclaimed Mrs. Grim, In a shocked tone, and with a look of ' horror. " What ? Do you; confess your perfidy in that Iravofaced and unblushing ..manner? . Why,, this is worse than ever. I thought you would at least have the decency to he ashamed of it." ; "Ashamed of what, Mrs. . Grim ?" inquired Joseph. , : . (,' " Ashamed of what ? Ashamed of your con- duct, sir. How dare you confess so boldly your iniquity' to your Wife's own" mother ?" "What thedeuco oreyou talking about ? I have confessed no iniquity," , ' 1 "... " Oh, indeed 1 so' you consider that It is not | iniquitous to deceive a good'.and'trusting wife? j I suppose that's the way? lawyers Iobk'-'at'suclv | mutters. It's just what one might expedt of men who don't see anything wrong in assisting thioves and murderers for a few dirty-guineas. For my part, I'm only an ordinary : — — " / "Look here, Mrs. Grim," interrupted Jo seph, determinedly, " X. have/Stood this long, unough. I see now what you're driving at. Soiuobody has told you. and BeBsie some ridiculous nouBenso about this lady in . my tent this morning." " Nobody told lior any nonsense. She found it all out herself," "Did she? Well, I hope Bhe will henceforth find abettor way of ocouyingher time, Tho lady iu my tent this morning was. my sister. Sho oamc to England two days ago with her husband, who is ono of the Canadian team. They didn't tell us thoy were coming, intending to surprise us, but when they called at our ad dress they found the house closed up, and nobody could tell them where to find us. This morning, when in the camp, my sister recog nised me. She remained with me while her husband went baok to town to arrange somo business. He iB back again, and both are in my tent now, waiting to he introduced to Bessie. I thought I would surprise her, but I Boom to have got the surprise myself instead. If you wait till I telegraph to lior I will intro duce you to them. Had not our surprises turned out bo frightfully badly to-day I would give them a greater one than any wo have had by introducing you to them as my wife." 