The Scourge of Little Head* ' J3yBingatti. The blue fields of the- South Pacific have their . tyrpnts, little* intermediate, and big, just as the green fields of tgn&Jir;&ig;?*. English, Continental, American, Australian, and .in - the moon— all suffer from some terrestrial plague or other. ; It used to be the greedy, baron, or oz bishop* in old days. Some people say it is:tlie rack-renting landlord now or the squatter. In America they have the choice of Red Indie ns Cowboys, and Rings ; and no dqpbt in good time ui^'Gcrman astronomer, who has juBt detected canals land windinills and church steeples in the moon, will tell us what particular tyrant it is which the % Lunatics have to put up- with. AtLittle Head, a small rocky promontory inthebight between the south e headof Broken Bay and Barrenjuey {mor^classically | Baranjo), the local tyranny used to be administered I sqme |6^^asa^3 by^partic^^tfly«^grov^^^L | to the great house of the Carchariidse- vdtl^ a nictitat I ' ing membrane, or to the T*nnidff, without one, I I never was m^r enough to him to ascertain ; but from I _ his enormous sixe^ I ishould be disposed to give | bi^i the h^hc«t ruik aiBOt^ that t^rible race ot I pelagic pirates, the C^harpdons, whioh the ultimate I authority on^fish, Dr. Giinther, asserts have been | - knpwn to attainthe z»pecUble lengthof 46 feet. |' One species of Carcharodons, named altera naturalist | Kuiddet) who deyot^d a good .deal .of attention to: . the chondropterygran nobility, is probably the Scripr -j - mral fish which gaye Jonah an ajnlum, mistaking the prophet p.o doubt for one of in own offspring, !| and in obedience to the curious instinct which is jj described by Admiral Smyth, quoted at page 429 of 1 that delightful hook, Badham's Prose Haiientica.' . J - As the extract is xot a formidable one, and the if. authority is indisputable, I transfer it with much pleasure to these columns in further support of the scientific theory that the ' tannanim' (whale) of the * - Hebrew Scripture« which 'swallowed Jonah, must 7 'j.' .-T' '* r', ? ??? ? i * t i l^ye beenxa squaltts &nd;nota cetadejto/ 'Ihe vafet ! Mahe bank, the :headfe ;of which foroi the Seychelles' | Itilaudsan flife lndian - Ooean,Jis surtiisingiy infe£ted - ' wifli' shttrkB-^the blue, ;tli4 wJutej 'tiife tager- tiie. ! haminer-iieaded, aiid H-tiiBlr verieti&s; of )hat voracious ^ tribe. ' In January, 1806, an enorihbus temale monster i \- w6b taken in Mah6 Bay, while cruising round onr 'ship ' ; (Qite Corh^allife) in company with.'others of her kind, and' burround(&d; by a numerous .progeny. The ! wekth^r was Bupeih, the water clev as crystal, and - the veBsd seemed to sleep at her anchors, bo that we. - ; saw every obiect in the beBt possible manner. Tlieun-' ' witldy fish was actually caught With a small hook v^h'ich had been haited'for rockcod ; and itis surprising that her attempts to escape .should not have disen gaged her, except perhaps that the peculiarity of her sitUatiaiti in a measufe prevented a full exercise of strength. On the: first perception of danger, ' and' while ehe' &as; being gently drawn alongside, - all the young ones entered her mouth to- reeek safety. With some difficulty and much dexterity ehe was secured and dung,' but Buch was the weight of th6 quarry that it required -the lore and main yard tacldes'to 'hoist her on board. i After giving sundry Violent flaps 'on the deck, she was [overpowered, though still exhibiting that astonishing ?tenacity of life commttn to eold-elooded' creatures. ;But now came the proof that what we had seen was ino deeeptio eisuf. On a large gash being made in the fore part of the belly, we -saw no. 'fewer than 38 young sharks tumble out of the orifice . alive. They 'were each nearly two feet in length, tinted with 'mackerel colours, and their mouths admitted a man'a ;hand with ease.' Now, while I have ' Prose Hali entice ' in my hand, 1 may as well broach my theory k-f Jonah's, discharge from the whale's stomach. .Admiral 'Smyth's story , explains how the prophet igot into the big .fish's interior ; but how did. he get -out ? Facxlis: descensus, &c.;, &c.; ; but what about his .exit i This is the solution, quite simple and in accord lance with, physiological -conditions. Dr. Badham says that, though a shark may swallow all, yet there are some mors els which even a shark cannot stomach. Jonah, I suppose, was such a morsel. He was an indigestible article, which, irritating to an extreme degree the not very sensitive 'ilia' of the animal whose instinct was compelled to give him a sanctuary, acted like a hastily Bwallowed firebrand (which the prophet was) on the viscera of his protector. After sheltering him in his abdominal cavity as . long as he could, the considerate shark was obliged to throw him up as a bad job. : Otherwise that sacred fish would have met the fate which befel a modern and impetuous descendant, told in the Edinburgh Observer : — ' Looking ? over the bul warks of the schooner ' (wrote a correspondent to -that journal) ' I Baw one ot those watchful monsters Winding lazily backwards and forwards like a long meteor ; sometimes rising . till his nose disturbed the surface, and a guBhing sound like a deep breath rose through the breakers ; at others resting motionless on the water, as if listening to our voices and thirsting for our blood. As we were watching the motions of .this monster, Bruce (a lively little negro and my cook) Suggested the possibility ox destroying it. This was 'briefly to heat a firebrick in the stove, wrap it up hastily in some greasy old cloths as a sort of disguise, and then to heave it overboard. This was the work oi a few minutes, and the effect was triumphant. The monster followed after the hissing prey. We saw it dart at the brick like a flash of lightning and gorge it instanter. The shark rose to the surface almost im mediately, and his uneasy motions soon betrayed the Buccess of the manoeuvre ; his agonieB became ter rible, the waters appeared as if disturbed by a violent squall, and the spray was driven over, the taffrail where we stood, while the gleaming body oi the fish repeatedly burst through the dark. waves, as if writhing with fierce and terrible convulsions. Some times also we thought we heard a shrill bellowing cry, ss if indicative of anguish and rage, rising through the gurgling waters. HiS fury, however, was soon exhausted ; in a short time the sounds broke away into distance, and the agitation of the sea subsided ; the shark had given himself up to the tides, as un iable to struggle against the approach of death, and they were carrying hiB body unresistingly to the beach.' ^ , \- The fish which Bwallowed the firebrick and deservedly gave up his cartilaginous ghost in con sequence was, of course, not a 'prepared fish,' as, 'we are told, was the good luck .of the fish which ! swallowed the son cf Amittai. . Of course, some ; German Philistines affect to disbelieve the whole story of Jonah, and call it a fable ; but I believe it to be s narrative.of facts. Jonah was no more than the major | of a Salvation Army of thesCdays, who ought to have i marched on Nineveh. Instead of doing so he ran away to Tarshid and stowed himself away under the 'hatches of a Boston whaler of the time. Afterwards, as everybody knows, a great storm arose, and pro pitiation becoming necessary the lot fell on Jonah, and lie Fas jettisoned. I should like to know whether - any shark, swallowing by mistake or hypredestination, if you will, the major of a modern Salvation Army would give him 'belly room' for so long a time as three days and three nights. SharkB in the tame of Jeroboam might have been, and no doubt were, bo constituted that the accommodation of a firebrand for a few days, more or less, would not inconvenience them; but the modem shark, though he has nnw nmnHintr to swallow a nronhet as his l ancestors had, cannot retain him for the same time : And-this shows, not that the story of Jonah is a myth, but that sharks have degenerated like everything else, prophets included. In the Challenger expedition carcharodon teeth, five inches long and four inches, wide were dredged from the. ooze of the Pacific, between the west coast of America and Tahiti. Ac cording to the formula of the great naturaliBtLacepede, a considerable authprity on sharks, the proportion between a shark's tooth and his body is as 1 to 200. So that the Challenger's Bhark must have been rather | more than 80 feet long ; and following out a similar as determined 2-y the authority just mentioned, the mouth of this monster must have been more than 30 feet in circumference. Quite large enough, dear reader, to swallow At a single gulp half-a-dozen pro Ehete — nay, h'M an ordinary Salvation Army; and aving been raked out . of oceanic ooze, these teeth mufit nave belonged to a giant species quite recently orrHnHL The owner of those teeth nay, for aught I know, have been a contemporary of the .'carcharodon of wbich Jonah made a convenience, and when, well advanced in years could probably gape -his, 10 feet wide and swallow a mastodon whole. So much for ancient sharks, 'which have got tangled up' Into my story in a way most promiscuous ahd unnecessary, seeing that I started to ' give ail account of two interviews with a Selachoid titar, the last of which happened so late as 1870. ^ Hie first was about five years earlier. -Oh 1-oth occasions the scene was on the wide ground abreast of little Head, but on ndtherwas it iny luck to have either a prophet or a rtdhot firebrick en board. Five 'fishing amateurs, or amateur fishermen, had gone to Broken Bay one Christmas vacation, very nearly 20 years ago, to relax theaisdves by exercises in the 'gentle craft,' and I was- one of them. A food-natured fisherman, residing at Schnappermax? 8 lat, had supplied us' with a fine store of bait, chiefly mullet, and shortly after daybreak we were on the school ground, and the beautifully irie -tinted school fith were down below in great form and quantities. In ; those ' days there was no necessity to poke about j under the sculls .to find hefiBh. If you dropped your . stone anywhere within 1 If a furlong of the *' marks ' ' the fish made fast before ur kellick rope was hitched and the oars and sails std ed out of the way. Before breakfast, say about half-p68* 9, we. had rattled ' in several dozens of good count' fish, meaning thereby, fish which go at least 61b. each.; and a miscellanfeouB sprinkling of other reck, fifchi Buch as Sergeant Bakers, Eingfish, and black xoek eod, bore testimony to the well- . deserved ifpute.of Little Head as a fishing ground, As vi'e were discussing the last of a dozen smoked sheep's tongues which composed pur rather im promptu meal, and vnshing that we had the means at hand tp make a cup of coffee or tea (cold water somehow, being, a profitless sort of beverage at break |fast time in . a Bea way), the first whispers of the north-easter passed by, and the scalding sun became [more endurable. There was a general lull, and we all. took advantage of it to fill the unforgotten pipe and speculate on the schnapper steamer that was to come. The materials were already more than suffi cient, and like good fishermen, we made it a duty ! always to keep. our fish sweet, and protect them from the sun's pernicious rays by spreading the square .BaU over them, after they had been well washed, 'wiped dry, and packed on the boat'B gratings. Thus far none of the„squalus tribe had given us any trouble, and in those days leather jackets never had the impudence to trespass on the schnapper grounds. It became necessary, however, to get a fresh relay of : bait, and one of us accordingly turned to and began [splitting and scaling a quantity of large sea mullet, jthe blood and offal of which soon discoloured the 'water, and brought a few small school sharks about. As the north-easter freshened to a pleasant steady 'breeze, we resumed our fishing, but ' the schnapper seemed to have disappeared, and we 'hooked nothing but sharks. ' One or two of these we ?caught and killed with the bayonet, the very best im aginable weapon to give a quietus to sharks. The largest we killed was a fish of about 5 feet long, a tre mendously vigorous young caitiff, whose capture and final despatch occupied at least half-an- hour. He did not take kindly to the bayonet, or I was not very skilf ul, in probing him ; and the water was tinged with his cold gore long before he was quiet enough tp let hiqiself be hauled over the gunwale. He revived a little as we got him into .the boat, and began reaching 'about with his tail, and making things slimy and un pleasant. So I stuck a small shark hook into his mouth and heaved him overboaid, to dangle a fathom or so under the Btern, as a warning to his companions and all other malefactors which might be prowling about. We began to hook some schnappers after finishing this gibbeting business, but our attention was soon unpleasantly concentrated on the existence of some obstacle in the depths below. The fish could not be caught. Some felonious creature relieved us of the trouble of hauling them up to the surface. One of us pulled up the mangled remains of what must have been a good 15-pounder clinging to the hook ; but the others, after losing two or three fish each, with hooks and sinkers to boot, declared that there was a blue pointer at work, and hauled in their lines, with the intention of putting out the big shark line for him. ' There he is '.'yelled out C ? n (a young and im pulsive lad, whona we were breaking-in to business), pointing to an enormous fin (it seemed more than a foot and a-half out of the water) moving obliquely as if to cross our bo w. Suddenly the fin disappeared, and I stole a glance at my companions There he was indeed — no mistake about that. One of us instantly armed himself with the bayonet staff, and another with the dollar-head lance, both formidable implements to resist any ordinary shark's attack. I bethought my self of the shark which was hung astern, and after a second of doubt whether 1 should haul the carcass into the boat or pay out more line, determined to pay out line; but I had not commenced doing bo before shark and line were suddenly swept away, and looking over the tuck I caught sight of a huge moving mass, pale grey in colour, but with that indescribable presence of an apparition about it which for the moment forbids the eye of an ordinary mortal to dis tinguish among other horrors that of colour. Of the Kafoozlum's crew, one averred that it was blue, another that it was green, but all agreed that the monster could be no other than the terrible Little Head Shark of which we had all heard so many grim stories from the fishermen of Schnapperman's Flatr I could have touched him . with the _ boathook as he passed under our bottom, moving quite leisurely and as if in quest of further supplies of school Bhark. We all stood up, more in horror than in homage, I imagine, if the truth were to be told, and the sight of those why had armed than, selves with the bayonet and lance, and peered with ashen faces over the gunwale was one not to be for gotten. I suppose each one pf us must have been . a spectacle to his neighbour, as the brute's immense : tail, perhaps the upper lobe of it, grazed the lower Btrakes of the boat and smote with a terror not to be concealed the hearts of those who knew that only a half inch of frail planking was between them and death. One well-directed 6troke from that natural \- hammer and our little craft would have been shattered to pieces. He disappeared phantom- wise, as he came, and then without waiting for the word all of ub sprang to the kellick-line, and in less time than ; ever I knew the Btone was up, and the mast stepped, , end sail unfurled and spreeted. There was no more ! fishing left in any of us. We had seen enough of the creature of which we had heard so much, enough to believe in all the tales told of it. As I shipped the rudder and took one laBt glance into the blue depthfil saw the outline, faint and ghostlike, for the second time, of that terrible lamia; but I-said nothing, for my companions were busy setting down : the lanyards of : the shrouds and clearing away the jib-sheets* We felt, too, that no apology was needed for our hasty departure, and as we rounded Barrenjuey halfan hour afterwards on our way to the camp ashore, and the customary colour came back to our faces, many a long sigh of relief betokened the restoration of that equanimity which had been eo ruthlessly disturbed during our first short interview with the Scourge of Little Head. After a time we mustered up courage enough to discuss the creature's length and. general appearance. Opinions differed as tothe first, eome of us declaring it to be at least 30 feet long, but there was no denying that iu appearance it surpassed the most hideous spectre any of ub had ever interviewed during intervals devoted to nightmare. On our way to Correel, where we had , onr camp, we touched at Schnapperman's Flat to dis tribute a few dozen schnappers among our good friends. And I well remember ' Black Joe,' as the Cape De Verde fisherman used to be called who was then -living in a small hut near the beach, while engaged in fialiing for the Chinamen, coming down to us, and directly he noticed our faces asking me what the matter was r I said, ' Why, Joe, we have all had our first sight of the Little Head Shark, that's all.'- ' Enough, too, sir,' replied Joe, with a suppressed shudder. 'I know him— we all know him, on the fiat. There's more than £20 worth of oil in his liver, sir *' added Joe), with a sudden change from the melodramatic to the utilitarian. My second interview with this valuable but most truculent and paralysing of sea pirates took plaee some five yenrs afterwards, in early autumn of 18?0- I need ; hardly say that it, too, was' involuntary. One Satur- ; jday evening I had taken a little ocean constitutional to Broken Bry in company with'a friend who owned '? : a' sihalT fore-and-aft schooner yachto? about; 12^ton^' ^ and vei-y long, Jow, apd marrow. In the well amid- r shipB between tbe fore and mainmast she otimed a 10- , fd6t dingy, and her crew was made lip pf ' two stout , lads, one of whom is how eaiUng. iaaster pf jtheMagic; theotherof theOithona, We had apleasant -run up to the Basin in thfjbnght' moonlight, with a jnice whole-eail south-easter behind, and next morning, after catching a good supply of 'bait at the old bufe ground abreast of Mackerel Beach, we started home as iBGon ae the north-easter had strength enough to take us out of' Pitt water. Off Xittle Head vre tried the ; fnshore gipund, fishing hove-to over the side of the I yacht. -After an hour'a drifting about, finding the fisli very scarce we launched the clingy out of the well and the crew (Sam and his brother) readily enough I manned' her -and pulled away to a ground they knew, where we saw them drop kellick and set to work fish- . ing in earpest. We kept moving about with the Btay- , Bail to windward, fores ail on deck, tack of the main kail up, -and jib at liberty, sometimes watching the - clingy and at other timeB trying for a fish ourselves. - Alter idling away half-an-hour or so in this way, I ; happened to look over the rail[to windward, and there, ^ about a couple of fathoms below the surface, lay, as if suspended, the well-known and for the, time being , almost motionless ruffian of Little ;Head. , This time ; I was able to determine the monBter's longitude with something like exactness, for as I called my friend O's attention to him, he slowly rose very nearly to the surface, and ss on the first occasion of seeing him, I pould easily have struck him with a boathook. His .. head was level ' with, the yacht's foremast, and the fork of his tail just reached -the sternpost. . This space we knew to be exactly 27 feet, the yacht being over all- just 42 feet. In bulk the hideous monster seemed every whit as broad and deep as the yacht, and there was a revolting insouciance about him and liis movements which we both thought rather . ominous. Suddenly a new idea Beemed to strike him, for he disappeared, leaving a well-developed wake, as far as we could discern his track. Aad, merciful powers ! that was in the direction of the poor little nutshell of a dingy. Without waiting a second I sprang forward, hoisted the foresail, and trimmed the staysail and jib, while my friend dropped the tack of the mainsail, and with helm hard up brought the little vessel off the wind. Off we scooted to the dingy, from {which we were distant not more [than a good quarter of a mile. Long before we got within hail of her we Baw her crew standing up and making frantic efforts with the sculls to ward off some sudden foe. It was the big shark, as we learnt afterwards, which began operations at first by taking off the Bchnappers, and when its ravenous appetite had been, rather sharpened than appeased by such small morsels of food, it attacked the boat and her crew. By dint of constantly striking at the brute's head and eyes the boys managed to save their lives. We bore down only I just in time. A few minutes more and there would have been nothing left of them or of the boat. As it was the rescue was not a moment too soon. We ran right down on the boat, nearly swamping her as the brave lads jumped on board, with chattering teeth and faces convulsed with horror, like men who had . not only seen but had passed through a death struggle with some fearful apparition. I made them j take a little brandy, but the reaction was very hard, j on them. After getting them safely onboard, we hove about and secured the dingy and a good freight of Bchnapper. The Scourge of Little Head could not have knpwn what the contents of that dingy were, or he would surely have insisted on his right to take tithe of all fish caught on hiB own domain. I never saw more of him ; but years afterwards was told that an. immense shark as long as a whaleboat had been shot and killed by an American whaler's crew about 80 miles to the eastward of Broken Bay. The instru ment of death, they told me, was one of those explo- ; sive shells which have recently become part of the whaler's artillery. At all events, since that announce ment, I have heard no more of the monster which once infested the school grounds ofE Little Head, and whose liver alone Black Joe declared to be worth £20. 