Music and Drama. The musical news of the past week has been of ex ceptional interest, and the records of the first per foimance of Mendelssohn's 'Antigone' mark an event of importance not only to Sydney readers, but in the musical world of Australia. His Excellency the Governor, who is patron of the society, in ex pressing his pleasure at attending the concert, wrote to Sir Patrick Jennings, K.C.M.G., the president, and in his letter stated : ' It is a curious fact that I went to Potsdam with my friend Felix Mendelssohn (when he conducted the orchestra) on the first occasion when the whole play was acted in German (Dormer's famous translation) beiore JfreaeriCK Wiiaam.lV. That is now nearly 43 years ago, and doubtless then the probabilities of Lord Augustus Loftu' beins: the Governor of this colony were as distant to his mind as the idea of Mendelssohn's marvellous music being produced in what was then a comparatively unknown country. The programme, in addition to the ' Anti gone,' in which the dialogue had been condensed and a ery cleverly arranged by Hen Max Vogrich, with an eloquent tribute to the genius of Mendelssohn added by the same artist, included two of the Hungarian Dances which Johannes Brahms arranged as pianoforte duets, and which are among the favourite numbers in the programmes of the Monday Popular Concerts, arranged for the orchestra by Herr Vogrich; a violin solo, iantasiaon Russian airs (Wienia-wski), by M. F. de Willimoff, an artist recently arrived in Sydney and who comes from the Vienna-Conservatoire ; two songs by the distinguished tenor Mr, Armes Beaumont, engaged expressly for this occasion, ' The Pilgrim,' by Stephen Adams, and 'An Evening Song,' by Blumenthal ; and three part-songs by the Liedertafel, ' Must I then part from thee,' Otto, ' Ave Maria,'* Abt, and the ' Loyal Song,' by Kiicken. These were heard at the previous smoke-night, but were quite new to the lady visitors. The details of the perform ance, owing to the hour at which the Mail goes to press, are necessarily held over. For the present it must suffice to «ay that the concert1 was successful in tvery way that it is possible or desirable that it could be. 'The immense hall was. filled, in every part, and the applause at the termination, of the first part was loud and continued. - '' At the Theatre Royal on Saturday night Gilbert and Sullivan's aesthetic opera /' Patience' wasrevived in presence of an immense and enthusiastic audience. The music is generally -of a more refined character than thatof the 'Pirates.' 'Prithee, pretty maiden,1' the song for Lady Jane, and one at least of the airs for Patience are charmingly -melodious, and in the chorus of the maidens, during which the dragoons eing, ' Now is not this ridiculous,' &c;, is as pretty and effective as it is 'musically clever. The dialogue throughout is very witty, and the revival ol each of the works by these accomplished partners only serves to show that the words of their' operas are immensely superior to the ordinary opera bouffe class, and that the music is equal to the best of Offen bach (and free from its many tinges of vulgarity) or of Lecocq. The heroine was represented by miss Annis Montague; Grosvenor, by Mr. Charles Turner. Mosic /ally they acquitted themselves very satisfactorily, Mies Montague especially singing ' Love is a plaintive eong' with great effect and in excellent . style ; but the musical success was sadly marred , by imperfect renderings' of the dialogue, particu larly in the case of . Mr. Turner, and. the dis appointment in the expectations of the public from these parts, as played by tiie artists named, has been great and general. The other principals have im proved considerably. Miss Fanny Iiddiard is very acceptable as Lady Jane ; Miss Ida Osborne, an ex cellent Lady. Angela; Miss Liilie Forde and Miss Maggie Stewart, good, as the' ladies Saphir and Ella ; Mr. Woodfield puts much spirit into the interpolated air which he sings soon after 'his entrance, but in the appeal to the maidens, ' your maiden hearts,' falls very far short of the original Duke of Dunstable, and in the sextette the deficiency . is even more noticeable, and the part formerly sung by Miss Bessie Royal, was comparatively inaudible. As Bunthorne Mr. Howard Vernon has entirely won the hearts of his hearers ; he has certainly studied the part most carefully, and if his interpretation becomes a little exaggerated in the duet with Lady Jane, it is due to the evident favour with which the public welcome it. In the first act he is singularly success^, ful, and merits the heartiest recognition of his work. Mr. Grundy as the Colonel, and Mr. John Forde as the Major, are welcome as ever, and the choruses, the picturesque scenery, the graceful and artistic dresses of the ladies, the correctness of the uniforms, and the soldierly bearing of the , dragoon*, command a&d; receive the warmest admiration. -? ? . . .' ... On Friday might 'Patience ' was played for toe lest time and a portion of ' Lucia di Lammermoor,' both being for the benefit of Miss Montague. Of this details must be given next week. To-night 'Les Cloches.de CorneviUe '' will be revived, when Miss Nellie Stewart and Mr. John Wallace will make their first appearance in the pre sent season. '?.'.-;? . , . At the Opera-house, on Saturday last, Miss Jennie Lee appeared as Madame de Prunelles, in Victoriea Sardous play, ' Divorgons.' This drama has for its foundation an attempt made in 1882 to pass & bill for divorce in the French Chamber. The anxiety among; several married couples is very great, and the heroine is avowedly waiting for the passing of this law to effect an immediate separation from her somewhat matured spouse and to form a union with her cousin, Adhemar, a young officer and dandy. M. de Prunelles, who suspects his wife is unduly attached to her cousin, determines' on a plan by which, sus picion shall become certainty. He affixes electric bells to the doors leading by a private entrance to and from his wife's boudoir; these are set in motion on the . entry of young Adhemar, and great are the confusion and discomfiture of the dis covered lovers. A second time Adhemar is caught through the mysterious^ bells. This time, however, he brings a telegram (a forged one) stating that the Divorce Bill has passed by a Urge majority, and forthwith M. de Prunelles consents to a divorce, carefully informing his wife that 10 months must elapse before the marital bond can be broken, and three years after that before a second marriage can be contracted. In the meantime, knowing his wife's ardent devotion for Adhemar, he will do all to secure her happiness and leave her free to receive the visits of her future husband. Thereupon the old story follows — the love permitted loses its charm. Madame de Prunelles discovers that Adhemar is very stupid, and that she loves her husband much better than her cousin, and Adhemar finds out that the lady's fortune would not supply half her wants. A clever trick is played upon him by the husband taking his wife, at her earnest request, to a fashionable restaurant after she had arranged a tete-a-tete with her lover. The lover follows in hot haste, but is despatched first to one sick aunt and then another, finding himself after several hours' exposure to snow and hunger a deluded victim to feminine caprice. In the end his forgery of the telegram is discovered, the bill is rejected by a large majority, M. and Madame de Prunelles are reunited with far greater pros pects of happiness than in their early married days, and the lover cousin goes off to his military duties. There are some good characters in Colonel Bastion (Mr. E. Palmer), Madame de Brionne (Miss Blanche Lewis), Josephine the soubrette (Miss Ada Lee), Tibouton a larrikin in buttons (Master Harry Smith), and Joseph the restaurant waiter (Mr. Edwin Lester). Mr. George Forbes was an amusing Adhemar ; his half- starved look as he surveyed the remains of the dinner after his fruitless chase in the enow brought the house down. Mr. James Carden was better placed than - in many of his recent assumptions, and Miss Jennie Lee, though betraying too many reminiscences of the peculiarities of Jo and the Grasshopper, was on the whole successful as Madame de PruneUes. The piece was handsomely mounted,' and in the hands of certain actors might be made very attractive. The audience approved, and testified their pleasure by marked demonstrations. . To-night the 'Shaughraun'' will be produced, with Miss Jennie Lee as Conn the Shaughraun for the first time oh any stage. The Juveniles at the Gaiety have been playing 'Pinafore' during the week, . and their per formance is far more agreeable than in the ' Grand Duchess.' Mies Amelia Hodge is Josephine; Miss Amy Childs, Ralph Rackstraw; Mies Dolly Inman, Sir Joseph Porter; Miss; Fanny Stanley, Buttercup; and each was warmly received and deserved the. applause. The other principals were Captain , Corcoran by_ Master R. Stephenson; Dick Deadeye, Master Willie Driscoll;1 and both were good and much applauded for their pans* Tof-night (Saturday) « Jack the Giant Killer,' which has been specially localised, is to be produced with great splendour. - ' -1 ' -'?? The Federal Minstrels anhdunce*another change of programme.' The*. jokes of Messrs. Frank Hussey and Horace Bent Tetain all thpir fuh,Vand are 'con- tinually varied ; Mr.: Carroll, the two-T6iced singer, contributes some good songs. ' Mr. Johnny !Odwan. ;is also very funny,, and after 114 performances this season the company as a whole is, if possible, more. popular than at the commencement; ??.?.* On Tuesday there was a concert in :tbe New Masonic Hall in aid of the funds of St. Benedict's Church. The principal vocalists were Signora Fabris, who in Luzzi's 'Mia Madre,'r the solo ' Inflaih matuB,1' from Rossini's ' StabatMater,' andthesolp to the spirited Rataplan chorus from Verdi's ' Forza del Destino,' gave great proof of her high artistic skill and fine voice. Madame Manus also ablviobk part, securing an encore for 'The Minstrel soy.' The Misses De Fontaine, Miss Peate, Miss Mooney, MissWatt, Mr. D.Kelly, and Mr. Mooney contributed, effective numbers of the programme. Muses'. Camp bell and James were accompanyists ; and Mr. Charles Huenerbein gave great pleasure bv his rendering , of two pianoforte soIob, that on Irish airs creating a furore. - ? . ; * Ihe opening night of 'Macbeth' in Melbourne was a 'thorough, success, the. audience being large and enthusiastic ; and a special 'demonstration was made by over 100 ot the medical students of the Mel bourne University,- who, taking possession of the beat seats in the gallery, waved flags of greeting to Miss Genevieye Ward, and kept the audience thoroughly amused in the entr 'actes witttsongs and choruses. A correspondent writes : ' During the play they were still as ghosts, save when Macbeth said, 'Throw physic to the dogs,' which phrase they resented with. 6ome good natured chaff .' ? ' * News has been received of the coming, by tiie 'next mail from America, of a complete concert company, including Eduard Remcriyi, the famous Hungarian violiniet. - . , . ' On Tuesday next, the anniversary of the death of the late ~ Archbishop Vaughan, Mozart's Requiem Mass will be sung in St. Mary's Cathedral. ' ' '?' '? ? The Bach monument at Eisenbach -will be unveiled on the 28th September. There will be a series of concerts in connection with the event, at one of which the B minor mass by John Sebastian Bach will be conducted by Professor Joachim. ' , ' '- The concert got up by MM. Colonhe andFaure at the Trocadero (Paris) for the benefit of M. Pasdeloup was in every, respect a success; The financial result presents the pretty sum of lOOftOO francs (£4000). If from a strictly artistic point of view the concert left something to be desired, it must be admitted that the executive forces that took part In it are almost un paralleled in -number and splendour. Gounod, Leo Delibes, Saint-Saens, Massenet, Joncieres, and others, conducted some of their works ; among the vocalists were MM. Faure, Capoul, Dereims, Mes dames Nevada, Adler-Devries, Richard, &c.; ; and the violin part in Gounod's ' Meditation ' was per formed by Alard, Dancla, Sivori, Marsick, Herman, Remy, &c.t; Saict-Saeins, being at the organ, la the ? ' is' ??\ ifcuwexJl Hie proceedings -3fotm4d made a speech; and; presented to M. Pasdeloup a wreath. ;Need_we say. 'piat Uie Sounder aril -»nductor of the Concerts Popvlaires deserved all this and much more? We * ' J UiinJc riot: has merit* can hardly be ovex-estiinBted, and the fact ifl generally known. . ' 13ie concert of the St. Cecilia Society took place at 6t James's Hall on Thursday, June 19. The stringed land and 'chorus were composed entirely of ladies. There -were interesting pieces by Hiller, Stanford, SpontM, Schubert, and Mr. M, XAWBon, the eonduc ? -tor. Some of the chorus-singing was good, but the band sot always is tune. Miss Mary Carmichael played in a skilful manner two movements from. Bach's concerto in D minor. The committee lor the erection of a Mozart monu ment at Vienna has as yet in its hands only 50,000 florins. More than 100,000 florins, however, aTe re ' quired. Hence an appeal is made to natives and for— \ eigners for contributions. It is to be hoped that the * appeal is not made in -vain. All nations ought to be ready to do honour to the most universally loved and .-understood composer. : . The Grand Duke of Hesse has conferred the gold medal for Art and Science on Mr. M'Kenzie, whose opera ' Colomba,' as our readers will remember, was performed with much applause on the occasion of the -wedding of Prince Louis of Battenberg at Darm stadt. A eonseryatorio has been founded at Karlsruhe. It is provided with the following staff of teachers, under the directorship of Heinrich Ordenstein: — A. Fuhr, Dr. R. von Kober, M. Fauer, J. Siebenrock,E. Stein warz, Heedames A, Battlehner, P. Kramer, and A. Scharf pianoforte), H. Deeke, L. Hoitz (vxolin), W. Lindner (violoncello}, J. Hauser (solo singing), Edward . Stein war z (theory), Vincenz Lachner (advanced com pOBition, score-playing, and conducting), Dr. E. von Kober (history of music). The institution, which opened with 70 pupils, is under the protection of the Grand Duchess Louisa of Baden, and receives an annual subvention of 3000 mark. The inducements -which decided court-chapel - master Wullner of Dresden to accept the posts lately vacated by F. Hiller of Cologne were : a salary of .16,000 mark a. life insurance of 100,000 mark, and leave of absence to conduct five Philharmonic concerts at Berlin. '...Sit Julius Benedict, the eminent composer, per* ' former, and teacher, has laboured in England for half a'century ; and it is even 60 years since he was ap pointed, on Weber's recommendation, to conduct a \ series of Operatic performances at Vienna. From that time down to the present his life has been one of ceaseless activity. '.His career has been not only one of remarkable length but one of great and continued artistic success. As a composer, it is sufficient to name ..his 'Lily of Killarney,' an opera which speedily achieved a popularity which it still main tains. The production of his oratorio, ' St. Peter,' at the Birmingham Festival of 1870, proved that he could worthily attempt one of the highest forms of 'musical art ; and, again, in 1873, the ' performance of his, symphony at the Crystal Palace showed that age had not cooled bis ardour or weakened his intellect. 1 Another feature in the career ol Sir Julius is the post of conductor, which he held so long ' arid so ably at, the Monday Popular Concerts. The Jubilee concerts held at the Albert Hall on Friday land Saturday (June 6 and 7) are therefore events . which deserve to be chronicled. At the first ' St. .' 3M*r ' w,as given ; the second one was miscellaneous, / and, as .usual, a host of celebrities figured in the pro * gramme. As a special feature of the concert we may mention the violin playing of Madame Sembrich, prixna donna in the Italian Opera Company; she performed With brilliant success the 'Andante' and . ;^«Ifa-hdo:**! from De Berliot's concerto in D. Sir Julius' ' Benedict made a short speech ? expressing ' thaiiktulness for the many kindnesses shown to him ' -'by' profemonal musicians. The attendance on the ^Ifrida^ evtning was only moderate, but there was a ' ] large gathering on the Saturday afternoon. At the Kojal Academy of Music, London, the Lady -jh6)dtBoid Scholarship was competed fox on the 5th June. The eiaminers were Messrs. W. Dorrell, H. R. jEyers, F. B. Jensen, H. C. Lunn, Walter Macfarren, TtHaxold Thomas, Frederick Westlake, and the Princi pal' (chairman). The scholarship was awarded to Lilian MunBter. The Sterndale Bennett scholarship wasjcompetedforonthe same day. The examiners were . Messrs. 'W. Dorrell, H.B. Eyers, F. B. Jewssn, ? 'VSTalter Maicfarreri, C. Steggall, F. Westlake, and the Principal (chairman). The scholarship was. awarded to Septimus Webbe. TheSantley prize(apurseof 10 guineas^ for accompaniment on the pianoforte) was competed for on the 7th June, and awarded to Agnus Serruys. The Evill prize (a purse of 10 guineas for declamatory English singing) was competed for on ?the same day, and awarded to Walter Mackway. The Llewelyn Thomas Gold Medel (for declamatory sing ing) was also, competed for. on the 7th. June, the ^Examiners at the three last-named competitions being .Messrs, G. H. Betjemann, C. Santley, and J. Barnby IChalrman). ' ..The medal was awarded to, Marie Eflieriiigton. The Parepa-Kosa Scholarship, for vpcaliBtB, was competed for on the 21st June. The Examiners were Messrs. 1'. It. Cos, W. H. Cumm , inge,; tE. Kori, and M. Garcia (Chairman). The 'Scholarship i was awarded to Fanny Eliza Ro we. The . eojepetitioB for $fce Residue of the Potter Exhibi tion (two terms) was competed lor' on the 24th , June. The, examiners were Messrs. H. B. Eyers, H. C. Lunn, Bririley Richards, F. Westlake, end the -Principal (Chairman). The Exhibition was awarded . tb-*. W,& Cxowitex. ?.-???. , ,',. At the final concert of the New York Chorus So , aety Auton Dvorak's ' Stabat Mater' was produced 'iot£he;urs^^ein America before an overflowing , .' audience.: The performance, was admirable, and the -/worit made a profound impression.* The best criti ' * c^^liichhto.to^ : , -.\ .^'Silijoin has anew work of sterling merit met with , euch immediate end emphatic success. Those who . observe the! signs of the times must perceive that now 'the fountains of Italian music are exhausted anew ...stream oi melody is being turned into European anasifi. It is more healthy in tone, lees artificial Id etrxLCtare, and. suggeststthe open fields and forests iather thin the hothouses in which fioritur and rank arias are reared. The * Stabat Mater' illustrates, this jjBew tendency. Tt is not only full of melody, but ' thy melody is sijnplfc *»d- yet 'never' common I place, because it rests on a substantial, rich, -and . varied harmonic basis. The accom r pariimerit also is melodious in all its parts, and . ' ihJ8 gives the score -a polyphonic aspect, although ' 'ne?er at the expense of clearness. The changes of key ere often, surprisingly beautiful, being sometimes '.. bronght about through a suspension, at other times 3-y an abrupt but natural transition which suggests Schubert in manner rather than in substance. ^The. in* r.«trumentation. gives evidence of an exquisite colour ' senBe, rare even at the present day- All the families .of instruments are impartially considered, and true 'genius is displayed in the manner in which certiiri ' instruments are combined with the voices, no less than in the transitions from one tint to another, which are always arranged with a sense analagous to that for . complementary colours arid contrasts in the world of. 'sight; and this is a tealure to which most composers dp not pay sufficient. attention.. Dvorak's treatment of the voices is no less commendable than that of the astiuiDejite.' . ? 