A GHOST'S FALSE STORY OP A MURDER. Fiuis Alien has been 6erving a life sentence in Fort Madison Penitentiary, Iowa, since November, 1879, for the uiur.ier of John Long, an old farmer, of Tieuionl County. Lie was convicted on the testimony of Long's wife, wbo confessad to having been an accomplice in the crime, and now, after having been imprisoned over four years, the Senate investigating committee has con cluded that Allen was perfectly innocent of the crime, and has unanimously reported in favor of his immediate pardon. The testi mony upon which this report is baeed unfolds one of the most curious stories cf circumstantial evidence that ever was told, and has in it a supernatural element which adds greatly to the strangeness of the tale. It is thus told by a Des Moines correspon dent of the N'to York Thnes : — Finis Alien is the eon of a farmer, but he was delicate from his boyhood, and instead of working, like his brothers, on the farm, he devoted him eelf to house-work, and became a very {pod cook. Early in 1878, when about 18. years old, young Allen went to live with John Long, at Manti, Frcemont County, by whom he was hired to help Mrs. .Long in the house. John Long was 70 and his wife was 67 years old at this time, and Finis proved a valuable addition to the household of the old couple. Matters went quietly along until January 16, 1879, when John Long was found early in the morning dead in his barn, lying in a stall almost under the heels of a vicious colt. There were several cuts and bruises on his body, and everything indicated that he had been kicked to death by the colt. There was blood oa the planks and wall of the stable near the body, and the wounds were apparently such as would result from the kick of a sharp-shod horse. In both hands the dead man had grasped the litter of the stable eo firmly that the hands had to be soaked in hot water before they could be opened. The premises were thoroughly searched for evidence of foul play, but nothing was found. A light snow had fallen early in the night, but there were no blood stains or unusual tracks outside the f ible. Mrs. Long told the Coroner's jury \- aat she and her husband had been awakened about three o'clock in the morn ing by the noise of the horses kicking and plunging in the stables. Mr. Long went out to the stable, and, after waiting for Mm to return for some time, she followed him. Upon finding him dead she ran to the house of Daniel Torrance, a farmer, and aroused him. Torrance woke Finis Ellen, who had been sleeping upstairs, and the two men removed the body from the heels of the colt. The jury, after hearing this statement and examining the premises, returned a ver dict that Long had beeu kicked to death by the horse, and the body was buried. A meeting of the heirs was then held, and Mrs. Long produced a will made just before his death by her husband in which all the property was left to her. She declared that she intended to keep the entire estate for herself and Finis Allen, who had been a better boy to her than any of her own eons. A quarrel followed over the property, and suspicion began to be aroused. About this time the newspapers were full of the Black murder case in Wisconsin, in which it was proved that a wife had conspired with a hired man to murder her husband, and to avert suspicion the body was thrown under the heels of a horse. There was much shaking of heads and comment over the similarity of the two cases, and finally Long's body was dug up and a second inquest was held. The doctors disagreed about the character of the wounds, and the verdict was that the old man came to his death 'from injuries inflicted by the kick ing of the horse, or in some other manner to the jury unknown.' A reward was offered for further information, and detec tives were at once put to work on the case. Mrs. Long was a member of the nonpoly gamous branch of the Mormon Church, and she had implicit faith in a Mormon elder of the neighborhood, named Matthews, who was reported to hold converse with the spirits of the dead. This elder, after the second inquest, was confronted, as he claimed, by the ghost of John Long, which told him that Finis Allen killed him and threw him in the stable behind the horse. The elder reported this ghostly interview first to a lawyer, who laughed at it, and afterwards to some of his followers, who beard it with unquestioning credulity. Meanwhile the detectives had been working on Mrs. Long, and finally one of them in duced her to make a confession, and on this a preliminary information ~ was filed, and both Mrs. Long - and Finis Allen were arrested and thrown into gaol to await the action of the grand jury. When the grand jury met, she next was told that if she -would turn State's evidence she would be released at once. The Mormon elder sat directly in front of her, and made her ' look him squarely in the eye,' and by this and other mesmeric performances the old woman was induced to confirm the revelation made to her spiritual adviser by the ghost, »nd to confess that ' Finis made away with the old man.' An indictment was found against Allen, and his trial began in November, 1879\. Mrs. Long swore that Finia came downstairs in the night and attacked the old man in bed, strikjng him on the head with r hammer. Long sprung from the bed, and in the struggle which followed the handle of the hammer was broken, and Finis then killed Long with the fire shovel. She and Finis bumed a blanket that was stained -with blood, and washed the stains out of the carpet, and Finis then took the body to the stable, and passing behind the heels of five horses, threw it where it was found, at the back of the vicious colt in the sixth stall. The old woman described the hammer, which had been on the farm for years, and was of a size and shape that would at once attract attention. A hammer answering the description was put in evidence, aud Finis Allen was convicted of murder in the first degree, and sentenced to the peni tentiary for life. The hammer was the con necting link in the chain of evidence, and this has now apparently been broken by the testimony just secured by the Senate com mittee. The inconsistency of the story that Long was killed in the house is shown by an affidavit of Daniel Torrance, who was the first man at the etable on the night of the murder. He swears that there was no blood on the snow, as there would have been had he been carried to the stable, and that opposite the head of the stable wall was a spot of blood which had every appear ance of having spurted on it and then run down. A farmer named L. P. Allen made an affidavit that he assisted Lonjr in build ing a corn crib in November, 1878, and thai Vfhile building- it the old man lost the iden tical hammer with which it \v:is proved on the trial that he was killed. The hammer was lost in the crib, and though a long search was made for it, it was not found. Tlijs waq two months before Farmer Long wa- found dead in his sUbie. Stephen D. Newton, auothor farmer, sv.ore thai he was present on the 1st June or July, 1879, wht-n a crib of corn was shelled ou tliu farm of Mrs. Lonp. It was the same crib that Far:aer AUea had helped Long to build. Newton saw ft man Uhmed A. D. Cnlrin pick a hammer out of the crib from which Vf.y were shel ing. It was an old rivetingham mer, the same which was lost in the preceding November, and which was produced at the trial as the instrument with which Fiuis hnd attacked Long- in bed. It was piven to llenry Long, a son of. the dead man. Newton's testimony ia confirmed by Charles Banks, who also saw the hauiuier found, and swears that it was given to Henry Long. The effect of the evidence is to show that the hammer which 'was pro duced at the trial of Finis as the weapon which he had used to kill Long in bed was used iu the corn crib two months before, and was not found until five or sis: months after the old man's death. The committee secured another evidence showing con clusively that Mrs. Long had been under the influence of the Mormon elder, Matthews, when she made her so-called confession ; that her son Henry and her daughter, Mrs. Wilcox, had induced her to swear falsely against Finis Allen by telling her that it was her only chance of getting out of prison ; and that she had contradicted her assertion that Allen was guilty since he has been in prison, saying to J. S. Morris, one of the witnesses, that the ' charges were false; that she had been scared into swearing against young Allen, and that her testimony was false, and was so given through the threats and intimidations of others.' There is no doubt that young Allen will be pardoned at once. 