" The Long Pack." High up among the hills, on the wagon road that runs through the Cascita pass, is !a. smanll tavern, much frequented. by'com- t 'niercial travellers, and which bears the odd N title of " The Long Pack." t "Does that mean a long pack of cards?" I inquired a traveller, glancing at the swing- c ing signboard, which also represented the r weather-worn picture of something faintly i resembling a soldier's overgrown knapsack. E "No," replied the grey- headed landlord. t "It means a peddler's pack. Nowadays r they call them sample cases, I believe," d pointing to the baggage of several commer cial drummers that stood in a corner. "You a see,I have a good deal of that sort of cus tom. I try to make the 'road boys' as i: comfortable as possible, for I was a little too r hard on their fraternity once." "How was that ?" "Well," said the mountain Boniface, who had waited until his daughter, a buxom f F?:'matron had left the room, "it ain't a very 1 pleasant story, but I like to tell it some- h times, just to remind myself that the worst b thing a man can have in this world is a hot, I obstinate temper. You see, I came to this I coast soon after the gold fever broke out, r and settled down in the Santa Barbara t valley, below here, ranchiiig. I was as widower even then, and had brought with I me.from the states my only child-a 'daugh- I ter, past seventeen. She was a pretty girl, if I do say it, and being as good as pretty, you can imagine I was quite wrapped up' in her. Of course, I was anxious to keep her with me, and if not that, at least I f looked for her to do something better than fall in love with a peddler." ="t $ "And she did ?" "t Yes; you see, in those days .the coun- t tr' was full of young fellows who had struck t out for themselves, and were trying to get I a satart by carrying knick.knacks around " from one mining camp to another. Some of ';?theih were lively chaps enough and well 1 educated, but I was fresh from the States, I with all the western prejudices, and it almost t drove me wild when Nellie told me she I wanted to marry a young fellow who brought I his pack through our district a good deal I oftener than the trade seemed to require. I 1 was a hot-tempered fool in those days, so I stormed, threatened, locked Nellie' up for I a week, and sent word to her loyer that I I had loaded my gun for wildcats 4nd ped- I dlers." f" What did Nellie do?" . " Youn might have guessed iti ' stranger. One day when I came back fromna cattle I _.vale8 she .was missing. ; I'chased her a couple S:of days, but.they had taken to the tall tim. ber and it was no use,. After a while I got .a letter from 'Frisco,,and' I'wrote back say 'gin that I disownef, her, and that 'he had ` better keep 'out' of the range of inmy deer rifle.' 'di y "What'did you do then?'. . "Suffered, mister--just suffered. "I knew I w?l wrong, but I'd have died rather than give in. For four years I lived like a toad in a rock, hating the whole world. All the pleasure I had was in watching for peddlers. The nimber I chased off the ranch during 1 that time would astonish you. One evening, Safter a terrible rainstorm, one of the tribe came to my house and asked for shelter for the night. He was a thin,, weak looking fellow, with his face covered by a huge l E- -gd' heard. He carried on his back an enormously long and heavy pack, and seemed so exhausted with his tramp through the mire that I hadn't the heart to do more than order him off the place. "That, was pretty, hard,'. said: the list. ener. .. "I suppose it was. The peddler, seemed Sall, broke ppl when ?he i found I wouldn't eyengive him' bunch'of straw in the sta-: ble, hand no other house within twelve miles. Instead of complaining, however, he merely begged that Iavould. let him leavethe pack,; which he said cdntjlined?goods! of value, under shelter from the- rain. I finally conl: Sserted to this.' So,'as I had :swornl one bf Ihis trade should never cross my threshold, .,Icarried his pack inside, while its owner, liiped 'off to crawl under some buish, or other." " Di"?D 'tL yvoid feel!nean" 1 )" Ii ? i " Yes; mean and bitter at the same time, for 'omething .about the .man reminded mie of N1ellie's husband a littie "However, I 'locked and barred all the doors and win o?.Wis, as usual, for some road"agents had -:beenii around those parts about that time, and had stood up and robbed sonie ratlch era, and, as I told you, I was all alone. ' Soimehow I couldn't go to sleepl ivwen, S"'after 'that, I went 'to bed. After tossing, !aroniind for awhile, I got up and sats by the 'ifife, brobbding over my trouble,' and 'trying not to think of the poor devil shivering out i thir'e- in the: cold and rain somewhere, i I !'!lo6ked at his pack sitting up inttlie'corner, and wondered what made it so long. As I Iwatched it, I fancied I saw it move.."~ '" i Saw it move ?" "Exactly, I wouldn't believe my eyes at ;h.fist,;: but after watching intently for a w, hile, I distinctly saw the front of a hanid pressed against the canvas from the inside. SLike a flash then I understood the whole thing i Thb: peddler was one 'of the road agent's gang, and, knowing I had consider able money about the hoilse, they had adopted this plan for sinuggling one of their crew inside the house. After I had gone to sleep, the fellow inside could let in the rest and inish the job. I walked quietly aarops the rooinm, took my gun from the antlers, ..knelt down a few feet from the pack, aimed equare in,the centre, and pulled the trig. ." Go oni,'mhurmured the listener, with !a shudder. ' .: " But'tbte gud didn't go off," continued the la~idlord, clearing his thrdat. :'"The _ nipple was rusty and wouldn't work, soI laid down the rifle and got an axe from the kitcheni;n' "It had- beecn. 'newly ground that day,7ind 'when I lifted it above my.head, !I countied upon cleaving that pack,,robber and all, clear to the floor. Just as I aised the axe, and braced 'ryself for the bloW, I 1i saw a ghost." " A ghost ." " Yes, sir. The pack opened, ahd I saw trlking out of irts-top the curly ,yellow head, blue eyes, and rosy cheeks of'. ray Nellie w:hen she was a little tot offfour. I'The shock staggered me so that I saiin on maWy knees. .I wiped my eyes, and wondbred if I had not go:ne crazy. I was almost'ceir 'tain of it, when Jhe ghost stretched dut 'a 'pair of chubby white arms, and said : "'Deevnin, drandpD'" • 'i"Ah !" said the giat, with a relieved sigh, "I begin- to see.-:.'J dwhat did you. do then ?" "I don't exactly know," said the land lord, softly, "but if there is anything that will bend a stiff, stubborn neck .quicker than the arms of a little child, I'd like to. -.know 'what it: is. I put.. the·.tired:.little' *.:'prisoner, down!by the fire,; opened the door ' :and held out my arms." ' "And the mother-" ' " Yes;' nodded the landlord, "they were Sbot'h there; and, mister, I guess,? ;bt's the end 'f my story," andthe old man wiped ,his eyTO5.- "You must excuse. me~, stranger, buan tha~''was a wet evening, nsod aoehow :-h''iiae'tgot quite dry since."':-:: '.. 