: !Ha&feg;' CoUnnn,, !ffhe Chemistry of Cookery. ' j: . BY W. JUMIHU'yftLtlASIS. '.' j In"Knomlcdge.") : Mr first acqnamtsnoo' with- tho rational oobkory of ohccso was in tho antumn of 1842, whon I dlned with the monks of St. Bornard; Being , tho only ghost, I was the first to b Eumfiiod with sonn. and?thon oamo a dish, of gratod oheose. Doing young: and bashful, I was ashamed to: display, my . ignoranbo by . 'asking .what I was. to do with the ohooso, bat' msdo a hold dash, novortholcss, and sprinkled some of it inta my b'onp. ' I then learned that my guoss was quite corrcot ;,tho jPrior a'nd thomonks did tho samo. . ' , . On walking 'on to Italy, I learned that there rach uso of ohooso is nniversat.-, Mines- ie»: wo, in England shbnld regard mnflins and ; crumpets without buttor. : During tho forty years that have olapsod since my first sojonrn in Italy my sympathies ars . oontinuaUy lace rated when I contomplats.tho melanoholy. opeotnolo bt human beings eating: thin sbnp withont any grated choose. ' ;'. J- ; . Not only in soups,' but . in. many' othor' dishes, it is similarly usbd,' As an oxampla,' I may namo '(Bisotto A la Milsnosb;": a tfell-; bious; wholesome; and ooono'mioal,: dish— a . sort of stow composed of rice and the giblets of fowls, usually oharged about . twopcnco to .throoponco por portion ot Italian restaurants. Thio ia nlwoyn served wltb grated. Fsrmcsiin; Tho samo with tho many - voribtioa of paste, of whioh macoaroni and vormiceUi ore tho; best known in this oountry. r ; In . all .-there tho cliceso ; ia ; sprinklod over and thon stirred into tha soap, &o.;. whilo Itis hot-' Tho ahresa boing finely divided, Is fared at onco; - and being fused in liquid,: is; thus dolibatbly cbokcd.cThls is quito different from tho " rSscoaroni oheeso 1'. commonly pro- ; parcd in England by depositing maecaromlq a pioidlsh, and. thon covoringitwitha stratum of , grated ohccso, and placing this in an oven or boforo a flra until tho ohccso is dosiboatbd; browned, and oonvorted into aho'rnyiCaeoons form - ot. carbon that : would fnduoo ohrbnio dyBpopoiodn tho stomach; of, a wild.hoar if .ho fed upon it for p week. In all. preparations . of Italian paotos,; .risottos, purcboe, &o;, tho cliqoso is Intimately mjxed throughout, and cottoned and diffused.- \- thereby in tho manner above dcooribod. . '; Tho ltalians . thomsolvcs imngino that only thoir oivn Paroieoan . ohccso io fit lor this purpoEO, and havo infeotod many English men with' tho samo idea. Thus it" happens, .that faiioy prices a'ropnid in this country for tlint particular cheeso, whioh is of tho 'same class ns tlio clicore known in our Midland Couhticscs "skim iliolr," and cold thcro at nhont fourpcnco prr pound, or given by tho farmers to their laborers. It io .oliceeo ." that lias scut its butter' to market, being mr.do from tho ckim-milk which remains in tho dairy alter, iho pigs have been folly supplied. ; I havo used . this kind of oheore ns. n snb- etituto for BarMcsnn, nhd I find it qoito catiefnotory, .though it has not exnotly tho samo fino llavour no tho best qualities of Par mesan, buti's equal to that commonly used, by tho Italian millions. Tho only fault of our ordinary ho.'mo.milkEnglishand American, ahccbcs is that. thoy. oro loo rich, and cannot bo so finely grated on account of thoir moro nhctnous structure,' duo to tho cream , thoy contain. I noto that in the. recipes, of high-doss cookery-boobi, where Parmcssu is prescribed, cream is commonly added. ' fJonsiblo English .coolie, who uso Cheshire, Bhcddnr, or ; good American cheere.nro practically inoluaing tho Parmesan and tho orcam in natural comhina- tion. By allowing thcro .cheeses to dry, or by setting ccido tho onter part of the onccso for tlio purpose, the diiiicnUy of Grating in OV' rcor.cc. . . I liiiYo now to coiamunieato r.nother.rcault: of niy oliceso- coolang rc-'c.irchcs,.yis.( a'new di."b— chasc-porridge— or, I may cay, n now dot's of didics—clic e-porridges, ; Thoy - nro not intended for opicnro3,:' not for owino who only livo 'to cat; hut for men and woman who cat in order to livo aud work. Those combina tions nf oheoso are more especially fitted for ,&oss; whoso work is masoular, nnd who work ia' tho open air. . . Sedentary brain'-workora liko mysAi ohonld ubo them, earef ally, less .they ikSiitt'frpm ovor-nntritioh,' which is hat a fow drfjrcos worse than partial starvation. - : Typloel die ®n- porridge isVordinary oat.; moat phrriilghraado in tho nahal manner; but to whioh gratSil olicoso is added, either whilo in tbo cookery-pot by after it is takon ont, and yet as- hot aa possible. It shonld bo sprinkled gradually and wcH stirrcd in. - .' Another Idnd of ohcosa-potridgo or cheese-' pudding ia mado by adding ;0liceso to holed potato®— tho potatoes to bo tekeip ont .'of. their okina and wall mashed wlitlo. tho: grated, ohccso is sprinkled and intormlnglod. A littlo milk may or may not bo oddod, aeeDrding to : taste and oonvonlonoo. " Thif.is hotter stfit£i: for thoso whoso ooospations ftfs eodontary, potatoes being loss nutritious and more oasfiy , digested than oatmeal. Thoy are ohiofiy com posed of Btafoh, whloh is a boat givor or fat- \ toner, whito.iho choosa is highly nitrogenous, and snppiles tho olomontsin whfoh tho potato: isdofloiont. tho two together forming a fair: approach to tho theoroticsHy-domandod' balahoo of oonstituonts.> I say baked potatoes rathor than hoflod, and : porhaps shonld. oxplalri my reasons, thongh' in ; doing so I anticipate what .1 intended to say whon on tho subject of vcgctablo food,. flaw potato® containpotash salts whioh aro : easily soluble in wivtor. I find that whon the ; potato is boiled somo of thenbtash comes ont' mto tho water, and thus "tho vogotsblo is' robbed of a very vaianblo oonstituont. Tho! baked potato oontains all its ' original salino constituents which, as I havo already stated, ara spooially domandod as an addition to: cheeso food." '/ . "' . Basty pudding mado, as usual, ..of wheat' flour, may ho oonvcrtdd from an insipid to a' savoty and highly' nutritions porridgo hy tha addition of oheeso in Ilka mannor. : Tho samo with boiled rico,.whethor wholo or gronnd, also sago, tupiooa, and othor forms of edible . Btsroh; 'Supposing wholo rico is used, and' I think this tho best, tho cheosbj may bo sprinkled among, tho grains of. rico, and well, stirred or mashed np with ' them,! Tho addition of alittla brown gravy to this' givoe ns an Italian risotto. - , " j Pease pudding is not improved by oheeso. Tho chemistry of this will como ont when I oxpiain tho composition of poas, beans, A-e. 1 I might ennmeratd other methods of cook ing oheeso by thus adding. it in a finely divided state to other kinds of food; bnt if I- were to express niy- own oonvictions on tho snhjcot I ohonld stir np prejudice by naming comb mixtures which somo pcopio.: would, donounoo. As'hn oxsmplo I may refer to n' dish which I invented mere than twenty years', ngo— viz., fish and cheese pudding, made by'- taking ths remains from a dish of boiled eoa- flsh, haddock, or o'her.ic/iifs fish, mashing it with ..bread _crnmbs, grated cheeso, and- kotchnp, then warming in an ovon and sorv- ing after tho Osaal manner of scalloycd fish. Any remains of oyster sauce may bo advan-' tagcoualy included.. I find this dclioious, hut others may not.. I frequently add grated cheese to 'boiled fish os ordinarily served, and haVo lately mndo e fish sanco by diEsoiring grated cheeso in milk, with tha. aid ot a little bicarbonate; of potash. I suggest these cheese mixtures to bthora with somo misgiving as regards ' palatablllty, after learning the revelations of Darwio on the Sers'islonco ot heredity. It fs quito passible iat, being a compound of tha Bwiss Mnttien with tha. Aifclsh Williams,, cheese on bath sidos, I may inherit an abnormal fondness for this staple food of tbo mauntslnoors. , Bo this os it may, eo far as tho more palato ia concerned, Ihavo foil confidenoa lii tho ohomis try ot all my hdveoaoy of cheese andits' cookery. Ilendored digestible by simple and snitablo cookery, ' and added, with a - little potash salt, to " farinaceous food of all kinds, it affords axiictly what is required to supply a theoretically complote.onda most boanamioal dietary, without tho. aid of.aiiy .other kind of animal food ' Tho potash salts may b'o advan tageously cuppliedby a UberaU second oohrso ol fruits or salad;: ; - j' ': . : 