CONGLOMERATIONS. Our readers were invited to supply for publica tion " Conglomerations," in accordance with the following conditionsX. The poems may be on any subject and in any measure. 2. The selected words to be used in any order—i.e., not necessarily in the same consecutive order in which they are arranged. 3\. At least as many selected words are to be used as one-half of the number of lines in the verses in 1 which they are embodied. The selected words ware Face, Fact, Fiction, Fly, Foundation, Fury. The following are all that remain for publication To appease her lord's Jury, without cloak or gown, The lady Godiva once rode through the town. 'lis a fact, though some doubt it, I trow. Peeping Tom may be fiction, though some men are sly, While others oft buzz like a bluebottle fly, Ho foundation for half that they know. I But her face it was modest, most lovely and fair, i While veil-like fell round her her rich golden hair, And she looked like some beauteous bride. i Twas a cruel ordeal, yet 'tis known to this day— And who has not heard what the old people say Cf old Coventry saved by her ride ? B. S. S. " I know not how to act. And that's a certain fact," Said Captain Crackscull when he first was sum moned on the Jury. " If I attempt to fly And say to all 'good-bye,' As sure as I am a living man my mistress in a fury Will charge me to my face With being very base, And how the dickens, then, shall I rebut the accusa tion? I have it—when I go ' I'll eay,' My dear, you know The fiction of deserting you is quite without founda tion.'" Morphia. " Fred saw you, that's a fact," said Mrs. Smith, " Fred saw you kiss that flirt Priscilla Lester." " 'Tis false," her husband cried, " 'tis all a myth— A fiction, a delusion; I detest her." And then his face was flushed with indignation, While fury flashed like lightning from his eye; " The calumny," he cried, " has no foundation; Fred, if he said it, told a wilful lie." " Oh 1 pray be calm, my dear," cried Mra. S. " You Must know I spoke in fun, my life, my joy; Why fly then in a passion ? what possess'd you To speak so hastily, you naughty boy?" Philomath. We now invite for publication Conglomerations embodying the following wordsGate, Gentle, Ghost, Glitter, Grain, Grave. The verses to be written in compliance with the conditions given above. 