THE LEAVENWORTH CASE. Br ANNA CATHERINE GREEN. BOOK IV.—THE PROBLEM SOLVED. Chapter XXXVIII.—A Full Confession. ( Continued.) This vision had a tremendous effect upon me. Was it a premonition? a forewarning of the way in which I was to win thiB coveted creature lor my own ? Was the death of her uncle the bridge that was to span the im passable gulf between us ? I began to think it might be; to consider the possibilities which conld make this the only path to my elysium ; even went so far as to pioture hor ovely face bending gratefully towards me through the glare of a sudden release from some emergency in which she stood. One thing was sure; if that was the way I must go, I had at least been taught how to tread it; and all through the dizzy, blurred day that followed I saw,' as I sat at my work, repeated visions of that stealthy, purposeful figure stealing down the atairs and entering with nplifted pistol into the unconscious presence of my employer. I even found my* self a dozen times that day turning my eyes upon the door through which it was to come, wondering how long it would be before my actual form would pause there. That the moment was at hand I did not imagine. Even when I left him that night after drinking with him the glass of Bherry mentioned at the inquest, I had no idea the hour of action was bo near. But when, not three minutes after going upstairs, I caught the sound of a lady's dress rustling through the hall, and, listening, heard Mary Leavenworth pass my door on her way to the library, I realised that the fatal hour was come; that something was going to be said or done in that room which would make this deed necessary. What? I determined to ascertain. Casting about in my mind for the means of doing sd, I remembered that the ventilator running up through the house opened first into the pas sage-way connecting Mr. Leavenworth's bed room and library and secondly into the cloiet of the large spare room adjoining mine. Hastily unlocking the door of the communi cation between the rooms I took my position in the cloiet. Instantly the sound of voices reached my ears; all was open below, -and standing there I was as much an auditor of what went on between Mary and her uncle as if I were in the library itself. And what did I hear? Bnough to assure me my suspicions were correct; that it was a moment of vital interest -to her; that Mr. Leavenworth, in pursuance of a threat evidently made some time since, was in the act of taking steps to change his will, and that she had come to make an appeal to be forgiven her fault and restored to his favor. What that fault wa3 I did not learn. Ho mention was made of Mr. Clavering as her husband. I only heard her declare that her action had been the result of impulse rather than love, that she regretted it, and desired nothing more than to be free from all obligations to one she would fain forget and be again to her ancle what she was before she ever saw this man. I thought, fool that I was, that it was a mere engage ment she was alluding to, and took the insanest hope from these words, and when in a moment later I heard her uncle reply in his sternest tones that sho had irreparably forfeited her claims to his regard and favor. I did not need her short and bitter cry of Bhame and disappointment, or that low moan for some one to help her to sound his death-knell in my heart. Creeping back to my own room I waited till I heard her re ascend, then I stole forth. Calm as I had ever been in my life I went down the stairs, just as I had seen myself do in my dream, and knocking lightly at the library door, went in. Mr. Leavenworth was sitting in his usual place writing. "Excuse me,"said I as he looked up, "I have lost my memorandum-book and think it possible I may have dropped it in the passage way when I went for the wine." He bowed, and I harried past him into the closet. Once there I proceeded rapidly into the room be yond, procured the pistol, returned, and almost before I realised what I was doing had taken np my position behind him, aimed, and fired. The result was what you know. Without a groan his head fell for ward on his hands, and Mary Leavenworth was the virtual possessor of the thousands she coveted. My firat thought was to procure the letter be was writing. Approaching the table I tore it out from under his hands, looked at it, saw that it was, as I expected, a summons to bis lawyer, and thrust it into my pocket, together with the letter from Mr. Clavering, which I perceived lying spattered with blood on tne taoie before me. Not till this was done did I think o£ myself or remember the echo which that low, sharp report mast have made in the house. Dropping the pistol at the side of the murdered man, I stood ready to shriek to any one who entered that Air. Leavenworth had killed himself. But I was saved from committing such a folly. The report had not been heard,if so, had evi dently failed to create an alarm. No one came, and I was left to contemplate my work undisturbed, and decide upon the best coarse to be taken to avoid detection. A moment's study of the wound made in his head by the bullet convinced me of the impossibility of passing the affair off as a suicide, or even the work of a burglar. To anyone versed in such matters it was manifestly a murder, and a most deliberate one. My one hope, then, lay in making it as mysterious as it was deli berate, by destroying all clue to the motive and manner of the deed. Picking up the pistol, I carried it into the other room with the intention of cleaning it, but finding nothing there to do it with, came back for the handkerchief which I remembered having seen on the floor at Mr. Leavenworth's feet. It was Miss Eleanore's, but I did not know it till I had used it to clean the barrel; then the sight of her initials in one corner so shocked roe 1 forgot to clean the cylinder, and only hought of how I could do away with this evi dence of her handkerchief having been em ployed for a purpose so suspicious. Not ■ aring to carry it, from the room 1 sought for means to destroy it, but fiading none, com promised the matter ,by thrusting it deep >'own behind the cushion of one of the chairs ' a the hope of being able to recover it some •i ime next day, when an opportunity would be ' iven to burn it. This done, I reloaded he pistol, locked it up, and prepared '.o leave the room. But here the horror v. hich usually follows such deeds struck me ; ike a thunderbolt, and made me for the first ••ime uncertain in my action. I looked the roor on going out, something I should never • ave done if I had been in the full possession of my faculties. Not till I reached the top of the stairs did I realise what I had done, and then it was too late, for there before me, candle in band, and surprise written on every feature of her face, stood Hannah, one of the servants, looking at me. "Lor, Bir," she cried, but strange to say, in a low tone, "where have you been? You look as if you had seen a ghost." And her eyes turned suspiciously to the key which I held in my hand, I felt as if some one had clutched me round the throat. Thrusting the key into my pocket, I took a step towards her. " I will tell you what I have seen if you will come downstairs," I whispered, " the ladies will be disturbed if we talk here," aud smoothing my brow as be3t I could I put out my hand and drew her towards me. What my motive was 1 hardly knew; the action was probably instinctive, but when I saw the look which came into her face as I touched her, and the alacrity with which she prepared to follow me, I took courage, remembering the one or two previous tokens I had had of this girl's unreasonable susceptibility to my influence; a susceptibility which I now felt could be utilised and made to serve my purpose. Taking her down to the parlor floor, I drew her into the depths of the great drawing room, and there told her in the least alarming way possible what had happened to Mr. Leavenworth. She was of course intensely agitated, but she did not scream, the novelty of her position evidently awing her as much as it bewildered; and greatly relieved I went on to say that I did not knew who com mitted the deed, but that folks would declare it was I if they kaew I had been seen by her on the stairs with sue library key in my hand. " But I won't tell," she whispered, trembling violently in her fright and eagerness; " I will keep it to my self. I will say I didn't see anybody." But I soon convinced her that she eould never keep her secret if the police once began to question her, and following up my argument with a little cajolery, suc ceeded after a long while in wlnniDg bar con sent to leave the nousc till the storm should be blown over. But that given it was some ittle time before I could make her compre hend that she must depart at onco and with out going back after her things, Not till I brightened up her wits by a promise to marry her Borne day if she only obeyed me now did Bhe begin to look the thing in the face and show any evidence of the real mother wit she evidently possessed. " Mrs. Belden would take me in," said she, "if I could only get to K . She takes every body in who asks her; and she would keep me, too, if I told her Miss Mary sent me. But I can't zet there to-night." (To bo eoniinued.) The weekly mealing of the Gospel Temperance Mission was beld on Thursday evening in the Labor League Hall, Bindley-etreet, Mr. F. Saunders, president, in the chair. The meeting was opened by singing and prayer, after which Mr. Mudieand Hat. Fry delivered addresses. Miss Huntington sang as a solo, No. 192, ot Mae ribbon songs and soios. Two signed the pledge and donned the blue tltlnOQ: 