DAs Daiors's lisisxlsnC CorasY.--On Thursday evening last this company commenced a season of three unghts in the oddlellows' ball. There was a good attendance, the body of the hallbeing fairly well filled. The company is a large one, and comnprises some well and favourably known artistes. The piece presented on Thlursday evening was the society sensation drama, London by Night, or the Craft and Crime of the Great City. It abounlds in dramatic iitnations, and was well mounted, special scenery being painted for the occasion, and some striking spectacular scenes presented. Duing a spectral or ghost scene, the stage wRs lighted up with weird effect by the lime-light. The characters were well sustained, particularly those of Mildred Evandalo (the forger's wife) by Mrs. Edmund Holloway, and of George Evandalo (head of a gaug of forgers and coiners), by Mr. Albert Norman. Miss Nita Steelo also well pourtrayed the character of Heleu Broughlam (Mildred Evaudale's sister), iand bang the ballad nobin Adair, withll clharming effect. Percival Mordaunt and Freckliy Todd (assistant coiners andl forgers) were characters well depicted by Mr. W. 11. Manning and Mr. Dan Barry, the latter maintalining his reputation as an accomplished " stage villain" of the deepest dye. The minor roles were creditably tilled. The ontertaiument concluded withl a burlesque extrava ganan, whiclh was ilnteraperseed withll songs and dances; several local hits also being miade, which were loudly applauded. Miss Nita Steele, Mliss Mostyn, and Mr. Norman sang several songs in line style, and were CIncored. Madame Do Belville and Mr. Langdown olliciated as accompanists, on piano and violin respelctively. Last night tile military drama, the Soldier's Bride, was produced. The attendance was very fair, and all tile parts were sustained in a creditable manner. To-night, lwhich will be the last of tile companys' appearanee here, a double bill will be piroduced, consneneiog wilth tihe Irish patriotic drama, entitled Sshamrock Green, or thIe Irish Land Agent; a play whichl is said to illus trato faithfully the present social and pIolitical condition of Ireland. The piece abounds in Irish songs, dances, and jigs, amongst the melodies to be introduced being Killarney, Last looso of Summer, &ke.; The performance will concludo with a new and original burlesqlue extravagauza, introducing several popular songs and dances. Nosious Amrss.sLs.-The stock protection beard for the Goulburn district paid during the mouth of July for scalps of the followingi numbers of noxious animals :--Wallabies' 8000; kangaroos, 161; native dogs, 5; ditto pumps, .I; total, 8170. St?oco Tinar'lc.--During the month of July the following nunmbers of stock were truckled at the Goulburn railway station: - Cattle, 118; calves, 153; sheep, 13.835i; pigs, II. DEATH OF MR C. J. N.DEASE -A recent tele- gram announced the death of Mr. Christopher J. N. Dease, formerly of Burrowra, who was solicitor for twelve years at Kempsey, and proprietor of the Macleay Herald. Deceased took an active, intelligent, and self denying part in all public movements for the general good, and was known and esteemed by all the leading men. CoscEt vr T BusonSOON.--OG Saturday evening last a concert was given by several gentlemen amateurs of Bundanoon, in aid of the widow of the lato Daniel Camerou, accidentally killed on the railway. There was a good attendance, and the pro. ceeds amounted to £. 2/ l'nEsl:xsr.rros.-Mr. J. I. O'Regan has been ap. pointed manager of the Tumut branch of the Com. nercial Biank. This gentlemnan was for several years accounltant of tohe Yass braunch of the same bank, and wen the esteem of the pIublic of Iass by hIis assiduous attention to hIis duties. At a meeting hold at the Comsmercial Hotel, Yass, on Wednesday, it was decided by hIis friends to present him with a cotlc-service as a toklen of regard. iIcsciv' rInoU StLe rons iS ANotsOisL?..--The undermentioned portion of land has beaen reserved from sale for "Billy Billy," aiboriginal :-No. 97. county of Georgiana, piarishl of Ycwrangara, area 40 acres. Thle crown lanuds within the following boundaries: Coulnencingg at a point learing south i43 degrees 58 minutes cast 33 chains 55 linkls from the northl.east corner of plortionl No. 40, HI. S. MIc Guiness' 80 acres; and bounded thence on the niorth by a line bearing cast 20 chains ; on the east by a line bearing south 20 chains; on thebo south by a line boaring west 20 chains ; and on the west by a lille boarinlg niorthl 20 chaius, to Isoint of consence ment. Beilsg measured portion No. Ci of 40 acres, as shown oi plai catalogued (;. 22-2,l065li, sllrveyor generial's(l ofice. At ain illnCet hiels osl lbo budly of Teo1 as ss Kelly" tile prisonier at Ph'elrisdgeC \rli, while iatlemling to u?uc ii o Io?ldaiy was oshot, a vCerdi't of justiliable homiicide was returneld. Inaction of the Kidineys and Urinary orgaius causes the worst of diseases which Hop Bitters cures. Head advlt. 