AOTA P0PUL1. _ ? & ? . Bt the Fzaneub. .. ? . 'These be par'louB times' indeed. Death lurks1 in every hole and corner — yea, he even steps into our very homeB and makes himself a,3 comfortable as if he were a rich old bachelor uncle from whom we had great expectations. At 5 a.m. the milkman trots gaily round and leaves a quart of typhoid fever on our doorsteps ; at 7 a.m. the butcher trips gaily round with his pound and a half of trichinea and hydatids ; the cup that cheera but doesn't tangle your feet ia simply a decoction of leaves and lead ; and so on to the end of the fatal chapter. Connected with this distress ing subject, tvi'O items stick out juBt now with all the painful prominence of a snub-noBed man in a hot theological argument, and these two are, deabh by dynamite, and death by tho handle of tho assassin's umbrella. Let uc take the more eeriouB danger first, viz. — that of tho 36-ribbed gingham. This, indeed, is a terrible weapon, especially in the arms of a hot and excited lady of five and fifty cummers. A few days ago, I wau tempting Providence by riding insido a Wavorloy tram, when tho trucks stopped at Park-street, and a ronorablo old duchess, who turned tho scale at2731bo, proparod to add hor little mile to the already crowdod car, She wao armod with a bandbox and a curpot bag and stuck horizontally under her right arm waa ? an umbrella that looked as if it had fought at Vinegar Hill and got a trifle tho worst of that famous scrimmage. Getting a fair stand on the step, tho old duchess (suddenly shot straight in taking particular care v.a uho did so to jab about 18 inohon of hot1 gingham top into tho portly binjle of a chort-v.'inded suburban alderman. The injured party immediately called her attention to tho fact, and ahe ov/ung round go hastily to face him and apologizo, that tho back end of her weapon knocked fcho roof clean out of a 3 guinea ' Mary Anderson ' bonnet, and wiped a highly indignant but utterly helpless politician over tho ear in a style that made him sing invortad psalms for ? the nsfc of the journfly. Thoroughly, confused, the old lady baoked over on top of the favourite corn of a Wtfileyan minister, and although this gentleman mado no remarks at the time, anyone codM eeo by tha abrupt manner in which ho withdrew hia foot that ha resented the familiarity inwardly, but bis loul was a trifle, too full for utterance. Just then tho tram slartod, and the gingham owner eat down ?unexpectedly in the lap of a City Bank olark, and nearly poked the eyes out of a perfectly inoffensive butoher opposite. All this is very sad, and reminds me of the fact that circumstances alter cases, moat materially. For example, this is the chat of Augustus George and his best sweetheart before their marriage. She— ' Excuse me, Guasy deahi Did iny parasol hurt you ?' He— ' No- darling. It would be a pleasure to ba pained by y.oii even if it did.' The loving pair get spliced, an intermission of 18 months takes place and then the conversation runs in this style. :— He— ' Sanctified Simon ! Why in thunder don'fc y* look whore you're pjokin' the top of that dodgaUed gingham. There was never a woman under th'« sun that knew how-to carry a paraaol without prodding half a fellow's head off.' Bhur— 'Why don't yau get out of the. road then ? There never was a clumsy fool of a. man that knew enough to walk on the right side of a woman with a parasol/' He — 'There isn't any right aide to a woman with a parasol.' And then he takes to drink, and she reads novels in bed at night and sets nre to the uninsured house ; two once loving; souls are burnt to death 'and buried by the State; and all through the devilry of a tec and six-penny parasol. . : ? The next public danger is the elevating of un suspecting citizens by the help of a snuff-box full of dynamite. This scare was started by the vera cious Beuter, and as it bore unmistakable evi dence of being a most' egregious hoax, it was of course taken in by tha astute Daii/T; ?Tedhgi-eai'h as the real gospel truth' itself, and an alainn was at once raised that made : even the dead at Eookwood quake with' fear for the safety of their tomb-i'tones. To add to the strength of Reuter's little joke, certain well-moaning but otherwise disreputable eitizsns h«re planted small, loud- ticking clocks in their coat tail pockets, and whenever a D. T. re. porter waB seen hanging ahojit a crowd, one of these jokers would wind up his timepiece, and then oarelesBly saunter past the suspicious scribe. Two ticks from the clock would aff once arrest the reporter's attention, an'd when fhetJhird came, ihe paca at which the trerorr'stricken D. T. man would make for home w«uld lead a casual obser ve* to infer tha't' the scooter had either just seen a ghost, or that some one had been fooling round his rear with a tin of lightedcampbene. Next day, the paper would be chock full of dark hints, and suggestions frightful enough to freeze tho blood in a vein of quartz, and all the files of home papers would be ransacked of their most dir*f»l accounts of the sayings and doings of O'Ponovan Rossa and his frisky friends, the dynamite devils. One of the moBt astute conjectures made by the Telegraph was that whiph clearly proved that the Redmond Brothers are the principal causes of that deadly aioacii on Austraim, vfmon wui posiuiveiy caice place some time between thds and the Day of Judgment. 'The modern Gracchi,' Bays the D.T. ' on their return home gave their hearers the impres sion that the English feoling is oven stronger hero than it is in England, and that being so, what is more likely than that a portion of the hatred felt by the Irish ostromiBts for the Eng lish G-overament should be expendod on our Go vernments ? ' Such reasoning is too absurd to be answered by anyone outBido the Gladesville Asylum, and our alien friends would employ their timo with more bonofit '.to themselves and the public at large by writing leaders on the origin and history of tho hot ?Breloy, than by filling their columns with such plain unmitigated rubbish as their recent diatribes on dynamite. Wow that I come to think of it, howevor, there is a soup-;on of truth in tho D. T.'s statement that we .Australians are morj Bnglieh than the Knjjlish themselves, and ael really do not like to boo all this dynamite scare jocularity monopolized by one journal, I'll atirb a little bit of a panic now on my own responsibility. Looking orermy cards I find I hold a much better hand than the Tblegea?h doua, because we must always re member that the trump card is the fact that we are an English nation here, and the plain undiluted, undeodorized Irishman is a thing that our soul detests even worse than castor oil. Very well. 1 am now in 'a position to Btato that O'Donoynn Roeaa and hia favourite Dypamito Brigade, the 41st Devil-Devils, are aotually on their way to Australia, fully equipped with 4,000 tonB of dynamite, and the whole crowd will pro bably land by express balloons on tho glorious 12th of noxt July. Furthermore, tho first place they will attack in Albury, and the reason that tho Federal City is doomed io this : in a rocont Melbourne Age tho following jackass advertise ments appears — ' Retail Grocery Hand. — Proteotant, reliable, good, smart, experienced salesman, unexceptional references. Wantod, for T. H. Mate and Co.-, Albury.' And right slap on top of this comes an appeaj for 'a groom. Englishman preferred.' That is rubbing it in with a vengeance. An Irishman is all very well when he ia deoling out lsad to England's foes amidst tho snows of RuBsia, or beneath tho burning oun of the Soudan, but it is perfectly ridiculous to think he is a fit and propor poroon to ladle out a pound of ration sugar, or shako down v, bed for tho horse of a Church of England tailor. Advertise ments like those do no harm to Iridi Catholics whatever, but they muot bring a blush of Bhame for his creed and his country to the cheek of every true-hearfcod, liberal English Protestant who reads thorn. There is no war or bitter feeling betwoen true, manly Englishmen and their Irish brethren at all, and it is only a select knot of designing rogues and mud-headed mules who say there ia. The former class run on the 'divido and conquer' ticket, and find that by working on tho imbecility and ignorance of the latter divition, thoy oan eventu ally work themselves into a position whoro they can command power, place, and pay, and once having suoceeded in this, they'd as soon help tho devil himself aB one of their own fellowcountry men. Knock tho few politioal aehomero out of the question altogether, and thero is nothing in in the world to prevent tho rose, nhamrock, and thistle from twining round oach other with a firm, loving clasp ; and so long as these three keep together, peace and plently will reign throughout their nativo lands. To ensure this, however, one nation must not attempt to thrive by keeping the othor in a state of semi-slavery. Equality in all things must be aimed at, and it will never do for one of the three to say — ' Lot : us all be equal, and I'll be boss.' That day has passed, and the idea is well-nigh osploded in all lands— save, perhaps, the doomed land of Albury. 'A few days ago, I had reason to lament over the trials and troubles of the leader of the Violet Ribbon party, Dr. Barry. En 2^ssant, I may remark that the Violet Ribbon Brigade is a sort of intemperance union, but its members are not bound to a slavish worship of the immortal sargaparilla cause. I'm a Past Woi'3bipful Master Grand of tho Society myself. It has only one rule, but compels its discipleB to strictly follow it, and that rule is to Hover touch a glass of intoxi cating liquors under any pretext whatever, except on two occasions, viz. : — Whenever you think you want a glaBs, and whenever you think it would taste bettor if you drank it out of a pewter. This society, by the way, is doing a deal of good, and one excellent point about its members is that thoy never go behind, tho door to break their solemn pledges on the quiet. Some of U3 wear the violet colour on our coats, and more of ub hangout tho signal on our nose tops, but one and all are real lovers of the glorious cause — a cauoe, 'oy tho way, which goes down very well this wet weather, especially when it's mixed with a little hot water and lots of juicy lemons. To return to the, subject, however. I had barely timo to bale the tears out of my sympathetic soul over Dr. Barry's troubles whon my tank was filled with sorrow again by the knowledge that another good clerical friend, Dr. Ellie, of silvery tenor f. amo, was plunged head and heela into a war with tho whole of tho Scottish nation. Dr. Ellis has a rather unpleasant way of blurting out what ever he thinks, utterly unmindful of tho fact that specch was given to us for the purpose of con cealing our lecrot thoughts. Dr. Ellis, it appears, had occasion to deliver a sermon a few Sundays ago in Maitland (a city that is particularly well flavoured with the taste of burgoo and haggis), and during the courso of his discourse he knocked his congregation Btiff by declaring that tho Scottish nation is the roo*t immoral in the whole worSd. Why tho earth didn't immediately open up and swallow the tuneful Doctor, is a matter which even Dawvid Buchanan cannot understand ; but the fact is, it did not gape an inoh, and so the preacher stood there and pogged away at 'Caledonia,, st»rn and wild' in a style to make a tobacconist- window Highlander come down off hia nign-board and kick himself with madness. Of courso, there's the fallen angel to pay over tho trouble now, and I believe it is the intention of tjie Mttitland Scotchmen to drive the unhappy Doctor into a lunatic's coll by serenading him' every night on tho Hiolun' bagpipes. ' ' I do not see, at this distance, that thero ?was any crying necessity for Dr. Ellis to make such an assertion from hio pulpit, and in fact I would not havo alluded to the matter at nil to-day, but for tho following incidont connectod with the . trouble. Snturdr^'a Echo, in alluding to tho matter, said — ' Of course it (Scotland's immor ality) io not true, except in tho Billy pense that tho Irish are tho most moral nation in tho world.' , Somohow, thoro is not a single subject of a criminal or shady character in this or any othes world we kriov/ of vith which Granny , ? cannot in some way or another associate tho Irioh. That delicate littlo hint thrown out on Saturday was eagerly caught up by some, and it camo to pass that in ono of our edifying Dab- . bath Day discussions, a certain speaker admittted thnt Scotland was tho Gomorrah of the pr9senfc day, but the reason of thio wao simply because ? Glaoglow led tho van in the way of immorality, and tho population of Glasgow was largely com posed of tho Iriah people. God save Ireland ; for if she was wiped out, who on earth would other nations find to faston all their sins on ? ? ' . This excuse of Scotia, however, will not hold water. Strange to say, a homo journal callod tho St. James's Gazette has lately proclaimed to the world that it has made tho wonderful discovery that ' Scotland appears to bo improving in morals.' And tho roason tho Gazette jumps tc thin concluoion is because ' the nunber of births registered throughout tho country, in 1883 was 12'l,46'2. Of these the illegitimate births amoun ted to only 10,035, or 8.06 per cent, of tho total — being the lowest proportion since the year 1855.' That is certainly eomething to be proud of indeed, considering that whatever Scot land may be in the way of immorality, she ia beyond doubt one of tho moot puritanical, psalm -singing, ant-i-whus'Jing-on- the-Sawbath na tions in oxisfcenco at tho present day. What I want to particularly point out, however, is the fact that Glasgow is, go to speak, a vory veBtal virgin, ao it were, amongst her oistor cities, and that according to tho Eegistrar-Q-enoral's official roport, 'These illegitimate births occur in tho lurgest proportion in the mainland rural district, whero they aro 9.9 per cont. ; whilst in the principal town and omall town dictricts they form 7.7 per cont. of the total births ; in tho large towns 6.8 per cent. ; being loweot in the insular rural dis tricts, where thoy constitute 5.4 per cent, of all the birthe.' That, I aubmit, completely upends tho idea that tho Irish element is the cause of Scotland's immorality; and right here I may observe that, a3 regards this particular virtue of chastity, Ire land can indeed hold its own with aDy other nation in the world. This ia not a savoury sub ject, however, so I will content myaalf by finish ing the Gazette record, which says — 'Among tho counties, Shetland, Rose, and Oromarty, and Dumbarton present but 4.5 por - cant, of ouch births ; in Elgin, Banff, Dumfries, and Kirkcudbright tho proportion was 14 and 15 per cent. ; while in Wigtown it reached the pro-. ,-?.. minont position of no lesB than 17.8 per, cont.' Wigtown mutt be a lovely little spot in its own '. sweet way, and I would earnestly recommend our Social-Purity-Oompulsory-by-Legislature lu natics to start a mission feo Wigtown at once , and place it under the leadership of Doctor Ellie. ?? ?' ' Ireland's Little Bill.' — Under this head- - ing a correspondent, J.M., sends us an able and interesting letter, which will bo found in another place, showing how dearly tho tenants have had to pay for the rights established under the -; Ulster Custom.' Abchpeiest Sheehy's addreps on Monday evening at the public meeting in St. Mary's Cathedral was the speech of the evening. It is now some tea years or more since Dr.. Shoehy . spoke in Sydney ; but the magnificent reception he got on Monday night showed that ho hud not been forgotten by those to whom hia voice was once familiar. On rising to speak he was greeted with loud applause, in which everybody — clergy and laity — jojntd heartily, and throughout his stirring address .-he was repoatodly cheered. In . our report of tho mooting tho ArchprieBt'a speech is given in full, and wo arn Buro it will bo read, as it was liBtoned to, with deep interest. Joy Bells — By pra?tico tho bell-ringers of St. Mary's Cathedral havo learned to play a , number of hy'mn'p. Would it not . be a capital thine; if it could poBBibly be managed to ring out on the bells, whenlthe Archbishop arrives, 'Let Erin Remember,' or some other well-known Irish air? Of course wo shall havo the merry peal of welcome ; but something of the kind we suggest would improve the occasion. Tho hint ia worth the attention of Captain Lawn and hia fine alaff of ringera. Fatiiee William Kelly's lecture on Wednesday evening, attho Catholic Eiblo Hall, William-street, was ono of bi'- bost, and ib was thoroughly appre ciated by th,e audience. 