OELIA'S TASK. CHAPTER IV.— Continued. ' You would bo of inoro uko hove. I may want bandages or drugs, and 3-011 know whevo to get thorn,' Gordon answered, hurriedly, and . then bent and kissed tho littlo anxious facc. ' Keep up your spirits, my child ; I d u csay it ' is nothing very serious,' lie said kindly. The next two hours passed very slowly to the anxious watchers. Cynthia lay on tho drawing-room coucli, with a sympathising housemaid bathincr her forehead with eati-de cologne, and Celia sat by tho window, with lier pale face and wistful eyes turned anxiously towards the pit village. Ohip, who scarcely understood what tho commotion was about, but was conscious that something terrible must have happened, knelt by Oelia's side and held her hand tightly and listened with a frightened face while Cynthia alternately reproached Celia with coldness and want of heart, or envied her her composure and calmness. ; Oelia let the petulant reproaches pass un heeded. [t was only her ghost that sat by the ?window — the real Celia was far away from the pretty drawing-room. She was with Alan iu the gloomy galleries where 110 ray of sunlight ever penetrated ; braving with him the fierce blast of the fire-damp, the rush of su I locating gas. In that hour of anxiety the cloud which had risen between them seemed suddenly to have been swept away. Once more Alan stood before her in his old guise — the true, brave Alan whom her girlish fancy had exalted into a demi- god and crowned with heroic attributes. The neglect and indifference which had wounded her once so deeply were forgiven, almost .forgotten, now. Alan had once more regained his old place in her heart, and she thought of him with a feeling of tender love and pity which was almost divine in its purity and unselfishness. ' It was all my fault, I daresay— I will tell him to forgive me when he comes back,' she murmured to herself. ? And then she checked herself with a little shuddering sigli. Who knew if that time of mutual explanation and forgiveness might ever come ? CHAPTER V. Two hours passed, then a messenger sent by Gordon 'with a list of surgical instruments and bandages and drugs, arrived from the village. He told tlieni, in answer to their eager in quiries, that the explosion was in the new ?workings ; that four or five men who had been ?working near the shaft had already been brought up little, if at all, injured, but there were others still in the pit, and that, when lie left, a rescuing party, headed by the manager and the second viewer, was just on the point of descending into the pit. It had not been considered safe to go before. Oelia went into the surgery and collected tlie things which Gordon had specified, and found a littlo relief even in that trivial action. Anything was better than to sit quietly in the drawing-room listening to Cynthia's incoherent wailing and ceaseless questions. 'Oh! how could she?' Celia thought. It seemed to the girl's anxious, humiliated heart as if there was tut one thing, which they-; — poor helpless women — could do in that hour of trial. Only one thing, and that was to wait and pray in silence for the loved ones who were fighting face to face with such a terrible foe. ? She Avent back to the drawing-room byand byc, where Oynthia was solacing herself with a cup of strong tea and casting furtive glances into the mirror opposite her couch. She looked up quite cheerfully as Celia entered tlie room. ' ITow I envy you your strong nerves, Celia ! How I wish I was not so sensitive,' she said, with a complacent sigh. ' It was very foolish, I know, to be so upset, but when ? I think of dear Alan — ' and Cynthia put her handkerchief to lier eyes and sobbed again. 'Give me some more eau-de-eologne, Celia. Oh ! liow stupid,' as Celia started voilently, and the bottle fell to the ground ; ' why you ? have spilt — ' And then she stopped suddenly, and for a moment was silent through very terror. Once again tlie odd vibration shook the house — another report, but more violent than before, rang through the air, and a dense cloud . of smoke rose up and hung over the pit village. Por a few moments Celia, unheeding Oynthia's shrieks and Chip's frightened sobs, ? stood cold and motionless, almost paralysed, by the sudden shock. She had been anxious enough a few minutes before, but what was that anxiety compared to this acute agony 1 Oh ! I cannot bear it — I must go to him,' she cried out of the depth of lier tortured heart, and she ran across the room to the door, scarcely knowing where she went or why, only feeling that she must go to Alan, to help him . - or to perish with him ! But Oynthia's voice recalled her scattered senses. ' Oelia don't leave me. I shall die if you leave me !' Oynthia cried, and at the passionate cry Alan's parting words came back to Oelia's mind. ' Take care of Cynthia,' he had said, and Oelia paused ; and, strong in her love and loyalty, put lier own grief aside and obeyed his parting request. And she had her hands full. Oynthia was in violent hysterics ; her wild cries and laughter rang through the house, frightening poor Chip almost out of her senses, and driving Oelia to tho verge of desperation. In was in vain that she tried to prevail 011 ? Oynthia to lie down — to swallow some sal volatile, that she spoke cheerfully and hope fully, declared with a confidence that she was very far from feeling that she was certain ? = ? Alan was safe ; that lie would come back in an hour or two, and laugh at them for their un called-for anxiety. Oynthia would not listen. . Her path in life had hitherto been so smooth and even, she had met with so few crosses, had so few anxieties to bear, that she was totally unprepared to struggle against this overwhelm ing trial ; and she gave way to her grief with a reckless abandon and hellish disregard of any one but herself, which even then disgusted aiid angered Oelia, But for A lan'.i sake she crushed back the bitter, contemptuous worc's which rose to lier lips, and tried to be gontle and patient. So the long, long hours of that k:iglit sum . . mcr evening wore away. The inui set in a glory of gold and crimson clouts, and the moon rose and shed a pale light over the weeping, excited crowd at the ph's mouth, and tlio dawn broke and another day began ; and still to tlie anxious watchers tliero came 110 newsfbi! 'Alan or the little company of heroes who had braved death with him. O1100 or twice Gordon sent a messenger up to the house, but lie had littlo or nothing to tell in answer' to Oelia's anxious inquiries. A second rescuing party had descended in aid of the first, but their path was barred by great, musses of coal, which had been loosened by tlie explosion, and now filled up tho gallery which led to tho now working where Alan and tho rest of tho entombed men still remained, and some time must elapse before this could be removed, aud in the meanwhile grave doubts, which darkened almost to certaintv as tho time went on, were expressed as to the safely of the first rescuing party. Celia 'heard it all in silence. She seemed to know the worst, to htive given up all liopo now. ' Alan was dead ! She should ? never speak to him — nover look again into his bright kind eyes —feel tho touch of his strong hand. Oh ! what did anything matter now V' Celia thought, wearily. She listened to Cynthia's sobs — looked at her tears with a kind of numbed surprise. 'What was the use of crying 1 Ho was dead, and all tlie tears in the world would not bring him back again !'' But her heart stirred into lifo again, and hor hope revived, as, in the grey dawn of tho morning, she saw a long. way oil' a little group of men slowly approaching the house, and in another instant saw Sidney, leap tho low hedge at the bottom of tho garden,' and- run quickly up the path. 'Cynthia, hero is Sidney ! Now wo shall, know !' she cried, and Cynthia raised herself from the couch aud flow to lier side as Sidney came in at the low window. His face was blackened, Ins clothes were torn and stained hero and there with blood, and ho looked so odd aud excited that little Chij) Hew to Celia's side and hid her face in the folds of her sister's dresh with a frightened sob. And then an odd thing happened. For Sidney, instead of— as was natural and seemly — turning to Cynthia with his news, caught hold of Celia's hand, and, turning from Cynthia, looked up to her with an infinite grief and tenderness in his honest face. 'Oelia, believe 1110, I would have saved him for you'if I could — I would have given my life for his,' the young man cried with a passionate thrill of self-reproach aud pleading in hia voice. ' He is dead.' Celia looked back with great despairing eyes. She spoke very quietly, but her quietude was far more terrible than the storm of tears and sobs which shook Oynthia's frame at the words, as she caught Sidney's arm with a wild, passionate cry, that echoed through tho house and quickly summoned the servants into the room. ' They aro not sure— Gordon thinks not — tliey are bringing him here now.. Is the room ready ?' Sidney asked, eagerly. ' 'Yes, quite ready.' Gordon had sent a message an hour before requesting Celia to have a bed brought down and prepared in tlio study— a large room 011 the ground floor — looking into the garden. Cynthia started at the words. ' Tliey must not bring him here — oh ! I can't bear it — it is bad enough without that. Why should they bring him here?' she cried. ' Because it is nearer than his lodgings — where else should tliey take him 1' Sidney said, wonderingly ; and then lie drew a deep breath and moved suddenly forward as tlio gate opened and the mournful procession entered the gate.. . !? . 'Here they come,' he. said, .under, liis breath. Celia went blindly forward and opened the hall door wide, moved with : trembling hands the umbrella-stand out of the way, and gathered up the mats from the hall floor. She stood -just within the drawing- room door as the heavy tramp went past, arid the men bore their quiet — oil,! so awfully quiet- — burden into tho house. Cynthia, awed for a few minutes into silence by the men's solemn faces, crept up and looked over her shoulder with staring, terrified eyes. As they passed the drawing-room door a little gust of wind swept across the hall, and blew oft' tho sheet with which kindly hands had covered the unconscious face. Celia and Cynthia both saw the changed face, scorched and blackened almost out of recognition : eyebrows and lashes, and the thick moustache, of which Alan had been pardonably proud, shrivelled and burnt ; the left arm, which lay crushed and broken by his side ; and at the sight Cynthia's momentary calmness deserted lier. With a passionate cry she clasped her hands before her eyes as if to shut out the terrible sight, and fell 011 tho floor in an agony of tears and moans. (To be Continued) 