THROUGH ALBURY TO WAGGA. BY OUR SPECIAL IEPORTEB. No one can estimate the great facilities in travelling so much as he who uses, the railway on urgent matters of busi ness, and to whom time is of the great est importance. "Fancy" said an old squatter to me, "the time it used to take in the old coaching days, when four light grass fed horses would stick us up in the middle of our journey, if the roads were the lele t heavy. I remember, he continued, when we had to get out and push the coach and horses along, they were rum old times, compared with these days, when the railway will land you at Wagga in something under 10 hours." Arrived at Albury about 12 o'clock, our party had refreshments, which did much credit to the caterer. Having changed trains we went speeding along towards Wagga. There is little or no variety in the Australian bush, the trees for the most part are the gum, stringy bark, and wattle. In the moonlight the forest presents a dismal appearance. It is grim and gaunt. Here and there the ghost-like kangaroo may be seen like some lonely spectre as it were "revisit ing the glimpses of the moon "and com bining with the sombre aspect of this scene, sounds out the weird note of the mopoke. One can scarcely imagine anything more lonely. Arrived at \Vagga we found very little accom iodation at: 3 o'clock in the morning, and "'your own" had to lay his tired, but spare limbs, on a flimsy bed which very soon collapsed altogether. I was ihen introduced to a "shake-down". To the uninitiated it may be as well to ex ilain the nature of this. There are many kinds of" shake- downs," sometimes you get a wallaby rug on a bar counter, a billiard-table, or the floor of mother earthl, but mine was noneof these. The tremporary bed was erected on an old .ouch which must have done service in the infant days of Wagga, and from contisual freedom the hair cloth had re belled, and rubbed up the once even sur face until it resembled a chimney sweep's appliance. The only barrier between that :d1 the skin being a well worn sheet with large rents here and there, 'which had been ingeniously placed over the rugged surface of the couch, and caused me to spend the few remaining hours of morn ing in mortal agony. In Wagga, I am told, many people never sleep. I noticed numbers awake indulging in games of speculation. In the morning I walked round the town, I found it a place of such importance, large and commodious hotels, banks, shops, some first-class buildings, many of which would not dis grace our own principal thoroughfares among other sights I saw the butcher's shop, where De Castro the Tichborne slaimant supplied the wants of the public. The pastoral and the agricultural pur suits are being mixed now a good deal rnore than previously, although the bloated squatter still looks over his 1 broad acres witt a greedy eye, and views the coming invasion of the selector with feelings of wrath and jealousy. This natters little, for onward the selector goes, clears and plants the forest, and I ffirm that such is the only way to build up a country's greatness. No one desires to detract from the first mission of the equatter in civilizing the country, and freeing it fromi ts savage possessors, but it is the farmer alone who can redeem it from the wild waste of bush, which ueets the eye on all sides round about Eagga, for-" "a bold peasantry, their sountry's pride, when once destroyed can sever be supplied." It should be the de sire of all people to see the country ad vance, for by its advancement and general prosperity, great cities like Mel bourne and Sydney are built up. 