Sporting Notes; [BY TUB VAGEAÏÏT.] At Gunnedah on Saturday last Mr. R. Turner's colt Clontarf beat Mr. "W. Smith's brown horse Slow Tom ovor half a mile for £25 aside. These are many rumours as the latter horse's identity, and it is said his pre- sent owner gave £500 for him. Another match is likely to be made with the same horse. Frank Brown, the well-known pedestrian, is seriously ill in Sydney. Mr. John Mayo and his well-known trainer, Mr. John Moore, have severed their connec- tion, as the former gentleman io-" the future intends to prepare his own horses, hick con- sist of Paust, Empress, The Jewel, and War Eagle, Moore's lot is Hesitation, Parado, Drumstick, Tantrum, and Little Mick, and he has room for a few more. Stockdale has been purchased by a patron of Mr. Tom Lamond's stable, the price being £500. The well-known hurdle racer Chesterton has been purchased by a Mr. Black to go te Noumea, the price paid being £150, If treated fairly the horse should not be long in getting his purchase money back in the French colony. George Washington, not the party who did it with his little hatchet, but the darkie who won the Maitland Sheffield Handicap, has been disqualified for giving an incorrect list of performances. As I hear there is likely to be legal work over the affair, I refrain from commenting. Australian horses continue to sweep the board in India, and judging by performances there they appear to be a cut above English nags. At Hyderabad, Ween won the St. Leger and Gup, the son of King Cole and The Pro- position beating Gudarz in both races, but the latter, who was said to have had a had cold, won a race at the meeting. Laceby won the Merchants' Purse at the same gathering, beating Palmerston, Baltic, and Viking. At Calcutta, another Australian, Terrible Billy, won the Dealer's Plate, and the Rajah of Paikpara won the Hurdle Race with Grey Friar and the Grand Annual with Lunatic. The gelding Hector won the Steeplechase at Lahore, beating Lord Bores ford's horse Mute, but next day his lordship had his revenge, for he steered Mr. Wilson's horse Diamond to victory, beating Hector, Syndicate, and others. It is reported that the three English horses imported by Lord Beres- ford had gone wrong. The great English horse Barcaldine has been sold by Mr. Ii. Peck to the Duchess of Stamford, and has gone to the stud. Byrnes beat Logan in a 150 yards hurdle race at Botany a few days ago. The jumps were six in number and 4ft. high, and the stakes £50. Logan fell at the last hurdle. Another Tocel bred colt has been running well in Tasmania, as Goodwood, by Golds brough from Dolly Varden, won the Two year-old Stakes at the Carrick race club meeting. One of the greatest surprises the English turf has afforded for some time past was the win of Mr. A. Victor's bay geldiug Donald in the Shrewsbury Cup, followed by Corrio Roy and Vista. The- winner is a five-year-old, and carried but 7st. He is by Albert Victor from Flora Macdonald. The public were quite un- prepared for his victory, as he had run in several hunter's races unsuccessfully, and this was fcho first legitimate race he had ever started in. It is very well to say " back performers," but al times good horses are never heard of, or never appear, until they come out and win ' a big race. Such a horse was Cosmopolite ; he won a jumping rase, the Great Eastern Handicap at Newmarket, and ran in the shafts of a hansom in Paris, all in the same oeason. Havilan and Lee should now he on their way to Australia, ns it is reported they have left San Francisco. They bring boats, sculls, ate, with them, and both are reported to be in great health and condition. Beach is in active training as it is likely Laycock's leg will still be too weak to allow him to prepare for a match with the Canadian, at least for some time. Mr. A. F. Smart has purchased Navigator's brother Coir from Mr. de Mestre, the figure paid being 1000 guineas. The weights for the New England Jockey Club meeting have made their appearance, but I hardly think they will give entire satis- faction. Ascot is top-weight in each event, and if sent up, I fail to see what is to pre- vent the Bon of Kelpie from sweeping the board. The unfortunate Drumstick appears to be highly thought of by the handicapped for he has been placed second on the list to Ascot in three races. In the New England Cup, for instance, Ascot has Ost. albs., the son of The Drummer and Regalia being honoured with 8st. 3lbs., giving lib. to Blaies, who won the double at Tam- worth, 91bs. to Epicure, who won the Ducken- field Park Stakes among other races, lOlba. to Hazard, who beat Faust with 51bs. allowance at Narrabri ; Woodstock beat Drumstick very easily in Wallsend with an advantage of 7lbs. in the weights, and now the son of Maribyrnong has been allowed I5lbs. It is bard to explain that mistake, as it is a matter of fact, not a matter of opinion, Then a few duffers are aßked to give The Fifer weight, and notwithstanding that the latter has run well he has been given 211bs, from Drum- stick. The latter horse carried 7st. 71bs. into second place on the first day at Wallsend, being beaten several lengths by Lochinvar, who gave him 171bs. On tflhe second day he ran last with 7sfc 51bs., Lochinvar with 9st. lib. winning easily from Woodstock. In the face of this running it is indeed wonderful how the handicapper could have placed him where he is found, giving weight to horses who on public running could easily reverse positions. But the work ÍB a nice jumble altogether. Fancy Levi being placed over Epicure, The Novice, Mick, Woodstock,-and The Fifer. The only race that I know Levi to have won is the Raymond Terrace Handicap. Clifford and Pearce have been matched to ro.w for £200 over the champion course, Parramatta river, on the 2nd February. The match is exciting 'a good deal of interest, but Pearce is a firm favourite, it being regarded as rather presumptuous on the part of Clifford to tackle such a good man. It is said Trickett is likely to row Beach again. Pedestrians should remember that there is to be a £100 Sheffield Handicap in Maitland on Queen's Birthday. The conditions have not yet been advertised, but I am told they will be liberal. The plucky promoters deserve the patronage of runners as although they lost money by the athletic gathering on Now Year's Day they aro not at all discouraged. Entries for Clarence Town races close thi3 evening. The Mudgeo Sheffield Handicap has closed ?with 64 nominations, including Malone, Farrell, Hyam, and many other good ones. The only local name I notice is that of Alcorn, of Singleton. It is to be hoped the handicapped will keep the men within a re- spectable distance of the marksman, and give everyone a show. I would like to see the system of entering and running under assumed names done away with. How simple it is for a man to run in different places as Brown, Jones, and Robinson, and be allowed long starts at each place. Cochrane, who was disqualilii- ' at Hay, has turned out to be a well-known \ ictorian ped named Bishop. Goldsbrough's big daughtor Mileta has beon turned out for a spell. The withdrawals from the Anniversary Handicap have been very numerous, and in- clude all the Hon. James White's numerous string, my fancy, Despot, of course, going with the others. It may be of interest to know that the little fellow has just resumed worknt Randwick again, and I am informed he looks and goes very nicely. The public did not act unwisely when Sar- donyx was made favorite, for the wonderful little son of Fireworks and Onyx is always " on the job." Ho ia never brought out for an airing, and unlike the case of many favourites now-a-days he is not beaten by mistakes of his jockey. But I doubt that ho will win. The distance may not be far enough for The Drummer, but Sir Modred, it is said, is partial to it. Corio lanus has been rose IG lbs. for his win in Tattersalls Cup, which is a fair thinp, as he beat Sardonyx by almost that much. It looks, though, as if the " noble Roman " does not intend to put in an appearance, as he has returned to Victoria. As on the occasion of the Summer Cup, however, be may be hurried over by train at the last moment. Glencoe should not be as good as Coriolanus, with an allowance of a couple of pounds ; but Archie, if started and ridden proporly, will be very hard to beat, but the stablo have a few strings to their bow, and Soldier Boy is ona of them. I like Le Grand if well, and if Old Gold tries he should be about at the end. Polestar ap- pears to be a terrible funk, and is not worth trusting. Sloth had a great gruelling in his preparation for the Summer Cup, and some horses don't recover quickly. Prima Donna h»B been rose 171bs. for her Tattersall^ Cup running, but she is still one of the best in. If Lord of. the Lake is the horse he is thought to be, now surely is the time to show it. Normanby, if well, should cause trouble. Dagmar may tire be fore the end is reached, but should be as good as Brian Boru, especially as the Irishman ha3 about seen his best days. Empress is not badly treated with 7st., when it is remembered that she ran fourth in the two big races lately decided. No danger should como from any- thing below that weight, unless Jack of Clubs should cause it. Taken as a whole the handi- cap is a good one, and everything well and going on the day, I have as much fancy for Sir Modred and Archie as anything in it. Mr. E. Sampson, a bookmaker, of Wagga, has purchased Prima Donna, for 300 guineas. A team of English amateur and profes- sional cricketers intends visiting Australia during next season. G. W. Hamilton, a professional jumper, who is credited with having performed the best standing long jump with weights on record, in Michigan in 1879, 14 feet Sc- inches, has beaten it lately, having got over 14 feet 9i inches. The gentleman who backed Larry Foley in his boxing contest with Miller, is, I am told, quite willing to find £1000 for the Sydney , hero to have another bout wita the Professor. It is hard to see what show Larry can have with hiB gigantic opponent judging by their meeting, and it is an old truth that a good big man will beat a good little man. The Plattsburg and Wallsend "Amateur Turf Club have issued a very nice little pro I gramme for a meeting on Anniversary Day, and it would be well if horseowners remem- bered that entries are due on Tuesday next. Malone is growing rusty for a match, and 'would I believe, give any man in Australia a small start in 100 or 150 yards. I would like to see a match made between the Irish- man and Archie Farrell. By the bye it is a I rather strange fact that our three last cham- pion pedestrians have been natives of the Emerald Isle. I allude, to Frank Hewitt, Bob Watson, and Tom Malone. Professor Miller and the French champion, Mons. Victor, meet in a wrestling matek, in Sydney, to-day. The style is Grssco-Roman, and the condition is that Miller should throw the Frenchman five times in an hour exclu- sive of spells. All the throwing is to be on the part of Miller, Victor being supposed to act on the defensive. The Hon. J. Eales' filly Chrysoprase, by Rapid Bay out of Chrysolite, has gone to the Btud. Weston, an American who introduced the go-as-you-please craze into England, under the patronage of Sir John Astley, and who for somo time was champion at the game some little time ago, started to walk 50 miles a day for 100 days and deliver a lecture on the evils of intemperance each night during his tour. That is a new way of combining busi- ness with pleasure. Weston was presented with the soubriquet of " The Wobbler" from his peculiar style of progression. We will soon have the "tally-ho" of hunts- men and the stirring music of the spotted beauties in the district agaiu, as the Northern Hunt Club will shortly begin proceedings again. I believe the institution has gained many members lately, but I will speak more fully on this matter another time. Tho wrong man in ihe write place-the inofficient clerk. \- An English magazine is speculating as to the kind of clothes tHat ghosts wear. We always supposed that they wore spirit wrappers. The mosquito's auger Is an appropriation bill. Each curl on the head of the statue of " Liberty Enlightening the World," destined for New York harbor, ia three time's bigger than a man's body. . Belles of the bawl-girl bableB, Professor William North Rice says that the Con- necticut Elver, between Northampton and Meriden, was once 150 feet deep and fifteen miles broad, Fall ploughing conduces to better crops and the work can he done at that season more conveniently than In spring. The coloured people of Memphis have held a meeting to protest against tho decision of the Supreme Conrt of the United States on tho Civil Bights Bill. " Why are you so dlatant ?" said a tramp to a beef- steak in the restaurant window. 