gaulfield. By "THE WORM," Cold, driving showers prevailed during tho orarlier part of the morning, Tho sand traoks wero very sloppy, but the rain had done tho turf a lot of good, and tho going outnido the hurdles was in capital fettlo, ait JaloKinguotnam hods uod vjuixutu, O'Brion in tho saddlo, a Btiwng mile ( ia company with Polestar, tho Don having no tronblo in disposing of the Star, Capri, O'Brien up, with Tissno for a companion, went a eorviceablo gallop for milo. Tho son of Yottendon going with a lot moro froodom, O'Brien noxt rodo|LeGrand useful gxllop, After cantering, tho eon of Grandmaster strode onoe round nt good half pAce, going another at a good working gallop. I£e is looking and going woll, Egerton oantorod, brushing along for alf n mile. Mr Rowe gave Nonsense and Chester long steady work, tbo laUor finishing up with a conplo of strong ronnds on tho sand, Mr Connelly gavo Friendless ond Syphon some half pace work, finishing up strong. Veritas went steady. M'Leod,on Seizure, with Angler for a compaslon, went a oouplo of times over tho hurdles, jumping fairly. Mr Campbell rode Mozart nsefnl work for a milo, cantering smartly for anothor. Ho is a nice mover and is pretty woll, Mr Jones sent Ooriolonus and The Bohe mian two or throe steady ronnds, brushing homo from Iho turn. Melodious, with O'Brien up, oantorod on tho turf twico round, striding homo tho last fivo furlongs, going strong and well. Mr Long treated Egbert and Kingfisher to moving along nioely, Canuta doing good serviceable work on tbo sand, Mr Batty sent Yotelya good stfiding gsllop for a milo and a balf, tbo good looking grey going strong and freely all tbo way, polling up. well, Doeelvor put in a oouplo of useful rounaB on the sand. Ontario worked |with 'Mi D, Robinson's Cupola, who wan bent a mile and half outsido the hurdles, Merry Fonella going tho first three-quarters ol a mile, Ontario bringing hor homo. Timo vory slow, tbo hardlo racer finishing tbo round for good Btrong work, going freely. Mr Menzies' Tho Laird did modlam work on the oood. Mr R Grey wbb tbo noxt to pat in appo&ronco; with Northtrlighfc,GaBalier/rattlor, Ironband, and Gasburner, Tbo latter is a two year old, by Angler, dam Gasoline. They ar rived from tho station yesterday, nnd havo takon up thoir quarters at their ownor'a (tho hon W. Pearson) reBl- donoo. Thpy are nil looking remarkably woll, and refloat groat orodit on thoir trainer, Thoy wore all sent a steady round on the grass, and, with the oxoeption of tho two-yoar-old, wero all sont a good working gallop, tho second timo round, Gashurnor brushing homo from tho balf mile, He ioongagod in tho Foal Stakes and Nnrsery Handicap. Gssalier and Tattler ore both nominated for tho First and Second hardlos. Northern Light will probably tako part In tho baxdicaps, Mr Heywood's Spartan, in oompany with Mr Davis Ditto, went onoo round ovor the sshooling hurdles. Bocesford, with his ownor op, did strong work over 2 miles. Mr Davis Boot Gamerino and Dargo n good 7 fnrlongs, David being similarly treated, All this lot are doing well. Mr Reed sent Norfolk and Tbo Ghost onoo round torn good gallop, Graoo Darling joining in at the. mile, beating them both homo, Others of this t did medium exercise. 