Select Poetry. I'Hie DESERTED Hp li Qun any right that ium «tt»nge* fanoie» QUI H1IH1 ^ ^ v Th»n a house we «ee deserted—Void of any fclBBtt fafid Slowly rotting, damp and mouldy, every cn&mber;, roof ana floor. Ball In fear we cross each threshold, carious, yet fall of awe, • like a bodvnsed no longer, and from which the soul has fled— like B temple gacfed only to the long-forgotten dead* Hen, before a roaring fire children played vhOsmotheniinikdi Briber* from the cares of daytime by their loved ones were beguiled; Tsles were told, and .hopes and fancies lent their magic to the soene— Bfcrangeit is to see hoir dreary is the plaoe where joy has been. In this dark and lonesome chamber we can almost hear the groan Of some sad and weaty .sufferer dying in the gloom alono; Or perhaps with friends aronnd him came at „ length the welcome end, As for breath In vain he straggled, o'er him did some loved one bend. Through this doorway passed a mother, with a soft and noiseless tread, Every evening pansed'a moment, stooping o'er each little bed, Softly kissed the little inmate deeping sweetly, calmly therelittle lives so strongly guarded from a thought of sin or care. Did she ever weep, I wonder, as die passed the empty cot- Scarce a mother but die mines some one from her treasured lot. Sid a yearning strong and tender fillthe gentle mother's heart When she viewed that one cot standing from the other beds apart Iieave the room, a thousand fancies crowd from it into my brain, Yearnings strange and feelings mingled half with joy and half with pain. Here a chamber where some maiden passed her youthful hours away; Here she dreamt those dreams and fancies that like mist can fade away; Here some youth formed mighty projects, lasting as the maiden's dreams. Oh that life were but as brilliant as in youth's bright hours it seems! Spirits for the time forgotten wander through each vacant room; Hopes and dreams now dead for ever dwell like ghosts amid the gloom; Silence and decay together in the once loved home most dwell. None are left to claim the dwelling that could ever love it welL But a few more years will vanish and it shall be seen no more, Trees will grow and grass will flourish where tho house had stood before; Winds will mourn and sob around it, Aloud* will frown to see it fall; Poor, unconscious, soulless dwelling, yours is but the fate of aU! 