NEWS BY THE MAIL. LONDON CORRESPONDENCE. London, October 31. THE AUTUMN SESSION, [From our own Correspondent.] The opening of Parliament has been followed by prolonged and animated debates on the Address, and I have never known a time when party passions were more deeply stirred, or when quiet men could look forward with less hope to a peaceful political future. There are rumours of 'compromise on the Frauchise Bill, and as the Queen is anxious to have the question settled—a feeling which is shared by moderate men on both sides—it is of course just possible that a modus vivendi may be discovered. But I think that this is more than doubtful. Lord Salisbury, Lord Randolph Churchill, and the more impetuous members of the Conservative party are anxious at all costs to force a general election. In Liberal circles the belief is that if the Tonr majority in the House of Lords is materially reduced Mr. Gladstone will create fifteen new peers, with perhapsthe threat of more creations if it is necessary to take this step in order to bring the hereditary Chamber to its senses; but if the Tory majority in that House remains immovable, then the idea is that Her Majesty will be advised to dissolve Parliament in December. At any late, a dissolution is on the cards. The Tories have been made more eager for it by the premature publication of the Ministerial redistribution scheme, which has awakened hostility to the Government in all the small boroughs. This invests the pending election at Scarborough with peculiar interest. That borough is marked out for the loss of one seat, and although justice demands the sacrifice, yet electoral human nature is weak, and is apt to resent in its own fashion any attempts to deprive it of a portion of its privileges. The Conservatives count upon naving most of the small English boroughs on their side in the coming contest. MINISTERIAL CHANGES. Mr. Dodson has retired from the Chancellorship of the Duchy of Lancaster in order to make room for" Mr. Trevelyan. The change is for the better. A man" who is no force in politics makes room for a man who is. Mr. Dodson, as a good type of the dull, heavy, Whig placeman, will make a respectable Liberal peer; while the promotion of Mr. _ Trevelyan to Cabinet office gives satisfaction to every one desirous of seeing a young and rising statesman take his proper place in public affairs. Some Conservative speakers say that the Government have allowed Mr. Trevelyan to be driven from office. This is not true. Once during the last session the mental strain which he endured was too much for him and he completely broke down, and as his medical adviser warned him that his health was not equal to the fatigue and anxieties of the Irish Secretaryship he was compelled to retire. Mr. Dodson was induced to resign the Chancellorship of the Duchy, and thus a way into the Cabinet was opened to Mr. Trevelyan, who, I hope, will no longer be pursued by the mendacity and rancour of the Parnellite party. His elevation has necessarily caused other Ministerial changes. Mr Campbell-Bannerman—a man of much ability, combined with a great amount of good-nature and self-control—has been appointed Chief Secretary for Ireland. It is a serious objection to him that he is a Scotchman, but in the circumstances in which the Government are laced I fear that this iB unavoidable, as no Erishman of sufficient mark would accept the post. The further Ministerial changes will not be formally made until Lord Northbrook has returned from Egypt, but it is no secret that Sir Thomas Brassey will succeed Mr. Campbell-Bannerman as Secretary to the Admiralty ; and it is expected that the place of Civil Lord of the Admiralty now held by Sir T. Brassey will be filled by Mr. R. W. Duff,'who, although at present a Scotch M.P. and a Liberal THE MAAMTRASNA whip, began life MURDER. in the navy. Since Parliament reassembled Irish topics have, as was to be expected, asserted their right to take precedence of all other public questions, and they have been discussea with even more than the bitterness which Mr, Parnell'8 followers always manage to impart to their speeches in the House of Commons. Your readers were informed a short time since that there was a probability that the story of the atrocious crime committed in Ireland on August 18,1882, by which nearly a whole family named Joyce were swept off the face of tne earth, would be gone over again on account of a letter written by the Archbishop of Tuam to Lord Spencer, stating that Thomas Casey, one of the gang of assassins who turned approver to save himself, now declares that the evidence 'gone by him at the trial was false, and only spoken because a high official had given him the choice between losing his own life or swearing away the lives of the men in custody. Lord Spercer caused a private enquiry to be made, and having examined the notes submitted to him decided that there was no adequate reason shown for disturbing the judgment on which eight men were convicted, three of whom suffered capital punishment. The Lord Lieutenant's cnief reason was that none of the approvers bad been among the chief witnesses for the prosecution. But the Irish party have seized on Thomas Casey's recantation, and Mr. Harrington, M.P., has made it the basis of a pamphlet boldly charging the Government with suppression of evidence on the one _ hand, and the manipulation of false evidence on the other, with a view to find victims at all costs. It is allowed that two of the three men executed were guilty, but Myles Joyce is now declared innocent of being accessory to the murder, and four of the five men now undergoing penal servitude are described as no less blameless, although they pleaded guilty at the trial. THE DEBATE IN THE HOUSE. The debate which has taken place in the House of Commons on Mr. Harrington's amendment to the Address, demanding a public enquiry into the whole matter, nas been violent, and a 47 the same time tedious to the last degree, for each of the speakers in support of the amendment has been unable to resist the temptation to retell the terrible story in his own way, and Mr. Labouchere said truly that a very great deal had been said on his own side utterly irrelevant to the main question, which was not whether certain men were guilty or innocent, but whether a fair case for enauiry had been made out. Mr. Arthur O'Connor set the bad example deprecated by Mr. Labouchere by_boldly asserting his conviction that the evidence of the independent witnesses was fabrication and penury from beginning to end, and called upon the House to believe that the murder was done in quite a different manner from that stated in evidence by men dressed in short white garments pulled over their coats to avoid identification. Mr. Sealy threatened Mr. Trevelyan with being haunted by the ghost of Myles Joyce, and pronounced a panegyric upon the present testimony of Thomas Casey, which he s&d; he had fouad it impossible to Bhake in a long interview. Colonel Nolan denied that the Maamtrasna prisoners had been tried before a real Judge or Jury, and Mr. Redmond declared that until tne last depositions of the executed men were produced and a public enquiry had taken place he should believe that Myles Joyce was judicially murdered, with Lord Spencer's knowledge. Mr. Parnell's speech was far more restrained. He dwelt much on the discrepancy between Anthony Joyce's description of the murderers as men in dark apparel, and that of the two brothers, Michael Joyce and Patrick (the sole survivor), who spoke of them as having white clothes and black faces. He likewise described the murdered family as being in such bad odour—the father being a Ribbonman who had abused his trust—that those who wanted the reward knew pretty well who some of the assassins were likely to be, and named the re,t at random. He concluded by pledging hi <i«elf that the matter should not be smothere I, Sue brought up again and again till enquiry ww conceded. The first of the English Conservatives to make common cause with Mr. Harrington was Mr. Gorst, who sharply attacked the speech of the Solicitor-General for Ireland, denouncing the amendment as a step taken with the intention to discredit the administration of justice in Ireland ; and the next was Lord Randolph Churchill, who assumed a highly patronising air towards the Government, professed great impartiality, and assured Her Majesty's Government that, if by yielding this point, they obtained a few Irish votes " they need fear no taunts from him." He also claimed enquiry on the ground that Lord Hartington had promised it at the close of last session. Mr. Trevelyan replied to Lord R. Churchill in a very able address, giving first the text of the reply made by Lord Hartington, which was entirely conditional, and then defending the action of Lord Spencer on the merits of the case. He commented on the fact that Thom&s; Casey had stuck to his original evidence for nearly two years, and in reply to the jibes of his opponents that justice is not administered in Ireland, he pointed out that agrarian murders had become almost extinct in that country, and declared that this was a consolation to him for any attacks which might be made on the Irish government. Sir William Harcourt's speech was a masterpiece of close reasoning. He told the House that Lord Spencer had referred to him before replying to the Archbishop's letter, and that having investigated the subject just as he would have done any English murder case he saw no reason for interfering with the sentence of the law. He asked the House whether it was entitled to disbelieve the testimony of three men and one _ respectable woman, who had sworn to having seen certain men enter the house where the murder took place, on the assertion of a man who, on his own showiag, was both 'in acctssory to murder and a ptrj urer. MR. GLADSTONE S REPLY. On Tuesday the debate was resumed on the Irish side by Mr. McCarthy, who said nothing new, but distinguished himself, at any rate, by the good temper and courtesy of his remarks. Then Mr. Gladstone took the floor, and in a deeply earnest and highpitched address, which did not disdain such particulars as it has been necessary for the defenders of the Government to insist upon or dispose of, again and again, made an impression which no other speech on the question could make, because it seized boldly upon the real and tremendous issue at stake so far as the Irish government is concerned. Mr. Gladstone stripped away a great deal that had gathered around the seemingly modest motion as amended by Mr. Labouchere, and showed that it really involved a virtual impeachment of Lord Spencer, to whose high moral, as well as statesmanlike, qualities the _ Premier paid a warm tribute. Alluding to the manner in which the Irish government had been assailed, he said he could not understand such terms used in reference to "men we revere and love even more than we admire them." The persons, he said, who use these terms " speak to us in a foreign language." Here the Irish members caught up the word " foreigner," and applying it literally to themselves, shouted " That s the truth ! we are foreigners !" The Speaker interfered, and the Premier simply remarked that his words were applied as he had not meant them. The O Gorman Mahon brought the debate to an end with an impassioned appeal for enquiry, and then the House divided. The result was as follows :—For the amendment, 48 ; against, 219; majority for the Government, 171. Thus the Parnellites^did not gain much by their alliance with Cord Randolph Churchill and Mr. Gorst, who received no support from the bulk of their party. ButJ a night or two afterwards the Parnellites were able to wreak vengeance on the Ministerialists by joining in the crusade against Mr. Chamberlain. 