Amusements. Vicfcorien Sardon's drama ' Fedora' was produced last night by the Majeronis in the presence of a large audience. The piece -was very well mounted; and as usual the Signora's costumes were remarkablv brilliant and effective. The interest of the drama is almost entirely centred in the developement of Fedora's character ; the others serving only to bring hers into bolder relief. The plot is comparatively simple, being confined to the working out -of one idea — the desire on the part of. the heroine to avenge the death of her affianced busband, VUdimer. She lias reason to suspect that the murder of Vladimir was the work of one Loria, Count Ipauoff ; and being subsequently informed that LoriB is madly in love with her, she determines to make use of his infatuation for the purpose of ' worming' his secret out of him. This she does, and immediately gratifies her revengo by informing the Husstan secret police of his connection with the crime. Arrange ments are then made for his arrest; bat before that is accomplished, Loris tells Fedora that he slew Vladimir because he had ound him in the &rms; of his wife. Fedora's hatred o£ Loris is immediately changed into softer feelings, and she determines to save him. But Bhe afterwards learns that her treachery towards him has been discovered by his relatives, who ate x-n the point of making it known to him ; and,' finding no way out of the dilemma, she determines to die by her own hand. Her death by -poison forms the climax of the drama- It is hardly necessary to say that the dramatic powers displayed by Siirnor Majeroni as Lorie, -and by the bignora as the heroine of the piece, were quite equal to the demand upon them, and enabled tile andieno* to realise the author's conceptions in the moot vivid -and Vw«liVft manner. The interest of the drama newer flags for a moment from beginning to end; and notwithstanding the tedious waitB between each act, and the very late hour *t vrbich the performance concluded, the audience jJiBplaycg no eignof weariness or inattention — afar finer and more gratifying tribute to tho per formera than calling- them before the ourtaip. xhe piece is destined to have a long nm- Thh Sv«s«£agpipe.— A large audience assembled recently it the Darlinghurst Hall for the purpose of listening to the extremely suggestive music of. the Irish bagpipe, as played by Mr. John Coghlen, an Irish piper, who recently arrived in the colony. Mr. Coghlen is a master of his instrument, and displays its capabilities in perfection. He commenced the execution of his programme by performing the old Irish melody Taiown by the name of 'The pretty girl milking her oow.' to which Moere adapted his song, 'The valley lay smiling before me.' This melody the piper played' with much pathos aud expression. An interval of a second elapsed, and then a dance with well marked rythm, played con apiritoso, very nearly set the young folks a capering through the room, and certainly would have done so if a strong sense of propriety had not restrained them. One air after another followed, and each at the close was greeted with very warm applause. Mr. Coghlen's daughter, dressed as an Irish hiss, good looking, and apparently brimful of fun, danced an Irish jig, in which all sorts of steps were gracefully executed. She was rapturously recalled aud applauded. A second dance ef a dif ferent character showed her to be as perfect a mis tress of terpsiohorean art as her father is^f the bag pipe. Mr. Coghlen's forte is dance music; He plays reels, and jigs, and merry tunes with wonderful brilliancy and spirit, but in slow melodies he mostly gives a version of whatever tune he may be playing different to that of the printed music. This was conspicuously evident in his rendition of ' The Harp that once through Tara's Hall,' and. ' The Exile of Erin,' in both of which, respectively, the ghost of the well-known tune appeared, shrouded in misty drapery of the pipers manufacture. This indicated that the piper's notebook is in his brain and not on paper. Beyond all question he is a* very fine player on the Irish bagpipe, and those who wish to hear that instrument iu perfection may have their wish gratified by attending one of his entertain ments. To Irishmen especially the music of the bag pipe is sweet, for it suggests reminisoenoes of the green hills and flowing streams of their native land, and of the merry meetings of former days. Mr. Coghlen gives his seoond entertainment on Thursday next in the same hall. 