CAULFIELD TRAINING NOTES. Saturday morning was fine but cold at Caul, field, and not much interest attached to tho pro ceedings, as, several of the different stables hav ing engagements at Elstemwick Parkin the alter- noon, samo of tho horses located iu the vicinity 'were abszntees front the track. Conolly led off as usual with his string, of six, who did moiierato work. Tho steeplechasers Friendless and Syphon, looking very hearty, did clow canters. Batty, withDcceiver,Uniberto,OntarioandYately,wastbe next toput in an appearance. Yatoly, looking well, did three times round, patting in two goad spurts at tho end of each rouud, which was run on the course proper, while Ontario, Batty up, did twice" round, a fair working gallop, and Deceiver, iu the same stable, also did three rounds at a slow pace. Jones's charge, Coriolanus, iu bandages, went twice round steadily, on the grass, finishing off with .a sport ; and Melodious ran about a couple of furlongs at a good pace, after cantering.- J. G. Keid's pair, The Ghost and Norfolk, went the. cop dietanco at a fair working pace,, both being very eager to improve it. Cupola ran once ronnd at a good bat and tben Borosford and The Laird worked slowly, -but the former palled up sore. J. G. Heywooil sent Spartan a useful gallop of a mile, the white ' faced son of Proto Martyr and Spartan' looking very well. G. Davis's string- wore the last to appear,' and they, with the exception of David, who was un absentee owing to an engagement at Elsternwick, put in some fair work. Cameriuo did three times round on the coarse proper, and strode horns from the mile post, going in - a most taking style. Ditto and tho Derby colt Dargo cantered, and then weut on at an increased pace for nearly a mile, the latter appearing to the most advan tage, as Ditto required a lot of riding to get him out, Defiance, the hurdle racer, patting in a couple of reunds at a steady pace. During the morning Nuncio and Graeo Darling and. Leek's pair, Scaramouch and Struggler, did long, slow work, while a number of others were walking and trotting. Mr. D. S. Wallace's horses are expected to arrive at Caulfisld to, day, and an additional interest will be lent to the proceedings by the-presence of such animals as Legrand, Don Quixoto and Capri. The team, which is undor the 'charge of Walter Higginbotham, will bo located atfRowe's, where boxes have been Becnred far them. 