Tbe Religious Card-Flayer. A private solder by the name of Richard Lee was taken before the magistrates of Glasgow for playing cards during divine service. An account of the case is thus civen in an English journal:—" A sergeant commanded the soldiers at church, and while there the parson had read the prayers and taken the text. Those who had a Bible took it out, but'this soldier had neither Bible nor common prayer book, but, pulling out a pack of cards, he spread them before him. He first looked at one card and then at another. The sergeant of the company saw him, and said, ' Richard, put up the cards, this is no place for them.' ' Never mind that,' said Richard " When the services were over the constable took Richard a prisoner, and brought him before the Mayor. ' Well,' said tbe Mayor, ' what have you brought the soldier here for ?' For playing cards in the church.' ' Well, soldier, what have you to say for yourself ?' ' Much, sir, I hope.' ' Very good ; if not, I will punish you severely.' I have been,' said the soldier,' about six weeks on the march. I have neither Bible nor common prayer book. I have nothing but a pack of cards, and hope to satisfy your Worship of the purity of iny intentions. 1 Then spreading the cards before the Mayor, he began with the ace. "'When I see the ace it reminds me that there is but one God. When 1 see the deuce it reminds me of Father and Son. "' When I see the tray it reminds me of Father, Son, and Holy Ghost. When I see the four it reminds me of the four evangelists that preached — Matthew, Mark, Luke and John. When I see tho five it reminds me of the five wise virgins that trimmed their lamps. There were ten, nut five were wise and five were foolish, and shut out. " ' When I see tho six it reminds me that in Bix days the Lord made heaven and earth. "' When I see the Beven it reminds me that on the seventh day God rested from the great work which he had made, and hallowed it. "' When I see the eight it reminds me of the eight righteous persons who were saved when God destroyed the world—viz, Noah and his wife, his three sons and their wives. "' When I see the nine it reminds me of the nine lepers that were cleansed by our Saviour. There were nine out of ten who never returned than s. ' When I see the ten it reminds me of the ten commandments which God handed down to MoBes on the tablets of stone. ' When I see the king, it reminds me of the great King of Heaven, which is our God Almighty. "' When I see the Queen it reminds me of the Queen of Sheba, who visited Solomon, for she was as wise a woman as he was a man. She brought fifty boys and fifty girls, all dressed in boy's apparel, for King Solomon to tell which were boys and which were girls. The king sent for water for tbem to wash. The girls washed to the elbows, sud the boys to the wrists; so King Solomon told by that. "'Well,' said the Mayor, 'you have described' every card in the pack except e one.' "' Well,' said the Mayor. ' I will give your Honor a description of that too if you will not be angry.' ' I will not,' said the Mayor, ' if you do not term me to be the knave.' ' The greatest knave I know is the constable who brought me here.' I -do not know,' said the Mayor ' if he is the greatest knave, but I know who is the greatest fool.' " When I count how many spots there are in a pack of cards, I find three hundred and sixty-five, as many days as there are in a year. Wh«n I count the number of cards in a pack I find fifty-two—the number of weeks in a year. I find there are twelve picture-cards in a pack, representing the number of months in a year, and on counting the tricks I find thirteen—the number of weeks in a quarter. So you see a pack of cards serves for a" Bible, almanac, and common prayer book."'" —Academy of Music Courier. 