The Coburg Stakes. LESBIA ob HERE'S LUCC. The Melbourne Cap. \- The declaration of tbe Melbourne Cup second forfeits yesterday afternoon has reduced tbe number of horses remaining in the race to thirty, of which total something like eix-and-twenty may be relied on as likely starters. As I see no reason to alter my opinions of last week, when I selected OFF COLOUR, PLAUSIBLE, and SEAHORSE as the three horses which I should prefer backiog against the field, £ still pin my faith to that trio, and if soy of my readers care about taking a long shot abont a likely outsider, TbbmANDo, whomlhavefancicd from the first, should carry a few " fivers." In our Special Cup Issue of Monday next, when I shall havo the benefit of the lloe obtain a tie through Saturday' running, I shall plump for one horse. In tbe window of Meiers. Nicholson and Co.'s establishment, Collins-street, there is now on view a handsome trophy to be run for at Elsternwick Park on the 5th November. The prize consists of a couple of crystal elaret jugs, with silver (ops and lids, and a silver salver, and is from the workshop of Mr. T. Gaunt, of Bourke-street. The race, a Welter Plate, is to be ridden by amateur riders. A peculiar mode of disposing of thorough breds has been initiated by tbe owner of Sir Modred, Bristol, Cairo, and Wolaeley. Writ ten offers for tbe above horses will be received by Mr. J. Mondy, at FJemington, up till the 80Lh Ootober, by tender. Not to be outdone by the members of tbe Victorian Club, the members of Bowes' Tattersall's have decided to hold a race meet ing on tbe Moonee Valley course, on tbe 13th of December. The principal event will be Bowes' Tattersall's Cup, of 100 sovs., with a silver trophy, valued at 50 sot., tbe gift of (be chairman, Mr. W. H. M'Millan. A Steeplechase, of 75 sovs. j Selling Race, of 50 sovs. ; Hurdle Race, of 50 sovs. j and a Licensed Victuallers' Handicap, of 50 sovs., will also be included. Mr. W. S. Cox has given tbe use of tbe courso free of charge. On the 1st November next the sew rale lately passed by the V.R.C., making the minimum weight to be carried in b&ndie;π Cst., will come into force. Entries for tbe selling races to be run at tbe annual meeting of the Bendigo Jockey Club close to-morrow (Wednesday) with the secretary, Mr. H. Roberts. The Sires' Prodnoe Stakes, to be run at the Shepparton Races, olofe with tbe secre tary, Mr. H. H. Tunley, on tbe 31et Inst. West Coast, the hurdleracer who accom panied Prodigal and Signor from Tasmania, broke down badly in the First Hurdle Race at C&ulfield;, and ha? br AucnBNDARBOca, by Gang Forward out of Azetna, has been fold to go to the stud. He occupied a bcx in Joe Morrison's stable. _ Xoetolk, by Stockham out of FJeetwing, who was purchased by Captain Hairnet pre vious to tbe Caulfield Cup, Las joined Joe Morrison's etriog nt Flemington. Since our Inst ist>ue, Mr. J. Rcdfearn baa srrivrd at FleiuiDtrtou with The Plunder, Bend Or, Rufus, Hilltop, Ned o' the Hills, and Lady Claudia. Tbt-y arc located ut Mr. M. Jaiob, Ascot Vale. Mr. A. K. Corn wall Las brought Bonnie Bee, Princess of Lome, and the King of the Ring— Remem brance colt, t-ince named Mtmento, from Sydocy ; they have put up at Rigby's Newmarket Hotel. Tho latter U en gaged in tbe Matibymorg Plate, as are Mr. W. J. Siruthera' All Black and Relieur, who were on the ground ou Thursday last. Mr F. Yncimfins arrived on Monday from Sydney with Lord Clifden. He is engaged in the Melbourne Cap. In another column Mr. John Cunningham announces that he line opened a horso-break- ing establishment at tbe corner of Gertrude and Nicholson streets, where he is prepared to break io horses to saddle, in eiogle or double harness, on Professor Simple's system. The secretary of the Bwirnedale Racing Club writes us to tbe effect that they have fixed tbe 26th and 27th December for their annual racs mcetiug. The bill of fare con- M-ts"of five events each day, the principal of which are : — The Sires' sod Mares' Produce Stakes, B.R.C. Handionp, of 50 sovs., 2 mile ; Mitohell Rosic Handioap, 46 sove., lmiie; Steeplechase, 60 sovs., 2| miles; Hurdle Race, 30 sovs., 2 miles; All-aged Stakea, 30 H'>ve.t 1 mile. Nominations due 20th November ; weight, 4th December ; general entrioe, 17th Dcoember. For tbe first time this season tbe Mariby- nong Plate course was thrown open on Mon day morning. Mr. W. E. Dakin'e Proeella and The Pencil were about tbe first to use it. Messrs. Lamond, Forrester, and Hill quickly followed suit, and practised their two-year- olds over tbe tan and sand crossings. Seahobsb, who was heavily backed on 8aturdaj to win tbe Derby, is regarded by tbe Ballarat division as a better colt than Suwar- row was at hie beet. As a good deal of mystery bas surrounded the horse, and many conflicting rumouts with regard to bis con dition and capabilities have been circulated, we despatched a special representative of the Spobtsuan to Bullarat to have a look at the oolt, and he wires us that be is much impressed with the appearance of Seahorse, whom he describes as ' a big little 'un." Sheet, Anchor, Blink Bonny, Ringwood, Pell Mel (slow), Insolvent, The Andes, Odd Trickl Britisher, Lady Teazle, Western Star, Flam-, borough, and Fame caoh went strong work at Ballarat yesterday morning, the fittest of the batch being Blink Bonny, Star, Fame, and Flamborough, while Odd Trick looks vastly improved since his spell. Pell Mell bas taken kindly to tbe jumps, and, when thoroughly wound up, will prove dange roue over tho big slicks. One o the most brilliant displays of horse- mausbio that raoe-goers have been treated to this season was that of youne Moore, who rode Meteor in the Moonee Valley Cup on Saturday. The Tasmanian-bred colt was blocked twice in the raoe, and was appar ently eo far ont of it at the home turn that it looked any odds on either Yatcly or Irralee appropriating the trophy, when Moore, by dint of desperate riding, brought Meteor up with a great nu-h, and just anatehed the race out of the fire on the post. Nrwstrad, by NeckersgAt out of Ada (the dam of Mr. Wecke?' Ghost), is said to have slipped over five furlongs in a tick under luiis. 40. on tbe training track, and has been heavily backed to win tbe Maribyr nong Plate, something like £15,006 having been booked abont him altogether. Mb. W. E. Darin's cbrsnut colt Carew bad hi near shoulder bruised through being ran on to tho rails in tbo All-aged Stakes at Moonee Valley on Saturday. Sandal, the winner of the Caulfield Guineas, has been abeent from the Fleming- ioa track for nearly awcek, and it is currently reported that the filly bas taken a trip to St. Albans, to enable the Geelong party to obtain a line through her as to tbe Derby chance of Silver King. I have to acknowledge receipt of an in- valuable work from tbe pen of Mr. W. T. Kendall on "The Diseases of Australian Horses," which contains— in addition to an exhaustive treatise on the causes, symptoms, and treatment of eaoh and every ill that equine flesh in general, and tbe Australian horse id particular, is heir to— a chapter on "How to Select a Horse," and "The Law of Horse Warranty," by Nathaniel Cart- wright (barrister- at-law). Tbe necessity for a work of ibis description bas long been apparent in these ooloniea, and tbe masterly fashion in which theT different diseases are classified and dealt with by Mr. Kendall renders tbe book invaluable to horse-owners, The work, which is published by Messrs. Cameron, Laing and Co., has already com manded a large sale, the price charged (7s. 6d.) being remarkabty low for such a com pendium of information. Hannibal repeated his nasty babit of swerving in the Ngarveno Handicap on Saturday. When within a hundred vanla of tbe winning post, and running well, he suddenly ran towards the rails, and stum bling, collided with St. Lawrence, and nearly brought him to grief. The sou of Croagh Patrick did the same thing in tbe Selling Race on tbe Melbourne Hunt Club Day, eo, perhaps, Mr. D. Robertson wad glad to get rid of him for £55. The Sydney-bred two-year-olds occupied the places in tbe AU-aged Stakes at the Mocnee Valley Races. The winner, Erie, THE LEVIATHAN OF THE RING, MR. JOSEPH THOMPSON. Photographed and transferred to the wood at the " Li to' Studio. it is said, is not within 211b. of her stable companion, Uralla; if so, tbe Maribyrnong Plate looks a good thing for tbe blue and white representative. I can scarcely swal low tbe stone and a half differenoe, though. Thb official time for the Selling Race at Moonee Yallej on Saturday was given as 65sec. Seeing that the distance was four furlongs and a half, 69i»ec., which several private watches made it, is much nearer tbe mark. Thb Moonee Valley Steeplechase resulted iu six out of tbe twelve contestants coming to grief. Fortunately none of tbe riders were injured. The Clown, nicely ridden by J. Kilduff, appropriated tbe event for tbe dangerous Glasscock stable, beating Kulkyne by a ooople of lengths. Owing to the large field that started for tbe Moonee Valley Cup, it was only natural to expect that on suob a narrow course, and with eo many turns, accidents oould not well be avoided, and so it tamed oat. Huht, on Kit Nubbles, bad his boot torn through coming into contact with a post by being cannoned against. Old Phantom fared worse, for be was galloped on and received some slight injuries. Meteor was interfered with, and had hie bind lege out. Yatsly got knooked about a bitat the far turn, and Lord Wilton did not esoape soathless. Ms. R. G. Taldot, in receiving the Dumioy Trophy from Mr. Vint, the local agent for the company, on behalf of the owner of Meteor, Mr. H. R, Falkiner, re marked thatMr James Wilson possessed io St. Albans one of the greatest sires in Australia. Small doubt of that when such performers as Mains, Ringwood, Meteor, Blink Bonny, and Prodigal keep coming to the front. The results of the Moonee Valley Raoee bear quite an intercolonial character. New South Wales appropriated the first event, Sonth Australia the second, Victoria the third, Tasmania tbe Moonee Valley Cup, Victoria tbe Steeplechase, and Tasmania the concluding event by the aid of Prodigal, whom all lovers of racing were pleased to see win fcr the sake of tbe Messrs. Wilson. Mr .L. L. Smith proposed tbe toast of tbe donors of the handsome trophy, Messrs. Dnminy, and in doing so expressed a wish that their example would only be more generally adopted. On Friday afternoon Inspector Pewtress bad an interview wirh tbe City Surveyor, and arranged that Elizabeth-street from Bonrke to Lonsdale streets should be com pleted in respect of tbe underground drain and tbe widening of tbe footpaths before tbe raoe week ; also, that tbe crossings of Bonrke and Swaneton and Collins and Swanston streets should not be farther proceeded with, eo as to ensure facility of traffio, and prevent accidents and trouble that wonld be bound to result otherwise during the great race days. Swaoetou-etreet from Flinders to Looedale streets will be cleared on tbe east side and open to all traffic. Mr. Pewtress was wise in coming to this arrangement, both as regards the publio and the police. It might be mentioned here that the au thorities are considering tbe question of making an order prohibiting drivers of vehicles from stopping in Elizabeth-street, near the Post Office, to let down passengers on their return from tbe races. Messes. Josefh and Basket Thokpson arrived io Melbourne on 8aturday last, end put in an appearance at tbe Moonee Valley Meeting tbe same afternoon. Soon after bis arrival on the couree, " Tbe Leviathan" laid four fifties sgainat Virtue, and as the filly won as she liked, Mr. Thompson's Australian Spring campaign can scarcely be said to bave commenced auspiciously. Following Virtue in these daye is not invariably the beet policy, but in tbis instance the deviation from tbat path cost tbe 44 big bettor " two fauodred pounds. In tbe Supplement we publish a lengthy interview which took place on : Saturday between the Messrs. Thompson and a representative of tbe Sfoetsman, in whioh tbe travellers views on English raoing and other matters are given at length. Our illustration this week is Mr. Joe Thomp son. Mb. Gsobgb S. Thompson, Yorkshire's famous amateur light-weight, co familiarly known as 41 tbe Jigger," intends to carry on tbe Moorlands stud of his late father on a much smaller scale (says the London TPbrW). Mr. Vyner, owner of The Lambkin, made bim a present of two mares ; tbe late Mr. Clare Vyner, for whom Mr. Thompson frequently rode iu the north, owing to his light weight, gave bim another ; and Mrs. Cooper, widow of the late Capb. VT. H. Cooper, made him a present of two more, including the dam of Blueskin, who recently turned up at Baden Baden. Seahorse, Egerton, and two others of Howie's arrived at Moonee Ponds, from Bal larat, yesterday afternoon. Commotion's gallop yesterday morning at Flemington was one of the best performances of tbe season, the old horse getting over two miles on the sand in 3min. 43£eec, going well within himself. On this form he maEt be hard to beat in the Cop. It is proposed to open the New Drive for members of the V.R.C. to Flemington tbis afternoon at 3.30 o'clock. Tbe committee and towards invite members to drive down and inspect improvements. Sib Mod&ed;, who had not made a show on the Flemington training tracks for a few mornings, was quietly cantered on the tan .yesterday, ridden by Nicholson Mb. W. Netll kindly writes me that Chaff, by tbe Marquis from Badinage (dam of Banter), died foaling on 14lh October. Ws clip the following remarkable para graph from a New York contemporary. Tho 44 facte," it will be observed, are highly in teresting, particularly those about tbe eminent 44 jockeys": — 44 There recently arrived from London, England, nine thoroughbred English racehorses for Adam Forepaugh'e Great Cir cus and Hippodrome. These boraes are used iu tbe chariot races and steeple and bardie races. Six English jockeys came over auk the animals, and ride them in tbe hippodrome races. These jockeys were all in the service of tbe English nobility previous to comiDg over here to ride in Forepaugh'e Hippodrome. Tbe names of tbe jockeys and the gentlemen by whom they were employed In England are as follows : — Alfred Keongb, private jockey to tbe Duke of Westminister ; J. Edwards, for Lord Rosebery ; R chard Evans, for Baron de Rothschild ; John Heisman, for Lord Ker ; William Herper, for Lord Leicester and Count Lagrange ; Thomas Car penter, for Lord St. Vincent. The sum paid for these horses was thirty thousand dollars, to which duties and oost of shipment most be added. They are led in the street parade on tbe morning of tbe exhibition day. All have a stud-book pedigree and raring reoord." Messes. Camwell, Pratt and Co. sold tbe booths, outer carriage paddock, and the gates for the forthcoming V.R.C. Spring Meeting on Monday at Kirk's Bazaar. The following are the prioes realised by anotion : Booths on tbe Hill— No. 1, J. Sbeeban, New Treasury Hotel, Spring- street. £135; No. 2, Mr. Shepp&rd;, Junction Hotel, North Richmond, £125 ; No. 3, Mr. Scudds, Club Hotel, Williametows, £100; No. 4, Mr. Reynolds, Duke of Wellington Hotel, Flinders-street; No. 5, Mr. Sbeebao, New Treasury Hotel ; No. 6, T. H. Strachan, Westminster Hotel, Brunswick-street, Fitz- roy ; No. 7, Mr. Robertson, of Romeey ; No. 9a, Mr. Skinner, Golden Gate Hotel, South Melbourne ; No. 9d, Mr. W. B. Thompson, North Melbourne Hotel, Hotfaatn. £135; No. Ga, Mr. George Goble, Willlsmstown, £125; No. 5a, Mr. Jeans, Lancefield, £70; Nn. 4a. Mr. Evane, George Hotel, Fi'zroy, £45 ; No. 3a. Mr. Hamilton, Apollo Hotel, F'lotecray, £35; No. 2a, Mr. Robertson, Ruroscy, £25 ; fruit site on Hill, R. Francis, Fuzroy, £30; oyster booth, J. Stereo, £15. Booths od tbe Flat. — No. S booth, R. S. O'Brien. Rainbow Hotel, Fitzroy, £115; No. 7, Mr. Fleoker, George Hotel, Hotharo, £S0 ; No. C, Mrs. D'Arcy, Tam o'Shanter Hotel, Hoih&m;, £50 ; No. 5, Mr. Mark Evans, Hotham, £45: No. 4, Mr. O'Brien, £35; No. 3, Mrs. D'Arey, £35; No. 2, Mr. Skinner, £30; No. 1, Mr. Evans, Fitz- r"j. £20 : right of occupation outer carriage paddock, Mr. E. SdtniHle, £57 ; pates, Mr. M Donagb, £570. The total amount of this year's sales is £24S7. Last yeor it was £2453, which shows an increase of £34 over that of la«t year. Mr. Pratt wielded the hammer. A young man who was much respected by all with whom he came in contact was P. Shields, w« 11 known over the border aa a joebfy. He bad been a sufferer for some lime with an affection of tbe lungs, and owing to contracting a severe culd at Caulfield cn the Guineas day be became seriously ill, and soccumbed on Saturday last at the Riiceccuree Hotel, Flemington. The de ceased came over with Mr. C. T. Roberts, the trainer of Hastiogs. Tub list of good horses gone wrong has been augmented by the names of Sweet William, Skipper, Le Grand, Martini- Henry, and Sir Modred. If we add to tbis list of cripples the names of tbe Derby colts Garfield, Buckingham, and King's Own, each of whom was supposed to have a great show of winning tbe V.R.C. blue riband — to say nothing of the sensa tional Broker, who was also withdrawn from tbe mile and a half event'— tbe total comprises the cream of our cracks ; and by their absence tbe Spring Meeting will be shorn of muoh of its interest. Judging by the number of 44 realistic" dreamB which are continually being for warded to me by correspondents, some of our readers appear to have been indulging very freely in heavy suppers of late, and I notice — as a very queer coincidence — that almost every one of tbe visions described by tbe dreamers have occurred on a Sunday night. The best of tbis week's batoh runs as follows I notice yon have been girinz a little pro minence to dreams lately, so will forward yon an account of a dream I bad last night (Sunday) about the Melbourne Cup. It was nt Flemington, when the race was being run. About 2u0 yardB from home acbeenut was leading, whoee colours I find correspond with those of J?lmk Benny. At that moment another cheenut shot out and passed her— bis colours were brown and white cap; and ss be passed Blink Bonny I saw the jockey'6 face distinctly— it was Chris. Moore, who rode Meteor on Saturday . The horse must be Guaxftrork. The third home carried the colours Peeping Tom hod on Saturday— viz., purple and cerise sleeves— and I think can only be meant for L Foulsliam'e Maronry. Tou can use this as you like, but don'tmention my name. Unfortunately for the peace of mind of our correspondent, M&roney; hag been soratcbed. -Ed. 5. "We have to thank the many correspondents in all parte of tbe world who forward us newspapers. As, however, we get so many, we would esteem it a favour if they would mark tbe items which they wish to draw our attention to, and thns minimise editorial labour. Abchdald Forbes writes in the 5. A. Adrertiscr .-—The other day I went to look at ihe performances over timber of some of tbe Australian horses whose leaping prowe-e is just now one of tbe attractions of the Royal Aquarium. I remember onoe seeing a field of horsemen following the Ballarat hounds after a fashion that suggested that every man bad a couple of spare necks in his pocket, and a day with the Melbourne hounds convinced Anihony Trollopc tbat life is held cheaper in Australia than even in America. But the Bfttl&rat; posts and ratle, uncompromising as they were, were petty obstacles compared with tboe which the Australian horses at tbe Aquarium negotiate at top speed. I went and measured tbe height of a fence that au equestrienne had just taken flying in tbe oleanest manner. I made it six »eet eave a oojiple of inches. Last Wednesday Mr. T. S. Clibborn ef fected one of tbe most important sales of horees tbat has ever taken placo in the colonics, viz. , the disposal of the following draft and blood stock from tbe celebrated Grange Stud, Queensland, to Mr. Andrew Town, of Hobartville The well-known sire Epigram; Legend (imp.), in foal to Epi gram ; Olive (imp.), in foal to EpiirrAm ; Emente, in foal to Epigram; and Cadeau (imp.), with a Ally foal by the same sire, Tbe draft inclnded also tbe 2-year-old fillies at present at Rand wick, a eistor to Le Grand being one, and the other from Emeute, by Epigram. Various rumours as to the figure paid for the lot have gone the rounds, but the price has not been made public by either vendor or buyer. Ox Friday, the 31et inat. (the day before, the Derby), Hes-'. Yaffle end Co. will dispose of the S". Albans racehorses, brood mares, Ac. ; aa ri.e lots include Off Colour and Silver Kfi r, some sensational and spirited competiti n may be expected. The whole of tbe lots ffered are to be sold with out the slightest reserve, aod no conditions (beyond tbe otdin> ry conditions of sale) will be attached to any with tbe exception of Off Colour, whose pur< naaer will hare to take half or the whole ot ihe wagers taken abont him for the Melboni u Cup. The sale will take place immediate after Mr. De Mestre's yearlinpa have been disposed of, at the Pastoral Ilutel, Newmarket. Tub near approach of the Spring Meeting, and the beautiful weather of the pa days, bave made matters rather tetter for both horses and trainers, with the result that tbe Derby and Cnp candi dates bave been sent along a trifle faster than has been the case of late. Visitors to tbe Flemington training-ground bave been numerous, and tbe keenest in terest was manifested, whether in the gallops of Commotion or the schooling of a hurdleracer over the sticks. The best work daring tbe week wes performed yesterday morning, when some good galloping was done. Commotion bears off the palm for the really splendid two miles be ran, doing the distance alone in 3min. 43|9ec., and that on tho outside of the sand tract. Plausible on Saturday morning covered a strong two miles and a quarter gallop inside tbe course proper. Ilia Plunger and Hilltop, Tbe Broker and Leporello, Lord Exeter and Favo, Anglesey, Guesswork, and Conjecture, Vergy, Grati tude, Bargo and Tremando, and Royal Irishman have all got throogh most ser viceable and genuine preparations. Amongst the two-year-olds Lady Claudia, Uralla, Magnifier, The Pencil, Newetead, Danseuse and Arsenal, Bureldah, Cairo, Sauvignon, and Burford have appeared to the moat ad vantage. Mb. Donald Wallace and Mr. W. Pear son visited the Flemington training- ground yesterday morning to witness their respective borers goiog. Unfortunately the iormer gfutkm&n; had not the pleasure of seeing his horte, Lej Grand, galloping; but "Mr. Pesren's Piaurible and Commotion per formed well enough to satisfy the most fastidious equine owner. Akotoee Melbourne Cup representative, Lord Clitden, an aged hore by Lord of the Hills, cur of Le Grand's dam, was on the Flemington truining-gruued yesterday morn ing. His import in the great Spring Handicap i only Ont. 12ib., end if he Lp.s any prc-teneione to be considered a rure burse, the weight should uut stop him. His best performsnoe as a four- year-old, when, carrying 7st. 5!h., he won the Brisbane Cup, beating Melbourne, h V.R.C. Derby wiuner, who had 2nt. more, in tbe good time of 3min. 37sec. He is under ibe care of Mr. F. Yeomans. Burton, who has, until recently, been attached to Mr. J. D. Ribert eon's stable, bas left that gentleman's employment, and is prepared to rnter into another engagement. As Burton can ride 7st. 71b., and lias won innumerable races over all distances, be thould not be long without a mount. What is known as the Hurricane case baa occupied the attentiou of the Victorian Club on aud off for the past ten weeks. Tha facts of the matter are, briefly, that a Mr. Miloe, of Adelaide, telegraphed to Mr. Fltming, a bookmaker at Hawkesbnry, as follows : — 4' Put one hundred pounds od Hurricane for me, and back Rapid for three bnndred, if advisable." The telegram did not arrive at Hawkesbury till after the raoe. Fleming, however, replied: " Have taken five hundred to one hundred Hurricane for you. Nothing on Rapid." On settling- day Mr. Milne was applied to for the £100, whioh he refuted to pay, but forwarded tbe telegram to the Victorian Club, with an affidavit that tbe wire did not reach Hawkesbury till after tbe raoe. The committee of the Victorian Club called upon Fleming and another bookmaker named Vince, who claimed the money from Mr. Milne (a6 be laid the wager to Fleming for Mr. Milne), to appear before them to answer the charge. Mr. Milne, who did not appear, forwarded his written Statement, as before mentioned. Fleming, on tbe othex band, alleged tbat when in Adelaide in May last, in conversation with Mr. Milne, he re quested him, if he 44 thought it good enough, " and had backed Hurricane himself for the raoe, to pat £100 on for him (Mr. Milne), and produced several witnesses in corroboration of his statement that he had already taken the £500 to £100 when the wire was received. Amongst tbe witnesses examined was Mr. L. 6\. Dixon, a New SouthWalee squatter, who. stated that he instruoted Fleming to put £160 on Hurricane for him for the Adelaide Cup, bat that Fleming, when afterwards offered the money, refused to take it, stating that he had not put it on. After mature delibera tion the committee of the Victorian Club fooud that Messrs. Fleming and Vince had been guilty of conduct unbecoming members of the Victorian Club, and have postponed their further decision until Friday. The most noticeable withdrawals from the Cup yesterday were la Grand, Sir Modred, Ned o tbe Hills, and Despot. The scratch ing of Silver King for the Derby, also Helene and King of the Gip-iee, came with a sort of shock to those who had been backing these outsiders for the Blue Riband. 