OCCASIONAL NOTES. THE Straits Times says that some Western Australian gentlemen have leased a piece of land a few miles from Singapore for grazing purposes, their intention being to get sheep from Cossack, and, having grazed them on this land, kill them for the local market. MR A. DEMPSTER telegraphing from Esperance yesterday says : A native has been arrested by Corporal Truslove for robbery at Scotts station. We have removed our well-boring apparatus to our new pastoral leases, the Commissioner having refused to allow us to pre-empt within our older leases, which, to us, seems unjust. As we have increased the weight attached to the drill we can now bore six feet of rock per diem.' MESSRS. BETHELL. Co., of London, writing to us on June 13th, with reference to shipping matters, says-We have to «djlseyou that the Annie McDonald sailed on Saturday last, the 7th, and we are now pushing the Chalgrove and have arranged for her to sail on the 30th June We are also looking out for a steamer to fill our berth for early August sailing, and had nearly fixed the Glengall (owned by the same firm as the Glenochil), but we are in no hurry to close with her, as she is rather larger than we quite like." Mrs. F. W. SKAKS, whose drawing of the prize zeal for the Perth corporation was much admired, has lately finished a portrait of Sub-Inspector Lawrence, in neutral tints which is a capital likeness, and displays some careful and artistic- workmanship. Mr. Sears has already established a reputation as a very competent engraver, and. baring evidently a thorough knowledge of his business in all its branches, it is to be hoped he may find sufficient scope for his abilities to induce him to remain in the colony. THE funeral of the late Director of Public Works and Commissioner of Railways, which took place on Thursday last, was very largely at- tended, amongst those who followed the remains to the grave being His Excellency the Governor, the Chief Justice, and the members of the Executive and Legislative Councils, besides the officers of the Works and Railways Departments and numbers of private citizens. Mr. Thomas, during his official career in this colony, never courted popularity, and often placed himself, perhaps sometimes unnecessarily, in antagonism to public opinion or to what he probably regarded rather as public sentiment But he was of a generous, kindly nature ; although he felt criticism he never personally resented it, and, even those with whom, in official matters, he had most often been at variance, entertained for him a feeling of genuine regard, testified to in a marked FSS on the occasion of the last sad tribute paid to his memory. IT is stated, we are not aware with what amount of accuracy, that our Railway Department consider their liability in case of fire result in' from engine sparks to be very limited, and to be altogether provided against so long as the use of spark catchers is not neglected. If this be really the opinion of the Department it would seem to be based on erroneous premisses, for it appears that the South Australian Government have lately been mulcted in fines and West for alleged culpable neglect in set- ting fire certain paddocks by sparks from an engine-the neglect consisting not in one long to use a spark catcher, but in not having cleared away from either side of the line all herbage liable to catch and communicate fire. If the Department be really liable for ^nflagrataon arising from such case, it is desirable the fact should be known, for now that the iron I horse is penetrating into the habitat of the ss ver grass, fires due to engine sparks are certain to be frequent, when summer comes on, unless due precautions are taken. We may add that one of the chief points against the Commissioner insisted upon by the Judge who heard the case in South Australia, was that he had neglected to remove some dead mallee branches, from which the conflagration was supposed to have originated. THE eager battle still kept up regarding the meaning of Lord Derby's now celebrated despatch on the subject of Responsible Government is becoming postively wearisome-wearisome because it is absolutely fruitless. As we have already pointed out, a despatch of this nature is of very little importance, and to quarrel about the exact meaning intended to be conveyed by its phraseology is, therefore, labour spent in vain. The Council asked for a direct answer to a direct question. No such answer was given ; the reply being merely indicative of what may possibly follow, telling us nothing that we did not know before, and specially designed not to commit the Imperial Government definitely to any particular course of action. What their present intentions are, we know perfectly well, for the Colonial Office officials are by no means ' cautious in the sense of ' secretive,' and have not hesitated unofficially to proclaim them. Some persons read Lord Derby's despatch in the light of these unofficial intimations ; others in the light which their wishes throw upon it. But, as a matter of fact, so far as that point is concerned which is of chief interest, the despatch in question means simply this.- that the Colonial Office refuses, as yet, officially to commit itself. EVIDENTLY His Excellency the Governor does not entertain that dread of and aversion for the speculator in land leases which has seized so many of our colonists and has even to a great extent influenced the action of the Secretary of State, for in a despatch addressed to that functionary he expresses himself respecting these gentry in the following sensible terms : " As to that spectre of colonization the mere speculator,' I look upon him when properly bridled by a stocking clause, as the friend of the colony. We certainly owe to him a great deal of our present prosperity and it seems to me that his desire to make money, and the high price he exacts from the third party to whom he sells his lease, are merely so much additional security that there will be bona-fide use made of the pasturage. One of the worst things that can happen to a tract of country is its occupation by an original lessee who is too poor to place more than a minimum amount of stock upon it. But, if the original lessee sells his rights, let us say over the grass of 500,000 acres, to a third person for a couple of thousand pounds, he sells them to an occupier who must perforce be a capitalist. The purchaser who gives £2000 for a block of country, and intends to settle on it, must necessarily possess additional funds, wherewith to stock and work it and the more money he pays the more it is incumbent upon him to turn it to a profit by placing a large head of stock on the and with the least possible delay. Specula- tion in pastoral leases is a very different thing from speculation in land in fee simple. So long as there is a stocking clause I do not see how it could injure the colony." A VERY singular article, illustrative we presume of phases of ignorance with which some minds in the community are afflicted, appeared city contemporary on Wednesday last. The writer, inextricably mixed in his ideas, becomes delightfully funny, his remarks having the charm both of complete novelty and of grotesque eccentricity. In the first place the in- variable custom adopted for obvious reasons of convenience-of adjourning the debate after the address in reply to the Governor's speech has been formally moved and seconded, is discovered by this genius to be " an obstructive course of conduct," and the members for the Swan and for Toodyay come in on this account for the reprobation of a critic who evidently has not a ghost of an idea what the whole thing is about. In the second place, he has heard that Mr. Brown has renounced the existing form of Government, and it remains in his memory, also, that Mr. Steere has been occasionally styled ' leader of the Opposition. So he puts these two facts together, and deduces from them the most extraordinary conclusions ; soundly rates Mr. Brown for not indulging in that abuse of the Governor and all his doings which he imagines to be a necessary consequence of the member for the Gascoyne s present political position, threatens him with the wrath of his constituents, and announces the ' disgust and dissatisfaction of his foster-father of the Op- position.' The poor creature labours evidently under the absurd delusion that this foster father ' is at daggers drawn with the Government. In the third place the height of absurdity is reached when Mr. Brown is furiously attacked for not " boldly denouncing the iniquitous suggestion that the Legislature of Western Australia should contribute its little mite towards the expenses of taking a step which it had itself most earnestly recommended. We joined with the other colonies in advising annexation of New Guinea by the Imperial Government ; we passed a special resolution of our own praying that such action might be taken and when it is proposed that we should pay a paltry £150 towards defraying the cost of a policy running on the lines we had ourselves proposed, a member of the Legislature is upbraided for not having denounced the "ini- quity" of the suggestion. Such a tissue, from beginning to end, of ludicrous blunders, and oc balderdash we have never yet perused, even in the columns of the Inquirer. It will be seen that at the Guildford ploughing match luncheon His Excellency the Governor compared the Legislature to a team of horses and himself to the coachman. The comparison was by no means apposite, because neither does a coachman consult his horses as to the way they should go, nor does he follow their advice. He humours them sufficiently to prevent their knocking up, but, beyond that, he simply commands and compels them. He treats them as unreasoning animals, or as animals, rather which have no business to reason, and must simply be taught to obey. But Sir Frederick Broome has shown that he understands his position as a Governor under the present constitu- tion in a very different sense from that of a typical coachman. He has shown that he realizes the fact that the present constitution was meant to secure Government in accordance with the wishes of the people, so far as those wishes were compatible with what the Govern- or believed to be reasonable and right and instead of driving (and compelling, he has so established the: relations between the Executive and Initiative powers that, as Mr. Steere pointed out in his late Guildford speech, the friction, the jealousy of each other's preroga- tives, and the combativeness, bred of ill-con- cealed annoyance that the one should have to give war to the other, which formerly so often characterized those relations, have.beenjcomple tely removed, and the¡tiovernment{and representatives of the people have been enabled to work peaceably and harmoniously together, and to devote their attention solely to the interests of the country whose welfare they have in charge. The only reason, however, why we refer to what after all was a wholly unimportant little slip of the tongue is to point out how eagerly it has been seized by unscrupulous advocates of other interests than those of good Government. " He (the Governor)," says a certain journal, " means to let them (the Council) feel that he has the whip hand of his team. We trust that in this he is in earnest." No doubt the writer, whoever he may be, does trust so. But having evidently very little sense of humour, he cannot p receive the absurd comicality of the expression of this fervent hope. A matter of fact, straight- forward, ingenuous nature might feel some surprise that the so-called organ of self-Government should manifest so great an anxiety to promote its opposite- personal Government. But the reason is obvious enough. If the Governor acts upon constitutional lines, if he recog- prizes, as he has stated his intention to recognize, " the legitimate powers and responsibilities " of the representatives of the people, and endeavours, not to obstruct and coerce but to work with them, then, unfortunately, the people may be led to think that an assumption of the burdens of party administration is not immediately required. Perish the idea ! Much had it been feared that it might prevail. But great was the relief when, from a chance expression dropped, possibilities of the " whip" bore in sight, of a taste of that " mild despotism " practised by Sir William Robinson, of memory pleasant to reformers,' who cannot refrain from making themselves both ridiculous and contemptible by giving utterance to the earnest * trust that Sir William's successor will follow in his footsteps and breed discontent and disunion, 