WELL UTHENTICATED GHOST STORY AND ITS EXPOSURE. Sir Edmund Hornby, late Chief Judge of the Supreme Consular Court of China and Japan, who describes himself as "a lawyer by educa- tion, family, and tradition, wanting in imagina- tion, aud no believer in miracles," has contri- buted the following record of a strange exper- ience to Messrs. Gurney and Myers, the authors of a paper in the Nineteenth Century. He first narrates how it was his habit at Shanghai to al- low reporters to come to his house in the even- ing to get his written judgments for next day's paper : " They generally availed themselves of the opportunity, especially one reporter, who was the editor of au evening paper. He was a pe- culiar man, reticent about himself, and I ima- gine had a history. In appearance he was also peculiar. I only knew him as a reporter, and had no other relations with him. On the day when the event occurred, in 1875 or 1876, I went to my study an hour or two after dinner, and wrote out my judgment. It was then about half-past eleven. I rang for the butler, gave him the envelope, and told him to give it to the reporter who should call for it. I was in bed before twelve. I am a very light sleeper, and my wife a very heavy one. Indeed, it is very difficult to rouse her out of her first sleep. The bed - a French one - faced the fireplace; on the mantle-piece was a clock, and the gas in the chandelier was turned down, but only so low as to admit of my seeing the time at any time of the night, for-waking easily and fre- quently - I often smoked a cigarette before I went to sleep again, aud always desired to know the hour. "I had gone to sleep, when I was awakened by hearing a tap at the study door, but think- ing it might be the butler - looking to see if the fire were safe and the gas turned off - I turned over with the view of getting to sleep again. Before I did so, I heard a tap at my bed-room door. Still thinking it might be the butler, who might have something to say, I said, ' Come in.' The door opened, and, to my sur- prise, in walked Mr. ----------- I sat up and said, 'You have mistaken the door, but the butler has the judgment, so go and get it.' Instead of leaving the room he came to the foot edge of the bed. I said, 'Mr.--, you forget yourself ! Have to goodness to walk out directly. This is rather an abuse of my favour.' He looked deadly pale, but was dressed in his usual dress, aud was certainly quite sober, and said, 'I know I am guilty of au unwarrantable intrusion, but finding that you were not in your study I have ventured to come here.' I was losing my temper but something in the man's manner disinclined me to jump out of bed to eject him by force. So I said simply, ' This is too bad, really; pray leave the room at once.' Instead of doing so he put one hand on the footrail, and gently, as if in pain, sat down on the foot of the bed. I glanced at the clock and saw that it was about twenty minutes past one. I said, 'The butler has had the judgment siuce half-past eleven; go and get it.' He said, 'Pray forgive me; if you knew all the circumstances you would. Time presses. Pray give me a precis of your judgment, and I will take a note in my book of it,' drawing his reporter's book out of his breast pocket. I said, 'I will do nothing of the kind. Go down stairs, find the butler, and don't disturb me - you will wake my wife ; otherwise I shall have to put you out.' He slightly moved his hand. I said, "Who let you in ? ' He answered, ' No one ! ' 'Con- found it,' I said, ' What the devil do you mean? Are yon drunk ? He replied quietly, 'No, and never shall be again ; but I pray your lordship give me your decision, for my time is short.' I said, ' You don't seem to care about my time, and this is the last time I will ever allow a reporter in my house.' He stopped me short, sayiug, 'This is the last time I shall ever see you anywhere.' " Well, fearful that this commotion might arouse and frighten my wife, I shortly gave him the gist of my judgment in as few words as I could. He seemed to be taking it down in shorthand ; it might have taken him two or three minutes. When I finished, he rose, thanked me for excusing his intrusion and for the consideration I had always shown him and his colleagues, opened the door, and went away. I looked at the clock ; it was on the stroke of half-past one." Lady Hornby now awoke, thinking she had heard talking, and her husband told her what had happened, and repeated the account when dressing next morning. " I went to the court a little before ten. The usher came into my room to robe me, when he said, 'A sad thing happened last night, sir. Poor ----- was found dead in his room' I said, 'Bless my soul ! dear me ! what did he die of, and when ? ' Well, sir, it appears he went up to his room as usual at ten to work at his papers. His wife went up about twelve to ask him when he would be ready for bed. He said, 'I have only the Judge's judgment to get ready, and then I have finished.' As he did not come, she went up again, about a quarter to one, to his room and peeped in, and thought she saw him writing ; but she did not disturb him. At half-past one she again went to him and spoke to him at the door. As he did not answer, she thought he had fallen asleep, so she went up to rouse him. To her horror he was dead. On the floor was his note-book which I have brought away. She sent for the doctor, who arrived a little after two, and said he had been dead, he concluded, about an hour I looked at the note-book. There was the usual heading : " ' In the Supreme Court before the Chief Judge. "---versus---" " ' The Chief Judge gave judgment this morn- ing in this case to the following effect '- and then followed a few lines of indecipherable short- hand. I sent for the magistrate who would act as coroner, and desired him to examine Mr. ----'s wife and servants, as to whether Mr. ---- had left his home, or could possibly have left it without their knowledge, between eleven and one on the previous night. The result of the inquest show- ed he died of some form of heart disease, and had not, and could not have left the house with- out the knowledge of at least his wife, if not of his servants. Not wishing to air my 'spiritual experience' for the benefit of the Press or the public I kept the matter at the time to myself, only mentioning it to my Puisne judge and to one or two friends ; but when I got home to tiffin I asked my wife to tell me as nearly as she could remember what I had said to her during the night, and I made a brief note of her replies and of the facts." (Lady Hornby has kindly confirmed the above facts to us, as far as she was cognisant of them.) " As I said then, so I say now -- I was not asleep, but wide awake. After a lapse of nine years my memory is quite clear on the subject. I have not the least doubt I saw the man,-have not the least doubt that the conversation took place between us. I may add that I had examined the butler in the morning - who had given me back the MS. in the envelope when I went to the court after breakfast - as to whether he had locked the door as usual, and if any one could have got in. He said that he had done everything as usual ; ad- ding that no one could have got in even if he had not locked the door, as there was no handle outside - which there was not. I examined the coolies and other servants, who all said they opened the door as usual that morning-turned the key and undid the chains, and I have no doubt they spoke the truth. The servant's apartments were separated from the house, but communi- cated with by a gallery at the back, some distance from the entrance-hall. The reporter's residence was about a mile and a quarter from where I lived, and his infirmities prevented him from walking any distance except slowly; in fact he almost invariably drove.-EDMUND HORNBY.'" The Shanghai Courier thus demolishes Sir Edmund's graphic account of his ghostly adven- ture :-" Sir Edmund Hornby has succeeded in playing an amusing joke on the Psychical Soc- iety in the excellent ghost story which is pub- lished in the Nineteenth Century ; and it is still more amusing that we have already heard people here say that they remember Sir Ed- mund's telling them the story years ago. The story is that Mr. Lang, the former editor and proprietor of this journal (Sir Edmund does not give the name, but there is no doubt about it), came up into Sir Edmund's bedroom in the middle of the night, made Sir Edmund give him the heads of a judgment which he was about to deliver, and went away at half-past 1 in the morning, when Lady Hornby woke up, and Sir Edmund told her what had occurred. When Sir Edmund got to tho court in the morning, he was told that Mr. Lang had died in the night, and in his notebook were found some indecipher- able shorthand notes, presumably representing what he had taken down while sitting on Sir Edmund's bed. Here is a first-class ghost, vouched for, as the Nineteenth Century assures its readers, by the late Chief Judge of the Sup- reme Court of China .and Japan, who describes himself as "a lawyer by education, family, and tradition, wanting imagination" - (here Sir Ed- mund does himself a gross injnstice) - "and no believer in miracles." It is almost cruel to de- stroy such a beautiful story. Authentic ghost stories are so rare, and so precious when authen- ticated as this one purports to be, that only the stern regard for truth, which is the immutable guide of the Shanghai Courier, could induce us to destroy this pleasing fiction. But we must be eager to guard the reputation of Mr. Lang, a man far too well educated and well mannered to allow oven his ghost to go into a gentlemen's bedroom when his wife was by his side, however important it might be to him to get the notes of a judgment which he could not require to use until the following evening. Mark how a plain tale must put Sir Edmund down! Mr. Lang died suddenly about 9 o'clock in the morning of tlie 10th January, 1875, having been in his office for nearly an hour arranging the business of the day. Sir Edmund Hornby did not deliver any judgment either that or the following week, so that Mr. Lang could not have been anxious about getting the notes of what did not exist. " But," says the Nineteenth Century, "Lady Hornby has kindly confirmed the above facts to us, as far as she was cognisant of them." It is not an unusual tliiug, we believe, for the gods to be asked " to annihilate both time and space, to make two lovers happy ;" and in this case they must have been asked successfully, because this ghost- walking, if it occurred at all, occurred on the 19th January, 1875, and Sir Edmund was not married to his present wife until tlie 29th April of the same year, having been a widower for at least two years previously. A curious point in the story is that the ghost wrote shorthand, while Mr. Lang did not; but perhaps ghosts may master phonography more easily than mor- tals. After all we do not do so much unkind ness in publishing these facts, because to anyone who believes ghost stories, these physical diffi- culties only enhance the preciousness of the narrative ; but it is not quite safe to publish a ghost story when the alleged facts can be contra dicted by notices of deaths, marriages, and other judgments in a newspaper file." 