ENTHROiSEMKNT OF MSIIOI' 11 Alili Y. (MXTEK's AUESCr Sydney, 24th April. The enthronement of * the Right Kev, we Bishop of Sydney took pjace to-d.'iy. The weather this morning was beautiful. St. Andrew's Cathedral gates were opened at 9,30 for admis sion, which was by ticket only, and long before 10.30 every seat allotted for the spectators wa3 occupied, the arrangements baing* most perfect. The catuedral w;>s not overcrowded, and every poison wius Seated, tho^e taking part in the cereir.ony having met at the deanery. The follow ing procession way formed:.—The verier, tho repre sentatives of tho diocescs tc» fehe Synod (walking two and two) from 2>oj*h Queensland, Ballarat» LaUiur.st, Graftou and Annidale, Goulburn, Brisbane, Por^h, Newcastle, Melbouroe, Adelaide, laminar,?,:* j.nd Sj'dney, the clergy of the dioc£?s °a Sidney (two and two): tho juniors preceding the minor canon of the cathedral, the precentor and lay members of ths- cathedral chapter, tho canons of the eathw5r.*l, tlio bishops of the pro vince of New South Wales (two and tw<>\ ^)S> bishop* o?</iocases in Australia and Tasmania, tne A*chdi>acun of Cumberland, th*i Dean of Sydney, tile Bishop, followed bv thi> chaplains aud i>>a officials, the secretary of tb? dio.e.^ o« Sydney. The procession octered the cathedral by the^jf*1 west door, tho choir sin^in? tho hymn, * Church has one foundation," and then prosci*hd up tl«Q Have towards tho holy tabl*', Bishop Bai'X taking his seat at the east end of the .*fccrurtt;m. Tho bishops of Melbourne, Brisbane, Newcastle Bathurst, Tasmania, and Perth were on the nznt side of the communion table, and tho bi*.]oj,s °J Ballaratj Goulburn, Adelaide, ^ueenUand, anu Ci'.-iftnn on the loft. Tlio bishops chaplain sat „„der tlia throne, Dean Cowpor being m lus usual Inir The representatives of dioci^.es of Australia •mil Tasmania sat in tlio nave, tlio clergy in scuts .wai ved fm- them at tlio oast eml of tlio choir. A voluntary followod, Mr. Montague Younger. the I'Atl'edral organist, playing tlw Hallelujah chorus " Morning prayer then followed in 13. lvdms LXXI and LXXII fnmi tlio cathedral f ilter and tho chants then followed. The tiist essou was taken from Isaiah LXf, being read by (jiiion King, after which tlio dean and archdeacon Inducted Bishop Barry to his throne, tlio bishop b inding to tlio dean tho Notorial Act of his con serration, which was afterwards read liy tho otlicial secretary, tho dean at the conclusion placing in the bishop's hands the pasLoral stall' of tlio late bishop, and addressed liini as followsIn tlio liamo of God, anion, L, William Macquarie Gowpcr, Master of Arts, Vicar- General of tho diocese of Sydney, and dean of tho cathedral church of St. Andrew, in tho city of Sydney, and archdeacon of tho said city and suburbs, do hereby induct,; install and enthrone tliec, Alfred Harry, Doctor in Divinity, having boon duly olectod to be bishop of the diocoso of .Sydney, and having boon lately consecrated bishop into possession of this church with all its rights, honors, and appur tenances, and may tho Lord preserve thy going out and thy coining in from this tinio forth for evermoro. Anion.M The Dean and the Archdeacon having roturnod to thoir places, morning prayer was proceeded with, the To Deum from Smart in .1.) boiug bcmtifuliv sung. Tho second lesson from St. John, X>vI, from the loth verso, was read by Canon Gunthor. Tho JubilntiS was sung from ■Smart in K. At the cread all r.ho bishops, with one exception, turned towards tho oast. It was al*onoticeable that soveral of tho clergy failed to take this position. Tho anthoni (Gounod's), " Send out thy light," was thon.rondored most efficiently by the choir, the boys being greatly assisted by several ladies. Then followod the special suf frages and prayers, in which tho following was introduced, "Oh, Lord, savo thy servant, our bishop, who puttoth his trust in Thee. Sond him help from Thy holy place, ami evermore mightily defend Him. Let tho enemy havo 110 advantage against him, nor tho wicked approach to hurt'Him. Bo unto Him a strong tower from tho face of tho onoiny. Oh l.ord, hoar our prayer, and let our cry oomo unto thee. Almighty God, tho givor of ill good things, who, by tlio Holy Spirit, liast appointed divers orders of ministers in thy church, mercifully bo hold this thy servant, Alfred Harry, who is now remitted to tlio otlico and dignity of Bishop of this diocoso, and therewith the metropolitan of tho Province of Now South Wales, and Prinuito of the dioceses of Australia and Tasmania, and so replenish him with tho truth of thy doc trine and induce him with innocency of life, that both by word and doed ho may faithfully serve thee in these ollices to tho glory of Thy name and tiie edifying and well governing of Thy church. Grant we beseech thee that ho may long livo happily to rulo this church, and that having worthily fulfilled his course, at tho lattor day ho may receive tho Crown of righteousness laid lip by the Lord, tho righteous Judge who livoth and reignoth one God with tho Father, and the Holy Ghost, world without end. Amen." At the close of the morning prayer tho Bishop? of the province of Now South Wales proceeded t,i the bishop's homo, and the Bishop of Goul bourn, as senior bishop, presented the Bishop of Sydney with an address, recognising him as metropolitan of tho province of Now South Wales, llishop Barry returned thanks, and then tho other bishops of tlio various dioceses in Australia anil Tasmania joined tho Bishop of tho Province, and the liisliop of Brisbane, as senior Bishop, addressed tho Bishop of Sydney, recognising him as I'rimato of tho dioceses in Australia and Tasmania. Bishop Barry, in reply, said in the same spirit: " 1 accept this largo address of welcome, and I pray God that the ollico to which 1 am now received may, under God's help, be the means of knitting togethor in close unity all the dioceses of the clorgy in this groat country on one foundation, besides which nouo other can be laid, even tho Lord Jesus Christ." The liyinn " Veni Creator," or,. " Como, Holy Ghost, our s ails inspire," having boon sung ill unison, all tho bishops returned to tlio sacrariuin, and tho anto fomiminion service was proceeded with, tho Bishop of Sydnoy reading tho command ments, tho responses "Bliss" in F being sinig by tho choir. Tho Kpistlo was read by tho Bishop of Brisbane, and tho Gospel l.v the Bishop of Goulburn thou followed tlio oifertory, tho prayor for tho church militant being said by Bishop Barry, nftor which a soft voluntary was played during tlio rotiromont of tho non-coui muuicants. At the conclusion of tho service tho procession returned in rovorso order to that in which it entered, tho Bishop of Sydney taking precedence of nil tho other bishops. Sir George Strahau, Governor of Tasmania, Commodore Krskiuo, Sir Henry Wrens ford ley, and a largo nuuibor of distincuished visitors word present. Tho wholo proceedings wore most im pressive. After tho onthronomont tho bishop was enter tained at luncheon in the Masonic Hall, a largo number of bishops, clergy and citizons being present. Sir Alfred Stephens, Lieutenant 'iovernor, was in tlio chair. Various toasts appropriate to tho occasion were proposed. Tho oifertory at tlio cathedral in tho morning amounted to£220. 