PICTURESQUE VICTORIA. \--------<>-------- BY " THE VAGABOND," IN THE " ARGUS." \------------ BEECHWORTH. No. III. One of the first questions a stranger sojourning in Beechworth is asked is, " Have you seen the view from the ' One Tree ' Hill ? " The site from beneath the shade of the old survey landmark, is one the " lions " of the place. On one hand you see the beauties of the valley, its depths extending far away in the distance to the Woolshed. On the other side of the hill the pleasant town is spread out beneath your feet. Looking over this you see the giant Bogong, silent and majestic, rearing aloft his snow-capped peak. Down his sides are ravines filled with snow, which appear from here but as narrow fleecy rivers flecking his bosom. Around Beechworth on all sides the hills are verdant with foliage. As a relief to their green hues houses peep out here and there venerable with weather stains or radiant in new red brick. The upturned and brown earth of the old alluvial diggings lend color and variety to the landscape. The tower of the Post-office is the centre of the picture. The church- like tone of its clock striking the hour can just be heard floating faintly on the breeze. Seen from the hill the ever-chang- ing effects of light and shadow which play upon Beechworth are most pleasing. The indolent town never looks better than when the sun touches it with a Midas finger, brightening it with golden tints. Its close vicinity to the mountains, perhaps, accounts for the beauty of the clouds which often canopy it. A painter need never return home, as some do, with a fine picture minus a sky. Nature has supplies ad libitum what many an artist evolves from his inner consciousness within the precincts of his studio. His sketch-block, if he sits but for a short time on one of the moss- covered slabs of stone, need not be barren for a sky. The facilities for sketching from nature around Beechworth are very numerous. It is surprising that the young ladies of the district have not formed an outdoor sketching club, as an accessory to their musical accomplishments. I saw some fine oil and crayon studies by a lady amateur during my sojourn in Beech- worth, but they were exceptional. Other- wise, the only art-curiousities here are some wonderful old prints of the Hogar- thian type at one of the hotels. I do not know whether the natives of Beechworth sufficiently appreciate the neighborhood of their birth. Custom may have made the neighborhood prosaic to them. But to those fresh from the hurrying throng of Melbourne, the auburn-like solitude in civilisation, as experienced at the One Tree Hill, gives a calm delight not soon forgotten. Leaving the survey-tree, I climb up an immense boulder of granite near to the " Robbers' cave. " The stone is of a coarse grain, and crumbles and breaks away in pieces as I gain the top. The rock is poised on the edge of the hill. The slightest touch would apparently send it rolling to the bottom of the valley. There is a steep fall below amongst broken granite and fallen timber. To the left is the " Robbers' Cave. " It is a curious work of Nature. Two large boulders support another, while a smaller one fills up the space in front, leaving an entrance, thus forming a rude but complete cave. In front, growing in a crevice out of a block of solid granite more than 7ft high, is a stunted specimen of the sheoak. It is marvellous how trees live here upon this rocky ground. In places there is but the slightest sprinkling of soil, such as you would fancy the first rain would wash off, leaving the rock exposed ; yet the trees grow, though they cannot be said to flourish. The sight from the top of this boulder is worth the climb. Beneath, the gaze extending seven miles away, are the deserted workings of the famous Woolshed gold-field. Where the noise and life of 50,000 men once filled the air, a few miserable Chinamen now exist. It is passing strange how the Celestial race haunt old diggings, like carrion birds hovering round their prey. The golden lore of former mining greatness exercises a peculiar effect upon this heathen race. They turn and re-turn, wash and re-wash, old alluvial workings, hoping to find a precious speck left by lucky and careless diggers. Near the huts belonging to the Chinese is the white arch of a bridge, spanning Reid's Creek. Upon the flat on the site of the Woolshed young scrub has grown to such an extent that old greybeards say that " Woolshed bosses " would not know the place where they made their piles. Down the valley at the present time there is a blue smoke like fog, such as I have often noticed in these hills. As the midday sun shines it rises and melts away. That it is due to the scrub on either side of the hills is evident from the fact that it is only observed between wood-clad gorges. Beyond this mist, over yonder steep hill, was the hut in which Aaron Sherritt was killed. It is a very lonely spot, and " eke a one " for such a deed. The hut has since been burnt down. In the bed of the valley Reid's Creek twists and twines in serpen- tine curves till it is lost to sight in the bush. Viewed from here, the foliage resembles some distant sea. Of the tree trunks little can be seen, save, perchance, the white, ghost- like skeleton of some giant gum which has in years back been " rung." Descending One Tree Hill, we cross a little rustic bridge, under which a brook babbles, on to Reid's Creek below. A Chinaman is here gathering and washing watercress, which he tells me he will sell to the inhabitants of " Little Bourke- street " at three haIf- pence a bunch. " Little Bourke-street " is the local name for a Chinese camp on the other side of the Rocky Mountain Company's wash-dirt patches. It well deserves the name ! Turning around to the right we cross Reid's Creek and follow a well-beaten track along its bank en route to the Falls. The path winds with the stream. Here and there we pass a deserted house, crumbling with age or falling with neglect. Small fields are beside these ruined dwellings, partly enclosed by rotten fences. These old places tell their own tales. They were erected in the early days, when all was couleur d'or. They belonged to miners with families, who utilised them as homes while they themselves were miles away, working down the valley. As we proceed the country becomes more broken, and walking is difficult. Scrambling through a clump of scrub, we discover a plot of ground under cultivation. A rude fence surrounds a more rustic habitation. The fence is made of split logs roughly tied together with thin strips of wattle- bark. In front of the door of the hut, which is built of large slabs of bark, tin, and other rubbish, there is a great heap of charcoal This is the charcoal-burner's home. It revives memories of European forests. I give a loud " Coo-ee ! " which awakes echoes among the granite rocks around, but there is no answering call. The charcoal-burner is out fossicking in the creek, by which he adds a little to the humble store he makes by selling charcoal at 2s. per bag. Leaving his hut on the left, we climb over slippery boulders, dodge boughs, and avoid logs all the way to the falls. At the top of most of the granite which just shows itself on the surface a small spring usually bubbles, sending clear water trickling amongst the moss which covers it. The results of an incautious step upon this may be guessed ; I cannot say I altogether ad- mire it. As we approach the falls the path becomes steeper, and the descent more dangerous in consequence of the presence of these springs. When once down the treacherous sides of the bank the water in Reid's Creek is seen tossing, tumbling, and dashing over the slippery slabs and pro- jecting rocks which form the bed of the stream. The height of this fall is variously estimated at from 400ft. to 500ft. There is enough water in progress to enable me see the sight to its full advantage. But the body which races over these falls at the time of a flood must be immense. On either side of the bank I could see water- worn stones, which would make the stream at this place about four yards wide during flood-time. This fall made the work upon Woolshed much easier than it would other- wise have been. The impetus gained here is far below the falls. The country around is very wild and cheerless. A few mosses and lichens trail from the rocks, and wave adieu to every passing breeze. Stunted as the trunks of the trees are, their leaves and boughs partake of the same character- istic. Yet there is a favorite resort of holiday-makers and pleasure-seekers. To see the falls properly, however, one must creep to the edge of the stream, a task fraught with some danger and considerable trouble. It reminds me of the time when in the manner of the serpent, I looked into the gorge below Govett's Leap. As if to show her bounty, Nature has placed within 20 yards of Reid's Falls a ouriosity in stone. A Frenchman named , Dubois, once, visiting the falls, wandered a little from the beaten path, and dis covered, placed upon two other large j stones, apiece of granite shaped like a head. He named the stone "The Sphinx." Itis about 8ft. in length by 4ft. in breadth. I At the top of the sphinx the granite over- 1 laps in such a manner as to form a slight resemblance to a "granny cap." The root of the nose starts directly below the cap, and goes half-way down the iace. The nose is flat, wich a comical curl up at the bottom, which by imaginative people may appear to portray the nostrils. One eye is an excellent imitation of the natural I organ, but the other is not so well defined. The mouth is what is called " speaking feature." The lips are parted, and be tween them iB the semblance of a tongue. From the lower lip, which is of a fair rosebud shape, the length of the chin! almost equals that of the nose. . Dubois colored the eyeB, mouth, and chin, thus adding more humor to Nature's strange freak. All around the sphinx, written and painted upon the granite is the real caddish Anglo-Saxon style, and the names of persons who have visited the spot. Beneath, and under the shade of the rocks, are the last evidences of many a picnic feast. Tins which once contained pre served meats, and bottles which once held British and Beechworth beer, are scattered about in wild confusion. There have been few picnics here lately. It i3 long since merry laughter mingled with the noise of the falls. A dog who is with us starts on the slope above mean affrighted rabbity and courses it with many a bark up the 1 hill. There are, happily, not a great number of bunnies about here. The granite formations do not favor the growth of sweet grasses or savoury herbs. Much less apparently, does Nature here favor the production of the grape, yet on the left side of Reid's Creek there is a vine yard where, I am told, they make good wine. Situated in the position it is, it just catches the warm rays of the morning Bun, which give life and bloom to the vine. I . Stanley, situated on the Nine Mile Creek, county of Bogong, electorate ef the Ovens, is 186 miles north-east of Mel bourne, and six miles from Beechworth. In the township are Episcopal, Wesleyan, I Catholic, and Presbyterian places of wor ship. There is a State-school with an ! average attendance of 148. For public buildings Stanley possesses a court- house, police-camp, a temperance-hall, and an Athenaum, with a free-library containing 2280 volumes. Situated as Stanley is, on the northern Blope of the Dingle Range, and owing to its height above the sea- level (2400ft.), snowstorms are frequent in winter, and it is colder than Beechworth. Mount Stanley (height 3444ft), which lies about four mileB south-east, is . a favorite resort for picnic and pleasure parties, the view from its summit being a magnificent one. The State forest here supplies Beech worth district with timber, giving employ ment to several saw-mills. Alluvial and quartz mining is carried on, the formation being lower silurian. The population of the township is not 300, but the district around, I am informed, supports at least 1000\. Beechworth is the natural centre of Stanley and its dependencies, and two coaches run to and fro daily. _ But they leave at unearthly and inconvenient hours, so I drive thither, escorted by a friend who knows the country well, in a buggy belonging to my host, a descendant of IriBh kings, whom an unkind fate has brought down to dispensing whiskey te an unappreciative public, who do not, sb he complains, drink enough of it for his profit. We drive across the bridge, round to the left, with the Rocky Mountain work ings below us, the Benevolent and Lunatic Asylums on the hill to the right. We pass through "Little Bourke-street," where the Chinese have taken unto them selves- many daughters of the land as wife and mistress. . There are several good stores, and John at his house door, warmly clad, seems in good case. From the bridge over Spring Creek there ' is a gradual ascent, in aome cases becoming steep, and a hard tug for our horse. We are soon In the bush, the primeval forest is all around. The gum trees are the same as before the horse of the first shepherd, or stockman rode over the Mayday-hills sta tion. These trees may be in some places enclosed into paddocks, but there are other and more formidable, evidences of man's .encroach. On every hand; one sees ditches and races, vr&ter; brought from the hills to the lower workings, or the waste from other claims above. There seems a plen tiful supply, at least from our notions derived on barren plainB. But these dwellers on the hills r e quire an- o verflo w. The workings in the sluicings ig the bBd of the efeek around Beechworth consume hundreds of thousands of gallons. There has-not been mueh rain lately, and miners toll me that this is a bad season. With running "streams, and foliage and grass fresh and verdant, it- seems very strange ! to hear this complaint of want of rain. However, I am lucky in having Buch a fine season for my sojourn in the lulls When I get" into another district Beech-; worth has my" heartfelt wishes for a down; pour. 