A HAUNTED HOUSE, BY A LADY WHO LIVED IN IT. (From Merry England.) I went to live in Cheltenham in the January of the year of 1874. The house 1 took waB in a row, and in one of the beat known and moat central parts of the place. There was nothing singular in its appearance, the look of gloom and neglect which it at first presented being easily enough explained by the fact that it had been unoccupied for a few months. Nevertheless, on the first and every other night of my residence in it, I heard extra ordinary noises; noises as of some one running up and down stairs; crashing sounds as if heavy substances were falling; and, night after night, distinct talking in the bedroom next my own. At first I reproved my two children who occupied this room for talking so late; but they always said that they must have been fast asleep. Pays went on, and I often stood on the landing in the dead of night listening to these strange noises, and filled with apprehensions about burglars. We were all women and chil dren in the house and burglars were for weeks my only dread. The strange sounds were not at first heard by any one except myself. I often asked the maid, who came to my room in the morning, " Did you not hear those extraordinary noises in the night ?" and was always assured that she did not. One night I was lying awake, when I distinctly saw a figure standing by my bed. A night light was burning in my room;but before I could see whether the form was that of a man or a woman, the light went suddenly out. I exclaimed "Who's there ?" and rang my hell; but no one heard the bell, and I calmed myBelf enough in a few minutes to strike a light. I tried my door and found it was shut, just as I had left it when I 'went to bed. It was between 2 and 3 in the morning, and I can be sore I had not Blept at all, from the fact that, on looking at my watch, I thought it was two, then, that the hall clock struck last. My night light had not burned out; there was enough left to have lasted the usual time. I was sur prised andagitated; butnotsorry to find that £ had not disturbed my children and the ser vants, and I determined not to ring again. At daybreak that morning there were the old crashing sounds I had heard so often; hat the other noises had not been so loud daring the night. One morning, not long afterwards, I noticed how ill the servant looked when she came to my room. In reply to my enquiry, she said " No, she was not illshe " did not feel quite well, but it was nothing." How ever she looked wretchedly ill ail day, just as any one looks who has had bad news or been frightened. We were now in the spring, with long bright evenings, I was getting so accustomed to the noises in the house that I had ceased to pay much attention to them; when, one evening between 8 and 9, when my youngest girl was upstairs, getting ready for bed, and the maid in the room with her, the child suddenly ran into the drawing room, crying out, "Oh, mother, do come upstairs, there are such noises in onr room!" Turning round to speak, I saw the look of terror in her face, and I went upstairs with her as quickly as possible. Surely enough, as I went into the room, I distinctly heard loud raps on the walls, and load whisperings in the room. The maid was standing speechless, with fear. "How long has this been going on ?" I asked. " For about half an hour," she said; " but I did not like to say anything till Miss Mary begged me not to make such a noise, and I said, 'I am making no noise, Miss.' Miss Mary then ran down to you, ma'am," " Have you heard these noises be fore?" "Yes, I have, often lately; just about thiB time, when I have been putting Miss Mary to bed." After I came into the room the raps grew louder, and the whispers increased, and the talking I had so often heard. I sent the maid downstairs, and stayed with my child till she fell asleep, and for some little time after; the raps going on at intervals all the time, and grow ing louder after the child was asleep. The talking, too, was most unmistakable, as if two persons were in conversation together; and on that night, and several others, it assumed atone of entreaty. Byandbyl went down stairs, as it was time to have the house fastened up for the night. But I saw by the maid's frightened looks that it would have been cruel to make her sleep in her own room. She looked exactly as she did on the day when I had been so struck by her strange appearance; and when I now atked her why she was so terrified at the raps, she answered, " The house is haunted, ma'am. I know it is, I have een something. It is a hannted house." I ried to reassure her, and finally promised that she should spend the night in my own rcom. My eldest girl also said she would rather be with me; though she had treated it Bllas a joke for a considerable time, and thought, as I cfid myself, that it might be some mischevious' tricks of the next door neighbors. My youngest child I also brought into my room. The walls of my room did f*0t communicate with the next house—the only cue joined to burs—in any way. All that night the raps at the head of my bed were very loud afjd dis tinct, and the talking went on almost con tinuously ; while towards daybreak the crash ing sounds were louder than I had ever heard them ; my room literally shook and vibrated, and I was rocked in my bed as if by an earth quake. The next morning I insisted on my maid telling me what she had previously seen; she seemed afraid I should think her silly, but at last, after a good deal of hesitation, she said, "You remember, ma'am, asking me one morning if I was ill ? That night I had been dreadfully frightened. I was lying on my side with my face to the door, when I felt as if I was being pulled round to face the spare bed in the room, and on it was kneeling a girl, lockiDg as if she was crying. There was a bright light allround her, and she stayed there for what seemed to me about five minutes, and then faded away. I tried to jump out of bed, but I could not. At dawn I got up, and I felt very ill all day from the fright." Shortly before this, a servant had left me, giving no reason beyond an idle excuse about her health. My maid now explained it all by saying, "Ann told me she could not stay in this house, there was a reason why she could not, though she would have liked to stay, and was not really too ill to do her work, but she would not stay in this house." Nor could I ever get another servant in her place. Findinsthat my children and the maid did not like to he away from me at night, I arranged that we should all sleep in the children's room, the largest in the house, and use the other rooms as dressing-rooms. This was, of course, a most uncomfortable state of things, but there was no help for it. I was very sleepless and very wakeful, and for the greater part of every night I heard the loud raps and the talking. Sometimes, too, I heard stunds of moaning. All this time I never felt the least fear, but I was very anxious on account of my youngest child, and on account of the maid who seemed likely to ' he frightened into an illness. Some friends took my youDgest girl away to their house from time to time, to take her thoughts from the noises. Our next door neighbors went away, but still the raps and the talking went on. One eveniDg in May, my eldest girl be came for the firattime Eorionsly alarmed. Ihad gone to see some friends, and was jast about to return home, when a scrap of paper in my daughter's writing was brought to me. "Please come home, mother. Your bedroom hell has been riDging loudly with no one near it," The house was near, and I was soon at the door. It was opened by my daughter in sad agitation, and the maid was behind her in a distressing state of terror. All that night the noises were fearful. From room to room, and up the staircase, the raps pursued us. We used the back dining-room, or " study," as- akind of pantry. In this room I told the servant to take her supper that evening. She had scarcely sat down, when she rushed back and almost fell into the dining-room, grsping out as well as she could, " The raps are over my head, on the ceiling 1" -And it was true. Things had now become unbearable. As soon as I could I left the house, the noises going on until the end. The apparation seen by the maid, whom I had always found truthful, may have been only a dream. As for the mysterious bell riDging, not only the maid heard it, but my eldest daughter too. All the rest that is here recorded I saw and heard myself ; and I have written down the facts exactly as they occurred. INine years have passed tince these things occurred. Tbe youngest daughter of the lady who shea made a record of them is now grown up, and has supplied us with the following supplement to her mother's narrative ] For months before the night on which I ran downstairs in a fright 1 had gone to sleep with my fingers in my ears, to shut out the horrible whisperings and rappings at the head of my bed. My sister always teased me for being afraid of ghosts ; but one night, she herself got frightened. She was stand ing by my bed, and mother and the maid were talking outride in the passage, when I heard something under my bed, and asked my sister to look. She laughed, and said it was nothing; hut, while she looked, about a dozen black creatures, like toads only with horns and a tail, eame out from under the bed, and ran over my sister's foot and across the room, disappearing down the wainscot, to return no more. Again, the the very next night, my Bister and I, were alone in this room, when we both saw a figure gliding along. It was about the height of our mother^ and, in ihe dusk, we both thought it was she, and said, "What arc you gliding like that for mother?" She was outside, and, hearing bertelf called came in ; but she had not before been in the room. The maid was afraid to go about the house alone at night, so my BiBter or myself always went up stairs with her. OneDightmy sister was with her, when they were suddenly stopped in the middle of the staircase. They could not move hand or foot, or speak, or even look at each other. Their candle was blown out by some invisible power, and they remained for about five minutes in the dark, not able to go upstairs or down, but hearing fiendish laughing all the time. This went on for several nights, till at last my sister said : " Go instead of me to. night, Mary; let us see if you will be stopped in the same way." I went and we were stopped. On another night, when I went with the maid into her room, there was abrlght light all round the window, and while we were looking at this, the figure of a girl—the same as she had seen before—floa led in through the window, and knelt down on the bed, crying bitterly, until, in a few minutes, she seemed to fade away. Finally, we saw, several times at dusk, in the garden of the next home (which was then uninhabited), the figure of a girl digging ; and she was the same girl whom we saw in the maid's room. 