MELBOURNE HUNT CLUB RACES. (FROM OUR OW.V CORRESPONDENT.} MELBOURNE, Saturday evening. Notwithstanding the general postponement of the festivities usually observed in celebration of Her Majesty's Birthday, tbe Hunt Club decided to make no alteration iu * heir arrangements for holding their autumn meeting at tbe Klemington course on the anniversary; but in point of attendance nor of sport was the affair a very great success, for the former was rather small, while the latter was below tbe average of ordinary Bunt Club meetings. The weather, however, turned out very fine. In spite of the threatening aspect of tbe sky overnight and viewed merely in tbe light of a pleasant Ssturday afternoon's outing, the visitors to the course could have nothing to complain of. The following were the events:— SELLING BACE Or 60 sovs. The winner to be sold for £100. Weight for age, with selling allowances. Five furlongs. Mr J. D. Bobertson's ch g Liddington (Burton) 1 Mr J. Kennedy's b g Saxon (Sheeban) ., ..2 Mr L. Barnard's b g Knowledge (Moore) .. .. 3 No other starters. Betting—& to 4 on Liddington, 6 to 4 agst Knowledge, 4 to 1 agat Baxon. Saxon got off withn slight leld, but all kept well together till near the finish, when the favorite went up and won easily by a length and a half. Time, 1 win. 8} sec. The winner was knocked down to Mr J. B. Gill for £15. CORINTHIAN FLAT RACE—A welter handicap of 60 . sovs. Open to all horses. Amateur riders. Threequarters of a mile. Mr S. Miller's b c Pailleroo, 6 yrs, 10st 101b (Mr Cos) j Mr E. Weeks' ib c Manfred, 3 yrs, lOst 101b (Mr Byrne) 2 Mr J. A. Lang's b b Petrel, 0 yrs, list 81b (Mr Bowe) 3 Mr G. W. Y. Sinclair's ch g Sonnetteer, aged, list lib (Owner) o Betting—Even on Pailleroo. After a good start Petrel was tbe first to show in front with Pailleroo next, but on nearingthe stand Petrel fell back to third place, and Pailleroo, took tbe command, beating Manfred by a full length. Time, l min. 2U sec. FLYING STAKES.—A handicap of 50 sovs. Four furlongs. Mr J. Cleeland's ch c Cupola, 3 yrs, 7st (Moore) Mr J. O. field's ch g The Ghost, G yrs, 7st 121b (Brysnt) .. .. .. .. .. .. MrS. Miller's br I Pyrette, 3 yrs. 7st 9!b (Olds).. 3 The following also started:—Mistake, Hannibal, Primus, Precious Stone, Stationer, Sir Charles, Leportllo, Ignore, Polly, X.a Belle, Saxon, Exminater, Sheets, Lyons Lady, Berkeley. Betting—3 to 1 agst Cupola, 4 to 1 agst The Ghost, 7 to l*to 10 to 1 others. After a very straggling start, Pyretto obtained a trifl-ng advantage, but was caught almost immediately afterwards by Cupola and The Ghost, the two latter malting s close finish, Cupola winning by a neck, Pyrette a goad. third, and Stationer fourth Time, 63 sec. OrEN STEEPLECHASE, of 100 sovs. Two miles aud a half. Mr G. Glasscock's br g Blackthorn, aged 12st 81b (M'Leod).. .. .. .. .. .. Mr B. Howie's g g Chippenham, aged lost 41b (Lock) :. .. _ The other starters were-Australian Court, Midnight, and Black Jacket. Betting—7 to 4 against Blackihom, 2 to 1 Black Jacket, 4 to 1 Cliipprnbsm. Blackthorn was first away. End led over the first fence, followed by midnight, Australian Court, Block Jacket, and Chippenham in .that order. At the second fence, both Midnight' and Australian Court balked, the latter getting over; while Midnight balkod again, and was thenceforward ont of the race. Blackthorn continued to lead all rbrongb, and was never touched, ijlack Jacket was closing upon him in the second round, but fell. Iher&co; then lay between Blsrkthom and Chippenbam, the foimar winning by three lengths. Time—6 min 16 sec. THE BRUM SELLING STAKES—A handicap of 100 sovs. Winner to be sold. No selling allowances. AH proceeds from sale of winner to go to the club. Any other horse may be put up for bale at an upset price of £100, which up?et will go to the owner, and any eurplas.to the club. One mile. Mr J. G. Ecid's b m Impulse, 4 yrs, Tat (Moore).. 1 Mr K. Howie's b h Egerton, 4 yrs, 8st (Kelly) .. s Mr S. Miller's br c Pan, 2 yrs, Bit S.b (M'lntosb) i Tho following also started:—Primus, Petrel, Sea Serpent, Brimstone, and The Gift. Betting—Even on Egerton, 2 to 1 sgst Sea Serpent, 4 to 1 agst Impulse. Brimstone assumed the load, and cut out the run. ts ning for nearly the first half of tbe distance, with Bgerton in close company, with Impulse and Pan following rait. At tbe turn, Brimstohe fell back beaten. Impulse going to tbe front and winning, after a good contest with Eeerton, whom he beat by a length, with three lengths between second and third. Time, 1 min. 48} sec. 1 he winner was sold to Mr Hurtle FIshdr for 330 guicea?. QUEEN'S BIRTHDAY STAKES.—A handicap of 50 sovs. Three-quarters of a mile. Mr S. Miller's b c Pailleroo, S yrs, 7at (Olds) .. Mr J. G. Keid's ch g Tbe Ghost 6 yrs, 7st 101b (Swallow) Mr J. Cleeland's ch c CupoK 3 yrs, 6st 111b Williams) .. .. .. .. Beating sixteen others. Betting—3 to 1 aest Cupola and Pailleroo, 5 to 1 sgst Uproaricus, 6 to 1 agst The Ghost. Owing to the l&te; hour at which this race was run, it was impossible to distinguish the colors till the horses .reached the stand, when IPailleroo was having a sharp tu-rarle with The Ghost, aud-ft was thought that tbe latter would have been landed a winner, .but for the unfortunate slipping of his saddle. As it was he made a good second, and Cupola cot a bad third Time, 1 min. 20} tec. 