MELBOURNE GOSSIP. (BY THE GHOST.) There was quite a mild flutter of excite ment among the legal members of the Assembly at the beginning of the week when it. became known that Mr. Kerford, the Attorney-General, was lying so ill at Sorrento that his medical adviser had been telegraphed for, and had proceeded express to the patient's.bedside. Visions of seats on the Government Bench, with Supreme Court judgeships looming in the dim future, floated before the minds of many a bridfless one; only, alas ! like most mundane dreams of happiness, to be rudely dispelled. The alarm was afalse one, the indisposition of the honourable gentleman being only of a temporary kinid. Mr. Kerferd's reputa tion for political astuteness has long been a matter of notoriety. lie is generally credited with having a thorough knowledge of the side on which his bread is buttered. It now appears that lihe possesses another of the attributes of Major Bagstoek, and that, in. addition to being "sly," he is like that gallant officer "devilish tough." The Attorney-Generalship is not likely to be vacant for some time to come. Mr. Service, who has also been somewhat indisposed, has, however, to all appear ances, recovered his wonted health, if one may judge by the vigour with which lhe blew his own trumpet on the occasion of a banquet tendered to his colleague in the representation of Castlemaine. Of the fifteen measures promised by the Premier on the opening of the late session he had, he said, succeeded in passing thirteen into law. People, however, who expected the head of the, Government to afford them an inkling of the future Ministerial intentions must have been sorely disappointed. Beyond touching in a general way upon the subjects to which lie could not well avoid alluding, ]Mr. Service did nothing. Yet there were numbers of municipal re presentatives present who were anxious to know what shape the new Local Govern ment Amending Bill was likely to assunie, and whether the oft-promised substitute For tolls, which on their abolition mne of the Premier's present col Leagues boasted he could provide in awonty-four hours,' had up to the present been discovered. In the midst of a mining :obstituency, too, it. would have been ntoresting to the banqueters to hear some liing about the intentions of the' Govern nont in regard to the Mining on Private Property Bill, which was so shamefully strangled in its infancy during last session. heo audience, however, were doomed to lisappointmnent. The Premier displayed die iateni du silence which an astute French tatesman has pronounced to be the rarest f.political gifts. However satisfied the Unests may have been with the " spread" 'urnished for their bodily delectation, the sental pabultm offered them was assuredly uf the most meagre kind. The Minister so doubt reckoned that an after-dinner sudionce is not apt to be hypercritical, and hat when the sparkling wine is " boozy," hhe guests-or a fair proportion of them sometimes are entitled to the salme appel ation, and that the political draught >ffered them should therefore be "drawn nild." \- During the past week some of our hoiiciWtY justices have been earning an unenviabld notoriety. Mr. Gregory, of Horshalia, has been committed on several chlares of fot??ry, and Mr. T. K. Dwyer, of Nirranda, In die W estern district, has been sent for trial to tle WnarinamUbool assizes for cattle steialing. Of course,. the mere .fact of gentlemen being. auithorisee., to eappehd the letters J.P. to their patronymic does not render them.im'inctulate. But il " the old country." it is but seldom' the occupiaiits of ihe Bench render themselves amenable to t i elaw. They do not write other people's namke instead of their own, nor mistake their nelg ?.ur cattle, and turn them into beef. Afte? a'flt pierhalps the disgrace into wlich the admind?t*?tion of justice is brought by such epletied attaches just as much to those who ap r pointed] the magistrates as to those in dividin?le. tlhemselves. So long as a .J.P. ship contiides ± bq? the reward of political services rendered at election times, so long will most unfit and irli*h'ipb: prosons con tinue to be placed on the Consinission of the Peace. Adding ta lman's name to' thei roll of justices is such a cheap and carde metlhod of showing one's gratitude that it can hardly be wondered at if members of Parliament avail themselves of it to dis cha'ge their liabilities to influential con stitleoitdf: tltd strange though it may appear, catetCl dulling, and a disregard for the law of oiessna and tutum, are often associated with politi?cl influence. And yet another "gentleman" sworn to keep the Queen's peace has come to grief, Mr. Powell, an ex-publican, of Footscray, who, for some reason best known to some former Attorney-General, was seated on the Iench, has been fined 40s at the City Courtf Ic' obstructing the police in the performance of fllqir duties, and using expressions more forci'bld than polite in re gard to the guardians, of law and order. The trouble originated over a vendor of ice creams, who was ordered to "' move oil,". and demurring to the mandate, was backed up in the contumacy by the Foot scray justice, who was incontinently locked. rip. Que of the bystanders was heard to reuncli-- nidd fortunately the atrocious joke was .titofet so sotto voce that it was only audible to t ]ir'lited number of the audience, of he also would most assuredly have been marched off to durance vile that the "high screams" of the itinerant vendor of those fearfully and wonderfully concocted delicacies were infinitely less strongly flavoured than the language of the J.P. The presiding magistrates evi dently were of the sanid opinion, hence, the mulet of forty shillings. We are not after all to have a femaleo uedical practitioner in our midst. " The profeslson" hasl taken the alarm, and the application of Mre, ' Doctor" Potts for herl license to kill and e~tlo hlas been refused by the Victorian Medical Doard. This body has even gone a step furthir, and in timated to the enterprising American lady that if she does not at once chdrop the afiix of 3M.D. to her name slhe will be liable to a prosecution. It is really touching to witness such solicitude for the public health displayed by our medicos. Will Anna Potts have to leave us in search of a fresh field of enteiinohe ? Mr. Patterson, M.L.A., the representa tive of Castlemaine, has, prior to his doe parture on a trip to the mother coulntry, been presented with a testimonial, as the champion of Victorian Protestantism, and the partner of his joys and sorrows has been made the recipient of a liandsome diamond bracelet and pair of earrings. There is perhaps nothing very extra ordinary abnUt the affair, save that the whole proceeding Serves to illustrate how, when at times men ire not born to great ness, and do not even achieve it, it is often thrust upon them. The Defence Minister is-to use an ex pressive idiomatic phrase-making a mess of it. The new defence force is being enrolled, and the old Volunteers have not yet, according to an oflicial memoranduim, been disbanded, although everyone, in cluding the men themselves, imagined that they had passed into the limbi of " things that once were." Colonel Sargood's scheme is also receiving some rough handling at the hands of some of his military critics. It has been forcibly pointed out that the com position of the new "army" is defective, comprising too many Artillerymen, too few Infantly and a ridiculously small com pliment of iavalry. And one inquisitive gentleman hans enquired through the Press whether the promotion to the rank of "Colonel," to which Major Sargood has just been gazetted, applies to the old Volunteer force, to the new militia, or to both? The War Minister altogether is having rather a lively time of it, and no doubt often wishes lie had not turned his a yard measure into a Field Marshall's I bateri. Having imported a number of Im- I perial officers, it would perhaps on the whole have been better had Mr. Sargood remembered the old dictum, "No sator iltira crejpidamus." There is, as yet, no change in the bill of fare submitted by the management to the play-going public, consequently . the audiences are visibly thinning at the Royal and the Princess. The Bijou pantomime, with its lovely scenery, and the Opera House with "Rip Van Winkle" are, however, doing a good business. This latter piece is elaborately mounted and well played, and, abounding as it does in pleasing melodies, has greatly grown in favour since its first production. But matters theatrical may on the whole be designated as flat. This, no doubt, is largely due to the fact that the endeavour to stifle rivalry by getting the proprietorship of three out of the four houses into the same hands, - has been only too successful. Monopoly has killed competition, which in things stagey is, as in other branches of trade, "the soul of business." 