AMALGAMATED SOCIETY OF ENGINEERS. The Fort Adelaide branch of the Amalga mated Society of Engineers held its eighth annual dinner at the Duke of Wellington Hotel, Port Adelaide, on Monday evening, March 24. There was a very large attendance, Mr. T. R. Kneebone (president of the branch), supported by the Mayor of Port Adelaide (Mr. T. J. King), and Messrs. D. Bower, W, E. Mattinson, and W. ChrMie presiding. The vice-chair was filled by Mr. J. Clegg. After the loyal toasts had been honored, His Worship the Mayor of Port Adelaide gave " The Parliament," in responding to which Mr. D. Bower said he was very pleased that the Rev. Canon Green was not present, as he would be sure to refer to himself and his col league as the " ghosts of members of Parlia ment." (Laughter.) The Parliament with which ho had been connected had always been ready to receive suggestions from the people, and had been willing to attend to their wants, and although it might be said that the old members had sought to meet their own selfish ends, yet he was quite satis fied that they had done their utmost to fur ther the interests of their fellow countrymen. It had been a labor of love with nearly all of them; and as for patriotism, he thought it was rather Belf- pride, ambition, and other motives that had inspired them, Ho would not give a fig for a man who had only self-aggrandisement before him. They were all being educated to what they had to carry out—not only the mechanic, but the laboring man—and he looked forward to the day when all the members of Parliament would be taken from the model schools, for he thought Port Adelaide should be proud of thechiidren surrounding it. His colleague and himself had during their Parliamentary career done their best for the country and people, and when they promised to.do a thing they always carried that promise out, hence the very large requisitions that had been presented to them askiDg them to stand for re-election. He wa3 an engineer himself, brought up to the busi ness, and had worked bis way from the lathe to the top of the tree, his present.position, and knowing as he did the difficulties and hardships which. surrounded every trade he would always do his utmost to help any society organised on such principles as the Amalga mated Society of Engineers. (Applause.) Mr. W. E. Mattinson also responded, re questing the electors to be careful when electing members for the ensuing Parliament to get none but those who could speak out openly and plainly upon the taxation ques tion. He said this because the Upper House had rejected a taxation (proposal carried by the House of Assembly previous to his con nection with it. Ho thought the proposal was rejected on the supposition that taxation was not necessary, but it had been clearly shown for three years that it was necessary. Although he did not agree with the Bill sent up from the Lower House, yet the Upper House should discuss the merits of the policy before throwing it out. (Hear, hear.) In proposing the toast of " The Amalgamated Society of Engineers," Mr. G. L. Barrow said the society was founded upon principles of justice and right. Its object was the mutual improvement of the members, and no injustice whatever was intended to the em ployers. The attendance of such a large number of employers at that dinner showed plainly enough that the society had their good wishes, and that they considered its intention was to help and not to injure. He thought there would never be a reformation of the social system until there was a cd-operative feeling among the working classes. The products of labor had always been very unequally divided, and it was the duty of every workman to use bis influence in getting this state of affairs remedied by co- operation. That was the third dinner of the society he bad had the pleasure of being present at, but at the present one he missed a face which had nearly always pre viously been among them. He alluded to Mr. Smythe, who he thought was a characteristic representative of his class. Three years ago be attended one of the society's dinners, at which he heard Mr. Mat tinson say that if he was returned for Par liament that session he would stick up for the eight hour principle, and try to get it legalised throughout the colony ; but he had failed to keep that promise. Regarding the tariff question, he thought a good many very important alterations could be made. At the present time there were large numbers of articles imported into the colony upon which duty had to be paid, hut which should be allowed to he passed freely; and on the other hand there were articles allowed to enter the colony without any duty being paid upon them which should contribute towards the revenue. The Government did not act fairly in allowing work to go out of the colony when there were so many un employed men knocking about in the capital and seaport towns. The manner in which the work of constructing the engines and boilers of the Governor Musgrave had been carried out showed that skilled labor was not wanting, Mr. W. Berry responded. There was no trade society in the world having such a large number of members on the roll as the engineer's, and he gave some figures to show the very flourishing condition of the union. Mr. W. Gross gave " The Port Adelaide •-Branch," and the Secretary (Mr. R. Simes) responded, quoting a few figures re lating to the condition of the Port branch. The income for the year, he stated, amounted to £194 17s. 5d., and the expenditure to £S2 4s. 7d. The latter sum was made up as follows Sick pay, £12; donations, £15 3s.; benevolent grants, £615s,; funeral expenses, £29; and working expenses, £19 6s. 7d. The year's transactions had left them abalanco to the- good of £112 12s, 10d., which, added to the balance in hand in March, 1883, made a total of £500 2s, lOd, Of this sum £130 had been forwarded- to England to assist other branches of the society which were not in such a flourishing finan cial position as their own, and the sum then in the bank was £3702s. 10d., or £5 Is, 5d, per methber. During the past twelve months the branch had received twelve new members and had lost two by death and several by clearances. The number then on the roll was seventy-three, of whom six were out of employment. He thought it was very bad policy on the part of the Government to send such large quantities of work out of the colony, and yet to entice workmen by means of emigration. The benefit to the country would be much greater if the Government would endeavor to keep those already in it employed by sending the Government work to local firms. Several other toasts, including " Our Guests," and " Town and Trade of Port Adelaide," were also proposed and honored, after which the proceedings, which had been enlivened by songs from several members, terminated. 