BROADBRIM'S NEW YORK LETTER. Tho bost laid plans Of mico and men aft gang agleo. New York is a. disappointed city—a very disappointed city. We have been grumbling for a week. For months past, in a quiet way, we havo been fixing ourselves for a celebration. Centennial celebrations had been going on all around us, and we began to think that it was about time to tako a hand in it. Yorktown had one ; Philadelphia had glorified Penn ; Baltimore had celebrated tho landing of Calvert; Newburg had a jolly blow out to celobrato tho disbandment of the army ; and wo thought if there ever was a point in our history that was worth celebra tion, it was when tho last Redcoat showed us tho full front of his back and sailed away across the briny sea ; wo had been fighting for eight long years ; our ships were rotting at the wharvoa, whilo British cruisers lay oil" of Sandy Hook watching like tigers for prey. It was not at all certain that they were going till thoy wont; and if ever a day deserved celebration it was 25th November, 1883. Fifty years ago it was a holiday almost equalling tho 4th of July. All the militia turned out and Revolutionary heroes, who wero not then scarce, were accorded seats of honor. The veterans of 1812 were thick as hop's, and through the Eastern States evory other man you mot was a captain or a colonel. But after the Moxican war it bogan to be neglected, and the events of the late war overshadowod evory other colobration ; but some of us old fogios began to think that it was about time to havo a revival, and quite a number of thousands of dollars were raised to give due effect to the holiday. The night of the 24th was ominous, and tho morning of the 25th confirmed the evil prognostic ; tho rain, cold and miserable, carao pouring down; the stroots wore sloppy and wet ; everything was soaking; no patriotism in tho world would withstand it; and, like Bob Acres's courage, it seemed to oo^e out of tho tips of their fingers. But whilo tho multitude wavered thore were men who weio made of sternorstufTjinenwhohadgonothronghfireand who were not to be frightened by water. Thore is not another city ill the country but would have abandoned all thoughts of a pro cession under such trying circumstances ; and it is safe to say that there has been no cele bration in this century which has called to gether a larger number of distinguished mon. Aside from the evacuation of New York by the British troops was the unveiling of tho statue of Washington on the identicalspot and on the identical shore where tho immortal Wasliington stood to make his inaugural ad dress. Notwithstanding all the drawbacks, tho celebration was a grand one, and tough old Ben Butler was as loudly cheered as any hero in tho celebration. He stood uncovered in tho rain, refusing tho shelter of an um brella ; and when other weak-kneed patriots lied to shelter, he kept his post till the last man of tho procession had passed. ' In connection with the celebration there was ohq circumstance which aroused con siderable ill-fooling, Mr. W. H. Vanderbilt, although a very rich man, is not considered by those who know him bost as a very wise mail or a very discreet man. He owns what is supposed to bo one of tho finest houses in tho city ; half the Bohemians in town have tried their hands at describing it; and itjs a very fine house ; but on Monday, as the pro cession passed, not a flag or a sign waved from window or roof, where the whole city was a sea of bunting. It looked as if the bloated bondholder was saying to himself, as he looked out on tho procession from his comfortable quarters, " Oh ! the public be ." I don't know that he said that, but it certainly looked like it. The burning of the old Windsor Theatre, on the Bowery, takes away one of the' bid tlicfitrioa] landmavkt! d£y.' 0n'tliat spot stood' tl'ie first* circijs that'New York ever had under a roof, and it was liorp thnt Levi North, tho great bareback rider ap peared, and tho wonderful Sands boys and iiundrods of othors whose names have a brilliant sawdust reputation. June Titus and Angevino, whose names were famous as circus men, forty or fifty years ago, were the lessees : and during their absoiwo on their summer tours the ring was covered over and it was rented as a theatre to whoever would tako it, but the patornage was poor, for tho old Bowery opposite monopolised the public, and well it might, for at that time it was pre sided over by Thomas Hainblir,, Onn of the handsomest men 3ml besi- actors that' ever {rod the American stage. • There, too, were thi beautiful Mrs, Shaw and Miss Missoura, a sister of Tony Pastor's, and one of the handsomest women in America. Lester Wal ack and his cousin, James Wallack, with John Gilbert und Charles Burk, tho brother of u!3 Joe Jefferson, were all members of the Bowery company. Plays were cast there as they never have been cast since, and' probably will not be iii the ■ present gen eration. There is a play bill still extant with' a cast of Juliu3 Ciesar, at the Bowery Theatre, which never lias, !\nd I doubt if it over can be equalled. Edwiq Porrest then in his zenith,'was the Brutus ; tho older Booth was the Casslus ; Thomas Hambliti was tho Marc Anthony ; Mrs. Shaw, the Portia, and the rest of the cast was made up of the best actor in the city. But I wander from my subject of the old Windsor, I was saying that opposito such' a theatre any rival stood but a poor chance ; yet it was' in tliat old circus that Barney Williams Vnade liis first appearance ; "his friends who helped'hiHr to give the exhibition, losing about forty dol lars—an immense sum to that impecunious crowd ; yet, though Barney went home with out his sunpor that night, he lived long enough to fwoumulatfl a quarter of u million, and died like a gL'imouian at his country seat, a few miles from Brooklyn. But I have been speak ing of ghosts. Scarcely one romains to toll the story—Leater Wallack at seventy, and John Gilbert at eighty, st ill tread the boards; but another decade and they, too, will have passed away and somebody else; thon Broad brim must write theirstoiy; "Yale; old friends, peace to their ashes and the ashes of the Windsor. The winter is here cold and chilly, God bless the poor! Yours truly Broadbrim. 