LOCAL AND GISXBUAL. Legislative Council. — The Council ill Mt again to-morrow afternoon at the sual hour; tbe following being the rder of business on the notice paper :— ills of Exchange, etc. Laws Codification ill.: consideration as amended; Codim Moth Bill, consideration ns amended; Mrs Meredith’s Pension Bill, Committee; {settled Land Bill, second reading; OuUlcuards Bill, second reading; Rabbits Destruction Amendment Bill, second .‘ailing ; Adjourned debate on the question proposed on Thursday last, “ Tlmim tho opinion of this Council it is desirable that a Joint Committee he appointed to consider and devise proposals defining the relations of the two Chambers of the Legislature iu regard to the passing of meusures which have received the assent of one Chamber, and thereby preserving the harmonious relations of the Legislative Council and the Housed Assembly; and that the number of members to serve i such Committee be six.” House of Assembly.—The Assembly will meet as usual nt 4 o’clock to-morrow afternoon, when the Committee on the Mining Companies Bill and Licensing Act Amendment Bill will be resumed. I t is not possible that the former will be concluded to-morrow, but by arrangement the 25th clause of the Licensing Bill will be considered at 9 o’clock, thus giving country members an opportunity' of being present. As <he“ clause in the Bill embraced, in effect, Local Option, nud as tho present Government desire to nullify the entire object of the section, by giving the Liecusing Bench ljower to endorse or refuse to grant the desires of the pell tiouers, at their discretion or whim, tho whole question of Local Option .will be reopened, and a stiff contest will be the result- Jt is generally supposed that the contest at the recent East Hobart Election has had much to do with the present Attorney-General’s change of front in this direction, and as Mr Bird said the other evening in the Assembly, these speedily end unexplained alterations certuinly do not show the Mbackbone” which Mr Douglas boastingly sta:ed he would imbue liis administration with. Owners of P cblichouwes.—To-morrow Mr Dobson will more iu the House of Assembly that the following clause be inserted in the LiceDsingAct Amendment Bill “ Where the holder of a license in respect of any premises (1) is convicted of an offence under the said Act in consequence whereof his license has been forfeited ; or (2) where such holder shall wilfully omit or shall neglect to apply for a license for the premises ; or (3) where such holder shall abandon the occupation of the said premises as his usual place of residence, there may 'he made, oy or on behalf of the owner of the premises, au application to any two Justices of the Peace in Potty Sessiona assembled for permission lo sell liquor on tho said premises until the next Quarterly Licencing Meeting, provided that if the event upon which such application limy be made happens within twenty dayB of the next Quarterly Licensing Meeting, then suck application as aforesaid may bo made for permission to sell liquor as aforesaid until tbe Quarterly Licensing Mooting next hut one to the period when the said event happened,—such permission may be granted accordingly, and the person obtaining such permission shall, until such Quarterly Meeting, he deemed to be the lawful bolder of a publiehousc license for such premises.” City P olice Court.—His Woishipthe Mayor and Mr Chos. H ri bottle, J.P., presided at the City Police Court this morning, when the following cases were disposed of '—Isabella Walts was fined 6s, with the alternative of seven days’ imprisonment, for having been drunk und disorderly in the streets ou Saturday night. Henry Gardiner, Arthur Jlardinge, Jas. Bryant, and Wm. Burgess, four young men, pleaded guilty to the charge of having disturbed the peace in the streets early on Sunday morning, and were each fined 10s fid, or 14 days in gaol, His Woiship expressing suiprise and sorrow at seeing defendants in their present position, and hoped that this cast would prove a warning to them. Legerdemain. - Professor Anderson’s entertainment was the cause nf :i !.v„. number of parsons visiting the Town Hall on Saturday cveuiug. The stylo in winch a handkerchief borrowed from one of the audience was spirited into a bottle, the iucxplicable manner in which a gold watch,' also borrowed, found its way iuto the innermost of a nest of boxes, the heterogeneous articles which were pro­ duced from a borrowed hat, th? production of bowls of water containing gold fish from the most unlikely placets, and other feats of legerdemain, made tbe first part of' the entertainment of absorbing interest to ..all who were present. The mental telegraphy, and the Indian basket trick, were the principal features of the second part, ana the}' sent the audience homo wondering how such extraordinary things could bo done by mortal mao, even with ^he assistance of Louise Maude Anderson. Confirmation at T rinity Church.— he Right Rev. Dr Sandford, Bishop of asmania, administered the rite of Oonk firmation to 20 female and 1G male candidates at Holy Trinity Church last evening, in the presence of a very largo congregation, the church being packed iu every part. The prayers were read by tho ’Rev. Geo. \V. Shoobridge (Incumbent); hud the lessons by the Revs. A. Martin and Canon Bailey. The preface to the Confirmation service was also read by the luttcr. Before the laying ou of bands His Lordship, ia a very minute manner, explained to the candidates the nature of the sacrament and the reasons why they should take upon tbemselres the responsibility of the vows and promises made by their Godfathers, and God ■ mothers at their baptisms. He also gave them several Scriptural reasons for the ordinance, at the same time giving the candidates fome cood advice and appealing to the congregation for their earnest prayers for those lo be confirmed. After this, the question set forth in the sendee was asked, each candidate, in response to their names, giring the requisite answer. Silent prayer for the candidates followed, after which hymn 347 (Ancient aud Modern), “ Come Holy Ghost Creator Blest” was sung. The Bishop then laid his hands on each candidate separately, the Divine blessing being invoked iu each instance, the congregation responding. The Bishop then again addressed the caudidates in suitable terms. Tbe service, which was a very impressive and solemn one, was concluded about 9 p.m. The hymns sung during the evening were appropriate, aud a special word of praise is due to the organist and choir, the former rendering the musical baton of the service in a very praiseworthy manner. Theatre Royal.— J ocrosse the Juggler ” was produced for the first time in Hobart at tbe Theatre Royal on Saturday evening, lo a large audience, with moderate, success. The character of Jocrissc, who turns out to be the father of Julie, was undertaken by Mr F. C. Mortyue, who was not seen to much advantage in the character, although he acted iu a painstaking manner. Some of is juggling tricks were very clever, aud uite electrified the audience. Mr J. L H all, as Tome Touraloulalou.the J uggler'i servant, kept the audience iu roars of laughter nearly all the evening. The character of Julie, daughter of the Juggler, was very ably portrayed by Miss Alice Mowbray; and Miss Meta Pelham made ou excellent Countess de Lespierre. Mr J. W. Sweeney as Count de Lespicrre did not please so well as in many of his other characters. Messrs Henry Hoytc. J. H. Irwin, and C Hameo, as Lc Yoruay, Adolph de Mercuo aud Fraucoise, respectively, took the parts allotcd to them in a salisfaetery manner. The performance concluded with a Musical Melange, in which Miss Nita Franks, Miss Jennie Nyt* for her “ Gallants of England,” aud Mr J \V. Sweeney, contributed songs and duets, which, were well received and Sabbath Desecration— Yesterday orning a number of young larrikins ere engaged having a set to with a pair of boxing gloves, in tbe garden opposite fct- Mary’s Cathedral, without any interference on the part of the Police or the parents of tbe youths. The encounter, of emirsr, attracted a crowd of people, and it scorns a pity that such conduct is allowed to he carried on, without the interference of the authorities. The'police would do well tn look out for cases of a similar nature on Sundays. Misapplied W ords.—We often find people who have not mustered the'meaning of tbe words, or able to properly understand even the simplest meaning of the English language, but from what Mr Howard Haywood says tln-re must be some strange folks, even iu fair Tasmania, for he informs us thut his dioramic entertainment lias been described as a (circus, a pantomime, punrohraniher, coucert, play, tea fight, etc, but tbe last, yet not least, of all names by which it has been culled, comes from the Rugged Tier (Pembroke), where a good lady, not blessed with an over abundance f education, confidently told her friend hat she was not going lo the “ Great Supper,” but intended to sec the diarrhoea. Whose diarrluce? *exclaimed the lady.” Why, Mr Haywood’s.” Roars of laughter followed, iu which the good lady joined. Lost in tiif. Busit.—Mr Howard Haywood, whose tour through Tusmauia lias .been matched with considerable interest by thousands of colonists, who wish liiin success iu his desire to become thoroughly acquainted with the colony, so that when in the “ Old World” lie will be able to give reliable information to all who desire it ot him, had an awkward adventure ou the night of Wednesday, September 3. I t seems that he was on his way to Woodland*, the property of Mr Aliunby, and got confused with the ninny trucks running through the bush to all parts of the Rugged Tier, and after a fruitless tramp of several hours, gave hiiuself up as lost, and seeing a large hollow tree, determined to make the best of things till daylight, so gathering together u good complement of scrub, he got into the aperture, pulling the scrub in lifter him, us a kind of protect iou against the wind and cold. The position was far from a comfortable one, as the hole in the tree was too small for sitting down, and not hif-h enough to stand up iu. This proved minute, ss it caused tbe scrub to make noise each time Mr Haywood moved, for, as luck would have it, M r Paul, a settler, passed by, who, thinking he heard a 'possum about, begun to throw stones into the tree, and brought forward a. rather strange 'no^sum, one which spoke the English language. A brirf interchange of words set matters right, and a walk of nearly three miles brought Mr Haywood's adventure to a pleasant termination. Had. the settler been out ’possum hunting with gun in hand, matters might have been somewhat complicated, but as it was, all passed off well, and gave Mr Haywood a little extra to add to his notes upon Tasmania. A Traveller’s Testimony.—Tasmania has found a most xcalous champion in an Indian clergyman, tho Rev. C. Cesary, who visited the island colony so roe lime ago (observes the Australasian) and is now publishing his impressions. He says: - 'You are aware that it is a proverb, 4To see Venice and die.' 3 would rather say see Tasmania in general, end Hobart in particular, and Jive to describe ih.m if von run. For Tamnnia is ihe atme de }a creme of all Ausirahuia, and Jloburt, its capital, posscssrs the most glorious sceneries in und out which can never be surpassed by any other spot. To have an adequate jiden {of the loveliness of its wooded bills and dales, ils harbour and rivers, its mountain nnd gardens,you must come and see it. Not only Hobart i» beautiful in its sceneries, but also its limate is most salubrious; it makes you eat and drink well, walk and sleep w ell; hence very properly Hobart is called the sanitarium of Australia, and Rardcn of the southern hemisphere. Other places are houses with gardens; hut Hobart is a garden with houses. E xecutive Council.—There was no sitting of the Executive Council this morning, there] not being any important business to transact. Q uarantine Arbangements.—An impression having gained ground that the repeal of the Stock Tor, if carried through the Council, would be rendered abortive, by the stringency of the quarantine arrangements, wo have made enquires, and find that such will not be tbe case. Imported cattle and. sheep for slaughtering purposes will in future be dealt with as they are now, namely, taken directly from the vessel^ to tho abattoirs, and there kept till killed, so that no quarantine ground will be found Born Under A Lucky' Star.- Wc are given to understand that a young gentleman—M r Claude H. Doughty at present acting as Private Secretary to Mr C. S. Agncw, of Waverly, Oatlands, (ou a nominal salary), lias just most unexpectedly come in for a private fortune of £1001) a year, by the death of n very distout relative in County Connaught, Ireland. Mr Doughty is an exceedingly genial and pleasant companion, and, being unmarried, will doubtless now become an object of intcuse interest to guileless mammas. In Chambers.—Ifis Honor Judg< ogers satin Chambers this morning,in he matter of the intestate* estate of enry Smith, late of Slaulcy, Circular ead, mariner, deceased. Mr E. Sargent ppeared in support of on application of he Curator io sell the real estate of the aid H enry Smith, and an order was made ccordingly. The case of Knight v. Ridocli. breach of contract, was also dealt ith, Mr A. Dobson appearing in support f asummons to slay proceedings,an agreeent having been entered into between he parlies to refer the matter to arbitra ion. Mr W. R. Giblin appeared on be alf of plaintiff, and after a lengthy rgument, His Honor made an order directing proceedings to be stayed, with a view of referring the agreement to referees, the terms to be stated by the Judge iu case of difference, ana the amount of tbe action lo be brought into Court, the costs of cause to abide the event, and costs of reference to bo at the discretion of the arbitrators. Banco Court.—There will be a sitting n Banco on Wednesday, in the Supreme onrt, commencing at 10 o'clock. Tlhc ollowing is the cause lis tR o g e rs and nother v. Brook, money payable, £27, r T. SUcehy for plaintiffs, and Messrs lHston and Feathcrstoue for defendant; immons and another w Brook, goods old and delivered, £22 8s, Messrs Gill nd Ball for plaintiffs, and Messrs lliston and Fcatherstone for defendant: ussell v. Dillon, money payable, use and occupation, £30, Messrs Dobson and Mitchell for plaintiff, and Messrs Wah-h aud Giblin for defendant; McAvister v. Wright, money lent, £14. Mr B. Sargent for plaintiff, and Messrs Clark and Simmons for defendant- Tn e W eather.—There is every appearance at present of the drought which existed early in tbe spring being fully compensated for by the rains which have recently set in. At midnight on Saturday, the rain, which ad fallen in slight showers during the vening, commenced to fall heavily, aud it has continued at intervals up to the time of our going to press. There has been a fall of snow on Mount Wellington, which has whitened not only its summit, hut well down the sides, more so indeed thau at any previous time during the season. Gardeners arc now crying out Hold, enough,” having had quite a sufficiency oi rain lately. ToruLATiON of Yictouia.—Wc have received from Sir Henry Heylyn Huy ter, the Victorian Government Statist, the quarterly abstract showing tho estimated population of that colony on the 30lU June, 18SI, The births and arrivals by sen during the quarter amounted to 21,314; and the deaths and departures bv sea amounted lo 17,078, leaving nn increase iu the population of 4119 mates and 2017 females, or a total increase of 0700\. This, added to the population ou the 31st March, U3S.937, makes the total population of Victoria, on the 30th June lust. 94-3.702. To these returns Mr Hay- ter appends the following note :—*• The apparent increase of population in the first half of ]S8t has been l lj'lfi, and as the estimated population on the 30th June wanted 54,207 of a million, the latter number should he reached in ruther less than two years, or a little before the middle of ISSfi. I t will be observed that the male population already exceeds half a million. The estimated population of New Soutli Wales on the 30th June, recently published.wasSOO.D:);}, tbeapparent increase since the beginning of the year bejng 20,223, A similar increase should bring the population of that colony up to a million by the middle of 1880. During the quarter ended 30tliJunc the excess of registered births over registered deaths was 3892, viz., 1938 males and 1954 females; that by excess of recorded arrivals by sea over recorded departures by aea wa* 287-1, viz.,2181 males and G93 females. The total increase of population was thus 0700, viz., -1119 males und 2617 females, as shown iu the table. This increase exceeded by 1193 that recorded in the corresponding quarter of the previous year, v iz, 5-573. It should be stated that, whilst it is probable nearly all the deaths and arrivals by sea are noted, there is reason lo behove that some births and departures by sea arc not recorded ; it. should, moreover, be borne iu mind that no attempt is made to take au account of persons who come and go overland.” A service of song, entitled** Eva,” will be given for the first time in Hobart in the Primitive Methodist Church, Collins street, to-morrow evening. By advertisement in another column, it will be seen that a public moetiug is called for 7-30 to-morrow evening, in the Mechanics’ Institute, to protest against the Protestant Standard being removed from the table of tbe Public Library. Cooley's 'B ub will leave the Glenorchy Lodge Room, at 5*30, returning after Die meeting. 