THE STAGE IRISHMAN. A Pbotest. - »' By Dttsannon. ' ' Then do me justice, treat, ine fair, I'll not be discontented ; Yet I'll not be scoffed at everywhere, But fairly represented.' Valentine Votjsden. The Btolid apathy with which the Irish people over the world havo witnessed with scarcely a protest this poworful machine for calumniating themselves and their race must excite tho surprise of all who know their proud and fiery nature. That the stago Irishman is an engine for tra ducing, as grossly as ctin woli bo imagined, the people ho is Gupposed to reprcsonti few will deny. It is a striking fact that whon tho Irish character is to bo repraoonted on the stage our faults aud failings alono are brought forward, and then in a ridiculously exaggerated form, while the ennobling and elevating traits are care fully kopt in abeyance ; except, indeed, whon a few are required to act as contrast in completing tho purpose of making the Irishman to the comedy what tho clown iB to the cir cus, or what the jesfcor was to tho baro nial hall of modiroval time3. There would not be such reason for protest if only what was ludicrous or low in the Irish charaotor as it is to day was ropresentodjj; but such is the thirsty desire for traducing the nation, that failings the bittor result of legalized ignovanee and blaek slavery of the past century are dragged from their dishonoured graves, to besmear the character of our countrymen to-day. That ignorance and its dark offspring are things of the past ; then why trail them boforo tho public to teach it that the proi^nb Irishman is what ho was whan general oducation wag penal, now that tho national newspaper ha? aroused him to his political rights ? How Australians must in wonder ask themselves as they sec groupo of intelligent immigrants stopping on their friendly shores. Where are thoso drunken idiotic bar barians wo are so accustomed to ate represented on the otage, blabbering brokon .TUngliuh and wieldiug the bludgeon of Donnybrook aa if cracking1 skulls was their favourite pastime and drunkenness their normal state ? Little won der they should bo disappointed on Beeing him who constitutes no longer a factor of Irish life, and whose ghost alono now treadB the stage to dis honour tho race he himself has ceased to curse or shatr e. Tho day is gone, and for ever, when Lover's blundering buffoon or Banim'a Poep o' Day boy represented the avorage Irishman. During the past twenty years giant Btrides have been made in the march of education aud intelligence. Within the past five the stimulus given by the Intermediate Education Aot, the Eoyal Univer sity, and, above all, the :sproad and teaching of tho Land League, with the Bpread of newspaper literature and incitement to read and study that oatne in its train, have advanced even tho poorest of the ..peasantry on the royal road of knowledge with a rapidity beyond belief. Yet these are the people the world is taught to look upon as a race of either cut-throat scoundrols or drivel ling idiots. Let me repeat it, the stage Irishman no longer as a reality exists : then away with the ghost of a dark and bittor past : lot him cease to delude the public and disgrace tho nation he misrepresents. Ib might bo objected — if you ocarch the remote bbgo or out-of-tho-way places ib would boponaiblo to find a prototype for tho present sta^e Irish man. For tho sake of argument lot ifc be granted ; but io that fossil oseopfcion fco bo made tho representative of a wholo nation by continually dragging him, and none hut Mm, forward and pur posely ignoring tho majority of hio more civilized countrymen ? Lob ug ooe how fchiu logio \7ill apply to other peoples. Evoryono ig aware of tho shocking revelations brought to light by the collieries' commicoion in the north of England. Humanity otood QghciDb at tho lives led by the unfortunate people con demned to earn a livelihood ia the pits. Human beingo born and bred in the fathomlosQ bovels of tho earth, with out scarcely ever inhaling a breath o£ pure air, or fooling the genial warmth of a ray oE sunshine. Men and women oemi-nude yolkod to trollies, and walking on all-fouro under the driver's lash like the lowest boasts. Again, vzho io nob ao quaintod with the stolid clownish figure of tho Cornish boor, without a spark of intelligence to brighten the listless otupidy o£ his dull counten ance ; yet what English audience -will tamely allow the representation of these people on tho stage to be made the mirror of their national life ? But these people have as veritable an existence as those the stage Irishman represents. Tho readers of Maoaulay can scaroely forget Mb glowing pictures of human degradation dur ing tho French revolution — how men mixed warm human blood with the wine they drank, und dis played tho oar or nose of a i'ollow- being in their capa as badges of viotory. Tho Commune of ?Soventy-ono afforded pictures scarcely leas shocking ; yet who v/ill dare to trail those rod- ahirted revolutionists as the typioal Frenchman ? Ib he not rather represented, ao tho moustachod gentlemnn, tho essence of politoneos, and tho reflection of courtesy ? But tho stage Irishman is far rarer in hio country than tho red shirts in Franco. To come noarer homo, what Australian v/ould like to see his countrymen re presented on a foreign stage aa a race of ' 'Ned Kellys' because a few such charactero esioted? The logic, that because such c character oxioto in very rare instances it is ju3fc to represent him, and nothing but him, ia unsound. That ho exists, I have granted ; yet after a Hfo extending over a quarter of a century among tho Irish pooplo, I honestly confoes I havo never soon an isolated in stanco of au original corresponding to many of the wretched cfu-icGburoa placod beforo the world on tho atago and labelled Irishman. The stage is national life in the concrete, and should reflect, not u,n out-of-tho-way oxcoption, but the life of the masses as it iB — its noblest phases. Iri?h history supplies fiolda as rich and varied as the art of poot or dramatist can desire, so rich that it requires bub little arb to produce from ib ..o^.';-;i .?;,:?? plays. the moBt heroic in their natura and elevating in their tendency. Iviah life as is it to-day, man fully struggling against oppression and loading the van of nations in rising against fcho degrading yolk of feudalism, teemo with material. If an author passes fchio material by and goeu to the shadowy past to solect matter for calumny, or can give tho world nothing but pictures of our national vicoo, eternal shame on the Irishman who oifco to applaud that, every line of whioh is an inonlt to himself and a calumny on his race. Were it not that tho subject involves ouch serious consequences, what Irishman can lioten to tho present stage pieces without laughing heartily at the ludiorous absurdity of thorn as pictures of national life? But tho clirnax of absurdity is reached when an 'h' dropping Cockney attemptB to aaaume the Irish accent, a taBk apparently oaoy to a foreigner, yet never accomplished with success but by him whoso oar is attuned from infancy and whoso tongue h practised in its soft and bland roll. It was lately my painful lot to witness an Irish play. Hoed I eay how filled with disgust I wao when I saw the slanderous and de grading characters aosumed by those who would presume to represent my countrymen ! Weary and sick of fcho stage, I yielded myself a willing captive to the claims of the orchestra, from whence wave after wave of Irish melody flowed, ' Sweet as tlio breath o£ angela' sighs, When angols' sighs are moat divine.' Enraptured memory floated on the stream of song, whose oilvor course norz wound through the green vales ,or swept by the ivy-clad monuments of a faded paofc with a soft murmuring sigh for tho glorieo gone, or with the husky nofcoa of the cataract cheered the valour of Irish arms. The Sad and plaintive wail of the ' Ooulin ' ' Sofrbintr like Eire with sorrow and love.' ' By the Feale'o Wave,' thronging the memory with pictureo of tho romantic Geraldinos' story, or the Celtic blood sent tinkling through tho veins with the stirring martial strains of ' Let Erin Remember,' wore sufficient fco hold spell bound the naoBt unpoetic soul, and arouse the admiring enthusiasm for tho nation from whose heart those waves of melody spontaneously flowed when crystallized by the touch of genius, and wedded to words that shall live for ever. My eyes were raised to the sfcago, and hero what a contrast ! A wrotch, scarcely a degree abovo a savage, represented those gifted sons of song. I naturally asked could any strangor be lieve that the race producing without effort those heavenly airs wao identical with that repre sented by that cut-throat savago ? What an incongruous absurdity is the playing of Irish music, and fche acting of Irish clowns ! One in a contradiction of the other, since every note of that refined and beautiful melody is a cry of shame on those who would represent fcho race who gave them birth as either ignorant or degraded. A spirit of intelligence, activity, and Jreodom is being felt to the utmost edges of the Irish race. The advancement to their proud natural position is going forward with lightning si rides. Tho spirit of liberty has breathed on the face of one people^ and oends the manhood bounding through their veins. The last cloudlet of slavery is pass ing from fehe skie3. Then it is time this miserable foasil of an accursed past should wither and die in the light of our growing freedom. H'o longer should the proud Celt of Erin allow himself to be represented ao the buffoon of nations. Let the Irishman be represented as he is, not as his calumniators would have him. It will take some time before Irish genius, that has made tho glori ous present new era, can give uo a literaturo worthy of itself, but inevitably it will come. Till then, howevor, let all insulting attempts to tra duce it on the stage be discountenanced. What self-debasement, what utter forgefcfulneso of sell respect and inborn pride in Irishmen, to sit and applaud representations which no one knovra better than they are at least behind fchoir time ! But that criminal folly is heightened and placed beyond excuse when they take their children, who had never an opportunity of judging the contrary for themselves, and teach them to despisa and sooff at the nation of their fathers. June 18, 1884. ? 