foftnj. Georgie Bolton is Suspended. Oh ! hymn the praises of the Press Wherever, all the wide earth o’er, , It seeks a grievance to redress, Or strikes at dark corruption’s core ; And bless the men who lend a hand To help to have the castle ended, And sweep its crew from off the land Where Georgie Bolton is suspended. Shall Otto ever call him back To pack the juries as before, To walk again the self-same track, Red with a guiltless peasant’s gore ; Shall dowered widows greet him glad When heaven and earth he has offended? No more he’ll be the white-haired lad, For Georgie Bolton is suspended. Or shall he go to Kgypt now, [.; When Dublin Castle kicks him o’er, o scrape together ninety thou. T*»To pay the debtors at iris door ? We’ll whisper not his crimes in Gath, For Casey’s tale has only tended To send him for a spell to Bath, And think on all he has suspended. Yes, one by one their names arc gone From off the Castle’s petted roll ; Accusing Spirits helped them on, And showed their deeds from pole to pole. One hated name there is tier less. Whose deeds bv Otto were defended ; He won’t defend him now 1 guess, For Georgie Holton is suspended. No more he’ll tell men stand aside Because they bear an honest name, No more he’ll glory in the pride Of jury-packing's dubious fame. Shall ghosts of strangled peasant’s haunt His mind until his days are ended ; Oh ! spirit, of Myles .Joyce avaunt ! For Georgie Bolton is suspended. No more lie’ll foam against the "League Whene’er he dons the wig and gown, Nor pick with “ Hot her.” his colleague, A trusty jury for the Grown, Nor see a prisoner in his cell And act his counsel well pretended. Oh ! naught of affidavits tell, For Georgie Bolton is suspended. ******* Stand by the man who nobly fought ’Gainst fearful odds, unequal tight, Shall he be left alone, who wrought In cause so good to spread the light. His name with Ireland’s greatest, men In country’s cause may well ho blended, Here’s to *' United Ireland” then, For Georgie Bolton is suspended. C.V.H. j\I:u'k:iy, October (’>, ]SS4. 