The Reminiscences of a War Correspondent. I have seen Napoleon III. at the piniiacle of his hollow splendour. From the German picquet line on 2nd August, 1870, I heard the distant cheering on the Spicherenberg that greeted him and the lad whom he had brought from Metz to receive that day his " baptism of fire." Again I saw him on the morning after Sedan, as the broken man — broken in power, in prestige, in health, in spirits — sat with Bismarck on the grass plot in front of the weaver's cottage on the Don- chery road. Next morning, I witnessed his departure into his Wilhelmsbohe captivity. I have seen him. doddering about Brighton, and strolling under the beech trees that encircle Chiselhurst Common. And for the last time of all I saw that stolid careworn face, as it lay on the raised pillow of the bier in the broad corridor of Camden Place, and when the face was no more visible I witnessed the coffin laid down in the little chapel among the Chislehurst elm trees. I knew the boy of the Empire when the shackles of the Empire had fallen from his limbs, and be was no longer a buckram creature, but a lively, natural lad. My acquaintance en dured into his manhood. When the twilight was falling on the rolling veldt of Zululand, and his day's work in the staff tent was done, he liked, as it seemed to me, to gossip with one who knew the other side of the picture, about the early days of the Franco- German war — a war that had wrought at once his ruin and his emancipation. And, finally, poor gallant lad, I saw dimly through tears the very last of him as he lav there dead on the blood-stained sward by the Ityotyosi River, with a calm, proud smile on his face, and his body pierced by count less assegai stabs. Men have called his death ignoble. Petty as was the quarrel, wretched as was the desertion that wrought his fate, I call him, rather, happy in the opportunity of his death. Had he lived, what of artificiality, what of hollow un reality, might there not have been in store for him. As it was, he had moved in the world a live ghost. Better than this, surely, to be a dead hero — to end the Napo leonic serio-comedy with his young face gallantly to his assailants, aud his life- blood 1 drawn by the cold steel ! - Archibald Forbes, in the English Illustrated Magazine. j 