CARE OF SICK PATIENTS. A writer in tho Boston TKA.VEI,LER gives, some practical hints in ministering to tho sick whioh aro worth heeding. To bo a good nurse rehuiros a raro combination of excellences in tho samo individual intelligence, physioal strength, a kind disposition with firmness, a light hand aud foot, courage groator than that whioh animatos tho soldior on the battle field, and, abovo all, untiring patience Given thoao, and the nurse booomos moro than half tho remedy ; not only inspiring confidonco on tho part of tho patient, but of tho Burgoon or physician also, who can rely that his inatruotions will bo carried out with' implioit obedience to tho letter. Such a paragon, however, is rarely to bo mot with, oxcept as an oniis sary from ono or another of thoso admirable insti tutions where ladies are trained undor skillful management for thia work; and in avast majority of oa8es an invalid ia placed in tho hands of his im mediate friends or relations, who, with tho best intentions, it must bo confessed, ofton projudicohis comfort and retard his recovery by the very over anxiety whioh ia brod of affection. The writer, after penning tho above, proceeds to onumorato a few small points which should bo avoided, as fonding greatly to the discomfort of tho patient, and for the guidance of those who, without previous oxporienco, find thomaelvoa suddenly thrust into this most raaponaiblo position. Quietude ia a great thing, of course, but real quietudo means tho absonco of all excitement, and it muat bo remembered that any thing ont of the common will tend to oxcito the mind of a sufferer. Do not, thoreforo, walk on tiptoe, for this, in addition to its unusual elaboration of the gait, invariably causes a oortain amount of croaking. Speak in low tones, but don't whisper. A whisper will often awako a Blooper who would not bo dis turbed by an ordinary conversation ; and never say " hush ! " Lot your clothes and foot covering bo of as noiseless and unobatruaivo a oharaotor aa poBBible, and instead of gliding and tottering about like a riokoty ghost, do not hesitato to walk. If you have oocasion to Fay anything in the room, say it so that the pationt can hoar it if ho wishes, and do not lot him bo aware of your conspiring privately with the others, oapocially at tho door. That door has much to anawor for. If it bo visible from tho bod, people open it cautiously, put their heads in, and Blowly withdraw again. If, aa ia moro frequently tho case, it ia screened by the bod-ourtaina, myateriouB openings and ahuttinga aro heard, unattended with any apparent ingress or ogroes. and sotto voce collo quies going on outside. "When you ontor, do so honestly and at once. Do not spond five minutoa in turning tho handle, like a housebreaker, thereby producing a series of irritating little dicks, finally terminating in a big snap, with which tho door flies open. If tho latoh bo at all rusty, a handle that is Blowly wound back in thia way will often stick, and either roquiro to bo rattled back in position, or, if loft as it is, may start back suddenly, after a time, of its own accord, with a report liko a pistol Bhot. While talking to him it is bettor to sit by the side of tho bod and aa near the pillow as possible, so that you may oonverso easily, while your face and body aro turned in tho samo direction as his. By thiB moans you oan make all necosBary observation of his features without enforcing the arrest of his oyes to your own, which is BO embarrassing and disagree able to one lying in bed, and is almost unavoidable when facing him. Keep him in as comfortable a posi tion as poBsiblo, by all means, but don't be too de monstrative in smoothing the pillows and little offices of that sort. Fidgety attentions will worry him and do him more harm than downright nogloot. i 