(¶T the Editor oltfhe Pentiy Poet.) 'DEta Sn,--As thllore appears to bo a gro6wing mis. impresion in the 'minds of -ol:ie of the mcmbors of the Church of England in Goulburn (opoecialy thoso who havre not long been resident amongst us) as to tho intention of'the building now approaohing completion and commonly" styled "St.: Saviour's Cathedral," you will be forwarding the truth and giving pleasuro to thoose who wvera wont to worshilp in the old Parish Church, .ulled dowd to make room for the new building, if you will give insertion.in siturday evroning's issue to thfi following extraot from the Order of the Officouned on laying the corner stonoe of St. Saviour's Cathedral Church, Goulburn, 6n Thursday, January 15th, 1874, at 1. o'ilock? by the Right ev. s. the Lord Bishop- of Goulbiern, aided by thie 'Hlon. Jolhn Campbell, Esq., M:L;C.; and the'tight Revs. tho:Lord Bishops of Nowcastle and B:thecrst and tlo, Very '15ev. the 'Dean of Goulburn:-. XTRACT. " - t The. Corner Stoneno will be laid in the accustoined manner,'.with the following declaration:-For as riiohi as.As nighty God nccepted the purpose of His s'rvanrts ,David :. and .Solomon.. to :'. build 'his fereipo at ,Jruealom, and nothing-doubting but that he favourably anlowoth this charitable design of ours to build a House to His Glory,'we, therefore, on behalf of His Church and people, lay' this Corner Stoneno of a Church to be the Parchiel Church of the city and the Cathedral Ohurch of the Diocese of Goulburn (and to bear the name of St. Saviour's Cathedral), to the honour and glory of the Holy, Eternal, and Undivided Trinity, the Father, 'the Soi)l, and the Holy GhostB-Ameon. All shall 'say And may,the Glorious liajisty of the Lord our God be upo'n us: Prosper?Thou. the o work. of our hands upn uls; O0! prusper Thounour handiwork. "-Sub scribers shall be .,here. invitcd::to' dedicatoe: their comhtributiomis to God, and to lay them on th'e stonoe. I am, dear sir, yours faithfully,' : ': ALFRED T: PUDDICOMBE, 'B.D SInceunbent of St. Saviour's Parochial Churcl; . GIoulburn, ?anroh 14th, 1881. .. : .. , • ?. .; - :? ? , ,, : ? '! , ? ?' ' : 