OFT OF EDEtt. A NOVEL, Ev DOHA P.U3SBLL, Author oC ""Xhe Vioir's OovaraeM," "Footpriatj llie Snow," " Crtcaud'a Vriuaw," &c.; Chaitek III.—A Sick Kites' When Mary Fletcher saw her brother re turning, she advanced eagerly to meet him. "I've been so ansious about you, Robert." sirs said. What did that woman man want?" "I'll tell you another time, Mary," answered Eobert, "Now I've got a favor to ask you—a very great favor," Mary's beautiful complexion flushed, and an uneasy look came over her face, " What is it V" she asked. " That poor girl, Florence Chester, is nearly mad with her grief," continued Robert. "She should have someone with her—some lady—Mary, will you go to please me?'' Ae<1 Robert took hold of his sister's band. " Why should I go?" said Mary. "Surely there are other people more lit—and she has her sister." "They are both very ill, Mary—I have seaa Florence—she was wandering about iu the garden fcaif cut of her mind, and that fool, young T hirlwell, tuck her for a ghost, and got a terrible fright. But Florence is really ill— too ill not to be watched." " Why does my lady not watch her then?" said Mary bitterly, "They say, Robert, that Lady Blunt is going to take these girls to live with her at the hall. Dr. Humphrey told some one that Lady Blunt ma sat to do this." '' Lady Blunt!" repeated Robert in surprise. " Yes, so they say—and they say aho that my lady killed Mr. Chester, or rather that she made him kill himself." "What felly, Mary,"said Robert, rather angrily." "Perhaps it is; but at ail events I would rather not go near them, Bobcrt." For a moment or two Robert was 3ilc-nt, and then he put his arm through his sister's, " You are prejudiced against Lady Blunt, Mary, he said: " all this is Eonsense ; she i3 I am sure moat kindly disposed to these poor fatherless girls, and she may, for anything I know, have offered them a homo. A-id as for her causing poor Chester to shoot himself— why, it's absurd, He must have been tern p warily insane." "People always say that, don't they, when a man prefers to face death to dishonor V "Mr»Iy:"said Robert, much annoyed, and ho dropped his sister's arm. For a moment or two they walked on to gether in silence, and then Mary after glanc ing at Robert's face, suddenly clasped his hand. "Forgive me Robert," she said, "I ani rude—yes, I have been rude—I should not have said what I did." " Woil, it was not kind, Molly," " I know—but I was vexed—Oh! Robert, I cannot tell you how vexed, about you going up to that woman at the hall to-night!" " But dear " "Don't have anything to do with her Robert," continued Mary with a passionate ring in her voice, " I cannot forget if you can—our mother!" "Nor do I forget her Mary," said Robert very gravely; "but Lady Blunt had nothing to do with our mother's wrongs—our poor mother wss dead—you knew this before Sir HeDry married Lady Blunt," Mary did not speak ; she was_ crying, and Robert laid his hand kindly ou her shoulder when he said this, "It is all so dreadful," 30bbed Mary, " Oh I Robert, oh! Robert, if you would but go away," " Go away ! Why ? Where do you want me go to, Mary ?" "ADy where—I don't care where it is—but cut of of the sight of Lady Blunt—out of the hesriDg of—" "My dear," said Robert a3 Mary paused, "I know all this—all the circumstances of our unfortunate position must be very painful to yen, but I cannot help it, I cannot go aw&y; Mary—I may as well tell you now, Lady Blunt sent for me tc- night to offer- ma what her husband left her in his will, a com mand to offer me " "What?"' exclaimed Mary, starting and looking up, "Sir Henry left a clause in his will request, ing Lady Blurt in the event of Mr. Chester's death, to offer me the agency of the pro perty," "A nice way of providing for you!" said Mary, with extraordinary bitterness. Robert shrugged his shoulders, but made no answer, " And you will take this ?" 3aid Mary, turn ing round indignantly and looking at her brother in the moonlight. "You—you, who ought to be master—will you take a paid servant's place ?" Robert still did not speak; he was biting his lips, and trying to control bis temper, " Surely you will not do this ?" continued Mary, " Go up there, see this woman every day ! Oil! Robert, you cannot! you can not!" "My dear," said Robert, "it is useless talking thus—I have accepted this position— i shall be glad of the income." " To marry Florence Chester! Is that it 2"r asked Mary passionately. "If she will have me, yes," answered Robert; and with a sort of cry Mary heard this announcement. "And this is so ?" she said, "I understand it all now," and bitter tear3 began pouring down her cheeks. " This is why I have asked you to go to her, Mary, do ycu understand now?" said Robert very gently, for he was sorry for his sister. "Yes, I understand," answered Mary with a choking sob. " I want you to be kind to her, to try to love her for my sake—she will be your sister I hope seme day Mary, and she is iiv bitter trouble just now." " Ob, very well, I will go," said Mavy sud denly. " Will ycu really my dear ?" It 13 very kind of you, " Oh no, not at all kind—I don't go out of kindness." "What do you go for then, you silly Molly?" " To plesse you of course—to conciliate my future sister," Robert laughed good-naturedly. He un derstood perhaps how Mary was a little jealous of him, caring for any one better than herself, "Very well then, thank you for going to please nr.c—and now how soon can you be I ready? In five minutes ?" '1 You're in hot haste." i " She is very ill, Mary," j "Ob, very well, in five minutes then." And Mary left her brother, and went into the cottage to make some slight preparations for leaving it. In less than five minutes she reappeared, and Robert's face brightened when ho saw her." "Well, you've not been long at any rate," he said, and as he spoke be took her bag out of her hand, and offered her his arm, and they immediately started to walk to West wood. For some little time they went on almost in silence. Then Robert said suddenly, "Who told you, Molly, that Lady Blunt had offered the Chesters a home?" For a moment Mary hesitated before she made any reply, and then she said, not quite in her usual tone of voice, " It was Dr. Humphrey himself. When I was waitiDg for you outside to-night he rode past, and I asked after the ChesterB, and ha told me." "Thenit is true," saidRobert. "Humphrey would not have told you unless it were. But he didn't tell you I'm sure that gossip about Lady Blunt having driven poor Chester to his rash act ?" "No, that was some servants' gossip," " I thought so, Poor Chester! It is a most melancholy thing." Again the brother and sister "walked ou together in silence after this brief conversa tion. And then, by-and-bye, the almost oppressive stillness of the scene around was broken by the sound of a horse's tread on the path behind them. Robert stopped to listen, and then turned round. "Here comes Humphrey himself," he said. "I know old Jenny's trot a mile off." It was Dr. Humphrey, mounted on his old mare, and presently he overtook Robert and Mary, and Robert felt Mary's arm twitch in his as the doctor addressed them— " Good evening," he said; "I am riding up to Weatwood again, for Thirwell has sent down an especial messenger to say that Florence Chester is worse." " She is very ill," said Robert, " and Mary here is going np to see if she can be of any use—sit up with her or anything." "lam sure you can be of use," said Dr. Humphrey, locking at Mary's lovely profile in the moonlight, winch, however, was turned aw&y; from him, for Mary had never looked at or spoken to the doctor since ho joined them. Still Mary did not speak; and after a moment's pause the doctor continued— "She ought to have some one with her, for Bessie is no use, and Thirlwell wrote me a lice to say she had got out into the garden, and was wandering about like a mad woman. The poor girl is, in fact, utterly upset—she'll have a touch of braia fever, I expect—yes, Miss Fletcher, I aai very glad I have got such a good nur3Q for her." Again the doctor bent slightly forward so as once more to catch a glimpse of Mary's beautiful face. The beautiful face grew suddenly crimson as he did so; then coldly, almost harshly, Mary-spoke, "Why doosp't[my lady jHU'se her T'a lady-patroness of the neighborhood!" "That speech is unworthy of Miss Fletcher," said Dr. Humphrey. Mary bit her lips. "Mr. Cheater's death has been a bitter grief to Lady Blunt," went on the doctor; "naturally a bitter grief, and she does not even mow that Florence is so ill; in fact, I wish to spare her this knowledge as long as I can. I do not wish Lady Blunt to see them at all at present—not until time has softened this sudden blow to them—for it would not make their future relationship easier if they met just now." " No, the truth is spoken in moments of strong emotion," said Mary, "and rarely spoken except then." It was now Dr. Humphrey's turn to bite his lips, but he bit them to suppress a sigh. He had a very grave, almost stern face this doctor, with large features, and dark, pene trating eyes. A man between forty and thirty-five, a reader, a scholar, and an author of certain well-known medical books, he might have taken his place in a far wider world than the small one lying in the scat tered villages among which he toiled, But he lived on near Weirmere; lived on with his old mother, and seemed likely to remain a bachelor to the end of his days. He had a large practice in its way, and would ride (musing as he rode) over hill and dale any hour of the day. People said he was a philosopher, but ho was in truth only a sombre, thonghtful man, " Do you think they will go to Lady Blunt, then 2" asked Robert anxiously. " I think it will be the best thing, the very best thing they can do," answered Dr. Humphrey. '' She will give them a home and a position they could not have elsewhere— and for their father's sake I think they should go—I shall urge them to go." " Why for their father's sake 2" said Mary, quickly. "To stop idle tonguis, Mias Fletcher," replied the doctor. "But," said Robert, with some hesitation, " it might be unpleasant to them—might oe trying—don't you think so, Humphrey 2" "I shall advise them to go," repeated the doctor. " Not just yet, of course—no change can be made yet—but in a little while I skill certainly advise them to accept Lady Blum's offer." (To be continued.) 