!A FFIRA SHIRE IIANDICAP. (BY BANQUO's OHOST). RUN FRIDAY, 28TH MARCH. For a stake to consist of a stall in the Council's stable, and eventually the right of occupying the Presidential loose box. For all ages, to be nominated by ten members of the club. Distance, from Bundalaguah to Newry, and from thence to Maffra. Messrs Medico and Co.'s f c Boiardo, 35 yrs, 12st 0lbs (Good Humour)... 1 Messrs Morison, Auctioneer and Co.'s sh Lowlander, 40 yrs, 10st (Dull Care) ... ...... ... ... O Betting: Even and 6 to 4 on Low lander. A splendid start was effected at Bunda laguah, and the pair kept well together till reaching Newry. Here the old horse baulked at the weirs, just as he was en deavouring to make the pace merry. The old man's son, who knows the ground, was there, and greatly assisted Boiardo by standing near the sound track, and be fore he was out of sight the Mewburn Park colt had gained a clear lead of nine lengths. The pair came down the Newry road at a terrific pace, and Boiardo, pull ing double, still further increased his lead. Lowlander, who was badly ridden by Dull Care, was soon seen to be in difficulties, and was completely thrown out of his stride endeavouring to catch the leader whilst crossing the " blue ribbon" ground. Boiardo was seen to get excited passing this spot, and on !eaving completely over powered his rider, who, however, steering him well, kept him on the right track, and the game son of Energy won hard held by about 61 lengths. Lowlander was distanced, and the judge refused to place him. Time, 7 hours. The result of the above event is as I predicted, albeit I did not think the ILewburn Park colt could stay long enough to win so easily. Lowlander appeared to have lost form during the last few morn ings, looking as if had done too much work. The gallop his trainer gave him round the Spectator course did not do him any good, and was a great error of judgment. Sandy ought to have known better. Another mistake made by that stable was turning their nomination loose on the Newry track. I hear that he in jured his fetlocks very badly up there, and did not like the going. Again, he was kept on cold water too long, and not being used to it, lest flesh too rapidly. To crown all this the best jockey they could get for him was Dull Care, not at all a good man for a race of this sort, as borne out by his riding on Friday. But in spite of all this the stable were very confident, 2 to 1 on their horse being freely offered, which, however, dwindled down to 6 to 4 soon afterthestart. Onthecontrary Boiardowas in splendid fettle, though a trifle on the big side, and having secured the services of that excellent horseman Good Humour, his supporters became very confident of his landing the stake. This confidence so increased that about four hours after the start odds were offered on the Mewburn colt, without find ing takers. He fully justified the trust reposed in him by the way he won. After the judge had given his decision Good Humour took Boiardo for a little flutter, finally taking the Metropolitan liquid jump. Dull Care could not dis mount from Lowlander, so he trotted the old horse home, refusing to go for the Consolation Stakes at Knox's. The stable have given up all hopes of scoring a win with Lowlander, and he will be turned out. Sandy says that after Friday he will not persevere with the Auctioneer colt, and in fact will give up training for such handicaps. He will for all that be pleased to take in any colts fmr the " blue ribbon" events. Boiardo shaped so well that I would not be surprised to see him put into train ing for the Parliamentary Champion Race. He will need a bit of coaching yet as he does not seem to care to gallop before the crowd. 