Optical Illusions. WnEN tho eye is deceived and a person misled by things Booming to be what thoy aro not, ii is spoken of as an ' optical illusion.' Thi familiar expression that ' seeing is bolieving 1 implios that moat peoplo trust to thoir eye moro than to thoir own senses. 'I havo seen it with my own eyes ' is looked upnn as an indisputable, a convincing argument, althougl' cv.c ii WW UOUOHIlg xuomnsas who would add tho testimony of tho eonse of feel ing to that of sight beloro admitting thut » thing is actually so. Tho facts in tlio caso aro that any ono ol our sonses may mislead us, and will do so un less wo unite caution with experience. An sophists use logic to provo the false true, so tho ventriloquist by tho exerciBO of his art deceives the ear, and tho sleight-of-hand por foimer cheats your eyes. How is thin pos sible ? Cortain rays of light coming from a distant body enter tho eye, and produco certain son sations upon tho rotina, which sensations are roported to tho brain through tlio optic nerve. Tho brain interprets tho signals by tho aid of past experience, and wo think wo havosecn tho distant objeet. In fact, wo havo only ro coived a message from it. If tho telegraphic operator in Washington strikes his key twice, the Now York oporator writos down O, but il ho strikes it three times tho latter writoB down S, unless ho fails to hear tho third tick, or thinks ho liaa heard but two, when ho is lod into tho mistake of writing O wlioro ho should writo S. Tlio signals, whon correctly given, may bo interpreted correctly or incorrectly. So tlio signals corrootly registered on tho retina aud roported to tho brain may bo in correctly translated and interpreted, thus resulting in an error, an illusion. . l'laco a man and a dog sido by sido at a distance of 20 feet, and any person with an oye capablo of distinguishing them will be able to tell which is on the right, which on the left. Tho eye is not easily deceived as to position at right angles to tho lino of vision. Lot tho man advance fivo feet ; it is easy to tell that tho dog is farther away than tho man. Next, place tho man at a distance of 100 feet, tho dog at 105 feot ; it is not so easily decided aB boforo, although mistakes aro rare with a normal o^e. But at 500 and 000 feot, respectively, it in less easy, although wo can still tell whioh is to tho right and whioh to tho loft. Tho images formed on tho retina by tho samo objoot at different dis tances are very similar, differing only in size and diBtinotnoss. For this roason it is difficult to judge of distances, requiring much praotico. A person standing on a straight strip of railroad is rarely able to tell whether a distant train is approaching, or receding, or at roBt, so slight is tho oliange in apparent sizo from which tho distance is to bo esti mated. Upon the soa ? it is very difficult, without long practice, to judgo of distances. As a curious iiiBtanoo of inability to judgo of distances, and henco of tho dircotion of horizontal motion, may bo mentioned that of the governor of a steam ongine. At a certain distance (say 50 feet) the eyo will seem to Bee the balls turning in a cortain direction, but on noxt looking at them this motion seems to havo changed to tho revorse, and after Boveral alternations tho mind be comes perplexed, and finally ia able to see them turning either way. An outlino drawing of a oube may bo mado to look liko tho interior or exterior at will at a considerablo distance : tho real oubo can bo made to do tho Bame. Shading, perspective, Ac., aro resorted to by the artist to give the idea of distance. In the matter of direction deception is not so easy as in distance. Our exporience tells us that if a person hits us in tho baok with a ball he is probably behind, not in front of us. The object seen lies in the samo direction as that from which tho light comes when it enters tho eye. If by any means the direc tion of the ray has been changed between the time when it left tho objeot and tho time when it reached the eye, this rule is violated, and deception results. When this change is effected by tho reflection it is attended with more or less loss of light, sometimes with distortion, and a littlo exporience leads me ono to suspect a reflecting surface. If tho mirror is very perfect, the most careful person is liable to be misled. The well- known ' ghost ' is duo to tho refleotion of a strongly lighted figure from a plato of unsilverod glass. Many of the best tricks, with floating heads and the like, are arranged with mirrors. No illusions aro moro perfect than those produced with mirrors. Effraction always changes the apparent place of an objeot, so that wo seem to see tho sun aftor it has gone below the horizon. A moro striking tut lessfrequentphenomenon of refraction is that known as mirage. Ee fraction also affects the color of an objeot. The media through which light passes has moro or less effect upon the ray. In a fog objeots are dimly Been, the effect resembling that duo to distanoe, hence objects look larger, for tho eye judges of the size of an objeot by multiplying the size of the image or impression received by tho square of tho dis tance^ whilo the latter is estimated from the indistinctness of tho object. In the fog the apparent distanoe is inoreased, but tho eyo interprets it as due to the opposite oauBe. On looking at tho photograph of a tree, a church, a monument, or a pyramid, it is not possible to form a correct idea of its size un less a man or animal ia Been in the same view with whioh to oompare it. In nature, especially on land, tho intervening objeots that lead up to it givo the data on whioh to calculate the distance. Where nono inter vene, as in looking from peak to peak, tlio eye must depond on distinctness, and whore the air is very clear and transparent, as in Colorado, distances seem less than they aro. If tho object is seen through transparent, but colored, media, the form remains true, but tho colors aro ohanged. On looking direotly at the loop or curve of an inoandescentlomp it is frequently difficult to distinguish its form, tho whole loop being radiant and dazzlin', while its reflection is so much less brilliant that the form of the oar bon is easily discovered. A wire or bar of iron looks muoh larger when rod hot than when oold for the same reason, and a fire at night seems nearer, owing to itB bright ness, than in the day. No better proof is needed of tho fact that the oyo does not and cannot measure dis tance, but only gives more or less imperfect data from which the mind calculates the dis tance, than the child's efforts to grasp the moon, and of the dog that bays at that dis tant luminary whioh looks bo near ; nor oan any of us, with our naked eye, estimate the relative distances of the sun and stars. The shape and color of an object are all that the eye alone can report with tolerable acouraey, but by experience we learn to dis tinguish the texture of substance, the nature of services, and many other things that belong more properly to tho sense of touch. We distinguish satin from velvot and wool from cotton at a glance. Tho painter's art largely consists in deceiving the eye ; in so mixing aud blending hiB pigmenta that they produce the Bame impression as stone and wood, or earth and trees, or flesh and blood would do, and the greater his skill, tho more perfeet the deception. Tho imitation is rarely so perfect aa to deceive the experienced, and yet the pleasure derived from the imitation excecds that given by the reality, just as misery and and suffering, when well depicted on the stage, give pleusure, but tho sight of tho reality gives pain. In many things tho mind enjoys being de ceived, and optical illusions give us pleasure, so muoh so that those who aro capablo ol completely deoeiving this the acutest of our senses get well paid for oxcroiaing their talents. H. 