liipili [?] Never before had Ben from mental ele ment passed a ,bljeple5Ur0ugB multi- smSttt white enemies ; from the bear, tn v eaake ; from fif0#ondhi? ' fiieep fie slept "d S his romeauUro But ft »- Tho recollection of the t«e "huh 'jed cou fronted his own at the restaurant haunted him, broke hie sleep into fitful a" filled these unrefreabieg enatebea wnn terri ble dreams, let. when ihe bnght ruormng came, he persuaded himself that ne muet have been mietaken— tbat he had some chance resemblance m.u the identity of hie dead partner. Ben's reflections touched upon what was growing ioto another dreadful form excitement, begun to fes ttm» ke had not seen the rnaa at all, that it was mere. y a , iii'1 tirioii. a vision ol tht brain. Anu moh a fitlusicD should taka the form of ttuo e Steele was not surprising, bearing in the fact, which was never long uosent irom his thoughts, tbat he had given this man a blow which, if it had no!, as he formerly sup posed, caused the roan's death, must have nearly done so. No doubt the blow was struck in self-defence ; but even muruer in self-defence in not a thing whiqh a man can in his cairner momenJs- recall without some sense os remorce. Ha was early at the- hotel, and, taking his regular seat, waited with a nervous anxiety, such as he had rai\iy experienced before, the appearance of the stiacger. He had not to wait. Almost &e; soon se be was seated a figure entered the saloon which tnerc was no mistaking, and all Ben's consolatory theories as to a casual resemblance deceiving him fled on the instant. The stoop of the long body and neck, the oraft-y glance the man threw around on entering, his -very step — these were all Kube Steele's ; and, to the dismay of Ben, tha new-corner evidently glanced tound the saloon in search of him, for the moment he saw him his face lighted up with a s i:ile and he came to the table. ' Glad to eee you again/ said he. extending a hand which a horrible fascination compelled Ben to ec-ize and shake ; but the familiarity of tbe touch was more horrible still. He felt — he knew for a certainty — ho had touched that hand a thousand times. IthouEht. nrebos you made this your re gular dining lcciticu.' continued ibe other; and I have kinder taken a fancy vo you.' In-deei !' gasp.d Ben, wondering as to what would come rest. ' Yes, I lave; that is so,' replied the stranger. ' I reckon yon have net been located ia this city very long ?' ' Not very long,' said Beu, who had not once removed his eyes from the other's face ; I came from tbe West — from the mining country.' ' Possible !' ejaculated the stranger. Wal, now, I take a great interest in the mining countries, and like to hear teli of them. Were you from Californy, or Nevady, or ' ' From Colorado/ gasped Ben, who almost began to fancy that he was losing his senses, so certain was he th&t; the man was Rube, and yet so inconsistent' with this belief was the whole of his conversation, especially his likiDg for Ben, and his anxiety to hear of the minee. When they separated, it was with another shake of the hand, and a strongly expressed hope on the part of the stranger tbat they might meet again the next day. Either the critter is a ghost,' thought Ben — and in that case there are ghosts — or I am going crazy ; or he is Rube Steele ; and I know that is impossible. I won t go to this hotel any more ; and soon as wo get married, Ruth aod I will live out of the city, and that is a comfort.' Fortified by this reflection, he was able to bear np somewhat better on this day, and to accept Mr. Sbowie's invitation with a calmer mind. He arrived early at the merchant's house. Ruth came in soon afterwards, and ho was pleased to eee that she, too, looked more cheerful. Ruth had relieved her mind, as she confessed to Ben, by telling him her trouble ; and, now he knew it, she felt that the worse was over. It was to avoid her half-brother, she owned, that she had wished Ben to live ao far from town, and as he had now really arrived, he was glad tfcey had agreed upon this precaution. They were oon versing cheerfully enough, when a knock was heard at the outer door, aod Mr. Showle, rising, exclaimed : There is Morede ! I know his knock. Indeed, he takes care we shall hear him. I am sureycu will like him, Creeioek, and he is very anxious to see you. — Ah ! Mr. Morede, you are punc tual, then ! Gome in, and let me introduce you to our friend Creeioek.' Saying this, he shook h&uds; with the new arrival, and led him to where Ben was standing. I think/ said Mr. Morede, as he took Ben's hand wilh a smile, 4 1 am not entirely a stranger to Mr. Creeioek. I have had the pleasure of dining with him more than once at the Ocean House.' Yes, he had ; of course he had. Of course he was cot a stranger to Ben — far from it, and Ban knew it well ; for here was his mys terious companion at diuncr, the new partner in Shcwle and Bynnes, and Ruth's half- brother, all turning out to be not only one and the same person, but were alsp each and every one Rube Steele, hie treacherous partner, whom he had left tor dead in Colorado! And wby did he not recognise Ben, as Ben had recognised him ? Of all the strange features in this bewildering matter, this was the straugest. Ben shook hands, no an automaton might have done; aud spoke as though iu a trance - the odd tone and character of hie replies, and his faxed stare, evidently attracting t&e; notice of Buth and Mt« Showle . ' Gome, Creslock I' cried the latter presently ; 4 you are not yourself to-night. Wnere are your mining stories and your prams adventures ? I have been praising you all the time to our friend Morede here as a sort of live volume of entertainment on tbeBe matters, and you arc not saying & word about them.' - Mr. Showle is entirely right ; ke is so/ ! A. sdmethiu' abohjtJMie wertenx minTe, I;<Uways db .like to bear tell of them/ 4 Do you t exclaimed Ben, rousing himself in a species pf desperation, and resolving to ' bring this horrible torture to a finish. Shall I tell yon an adventure of my own?' 1 Just so/ returned Morede, with a pleased smile. ' I should like it above all things/ 4 Then/ eaid Ben— and' his answering smile was of a jEcmewhat grimmer character, in spite of himself, than Morede's had been — 'then I will teil y&u; how my pardner at the mines introduced a stranger, who robbed me of fifteen hundred dollars. This stranger came, I should tell you, with information about Indians on the war-path who were likely to-be around our camp. But it was an arranged plot. He was a mean cues, this stranger ; be or hie friends robbed the placers aod broke the stamp-milL It was eithek him or my parunur thai shot at mo from a gully ; and the bullet went through my hat and cut away_ some cf s-v hah. That was net the ouiy tioi'3 my pardner got his desperadoes to eboot at oie ; eo i wiil tell ycu abviit him.' Thereupon, suaiu.st-rd by the ceBparate impulse we have alluded to, L'er. proceeded to relate a pare cf tb=? plut which i &d; been dvisid for Ida ruin by his crafiy parser; too incidents aSUDdcuit on wu:ch greatly excited, and eomc-ttmes almost appalled his bearers, none among whom !is;eced with mere palpable Interest than did Mr. Mcrede. Ben told all, up to the action cf the Vigilantes, btit could not bring himself to Epeak of the final scene at the pcoi ; there was something too horrible in idea of pescribk-g that to his listeners. When Ben had fin:sbsd, wliich he did Uy saying What go you think of Liat, Mr. Moiede?" and, looking bis new partner straight in the face, the latter exclaimed, in what ec-emed the moet genuine manner possible: 'First-rate, Mr. Crealock ! I admire jgu. I eee ycu have the real grit ; and I wish I had been there to help you in such a fix. But, to my thinking, your partner was tbe worn of the two.' He was,' said Ben, drily. AmT he ought to have had bis reward,' continued Morede. ' He had it/ said Ben, with increased dry ness. 4 Good ! Good ! cried Morede ; and other ccmtncnte being made, the conversation became general. Morede bure his part ail through the evening vrithr.uc a single a/usicn v.hieh could induce Ben to t-uppese be baa the Higbiest icmeajbrance c£ bim, or had ever before heard a tyllable relating to the dangerous s'ls.nger or the rc-bccries. When they parted foi the night, too, he was par ticularly demons" rarive iu his friend iiness to Creelcck, making quite a ' smart oration/ as Mr. Showle afterwards remarked, on the agreeable evening he bad passed, and tbe pleasure it would give him to be associated in business, and, as' he hoped, in stili closer relationship wilh a man whom he admired and liked so muoh at first sight as he did Mr, Creeioek. Ben went home after this speech in doubt as to whether- it was himself or every one around him that was going mad. Day after day passed, and the new partners in tbe firm met frequently, with no diminu tion in the friendship which Mr. Morede had from the first professed for Ben. They did not meet at the hotel, however ; the strain on Ben'e nerves was bad enough when they met as part of a group. A tete-a-tete was more than he could stand with a man whom he be lieved to have killed, bat who was cow walk ing about as unconcernedly as though he had never been stretched by the side of that Colorado pool. So oenfounded had Ben been by tbe apparl tion, that he had never thought of askirg tbe Christian name of Mr. Morede, and it came upon him as a new shock when he re ceived a note from the warehouse on some business matters signed Reubtn Morede,' while he could have sworn to tbe handwriting in & court of justice. This did not increase his certainty, for it could admit cf no in crease ; he was certain, and c uld . not go beyond that ; but it seemed to make the posi tion more dreadful and complicated. Now and then, too, he would find, if he turned quickly round, Mr. Moiede gazing fixedly upen him — an earnest gaze, as though be was striving to recall something to his memory ; and this was not agiesable to Creeioek. He &>sked Ruth, as guardedly as possible, about her brother's past oareer : but she knew nothing of it since he had left home. He had gone West, she knew; but ho would not now utter a syllable in explanation, or even ssy how he had been employed. 3en could not press her very much upon the sub jeefc, as it was evidently a painful one. His departure from home had been caused by some disgraceful, possibly f&al; broil — that was clear ; so Beu forbode to question her. The day of his wedding drew nigh. Ruth had left her school ; their home was so far advanced iu its improvements that it would be quite ready by the - time they returned from their trip; and then - to aid still greater pleasure and 6olat to the festivities— tbe gallant, energetic old gentleman, Mr. Bynnes, paid a short visit to Cincinnati. Like the restless Yankee he was. he bad already sold his new estate at a very considerable profit ; bg was now, at seventy years of age, locking oat for some fresh investment for his dollars, and employment for his time. He had seen Ben before leaving Cincinnati, and appeared to like him then ; and seeing him a little raore at leisure now, he liked him more. The bluff, straightforward, perhaps rough, manner which Creeioek ecu Id never shake off, seemed to please the old man mightily, and he was never so happy as when in his com pany. Ben. with his nightmare always op pressing him, had asked a little about Reuben Morede. who he know was a connection of Mr. Bynnes. But the latter was not com municative about the new partner, although there was a tantalising hesitation in his manner, which made Ben think he oould ft tele unfold, did he choose. Well, the wedding-day came, and the simple ceremony performed 1 in Mr. Showle' drawingroom made Ben and Ruth man and wife. Then name what answers to the I wedding breakfast of the Briti her, and this | was on a. scale, for variety ana ofrplay to?0' h® old country on its mettle, although mmt '-nhn im only given by an American After the first part of the feast was ovjf Mr" Bjnnes got Bki by iiirtfelj ;i upon having a final glass of champagne with W.f'. \LkS y? hjveAotvju.t the best wife in the States,' said the old gentleman 4 and you are the kind of man to make & good husband, I ean see. I feel as glad to see little Bath Aiken happily sett'ed as if she was a gal of my own -I 'do. After all these years, too, to think her brother is going to clear up and quit his tricks J I always liked the boy ; but he has had some real bad ways. You asked' me about him you know,' ' ' Yes, I did,' said Bsn. 4Wal, I did not like to let: out agen him ' pursued Mr. Bynnee ; but it can't do harm now anyway, that I can see. He has been mining in Colorado, and has been up to fotm queer tiicas there. He was nigh kiiled by his partner — he was ; rhat is so ' ' Nearly killed V echoed Ben, 4 Ah, most oncommou nigh !' said Mr. Bynnee. Also he was nigh upon lynched by the Vigilantes. His partner found out that he was— rtube was, I mean— playing him false, planning to rob and perhaps murder him ; so it is supposed from the mark on his head that he hit him down with some blunt instrument, possibly a club, and left. him for dead at the mine. He was found lying by some of the miners, who carried him to Flume City, and I heard all about it from the doc u who attended hiai. It is a real extra >iJinary» case. He recovered, as you see ; bu. h.s memory from a certain time has entirely one. ELs boyish days he remembers quitj lyeiS, but. doe3 not appear to have the least that he ever went to the tniaes ar was r.v-- r injured. We hiV3 tried him in every way, ous hi mind is a perfect blank. Strange, ii it nor; ?' ' Vety strange ' assented B-tm, who, we need hardly say, was ihtenlog with bcaatukss interest. His fcraia is injured, an doubt,' continued the elder ; ' for his skull was fractured. The doctor eays it is to be hoped that he will never recover his memory, for if he does he will probably go mad and do some more mischief before iie dies. It is a etrauge case. Hera w? are ; just having a friendly drink at parting,' This was in reply to one cr two of the party who came to interrupt the lengthened gossip, and the conference waa broken up. Often, during his eastern trip, did Ben re:ur to the strange story ha had heard, and often d d he debate with himself whether or not he should tell his wife what he bad learned ; but he thought h better, on the whole, to be silent. Tr was with a great feelio -f relief, however, that be frund. upon his icf :rn To C.ncinai;i, .hat Mo rede ah-eio. having jus; lrf _ tj acj-omp.iuy "r Uyrnf iu his inspection of a pop-rfcy m Colorado. In about a week after thi3 time, Mr. Showic received a letter from \'r. Bynces announcing the almost sudden death of Morede 1 And we had a bad time with him,' said the writer. ' Perhaps it was because we came to Colorado that he ail at once got back his mind ; but, whatever it was, he woke cue mcraiag like a fiend or a wild Indian. He raved about the mines, talked of hcrrible things he had done, said the fellowe here would tremble even now at Bube Steele's name ; and we have found out that he, or someone like him, was knowu in these parts as Bube Steele a year or two back. Tell Mr. Creelock that he was frantic against him. He was sensible enough in other things, but he was always calling for his pistol, and vowed that be would shoot Ben Creelock on sight ! Told me that Ben was the man who had broken his skull and had srt the Vigilantes on his friends. I tell you, Abel Showie, it was real frightful, and we were all glad when he died ; though my hr art ached for him, when I recollected the hrihr, clover boy he wa? ; his mother's ODly ?or.. to>. Bat he is gone now; and, bad as ho may have been, 1 don't think we will toll Bath ef his later life, as he had caused her a deal of misery, and she don't need to think any wcr&e; of him.' The kindly, shrewd old merchant's advice was followed, ana Buth Creelocb, although she did not feign passionate grief for the half- brother who bad so injured all who ought to have been dear to him, yet spoke of him with a softened feeling, wbioh must have been changed had she known of the deadly enmity which once existed between the dead man and her hueband. — Chambers s Journal. 