DISTRICT AUSTRALIAN NATIVES' ASSOCIATION. As association has been formed in Beecn- wortli — to consist only of young men born in these colonies and persons who came to Australia in such early infancy as to have been incapable of forming im pressions in refereuce to the land of their birth. The objects are to meet periodi cally for the interchange of opinions oa social matters, on science, art and litera ture, or indeed ou all subjects outside pure politics, and occasional conver saziones and pleasant gatherings of mem bers and their friends. The exception with regard to politics is wisely insisted on by the rules ; but, as a matter of course, it is sought in some quarters to at tribute political objects to !ho association. This idea has possibly been suggested by the presence of our worthy member, Mr Billson, at the preliminary me ting. This would have been quite She same, had Mr Kerferd, instead of Mr Billson, heen there. Otherwise, there was really nothing in Mr Billson's presence which need create either alarm or suspicion, and he himself has given so many hos tages to the State, mid necessarily tabes such a deep interest in the welfare of the. district, that his mere appearance &t; an informal meeting bears no internal signi ficance whatever. We would not even have alluded to this part of the subject, but that we are confident it' has been made a " handle" for iDjuriDg a very praiseworthy object in the eves of the general public. There are thousands of subjects upon which Young Australia can meet on a common platform : Those of us who landed on the shores of Australia in the very early days of the goldfields are, alas, falling before the- remorseless scythe of time. Our sons are destined to cap the pyramid the solid foundation of which we have laid, and it should be our affectionate desire to leave the task to men who will, at the very least, he equal to their progenitors. In order that they should be so, we know of no better plan tbau that they should form themselves into uistrict- societies, whose members will, we feel well assured, not be antagonistic to their fathers, but will be inspired with a sincere appreci ation of the mighty empire which has been left in their charge, and an ear nest desire to leave the perfected work to their own children. For these rea sons, and for many others, we heaitily welcome the formation of the new society, and will do all in onr power for its guidance, progress and general wel fare. With regard to the promised pre sence of the Hon. Alfred Deakin unon the scene, we confoss we are far from \- admiring many or that gentleman's political ideas. But that has nothing whatever to do with the matter in hand. He has the special recommendation in this case, that ho himself is native- born, that he possesses considerab'e abilities, and that, as one of the first young Australians who has acquired so high and distinguished a position as that of Commissioner of Public Works, he is the natural representative of his compeers in all that concerna "Victoria in directions in which the new society pro poses to carry out its programme. It is not because any one of us may totally disagree with another on the questions of Free Trade or local option, that we may not all be iu accord upon certain other equBlly, or more, important sub jects. And now this brings us to the question whether there do net exist some semi-political subject which mmbt not be dealt with, without trenching on the very properly restrictive rule of the society. We refer, for instance, to such broad issues as our national defences, federation and annexation. All these thiDgs belong especially to the young men of the rising generation. Some of the veterans have, happily, lasted long enough to place these movements on a permanent basis, and may live long enough to leave it as a legacy. But, in any event, we want the youog natives' help in. carrying them out, and it will remain for them to perfect them. Un fortunately the defence question has been lately brought within the sphere of the wretched partisan politics from which even broad principles seem unable to escape in this colony. But we cannot see why federation and annexation shouid not form the subject of discussion and of high resolve amongst those who will probably have to fight for the latter before it is achieved. Indeed, it seems to us that no Young Australian Association conld last for very long, with any heart remaining in it, if those two subjects were attempted to be excluded. It would become a body without a souk These, with its correla- tive.theme of the recidivates, seem pro perly to belong to such associations, and we hope, if the rnles do hot absolutely forbid their discussion, that they will be so relaxed as to give them full admission. And now, in conclusion, we may say we hail with heartfelt pleasure the inaugura tion of an Australian Natives' Society in Beechworth, and we sincerely hope the movement will spread all over the dis trict and the colony. It is as natural as it is reasonable. In a few years it necessity, as 'well as its meaning, will have paBsed away; but it may in a couple of centuries or so form the basis of another society, the candidates for which will have to produce proof that they are the descendants of the men who laid the foundation of a Greater Britain. Mineral Rights. — In the Assembly on Wednesday, Mr Woods asked the Attor ney- General whether the gold in the reefs or alluvial drifts belonged to the duly licensed and authorised miner or the owner of the surface ; and whether the owner of the surface had any right to ex tort a royalty or payment for the cxtrac-t tion of such 'gold. Mr Kerferd said, with regard to lands alienated from the Crown, it had long heen contended that the gold in the land belonged to the owner, but it had now been decided by the Privy Conn cil that the gold belonged to the Crown. It was now contended that the owner of the land was the owner or the surface, and that the Crown could not go in with out the consent of the owner of the surface, bet that was not a good contention. A3 to the second part of thequestion, all con tracts made by the owners of private property for the purpose of enabling neople to obtain arold from their land on the payment of a royalty was illegal, and could not be enforced. Beechworth Warden's Court. — In this court at noon on Thursday, Mr War den Foster gave his decision iu the eases, Werner and Leschke v Warren and others and Hyndman v Ellen and Broadhtad, heard on Tuesday and Wednesday. In the first case a verdict for complainants, Is damages, and £3 3s costs, was given, and in the second case a verdict for defen dants with £4 4s costs. Meeting at Whorghly. — A public meeting in connection with the Blue Ribbon Mission movement was held at Whoronly on Friday evening, 18th inst. The night was dark and threatening, or there would have been a larger atten dance. Excellent addresses were deli vered by the Rev. A. McDonald (Wan garatta), Mr Kellaway (Milawa) and Messrs Chambers, Brennan and Francis (Myrtleford). A good choir rendered seven selections from the Gospel Tem perance Hymti-book ; Miss E. Tillotson presiding at the harmonium. The. Blue Ribbon portion of the Whorouly Brass Band also save a few selections, under the leadership of Mr J. Barker. At the close of the meeting the choir sang, " We are Wearing the Blue for Jesus," and 13 persons" joined the mission, making a total of 41 members. It is intended to have a similar gathering early in Oc tober. Blue Ribbon Gospel Temperance Mission. — The fourth meeting of the Myrtleford branch of the above was held in the Athenmum Hall, Myrtleford, on Friday evening, the 18th inst. There was a goad attendance, and great attention was paid to the various speakers by the audience. After a few introductory re marks by the chairman, Mr Francis de livered a good speech, which' was inter- spetsed with many amusing and interesting reminiscences, which were received with warm applause. The Chairman said lie was very sorry that that would probably be the last occasion that the public ot Myrtle ford would have the pleasure of hearing Mr Franct'3, as he was about to leave the district. The choir, under the leadership of Mrs Grant, then sang " Only an Arittor- bearer." Mr Green, the next speaker, took the meeting by storm by the able manner iu which he handled the tem perance question. lie likened the liquor traffic to the Upas Iree ; wherever it throve it spread its ill effects. He did not believe in local option, but abolition of the whole trade in spirituous liquor. Mr Chambers, in an eloquent and pithy manner, earnestly impressed on his hearers the evil effects of intemperance, and illustrated his discourse with reminiscences of personal observa tions. A duet by Mrs Grant and Miss Reese was very nicely sung, and several hymns were rendered during the evening by the choir, which were duly appreciated by the audience. The Chairman invited the members of the Blue Ribbon Army to give their names in as subscribers for a small sum of 3d, 6d, or Is per month, whatever they could afford. No collection was made ; but the above method was suggested instead. Members came for ward readily, aud the sum of 14s G.1 was collected in that manner. About 20 new members signed the pledge. This makes about 150 signatures taken in Myrtleford. The meeting then closed with the Bene diction, pronounced by Mr Chambers. English Mail. —The outgoing mail closes at the Beechworth Post Office as follows : — For foreign money orders and registered letters, 12. noon, and 6 p.m. respectively to-day (Saturday) ; for ordi- nai'y letters and newspapers, 2 p.m. on Monday, 28th inst. Beechworth Police Court. — On Thursday, before Messrs Telford and Gammon, J.P.'s, Robert Williams sued John Yoxall for the sum of 12s Gd, due for goods sold and money lent. An order was made for the amount, and 2s Gd costs. A person named Edward Moate, on remand from Bright, wa3 brought up on a charge ef lunacy. Senior- ccnstabte Shoebridge deposed to the arrest of the accused, who was attired as a man, and had for several years lived as such, but was believed to be a woman. On the testimony of Drs Fox and Skinner, accused was committed to the Lunatic Asylum. The Koran.— Mr J. G. Heales, the hon. secretary of the Wahgunyah Insti tute, addresses the following letter to the "Argus:" — "A few lines to correct an error in your issue of the 19th inst., in which you state the Koran used at the City Court, together with one in the Pub lic Library, were the only copies in the colony. I have great pleasure in inform ing you that at this remote portion of the colony the Free Library boasts of a copy, which is in a good state of preservation." Football. — A match was played on Saturday last on the cricket ground, El Dorado, between the El Dorado Blue Ribbon and the Tarrawingee footballers, which resulted in an easy victory for the latter, by 4 goals and 11 behinds to nil. The attendance of spectators on the ground numbered about 200, including a lot of visitors from Tarrawingee, and seemed to be much delighted with the day's outing. J. Y. Cook captained the visitors, and A. States the Blue Ribbon Club. Messrs Hutton are deserving of special mention for the manner in which they distinguished themselves for Ihe El Dorado Blue Rib bon Club. The most prominent players for their sides were Hutton Bros. , Staten, King, Maftell, Johnson and Studham, for the El Dorado, and J. V. Cook, M. Kay, R. Nolan, T. Spink, H. Nolan,. J; Dunstan and J. Jackson for Tarrawingee. The successful goal-kickers were R. Nolan, two, and J. V. Cook and M. Kay, one each. Mr M. Aogan performed the duties of central umpire, and Messrs J. Kay and G. Wallace those of goal umpires, and gave general satisfaction. Wangaratta Police Court. — On Thursday, before the Mayor, and Mr Bickerton, J.P.'s, Francis Raisbeck sued Wm. Cardiol for the amount of an account, due for goods sold and delivered; An order was made for the amount, with costs. Arthur Baynea Bued James Hart for £9 Is 6d, due for goods sold and delivered. Mr Notcutt for plaintiff. No appearance, of defendant. Order for the amount, with £1 3s 6d costs. William Glassenbury sued Jessie Johnston for 16s, for rent. Order for amount, ..with 2a 6d costs. A Remarkable Case. — A'yery extraor dinary case cropped up in the Beechworth Police Court on Thursday last. A person dressed in male attire, giviug the name of Edward Moate, was charged with bring of unsound mind. On the Monday previous accused had been brought up at the Bright Police Court, on a charge of being illegally upon premises, aud was discharged, but was subsequently re- arrested on a charge of lunacy, and remanded to ' Beechworth. Oh account ofthe effeminate appearance cf his prisoner, Senior-constable Shoebridge believed that it was a woman in disguise, and on Moate being committed to the lunatic asylum the discovery was made that the surmise was correct. Quite a romance is attached to the history of the man-woman, who 13 fifty-six years of age, and of Irish extraction. It appears that many years ago she was in the employ of the late Mr Phipps, clerk of courts at Omeo, as a " man-3ervant," and upon that gentleman s death went to live with the late Br Warren. Mr Phipps was in terested in a coal mine in England, but, owing to its unremunerative character, he became embarrassed in circumstances and left for Australia. Just prior to his death he made a will in Moate's favor, in con sideration of faithful services, leaving her the whole of hi3 personal effects and his interest in the coal mine above mentioned, which, it is now stated, has proved to be a valuable property. The will is now in possession of the police, pending instruc tions from the authorities how to act in the matter. Entering the service of Dr Warren, several years ago, she acted as his groom and personal attendant, per forming the work of a man : but it is not known whether the docter was aware of his servant's sex. Dr Warren died about three weeks ago, at Bright, and the event appears to have deranged Moate's mind, for she was arrested last week on a charge of lunacy. It is not known what induced the woman to assume the disguise ofa mem ber of the opposite sex ; but the whole story is another proof of the correctness of thejsaying that " truth is stranger than fiction." The ' Alpine Observer" reports the appearance of Moate b.-fore the Bright Police Court on Saturday last, as follows : —Edward Moate, servant to the late Dr Warren (brought up under : arrest), wa3 charged by Emma Golefiuch with wilfully trespassing on her premises, and refusing to leaVe when requested to do so. Defen dant when brought into cotir: presented a iitiable sight, and apparently his mind was unhinged. He was placed in a chair, and when asked what l.e had to say to the charge preferred agamsr. him made no re ply. Suddenly his limbs became rigid : hi3 eyes, wide open, assumed the glassy, lifeless appearance peculiar to thos=c in" a trance, and all effoits to arouse him to sensibility proved unavailing. His Wor ship intimated that he was not inclined to go on with the case while the man was in histh on condition. He would remand the accused till Monday, for medical ex amination. On being brought ho on Monday on the charge of trespass, accused wa3 discharged. Bask Changes at Rutherglen. — Mr Beath, who has been an accountant in the Banx of Victoria, at Rutherglen, since March last, has been removed to Port Albert, and left on Wednesday last. During the short time that that gentleman was in Rutherglen, by his most courteous and obliging manner, either in or out of business, he made many friends, and had he heen allowed to remain, would always have been a good townsman. We regret his loss ; but we understand he has received the appointment of manager at the Port Albert branch, writes our Ruther glen correspondent. A few friends saw him ofl by train, no time having been allowed for any parting ceremony. Mr Cruse is Mr Baath's successor. Beechworth Stock and Share Mar ket.— Mr A. W. Foster reports for the week ending the 25th inst : — Banks : Commer cial—buyers, £G 7s GJ; sellers, £G S3 Gd ; Federal — buyers, 3Ss Gd ; sellers, 40s ; 3ales, 39s. City of Melbourne — buyers, GGs 6d ; sellers, 67s 6d. Australian Freehold — buyers, 443 Gd ; sellers, .473 Gd; sales, 45s. Insurance Companies : Na tional — buyers, lis 9d ; sellers, 12s 3d ; sales, 12s. Colonial Mutual Fire — buyers. 3s ; sellers, 2s 3d ; sales, 3s 2d. United Australian— buyers, I3 8d ; sellers, 2s. Southern — buyei-3, IGs 9d sellers, 17s 6d. Indemnity — sellers, 20s. Mines : Rocky Mountain — buyers, Ss Gd ; sellers, 10s. Sperm Whale — sellers, Is. La Mascotts — sellers, Is. Miscellaneous : Monte Piete — buyers, 4s ; sellers, os Gd. Beechworth Gas Co.— sellers, 503. Stan ley Hall Go. — sellers, IO3. Yackandandah Hall Co.— sellers, G0»\ Mutual Store- buyers, S33 ; sellers, S4s. The Australian Eleven. — The match between the Australian eleven and All England was concluded on Wednesday, and resulted in a crushing defeat for the Australians, who were defeated in one innings with 5 runs to spare. The Aus tralians, who had four wickets down for 73 on Tuesday, when the stumps were drawn, continued their innings on the following day, Hifi'en and Midwinter being those who resumed. Neither made much of a stand, but Spofforth, Boyle and Palmer, who succeeded, got into double figures. The next man, Scott, made 31, not out, and Blackham, who was last, re tired hurt before he had scored, so that practically the Australians batted with ten men, the innings closing for 145. This made the grand total 374, as against 379, the first innings of the Englishmen. Our representatives had a little bad luck in losing the services of Blackham, remarks the " Age" but that never affected the result in the slightest degree, and it must be conceded that the best team won. Our bowling is perhaps equal to that of the Englishmen, but in batting the latter are much superior, and when the teams meet os a good wicket, victory would, in the large majority of matches, incline to the mother country. The Australians com menced a match against Sussex at Brigh ton on Thursday and on Monday begin a return match against the players, at the Oval. The Salvation Army. — It is elsewhere notified that at the meeting of the Salva tion Army in the Oddfellows' Hall, Beech worth, this evening addresses will be de livered by Staff-oflicer-Coles, Captain Miss Roberts (from India) and Lieutenant Miss Shaw, who are to arrive from Melbourne by the midday train. Progress.— We hear people talking of dull times and the scarcity of money,' but an inspection of the large stock of drapery that J. P. Wilson, of Camp- street, has been opening up during the past week is enough ta dispel the illusion that every one has lost faith in the prosperity of the tour. Among the goods opened up are to be noticed a very choice assortment of cretonnes, in all the latest designs and newest shades, with fringes to match them. There are to be observed a goodly stock of flannels, most suitable for the present season of the year ; also, large stocks of blankets, calicos, white and colored quilts, mattings, shirtings, dress materials, black cashmeres, hosiery, men's and boys' clothing, all of which, having been purchased, at the end of the whole sale season, will be offered at much lower prices than if they had been bought earlier.. Australian Natives' Society. — A meeting in connection with the above J society was held at the Star Hotel, Beech worth, on Friday evening. The chair was occupied by Mr Geo. Mackenzie, shire engineer, aud there were eighteen young men present. The rules, as framed by the committee, were adopted. The entrance fee for members was fixed at os, and the subscription at 2s Gd per month. The lowest age at whieh members can join the society is eighteen years, and persons who have arrived in the colony before ten years of age can also become members. Persons subscribing one guinea per annum may became honorary patrons. It was resolved that an advertisement be published, calling upon all Australian natives wishing to join the society to send in their names to the hon. secretary before Friday next. The provisional committee were authorised to make inquiries and inspect the buildings available for holding meetings of tne society in, and report at next meeting, on Thursday, 7th August. Those present enrolled themselves as members, and with a vote of thanks to the chairman, the meeting adjourned. Ovens Benevolent Asylum. — The list of subscriptions collected during June, in aid of the asylum funds, will be found in I another column. The amount- is £143 13s, which includes a sum of £70 generously, contributed by the Chinese of the district. " The "Vagabond." — M. Julian Thomas delivered his lecture 011 "Convicts and Cannibals" in St. George's Hall, Beech" worth, 011 Thursday evening, to a very large and appreciative audience. I11 another column will be found a report, which is but a brief precis of " The Vagabond's remarks, as it is hi3 intention to deliver the lecture in other parts of the district, and it would thu3 be unfair to anticipate him in those places. Mr Thomas left Beechworth, for Bright, on Friday morning, and will remain in that district until Monday, 4th prox., 011 which evening he will lecture at Myrtle ford, and leave the following day via Everton, for a tour through the Goul- burn Valley. While in Beechworth lie wrote to tne proprietors ot the ' Argus, requesting them to send up a case of stuffed birds, being some of the specimens he had brought from New Guinea, as a present to the local library ; and on Thursday a collection of fourteen birds was received, and form a valuable addition to the nvoe3um. We have " The Vagabond's" promise that he will re-visit Beeeh'.v.uth in the spring, to fake a trip to the Upper Murray, and can assure him that the residents of the town and district will be glad to welcome him back again. Discoveries at Silvekton. — A rich find of gold has been made twenty-five miles from Silverton. The shaft has been sunk loft. The reef shows lOin wide at the bottom of the shaft. A magnificent, find of lode tin has also been made eighteen miles rrom Silverton. Thousands of tons of the lode are visible, and it is estimated to contain 10 per cent of ore. Notwith standing these fresh discoveries, writes the Sydney correspondent of the "Telegraph," men are cautioned against going without monc-y. Alleged Simple Cure for Small-pox. — A correspondent of the "Liverpool Merciuy" writes to that journal as follows : \--"I am willing to risk my reputation as a public man it the worst case of small-pox cannot be cured in three da'ys, simply by cream of tartar. This is the sure and never-failing remedy : One ounce of cream of tartar dissolved in a pint ot boil'ng water, to be drunk when cold, at short in tervals. It can be taken at any time, and is a preventive as well as a curative. It is known to have cured in a hundred thou sand cases, without a failure. I have myself restored hundreds by this means. It never leaves a mark, never causes blind ness, and always prevents tedious linger ing. If the people would try it, and re port all the cures to you, you would require many columns if you gave them publicity." Affairs at Pentridge. — Anonymous letters making charges against individuals are at all times highly unsatisfactory, and the Chief Secretary complains that communications of this class are now reaching him as to the condition of affairs in the Pentridge Stockade. Mr.Berry, according to the "Telegraph," is satisfied that no ground exists for the statements which have been made respecting Mr. Castieau's management, but he is of opinion that too much leniency has been shown to the prisoners, and that discipline has not been so strict as it might have heen. That Mr. Castieau, who will commence his leave of abseuce within the next few- days, is regarded with estiem by the prisoners, is shown by the fact that he has received a letter from them, in which they condole with him in his present position. AlburyStock Market.— Messrs Griffith and Go. report : — Cattle. — 310 yarded, quality ranging from fair to medium ; only a few prime yarded. Owing to the with drawal of some lots sold outside the yards, the supply proved quite inadequate for requirements. The demand was brisk, and extreme rates were realised for all descriptions. We sold drafts for Sirs Hore, Messrs M. O'Donnell, A. Lobban, W. J. Stuckey, John Drummond, M. T. Kelly. R. Drummond and others, best bullocks to £13, cows to £9 10s. We sold : — For Mrs O. Hore, 130 bullocks aiid cows, to £13 for bullocks to £6 12s 6d, for cows (inferior) ; for Mr M. O'Donnell, 50 bullocks to £12 7s 6d ; Mr A. Lobban bullocks and cows to £10 2s 6d and £9 10s respectively ; Mr W. J. M. Stuckey, bullocks and cows to £9 15s ; Mr James Wm. Kelly's light bullocks to £10 10s, averaging £10s 7s ; Mr Daniels' bullocks to £11 5s, averaging £10 5s 6d, cows at £6 17s 6d ; and drafts for Messrs Robert Drummond, James Drummond, and others at full rates. Sheep. — 600 yarded, ranging from inferior to useful mnlton. We sold 200 for Mr John Rowe, Moora- watha, from I2s to 15s 3d ; and 400 for Mr W. J. Christy (very light and plain) to lis. Horeses. — 30 yarded, and nearly all sold up to £22 ltts for strong harness sorts, useful hacks to £14, 2 year-old draught entire colt £65, &c.; Beechworth No. 1 Fire-brigade. — The secretary of the above brigade desires to acknowledge the receipt ef £1 Is from the Australian Alliance Assurance Company, per Mr R. Finch, local agent. A Bigamist. — Daniel Cribb3, a young bootmaker, (says the "World") was brought up at the City Court on a charge of bigamy. Detective Mahony, who arrestedprisoner on a warrant in Queen-st, said that he was charged with inter-marrying at Melbourne on 4th December, 1883, with Margaret Norris, his wife Ann Oribbs, , whom he married at Corowa, on the 20th November, 1883, being still alive. Mrs Cribbs, who now resides at Wahgunyah, was cruelly deserted by the prisoner about four years ago, being left with two young children, the offspring of their marriage. The accused came to Melbourne, and there got acquainted with Miss Norris, daughter of a butcher residing in Queen-street, to whom he was married in December last at St. Peter's Church by the Rev. H. H. P. Handfield. Miss Norris, who is only about 19 years of age, has borne her cruel I deceiver a child. The prisoner, who is 25 years of age, was remanded till Friday next. " General Gordon. —The public of thi3 district are to have the " opportunity of hearing a lecture on the most interesting character who'occnpies the attention oFtlie Press of to-day — General Chinese Gordon, who now occupies a most perilous position in the Soiulan, and whose safety i3 threa tened by the False Prophet and his rebel host. The Rsv. Arthur Welleslev Chap- man, who is making a brief tour through Victoria, has decided to give a few lectures on General Gordon, setting forth the noble characteristics of this brave soldier, giving a graphic account of his marvellous escapes, brilliant exploits, deeds of daring and gallant victories, dating from the time he entered active service, in the Russian War, through the career of "the ever victorious'anny," and up to the present time, as Governor- General of the Soudan. This being the most thrilling and popular subject of the present day, we may predict a crowded house. The lecture i3 to be given 111 bt. Georges Hall on luesday night, at 8 o'clock. For the con venience of the public, tickets may bo hud at Mr A. W. Foster's, Ford-street, Beech worth. Mr Chapman lectures in Wau garatta on Friday, at Rutherglen on Saturday, and at Albury on Monday. The Stud. — We are requested by Mr E. Chambers, of Myrileford, to mention that an advertisement in reference to his stud horse King of the Forest will appear in a few days. Firemen's Ball. — Asocial dance, under the auspices of the Beechworth No. 1 Volunteer Fire-brigade, was held in St. George's Hall ou Wednesday evening, and was very numerously attended, among those present, we were pleased to notice, being several members of the old brigade. Good mnsic was provided by Herr Sehluter (piano) and Messrs T. Wilson and J. Brown (violin), and a programme of eighteen items kept the dancers pleasantly engaged until half-past one a.m. The hall had been very tastefully decorated with evergreens, flags and colored lanterns, and on the stage was placed the brigade reel and hose and other appliances ; the whole having a very good'effect, Wangaratta Athen.eum Concert.— The first of a series of entertainments in connection with the above institution took place last Thursday evening at St George's Hall, Wangaratta, before a very good at tendance, although not so numerous as wa3 anticipated, owing to a counter- attraction, in the form of a Salvation and Bine Ribbon Army meeting, at Osbcld- stone's theatre. We may mention, in- ferentially, that St. George's Hall has been much altered and improved by the proprietor, Mr Brash. The auditory hr.s been extended, and the st ige widened and deepened. The appointments and acces sories are appropriate and complete ; rile scenery especially being much admired. The artiste (Mr Hart, of the Theatre Royal. Melbourne) has done his work meritoriously ; the carpenter's portion being well executed fcy Mr Kii:--. In the absence of programmes (which, by-the- bye, were very much missed), -we are unable to give the various numbers. Miss Isabel Reid, the daughter of a very old resident, made her debut briure a Wanga ratta audience, and created quite a jnrore, the recent successful appearance of this young lady in Melbourne, and Iter receiv ing some laudaioryijnotiees in the Mel bourne Press, having caused an interest to see and hear lxer. The young lady evi dently tried her utmost to give sarisiaedon, and she sang with a power and purity whieh roused her hearers into strong en thusiasm. 3ut we must be candid. The effect of her vocalisation was mailed when reaching the highest notes, by a spasmodic and jerky movement of the shoulders, which she would do well to remedy, it possible, as the peculiar action spoils the finest effort. We never heard Mr Taylor in better voice and to more advantage. There is nothing of the amateur about him ; while hi3 cool and possessed manner adds effect to his vocal ability. Mr Snelling on his favorite Cremona violin, and Mr3 Hutton on the piano, gave two instrumental duets with their customary high finish. Mrs Notcutt discoursed music exquisitely. " The Nightingale's Trill" and "Laddie" were rapturously ap plauded, and she was recalled for the former. Miss Rogers sang "Spinning" rather sweetly. Mr Mason made his first appearance, and sang " The Old Sexton." He has a powerful voice, and will sing much better when he get3 accustomed to public appearances. He looked somewhat nervous. Mr Barnes did not please U3 so well as on former occasions, and his ren dering of " The Village Blacksmith" was somewhat labored, and it appeared to drag. He was evidently suSerinv from a severe cold. At the conclusion, Mr Not cutt, the chairman, stated the entertain ments would be continued fortnightly. The O-xley Shire Election. —It looks at present as if some more than ordinary excitement is to be experienced in, at all events, the Western Riding of the Oxley Shire at the approaching election. Mr A. Byrne, the retiring councillor, is it is said, to be opposed by a Mr Egan. Now, from what we know of Mr Byrne before and since he became a member of that body, we should say that it would take a very good man indeed to put him out-, and that he would not be a very good man who stood against him, after his excellent service, without some substantial reasons for his opposition. We confess we know nothing .whatever of Mr Egan. He may be one of the coming men, but we shall be very curious to hear on what ground he seeks to oust Mr Byrne. Any man, certainly, has a right to stand for a municipal constituency, a3 well as a Parliamentary one ; but the electors in all cases want to know the reason why, especially if the outgoing councillor, to all appearance, stands well with the large majority of his constituents. There is not even a lical reason in this case, as Mr Byrne has faithfully represented an im mense and isolated portion of the Western Riding. If Mr Egan, however, has claims, he is bound not only to show them, but to publicly dissever himself from some persons who appear aB his supporters, hut who have been employing tactics with which no honest man would identify himself. In. fact one, advocate of Mr Egan's candidature— he would have stood himself if he had had "the ghost cf a show" — would injure any cause, no matter how straightforward and honorable ip itself. For months this man ha3 been going round undermining Mr Byrne by assertions the bare mention ef which waB an insult to the intelligence of his hearers, who had any knowledge whatever of Mr Byrne. We ourselves believe the out going member to be one of the ablest, 1 most, honest and independent members who ever sat at the council-table. 