CRICKET. CRICKET CHATTER. BY "THE WANDERER." Honours, riches, pleasures, all were as nothing to any cricketer in the pursuit of play on the two first Saturdays of this glad New Year, for on those days the dust-fiend soared aloft unchecked, and made everybody as uncomfortable as need be. But last Saturday the D.F. had to hide his diminished bead, as the clerk of the weather was in a right royal humour, and treated us to such a day as a poet might love to picture "in the sunbeams' trembling glare." A more lovely day, indeed, could not be wished for, and even the Hothamites did not regret the leather-hunting to which they were subjected on this, one of the best and brightest of Australian summer days. It is fitting, before troubling my readers with any comments on the deeds of the men of Hotham on this particular and most delightful Saturday, that I should first say something about the Cup match, which is attracting so much attention between Richmond and East Melbourne. No one will have forgotten that when play ceased on the preceding Saturday the Jolimonters had finished their first innings for a total of 205, and that Richmond had seven runs on the board without losing a wicket. Well, then, on resuming, A. Bowman and R. Hosie, the not-outs, set to work, in the absence of G. M'Shane, the crack Jolimont bowler, and got close up to 50 before they were separated. After this separation had been brought about, J. Trinnick and Bowman made such an excellent stand, that only one wicket was down for 90, but just at this period when Richmond expected to top, at least, 300, M'Shane made his appearance and a marked change for the better, in so far as it concerned East Melbourne, at once took place. T. Groube went on and dismissed Bowman. M'Shane took Trinnick's wicket and a regular collapse was setting in, when R. Fitzgerald came to the rescue, and, by resolute play, stemmed the tide of adversity, so that the first innings of Richmond closed for the respectable total of 157 after all its varying viscissitudes. Bowman performed very neatly for his score of 41, and gave not the ghost of a chance. Trinnick's 26 were earned in his usual cricket-like style, his cutting especially being remarkably pretty. Fitzgerald, who carried out his bat for 32, was the salvation of his side at the finish, and his was a very good and praiseworthy display. Hosie put 19 together usefully rather than ornamentally, and O'Hara, from whom better things were expected, played but badly for 10. O'Hara, I fancy, must have been too anxious to justify the good things said of him on his joining Richmond. M'Shane bowled capitally, and secured 3 for 25. Mac still regrets the loss of that train on Friday at Violet Town. Groube, one of C. G. Allee's happiest changes bowled as straight as a die, and netted 2 for 18, while Trapp took 2 for 3, and Scott 2 for 27. Campbell and Robertson tried without success, and Horan was not tried at all. The Jolimonters fielded well all through, and M'Shane and Gordon were particularly conspicuous for their activity. East Melbourne did not make a very good start in their second innings, the first wicket falling when only half-a-dozen runs were were so red, and it looked decidedly unpleasant for Jolimont at the fall of the seventh wicket, but it looks better now, thanks to Groube and Campbell, who proved themselves the right men in the right place, and who hope, with the aid of Robertson and Allee, to largely augment the present total of 112 with three wickets to fall before the second innings of Richmond shall have been started. Of the runs made so far by the Jolimonters in this second essay of theirs against the Richmondites, Scott is to be credited with 31, and he is to be charged with having given Turner, at mid-off, the easiest of chances when he had made 15 of them. Apart from that one blemish Scott's cricket was perfect. Horan played good cricket for 27, but he also gave a chance, and should have been held by O'Hara at short-leg. H. Musgrove hit up 12 in no time, and intended to hit up a lot more, but Bowman was in the long field, and one of Musgrove's loftiest bits was well judged, securely held, and very splendidly taken by that good and youthful Richmond player. There was nothing in any way remarkable about the batting of the rest of the East Melbourneites, but Sam Morris' bowling average suffered through Horan and Scott, both being missed off his deliveries, and it is to be said that he and Turner both bowled well. As to the Richmond fielding, P. Smart was noticeably quick at point, and his comrades for the most part did well enough, the only mistakes that were made being, by force of circumstances, accredited to Turner and O'Hara, whose errors have been to them both the cause of much concern. Roberts, late of Dandenong, kept wicket so neatly and effectively to entitle him to much praise, and Percy Lewis in his post behind the sticks was not seen to advantage any less than Roberts. I would stop here, only that I have yet to say that in my opinion certain of the Richmond players, and one Richmondite, who is not a player but an enthusiast, acted most ungenerously in charging McAuley, the curator, and the East Melbourne Ground committee with having "doctored" the wicket. They did not say in so many words that the Ground Committee had ordered the wicket to be prepared in a certain way, but they most distinctly did state that the wicket had been tampered with to the disadvantage of Richmond, and for the benefit of East Melbourne. If this be not what was meant, then nothing was meant, and it surprises me beyond measure to think that any person in the possession of his senses could find it within the compass of his mental faculties to imagine a proceeding so grossly uncricket- like. The wicket, as a matter of fact, was not first-rate at any time, but it played batter. I am credibly informed, while the Richmond men were batting than it did at any time during either innings of East Melbourne. It is needless to say anything further on the subject. Everyone acquainted in the least with the spirit of genuine fair play, which has always characterised the Jolimonters, will readily acquit any one of their number from the charge of "doctoring." And equally, of course, the charge will be accepted by every one outside the Richmond Club as having been both gratuitous and insulting. It was a cruel fate that led Hotham to take the field against Melbourne on Saturday last, and the nine Hotham bowlers who tried their hand will, I'm afraid, have further cause to regret their venture. J. D. Edwards, G. Alexander, G. Smith and T. J. D. Kelly are out, but there is W. Bruce to be got rid of yet, and between him and J. M'Ilwraith, J. Swift, and the rest, who can tell how many will be made. Hotham, you may be sure, did not win the toss, otherwise Dan Griffitus and his comrades would have been in instead of Melbourne. As it is, Griffiths stands a show of not going in at all, unless that once good right arm of his regain it cunning before three days be over. E. O'Brien might do the trick, but he will have to bowl better next time. W. Bruce made his first century in this match, and he made it well, albeit the bowling was weak, that no fault could be fund with his performance. As a left-hand batsman Bruce has no compeer for neatness of execution, and in this instance his performance was perfection itself. Edwards played in quite his best form for 71, and retired run out per favour of the umpire, though actually he was not out at all, and if you ask a Hothamite, he will tell you so. The umpire was a humane man, and that was the reason why Smith went back lbw, in mercy to the Hothamites. Kelly's 59 were made rapidly and well, and if Bruce and M'Ilwrath can only get set on Saturday next, as Bruce and Edwards did last Saturday, woe betide the chosen players of Hotham. Kew ran up 101 against South Melbourne, and the latter put together 84, for the loss of three wickets A. W. Barnard 48, and Halfey 13, played well for Kew, and Walter 37, J. W. Trumble 31 (not out) and Deeley 16 (not out) did best for the Southeners, who commenced their innings in rather a sensational manner, two wickets being down for nought. Walters hit 8 fourers, and Trumble played almost as vigorously. Dodd, Foot and H. Trumble bowled for Kew, each securing one wicket. J. W. Trumble, 4 for 30, Barrett & for 11, and Walters one for nothing, divided the Kew wickets between them. Kew batted two men short. AGAINST Carlton Fitzroy scored 216, of which J. C. Allen, a few seasons ago one of the most promising players in the Western District, made 63 by faultless cricket. His play, in fact, was the feature of the innings. Blackham himself, who was in the field for Carlton, stated that he had seldom seen better cutting and driving than Allen's, whose two fivers were obtained in a manner worthy of Percy M'Donnell. Allen had thoroughly mastered the bowing when the umpire affirmed that he was run out, but it was a very close thing, and found but little favour with the spectators. Allen spent two unlucky seasons with the second eleven of the M.C.C., and his Camperdown friends will no doubt be glad to learn of his returning form. J. Topping played a meritorious innings for 55 not out, and be and his two brothers—F. and H. Topping, with 21 and 19 respectively—made it pretty hot for the Car;ton bowlers towards the finish. H. Groube bowled well for Carlton; and Allen, for Fitzroy, has secured the only Carlton wicket lowered up to now. J. Melville is not out with 15 to his credit, C. Scown is 12 (not out), and the Carlton total for one wicket lost is 31. THE Second of Hotham, on their own ground, put the Second of Melbourne out for 2, they themselves cured 126. Oakley, 84, was top for the M.C.C., five of whose wickets fell to M'Gibbon for a run; and the highest scorers for Hotham were Litchfield 31, Houston 24, M'Gibbon 28, Rains 20, and Guy 18 (not out). The wicket was rather bare of grass, and the Melbourne men did not like it. Ask W. Rogers! For St Kilda, against the Rioters on Thursday last, T. J. D. Kelly scored 126 (not out), out of a total of 256, in a manner worthy of his best days. W. M'Evoy, for the same side, contributed 41, and E. Turner 20. G. Barrett 41, and J. Barrett 24, did most towards enabling the Rioters to reach 116, and St. Kilda won, hands down, with 141 run to spare. AMONGST the century scores of the season may be mentioned Maurice Goldsmith's very creditably obtained 135 for the M.C.C. second eleven against Kow Asylum on the 12th inst. Melbourne 303 for six wickets, and after Goldsmith came F. Jones with 81, J. Sutherland with 19, and W. Rogers 14 (not out). The Asylum men fielded all the afternoon. THE East Melbourne Rovers met an eleven of the M.C.C. on Saturday last, and scored 99, Archie Yuille 30, Ray 17, and Watson 16, being the largest contributors. Melbourne replied with 144 for nine wickets, R. P. Dixon, C. Forrester, De Little, and R. Sillett, with 23, 22, 18, and 15 respectively, doing most of the scoring. Forrester achieved a cricket curiosity by clean bowling three wickets for no runs. I QUOTE the following from "Censor," in last Saturday's issue of the /Sydney Mail/:—"Notwithstanding the splendid struggle made for supremacy by our representatives in the late intercolonial match played against Victoria at Melbourne, the most ordinary observer of cricket in New South Wales cannot but notice the disadvantages under which cricketers in this colony labour, when compared with the facilities offered for the pursuit of the game in Victoria and South Australia. Every suburb around Melbourne has its well-appointed cricket ground, planted with handsome trees, adorned with comfortable pavilions, and provided with accommodation for the public to witness both the winter and summer sports. The Government there grant the ground, and permit a charge for admission to be made on condition that the money is devoted to improvements and the furtherance of athletic pastimes. This liberality enables the young men of each suburb to practice the game of cricket on good, sound turf, and thus Victoria has twenty promising cricketers, where New South Wales has one. In the late match it will be seen that the brunt of the battle was borne by those cricketers who have been before the public for several seasons past, while in the Victorian ranks were some young players who are quite new to intercolonial fame. Cricket is undoubtedly languishing in Sydney for want of accommodation for the players, and so the rising generation of cricketers are kept in the back ground. The Association Ground is taxed already to its utmost to meet the growing demand, and any increase to the number of practising clubs will render an afternoon's practice at the net uncomfortable, if not actually dangerous. The outlook is not reassuring. Our present champions cannot last for ever, and, as they retire, their places will be hard to fill with efficiency. The ardour of our cricketers must be of an enduring nature, for, at present, they are placed under many difficulties. Now that the Domain Cricket Ground, whereon scores used to practice daily, has been allowed to go to ruin through want of water, and the beautiful awards at Wentworth Park and the Agricultural Society's Ground, over which hundreds of pounds have been spent, to become burnt up through want of moisture. The Association Cricket Ground is the only one upon which cricket can be played with safety. When water is scarce, domestic requirements must, of course, be first satisfied; and, during a dry season, the luxury of good turf must be denied to our cricketers, who must wait until the Nepean Water Scheme is completed. Though the Association Ground is one of the finest in the world, and is the proper place to play all the important matches, yet a great impetus would be given to the game generally if there were a few cricket grounds formed here and there in the suburbs, to which a charge for admission could be made. The public, in paying for admission on gala occasions, would be merely helping outdoor sports, and, at the same time, providing accommodation for themselves. It seems strange that a city like Sydney should contain only one cricket ground fit to play on, but it is not so very long ago since the South Australians were lamenting the loss of a bill in Parliament which, if passed, would have given them another oval on which to play the game." The New South Wales contingent of the Fourth Australian Eleven are, on their return from England, to play in all representative matches that the New South Wales Cricket Association may require. It was only on this condition being complied with that the patronage of the Sydney Association was granted for the matches to be played by the Eleven in Sydney prior to their departure for England. The Sydney selection committee for the remainder of the season consists of Messrs. D. Gregory, H. H. Masie, and E. Powell. An attempt was made to revert to the Victorian practice of leaving the selection of teams to one player, whose judgment could be relied on, and Mr. D. Gregory was nominated for the office, which he lost by one vote at the meeting just referred to. I don't think that even our own W. H. Cooper could pick a team better than the stalwart captain of the first Australian eleven, and I'm half inclined to think that the Sydney Association might have done wisely by adopting the Victorian system of selecting teams to represent the colony on the cricket field. THERE wasn't a solitary double-figure contributor for fifteen of Hobson's Bay Railway against eleven of the M.C.C. on Wednesday last. The fifteen indeed were all out for 34, and Moloney with 5 and Frazer with 7 headed the list against the bowling of E. J. Crooke, 10 for 13, and G. Alexander, 4 for 19. The last of the Melbournians was got rid of only when the fifteen were beaten by 277, and the principal contributors to the total of 311 were M'Evoy 142, a fine free innings, J. Blackham 45, Vint 30, Kelly 26, R. Sillet 23 (not out), and Crooke 19. The Hobson's Bay bowling was as poor as their batting, excepting that portion of the trundling which was done by Frazer and M'Donald, each of whom performed well enough to secure 3 wickets at a trifling cost. Seven of Crooke's victims were clean bowled, and eight of the fifteen made "ducks." Baker was not one of the unfortunates, for he made 6. THE Stage having given the Press "fits" on three separate occasions this season, tried their luck against an eleven of East Melbourne on Friday last, when the pleasantest of pleasant games ended in a draw, the Thespians scoring 141, and the Jolimonters 121 for six wickets. For the former H. Musgrove, 32, W. Walshe, 25, and H. Ross, 23, were the double figure contributors; and J. C. Williamson, W. Segrave, and H. Bennett made 9 each. For East Melbourne the principal scorers were W. Steel 36, S. Nass 33 (not out), Roberts 19, and Wilfred Hughes 13\. Twelve Stage men wielded the willow, and ten of their wickets fell to Wilfred Hughes, while G. Paton and H. Musgrove trundled successfully for the conquerors of the Press. The South Melbourne Trades had to lower their colours to the /Argus/ Club on Thursday last, mainly owing to the good bowling of C. Morris, who also did well with the bat—25 out of a total of 86 being credited to him. Next to Morris were Castles 16, and A Windley 13. Nichol bowled best for the S.M. Trades, for whom Patterson, with a well made 24, was the only double figure. AT East Melbourne, on Friday last, an enjoyable game was played between twenty-two members of the Yorrick club, who arrayed themselves eleven aside, under the captaincy of Messrs. G. Coulson and G. Aytoun. Coulson won the toss, and his side going in first scored 102\. Ross, of Somersetshire county fame, got 42 of the number, and then retired, thinking he had done enough. D. Watterston's contribution was 25. Aytoun's team had lost only 5 wickets for 97, and Ross was just beginning to feel sorry that he had given up his band, when Matts and Coulsou relieved his anxiety by taking charge of the bowling, and flooring the remaining five without the addition of a solitary run. Matts in this covered himself with glory, and Coulson smiled again after his wonderful performance with the leathern sphere. Aytoun's team did not bat a second time, but Coulson's lot made yet another essay and realised 76, Rosa contributing 36 and Watterston 16. A. M. Topp bowled, and so did Messrs. Cox and Plumpton, but still Aytoun was beaten, or if he wasn't his men were, by 5 runs on the first innings. Aytoun's batting for his score of 38 was grand in the extreme, but the fielding—well, that I simply can't describe. You should have been there to see it. THE Australian Eleven will play their first match in Queensland, at Brisbane, on the 22nd of February and following days, against eighteen of the colony. This has been decided upon by the Brisbane Cricket Association. Coranderrk Aboriginals can, some of them, play cricket pretty well, but eleven of them were badly beaten by Corio, down at Geelong, on Wednesday last, the home team scoring 203 against 143 and 54. M'Lean 57 (not out), Baird 35, Cuddy 26, O'Neil 17, and Greenfield and Holden 17 each, played best for the Corioites, and Carr 19 and 34 did all the double-figure work for the Aboriginals, who opposed Camperdown next day, and were again defeated. Camperdown scored 137, of which J. Neylon made 40, and the Blacks got 77, leaving their opponents 60 to the good. Dunolly 17, was top scorer for the Aboriginals in this case. The weather was delightful at both places, and the Camperdown folks rolled up in good numbers to see the sable cricketers play. CORIO Shire Councillors, Past and Present, had a game between themselves last Wednesday. They were not very long at it before dinner, but the Present had time to get 44, all out, and the Past 46 for 2 wickets. Armytage 26 (not out), made more than half the runs for the Present, and for the ex-Councillors Higgins got 21 (not out), Berry 12, and Pincott 12 (not out). Higgins bowled in great form, and Campbwll got each of the 2 wickets that fell on the side to which Higgins belonged. The match was played as a preliminary to a dinner given by Mr. Bullivant, president of the Corio Shire Council, and the scores given are only up to the adjournment. What happened after that report sayeth not, but the appetites of the players were, it is certain, not impaired in the least either by the fruits of victory or defeat. M. MINCHIN, 128 (not out), was the century man for the second eleven of South Melbourne against the second of Kew on Saturday last. Minchin played a very good game, and was well supported by Windley, 57, Chalk, 2, Treen, 19, G. Rosser, 12, and J. R. Armstrong, 82 (not out). The Kew men say they won't have to field all day next Saturday, although the Southern second eleven have lost only five wickets for 291. E. W. WALLINGTON, a dozen, and Armitage, 12, were the only double figures for Bohemia against Brighton, who lost three wickets for 80, while the Wanderers altogether scored no more than 61. F. Lucas, 47 (not out, and H. Dunn (not out), 18, were the principal scorers for Brighton, and both shaped well. Thompson and Dunn did all the bowling against Bohemia, and for that noble band, which D. Wilkie seems to have deserted, Armitage and Johnson performed decently. Dan's slows were wanted. WILLIAMS (sub.), 27, was top for the second eleven of Footscray against the second of Williamstown, and the men from the fishing village won with the greatest ease by an innings and 130 runs. R. Grubb, #7, C. Russell, 47, and A. Cameron, 19, played the game for Williamstown, who totalled 198 against Footscray's 29 and 39. It was in the second innings of Footscray that Williams got the 27. IN /Household Words/ of 17th November, the following little anecdote appears:—"The members of our staff are very fond of boasting of their prowess at cricket. A match commenced on Thursday, and on the evening of that day our hero went to the wickets, but before he had received a ball the stumps were drawn for the day. All Friday it rained, and there was no play. On Saturday morning he was clean bowled by the first ball he received, and now he boasts that it took an All-England Eleven three days to get him out." W. R. GILBERT, who came here with W. G. Grace's team, having gone safely through the Insolvent Court, with his assets of four old bats, has recently married a daughter of the late James Lillywhite, of Cheltenham, England. It is understood that the lady is supplied with a fair amount of cash, and is to be hoped that Gilbert the Benedict will be more fortunate in his speculations than Gilbert, of Bachelors' Hall. THE London Daily Telegraph of 29th November states that "the Notts' County Club have declined unanimously to make any matches with Lancashire in 1884, on the ground of the latter having, during last season, played in their eleven at least two men, as to the fairness of whose bowling there are grave doubts." This is rather an extreme step, I fancy but it is in keeping with the views of Lord Harris, in so far as it will have a tendency to keep "throwing" bowling in check. Lancashire County has arranged, or, rather, agreed, to play home and home matches with Notts; and, no doubt, if Crossland, the arch offender, and the other culprit (whoever he may be), be kept out, the lace county will fall in with the views of the Lancastrians. Lord Harris suggests that the counties should set their face against the system of throwing, by employing only such bowlers as will strictly adhere to the letter of the law. Let all others be discarded, no matter how destructive their deliveries may be. About the bat question, his Lordship states, according to the London /Sportsman/, that he has been authorised by the Kent County Club, to warn all Kent players, that the use of a bat of the regulation width will be insisted on. In view of the many questions that have been sent in to this office as to who is the best all-round cricketer in the colonies, it has occurred to the proprietors of the SPORTSMAN that the best plan to settle this moot point would be to obtain the opinions of cricketers throughout the colony on the subject, and they have accordingly, in this day's SPORTSMAN, issued coupons upon which those cricketers who feel inclined to do so can express their opinion. It is a decidedly novel method of gaining evidence on the point; but, if cricketers generally give their opinions in the same spirit of earnestness that actuates the proprietors of the SPORTSMAN, then there can be no doubt that very satisfactory results will be arrived at. MR. G. F. VERNON, who will be well remembered as one of the most expert fieldsmen of the Hon. Ivo Bligh's English eleven, arrived recently in Melbourne, and will play to-day with an eleven of the M.C.C. against 15 of Berwick. The other Melbourne representatives will be Messrs. E. J. Crooke, T. J. D. Kelly, J. M'Ilwraith, W. M'Evoy, J. Sutherland, W. Rogers, Ross, Evans, Lawler, Armytage, and Matheson. COUNCILLOR LANGFORD's Challenge Cup was drawn for on Monday night for the fifth time. The following was the result:—Rose of Hotham v. Western Market, Ormond v. Hotham Hill Union, Laurel v. Alberts. The matches are to be played on the ground of the club first named. Mr. Langford's cup is a very handsome trophy, and the competition for it is exciting much interest among the Hotham junior players. THE Hon. Ivo Bligh is expected to arrive in Melbourne within a month. A MATCH between Yorkshire and Lancashire will be played next season for the benefit of Allan Hill, the celebrated Yorkshire professional fast bowler. From Wisden's Cricketers' Almanac for 1884, I learn that Allan Hill made his first appearance in a match of importance on 9th September, 1870, when he played for 22 colts of York-hire against the United North of England Eleven. He then bowled out five of the Eleven, and it was said of him that he must inevitably work his way to the front rank. That be did so is verified by the fact that, from the beginning of 1871 to the end of 1882, he bowled 4803 overs for 2247 maidens, 6323 runs, 3 wides, 5 no balls, and 499 wickets, of which 32 were clean bowled. It will thus be seen that his wickets averaged only 12.335 each—a truly marvellous record. Messrs. J. BLACKHAM, H. Boyle, W. H. Cooper, W. Midwinter, G. Bonnor and G. Alexander, of the Australian Eleven, left overland for Sydney by the afternoon express yesterday. They were to be joined at Baddaginnie, at night, by G. Palmer. Percy M'Donnell and the other members of the Eleven arrived in Sydney some days ago. THE fourth draw for Messrs. Boyle and Scott's challenge cup took place last night, at the firm's rooms, Bourke-street. The clubs were drawn in the following order:—West Sandridge v. S. M. Britannia, North Fitzroy v. Capulet, Northern v. Queensberry, Grosvenor v. Yarra Yarra. The matches will be commenced next Saturday, and must be played on the ground of the club first named. 