ECHOES FROM THE SMOEINCf- BOOM. [BY A SCRIBBLES.] Dr. Cockburn is one of thoBe rare speakers who, with a little more practice and a little less fioridity, will fairly " put one's soul in tune," as honest old Lee phrases it. The Burra shonld be proud of him. The Burra should be proud, moreover, of the other men whom it has had. Scarcely another district has been pleaded for by such masters of the art of persuasion. On its record standi such names as Boucaut and Mann, and Hart and Rees, and Ward—the two latter rare speakers indeed, albeit the first is sometimes too painfully ornamental, and the last in certain moods is given to ranting until his own words seem to quarrel with themselves in the jostling rush for utterance, and the syllables get battered somewhat. Then he shrieks painfully now and then, but he is one of the two statesmen in the House. Nearly every Burra member, too, has been a Minister of the Grown at - some time or another, and not many years will pass before its present senior will be lawful possessor of the keys of the Education Office. Its junior i» even now on the point of turning over the contents of a portfolio whose late master is officially in the act of giving up the ghost. It is a long while since the Address in reply motion has been so well moved; and a mtic could praise with slighter qualification, if the genial Doctor had not allowed his nervousness to nearly overmaster him once or twice. He had evidently carefully prepared his speech. With a crowded gallery, a fall House, and an intent auditory Ins selfconsciousness proved better than his memory and once, when his speech was only five minutes old. he was almost conquered. He had finished a long—a too long—paragraph about our loyalty, which nobody doubts, and our love for the Queen, which every one owns, and he was casting about for his _ next point when his memory played him a scurvy trick and hid away down in its lowest level the poiut he so earnestly was looking for. A minute passed, and still that thought was hidden, and yet the memory was treacherous. The Strangers' Gallery looked its nervous sympathy; the speakers' faces wore a shade denoting keen' commiseration; the acknowledged'orators of the House felt their hearts gradually coming up from the depths into which they had sunk as the fair promise of the beginning of the Doctor's speech told them of the advent of a powerful rival. A disappointed look was shading the new man's face and his embarrassment was plainly shown, when Mr. Ward opposite began a cheer and the?other members took it up, and it ran briskly round the walls till presently it reached him, giving him a new confidence which vanquished MB recreant memory, and made it hastily fling the lost point to his lips and send it forth with vim, with vigour, withteffect. Afterwards there was no more hesitation, and the result was admirable. Not only were new and good ideas set forth before the House, but they were clad in rich, wellfitting garments.. The only fault was that the raiment was just a little tinselled. The intellectual feast he spread would have been more admired but that the air of the dininghall was slightly burdened with the scents of oratorical flowers which were too lavishly, strewn about, though there were one or two delightful little nosegays. A few illustrations^ however, were unfortunate. "These colonies are sure to be united, just as two raindrops are bound to - coalesce." That was not happy. " There was in the State ship a presence of sacrilegious rats." That was not good—no, not even as a possible antithesis to presumably highly religious "Church mice." But, though the Doctor has not what one may best call ahighly magnetic style—though he is apt to be more tautological than the books permit—thongh with some of his fine periods he trespasses into ithe outer territory ofl mock-heroics, yet he used a sentence on Tuesday-than which even Dickens has not written many better. And here it is, to bring this to a close":—" In our beloved Queen we recognise not only the embodiment of majesty but the type of every tender domestic tie, and the intensity of grief in one so exalted and so loved touches ' a chord within the breast of every individual which is echoed and re-echoed in ever-increasing volume, until the heartstrings of the whole of this great Empire vibrate in sympathetic unison 1" There is no mere gasfabout that. Dr. Cockburn's was the only really captiating deliverance of the whole debate, not ounting Mr. Symon's, which to his leader's (who did himself bare justice) was as the sharp ringing crack of a rifle to the dull spluttering ot a popgun charged''with a deadly potato disc. Too-nervous Mr. Johnson's was not loud enough. The sentences reached the Gallery lopped of some of their, limbs and liming. Mr. Newland's was characteristic, though the epitaph was good, and the words were rolled off from the oratorical reel very pleasantly. Mr. Bagster's undulated too regularly from second octave to first ledger-line below the Btave. Young Mr. Hawker's—very short but nicely • pithy—was amongst the best of the new members'; he has a"pleasant presence, an voice; whilst a good intellectual signboard in the form of a broad forehead.makes him n the promise a worthy son of an able father. At least he ought to be a strong member of the rising party of young Australians, and he is like the dethroned Premier in that he made his first essays in political speaking at a Parliamentary Club. What Mr. Moody said was characteristic too, and he bad his reward. The House yawned. Mr. Bray was finikin and jerky—with a purpose. When I see him vexing the soul and torturing the body of his Godfather with his little pin-pricks of retort I always think of a shaved lion tormented by mosqnitoes; o_nly_ Mr. Bray has more of the eccentric liveliness and agile gymnastics of another little tormentor. He is persistent and he is - piercing. He stings and he tickles—stings his Godfather, tickles the onlookers. Bnt ne is not venomous 2 As to that Godfather relation of the Honourable John to Mr. Bray, there was not at all a bad specimen of Ministerial repartees when Mr. Colton moved his curiously worded resolution— " That's a piece of Ebenezer Ward's work," said Mr. Bray, with wonted dignity. "Ah 1" quoth Mr. Colton, " the Treasurer is prophesying again! It won't do, though; he is not a prophet—not even the son of a prophet!" "[No; only the godson," said Mr. Smith. And the House roared in unison. Mr. Homburg was polished and effective, and would have voted probably had he not forgotten, even after a friend refreshed his memory, hb hustings utterances. Mr. Tennant was terrible in his oratorical frenzy. He used the word "inasmuch" eighteen times in seven minutes—Gladstone himself would hardly have been able to do that, I am. afraid, and I say it with all respect for the Great Statesman! He may be discouraged when he hears it, but the truth must prevail I Then Mr. Tennant in effect told the majo- " rity they didn't or wouldn't speak the truth, he wandered cheerfully over tne beaten wheellutted tracks of commonplace, and, declaring wildly that he believed in water " conversation," at once brought down the House, and illustrated his conviction by drinking down a tumblerful almost at one gulp. Mr. Hardy was, as is his wont, impressive, and Mr. Catt really conscientious and obedient to conviction, Dut weak—weak and rather petulant. The Attorney-General, as the Ministry's chosen vessel, effervesced with honest rage and frothed over with oratorical exaggeration. Mr. Howe's speech was all good in its way, but it was as disconnected as a dictionary; his great warm heart ran away with his head. Mr. Miller showed better, but Mr. Copley did ill to raise the slumbering antagonism between city and country. When that sleeping dog is roused he is apt to snap at both sides. It was a very good joke for Mr. Smith to strike an impressive attitude and observe tearfully that "Mi-. Howe has done me a cruel wrong to say when before his constituents that I attacked the character o: a man named White at a banquet in my district. I never did anythingof the sort."' "The papers say so," said Mr. Howe. " They do not,' emphatically retorted Mr. Smith. "I would not so trespass upon the forbearance of my guests as to introduce tbe name of the man at a banquet given in my honour," and then he sat down, filled ^to overflowing with really honest indignation. Time went on. Presently the crowded House was entertained by the sight of Mr. Howe bearing a bulky volume of the Register along the aisle. He placed it before Mr. Smith, and that gentleman's face Boon afte •• became overshadowed—for he had attacked White at a banquet, and, the papers had reported it. He had to tell the House so afterwards, and though he did it with a good prace the members laughed, for Ministeis had made a great point during the debate of attacking Mr. Colton for a lap. 3 of memory. 13? FACTS.—-Close confinement and careful attention to all factory work gives the opetstives pallid faces, poor appetitr i, languid, miserable feelings, poor blood, inactive liver, kidneys, <£c., and aS the phjsicians and medicine in the world cannot help them unless they get out of doors or use Hop Bitters. None need suffer if they will use it freely. See 163mwf22 far The best Watch to keep time and stand rough wort Is oue of Wendfs Silver Hte. E. Levers, guaranteed to give satisfaction. To be had at 70, Bundle-street, for £410s. and upwards. Especially recommended for Bushwork. Botheram's Silver Levers, £6 each. MSnnrfe 