[?] CHAPTER XIX.— (QoBxrisnjm)? As these ?wild words rushed like .a torrent from. his lipa, the practised coquette failed for once to control fcerf eelinsra. The uEuaily cold; heartless, calculating syren felt mastered ; yej; she jieid'eil ampacitiy, tnowmgly, determmately nowi Her eyes swam; oblivious, fprgetful of anght bat present desires of lovejo! eoBqiiesti of reronge, (she eagerly sought the brink ot that irrevocable abyss over which honour and principle, Social anil domestic obligations-, ate o£ttisaes Tutfclesaly buried. It is so pure hearts are won ; but was this a heart to ivin ? They were sitting, as men tiiiEed, in an aieovfe of the reception room, on a double settee, which halE hid Mt. Burte from HSfe 'watchful portioii of the company-; thus, as his right ar*n readied oter the side nearest Mrs. (Grey, he could, without notice, take her hand in his. It was a 8flla.ll, delicate, taper-fingered hand, and its pressure was soft and love-inspiring, responding to his touch. ' Oh, 'go now,' she said at length, witi» a return of her accustomed caution. ' We attract undue attention — we have the eyes of the room fixed on Us, please leave me now.' * Your mere wish, is law ; but first promise to let; me accompany you home, Mrs. Grey/ * That all defends. I am not mv own mistress. you know; but be in the verandah when the party breaks up, and in any case remember to call to-rnarrow a3 the first day of your probation,' ehe added archly, as he moved away. * Madge, what on earth do you mean by corner ing yourself up here all night with Mr. Burke ?' asked her husband approaching1 ; ' have you no corainon seiise ?' ' Well, you see, my dear, as I always said, these ercole ladies are as jealous of me as can be, and all because I monopolist the attractive Mr. Burke. Mrs. JeSfers, in particular, is furious, sent a most impertinent message to say bo just liow; oh, I have had such fun about it/ She must have exercised a wonderful mastery over lier aroneed susceptibilities in this calm reply, for in no facial expression did she betray heir feelings. ' Tour usual confounded tricks,' returned the pleased husband, proud of his wife's superiority to those of his own colour ; ' but you'll go too far, 1 am afraid, aad get us into some more internal ecrape her« than we seem, to have escaped.' ' Too iar, George ; how do you mean ?' ' Oh, bother ! you can gaess what I mean ; yoa ?will fall is love or something with some of these jackanapes of the garrison — not but that you inight, perhaps, be a good riddance,* he added, jestingly^ « if only I could manage a decisive case for the court/ How foolish you are, George; but you know ?our motto, 'eacn. to the end of their own tether;' liow I want to stretch to the estreme of mine thie evening. I ?want to walk home and to take Mr. Burke's arm ; it will be a grand triumph to wind -np with on this occasion of our reinstallation in (official society— have you any objection ?' At first her lord and master did not condescend to answer — not from astonishment at the nature of the proposition, for, had she asked leave to go through the ceremony of marriage with his Excel lency the Governor, he would have acceded — from ?custom. But, for the first time in hie married career, George Grey had not liked the too great earnestness of hie wife's manner, which, a shrewd glance as he approached the salon from the verandah, had enabled him to take in. However, a 'scene ?* with his d'uti:ul wife he abhorred ; he therefore reluctantly grunted compliance with .her strange request, aiid resumed his position iiear a band of politicians, determined to in gratiate himself thoroughly with the govern mental party, and to arrange the issue of the agency shares without. further delay. Meantime cur unfortunately misguided subal tern had joined that now accustomed group which 'clustered ne.au Madeline whenever sha appeared in public, like bees around an aromatic* shrub. *JL'heir constant flattery and never-ending corbnii SnentB would have turned au head of an ordinary ?belle ; but all bucU f ulsomeness was lost, upon .Madeline, who was in a state of mind oscillating painfully between petulant self-abasement and exalted loyalty towards her unworthy lover, 'i'hus her temperament and conduct varied with the occasiou ;- at times gloomy and morbid, to the point of despair; and, again, elated aad cheerful, to tue extreme of hilarity. Just notr eae was la ier exuberantly joyous mood, and her sparkling animation called for sympathetic expressions of adulation, eweet and gratifying to her ear. Not 'that Madeline was v&iri;, exacting, or coquettish ; but what girl of her age is wont to withstand the incense of enthusiasts, or can utterly discard the Votaries at the shrine of their beauty P Most acknowledged belles would have improved the occasion by singling out some one upon whom especially to impress the charm of their presence j but Madeline had no thought of buc'q vain con quests, or even of innocent badinage. One ther6 was present in the room who had foolishly conceived ideas of a different nature in. this respect, who had almost convinced himself that the young lady was unworthy and heartless in thus courting the admiration so liberally offered her. Captain Seagrave had even taken the liberty of ieeturing Madeline lately; not, indeed, in a directly personal mamier, for his re inarks were tinged with recollections of hjs. rival, but sufficiently apropos to point the moral of his speech. * ' You v.-jsh to . know my idea of flirtation, Miss Barrett/ he had said on the last occasion of their meeting in public ; ' well, negatively I shall re ply, it is not the natural enjoyment of each other's society— not frankness or cordiality of manner — Hot 6vb'n a certain show of regard ana interest it is the wilful misleading of another aS to our feelings, the raising of delusive hopes, which we are prepared deliberately to annul, the sacrifice of what may be the whole life's happiness of a fellow-creature to a despicable self-love/ * Oh ! come now, Captain Seagrave, how in tensely severe are your sentiments; they are wortliy of TiiptJer, or whom do you quote ? But please do not look at me in that dreadfully judicial way, a3 if you thought me one of the wretched species you arraign. 1 really believe you think I am !' * I would consider myself above suspicion if I ?were you,' he hsd replied almost rudely ; * one is always lowered in the opinion of others, who is lowered in their own/ There was neither justice nor reason in such a remark, for it wag not that Madeline ttas above iaspieibn^by ijife rfj&p; avoidance of the act, b'iif; absolute indifference had hitherto prevented her ttohi perceiving the' advantages to be derived firbm firipra viiiij an occasion. She had, their^f ore, felt hurt and annoyed at the. tone of this rebuke, coupled with the reminiscence pi his suppressed tfSdiiiStion at Casfcabar ; bui, as his definition of flirtation occurred to her mind now, it had jaet t£e SonEraiy effect, for seeing her stern Mentor close by* she rather essayed to merit his unjust impressions. But in this first attempt she was destined to ignominious failure, inasmuch ,as her eelection of a victim was very much misplaced in Jack Burke, still trembling under the excitement of success, and almost insensible to passine events. All this time an unusual etir was apparent in the room. Whence it arose, now it progressed, or what its ultimate object might be, was not so clear ; nor could one define' exactly the transition stage from murmur and dis&EtiffiacCibii; to out spoken rebellion and downright mutiny. The secessionists, from the principles of tea and talk, 'were evidently in the ascendant to-night; and the select circle of gossioers, as well as the more ftalwfttt squares of local politician^ gradually gave way before the. light- hearted attacks of the 'i'erpsichorean band. The manoeuvred of their leader would _iave,'§fon_ £he admiration of the asta test tactician ; for,- when1 t&e; final blow was struck, m gerreaaer at discretion ?cfes the only resource left to £he perplexed scdft circumvented llOSt. .... ? . - .-. . ' ...:. .? * Well, if you must have' dancing, Mrs. Barton, and H-e young; la€iBa\ar6 fiosglffwSled.aU I have to say is,- tiros ends my h'o'Sos ?6f Hqnly floating 2^{ct cousin's Agraoy Company i&n;!gh^ or **#n tiif^sSteion/' ?? -: ?'-??? --': ?? ????-?.- '.c'±*-j-.5;'vi,; ir -VJOD.V XjBur, sir npnry; are fltws^iRniBs tjobib^ nnoi uMiui in a .tniuisfceriai .;{:?i$iB-f ? Oiuyjienr llgbfcB Jae ieus to your vio ws, and I ts^l eu^BTon^ t^JOBprgS? tfatfta gg aalyll^CTrjtb^JrtBffirt^' yjw jnfetftiofiy Aadj ftiiiin* ^umeafe mmMai4»vaSi jjtflj 1.^'^ B&JHifJC; JiTiJ ' ' '?' ' ' ??? :'* '???'* '??'? ?' ; ? ' '- 'r'' ': ???'?? ? '?;'-- ??'?''' ';- ?''-?-:y#; '-. ' ' By smiles, Mra. Bstrton ; nothing less would become you/ * Ah— well, yo.u eonfient, at ail events, to l«t us dance. Sir Henry ? So now to startle the nerves ©f your veteran reunionists/ and with a merry laugh Mrs. Barton glided to the piano, and, glancing with a malicious twinkle round lie room, swept the preliminary chords of the ' Spirit of the Ball/ ' Disperse !* exclaimed Madeline to the gay throng around her. * Disperse, g-entlemen, and assist in clearing the room as yoa see others are doing ; scatter our enemies — confound their poli tics ; but do you retaaia, Mr. Burke, I do so lika to dance with you — come, let us be off/ There was nothing for it ; and in another mo ment the pair, with many others, were floating round the room to the utter discom&tura; of the routed social reformers. . ' Why, what can be the matter with you, Sir. Burke.? you are quite distrait this evening/ Raid Madeline offeadediy, as they checked themselves in an. alcove of the room, v/here Captain Seagrave stood looking on. ' I declare/ she went on up hraidingly, ' yon have actually reaiained upwards of a minute catching your brestb, without offer ing a single coiapiiaient on raj performance ; don't you notice that we have danced down every one in tbe room ?' . Poor Burke had gone through the gyratory motions unconsciously. Had hia partner's physi cal powers endured, he might still be whirling along at a racing pace. His thoughts were else where. ' Have we, indeed !' he returned absently ; ' but where has she gone? all ! that fellow again !' * Where has who gone ? What are you think ing of, Mr. Burke ?' * Thinking, was I ? I meant — tliafc is, the room is oppressively hot; doa't you feel it so, .Miss Barrett ? How eau you put up with 60 indifferent a performer ?' ' The idea of gsntlemen fishing for compli ments I You depreciate yourself to no good, Mr. Burke, or do I ' wilfully miajead you as to my opiaion ?' Am I ' raising in your uiind delusive notions ' of your superiority when 1 declare that you are the best dancer in the room ? — not ex c?;iting your redoubtable friend beside us,' she quoted facetiously, and glancing coyly towards liii;;. ' What infatuation. ! what incredible perver sion 1' murcaured Jack Barke unheedingly. * Bj Jove, they're off !' and these words, exclaimed aloud, could no longer be misinterpreted, for Madeline saw with astonishment that the couple, whose evolutions had so distracted her partner's attention, were none other than Mrs. Gray and Mr. Mortimer \Thitlington. ' That gentleman has never yet been introduced to me/ she quietly observed, 'although I believe he has been several times to call at the rectory. How exquisitely well he dances ; better tliau you, Mr. Burire, far better, and, as you complain of the heat, I shall finish this dance -with Mr. Grey ;' so saying, Madeline quitted him, and in another moment she was lost in the cloud of waltzera, leaving Mr. Burke etill staring1 vacantly and muttering his amazement. * And it is scarcely half an hour since I pledged myself body and soul to her, and she swore she disJiiied, much less could encourage that man ?' ' Eh ! Burke, what's the matter, old man ?' asked hie friend, drawing near ; ' come away- out of this turmoil, it is no place for us ; all is vanity and vexation of spirit/ ? By Jove, I think you are right, Seagrave ; life's s mistake, and there's no truth in woman kind ; let's go at once before I change my mind/ CHAPTER XX. FEISKT JLATBONS. Dr. Pitzjame3 announced his intention of re turning to England. In doing so, he made no secret of hi3 resolve to go first, and make appli cation for leave afterwards. ' But I cannot be a party to so monstrous a divergence from practice/ remonstrated Colonel Blrington, when this email but mighty medical officer, bruited the subject at mess one evening. ' Eeally,v doctor,- you should have more regard for the decencies of military life, to say nothing of respect for the Queen's Regulations, than to as sert your absolutely mutinous purpose so delibe rately, joking apart, I shall ba delighted to forward at oncei and strongly, recommend, your application for leave of absence to the proper quarter, rather than see you 3y in the face of all anthority/ ' But, my dear colonel, I never was more serious in mv life. This nia.ee has become odious to me. and I can no longer endure existence in it. The women, too, are curdy ; no daisy, buttercup, rose and honeysuckle freshness about them to brighten me up ; eo I mean to go home by the very next colonial steamer, overdue already, by the by. Xt won't be the first. occasion, however, that I presumed to burst the bonds of red tapeism. Liateh, you youngsters, to the facts of a case in tsoint and ex uno dice oinhesS The doctor was always very punctilious in as serting the 'facts of any case he chose to com municate, even when they ran counter to his position. ? ' I protest, Fitzjames, against thia use of your ' experiences ' to undermine our discipline. Se riously, 1 cannot allow unbecoming language to be used at the mess-table, even in joke/ cried Colonel Elringfcpn, only recalling the last edition of the doctor's feminine experiences. „ t 'Oh! do let ui have his e tory, colonel; it won't do us the least harm,' pleaded a subaltern. . ' Surely he may talk shop now that the doth is o2 the table/ remarked Captain: Helden. ' 2s either love nor the peerage are in it, so we shall not suffer in temper of morals/ argued Cap tain Baiioh, who was dining; at mess to-night. ? Then I suppose T r.iasfc grant a reluctant con Bent to Hear how ''~ coaeh.-and-ibur was driven through an Act of Parliament. I don't know ?what's coining; but I'm puzzled to think what good it will do' us all,' laughed the colonel. ' However, so long as women keep out of his stories, we can hear them with pleasure and profit/ . : ' Sow, -doctor, we axe all attention,* cried seve ral young officers. 'Well, you have all made much' ado about nothing ? this, is the sum total of what I naye to tell. 1 once determined to quit a foreign station rather suddenly, and on arrival in London I re ported myself personally to the Director-General. ?'What brings you here, sir?' he said jSngrily, still holding my card in ids iiaiid SsdA .fieepiiig' his eye on' it: 'To get. my hair cut/',J..said, saucily enough, I must confess ; btifc the' fellow's beastly kauiewr iraa so Aggravating. The chief looked up.savagely, and Si that timB I bad & fiae crop- of ^dlSen curia, which enviouB .^eopl«!ioallea a f .gaudy ..mat/? *'~&6 it would -«eem,-sS/,' lie S&id;, vffl^r^ Sfira^: Sato;i, ?fit^Jaugfiter, ^'an3 « yoi»^iandBci^' is. ,;of equal prodigious growth.^* He iiad jMs- jd)ce- *otf sto&?biifcW ': gate my. leave, aiid io I -fenMl fiowl Faugh 1 there cccoa !,. iViio pbuicf iolerate .sa^L -mIeMy; pn toacheiby Sfe Fi^jor litftan to t^i&mbtooaopB; in the trenches keep up an inoessant clamour from sunset until late into the night. * Let's have the f roga' ohoruB/ suggested young Burke mischievously, 'well knowing ic -would, send the doctor pirouetting roind the room in dis traction, * ril give the key-note/ And immediately did this grave assembly be take itself into a hideous polyphonic imitation of croaking, reproducing the sounds very eimply by the words ' port wine, port wine/ followed quickly by 'sherry, sherry/ This part eong, excellent in itself, w^s extremely grotesque in its eif«ct apon Dr. Fitzjamea; aud the absurdity of the scene becanse all the more apparent when sud denly were espied; at the open door of the ineBS room, the grinning features of Dr. Whitmore and the sneering visage of Major Catherwood. They were in their travel-stained serge suits ; but tte lattsr's gaunt figure recalled the fact oi his late illness and ensured for hi:u a hearty welcome. * Coiae in, just as you are/ cried Colonel Elrins; toa * the dishes have a?Jv this moment baen re moved j you have arrived ?unexpectedly, aad oar iolly bas been rightly caught out. I was under the impression yoa intended a longer stay in the bush, Oath er wood/ * Weil, the fact is/ said the major, advancing, 'it was the frogs' chorus drove us out oi tha backwoods, aad it is rasher hard lines to be grestsd by it on return to civilisation. However, for my part, T snali chanuo it a;;ain ; t-'ua toad's croak is preferable to tbs vile noise yoa f-3iiow3 reaas-ge to get cut of Hurke'a melody, i have only come back for a day or two/ k-* added, turn ing again towards the colonel, ' and a.tcer settling one or two little matters, I am going to Etriiie another line, Barbice wards/ * You can join Seograve's parly then, major. He and our mutual asquaintancs, Whitiington, intend starting in a few days on a fortnight's cruise to that part of the world/ ' 3fo, I go alone this time, my object being to inspect the detachment for one thins — unless you will condescend to accompany me, Fitzjames, ex-ofu-Ao.' * No, thanks, I have bad quite euoiis;li. of the perils and abominations of interior travelling; that fatal maelstrom on the ilassarooni sickened me with Guiana for ever — recollections oi that day will haunt me for tnan3r a year. Only within the last few hourc/ added r.he doctor in low tones to Colonel Elringson, 'hsive I learned from Sea gravo that poor Lyons was connected with early friends of mine ; would that 1 souid have saved him for their sakes ! It pains uie to think that, on the contrary, I risked luy life for that awfully frisky matron, Mrs. Grey ! It was lite sinking my capital in the swindling concern her husband has lately started/ 'Esther strong language surely, doctor ! why, I thought you were as friendly in that quarter as myse- Ii'/ ' Tes, yes, I was, I was, . I admit ; but my dear fellow, tliere'e a limit to all tilings, and for my part I cannot stomach the very evident Eefc that painted Jezebel haa made on our young friend here, and he is an established tatae cat already. She will bring him to grief in that character, I'll be bound ; a manly, fins, generous youngster, rude and rough tiiough ho be/ The Colonel was silent for a moment, seemingly puzzled hy the bearing of this speech on his own i'oregone impresaiona ; it evidently tad, however, some reacting effect on his present conduct, for he now spoke in more hearty accents then hejiad used of- late in his intereoursa with the doctor. ' I have promieed to take my wifa to-night to the Rectory/ he eaid. ' Seagrave and Whitliug ton are dining there, and there will be some muGical frisode besides. Will you join us, Fitz james ? I know you like to hear Hiss Madeline perform — and of course the Barretts will be glad to see you/ ' I shall be delighted. I know no more charm ing place to spend a quiet even than the Eec tory/ Major Catnerwood overheard the remark.-' * May I accompany you both. ? I, too, intended going to the Eecfcory this evening, only we got in eo late. I am commissioned with a message to Miss Baxratt, and I should like to deliver it at onoe, i£ you will wait till I have finished my meal and made some change of dress/ , To this proposition Colonel Elrington of course acceded. 'Bat/ said he- 'you have not yet told us where you have been, or what you managed to sea on your travels. Had you no adventure P' ' Wa hail from a spot some considerable dis tance eonth of Castlebar/ returned the Major, carelessly, 'bat as to what wo saw when we reached our destination, that, Z think I must, leave to Wbitmors to explain ; he pretends to understand it; I do not/ ' Did you come across the dreaded ' Didi/ the long-haired bushman that haunts the interior ; or was it the ghost of Ealeigli you encountered, WMtmore ?' asked Captain Helden derisively. ' We met mtn nothing so unsubstantial. We only visited, a colony of corpses/ returned the doctor drily. ' This is no time to enter on the subject ; at all events, let me eat a morsel before I unfold the awful tale. We have been living on rubbiua f or the last month or more., and as for Bass — ' A foaming- tankard at his lips choked further utterance. 'Well, Colonel/ said Major Catherwaod, 'if yon'xe not in too great a hurry, I don't -nlnd describing our adventure. I can tell the story in a trice. A day er two after the last of our picnic jiarty disapp^aiea, Whitmore .and £ deter mined ?_ to . carry . out .the Original idea of visiting the Big Falls; but while we were h^sltS^i* izl our choice of a rivfer as our up-courittynigiiway, a aiysieriouB Indian pSered, for a conDideration, to take us to Ms village on a creek,- an off-Shoot of the Esseguibo, to iritness tfio process of the wourali poison manufacfciire, and to see their Peaiman ' ' cbarm the kanaima,' ?whatever that might mean. We were three weeks paddling-,up sfeream feeBrewe'reacheathe settlement, and it -was only after muck 'tip- ping/* in the shape ef powder and trinkets, that wejrore admitted to -witness the cerdmonyi ench as it was — a disgtistiiig process into which. I dare not now otifief ; but I need ^eiarc^ljr tell you that a trough of paiworie to drink formed a leadkij? feature of the ontertaiiunent. We were seated On low stools, carved to reni-eient a-riiinais' -wit-.hiTi a charmed circle i formed by 15 or 20 naked savages, dancing like dervishes, who made the welkin, ring -with their hideous .yells, while one or two, more- demented than the rest, flogged. *ach* others legs and, backs with Bupple- jackB, 'to , raise tfie ateam/' I suppose. After tbie, three wretched creatures, daubed all over WifsETjad plaint; came forward and squatted down on 1Xi& ' ground in front of us, haying, calaDSShieS, fall of'^me intoxicating fluid, no doubt, in their hands. These they drainld aiSbnt midnight amid greal; itoise and fcorn-blowing, ,.¥ and . immediately -th«ir- arms dropped limpy :jby :ijieir, sides; and sll thr^fe *umbteo;fla-iOB fiifeir bkc^; S§rif tfi|f fiinij €vtt touch the boaieB; aaid we ?fonnduthemi I mnefc B»y'i -»ld ^oTatumyjaH respi^oft fiuspendfea ?^Hff,-/' . . '? . *''' t ' ?\i~^~\'i -'? -.1 ~-, Su^Ll^''''-'-'-^. J--^-tV ? ? '? ? ' ' '?-?' ' ' ' ''' ? ?' 