Ifitata, WHEN WE TWO PARTED. By SARAH DOUDNEY, Author ef ' A Woman's dor/,' &c.; When we two parted In silence and teats, Eall broken-hearted To sever for years.— Bvson. INTRODUCTORY. Chapiee. L— The Beginning of the Vjsud. There was just wind enough to sway the lilac plumes, and swing the golden tassels of the laburnum; and lilac and laburnum had been tossing their blended blossoms before Zoe Delmont's eyes all day. She was lying in the so-called sick chamber pi the College, one of the pleasantest rooms in the large boose ; bat she hated the pretty hangings and aeat furniture, and loathed the sight Of those flowery boughs, always waving at the open window. 'It's all sickening,' she whined, in her fretful tone. 'I want to get np and go miles away.' Another girl, sitting patiently by the bed side, rose, and gently arranged the pillows. ' Where do you want to go, dear V she asked, in a soft, womanly voice.' 'I don't know; X wish you wouldn't ask stupid question?. If I could have a thorough change, I'm sore that I should soon get quite strorg. It is this dreadful sameness that wears me out, and makes me SX. I'm tired to death of all the dull ways of this bouse, and the trcak tea, and the thick bread-and-butter. I want to see fresh places and fresh people, and lose this horrid feeling of being always walled in.' Kathleen Ketherdale gave a little sigh. She was ocly sixteen, and not burdened with any great weight 6f premature wisdom and experience ; but she knew enough to be certain that Zoe never would lose that feel ing of being walled in. To the end of her days she would go on bruising herself against invisible limits, sighing after impossible de lights, seeking vainly and wearily for that unattainable thing called satisfaction. It was this knowledge which filled Kath leen's eyes with that look of street pity, and softened her voice when she spoke to the restless girl by her side. Their schoolfellows had all gone ont into the afternoon sunshine, and were disporting themselves, each in her own fashion, in the rich buttercup meadows near the house, Bat Kathleen chose to sit, as she bad often sat before, beside the bed in the sick chamber, devoting herself with un failing patience to the task of soothing its fractious occupant. What was the secret of this devotion? The other girls never ceased to wonder at it, and talk over it among themselves. They could not understand the strong fascination that helplessness and suffering exert over some natures. Kathleen was liked ; but she had sacrificed a great deal of her popularity on the shrine of her romantic friendship. To be thoroughly popular one must have leisure to win all hearts : Kathleen bad no leisure— her idol absorbed her, body and soul. Zoe, moaning for very weariness, turned awsy from the light, and then moved her bead back into the old position. She was sick of the laburnum and lilac, it is true, bat she was equally sick of the stupid little land scape in water-colors, framed and glazed, and hanging on Che wall. She had been told the history of that land scape ; it was the creditable performance of a model pupil, and she hated it. She was not a model pupil, and her performances were seldom creditable ; the drawing master shook his head over her impossible trees and croaked spires; the music matter patiently placed thoie helpless little hands on the keys, and yet they would strike wrong chords. She knew herself to be a failure, and did not want to hear that anybody else was a success. 'Open the window wider,' she said, pettishly. ' I want to see more sky. How I do wish that those boughs were all cut away !' Kathleen obeyed, and the other followed her movements with a half mournful half envying glance. ' You are very healthy,' she sighed. ' I think it is vulgar to be strong. Aristocratic people are generally delicate ; I shouldn't like to have your red lips, and rosy milk-maid cheeks.' Her friend's temper was quite unruffled by this little outburst of spite. Zoe was privi. leged to say rude things ; there was nothing that her faithful companion would not endure from the fragile creature she bad taken into her warm heart A soft breeze swept suddenly in through the open window, bringing a rush of fra grance and scattering a few stray petals over the bed. There was such refreshment in its breath that the sickly face brightened & little, and the fretful look vanished for a moment. ' You mustn't abuse the poor old lilacs, dear,' said Kathleen; 'they are very sweet.' 'Sweet!' echoed the other, scornfully. 'Ton should go through, the gardens and conservatories at Oakenhurst! I dare aay you bave never seen any but the commonest Sowers! What a life I shall have when Oakenhurst comes to me !' 'Isn't it almost too delightful to dream Of V Kathleen asked. 'Why shouldn't I dream of it? Uncle Wade has no nearer relation than I am, and yon know that we went to see him but Christina*, papa and I. Oh, it is lovely at Oakenhurst; rich people have no winter. I wonder that mamjua could ever have left such a place.' ' She left it to marry your father.' 'Well, it was very silly, and Uncle Wade never forgave her. But he has forgiven papa, and be was quite affectionate to me. He seemed dreadfully feeble, and had a bad cough. Hurse says that old men often have bad coughs lust before they ale.' Kathleen was a little disturbed at thehawJ ness of tbe tone. She gave a questioning look at the speaker's face. ^^ It was a delicately-cut face, and (he fea tures were small and regular ; but the softly rounded outlines of youth were wanting, and the extreme paleness was unnatural. The hair was dark and smooth ; the eyes, light blue, were shaded by dark lashes, and it was in those sad eyes that the charm of the face was found. They bad a strange expression of seeking, of asking mutely for help or love. Sometimes when tbe pale lips said cruel things tbe eyes bad another language— the true language, perhaps, of the aooL It was this look that always had an irresistible power to draw Kathleen to Zoe'a side. It wax one of those involuntary confessions of weakness which » stronger nature, if it have a touch of divinity, will sever fail to answer and n&dersta;&d;, Kathleen was wen acquainted with the history of Zoe's vast expectations, but to her they seemed vague dreams. It was impos sible to «egard the poor little invalid as an heiress ; and yet more unlikely things had come to pass. A. hundred times the whole school has been told that Zoe's dead mother was the neice of the great Mr. Wade, of Oakenbimti Mr. Wade was a self -made man, unmarried, and intensely proud of himself and bis posses, slons. His orphan kinswoman (educated at his expense) became the mistress of his house, and his favored and petted companion. Not one word did he ever say about the disposal of bis wealth ; but Hilda Wade, flittered and caressed on all sides, persuaded herscll that the bulk of his property would certainly come to her, and imagined, too, that she was indis pensable to bis comfort. Then came Mr- Delmont's proposal, and tbe suitor, frowned npon by the uncle, was encouraged by the niece. He was handsome and well-bred, bat poor. It was an old, old story ; the girl, carried away by a wave of stroEg feeling, cast prudence to the winds, and married him in the belief that she would be speedily forgiven. But rcen of John Wade's type are not easily moved to forgiveness, and Hilda found the doors of OsfeenhuKt closed against her for ever. It was sot a happy marriage, but it would have been unhappier still if Mr. Delmont's temper bad been less perfect. There were only tee a?hes of an extinguished passion on the hearthstone of Hilda's home ; her senti mental emotion bad soon burnt itself ont. She fretted perpetually for the luxuries she bad lost, and wasted her feeble strength in bewailing the great mistake of her life. It all ended soon after the baby came. The mother's wail ceased, but the child took up the moan ; and Mr. Dclmont found himself left with the fragile little girl who was so like poor Bilda in all her looks and ways. Lonely ar-d soircw-stricken as be was, he derived much real comfort from a cheerful companion. One of bis neighbors was an old college friend, a man of sunny temperament, and considerable intellectual power. Poor Delmont, cosscions cf bis ovn inferiority, was heartily grateful to this comrade of happier days, and clcrg to him for support ecd guidance. Eenry Nctterdale was a widower like his self. Both were poor; Mr. Ketherdale, a hardworking curate, wss straining every nerve to educate a son and daughter ; and so it came to pass that Zoe and K-.thieen became friends, and were sent to the same school. ' Why are yon looking at me ''demanded the sick girl, with a quick little frown. 'I suppose you thidk Uncle Wade will live lovpir than I shall? Bet he won't, I'm gettfsg stronger ard stronger every day; papa s&ys; my health is woncerf ally improved. You always make me feel worse when yon fix your eyes on me in that strange way. I don't like your eyes ; they are too big and bright, like the weir's in Bed Riding Hood.' ' Shell I go awaj ?' Kathleen softly asked. ' Ho, co, no, stay with me, K&thie; ; I am going to sleep, You know that lean never do without you.' This w&s; said with the old pathetic look of entreaty ; and Kathleen felt a pang of pity for her of which Z?e had no conception. With all the romantic yet genuine love of her girl's heart, she sat and watched her sleeping companion. There is always some thing touching in sleep ; something that dis arms resentment, and appeals dumbly against blame. Zoe slept deeply and sweetly; the delicate features, now perfectly at rest, locked as if they were sculptured in marble ; tbe sicklinees and fretfolnesB bad given place to ictesee repose. It seemed almost a pity that she thonld ever wake up and begin again brr fractions little life in the everyday world. In sleep Zoe was qnite beautiful ; awake, her face sometimes assumed a malevolent ex pression, which made the girls say she had the lock of a witch. It was a fleeting look ; but even Kathleen had seen it, and was haunted with it longer than she liked. It was the last time that she was ever to keep watch by Zoe iu that quiet room. The morrow would bring changes to them both and open a great gulf between the two young lives; but no presentiment of parting troubled her simple heart. The flowery branches strayed on, casting flickering shadows over the bed; there was a sweet whieper of leaves and blossoms, a twitter of birds, and a toft murmur in the air. To Kathleen it seemed as if the whole chamber were filled with summer and peace. Next morning everybody in the college knew that something had happened. The lady principal had cone herself to Zoe Del mont's own room, carrying a letter and look ing just a shade lets composed than usual. The girls were full of curiosity ; Kathleen, a little startled and anxious, crept up to the Ecgiish teacher with a whispered question. ??There Is no bad news,' Miss Mervin anwercd with a reassuring smile. 'Mr. Delmont is coming by-andby. It seems than an uncle is dead, and Zoe inherits a fortune.' *' Her dream ha: come true !' cried Kath leen in a tumult cf delight. Mr. Delmont was expected to arrive in the afternoon. The morning wore away, and then came the play hour. Full of eager joy Kathleen hastened to join her friend, and met her coming downstairs leaning on Miss Mervin's arm. 'lam so happy, dear,' said the worship per, flushing with gladness, and holding out both bands. Zoe drew back a step and slightly tossed her head. ' I don't know why you snould rejoice ; my affairs don't concern sou,' she said in a clear, cold tone. Kathleen stood still, her lips apart, her blight youeg face almost colorless, The heiress passed on with a faint flush on her pale cheeks, and a triumphant light in her ej es-. Miss Mervin watched her in silence, Mr. Delmont came and went, and it was scon understood that Zoe was to leave tbe college and go to Oakenhurst, there to finish her education under tbe care of a gover ness. She remained only a fortnight longer smocg her schoolfellows, holding herself proudly aloof from all, and pointedly avoid leg Kathleen. 'My old friend Delmont has got a thousand a yesr for life,' wrote Mr. Netherdale to his daughter. ' I suppose you are wild with joy about Zoe's fortune. Ho doubt she will want you to spend all your holidays at Oakenhorst, but I cannot spare you altogether, my child.' Kathleen read this letter with a bitter little smile, then folded it up and put it away with a long sigh It was noticed that she made no complaints of Zoe to the other girls. Many of them came forward with offers of sympathy, and there was a great deal of strong feeling against the ungrateful heiress ; but Kathleen did not want to be condoled with. People bave different methods of dealing with a shattered idol ; some will stamp passionately upon the fragments and grind them to powder ; others v- ill pick them up and piece them to gether, rod construct a new god out of the rotas of the old ; but Kathleen did neither of these things. She simply left the broken image alone and went her way. She stayed two more years at the college, and spent ber holidays In the curate's home. There were worries there. Ralph, her brother, was not absolutely a bad lad, bnt he was a very troublesome one, and seemed to bave no power of sticking to an occupation. He bad Bohemian tendencies, and declared himself best fitted for the life of a strolling minstrel, roving about the world with a wallet and a guitar. One of bis favorite books was ' Wilbelm Mebter.' Kathleen in ber holidays had been made acquainted with the doings of tbe merry band of wandering players .with whom Wilhelm bad oast in bis lot, and rather wondered at ber brother's taite. She was a sober-minded girl, and could not appreciate the daring fun of Pbilina and I«ertes; and even the wild Brace cf MigEon failed to charm her fancy. She loved Balph dearly, bnt although be was stvtral years older than herself she could not look op to him. la her opinion be was more than half a child in spite of his manhood. While K&lph; dreamed and sang and twanged accompaniments on divers stringed instruments his bills came in to Mr. Nether dale, and the curate's heart sank within him. And when Kathleen, at eighteen, said a final goodbye to school and took her place as mistress at home she found her father a changed man. He was tot soured nor hardened, bnt sad dened and auieted to the last degree. His hair had turned rapidly from brown to silver ; bis tall figure bad acquired a slight stoop; be walked as if he carried some invisible burden (bat could never be laid aide. With bis flock he was more popular than be bad ever been before; and his preaching was attracting a great deal of attention. The change that was so noticeable in hlmielf had pasted into bis sermons ; be bad always been a good preacher, but cow he had risen to eloquence. His pleadings were more im passioned; bis warnings more earnest; hia words of consolation bad taken a deeper toae. What was the secret of this change ? Balph bad vexed and sorely disappointed biro, bat letters came frequently, saying that the young man was happy and well. Kathleen did not think that Mr. Netherdale was still firievieg about bis son. Balph had been foolish and thoughtless, but be was gradually paying back tbe money his father bad paid for him. He bad always been one of those lede who find it hard to endure the restraints acd conventionalities of ordinary life, and Mr. Netherdale bad wisely let him take his liberty. ' I am not over- anxious about him now,' he raid, in answer to Kathleen's earnest questions. 'I think it best not to enquire too closely into bis occupation. Someho w he macsjges to gain a livelihood, and I know that be is cot a viatpus*cbafaJB£er»- There is far less evil in him, l£atIe|p,Jl£han in many who bave turned eptjnore medftably. I do -not fear that a&-witl«ver put us to shame. ?ur '-Bnt you have been' troubled ami lonely for a Ioime while, father,' she replied. 'lam gladlbavedone with school. We mart be everything to each other.' There was a faint rirjjr of sadness in her tone. A first wound takes long to heal, and she bad never forgotten the ending of the school friendship, Mr. Delmont still kept up a correspondence with bis old companion, bnt tbe two men bad ceased to meet, and it was prptty well known that Zoe's caprices completely governed her kind, weak-nuoded father. He bad sever in plain words said, that the heiress would sot receive the Setherdales at Oakenbnrst ; bat they knew that she had de creed their exclusion. Her wealth had made ber inexpressibly arrogant ; she had astumed tbe aiis of e queen, demanding homage, ex acting tcrviie obedience from all around her. Humors of her arbitrary and whimiioal ways EometiniFS reached Kathleen's quiet home, and made her think about the Zoe of the old time. And then came news of the sudden death r.f Mr. Delmont, and Henry Netb.erd.ale mcurced for him as for a brother. Chapter It— Under the Yebaitdah; The church bells of HetUeford were ring ing their Sunday afternoon chime, filling the summer air with their deep tones, and silencing for a little while the talk that had been going on under the Wigmore's verandah. Bound about the lawn the Gloire de Dijon roses were opening their rich hearts to the bees; messes of honeysuckle clung to the garden well; the place was flooded with perfume and eunshine. Every house in the old High-street had its garden, and the win dows cf Mrs. Wigmore's back drawing-room opened upon a little paradise of sweets, well kept, and sheltered from prying eyes by thick tfciubs and fruit trets. The verandah was furnuhed with osier chain and rustic tables ; and here the mistress of the home loved to driuk her 5 o'clock tea, and discuss cot.fidet.tial matters with her chosen- friends. She wbb one ot the cosiest little women in the world. To her, men confided their losses and croEEFS ; to enter her presence was to come within the region of armchairB, pleasant bfcVFTBge, and perfect ease and comfort. She was (-mall and plump, with a clear whites kin, iindlj blue 03 es, an undignified little tee?, and smiling mouth. Women csme tc ber with their perplexities, and bad great confidence in ber sagacity; children sought ber as a natural playfellow ; old folks /cued that she understood all their ailments a&d; grievances. She heart cf her husband did safely trust in her ; acd tbe course of Charles Wigmore's wedded life was likely to run smoothly from the altar to the grave. Sot tTcn thtir nearest relations had ever Bmnegco to raise up the ghost of aq-]»rrel se («rren this happy couple. Tfcc mellow voices of the bells had lolled Sir. Wigmore to repose. He slumbered profound ty in bis comfortable wicker chair, &cd; a climbing dog-rcwe shot out an im Ptrtiuetit tendril within an inch of his nose. His wife, with ber feet on a footstool, and I'cr glar.ee roving placidly over the bright little lawn, was thinking how good it was to live. l'he third chair, in close proximity to her o«r-, was occupied by her brother, Ciptain Bofworth. ' Yon are in one of your day-dreams, Darcy,' she said, suddenly touching his shoulder. *' Come, ronse up, and tell me Star thoughts. You know I always like to pr« into tbe depths ©I your dear old mind.' ' There are eo depths,' he &nswered;, look it-gut her with a smile that; made a likeness bftwef d them. But tbe resemblance wasorjy in expression, tot in feature; bis Greek cose clalued no kinship with her pretty little snub; his eyes, although bine, were of a deeper color than fcfrs. She had always declared it was a sb&n-A; tbat tbe boy should be the beauty of bin family. 'J)ott't pretend to be shallow,' she cried, abskJEg ber head at him, ' Never try to put ice off sich soy of your fashionable shams ; I won't have you assamieg man-of-the-pariod sirs here. Sow what were you thinking about when I touched, you?' ' About a girl's face.' 'How interesting. I guessed that there was a woman on your brain ; I am never de ceived in these cases. 'Sou may safely pour «H your heart-secrets into my willing ear. Charlie is in the middle of his Sunday after. coon nsp, acd nothing ever wakes him — not even a fly en his talented forehead. Go on ; I tm all attention. How long have you been in love?' He laughed quietly. ' Ever since half-past eleven this morning,' he ssjd, in his laziest tone. 'Sae was quite alone, sitting in the corner of a big square pew. I think we had got to the Te Denin when I first caught sight of her hazel eyes.' ' What was she dressed inT* 'Howcanltell? Something that looked cool and greyish, I believe. She wore a buach of scarlet geranium.' 'Kathleen Ketberdale,' said Mrs. Wig more, in a tone of conviction. 'Oar vicar's daughter.' ' The vicar is a lucky man. I hope she is a friend of yours, Nina, you ueed to have the gilt of gathering nice girls around you,' ' Yes, she is one of my favorites, you wil see a great deal of her. The poor child has no mother and comes tome with bar li.ile household worries. But I wish you Bad lcoked at the girl in the next pew. ' I did look at her, but not long.' 'You must bave heard of ber, o! course;' Mrs, Wigmore went on. 'She is cur groat heiress, Miss Delmont. Fifteen thousand a year, and one of the prettiest plaies in the country.' 'Ah, yes; I have beard Warden talk of her; be is the mammon worshipper of our rtpimf nt. I believe he has not succeeded in catching a glimpse of her yet. We must bave him here, Kins, and give hi-a a chance.' Tbe sister v-B&e; a little grimace. ' Yon must have jonr chance firjr/' she raid, lightly. 'Miss Dclmont redly is ua attractive girl, elegant and refined. The drawback is her extreme delicacy ; a great doctor often runs down from town to patch ber up. But that onl; deepens my i&ttroat; in her. '?Good old Kins, you always did take kindly to fickly people,' said Captain Bos worth, with an iadulgent and prorotdag smile. 'Now I have a decided preference for tucTc health, I like red lips, a rouaded form, and an abundance of vitality. My Cartes are of tbe earth earthly. I never aJuiire ethereal charms.' 'I remember,' she laughed. 'Your first passion was for Miss Morris, a fine girl of thirty-five. She came to call once, aud t-mk« the poor mother's pet cane chair. How furious you were when we made sportive re marks on her substantial person !' ' I was justly incensed. She was a charm ing woman. Do not jest about my young affections.' The bells bad come to the end of th*ir chime, acd the afternoon stillness reigned un. broken. Mrs. Wigmore, in her turn, had fallen into a reverie. Gszing abstractedly at a group of white bell flowers, she began to build a delightful castle in tbe air. Darcy married to the heiress and established at Oakenhurfct ;ner ownmanagtng powers constantly called Into play ; the deli cate young wife instinctively turning to the sister- in- law. Her brother broke in upon the tranquil little dream with an abrupt observa tion. ' Niop, I b&ve; made up my mud to go to your flower show,' he said. ' You are a good boy,' she answered, well pleased, ' Miss Delmont will be there. She Ess a paesicn for flowers. Of course, the Ofekenburst gardener aWays takes tbs first prize. You may win ber heart with praise* ot her roses.' 'I'm sot going to flatter ftiiss Kilman segge,' he said, impatiently. '.Let Warden grovel at ber feet if he likes. For my part I can find * metal more attractive.' ' 'So be it,' responded Mrs. Wigmore, with perfect amiability. 'By the way, it is curious that there is an old feud between our heiress snd Miss Ketherdale, It began in their school days, and has never died out.' Here Charlie Wigmore, suddenly waking up, stretched his long limbs, shoos: himself, cxtd tcckbis put in the conversation, 'Kina has got upon the everlasting theme,' be said. 'You cannot spend tea nannies in Nettleford without hearing of the great feud. It is really sickening. Way should we all concern ourselves with a quarrel between two nice girls ? It's in the nature of women to quarrel.' *' But this is not an ordinary woman's quarrel,' N*&\- Wigmore replied. 'It has lasted for years, and it does seem as if some mysterious fatality were always bringing those two girls into collision.' 'Mysterious fatality! When you use fine words, Nina, it is a sign that you are going beyond your depth. What is the mystery . Nothing but the simplest kind of rivalry. Tbe new vicar is immensely popular; his daughter it the prettiest girl in Nettleford ; and Miss Delmont is the sworn foe of popu larity ard beauty. She wants to reiga supreme.' 'The perpetual arrogance of wealth !' s:Id Darcy, with quiet, but intense disgust. 'We must not be too bard upon her,' Mrs. Wigmcre remarked. 'She has always hid ber own way ; ber father was a kind, weak creature, and she ruled him. He died waea she was scarcely nineteen. Her former go veraecs, Mrs. Oasee, lives witfi her ss a com. panion. 'And toady,' added Charlie. 'You shouldn't call names, dear,' said the wife. 'Mrs. Gosse is stoat and placid aud rather lazy, I think ; but not servile.' ' And the Netherdales, did you say that they were newcomers ?' asked Captain Bos worth, 'The vicar seems to be a goad deal above the avenge parson.' ' I should think be was !' cried Mr. Wjjg more. 'He baa only been here twelve months, and the whole parish ia a changed place. People are coming from all parts to near him preach, 'r ' He owes the living to a good sermon,' said Nina, seeing thatDaroy was getting in terested, 'For yeara he bad been working hard as a curate In a shabby little town, when one day a stray earl cb&uced; to hear him preach. The sermon was never for gotten. The vicar of Seltieford died at a ripe age, and then the earl used bis uiflaence on behalf of Mr. Ketherdnls. The living ia worth a thousand a yesr.' 'Kathleen is the only da Jg bier,' continued Charlie, taking up the narrauva. ' There ia a wandering son 3cmes-hsre, 1 believe, but ha doesn't turn up h6re. This tova caa boast Of 5 good many pretty girls, yst there isa't one of them who can be compared with oar new beauty. Upon my word 1 wonder aha has not made a score of enemies ! But Miss Delmont seems to be her only foe.'' 'Her only avowed foe,' said Hits. Wig more. 'Zoe Delmont is perfectly frank. She shows her likings ai d dtelikiag* plainly. Some people are mean enough to smile ia Kathleen's face and sneer behind her back.' ' There always will be people who do that kind of thing ; they are the scum of society,' returned Charlie, with superb contempt. ' But Miss Ketherdale can afford to laugh at them alL' Mrs. Wigmore was always spoken cf as the most amiable of her sex. She could endure, with perfect sweetness, a great many of those daily worries which frequently drlva irritable and over-sensitive women to -ii-str*ctija. Aa ill-fitting dress hardly ruffled her ssreae temper; broken china was ao^pied with philosophy; the blunders of tri-icspsople and servants were borco with uncoaision patience. Ko one knew her good punts better than her brother. Bui while her husband was speaking he -r*s ttsizhlaz her face — watching with, a quiet look of lisnujed expectation, as if he were witting for some thing unusual, which was ouro to c ..mo. It did come ; and he sink btck ia IrU chair snd stroked his moustache to bide s soiib. Just tbe faintest thidosf of aanoji-ico vf 13 visible on Nin&'u features ; her lips wc-re com pressed ; her brows dravm together. 'Kathleen Katherd&'.e is a niaa girl, s,-,i 2, pretty girl,' she sii-i. ' Bat Ciariie over rates her attractions. A' I hn goiaa ari swans ; if he happecs to tabo a f aaoy to a woman, she instantly booomaa a goddess.' 'I took a fancy to sou, my dear, aad yot I never thought you a goddess,' ha Teplied, with a twinkle of fan in his eves. 'Yes, you did,' the answered, Tsitb. a laugh that was a little consiraiaod; ' before you married me.' ' Never.' He quietly gat up from his salt and kissed her. '? Nothing would have in duced me to marry a divinity. Whit I wanted was a pleasant, cosy little woman.' Her good humor came back in an instant. She met Darcy's glsnes and smiled, 'Ah,' ehe cried, shaking a pluoip little finger at her brother, 'be fdPcies he has found out my weak point. He thinks I can't bear to hear another woman admired.' ' He doesn't thick that,' Charlie ans ?ersd for him. 'But he knows that there are cer tain women whose icfla&aee; over as is inex plicable to you. It 13 seldom tb.it a woman who charms men is admired by her own sex ; ycu csay like her, and tvea to bn her closet friend, without ia the least realising her powpr.' 'I Euppcso jou are rJg'aV' aiid Nina, with a pretty air of submission. 'Oaly as Darcy is likely to be here a great deal I don't think it's quite fair to pi ?j ad ice his mind against Miss Delmont. He iias heard but one side of the quarrel.' 'Still harping en that siring,' laughed BIr. Wigmcre. ?' Well, he will hearthe other side scon enough, acd he'll find that there's no end to the story. As to our little heiroes I (JareEay he will like hat fairly well.' ' Indeed, Ch&rlie;, she deserves to be liked.' ' Of course sbe has her attractions. Aud I p sure you there are times when I pity that girl from the bottom of my heart. It seems to ice tbat sbe is always locking about for something to dine to. A man who could win ber love might make her a new creature, per haps ; and jet, I don't knew. She's rather an incomprehensible little woman.' He got up asd began slowly pacing tbe l&wn;, and his wife watched him. with her placid emile. ' Charlie is occ of the kindest of men,' sbe ESid to ber brother. ' The faintest bint of suffering always wakes up his compassions. He really is quite right about that dear Zoe, She wants something strong to rest upon; Bhe is tired of ttandlcg all alone and ruling everyone. I have always thought she would make a most submissive wife.' ' I'll cet Warden here,' remarked Captain Bosworth, closing bis eyes. 'He'a tbe mast accommodating man I know. He'll either rule or be rnled, just as you please. Miss Delmost will be charmed with him.' {Tc be continued.) 