The Two Houses. The Assembly decided last night, by a majority of 07 votes to 20, that noun of the amendments made by the Legislative Coun cil in the Land Bill were an infringement of its privileges. After the bill had been returned to the Upper House with a mefi sage, pointing out which of the amend ments the Assembly disagreed with, Mr. Gaekett moved, as a matter of privilege, That, in connection frith the notion of this House as repards a number of the amendment* made by tha Legislative Council in the Crown Landa Bill, and to which the attention of the Howie was called bj Mr. Speaker upon receipt of the massaga from the LeelB lative Council conveying the said amendment* to this House, in dealing with the amendments to whioh at* tention was called this House in no way, or in. any degree, forgoes its rights, powers, and privileges te originate and retain the control ot all matters of legislation affecting the consolidated r*Teau« and taxation of this country ; bnt simply waives tha said rights, powers, and privileges ontheprnseBtoooaSion on account of the alleged importance to the poblia that the bill referred to should be.broBght intoopa. ration as soon «s possible. 2. That uie abova be eutored in the journals of the House. Had the above motion been carried, the Assembly would have asserted two things — first, that its ' rights, powers, and privi leges ' had been invaded : and secondly, that passing a new Land Bill was of more importance than maintaining the said 'rights, powers, and privileges,' against the interfer ence of the Upper House. These were two peculiar propositions to emanate from Mr. Garbett, who professes to be one of the stoutest champions of the privileges of the Assembly; but most probably the lion, member imagined there was an opportunity to embarrassthe Government, which induced him to submit & motion which he himself did not altogether believe in. He was sup ported by Sir Heset Parkes, which may be taken as another example of the extent to which party feel ing sometimes interferes with common sense. Both Sir Hknsy and Mr. Gabbett made impassioned .appeals to the Assembly last Tliursda}'. night, urging hon. members to protect their privileges ; but the leader of the Opposition was particularly careful not to say that the privileges of the House had been invaded. Sir Hekht has not said this yet, and were he to ? express his real riewa on the matter he would probably contend there lias 'been no breach of privilege at alii He moved that the Land Bill should, be laid aside; not because he thought the amend ments made in it were an infringement of the rights of the Assembly, but because the Speaker told them -fcliey were. . This wa4 id reality the position taken by Sir'HSiriif Paekes; but the House has manifestly not been disposed to agree with either him or the Speaker. So far as regards the hon. member for Tenterfield, this disagreement does not' matter much, as he supported the Speaker more as a party leader than a con stitutional authority. With reajject to the Speaker, however, the disagreement of the House with him is of more significance, and it involves ft mild rebuke which, should not be overlooked by the hon. gentleman. The Assembly has iii two distinct ways practically disagreed with . the views ex pressed by the Speaker with respect to some of the amendments made by the Council. Some of them, at least, he held to be absolute infringements of the privileges of the Assembly. For example, with respect to an amendment in the 52nd - clapjsS, Mr. Barton said: 'Iii iny Views ail alteration hae^been made which should not be allowed by this Hbu^e ;' and the whole tenor of the hon. gentleman's ruling was to the effect that the Council bad gone beyond its powers and that the Assembly should eifchfcT lay the bill aside, cr deal with the amand* meute as breay: ,, privilege. TboHdnse, however, nasdeu. . *kL id adppt either of the courses suggested by the Speafcttv to. th» first place it dealt with the arh^ndmehte solely on their merits, ignoring altogether the idea that they involved ft4y iiit#r., ferSiiee with' iis : righte, 'which was pmqiically disreRarding the advice of «LB Speaker.. This, was, hoisrever, only jet ' negative disagreement - with his ruling; but last night the House went fur tKer, and declared positively that there had Veen no breach of its privileges Ijo prote^; against, and that, therefore, there was no | necessity to pass euch a resolution as the j one submitted by the, ton. member fo£iJ Camden. It is manifest, therefore, either | that the Speaker ?was wrong or that hon. j : members of the Assembly are not so careful , to protect their privileges as they should be ; but, as we have pointed out in previous articles, .there can be no doubt as to who committed the error. All is well that ends well, however, and the slight constitu tional commotion which was caused by Mr. A. G. Taylor's action will not be without its use, if the experience it has given the I Speaker induces him to be more careful in ! future. The mistake he made was no doubt the result of a commendable anxiety on his part respecting the discharge of the duties which appertain .to his high office. l!fo doubt he went a point beyond his functions when he told the House what it could or could not allow; that being a ques tion for hon. members themselves to decide. And, if they have done so in opposition to the Speaker's rulings they disagreed with him in the first place tacitly, and nothing further would have been heard of the matter but for Mr. Gabrett's injudicious attempt to induce the House to protect it's privilege's, although, perhaps, scarcely an hon. member in it really believed they had. been inter fered with. It was a touching and beautiful spectacle to behold Sir Henry Parkes posing as the friend and patron of the Salvation Army. If any^idea of a parallel between himself and his army and Sir John Falstaff and his racked regiment should force itself upon the unconverted mind, it should be rejected with scorn. The armies may b« similar, but the patrons are very different. Sir Henry is among those happy individuals, who bava honour thrust upon them. He had no idea of being distinguished — he never has — but when on arriving in town he saw his name in large letters on a placard, he accidentally looked fur ther and discovered that he had been selected — of course, without his own consent — to lay a memorial stone of the Salvationist Barracks. And he sacrificed himself and the dignity which should have required a deputation aud ' an army with banners ' to wait upon him. With ' the pride which apes humility ' he waited on Colonel Booth and his men, and Obedient Tameu Answered *? Amen,' And did As be was bid. jjut Sir Henry was undoubtedly right, and he is wise in his generation. As there is nothing doing just now in the Orange line of business, it is quite as well to keep oneself to the fore in hallelujahs- Oar great man, too, has a natural sympathy with, ghosts and other matters of a spiritual nature, so that salva&ioaism; is peculiarly in his way. Having identified himself with the Harmy we truet than he will persevere ; and that we may have the pleasure of seeing him as Captain Parkes, leading his company in that beautiful andappropriate regimental chorus— ? I am so wondronsly saved from sin, Je*us «o sweetly abides wit∈, . : I* was doirn at the cross wiiere he took me iu, Glory to His name !' Infanticide occupies a terribly conspicuous place in the contemporary records of crime in Australia, as -well as elsewhere. The Birth-strangled babe. Ditch delivered by a drab 1 is an image which, unfortunately, has not lost its f hastily familiar significance for the readers of, hakespeare, if they also happen to be readers of' auch ' abstract and brief chronicles of the time' as ar« ' famished in the police reports. It is font a short while since the body of an infant was discovered in one of the suburbs, and in a condition which left so doebt that it had been born alive and deliberately murdered. Bat, indeed, hardly a week pasees that some shock ing discovery of a similar kind is not announced. In most of these caseB there is esldom any reason to suppose that more that one agent has been concerned in the particular deed. — the unhappy creature whom sin and aham* have rendered callous to the strongest and purest instincts of woman's nature. Least of all is the man who has wrought her destruction likely to consummate bis infamy in such a way as this. If bis selfishness be only mingled with the slightest prudence, he usually permits her to follow any desperate course she chooses, and takes good care to compromise himself no farther than is strictly necessary. The moral responsi bility which attaches to him is a burthen which can be borne without serious inconvenience, thanks to the truly enlightened and practically Christian spirit of oar civilisation. However, in the perpe tration of the latest horror of the description referred to, appearances point directly at an accomplice, and at a male accomplice too. As will have been seen, the body of an infant was picked up floating in the harbour the other day. There is presumptive evidence that it had been carried a considerable distance from the shore, and dropped in. Two wounds in the skull, and five pounds of sheet lead fastened to the corpse, told a sufficiently plain tale as to the manner of the poor little innocent's taking off.. Whatever be tho mystery which this involves, the fact that the secret of it is not buried in a single breast, inspires some faint hope that a clue to it may yet be obtained. According to the ruling of the Chief Juetiea in Mason v, Watson, a member of Parliament does not incur the penalties of the disqualification elaase in the Constitution Act (section 28) hf entering into an agreement with a contractor under 'which he is to receive a certain fixed sum out of the contractor's profits. In other words, A, being a member of Parliament, may agrea with B, a contractor with the Government, to use Ms influence with the Minister of PabKo Works in order to get B's tender for certain works' acoepted, on condition that he fenall' m- oeiv* from .B a certain fixed sum out of the profits of th« contract. One would suppose that that sore of agreement is the rettr tniSg which the clause referred to was intended to pro hibit. His Honor is reported as follows : — : ' Supposing it vras agreed by Mr. Watson, in so many words, thai fie was to receive a fixed sum, that would not have brought him -within the Constitution . Act at all. If a man agreed to receive a fixed Bum out. of the profits, that did not make him a partner ; it was only a mode of payment. Mr. Watson might have let it appear before the world that he bad made a stipulation of this kind without violating the Constitution Act/* No doubt it was ''only a mode of pay ment,' and the member could net be fixed with the liabilities of a partnership under suck an .agreement. But it certainly was not contem plated by the Cramers of the Constitution that members of Parliament should make stipulations with contractors for the payment of fixed sums out of their profits. That would imply corrup tion on the face of it. The words of the disquali fication clause 'undoubtedly support his Honor's construction, as they simply disqualify members who enter into contract with the Government, 