ZOOLOGIOAL SOCIETY of NEW SOVTHi j WALES. Tho monthly meeting of the coinsnlttee of the Zoological Sooiety of New South Wales was held on Friday nf tornooa at the socioty'B grounds, Moore Park. Tho chair was taken by Dr. Bonnott (prosident), and tbo following gontlemon were present :-Messrs. E. Harcourt (treasurer), W. II. Gillett (soorotnry), A. T. Holroyd, E. Runuay, Walter Bradley, 8. M. Frankland, C. Moon, Janies Inglis, G. Wall, W. Deoumont, und Professor Stephen. Tho minutes of the pieviouB meeting having boon read and confirmed, the treasurer announced that tho bank-book of tho socioty showed a dobciency of £670 11s. 3d. Various aocountB were puased for payment. Tho soütetiiry's roport WHS thon submitted io tho meoling, It was us follows :-.' Tho -ocietaiy has the honour to ro- port that the Parliament of Now South Wales haB vory generously voted for tbo year 1886 a spocial grant to the society of £1000 for tho erootion of buildings and improve- ments to tho grounds, tofjolhor with u vote of £'2000 on the condition of tbe society raising pound for pound. 1 The total reoeipts of the socioty on the 10th Novombur, the day upon which tho Prince of Wales' Birthday was colo bruted, amounted to £180, or double the largest sum the society had ovor taken in one day, viz., Easter Monday. This laigo attendance was probably duo to Iho great temporáneo demonstration, whioh was held at tbo samo timo in tho Agricultural Society's Grounds, and no doubt tho majority of tho people who attended tbo tomporanca mooting woio ontlccd by the Uno aftoinoon, and curionity, to visit tbo Zoological Gardens before going home. The aocioty has recently acquired by purchuse from tho Zoological and Acclimatisation Society of Victoria, a Uno voung fomalo ostrich, wbioh has bi on placed with the mala bird in tboostriebs'-paddook, A young Sumatra Sun bear, 13 months old, has also been purchased. This little animal was so tame that she would lick her late owner's face, and was allowed to run about the house and yard, where she would amuse herself by playing with the dog. It was not considered prudent to put the young bear with the old Sumatra bear, as, on being shown it, she growled savagely at it ; the young one was therefore put into a separate box and placed near the old bear's cage in such a position that they can see one another and become friends. Mr. Alexander Brown, of Newcastle, in redemption of his promise to Mr. James Inglis, has presented tho society with a fine red deer, with horns just budding, so that in a few weeks it will be a very handsome stag. It has been placed in the deer paddock near the bear pit. I havo to report with regret that during the lout fortnight two monkeys havo died, in all probability in coneeiinnnco of the quantity of sweets and injurious substances such as ends of cigars, tobacco, lucifer matches, &o.;, whioh bud beon given thom by tbo public on Saturdays and holidays. Yitf tors to tho London Zoological Gardons aro by notice boards particularly requested not to feed the animals. In tlio ovont of moro monkeys dying foui this causo it will bo uocBBsary oitnor to nave similar uotico boards, or to encloso tho ongos with wiro nottinga to prevent persons from feeding tbo monkeys to repletion. On tho Oth Novombor thfeo (Ino kangaroos woro presented by tho Bocioty lo Captain Ghost, of tho s.s. Zonliiiidiii, who has kindly promised to endeavour to purohaso a grUzly bear or a pair of pumas for tbo society in California. A white kangaroo, which hus been soon in a mob of kanguroos, has also boon promised to tho socioty by Mr. T. Garrett, of Currangnndio Station, if bo and a blackfellow whom ha baa employed for the purposo can oupture it alivo. Mr. Quong Tart has erectnd at his own expenso an addi- tional room to his Chinese tea-house, which has greatly improved it. The executive committee have also given instructions to Mesura. Hudron Di others to oncIoRO tho voronduh nf their rofro'.hmeuf room* with glnes suahos and doors, as tho duätwhichacctuoulalidduringtbo recent windy wenthor made tho place unbearable und spoiled tho provi- sions. The overseer has during the last month made a very fair path with cinders, &c.;, extending from the bear- pit to the elephant-house. The trardons uro looking wall, but would bo very much benefited by a downfall of min. OB owing to tho Fandy nature of tho doll tho beds aro noon dtiod up." Tho following additions have bcon mado to Iho nionugerlo since tho last mooting, vu. :-Ona echidna, prcsontea by Mr. W. Bauoh, of Burrawang ; ono foal (ninlo), presented .by Mr. Seymour, Town Hall ; ono monkey, prosonttd by Mr. II. Gardener, Bolmoro-road, Randwick J ono ton of BUgar-oiino, presented by tho Australian Sugar Company ; one «mall ringtail» d opossum, presented by Mr. i\ C. Lupton, 110, Stownrt-streot, Paddington ; one iguana, presented by Mr. W. Small, 23, ICing-stroot ; ono nativo cat, presented by Mr. P. Durlo, 370, Park-road ; one ditto, presented by Mr. Willinm ColeB, Concord! one frillod lizard and ono brown snuko, acquired by purohuse; ona cobidna, presented by J. II. KO>B, of Ben- galla; two owl*, one red door (mule), presented by Mr. Alexander Brown, of Nowcasllo ; ono nutivo tiger cot, with young one spur-wing plover, proBontod by Mr. J. Rankin, Peebles ; ono hare and ono blun-toDguod lizard, acquired by purobaso; three woidduuks,prcsontod by Mr. Sjdnuy Smith, railway station, Parromutta ; one young kangaroo, pre- sented by the lion. Goorgo Thornton; four guunets, pro seulod by Cnptuin Wheeler; ono English fox (mule), presented by Mr. M. Pounelly, of Lowor Rand- wick; ono paddymelon, presented by Mr. Poter Carter, 391, Cro'wn-stnot, Suny Hills; ono dingo, presented by Mr. Pamuol Purohaso, of Purramotla; ono pair Coreopsis geeso, nnd one th'eo-logged duok, from Java, proBontud by J. M'Minn and Co., 105, Siissox-slrcot ; (breo mongoofle, prosentod by Mr. Edward Wrench; and lim following buvo bcon acquired by purohape :-Twonty pairs of sholI-pairotB nnd one pair or black Oftp-flnchos. í-'evi ral ofhor specimens have also boon added to tho interest- ing collection of animals, &c;, which the " Zoo " now contains. Tbo roport was adopted nom. dis. After a little discussion lospfcting tho misconduot of ono of tho workmen employed by tho socißiy, Mr. G. WALL ofïutèd BOHÍO observations with roferonco to the desirability of altering the rulo relating to tho admission of life momborB and othors into the nooioty. Ile said ho would liko to seo the rule remodelled, and suggested that the board should follow tho plan whioh had boon adopted by tho Zoological Society ot London. Some fow remarks having been mado by one or two genflemon, it was agreed thnt a special mooting of the com nnttoo shculd bo held in oidor that tho subjoct might ro coivo full consideration. The meeting thou olosed. 