Nervous Prostration. There is an unusual amount of illness this autumn of the type known as " nerv ous prostration" (says the Providence Journal). It iB prevalent among hard worked people who have been deprived of the needed summer rest and relaxation, men who carry their business home with them every night, and~wbmen who are worn out by domestic cares \nd worries. It is very strange how much , we are told about food, clothing, ventilation, drain age, exercise, and other things which have an influence on our - health, and how very seldom we think of rest. And yet, as a remedial and restorative mea sure, it is of the first importance in many cases. Most physicians know what to do and when todo it, but a good deal of com mon sense is required to discover how not to do something and when to let the pa tient alone. A combination of drugging and fretting kills more than half the sick people in the world; a man's enemies cannot do him near ao much damage as his friends. The world is possessed with the notion that when a man fa taken ill a ter rible ado must bo kopt up, an alternation of nursing and fussing, while preternatu rally wise and whispering doctors, sym pathising friends, tearful relatives and chattering nurses add their contributions to the wrong side, and all because some body is ill and needs chiefly rest. We have not yet, most of us, gotten rid of the old notion of the ancients that disease is a personality, a something that is in the air, that travels about, enters our dwell ings and finally seizes hold of us; some thing akin in the minds of the ignorant to a goblin, ghost, fiend, demon or witch, which only pills or potations can exercise, lrill or cure. We are confident that many a sensible physician will say, if the pa tient will let him, that two-thirds of all the people in the world would get well in a few hours or days if left to themselves, with no other appliances than such as in stinct would suggest or common sense em ploy. But patients often estimate the doctor's skill by the wonderfully wise look which he assumes and the extent or variety, of his prescriptions; and a sick man's friends hate to seem unsympathis ing, and so are apt to be officious. It is to be nndentoad, of course, that we axe not speaking of extreme cues, but. of the treatment pf most pf the ills, which flesh is heir to—the troubles which come upon overworked men and women, so many of whom we find all arohnd us in this push ing competitive age. Their best remedy, if they can take it is rut. If that be impossible we can onlv pity them. 