-AMUSEMENTS. THEATRE ROYAT,. The production of ' Romeo and Juliet' last night at the Royal will be long remem bered. _ It was, in a sense, the complete realization of a poet's dream. For the time we were in old Italy, not in the new world. The ivory curtains reminded ua of the gate through which dreams issued in classic Italy. They were the entrance to a Fairy Land. On this_ side we were in the unro mantic nineteenth century : beyond the footlights there was another world. Quaint market-places, beautiful gardens, venerable cloisters, where holy men keep vigil, Capulet's garden and the balcony where the old story was being told again, the horror of the tomb, ending love and hate and rivalry— all Bpoke of another world. Aa staged now, 'Romeo and Juliet' has a worthy setting. To Bit and look at the ' sermons in stones' which the painter's art had delivered were in itself an education. We arenot concerned now to engage in the discussion which is ever being raised as to the fitness of elaborate scenery. To us whatever helps the imagination to grasp the reality of the play is a boon, and Shakspeare him self, though his spectacular resources were of the fewest, would surely have welcomed such a perfect picture of his scenes as that pre sented by the greatest stage manager of our time. It brings the personages nearer to us. We. see them in their habit as they lived. All their surroundings are congruous, and their life is a real thing. The cries of the salesmen in the market - place, the graceful minuet in the nail, the solemn sound of the bell as it peals through the monastery, the dawn slowly rising through the latticed windows as the lovers bid farewell, the bright sun pouring in on the dead bride, the old-world cry of the watchmen walking their rounds, and the crowd of mourning kinsmen in the Capulets' last home— all these are helps, vivid touches of the painter's genius which enable men of our day to go back into the time which people call the ' dark ages,' and from them to learn a lesson which is true for all time. We cannot undertake in a hurried notice to give a description of the beautiful scenery painted for Mr. Irving at great cost by such artists as Hawes Craven, Cuthbert, and Teibin. The whole is a production on whose fame Irving may well rely as his memorial to posterity. The man who devised such poetry of illustration must be more than a great caterer for the public. He has caused Italy to be brought rafore us— Italy, with the warmth of its brilliant summer, the gorgeousness of ita colouring, and the fierce ardour of its children. From the ivory eatin curtains, which fall between the acts, to the hardly-seen pictures on the walls, or the smallest minutiae in the furniture, the scenery is faultless. Last night there oc curred occasional hitches, and at times the exclamations and boots of the scene-shifters and the hammers of the carpenters sounded above the voices of the actors: but these draw backs are only to be expected when an enter prise of such magnitude is entered upon. Much praise is due to Messrs, Bragginton and Spellen for the hearty efforts they made to have everything ready, and they are not to be blamed if now and then a border would not come right, or a light was not properly directed. Casual readers of the advertisement-sheets might be pardoned for thinking that the play —so far from being ' the thing'— was merely the excuse for a display of scenery. Mention was made of 'Henry Irving's magnificent spectacular production, 'Romeo and Juliet,' ' and both the author and his human exponents were left out in the oold. TLe audience, however, quickly dis covered that there was a Juliet in the cast. Miss Fanny Reid, who last night made her first appearance in Adelaide, is far from being unknown at home. We have had a good many ' stars' in Adelaide, whose re putations were made entirely in the pro vinceB. Not so with Miss Reid. She has ap peared as Juliet in London, and the best critics have sung her praises. And certainly she looks a very Juliet. Her graceful figure, winsome face, and expressive features, are eloquent of the poetry of passionate love. And being bo, Miss Reid was decidedly best in the balcony scene. Quick to resolve, and as quick to carry into execution, it is Juliet who proposes the marriage. She has been struck with the appearance of the stranger in her father's hall, and she is quick to follow him when he draws her aside for their first love passages. And yet she does all this in pure maidenhood. Unlike Romeo, she had never loved before ; fancy-free, she had never even thought of loving. Some actresses whom we have seen have been unable to present a pure Juliet. Thev have invested her abandonment to passion with a meretricious garb which ill suited, with the poetry of her maidenhood. But Miss Reid rises above this. With her, as with all lovers of Shakspeare, Juliet is the embodiment of maidenly love linked to a firm resolve. She does not stand on ceremony : ' Farewell compliment ! Dost thou love me ? I know thou wilt say * Ay,' And I will take thy word.' Her rendering ot the line ' Stay but a little, I will come again/' was exquisite in the purity of its intimation and expression. So far Miss Reid is excel lent. But when the hard tragic scenes come; when she is brought face to face with death, and the grim horror of the tomb is called up before her mind's eye ; further, when she lies beside Romeo's dead body, Miss Reid fails. Her voice is raised almost to a shriek. This may partly be caused by the smallness of the theatre, but surely at a time like any one of these a nature like Juliet's would not find vent in harsh tones. And worse : when Miss Reid did not raise her voice too high she almost intoned her lines. These two faults strike us as bting very serious — per- haps because they were brought into promi nence by the contrast they afforded ;by the general excellence of her acting. They alone interfered with the artistic oeauty of the drug-taking scene, when she, as it were, drove Tybalt's ghost before her, and, pre viously when she uttered her malediction on the Nurse. On the whole. Miss Reid's imper sonation showed a careful study of the text, a knowledge of the traditions of her prede cessors, and a distinct appreciation of part at least of the character of Juliet. Mr. Gates' Romeo isnot of a high order of excellence. He dresses in excellent taste, and has a graceful and prepossessing appearance. He delivers bis lines, too, in a scholarly manner, and we failed to notice a mistaken accent all through his speeches. Per haps he, too, is best in the balcony scene, and yet a great deal of the good effect he caused was owing to his appearance and the influence of his Juliet. At best Mr. Cates was but mediocre then, and the same adjec tive will qualify his acting throughout. He favours a curious kind of half-nasal, half guttural voice which is uot natuial, and is decidedly unpleasant. In the third stage of Romeo's development, when his active love for Juliet had superseded his morbid hanker ing after Rosaline and the death of Mercutio had roused his savage passions, Mr. Cates' rendering of the speech to Tybalt was weak in its very ferocity. He has much to learn yet ; we make no doubt but that he will learn it in time, but at present the fairest jndgment on him is con tained in the line which he himself speaks — ' This is not Borneo, he's some other-where.' The next best character should be either Mercutio or the Nurse. Mr. H. N. Douglas played the light and airy Mercutio. We Suestion the wisdom of assigning this part to Ir. Douglas, who is a capable actor in his own line. A chartered libertine, Mercutio carries his freedom of speech and action with a graceful lightness which makes the sombre ending of the tragedy stand out in marked contrast. He scatters witti cisms and gay fancies with _ a liberal hand, and dies, as he had lived, with a reckless courage and a ready jest. Mr. Douglas is all too heavy and Bolemn a Mercutio. When he wants to be frivolous he speaks so rapidly that his lines are lost, and when he jests he jests in so unexpressive a voice that he might be intoning the Miserere, Mies Docy Mainwaringfs Nurse was cer tainly not an unqualified success. In her earlier scenes with Juliet the byplay seemed too studied, and the delightful garrulity of the old lady was not sufficiently emphasized. Mr. W. G. Carey, an old Adelaide favourite, gave a life-like representation of Friar Lau rence. This excellent actor always gives a careful and spirited reading of whatever part he plays, and his delivery of the speech beginning 'Hold thy desperate hand' was deservedly applauded. Messrs. W. Bragdngton ana Harry Emmet, the Capulet and Benvolio of the night, were well re ceived, and the other paits do not call for particular mention. Sir Julius Benedict's music was ably rendered by the orchestra under the direction of Mr. George HalL The performance, which closed last night at about 11.S0, will, we understand, in future be over about half an Loiir earlier, so that those of the spectators who live in the suburbs will be able to catch their last trains easily. 