WESLEYAN HOME MISSIONS. A r u B L ic meeting in support of the W esleyan Home Missions was held iu the Wesleyan Chape), Davey street, last evening. There was n very good attendance, aud Mr W . T. Strutt occupied the chair. The meeting was opened with prayer, and the choir, under the leadership of Mr W. II. Connor, singing a hymn. The Chairman stated the meeting was held to further the home missions, and help to send support to all who were not able to pay clergy. The good work, lie said, wanted advancing, and all were capable of doing something towards the mission, aud contributing towards its support. The Rev. H, Greenwood then read the annual report of the Wesleyan Methodist Circuit Aid and Extension Fund, for the year ending September, 1863, as follows: — With devout thankfulness wo again report an increase in the total income of this society, although the returns from some of the circuits are slightly less than those of 1862. It is hoped that the perusal of'this report will excite such emulation among the circuits of this colony, that the next annual report will show increased returns from every place upon the list. Notwithstanding the endeavors of the district meeting to equitably allocate this fund to dependent circuit?, some of them receive grants inadequate to their requirements. This is n serious drawback to the prosperity of God’s work, as iho ministers in such circuits too often have a largo share of their time absorbed in making ■pccial financial efforts, instead of being able to devote the whole of their proper spiritual work. Methodism is a connexion of churches based upon the scriptural principle that the stroug should bear the infirmities of •uk. This has giveu our church that compactness aud power which with God’s lessing have made it pre-eminently a missionary church. In the hope that it wiil ontinue to occupy that position, we ask or .aid towards the struggling circuits, which help will do more than anything else to impart a conscious spirit of unity among our churches, and to lit them for further w ‘essive work. Church extension is also one of the aims of this society. By the formation of BeaconBfield into a separate circuit, and tho employment of a Home missionary at Moorina, two important steps will be taken at the beginning of tho conncxional year to consolidate audexteud the work of God in those important spheres of Christian work. An evangelist ought to he travclliugthroughout our circuits, anointed with the baptism of the Holy Ghost, infusing fresh vitality into existing methods, and new fervour into old workers, loading believers into th e higher life, and unsaved ones into the experience of redeeming grave. The employment of such an agent was mooted at the last District Meeting. The project was then postponed tor a year, when wo trust it will be successfully initiated. The remembrance of the. above-mentioned matters will, we hope, still further inspire a prayerful and generous sympathy in the hearts of all who are acquainted with the useful wprk performed by this Circuit Aid and Extension Fund. The treasurer’s balance-sheet showed the society 1o be in a flourishing condition, £76 35s Od being to their credit. The Rev. H . Greenwood said that, as he had travelled, tho colony to a great extent, he knew if it were not for the Home Mission there would be no Methodist circuits iu a great many places. If they continued to help the circuits for a few years, ho was sure they would be self-supporting. The Rev. S. Harris, of Franklin, gave on able address on the subject. "Without the Home Missions people in the background could never have the Gospel preached to them. H e asked those present to show their practical sympathy with (he movement. A collection was then taken up. Votes of thanks having boon passed to the Chairman und the Bcv. S. Harris, the meeting terminated by tho Doxology being sung. M iss Firth ably presided t the organ during the evening. 