RAYING. The BomVth BlBhop of Wellington has been enlightening his fiock on the merits and f unctions of ths Komisb priesthood, and glorifying them after tbis fashion:—'The glory of tue Catholic prieet is -that bis priesthood is a participation s tbe priesthood of Cbtiit; nay, be Is, so to speak, another Christ. Saccrdae alter Christuf. Go t old the envoys of the synagogue went to Jobn tbe Baptist in t-be desert, and ask bim who he is 'Art thon a prophet? Why should I be a prophet? We have so seed of oracles ' Art thou Alias ?' Why should I be Jtllas? His hour Is not yet come He awaits the extreme catastrophe of ths world. 'Who art thou? Art thou the Christ V Ah I there Is the grand and sovereign question. Hearing it, Jobn the Baptist c osfessed and did not retract, and again he confessed that be was not the Christ. Tbe Catholic priest, on the contrary, confesses and does not retract, and egaiu he confesses that he it the Cbrist. Nor is this confession tbe outcome of blind and Bacrilegions ambition. The priest knows himself; be knows as well as you tbat be was born in tin; he' bears tbe sinister clamors of his pwsions; he Is aware ot his nnwortbiness to bear a burden, formidable even to angels, and yet he confesses tbat be is tbe Christ. See, be says, what I do. A child Is born In sin; I say .to him, ' I baptise thee,' and he lives to grac9. Again, he needs life and strength, and I say to him, 1 Becetve thi Holy Ghost,' and the Divine Paraclete takes possession cf the soul, A sinner comes with death in his heart and his arms in chains, and I say to him,' I absolve thee from thy sins,' and he returns jjyons and free. Bnt it ia at the altar you tnuBt see me. There, as the priest, I Immolate dally tbe Divine victim which was offered on Calvary. Examine the beloved instrument I nse for the sacrifice. I do not say—' This is the body, this is tbe blood of Christ,' but 'This is my body, tbis iB my blood.' Should I so speak were I but a man? Christ borrows me as a living veil under vrbicb He conceals His glory, in order to exercise His perpetual priesthood. He is in me, He penetrates me; verily, I say to yon, and I do not deny, bnt I repeat with conviction and pride—'Stan c:,o Christuf— •I am the Christ.'" Comment would spoil this We charitably hope tbat the bishop ol Wellington'! rhetoric dec.ives himself, and that he does not tsfce bis own blasphemy au scriaix.—Southern Cross. 