THE BIOGRAPHER. VYHITTIERi QUAKER POET. wabper's magazine, Mr. Whittior has never married, and with the single exception of the exquisite lines entitled " Benedicite" ho has given the public no clue to the romance of bis youth. His sister Elizabeth, sympathising with liim com- pletely, of a rare poetic nature and fastidious taste, and of delicate dark eyed beauty, was long a companion that must havo made tho want of any other less keenly felt than by lonely men in general. The bond between the sister and brother was more perfect than any which we have known, except that between Charles and Mary Lamb, nnd in this instance the conditions wero of perfect moral and mental health. To the preciousncss of the relationship tho pages of tho poet bear con stant witness, and Amesbnry village is full of traditions of their affection, and of the gentle loveliness and brilliant wit of Elizabeth, whom the people admired and reverenced almost as much as they do the poet himself. For his old neighbors have the closest affection for Mr. Wintrier; except very occasionally, what was his thought has been theirs ; and now that he is not with them daily, they miss him sadly, nnd among those who miss him most and make the most complaint about it arc the children on tho street. This is not remark able when one remembers that Mr. Whitlier does not stand on his dignity, but joins in the game played in his presence, writes his non sense verses on demand, has the keenest sonso of the ludicrous, and loves nil sorts of inno cent fun. Wo havo heard him say that he was known among the children as tho man with the parrot— the parrot being a remark able bird that used to stop the doctor's gigwitli his " Whoa !" and when the school bell rung would call from his lofty perch, "Run in, boys ! run in !"— tho fact being that the children felt the parrot to bo a bond between them, and he was less of a demigod and more of a man to their imagination on account of " Chnrlie." Mr. Whittier is, of course, very fond of children, and has been known to risk tbo loss of an important train with equani mity when easy going, good natured hackmen had been overtaken by an uproarious school of children, and had gone with tliom for a little driv.e, appearing at tho door at length, tho carriage overflowing with the rosy faces of tho laughing littlo people, who cared no thing about time, tide and tho train. At seventy-six years aud over one can be said to have the beauty only of age, striking as that is in Mr. Whittier's cass, with the dark eye and tho full board, where blaolc lino3 still appear among the silver, while his form is as straight and his step is as firm and elastic as ever. But tho poet's youthful beauty is reported to have been extraordinary — very tall, erect and well knit, with fine features, dark skin, and a flashing, deep set black eye, he could not have looked the Quaker to any extent ; and in fact we think he is more of a Quaker in habit and affection than anything else. He bus himself recognised that Over restless ivings of soug Xlis birthright garb hung looso ; and oven though lie clings to the forms of the sect in many respects, using tho plain language generally, and tolls somewhere why he prefers the silence of tho meeting for wor ship rather tlmn any solitude of wood or wild whore Nature speaks to him with a thousand voices and catches him with a thousand- hands, yet ho dresses bo nearly liko men of the world in cut and -color that only prac tised eyes could detect the slight difference in tho aha; e oi his coat, and his feolings about such matters are entirely liberal. When his littlo niece wanted the scarlet cape that other children wore, and there was objection in the house on account of tho Quaker euBtom, Mr. Whittier insisted that slio should be gratified, although, sooth to say, poet as ho is, ho hiin- solf cannot tell red from green till sunlight falls upon it. Onco, indcod, tho library fire, of which he is so fond, having damaged tho border of tho wall paper, ho matched tho pat tern and triumphantly replaced it before de tection, only to learn that ho had substituted for the green vino ono of bright autumnal crimson. Yet so strong is the poet's imagina tion that this defect of vision is nowhere evi dent in his work, although one might gather thero that while, as he says, " his eye was beauty's powerless slavo," yet light and shade please him more than variety and depth of hue. After the loss of his sister his niece kept his house until her marriago with Mr. Ficknrd, of tho Portland transcript. But the mar riago broke up his homo in a measure, and not long afterwards ha went to Dnnvcrs, a town abont 20 miles from Boston, whore ho makes his home at Oak Knoll with some charming and congenial cousins. The Amcsbury resi dence, however, occupied by old friends, re mains nearly as it always lias been. Near tho cnBtcrn piazza of the house is a large circular flower garden surrounded by a neat licdge, with great green arohcs for gateways to it. In the centre of this garden is a foun tain throwing a fina spray to a consider able lioight. In this garden Mr. Whittier is to bo seen at work each pleasant morning be fore breakfast with rake, hoc and broom. All the beds and walliB are kept exquisitely neat, for tho poot is thorough in everything ho undertakes. There lie lives aud there ho is de lighted to see his friends ; for though he seems timid and reserved to tho stranger, yet lie is of a marked social turn, liking to reach tlio vary ing opinions of all sorts of people on all sorts of topics, and very glad of gay companionship, although the severe neuralgic headaches to which lie has always been Bubject unfit bim for much general society, and causo him usually to tako a back seat at the lectures and public meetings that ho attends, not from modesty, but that he may slip out without annoyance when tho pain begins. His modesty however, is extreme, although any ono who chanced to observe liim onco applauding liis own verses from a lecturer's lips might not have thought so, had it not occurred to him that the poet failed to recognise hisoivn clothed in tlio sonorous tones of Dr. Chaplin's voice. Perhnps it is tlieso headaches that mako it so difficult to secure him as tho guest of public dinners and similar occasions. Wo remember him once at a dinner given Mrs..Stowe by the Atlantic Club, nearly twenty years ago, where Mr. Longfollow nnd Mr. Lowoll, Colonel Hig- ginson, Dr. Holmes, and other as brilliant talkers, mado the hours sparkle, and where a shy and silent suffering young woman occasion ally looked at liim, her opposite neighbor, as if she knew he was the only ono there who felt as uncomfortable as she did. Of course he lias bad a great doaF to endure, nnd per haps in no more vexatious form than in tho submission of reams of manuscript for liis consideration by young writers who havo no consideration. Ho reads and criticises and returns theBO manuscripts, often, too, at his own expense, to the iledgoliugs ; he answers as much as a couple of thousand requests for autographs yearly ; liis kindness and iiis'gener- osity to young writers are so proverbial that oven long novels are sent him with tho request that he will secure a publisher for thorn. That all this is an impertinence past expression lie never allows the guilty party to feol, although it costs him hours of invaluable time — time the more invaluablo that the headaches of which wo have spoken seldom let him work continuously more than a quarter of an hour. People come to liira also in their grief nnd trouble, aud to more than one tortured soul lias he given peace. The story is told of a friend of liis early days, in tlio time when re ligion held men by crueller bonds than now, who was pursued by the idea of the sin against the Holy Ghost, nnd felt himself dooinod to damnation. "And so tlico really thinks thee will go to lioll?" said Mr. Whittier, after listening to tlio talo of torment. " Oh, I am sure of it," cried the sufferer. "Does tlieo hate thy follow men ?" asked Mr. Whittier. "No, no," said liis unhappy friend. "Don't thee hate God, then ?" came the next question. " I love Him," was tlio answer, " whatever happen to mo." " Don't thee hate God, who who would send thee to liell and let others, who thee knows' have led worse livos, go to heaven ?" " No. I am glad of every one that is saved, even if I am to be a castaway." " Now what does thee think the devil will do with tlieo ? How can ho uso tlico — ono who loves the God that condoms him to torment, one who loves his follow men, nnd would keep them out of tho clutches of Satan — how can tho devil employ thee or endure thee For the first time in months tlio wretched man laughed with his old heartiness, and from that moment began to shake off his morbid terrors. There are few men who can look back on a life of such achievoment ns Mr. Whitter can, and fewer still who would do so with such humility. That he is not self satisfied shows simply how great ho i3 ; he fancios the songs ho has not Bung are sweeter than thosoln has, and lie begs his friends to read- between the lines Tho larger graoo oi unfulfilled designs. Besting in his liappy age, ho feels tho cur rents of earth and heaven helping on the purposes for which he strove, dreams of a diviner raco to come as tlio oarth moves sun ward, and Takes by faith, while living, His frcohold of thanksgiving. 