MISOELLAJSKOUS, Parliament was opened yesterday. At Dunedin (N.Z.) the Government is offering the unemployed 4s per day. The Maori King and suite have arrived in England. Tickets for Alderman Kither'a soup are still in great demand. ; A little girl, daughter of n laborer at Wasleys, has been drowned in a tank. fc. A woman Darned Lillian Ward has de stroyed herself in Sydney by taking a com pound known as ' rough on rats.' Twenty tons of potatoes have been given to the poor of Adelaide by a few residents of Mount Gambier. The residents of Robe are askinp for a new Post and Telegraph office. Clare is hankering after the same thing. The new Era Mine (S. A.) will shortly crash 200 tons of quartz, and a handsome yield of the ' precious metal' is expected. J. £, Woods has been acquitted on a charge of forging two totalisator tickets with intend to defraud the S. A. J. Club. Our Indian visitor, Colonel Williams, thinks Adelaide the prettiest city he has ever been in. A graving dock at Port Adelaide 650 feet long is to be made shortly at a cost of £50,000. A telegram in a leading Sydney paper says that Adelaide is at present overrun with religious maniacs. Wreck of steam collier Bulli, bound, for Sydney sold at Cape Town at auction for £7! Cost, £26,000. : A large gold specimen, which, when crushed, yielded 40 or. of gold, was found at Inglewood on the 22nd nit. During his lecturing tour the Rev. W. T. Carter netted £100 on behalf of the Port Pirie Wesleyan Church. A Bill for closing batchers' chops on Sundays has been passed in the N.&;W. Parliament. . Walter Purchase, of PortGermein Gorge, has been mulcted in a penalty of £25 for sly grog-selling. The Oaks, which was run on May 30, fell to the lot of Lord Falmouth's Busy-' body. The horses that the S. A. Government give £25 a head for are worth £120 in the Indian market, so says Colonel Williams. Some one, the other evening, tried to make a bonfire of Harvey & King's timberyard, Adelaide. But it did not come off. The Sydney premier says that the assisted immigranta labor-registry office has received -50 per cent, more applications than h could satisfy. '? Professor Alexander Agassiz is said to have already spent over £60,000 of his own private money on the museum of compara tive zoology at Cambridge. There appears to be a race between Mr. E. Ward and Mr. L. Furner for' **he Chairmanship of Committees. Opinion says that the latter will win. A celebrated firm of Regent street cos tumiers recently received from Mrs. Langtry s cheque for £1,219 in payment of dresses supplied her during the year. Mr. Shortland, the New Zealand barrister who was recently charged at Plymouth with murdering his wife has been tried; and! acquitted. A number of Melbourne magsmen, who came over to practise their profession daring the races, are still in Adelaide, trying to rob confiding country people. The railway from Gladstone to Laura was opened on June 2, and the inhabitants were disgusted because there were.no free passes on that eventful occasion. A Bill is being introduced into the New South Wales Legislative Assembly making wilful desertion by either husband or wife for a period of two years a sufficient ground for divorce. The catch of herrings in the Shetland Islands for the season 1883 has been the most prosperous on record. The catch nas yielded the great total of 228,090 barrels; which represents nearly 200 millions of fish. The Jamestown Corporation lias let its weighbridge for six months for 6b. The local Press eaye it is a good sign of the absence of total hard-npism. The editor mu6t be *? putting on' sarcasm, sorely. , , : Archibald Forbes is now comfortably settled in a snug little box in Folham, near London. Ho wrote his recently-published Life of Gordon in 12 days, and got £100 for the work. Warden Neill says that the Marine Board of South Australia is more choked with red tape than any other in the colonies, and Warden Moecke puts the climax on by adding, ' or in the world.' A Victorian telegram states that a man named Thomas Griffiths has been found dead at Campbell Town, near Castlemaine. It is supposed that he had been attacked by wild dogs or cats and drained of his blood. ' Professor Pepper,' says a correspondent of the Cairns (Q.) Pott, ' is one of the lucky men who had scrip in the good things on Gympie ; and this shows how a man, after years of bad fortune, may at last strike it rich.' A man named Francisco Suttorn, en alleged murderer in charge of the pojice on board the steamer Adelaide, jumped over board on Sunday evening last and was drowned. Prisoner was remanded from Adelaide to Sydney. Nearly £2,000 was paid away in stakes at the Birthday meeting which took place on the old Adelaide course. The revenue was derived from the totalisator. This seems to indicate, ' no more totalisator, no more big stakes.' The Duchess of Albany is well provided for, as 6he will receive £6,000 per annum as a widow, in accordance with the Act passed at the time of her marriage. It is understood that the late Duke's personality amounts to £20,000, all of which he has left to his wife. In Gippsland the hop industry is attain ing very large dimensions. No less than -3,397 bales were carried by rail this season from Sale to Melbourne. Of these 3,097 came from Bairnsdale, Tambo, &c.;, and 282 came from Briagalong, Lake Wellington, &c.; Their value is estimated at £20,500. The late Hinman B. Hurlbut, of Cleve land, Ohio, United States, bequeathed bis beautiful residence and grounds with his magnificent collections of paintings, after his wife's death, to the city as a public art gallery. He also leaves the City Hospital & £40,000 cash endowment. Extraordinary geographical mistakes are frequently enougb made in England, but still it might be expected that the secretary of a so-called learned society euch as 'The Victoria Institute And Philosophical Society of Great Britain' would know better than to address a letter as be did lately, to ' Fiji, Polynesia, New Zealand.' It is stated that one of the largest for warding agents in Liverpool has lost horses to the value of £1,000 from a disease which is baffling the skill of the veterinary sur/reons. About two months ago «n ex periment was commenced in feeding the animals on America hay and lentils com bined, but jMst mortem examinations have failed to show whether this has been the cause of the mortality. The Windsor Gazette (England) of April ,5 says i-; — ' An Orkney lady has just received a newspaper from a friend in Queensland, Australia, and on opening it was greatly (Surprised to find in the folds, evidently forced there during transit, three letters — one ad dressed to a member of tho Legislative Council in Brisbane, another to & nobleman in London, and a third to a lady in South sea, London.' Cases of poisoning by tinned provisions multiply. Lately a dozen persons in Glasgow who ate of the same lot of canned mutton were taken sick, and one boy died in consequence, as a surgeon certified. Latest advices from Morristown, Tenn., announced the death, after excruciating suffering, and despite the use of every known antidote, of the three Guthrie children, who had canned blackberries for supper, nod the mother was past help. The father did not taste the fruit and eo ' escaped with his life.' Says a Yankee paper : — ' Hanlan did not go to Australia to avoid a race with Teenier, and the scribe who made the statement is well aware of that fact. Why don't Teenier row Conley ? The latter has put up a forfeit of $100 and issued a bona Jide challenge.' And further on — 'I have heard considerable 'twaddle about Teenier being. able to beat all creation in a shell. Many claim he can beat Hanlan, but none of his rich backers, as they are styled, have the nerve to back him. Why, Hanlan would not have gone to Australia if Teemer's backers had put up their money.' Kissing goes by favor in Downing street. If colonial worthies are to be honored, and encouraged by titles and decorations, the Im perial authorities should avoid making them too cheap. Who is Mr. Baden Powell that heshould be singled out for birthday honors ? He visited the colonies jon two occasions, and made himself obnoxious to VictorianB by decrying their fiscal policy. He wrote some articles in one of the London maga zines, and subsequently published them in wrapper form, considered the most con venient for the butter man. He was also, I believe, appointed as a sort of sabcom missioner to Jamaica, and for those services, forsopth, he is invested with the insignia of the Order of St. Michael and St. George. After- this the perpetrator of the Kensing ton Hill job will elevate his probocis if offered a knighthood. — ' Atticus.' This is none of your Cup-horse dreams that occur after the event, bnt a fact vouched for by a respectable country paper, and endorsed by the Riverine Star. A gen tleman had between two and three thousand in the Oriental, and dreamt on two succes sive' ftighta his coin was not safe, and 60 drew out the lot injgold on the Saturday. We are sick of everlasting jibes at dreamB. There A something in them, and we can give one from our own experience showing that somehow dreamB come true. A friend dreamt the night before the City of Glasgow smashed that he was speculating on the London' Stock Exchange, and that the bank .shares were falling. He dreamt it again, but still paid no heed. He, however, wrote to a friend' in Edinburgh, and, in a gossipy, way, .mentioned his dream. On comparing the date with a letter subsequently received from Sydney, it was found that a gentleman here had dreamt that the Union Bank was smashed. ? But the strange part of the affair was, that the very day that, the Glasgow Bank went to the wall, the two shareholders admitted -that they never had any interest la : either bank, and a Chinaman named Ah Hing was found dead in bis hut in Cook town! Oh, there's something in dreama. -^Sydney BuUrtzn. It is strange, but true, that even at this Enlightened date many persons are to be found who look upon the arrival of a tele gram with pretty much the same state of, feeling as they would upon the visit of an undertaker, or a bad attack of typhoid ferer. A few days ago, & Snrry Hills woman received a 'wire' from the city, and -her face turned pea- green, and her jwhole frame quivered, as she handed the anopened envelope to her eldest daughter, and exclaimed, ' Penelope Ann, read that, for I cannot. Something dreadful is about to happen to us.' Penelope Ann obeyed, and read, 'Your husband has just been knocked down by a tram, and his leg has been amputated.' 'Thank heaven it it no worse,' exclaimed the mother, joyfully; ' do you know, dear, I wbb afraid he might be going to bring somebody home to dinner.' —Sydney Bulletin. What appears to hare been little more than a jocular remark made on the Flem .ington racecourse on Saturday last had the effect of creating a scare as regards the solvency of the London Chartered Bank. A bookmaker is stated to have refused one of the bank's notes, and 6uch is the sensitive ness of the public that every one ignorant of the true state of affairs jumped to the conclusion that the L. C. B. had followed in the wake of the Oriental. On Monday the more nervous noteholders put in an ap pearance at an early hour, and demanded gold in exchange for notes, and as in every instance the demand was readily complied with it was soon seen that the rumor was unfounded. In less than an hour the busi ness of the bank had resumed its ordinary healthy aspect, and as a matter of fact more was paid in than the nervous depositors drew out. — ' Atticus' in Melbourne Leader of May 31. The Adelaide correspondent of the Jamestown journal writes r — The local Demosthenes (McLaren) is on the howl again, this time denouncing the freethinkers. A large crowd assembled on Sunday even ing in the Central Market to hear his ad dress on ' Freethonght Murderers of By gone Ages.' He speaks very rapidly, with a great flow of language, but rather indistinct enunciation, and he careers along in the torrent of his wroth, brandishing his hands and shaking Iris bead, mixing up fact and fancy, romance and reason, humor and invective, in the most confusing manner. For instance, in arguing on the authenticity of the Scriptures, which he eays 'are attested to by Moses and Joshua,' he remarked that it was an incontestable fact that St. John was living for some time on the Island of Patmos, ' and,' said he, ' I can assure you that he was plumper and in better condition when lie went off than when be went on !' This elicited roars of laughter and a number of interjections from the crowd, one of whom thought him ' quite a chuck in for a Sunday night.' Mr. Mc Laren is the sort of man who would do less damage JY6 an enemy than a friend. The Melbourne Leader ot May 31 reports : — An extraordinary outrage was committed at a late hour on Tuesday nitrht on a pirl named Lane, a resident of CoHingwood, who was at tho liuio quietly passing along Spring street, in company With a female friend, on her way home. When the two young women were almost opposite the the White Hart Hotel they noticed two young men standing talking together near the door. One ot them was known to the the pirls, but his companion was an utter stranger. The latter, as the two girls came up, stopped forward and deliberately threw the contents of a blue pbial over Lane, and having done so ran away across the street, followed a moment afterwards by the other man. Feeling directly afterwards an acute pain on her hands, and finding her dress burnt, the injured girl went to a neighbor ing chemist, who discovered that nitric acid find been thrown over her, and lie afforded her prompt relief from the pain she suffered. A constable who was found in Spring street, shortly after the affair took place was in formed of tbe occurrence, but not imme diately discovering the offenders he ap peared to attach little importance to the dastardly act, which might have deprived the girl of her life. Many of the old residents of the colony (says a New South Wales paper) whose memories can take them back half a century, will remember the capture of M'liwan, the bushranger, and the con sequent discovery of the Fish-River Caves. M'Ewan had robbed the old Gingkin Station, and the police, getting a warm trail, tracked him to the wildest recesseB of the Fish River, where, after watching his camp- fire all night, they made a dnsh and caught him before be had time to make any defence. Among the plunder which he took was a couple of bullock-bows, and they were not recovered. Last week, however, one of the guides of the Caves, Mr. F. Wilson, while exploring a small cave, came upon these very bows, just where they were flung down 43 years ago. A pair of iron hinges lay alongside, and the whole were in a state of very fair preservation, considering the length of time they bad been lying there. A treasure-trove of £300 ia. '.planted' somewhere near the caveB, and tbe late Mr. Norton, P.M., of Dubbo, once spent three days searching for it, bnt with out success, although he was directed to tbe place by the hider, who confessed the facts to him while dying in Goutburn gaol. | The following account of Wood, the layer-on-of-liand'e, last appearance in Ade laide was telegraphed to the Sydney Mail. It gives a particulars which we did not eee in the Adelaide papers. After referring to the all-night service that was held by him at the Salvation. Army barracks, on which unfavorable comments were made owing to the number of young people of both sexes who attended the meeting, it proceeds thus : — *' Wood, the alleged healer, returned to Melbourne on Saturday. His last attempts at curing were productive of great derision. At tbe farewell thanksgiving meeting io tbe the Town Hall here the attendance was small, and the audience far from sympa thetic. After he had enumerated a number of alleged cures, Wood tried to give an ad dress on the ' Lord's Coming,' but was hissed and yelled down. He was only heard to say that he had cured 3,000 souls and bodies in South Australia ; a statement which was received with incredulous laughter and jeers. He also affirmed that the Holy Ghost would shortly retire from tbe world, and those wh« had opposed him from quarters where he had least expected op position would meet an angry God and go to eternal damnation. A tana named Chambers then attempted to read a letter full of improbable, not to say impossible, cures alleged to have been effected by J. A. Dome, of Melbourne, but immediately he began Wood and bis assistants abruptly left the platform.' Let us hope this is the last we shall hear of this humbug. Those short-sighted extremists who be long- to the Social Purity Society in this colony — one reverend member of which re cently advocated making seduction a capital offence, overlooking the fact that by so doing the lives of many innocent youths and men would be placed in the hands of designing and crafty women — should read, mark, and inwardly digest the follow ing observations from the Melbourne Leader; — ' It is unfortunate that zeal even in a good cause is too often allied with un reasonableness. As a case in point we may refer to the demands of the deputation from the Congregational Union and Mission of Victoria, who last week waited on the Chief Secretary in relation to social purity. While deeply impressed with the duty of society to protect the young and innocent from the contamination of vice, we think it is just possible to aggravate rather than mitigate an evil by endeavoring to accomplish too much. Tbe proposal to render seduction a criminal offence may be admissible, but to raise the age from 12 to at least 18 years under which it shall be a misdemeanor for a man to have intimacy with one of the opposite sex iuvolves very serious considera tions, and seems like pushing the argument on behalf of morality to the limits of ab surdity. Weakness is not confined ex clusively to women. The sterner sex are often found wanting in moral stamina, and once place so terrible a power in the hands of a designing female as to be able to brand a man a criminal unless he consents to marry her, and social chaos is inevitable. We quite agree with the suggestion that in a civil action for seduction the plea of lose of service should be abolished, as there it no greater anomaly or iniquitous device for the evasion of justice than this very plea. Tbe Statute laws of England press some what heavily upon women, and the tendency of modern statesmen and jurists is as far as possible to remove many of the legal disabilities under which they have labored for centuries ; but reform in those particulars should not be made by leaps and bounds, but rather cautiously and with prudence, bearing in view not the mere emancipation of one sex from legal thraldom, but the benefit and safeguard of both sexes, so that injustice and wrong may be minimised. We believe that if the period of protection were extended to fifteen years, all that society requires will be achieved. With regard to the suppres sion of houses used for immoral purposes, the recommendation, in a large city like Melbourne, could only be acted on partially. In Sydney the police regulations respecting unfortunate women are very stringent, and possibly to this cause are to flomo extent at tributable tbe Waterloo und Woollouuiouloo outrages. In those cases we find that not even the death penalty is sufficient to deter tbe vicious from tho gratification of their passions. In all such matters extremes should be avoided, and the Purity Society will have done good work if, through their instrumentality, tho legislature consents to modify the existing law to the extent we have indicated.' An honest Hibernian, being in bed in a great storm, and bcin^ told that the house would tumble over bis head, made answer : ' What care I for the house ? I am only a lodper !' llow to ?' turn people's beads.' Go late to church. 