S.: :'ECIHOEStOF MELBOTURNR.E . (By Tia GsCo)'i.) . There is an old proverbl that avers tlhat 'all.work anrd:io playn makes Jack a dull boy." . Proverbial philosophy has not, how ever,nup to the present dealt with the con vorse aspoect of. the question, and told us what tho product of "all play" would be. Tlihe Ministry, however, appear bent on letting the world judge for itiolf of the effect which doing nothing hals upon a Government, and are at present carrying out the experiment. True, the Cabinet intffcts to think it; necessary to' liold a weekly meeting; but to the anxious on iquiries of news purveyors, who, at the tor-. mination or eacnisitting, onquirb of the Premier what has been done, Mr. Service *invariably retdriis the ' sameo reply?? "Nothing of any intrest to tlihe public." '" A- few. formal matters have, however; come before the ,Executive, and the mem bers of the Civil Service and IRailway Management Boards have been " officiallyr' appointed.: The latter -gentlemen:'re to commence their duties at once on the ar rival of Mr;: Spoight, their chairman,' Mr. Gillies, the Minister of lailways,- having, peiding the appearance of that gentleman, ".been authorised by the Conmmssionels'to continue administering the departinent.", Thus runs -.tho official announcembnt, ai Ssomewhat 'strange one '.under a system of responsible government.- Tle 'Civil Service- Board' is 'not. to exerdise :its functions , for some little time to' ýome. Tlhe members composing this body aro to have a little time afforded them 'to" tke a preliminary canter' through thd depart ments- before they begin cloanning the Augean stable. :Spiteful people':aytlmat the work of retrenchment is 'delayed in order that the new Commissioners may get 'to know, who are the "sisters and the cousins and the aunts" it would be im politic to dispense with. This' can, how ever, hardly be the cased, for:' the gentle men of the Board have been themselves long enough connected with the service to know the pedigree of every individuil clerk, and, what is perhaps 'iimre important, at whose instance lie or she 'entered- the Government '.employ. The morei likely explanation of the'delay in. beginning the -weeding-out procis' is that-as there are still a few promises tb ha :kept:by Ministers in the way of coifferiing appOintiients-liotably two police .magis tracies-it would ill become the -eternil fitnels of things -to hare additions made while subtractions were taking- place. Eirn strong coalition' Goveiments realise that there is a limit,beyond which it would scarcely be' prudent to -travel. ' Perhaps, however, the members of the Ministry who have been apparently on pleasurejaunts hlve been in reality doing very lecavy work.l Following: the example set by Messrs. Gillies and Langridge, who ff did " the OmeoL district in company with the local parliamentary representatives a week or two ago, Messrs. Deakin and Levibn have boounon a tour of inspection of the water trusts in the northern areas.'- As it rained incessantly during tlh greaterpart of the time occupied in tile journey, as both the honourable gentlemen are teetotalers, and above all as Mr. M'Call was of the party, there must have been, durihg tihe trip " water,, water, everywhere."'.- The remainder of the line from the "Ancient Mariner," ' and not a drop to drink," would hardly'be' apposite, for there wsro other gentlemen of the party who, if repbrt belie them not, " filled high the flowing bowl" with something ,very much more potent than the aqua puai the 'Ministers of Public Works and Mines affect. Camperdown-has also been honoured by being selected astlie locale of a pleasure party. On Wednesday some two .score giitlemen, comprising a goodly sprinkling of western district parliamentary represen -tatives, and headed by the Minister of Public Works, started on a visit to Port Cimpubell to inspect the valuable timber: country lying between the railway line and the sea coast. Forest scenery apparently, however, had but few:'chlarlms fori'the greater number of the travellers, who.'coi tented themselves with discussing the gold top and the various edibles provided by a paternal Government, and a quiet game of euchre or "Nap" in the parlour of the principal hotel in the evening. It will be amusing, when' Parliament meets to hear these gentlemen expatiate on the resources to be opened up by means of a rail or trim -way from Campordoiwn to the harbour of Port Campbell. Their glowing descriptions are certain to outvie 'those of. the other members of the'party who,' with achiig bones and epidermis more or less abraided will have affronted the perils of the journey on horseback to "' theport"' and back. Lord Normanby is: leaving us, sooth to say,,." unwopt, unhonoured, and unsung." His Excellency has never been a favourite in Victoria; his hospitality: having during his term of office been tempered with far too much discretion. His sins are, it appears, to be visited upon his, successor. For the gentleman who succeeds him there is no longer to be an expenditure of £700 per annum for: gas, of £2500 for new furniture, and whoever replaces the most noble George Augustus Constan tine, etc., etc., etc., will have to pay his own railway fare, and when lie wishes to travel 'special," to defray the cost of the traif out of tile gubernatorial "screw." And when in his capacity of "Admiral" he visits the ships of tih Victorian navy, he will have to defray the expense of the coal used on board the steam launch, or hire a boat at Williams town or Sandridge. However, as notice of the change is to be given by the Agent. General to: the. next incumbent of the office, anyone accepting the appointment' of, Governor will do so with his eyes olened and a full knowledge of what he' has to expect, and what is expected in re turn of the tenant of Government House. It is shrewdly surmised that had Lord Normanby's dining-hall and ball-room been more frequently honoured by the presence of invited guests, the bills for gas, furniture, and the sundry items that make up a total of some Xil000 per annum, would not have been very closely scanned. ' After all it is rather hard that the 'citizens -and more especially the 'citizonesses of Melbourne should so often have been compelled to forego the annual Queen's Birthday ball; as they 'have during the present Governor's term of office. On each occasion of the recurrence of the anniversary of her Majesty's natal day, somei relation of that much related noble lord was sure-conveniently or in conveniently-to die. In Sir Charles HIotham's time there was a fierce parlia mentary fight over the cost of that frugal gentleman's pig-styes. In these later days - we havd grown more refined, and the cause of strife will be the lack of expenditure in his Excellency's ballr-oom. What is now known in the history of crime as the Pettaval mmuder, continues to be shrouded in mystery; .at least, no arrests havo yet been made. Perhaps the detec tire police are waiting for the reward of £200 offered by tice Government to be in creased before they make any move in thei matter. It is now quite plain that tihe individual who was at first suspected is quite innocent of the crime. No more will therefore bo hlard of that "cigar-holder carved at Pentridge,".which .was so con veniently picked up by a constable, so unaccountably not mentioned as ihaving been found until some three days after wards, and w'hich would perhaps, as in a Former murder case at Daylosford, whore a search undertaken after the hut in which ho 'man:was: done to death had been ran sacked some four days before, resulted in the discovery of the suspected individual's pipe, havo furnished, the " missinghlink," 'nd put the halter rdund Nye's niech. lWhen theo truth comes to be ' dis sovered-as discovered it will be the crime will be one of the most sensational I avor known in the annals of tlio colony and Furnish ample materials for a thrilling " domestic drama." The Pantomimes at the Royal and thoe Bijou still hold the boards, and as yet no dhange is announced. 'Tihe really clever society play of "Impulse " is still being presented to good houses, and has appar sntly. hit the public taste.--. Tie last per-: bormance of Dunning's Opera Troupe takes Ilace on Saturday; the troupe going to New' Zealand, and making way for the Fakir:'of Polu, whlo opens -the theatre with a conjur ing and musical entertainment of which rumour speaks highly. .Theatiical' matters may, however;on the whole be summed up s dull. 