THE REMINISCENCES OP A WAR \- CORRESPONDENT. I have seen Napoleon III. at the pinnacle of his' hollow splendour, Fronj the German picqu'et line' on 2nd August, 18?0,1 heard the distant cheering on the Spicherenberg. tHat greeted ' him ana the lad whom be had brought from Metz to receive that day his " baptism of fire." Again I saw him on the morning after Sedan, as the broken man-broken in power, in prestige, in health, in spirits- sit with Bis marck on the grass' plot in front of the weaver's cottage on the Donchery road.. .Next morning, I witnessed his departure into his Willielmshohe captivity. I /have seen him dodcleruig about Brighton, and strolling .Tinder the tieech trees that encircle Chisselhurst Com mon! Aiid for. the last time of all I saw. that stolid careworn face, as it lay on the raised pillow'of the bier in the broad corridor, of, Camjien Palace) and when the face was no more visible I witnessed the coffin laid down inthe little chapel among the Chiselliurst elm , trees. I' knew' the boy of the Empire when, the shackles of the Empire had fallen from his limbs, and lie was no longer a buckram crea ture, but a iively, natural lad. My acquain tance endured into his manhood. When the twi light was falling on the rolling veldt of Zululand, and his day's work in the staff tent was done,* he liked, as it seemed to me, to gossip with one who knew .the. outer side of the picture, about, the early days of the Franco-German war-a war that had wrought at once his ruin and-his emancipation. And., finanally. poor' gallant lad, I saw dimly through tears the very last of him as he lay there dead on the bloodrstained sward by the Ityotyosi River, with a calm, proud smile on his fage, and his body pierced by countless assegia stabs. Men have called his death ignoble. Petty as was the quarrel, wretched as was the desertion that wrought, his fate, I call liiin, rather, happy in the opportunity of his death. Had he lived, what of artificiality, what of hollow unreality, might there not have been in store for him. As it was, he had moved in the world a live ghost.- Better than this,, surely, tp be a dead hero-to end the Napoleonio serip-comedy with his young-face gallantly to his assailants, and his life-blood drawn by the.cold steel !-r-Archibald \Forbes, in the English IHuatratcd Magazine. ; The Melbourne Herald, reports that a most barefaced swindle has deen brought under notice of the police within the last week;. A woman, evidently well educated, and of middle age, dressed in the height of fashion, has been obtaining valuable goods from vari ous drapery, fancy goods, and other establish ments in the city on the representation that they were for M rs. A. Nicholas, of Toorak. Her modus operandi was so well planned that not the slightest suspicion was excited in the minds of those from whom she obtained goods. It waB to drive up in a hansom, order as much as she could conveniently take with her in the vehicle, and drive away, and leaving the bill to be posted in the ordinary business way. She has been successful in getting valuable articles from the firm of A. and W. Bruoe, of Elizabeth-street, and some of the leading . drapery establishments, besides getting a quantity of cigars from Messrs. Heineeke and Oo. The police are dubious about apprehending her, as she has had plenty of time to get out of the city. The bills were not sent to Mrs. Nicholas very quickly after the goods were ohtained, otherwise the swindle would have been discovered much earlier, and the chance of t her capture would not have been so poor as i it is at the present stage. We understand that about half-a-dozen warrants are out for her arrest. In reference to a controversy 86 to" the earliest Christmas or New Year's card, it is pointed out that in the P.int-room of the British Museum there exists a print repre senting the infant Jesus with the wishes for a happy new year, it is an engraving executed in Lower Germany in the second half of the I ftftesutlj century. AT a meeting of the trustees of the Mount Gambier Institute on Thursday it was resolved that the library should be closed until March 18, and that subscribers be requested to return all books belonging to the library now in their possession. An advertisement appears in another column in reference to this. POTATO GBOWERS' UNION. - A general meeting of members of the Potato Growers' Union is called for this afternoon at 4 o'clock. HOSPITAL.-During the month ended Feb ruary 29 the number of patients admitted to the Mount Gambier Hospital was 23; 12 were discharged, and 43 remained in on that date. The number of out-patients treated during February was 64. 