lyngakd court. • . CHAPTER Iir. CONTINUED. 'Dr. LasceliesI' announced a footman, in stentorian tones, throwing the door open to admit the new tenant of the " Wilderness, who looked singularly handsome in his evening dress—.o, at least, Avice thought. Immediately afterwards the party from Lyn gard Court entered, Maraquita standing be hind Lady Lyngard with the sort of.proud humanity her manner usually exhibited when outside the immediate home circle; for she was keenly alive to the anomaly of her position, and ultra-sensitive lest she might be suspected of attempting to pre sume upon it. , 'Mamma, I pn so glad you and May will know cnch other at last! exclaimed Avice, drawing the young girl forward ; and Mrs. Foley, looking up, saw before her a tall, slim figure, clad in a cheap black lace dress, and with only a bunch of scarlet geraniums at the throat by way of ornament —a girl of beauty so striking that it was no wonder she stood for a moment speechless, staring at her almost as if she had been a ghost, or some image of a bygone post. As she was acknowledging the introduc tion, dinner was announced, and they all adjourned to the other room, Sir Piers and Lascelies giving their arms to the two matrons, and the young girls following to gCToan onlooker that dinner party would liave seemed one of those pretty, home pic ■ lures the eye delights to dwell on. The table, with its snowy damask, glittering ■ silver, cut-glass, and delicate flowers ; Avice and Maraquita, each representing a differ ent, but equally attractive typo of beauty; the two elder ladies with the glancing light of diamonds and sapphires flashing in their ■attire ; and lastly, Sir Piers and Lascelies-— both men in their respective ways remark able— all' combining to make a picture in which every element seemed harmony. When the ladies had retired to the draw ing-room,'Mrs. Foley made room for Mara '• quita on the couch beside her. ' Come and sit near the fire, she said; : ' it struck me at dinner you looked rather . C°Maraquita smilingly, denied the imputa ' ,tion, but nevertheless obeyed the request, \ and was so placed that her face caught the full light of the lamps, while that of her • . hostess was in shadow. i ' < Perhaps you Have been accustomed to a warmer climate than this,' went on the cider lady, speaking in a far more gracious ■ tone than was her wont to her social in \- feriors. 'You came from France, I be lieve?' i y . 'Yes.' " ^ 1 ' But you had been1 in! England before ? ' Not for many years.' ' ' Still yon are English ?' persisted Mrs. .'v Foley. ■<' . - H''' ■ • «1 think so—oh 1 yes, of course I am 1 ; ' she respondecl, rather confusedly, and grow ^ing vividly red as she spoke. ' I often thought of sending Avice ■ to '' school in,Bruxelles, in order to perfect her '•-Frencli. X suppose they speak the language as well there us in Paris '' : i v ' I don't know. I never was in Bruxelles. \- Or Paris ?' • v: •• i - • yes' — after a perceptible pause ---'a havo been in.Paris,,but not.to school,' , ' Ah I.I thought you wcreeducated there. i No—I was educated in Normandy.' > , And Avice tells me you are an orphan,' " said Mrs. Foley, taking her hand with an air of almost affectionate sympathy. 'Do ■ you remember much of your parents, or did they die irt your infancy ?' ' Mv mother died when I was in the con sent and I recollect hardly anything of her ; my father she hesitated, growing pale, and at a loss how to continue. She was saved the trouble, of deciding,' for at that minute Sir Piers Lyngard and Doctor Las celies entered the room, and the former im mediately crossed over, and took up his position on the hearth-rug, opposite his hostess. ' Mrs. Foley, I have made a discovery, he said, smiling as his eyes met hers. Shall I tell it you, or keep it to myself ? • Give me the'benofit of it, by all means, she responded, graciously; ' discoveries wore certainly not intended to remain the ■ sole property of thoir originator.' ' Then you" shall have it. I find there exists a most striking likeneis between you and Miss Leigh.' . , 'Nonsense ! ' she exclaimed, sharply, and "with an uneasy laugh. 'What can possibly have put such un idea in youf "^aa? 4 Nothing save the fact itself. I appeal to you, Miss Foley, and to Doctor Lascelies to corroborate my statement, , They both looked round from the book of engravings they were turning over, and studied the two faces on the couch. Yes, there could bo no denying the truth of bir Piers' assertion, for the resemblance^ as they.sat together, was undoubtedly striking. Tnere were the same level brows, the same dark eves, and straight, delicately chise led, Ho so—the only feature presenting 21 jn&rkcd; dissimilarity was the mouth, for while (lie young girl's lips were full and sensitively curved, Mrs. Foley's were extremely thin, and had something of merciless determina tion in their close clasp. ' How strange that 1 never noticed it be fore!' exclaimed Avice. 'Wliv, mamma, May is much more like you 'linu I am ! ' That she very easily might be, seeing you are the image of your father'' retorted Mrs. Foley, apparently far from pleased at the remark. ' Miss Leigh mid I have the same coloured hair and eyes, but that is all. Come,' she added, rising, as if to put an end to the discussion, ' let us have some music. Do you play, Miss Leigh (' ' A little.' 'The invariable young Indy formula!' laughed Sir Piers, going to the piano, and opening it; 'it may mean so much, or so little. I wonder,' he added in a low tone, as Marnquita took lier seat—' what inter pretation will be placed upon it in this in stance !' She did not answer, but sang a little pathetic German ' Volkslied' in a sweet, full contralto that had evidently been carefully trained, and was as musical as a peal of sil ver bells. ' You hide your lights under a bushel,' he observed, as she finished; ' I did not know you could sing.' ' I do not see how you could be expected to know it,' she answered, coldly, and with the curious reserve that wasalwajs in her voice when she spoke to him. ' Why so ?' ' Because I am a stranger to you.' ' Not quite,' he said, loaning his elbow on the top of the piano, and standing in such a position as to prevent her leaving the music stool. ' I came home nearly a week ago, and have seen you every day—although, to do you justice, you have tried as much as possible to avoid me ' I suppose you have not forgiven the little ruse I practised upon you. Is that it?' She turned over the leaves of some songs she had taken up, and did not reply, while he, looking down on her, found himself wondering at the length and beauty of the lashes Iving on her richly-tinted cheeks. ' Besides,' he continued, ' the term " strangers " is a relative one; some people may be acquainted for years, and yet deserve it, while others, after a couple of days' in troduction, know eacli other almost as well as if their whole lives had been spent to gether. There is such a thing as instinctive, sympathy, remember.' ' And instinctive antipathy!' ' Assuredly. Do you meun to infer suclr is your present state of mind with regard to" myself ?' He put the question laughingly, and bent his head to look into her eyes while .await-' ing the answer. , , ., u v ' Would it riot be rude to declaro it,", ev'eri if it were true?' she responded, with a glance of demure mischief that Avice; her self might have given. * , ' Perhaps so, according- to' the world's code—for which I don't 'care one little bit——' J i • Pray give us another song, Miss Leigh !' put in Mrs. Foley's voice, at this juncture—, she had been watching the tete- a-tete at the piano, and thought it quite time it should be put an end to. Maraquita complied, not altogether scrry for the inteiruption, seeing that she had been betrayed into a certain familiarity of tone with Sir Piers, which was the very last thing she desired* As a matter of fact, there were two ele ments at work within her when she. was, speaking to him—the one born of her pride, which in the past had been so terribly humiliated that it made her shrink from a man's notice as a thing to be dreaded, lest it should turn to insult; and the other a subtle attraction that she did her best to struggle against, and which lent to her manner a chilling hauteur that would have repelled a good many men,, but which rather served to fascinate him by reason of its novelty. She had been so accustomed to the so ciety of men to whorii the word " woman " meant only an amusement for their leisure hours, a distraction from the cares of busir ness, perhaps—at best, a toy to- be played with, and then cast aside, that it was small wonder she had lost all faith in chivalry, or , that she should draw hack from admiration, however delicately it might be expressed. Besides this, and underlying it all, was the consciousness of her secret—a consciousness that seemed to have weighed on her even more heavily since the baronet's return than it had done before. As she finished her song, Mrs. Foley came up. and laid her hand on her shoulder. ' I have been asking, and have obtained permission for you to Btay here the night,' she observed, in her most winning tones; "Avice talks of skating to- morrow, and will be delighted to have you for a com panion.' ' You are very kind,' said the young girl, rather surprised at this display of friendli ness from one who had been held up to her as the very incarnation of haughty exclusive ness; ' but Lady Lyngard ' ' You need not think of Lady Lyngard— she and I have arranged everything satis factorily,' was fhe smiling retort—'all, you have to do is to yield a passive acquiescence to plans already made.' And so it was decided she should remain until the next day, and Sir Piers and Lady Lyngard took leave, and drove off with Dr. Lascelles, who they would drop on their way. After their departure, Avice said,— • May will sleep with me to-night, mother.' •She will do nothing of the sort,' replied Mrs. Foley, composedly ; ' I have had a fire lighted in the white-room ; and I certainly shouldn't think of running the risk of let ting y u two girls get together, and sit up talking half tho night, as, of course, you would do if you had tho opportunity.'. Avice pouted, but experience had taught her the futility of attempting to battle against her mother's will, even when that mother was an indulgent one, so she said nothing; and Mrs. Foley, who insisted on Maraquita having some wine to neutralize the effocts of a strange bed, and make her sleep, went to a side table, on which was a silver tray, holding decanters. She poured out a glass of sherry, and then, glancing round to make sure she was unobserved, dropped in a very small quantity of dark coloured liquid out of a bottle she took from her pocket, after which she handed the wine to her guest. TO HE CONTINUED. 