*' Fear God; Speak evil of none; Stick to the Truth; and never be done.' \ BRISBANE : SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 9, 1884. George Bashford on the labor Question. The GreatM Libs." boast that there is no work that a white man cannot do in the tropics, and that colored labor for Queensland is nbt needed. One of the most ^consistent of the Great " Libs.-' is George Bashford. At the last elections heconte&ted; two seats in the in terest of the present Government, and I remember that George, on these occasions, went the whole hog in his opposition to. colored ; labor. But I have a wonderful revelation to make, abd that is that George has .^hanged Ids views on the labor question. He liims^lf iib,my authority. It will bei remembered that a contract for making the Mourilyan SiigroOompany's tramway. George has communi catedhia* experiences in making thiB work in a'series of lettera i» the Townsville Herald. i Writing* in that journal, of February 1st, he reminds the public that .he had previously declared himself rtas being strongly opposed to the employment of Chinese, Kanakas, or any other class of colored labor, either on, the sugar plantations, tramway works, or in any place where the adoption of it could be possibly avoided/' Next, he admits that), after a second visit " in the height of a tropical summer," he has entirely changed his views \- on the colored labor question. George then goes on to say that his experience proves that " white men cannot do the work required o? them in railway under takings in a country and climate similar to that of the north." v ■ These are Gorge's own words, and they are the best answer to Griffith's bogpaB cry. # ■" In order to prove hw staitement, George gives the following time-tabled^ Date, ' ' Torned dat Worked Retired ■; January, 1884. to work, fall time. sick. Monday 14 ... 76 ... 42 ... 34 Tuesday 15 74 ... 40 ... 34 "Wednesday 16 " ... 63 ... - : 29 ... 34 Thursday 17 ... 71 ... 36 ... 35 Eriday 18 ... 71 ... 37 ... 34 Saturday 19 ... 72 ... . 33 ... 39 427 217 210 This is equal to a loss of fifty per cent, in labor; and, jagain to quote iGeorge Bashford,.*' a very serious one in timeand money tio the contractbrs,andwhich also tells greatly against the boasted stamina of the white laborers in any climate." ■ George then says that last December " it was found absolutely necessary to employ fifty Chinamen, and now there are 180 of these gentry at .work. • G-ood news this for.our white men's Gbverflmept" - - ft i;is stated that |h6 Chlnkies get sick oc(»ra6na^y« but nothing to th^ ie^tent that the white men do. The wages of lie^wMte men, 8/- td 11/? per diem, and Chinam6h 5/2 pier diem. George then goes on to describe \ how the Chinkie works, and speakB in high terms of his capabilities— I am, therefore, much against my inclination, in summing up the case, " White v. Yellow,'' and calculating the high- wages paid to the European, his inability to stand the climate, and the loss andVihte&nvdinenfee; caused by his constantly knocking, off work, compelled unhesitatingly to give my verdict .in favor of the Asiatics, and I regfird them and;, Kanakas , as being the only fit form of. labor- for the northern; sugtir.; lands.' Moreover, I consider,*and it is my firm opinion,that any .railway contractor asking white ihen to. come up to these partsduring the summer months to do navvies' work, and objecting to the employment of Chines^ in a dense scrub country, shoidd be compelled to work himself , to see how he likes it,, then he will soon confess that thework in question is only fit .for Chinese and Polynesians, and wjll quickly make no bones about engag ing them. .-. If aiiy railway or Mother contractor or employer c|f labor is of a different opinion to mine, let him come up here ana see for him self what I have seen* and experienced daily on this line, viz., men walking about the semblance of living ghosts, women call ing upon God to deliver them from their sufferings, and men light-headed and. half delirious with fever,* Leaving in numbers for the Townsville 'Hospital, andlguaratitee that in a very short;time he will'speedily be converted to my way of thinking. Personally speakpg, I sincerely trust that I may never have a railway contract,*>r.auy share of one for such another under taking in a similar district to the present, as I would much1pre fer td^ve. in dear, old Limestone, on half rationp and a three penny shandygaff under my belt as a daily allowance. Such are George Bashford's opinions, and I com mend them to the attention of Samuel Walker Griffith and his colleagues. I would also recommend Billy Brookes, and all other fanatics opposed to colored labor,~$o adopt Bashford's suggestion, and go up and have a spell at navvy-work in the north. 