SFOfipG NOTES. . '. v. ffHsmufiKEXt" fae yictorifi® i Amafeeor Torf Ciob will fpr |b€ itmnsepasnt- pf "Iovws of ioing Wedj .lihoen f?4io Jnumsy to maj WoaeomQ gnod«part. The I events were pnh- m ¥?D;feodt al&oo; has i heen some dieeatisfaction expreseed hv e few ; f owners, Mr. Barnard has been fairiv sheeesE- 1 m L in perforininE ha nnthankful task. Sport Will be ushered iq with- the Selling Bate, bnt as the gfiSRlt Witt be debendent nn mnrtof- considerations, ft is premature to venture an opinion as to. the: probable winner. . Tfae beld Jot tlie Hurdle Baee/oompriges hali adzen, rafid of that ntHbbbr; I Jrmlfee to the bhanoee of Yangoardand Midnight (late Napoleon.) Gakleigh handicap promises to f Ornish a most interesting bohtest, and wffchoat entering into a lengthy analysis pt; the ments pf the different candidates, 1 itnay Btote that i fancy the cha&ees; of -Maloa, David, ' Vietress, Precioas Stone. land Madcap, and to narrow the -.1/.a-iisito-:. bQPPie torftjyEbj/toe winner. SHcB,M«!an: oalt ito get .home first CHfisiioniu Btekes,- and £aek Scandal or Stampede will<l probably i :«ogply winner! !in the ..Steeple- bhbse; and Chmeribe or Biack Diafitondoght Win tHe. 6o&th; Yarra HandksRp, if Norfolkfr. really woll'X sbbijid 3ook no tHtoh®r.:2IlSi.q»aal >wa> arrangemete will be made, hnd tr«ms i will leave Prince's-brHge for the Oitilfield <piatlora»a8 dftfertas requiredf. Dande. -» snififirerit to show what well- directed energy can do. An iafldentiai body jf -stewards havfi.-ponsent® to set, abd Mr. Jowles wiU mi the dual., ompa ofl lapdieapper ane, Iglefcheetar ting WiU ie |n trusted to the p&pble; bands of Mr . G. Wat I oa. A neat little programme of seveM events I has been published.AQoicnpriMng the Mkiden Plate, of 15 aovs.TKbotit omfmile ; Oakleigh I Handicap, of 25- sibStPthree-qo&rtere; 1 of a mile ; SeUihg fia of lO' eo abom four farlongsoAl&odeoQngvfiandicap;, off tilaovs.. one mile and a'tfoarter ; Members' I gentlemen Wers ; Hto∩&hraiA;Baoef pfBO so vs., one I S11? ' a" bklf, And Oonsolation I Stakes, offi) av£, ?4boiifr sii" jMflopgs. iSciJ beheve, enrely dae toMr. d. Gr. Heywoed, who has I recently laid down A good rannino trsc at I fits; farm, clope to ; Dandenong, >nd has gemBTphsly prpmieed to erect a grandstand and otber necessary buildings for the con venience of the club onlnf his own pocket. I-,?' .ox ha8 pat foiWWd a well-arraoged Jill of fare for the meeting to be held at Moonee Valley on Satucday, the 22nd inst., comprising HandicapflnrdleRace, of 50 sovs., abpnt one mile, and :a half ; the Haltmile i Handicap, of 50 so vs., fcrar furlongs Selling . Raee, of 50 sovs., five furlongs; Handicap , Stwplechase, of 50 sovs. ; And Three-quarter | Mile Handicap, of 60 sovs„ six fprlongs. A feature in the steeplechase will be that the ;new water-jump will have to be negotiated, and as the nominations foreaoh event are : only a " sov.," there is pretty sure to be eood fields mall the events. ; ; v Capital entrleriaVe been received for the ? Granbourne meeting crn the 29th inst. " The Hurdle Race field ofventeen engaged ; half a dozen have been nominated for ih< Steeplechase ; .levenLfor-flie Handicap, and enkifor the Gonntry Purse. a!lotKnB si in the OkJfieigh Handicap, rfMr. vRamard has .been unjustly savere, and Ivai n ot srpnsed the owner of the son of Thequlre was sodlssatisfied that fWbipa«H .'iJ-voY L Altnongn an effort was . made to save Magnet, who bro|e his feaqek-in the race for fche Aqstralian Cpp, the Tnlury, on ezamina- 1 tibn, proved fe be so' serious ifiat it was found MeocHssary "to destroy Mm the. day after the race. Magnet was very stoutiy bred, as be was by the inppoi hbree Vagabond, by \- Kingston — Fronc,fiy3?ouchBtone, from Magio Lantern, by Fireworks. He was a.veiy bril- ! iant perform rtfi and though be'was Mot suo- cesfiil as a. tlree-year-old, be won the Three 1 spa F our Yearj Old- Handieap at ttie V;B.O. Summer Meeting lalt year, beating The Plunger, .A nglesey, and other speedy per tormerS. e also apprppriatbd ie Sale 1 Handicap r4nd the Veteran, Stakes and Mid- Summer rfandioap. At tbe time of the 5!nt :te.M¥ o?ng >ery etrongly, and mbuy good judges fanci irig ebknee very mpcb, 6q ttbt, fcis Joss is to be greatlv re I gretted. . ? J « worthy f Imitation, I Mr. xnoioas Ghirnside has narued some of I his receiitly- porohased. The brown filly, by Grand Flaneur— Ank, has beeu christened Prooelia ; brown filly, by Maribjrncng— | SiIvot Bell, Gampanilla ; brswa &ly;, by Amfcgg|c|,or — Eugenie (dam, jpf Jtfibhie J Embassyj brewnfiUy,tA--Amethist', Rarity 5 bay colt, by Tte Demosthenes; The yeailings pMttfeiked have also been aptly named as folto#8—The colt, by King of the BiiMaid of All Work, The Pencil 7 colt, by Bowling Green— Fie Fi6, Derision; colt, by Slanderer — Sgina, Oirew; eolt. by PrcAo-martyr — Lady Aveoci, Albanos; colt, by ThePDook— Signet. The Trawler. Daring the week L received a communica tion from Mr. G> Pyers complaining of the remarks I made in; a recent number of The i WeekUf Times itt reference to hia horse Arch duke. When I stated that the hcrse was not good enough to justify his being trained with a view of competing successfully on the metropolitan racecourses, my remarks were based upon the expressed opinion of ttie trainer, Mr. Dakin, who tried -the horse, and findiug him wanting, very conv 1 BclentionBly, I think, . returned him bo his owner with the Intimation that he was not good enbugh to warrant he expense of his being trained. Nuoing that everybody's geese are swans, 1 c«n understand that the owner of Archduke doeB not like, his hone spoken lightly of, bat the remark that the condition ,of the horse was impaired daring his sojoarn at Plemington is not- borne out, ihg that he waa able to win so soon after bid return when pitted against horses of his class. t have been wqaesfcteil to fiotify th&i; I William Robinson, the trainetj of Newmarket I is not identical with a Welsher of that name, I who, in fipmfi&fiy; With another man, was. I prosefedied againfct at the City Polide-CQur I Per betting on the hfll at FlCmlpton without I a licence, and Ifevahting with the money I deposited by the backet's", j Pressure of apace compels a review of the I late V.E <3\. Autumh -Meeting being held ovsf.- i ' ' .: \ ? Among the nainerous gatherings to be held on Monday cext. St. Patrick's Day, Pone will be more popular thafi the gathering which will be held on the bahks of the C imp asps, onder the Ahspices of the tKynstoii District 1 «a«ng uiao. I St. Patriclfs Day will be' cetebraild at I Elsternwlck Park by thC Victorian Trotting I piQb, and as a diversified programme Of 'five I interesting events' wifl be gone throdgb, those I who visit the' well- appointfed tirack : of the I V.T.G. may rely Upon a pleasant bd'.ing I Following th| eikmple ol Mr. J. j Whittinghath, Meears. Miller, , and: other j cnbhaeiatts, Mr. 4. G. Heywood, of Gaulfield, I has laid down' ari excellent running trail at j nis farm at Dandenong, where he intends to j train the horses in his cnargfe, at cetiain. J fireaExms of the yfear, - I Gastaay; who Wdd pUroh&sed; by Mr< J. j R Go Well at Moonee Volley last week, has I gone into Fbulsham's stables. j From the Sporting Life, I learn that I Scottish Chief, a once fashionable atallion, I has been sold recently at auction for £300,; I and will go to France, Seven years ago, Mr.! I Blenkiron gaVte £?fiOO fnr hiin. i j ThB same authcriiy conveys the iatelli-j gence tfiat Mr Thomas -Pickeraell whb, Ii believe, is an AnstreHan, .and_rhas ridden in; several steeplechases, in Tasmania, and as Mr. Thopaas was succeenfaMn the Iiiverpool Grand National Steeplechase on The .Jjamb In 1871, and Fathfinder in 1877, has been appointed inspector of ateepleah&sa; Courses by the »Gred National Hunt - Committee. In I the event of any qaestion arisihg as to the proper constr uctiotr of a steeplechase course, ttie adyiceof rMr.' PickerneD wbo wUl forthwiib repOTtto Ihe stosrarde. - , i-' Mr.Fehnelly hasdepartelto Sydney with' Martini-Henry; Morpeth, Segenhoe, Bargo, Despot! Salvo, Iolanthei- "'The hurdie-raoer . FirstTTy did not- return, as Jbe: Wak eold to » Mr,. WeukETou Mohday last for r pineiy-five ' guineas.'"' 5 1. ; The Tasznanian , champion hurdle racer, ' WeafCoast, followed up hns recent successes : by winning the j umping event at the recent ; meeting held at SbreH. " I toe, toot that : Prodigal carried off the Flying Handicap nt ' the same meeting- ' 5 ? | ,Seyeral ; wdl-knowp racehprses were sah- ! mlttod at the Pastoral Hotel on Monday, but I the bidding was very fiati, And only. & few lots j changed hands. That arrant rogue, Country - J man, late Getewayo, / was knooked down for J 180 guintos to Mr. Weeks, , who alto tobured I The Bohemian iar TOO guineas. ' Mr. B. j Howie gave 75 gulnus for Boitoerous, and 1 Caractapus," b$ Grendmaster Myrtle, toll to j Mr. Davis for 100 guineas. King aSon, half- I brother to LesbiaV'went to Mr. Brown for 55 1 guineas. Petrel, Andover, and several others I were knooked down, but I believe they were J not sold. j With praiseworthy punctuality, the stakes I won at the late V.R.C. AutranrTMeetingwere 6 paid over on Tuesday. The Ho& T, Wh te was j again the largest cheque-taker with" L2.93S J 10s: , mhtle up of firtt m the Austrian Gup I with Morpeth, first in the St7: Ler with I Martini Henri, first in-ihe Ascot Vale Stakes J and first in the"- Alf-aglT'Stak as with Bargo, I and first:in the Hoi>efal Stakes with Salvo. I Me. _White is a particularly fortunate owner, j and has won the large, sum of L8.il 4 in stakes I m Vicfconar sjnee November Mast." The other I amounts paid'away were as follows Mr. D. 1 S. "Wallace, first in Champion Stakes, LI, 410 , J first in Corinthian Cup, L150 ; second in iNew- J market Handicap, L50 ; second in Free Handi- I cap, L50 ; third in Australian Cup and LlO for second in Firet Hurdle Race; tot 1, LI, 720, Mr. I J. O. Inglis, . first in Newmarket .'Handicap, I LI, 276. Mr. S. Cooke, first in Brunswick Stakes, L402 10s. ; first in First Hurdle Race, L266 ; Becond in Corinthian Cup, L61 10s. ; I L730. Mr. S. Barnard, first in Sires' Produce Stakes, L.6L1 ; second in Ascot Vale Stakes, L100 ; total, L711. Mr. W. Branch, first in Autumn Handicap, L300 ; second in Champion Stakes, L200 ; second in Stakes, L50 ; second in Brunswick Stakes, L50 ; total, L600. Mr. J. Forrester, first in Bourke Handicap, L396; second in Autumn Handi- ?a?J.L5 i -total, L401. Mr. O. F. Palmer, first m Steeplechase, L346. Mr. S. Mahon, first in Free Handicap, L3B6. ;Mr. M. Jacohs, first m Nursery Handicap,- L314. Mr. first in Maiden Plabe. L196 LOs. Mr.XF. Snllivan, first in-Second Hurdle Race, L186 10s. Mr, W. Gannon, second in Australiau Gup, L100 ; third in BruMwick Stakes, L25 ; total, L125. Hon. W. Pearson, third m Champion Stakes, L100 : I m t m-S8 Handicap, L25 ; total, L125. Mj. J. Wfiittmgham, second in Bourke Han! ! .8eTrnd in Nursery Handicap: j T ?« 1 t Newmarket Handicap ; total, | I L120. Mr. «T. Reynolds, breeder of The ' Tirmer'i?Sllier<iLthe S,lres! F»ce Stakes, -LiLUO. lhese, with smaller shms for second &A; ted,- make -toe tbtal TlMd Away TheTmrdle racehorse Napoleon, engaged at ihe V.A.T.C. meetmg at Gaulfield to-day, has beete. re-fiamed Midnight. . A trotting match came off last, week, for . £100 a-side, between Mr. Aikin's Boxer and a high-stepper the property 6t Mr. Xaceton, of Lonsdale street. The torses were in boggy harness, the eofirse Being to the Bis tern wick hotel, ahd the starting point on Bis St. Kilda read, opposite the Barracks. The horses kept wellftogether, and an exoititiog finish resulted in the race being declared a drew. A better decision, however, would probably have been given had not some doubt existed, as to toe exact position ed the winning-post. Another match between the $air is spoken tof Mr. B. Weeks, the owner of Sting and Foltio, returned from India by the mai) feteamer in time to witness the concluding -day of the V.B.G. Autumn Meeting. Apropos of the racing, I noticed some queer things in connection with the running of one or two horses, and, considering that one of them landed a good stake for his owners on the firet day of the meeting, his subsequent per formances were ao remarkably strange as to justify an inquiry. However, no notice was taken of the biattet officially, though it was well kehWn in the paddock that he was not & "sdinber' on such occaeidn. The other horse referred to will he ecst recognised as being a particularly warm favourite for a certain handicap on Thursday. How he became favourite no one exactly knowe, \- thofijgh manv eeerhed to regard the - venture as s certain method of palling up for losses sustained' on the events earlier in the day. Some wise ones, however, shook their heads, ' and alluded significantly to toe Adelaide Cap, of 2.000 sovs.; in which it is thought this same horse -will cut a prominent figure. Fortunately, however, for the interests of other owners who always ''go for the cake," as our American cousins say, "there is a sweet little oheroh that, eits up aloft " in the shape of a handicapper who is able to negative these attempts at hood vy inking by keeping the weight np when be thinto thdt a hdrse is not ridden to win. f tiate fast bight I heard 'that Fpulsham untends to. si&op; in.jthe Oakleigh Handicap Ataulfitold toy with King's Head, bo I would advisfc those -who visit the coarse to keep ah eye on the son of Emperor. The erecative of she Ballsret Turf Glob have etery reason to feel Sttiefied with toe boniinstiotis which were received on Thnrsday ldst, and il thS handicapper is fortunate, no doubt the pBeetihg will be vtov sacoess.faf The Novel Selling Race has half a score engaged, the- Hurdle Race fourteen, Easter Handjca trelye, teepleohase. blesven, and Dowling Forest Stakes eighteen. . ! c With the A-JjC meeting looming in toe; distacce, our Sydney visitors lost no time in : returning to Sydney, knd as most of the ; Adelaide horses leave for South Australia, a : quiet Will reign -orer head- quartoire, which' will nof be relieved nntil fue Grand National Meeting comes srbutid. v Martindale" says ; — " Npt a few. of my : readers -no doubt will be somewht surprised to hear that Virginia, by :Wiliiath Teli (Who wak'tlto sire oTAreher) from Cressida, by Meonides from Alice Grey, fay Emigrant, is still in the land of the living. Virginia- wte bred by Mr. M-Kellar in this colony, but is now the propferty of Mr. TV. H. Taggart, a -New Zealand gentleman, and is lwentykix years old. Last season she- was put to Le Loupthc result being a very fine colt ToabT1.; ' " ' ViArT.G. &retchings.;— Criterkm Btakes; Firate King, Frenchman, Scandal. Gratitude, , Nejnptoitina, Raccaotor, GipSy" Kihg, Kmg- ship, -Lady - BowEna, ohandtoioe, : Lord Exeter, i Garfield, -Ambassadress, The'Aetor, Blncher "Willania, Hafosen, Nifreari; Hr- biuger, Real Tam, Jackdaw,- Zenith, Bufup, Merrimn, IRafeien,- WarXry,; DepOrelto, vTimtoionInyictus, J etoiffy; TUdlto, Mere wm, Fe£u3K$<tii. OakTaghHandicap: Xiddibg- ttoi. Chotor. - Wdcoma 7 Jack,: Andante, : Ttorricane, " Maid of Longford, Squireen Dagmar, Beaumont, Archie, Brown and Rose, Napier, Priestess, Paganini, Kathleen; Conjectnre, Bassasio, Claptrap, Phantom, Waterloo; Tumult, Trump Yoss, Uproarious, Emiiius, Caractacus, Beeswax, IVBddiOTnarch, Country Bt>y, St. J!olto» Blato piamimd, Polly, The Ghost. The Bohemian, Pyrette, Cnltie. South Yarra ' Handicap: Majlua, King of the Vale, Castiaway, Poliioj Boolka. Selling R&oe;: General Scobeloff. Bijou Steeplechase: Napoleon. Ail engage ments: Trumpeter. 