NORTH V. SOUTH. This match was commenced on the upper ground yesterday in the presence of a fairly numerous attendance, which may be accounted for by the fact of the other counter attractions. The weather was superb; in fact, nothing was left to wish for in this re- spect The wickets provided were the very pink of perfection, running as true as a hair, and Long certainly may be said to have ox called himself this time. Looking at this fact may in some way account for the long scores made by the South. The bowling of the North was not to say below the average, and the really perfect wicket may account for its getting punished in the way. it did. Of course no one over anticipated that the South would make the score they did, and the fine batting performances of Gatohouso, Harris, and Burn was a treat to witness. Gatohouso unfortunately spoilt the merit of his long score by two or three chances, but nevertheless his performance for a youngster was a grand one. The most perfect cricket of the day was played by Yero Harris, his Go being made without the shadow of a chance Bum pushed him very closely and gave an exhibi- tion, of real sterling cricket. J. G. Davies showed a lot of his old form for his 35, losing his wicket in an aggravating manner. All the rest of the team crept into double figures, with the exception of Kendall and Swan. For the Northerners Martin played a meritorious innings, which was characterised by untiring patience. Sidebottom hit up his 20 in quick sticks, going more for a short life than a merry one. The bowling analyses will speak for themselves, Mansfield being the most successful for the North, although he was rather expensive. As the play stands now it is rather in favour of the South, but on such a wicket there is every reason to be Hove that long scores will be the order of the day, and the North may just manage to pull it out of the fire, THE PLAY. The southern skipper won the toss and elected to bat, sending in Gatohouso and Vere Harris, who were opposed by the bowl- ing of Sidebottom and Mansfield. Harris safely negotiated the first over from Side- bottom, which was a maiden. It was now Gatehouse's turn to face Mansfield. The third ball of this bowler's he drove for a single ; off the rest of the over nothing was obtained. Gatohouso then faced Sidebottom, and off the third ball of the over a single was obtained. The next Harris got hold of properly, and away it travelled to square-leg for four. The first of Mansfield's next was snicked by Gate- house in the slip for a single, and the second Harris cut beautifully, and clean to the chains, for four. Both batsmen it could be soon were now settling down, both bowlers catching it from the batsmen. Gatehouse got Mansfield away to leg for a quartette, and also came down on Sidebottom for a couple of of singles, and a nice straight drive along the carpet for a brace. Harris, meanwhile, was ably seconding his partner, and runs came ' plentifully on top of one another. A splendid square-leg hit, by Gatohouso, off Mansfield, registered four more, and a brace added by Vera Harris, brought 30 up. The Northern sleipner now deemed a changeless sary, Mansfield, especially, having got fits, and Sams was deputed to supersede him. The change seemed anything but beneficial, as Harris cut his third for 3, Gatohouso supplementing matters by driving the same trundled to the chains for a quartette. Thirty went, and Southern supporters became jubilant as the runs came tumbling fast on top of one another. in Gatehouse, who had now 25 to his credit, hit one of Sidebottom's up to Savigny, at long-off. This fieldsman, however misjudged it, and the batsman got off. Grateful for this lot-off this player set to work in a most vigorous manner, treating both bowlers to a taste of his prowess. The next noteworthy hit was a beautiful cut by Harris, off Same. This caused GO to go up. This state of affairs caused the Northern skipper to put Gow on in Sidebottom's place. Gatohouso greeted this bowler by placing him between the wickets for a single, Harris ably seconding him by driving him to the off for a brace-SO, 90, and 100 went up amid applause, and both batsmen looking as if they were set for a week.; Mansfield replaced Sams, and Pen 'nofathertbok- Gow's place. The latter over was a regular eye-opener for him, hitting liim- congqautivoly for three 4's and cutting him for two". " Mansfield sent down a maiden to Harris for a change, and Pennefather, after his rough usage, was taken off, and succeeded by Savigny. This bowler's over produced 7, Harris Doing credited with i and Gatehouse with 3. Gatohouso was doing the bulk of the scoring, and now running away from Harris. L. Sams took Savigny's place, but runs seemed fated to come. Gatehouse then had another Ufo given Win by Martin through sky ing one up behind the wickets. The match, however, was a difficult one. At last the much desired wish of the Northern skipper for a separation was. gratified, Harris being thrown out by Lucas in attempting a run. This was unfortunate, as this player was playing a superb game, his score of 65 being made without the ghost of a chance. 163 165 was the state of the game as E. Maxwell stopped., This player opened proceedings by hitting Mansfield to leg for a couple. L. Sams was taken off, and Sidebottom once more put on. Both players, however, scored freely, especially Gatohouso, who was sitting 3's and 4's to his Score with inconceivable rapidity, and the scoring board showed 190. Maxwell then gave a hot chance to Gow at mid-off, who dropped it. The next ball he received from Mansfield was a little too much for him, and he retired. 2-11-195. Tabart filled Maxwell's place, and broke his duck by a poke between the wickets off Mansfield. His next contribution was four to square leg off Sidebottom, which put 200 up. Meanwhile Gatohouso was hitting merrily away, and 220 speedily went up. Gate-' house's time had now" come,. Mansfield taking- his off stump. 3-133-220. As this player entered the pavilion he received a perfect ovation for his magnificent score. The vacancy was filled, up by;K.."Burn, who played the first three or four overs very warily. When 230 went up he lost his part-' nor, who was caught by 'Lucas attain-on.' 4-11-230. O. W. Butler partnered Burn, and as the bowling at this period was on the "wicket both batsmen played cautiously Butler opened his score by driving Mansfield to the off for a single. With Mansfield this player was evidently not at home, and he had several narrow shaves from the bowler. Burn was playing with extreme caution, and both batsmen seemed content with small scores. ' Butler totted up 17, and then succumbed to one of Mansfield's. 5-17-250. At this point of the game the luncheon bell rang, and the usual adjournment was made. After luncheon Burn was partnered by his captain. Davies opened his account by cutting Mansfield's fifth ball to the chains for a quartette, Burn ably sconding him by driving Sidebottom to the on for a brace. Runs for a time came slowly, the bowling being dead on. Davies broke the monotony, by again cutting Mansfield for another 4, which he followed up by driving this bowler's last through the chains for a similar number. This brought 200 up. Both players were now playing coolly and confidently. R- Sams took Mansfield's place, and his appearance was greeted by the captain snicking him for a single. 300 now went up, and on its being hoisted a hearty round of class welcomed it. Watson now put Gow on again at the pavilion end, and the change had a good effect, Davies placing his second ball, which he couldn't got undorsufficiontly into Watson's hands, who was fielding short-leg close in. 6-33-311. E. Swan was the seventh man, and he had just time to make a single when Gow clean bowled him. 74-76. O. J. Maxwell was the next to face Gow, whom he sent to square-leg for 4. This placed 320 up, and each player still scoring freely Max well notably. At 343 Gow put a trimmer into Maxwell. 8-15- 313. T. Ryan supplied the vacancy, and commenced to play in a very confident and free manner, and between them, he and Burn, kept the ball rolling. A yorker from Mansfield at last settled Burn, who was greeted with applause for Wa" masterly innings. 954 361. Kendall was the last man. The first be played, and the next, a Yorker from Mansfield, settled him, and the innings closed for a total of 363. To wipe out this really formidable score, the Northerners first sent in J. Martin and L. Sams to the bowling of Kon- dall and Vere Harris. Kendall, who train died from the lower end, sent down the first , over to Martin, which was a maiden. The first of Harris' over, which was a full pitch, Sams put to leg for a triplet. The fourth ball Martin drove to the chains to the on for a 4, and served his lost ball in the same style, which brought, with the addition of a couple of byes, 10 on the board. Sams then opened his shoulders to Kendall, Sending him to the charge for a quartette, but Tom had his revenge the next ball, Gatehouse catching him magnificently at point with one hand. This feat brought down the house. 1-12-23. Pennefather filled Same' place, and played the first of Kendall's on to his wicket. 2-0-23 was the score as Lawrance sallied forth, that the first he received from Harris clean beat him. 3-0-24 stared at the Northern skipper rather reproachfully as he walked out to join Martin. His first contribu- tion was a single obtained off Harris, and then the play became monotonous, the bowling being tip-top. Watson's reign was short, Kendall taking his off stump. 4-4-32. Mansfield supplied his place, and started with a single off Kendall. He next put Kendall through the chains for four. Two maidens were sent down by both bowlers, and Mansfield added another two to the score, when Burn snapped him up off Kendall at mid-on. 5-10-3!). Lucas was the 11th man, and opened with a fluky snick in the slips off Harris for a triplet. Martin meanwhile was batting in a steady patient manner, being content to augment his score by a single now and then, and the score crept up to 50. Eustace Maxwell was then put on in Harris' place, and his second ball, a Yorker, relegated Lucas to the pavilion. 0-7-53. Side bottom then filed off, and went in straight away for hitting, both bowlers getting served ask. When the score was at 80, Ryan was put on in order to effect a severance. Off his over five were obtained by Sidebottom, one of this player's hits being a clean one over the chains for five. Kendall at last found out his weak point, and sent him to the right about. 7-20-90. R, Sams filled the place of No. 8, and played the rest of Kendall's over safely. The bowling now fairly stuck the batsmen up, maiden after maiden being theodor of the day Sams at length broke the ice by driving Ryan for 4, but the next ball settled him completely. 8-7-97. Savigny now joined Martin, who was really playing well, although Kendall endeavoured now and then to tempt him with a seductive one, but he was not to be had. Extreme caution was the motto of both players, and when time was called they still had their wickets intact, Martin having 34 to his credit, and Savigny 10. Subjoined are the scores SOUTH. O. Gatehouse, li Mansfield. 133 V, Harris, thrown out Lucas 05 . K. Maxwell, b Mansfield F. Tabart, c Lucas, b Sidebottom . J. 14 K. Burn, b Mansfield 54 O. W. Butler, b Mansfield. 17 J. G. Davies, c Watson, b Gow... 35 E. Swan, b Gow 1 C. J. Maxwell, b Gow 95 T. Ryan, not out 19 T. Kendall, b Mansfield 0 Sundries..' 8 Total.303 BOWLING ANALYSIS. Sidebottom; 102 balls, 84 runs, 4 maidens, 1 wicket ; L. Sams, 24 balls, 22 runs ; Mansfield, 210 balls, 83 runs, 6 maidens, 5 wickets ; R. Sams, 66 balls, 2 no balls, 48 runs ; D. Gow, 00 balls, 43 runs, 3 wickets: Pennefather, balls, 12 runs ; Savigny, 12 balls, 9 runs, NORTH. J. Martin, not out. 32 L. Barns, c Gatehouse, b Kendall. 12 G. Pennefather, b Centrals. 0 G. A. Lawrence, 1' 'Harris. 0 ' JL. Watson, b Kc i hall .. .- 4 J. Mansfield, c firm, b Kendall. 10 E A. Lucas, bE Maxwell. 7 W. L. Sidebottom, b Kendall . 20 A. Sams, b T. Branch ' J. Savigny, not out. 10 ' Sundries , TotalS 