ANEODOTIS OP QUIN, \------(O)-- Quin, who stood at the head of his profession until the appearance of Guriok, was a native of Ireland. ' Quin understood the art of good liv ing, Ilis constant allusions to the pleasures of the table, to the merits of well-hung venison, and the delicious flour of John Dories, were merely pleasant, intentional, and ostentatious affeotations, just as was his remark when he first saw Westminster Bridge: " Oh, that my mouth were that centre arch, and that the river ran claret i" When Thompson, the author of " The Seasons," was confined in a sponging-house for a deht of 4"70, Quin went to see him. "I have come to sup with you," said quin, " and, as I suppose it would be inconvenient to have a supper dressed here, I took the liberty of ordering one at the tavern hard by, and I have brought a half dozen ot olaret by way of prelude." Bupper over, the actor said: " It is now time that we should balhnoe accounts. • The pleasure I have had in ,perusing your works I cannot estimate at less than one hundred rounds, and I now insist an acquitting the debt." Saying which he placed a note on the table and disappeared. Travelling with his triend Ryan, in Wiltshire, Quin alighted at an inn, and was told by the landlord that, his Ilouse being fall, he could offer them no bedroom save one whioh was haunted, "The very thing," cried Quin. .' Let us have supnper in the haunted room, and bring us at bottle of your best," The meal despatched, Quin drew his pistols, charged them, and called for mnore wine. " Now," said he, " we are p1epatred ; let the ghost come when he list' Midnight sounded, but no ghost appeared; but, shortly after, a rumb ling noise was heard in the chimney, and a tall figure, attired in customary white and flowing garments, descended, made two or three gestures, but olffred no spiritual violence. Quin took up a pistol and cried: "Angels and ministers of grace, look here. Mr Ghost, I am speaking to you;. and, if you do not this instant acknowledge yourself to be one of the human speciese I'll make a ghost -of you in earnlest I" The apparition fell upon his knotes, and explained that it was the master ot the adjoining house, andt h had con, trived an opening in the olhimney in order to terrify the landlord, anld pro: vail upon him to quit the house, that he, the ghost, might see his own nami awing upoU the sign post, Tihu speotL' was imlnmediately coumpollel to drink a hllumper, the host was sulmmonetd, and the nftlrtunltte aplmarition wals coon. gelled to leave the neighborhood, 