A TRIP TO KANGAROO ISLAND— No. II. [BY BLOSSOM.] Passing Wilson's property we ascended a steep hill, from the summit of which we got a splendid view of the north coastline, and continued our course for some time through country eminently superior to anything we had seen on the trip—a fact which has evidently been recognised as it was all taken up, and clearing was going on rapidly. Changing our course, which continued would have taken us to Pennyshaw, we proceeded in a southerly direction, passing some rich flats on which the first real trees we had seen on the island made their appearance. This sort of land does not, however, exist in any quantity, and what there is of it has all been eagerly taken up. We shortly entered yacka country again, very similar to some of that in Raines, but with somewhat better soil. This is most of it in its original state, but fences round the blocks proclaim that some one has selected the land under one of the numerous clauses of our Land Act. This class of country continued for some distance, and as it was getting late and very cold we grew very weary of it, and were thoroughly gratified when we launched into the Hog Bay river country. It is rather con fusing to travellers that Hog Bay should be on the north side of the island, while the river of the same name discharges itself on the south of the hundred of Dudley. We all re gretted that we passed through this country when it was nearly dark, for it struck us as superior to any we had seen during the trip. Fine rich black soil, and plenty of it, with tall, well- developed bluegums, formed a pleasant relief after the long stretch of monotorons yacka country. We pitched our camp some way down the river on the Government reserve, in sight of two farm houses, and felt as if we were in civilization once more. The land about here is all selected, and the farmers bid fair to do well, for the soil is very good, although patchy; but there is very hard work in the way of clearing for the selectors to get through before any large area can be put under culti- vation. We made an early start next morn- ing, and obstructive fences obliged us soon to strike out into the yacka country again, better land probably than most we had seen under similar vegetation, but anything but tempting at that. Along the creeks the soil appears to be excellent, but the hills come so close that this class of land is of very limited extent, in fact the more we progressed on our journey the more we were impressed with the idea that there was very little good land on the island. We passed some more good soil at the head of Chapman's River which had been taken up, and then struck across a large area of yacka country that was still open, and sighted Cape Willoughby early in the afternoon. We camped on the lighthouse reserve later on, and then started off on foot for a tour of in- spection round the rocks and the land in the neighborhood. Some of us hunted up the head-keeper of the lighthouse, and I was never in a cleaner building in my life. All the reflectors and glass fittings were polished up to the nines, blemishes, if any, being un- discernible by the naked eye, and the whole building from tip to toe was a very model of cleanliness and order. The building is of granite, of which there is an abundant supply in the immediate neighborhood, huge boul- ders appearing here and there among the rocks on the cliffs. We had a magnificent view from the top of the lighthouse, the mainland appearing quite close so calm and clear was the day, and the Pages stood boldly out in midpassage, adding their quota to the picturesque scene. In the vicinity of the lighthouse we found traces of copper in the stone on the verge of the cliff, but there was no appearance of any quantity. Close to the lighthouse the telegraph station is situ- ated, and from the passage it must appear as if that were the only domicile; but as a matter of fact the dwelling-houses are nestled in a little hollow about a quarter of a mile inland, where there is also an unused wooden school building. An abundance of black sandy soil covers the reserve, and we were in formed that in days gone by this was well covered with grass, but owing to the boun- dary fence having been destroyed by fire the neighboring sheep had devoured everything, and the sand is being blown about in all directions. Tenders are, however, invited for the re-erection of this fence, and the old state of affairs may yet be reverted to. It seems a pity that something has not been done towards planting the reserve, for the luxu- riant growth of the flowers and plants in the gardens attached to the houses, and the success that has been experienced in the growth of hay on some small blocks that have been fenced off, prove that vege- tation will not only exist but thrive. We stayed at Cape Willoughby until about 10 o'clock next morning, when we returned to Hog Bay. Our journey back took us through some more of the now wearisome yacka country, until we got to Thomas's station, when we dipped down from the tableland by a very rough road to some much better country near the coast, which continued until we crossed the Chapman River; then we had to ascend again, and our course continued through land more thickly covered with yackas than any we had seen, until we got close to Hog Bay, where the pertinacity of the mallee seemed to annihilate other vegetable growth. The descent from the high land to Hog Bay beach was very steep, and with our broken pole we bad some difficulty in accomplishing it. However, success attended our efforts, and we got down to the rocks before it was too dark to examine the ancient French inscrip- tion of 1803, which records the visit of the explorers. We have not many relics in South Australia, and it seems almost a pity that one of the most, if not the most, interesting of them all should be allowed to go to rack and ruin for the want of a little attention. It would not cost much to put a fence round tbis piece of ground, and a protec- tion over the rock to preserve it from the effects of the wind and water. That night one of our party persuaded us to camp on the beach, and we deeply re- gretted having done so ere we struck camp in the morning, for although it was comfortable enough in the night when the morning came it brought a breeze with it which smothered our victuals, our clothes, our eyes, and our hair with sand. The next day we disbanded the camp after our midday meal and em- barked on board the Dolphin about 5 o'clock. We all went to Queenscliffe, and as four of the party had to return to Adelaide next day they remained on board, while the botanist and the gentleman with piscatorial tendencies went on shore to spend a few days fossicking and fishing in the neighborhood of the largest settlement on the island. I was fortunate enough to meet an old friend and to secure the loan of a horse from a hospitable resident, so taking as few things as possible we started off to see the new hundred of Cassini. We selected the road through Brownlow to Cygnet River; then instead of continuing on the track which leads to Haines we turned up the south side of the river taking a westerly course—our course lay for a consider- able distance, in fact most of the way, along the rich flats which skirt the river. Some property here I was in- formed was for sale, and the price named seemed to so exceedingly reasonable, con- sidering the richness of the soil, but my com panion enlightened me considerably on that head. The whole of this rich area is subject to inundation in winter time, and while our northern farmers are grumbling at much "drake" the Cygnet settlers complain of too much "duck." In other words the quacks have selected as their winter resort large portions of the land that look so attractive as a summer resort for we poor city people pining to get somewhere and anywhere when sanitary civilisation has not commenced the stinking-out process of deep drainage. The land may be ever so good, the situation ever so attractive in scenic points, and the climate ever so Utopian, but none of these induce- ments are or will be sufficient to encourage agriculturists to take up land for aquatic pur- poses. Fresh water lagoons may have their attractions for the sportsman, the scientist, or the pure and simple pleasure-seeker, but they do not schedule as valuable assets in a farmer's balance-sheet. We pass property belonging to Bates, Calnan, and come to a fine estate belonging to Mr. Daw. A post- office has been established on this farm, but there is no telegraph station. The river side here is lined with very fine specimens of the blue-gum (E. leucoxylon), which in many cases attain a great height. The character of the country all along our route is very similar; rich, black soil near the river, flanked by heavy, black, sandy slopes, beyond which again lies the yellow sand of the yacka country, most of it thickly besprinkled with small ironstone pebbles. We made a short stay at the homestead of Messs. Kinch Bros., which is situated on an exceptionally rich piece of country. The Messrs. Kinch were the lessees of a large portion of the hundred of Cassini, which is now being surveyed. They had just fenced the property and erected a woolshed and yards when they received the unpleasant six months' notice, so their venture was not pro- fitable, whatever it migbt have been in the long run. One of the brothers in giving an account of his choice of that portion of the island was very amusing. He said that he searched with the utmost pains to find a spot suitable for grazing which might pay for some clearing, and would be at the same time country of too inferior a nature to permit of ever being ousted by the resumptive claim for agricultural purposes. After some time they pitched upon Southern Cassini, thinking that it combined the qualities they sought, and that there was not the remotest chance of the land being required for agricultural purposes, at any rate during the life time of the three brothers, as they considered the soil too inferior and the country too rough to be ever tackled by the plough. As stated, however, they had hardly got fairly settled ere to their great astonish- ment they received notice to quit. Accepting the inevitable they selected their present land in the hundred of Menzies, and have turned their attentions from grazing to farming. There is a good deal of uncertainty about the latter in the position they have chosen from the inundating reasons aforesaid, but that the land is capable is fully proved by the way in which wheaten hay, barley, mangolds, potatoes, maize, and even hops have grown. Land of inferior quality will not grow maize over six feet high without a large amount of labor and attention, which Messrs. Kinch affirm was not bestowed, the crops being looked upon more as experimental than sources of revenue, The fact that hops will thrive on the island may be considered one of more than ordinary importance, for their cultivation affords employment for laborers nearly all the year round, and many people with much justification hold that until we get a fixed laboring class upon the soil farming in South Australia will never be a complete success. While farmers search for labor only at one particular season of the year for the gather- ing in of one particular crop, difficulties will always have to be encountered, and high wages will have to be paid. What is required is soil and climate suitable for the cultiva- tion of a variety of crops in the year, and I believe that portions of Kangaroo Island will meet these requirements. In this opinion I know I am not borne out by the old resi dents, who scout the idea of the island ever being a successful agricultural settlement. They say that the only thing that will make the place go ahead will be the dis- covery of large mineral deposits, which it is believed exist. Professor Tate, I under- stand, endorses the belief in the pre- sence of minerals, but then on the other hand we have the undeniable fact that hitherto minerals have not been discovered in payable quantities. I venture to believe that farming on the island can be made a success, in many parts at all events, but then in con tradiction to this the testimony of the old settlers has been confirmed to a large extent by the experience of the past season. Taking the results of the last harvest, for instance, I fear that a close examination will disclose the painful fact that farming as a whole was not profitably conducted, and that the majority of settlers have lost instead of made money as a result of their year's labors. In excep- tional spots, chiefly lying near the coait; some excellent returns in barley have fre- quently been obtained. At Hog Bay and American River, for instance, report says that 40,50, and even 60 bushels of barley to the acre have been obtained. But I am given to understand that last year nothing like those figures have to be chronicled, the only exception I heard of being that of Mr. Reeves, near Kingscote, who obtained 44 bushels per acre from a small area. Excel- lent samples of wheat have been grown upon the better land of the district, but it is found to be a terrible climate for the germina- tion of red rust. These returns being from the select few areas on the coast, the question arises concerning the yields of the mallee and yacka country. The cleared mallee country in the hundred of Menzies which has been brought under the plough during the past two years I did not see, be- cause my time was limited, and I was more anxious to examine the land remaining in the state of nature than that undergoing trans- formation, but probably the returns from these parts will be made public at an early date. There can, however, be nothing very grand about them if, as one farmer assured me, the barley yield for the whole island will not exceed six bushels per acre. The yacka land has hitherto baffled the efforts of the most energetic of settlers. Before farming made any headway on the island the pastoral lessees made numerous and a variety of efforts to convert this country into grass land. Near the coast in the mallee country when burning was practiced in most cases grass sprang up of its own accord, but no such luck attended similar measures amongst the yaokas. I saw large tracts of this land that had evidently suc- cumbed to fires some time since, but there was not a vestige of grass to be seen. I was as- sured, morever, that even when grass had been sown it had not thrived. It comes up and grows a few inches but then gives up the ghost. This is certainly not encouraging, but still, like Mark Tapley, I would still hope on. It is quite possible that operations have not been conducted on a proper system, and that what is eminently preferable as a method in ordi nary ground is quite out of place on this quaint soil. It would be interesting to know what the Professor of Agriculture would say to this country, which I believe he has not yet visited. One thing is certain, viz , that if this class of land cannot be reclaimed the greater part of Haines, and this new hun- dred of Cassini, is valueless for agricultural purposes. So far the farmers avoid it, as the large unoccupied areas of this class of country in Haines and Dudley testify; and as the greater portion of Cassini is not a bit better— many maintain worse—that also will probably lie idle, being in tbat state no good to man or beast. Before visiting the hundred of Cassini I was told by over a dozen people that there was only one block of land of about 1,000 acres that was any good whatever for agricultural purposes. The block of land in question is situated on the coast, at what is known as Boxer's homestead, which is the station built by the original lessee of the northern portion of the hundred. This state- ment is a very sweeping one, but it is surprising how many people to whom I spoke on the sub- ject endorsed it. There is good land in the hundred beside that mentioned, situated on the river, and although there was not much of it I was much struck with its capabilities. A close examination of it, however, showed high water mark about three feet above the level of the ground, which fully accounted for the condemnation I had heard. Here and there throughout the hun- dred are to be found patches of fair soil, but they are few and far between, and thickly timbered. A very large proper- tion of the land in this neighborhood is much too rough for cultivation, being thickly covered with rocks. The soil on this rough country is good, and with clearing is probably capable of growing grass, the only purpose for which it is fitted. From what I saw of the country generally, I think it highly im- probable that men of small means will do well on the island, and any one going there with out plenty of capital must inevitably come to grief. The selector, has much to contend with from the outset. To begin with, it will be ex- tremely difficult for any one to get his stores, stock, implements, &c.;, on to this new land, for the roads are simply dread- ful. On the Government plan they will probably look easy enough but when one comes to face the thick uncleared scrub with a team it is quite another matter. I had the state of the track brought forcibly under my notice one day when in a spring cart with a companion who was driving, while I held tightly on with both hands. We came suddenly against a stump half hidden by the sand, and the jerk sent my companion, who could not hold on and drive too, into the air, and he went down head first between the borse and the shaft. His fall was followed by a bump, which I knew only too well meant that the wheel had passed oyer him. It was a narrow escape for him. but fortunately, although he did not come off unhurt, no hones were broken, and the wheel missed his head, passing over his neck and shoulder. The stumps make the roads bad enough in summer, but what result the winter rains will have upon the numerous creeks, and the Cygnet itself I am unable to say, but should imagine that they would be impassable. When the selector is fairly on his land other difficulties await him. He is surrounded by a thick sea of scrub which takes a long time and a good deal of money to clear. With regard to fencing, the posi- tion varies very much, for in some parts of the island there are no posts to be had of decent size for miles around, while in others good timber is near at hand. On the Cygnet River, for instance, there are in parts quite forests of the blue and sugar gums and mag- nificent trees; many of them are running up in beautifully straight stems for forty or fifty feet without a branch. The scene reminded me more of pictures one sees of the American backwoods than anything I have seen in South Australia. Such grand clumps as these are rare, and one cannot but be struck with their appearance. Another great difficulty is water. This may seem some what incredible after what I have said about the inundations in winter, but the sandy nature of the soil enables the water to soak away. There is therefore an absence of sur face storage, and unfortunately in most parts of the island sinking is only rewarded by the discovery of saltsprings; and even the settlers on the Cygnet are not much better off, for the greater portion of the river is almost too salt for drinking purposes towards the end of summer. As most people aire aware an agitation has been going on for some time for the erection of a jetty on the coast. The Marine Board after a thorough inspection have recom- mended Kingscote as the most suitable spot for this purpose. From a marine point of view the recommendation is unas- sailable, but from other aspects there is some- thing to be said against it. The roads in the neighborhood of Kingscote and Queenscliffe adjoining consist of mere bush tracks through heavy sand, which would cost a large amount of money to put into working order, and then when these are finished it would be doubtful if they would be used to any large extent. There are so many places along the coastline of the island where goods can be landed and produce shipped that the mere erection of a jetty would not necessarily attract more goods to Queenscliffe than will go to that port whether a jetty is erected or not. There is not a single place on the island where it can honestly be said a large township will spring up as the result of it being the princi- pal outlet for produce, for shipping will take place at numerous places on the coastline as close as possible to the agricultural land of each neighborhood. That a jetty anywhere would be a great boon to the residents of the immediate neighborhood no one can deny, but it is equally admissible that the expendi- ture of any large sum of Government money in one particular place will be more or less misapplied. In other words a jetty is premature anywhere, and is simply putting the cart before the horse. Before providing shipping facilities at any port it is expedient to provide means by which farmers and others can convey their produce to that ports and at present no such facilities exist. The natural roads are the worst I have seen any- where in the colony, and there can be no doubt whatever that the first public work on the island should be the construction of a series of main roads. The sooner this work is undertaken the less it will actually cost. Indeed, were this work put in hand at once it would not cost the Government a single penny in the long run, as the enhanced value of the land now in the hands of the Crown would thoroughly recoup the State for the outlay. The hundred of Cassini, for instance, is almost inaccessible with anything like a load. The present price for carting thither is, I believe, £4 per ton, with no prospect of a reduction, for there can be scarcely any profit on the transaction. With regard to stone the island may be said to be almost too well supplied, for in some parts the ground is so thickly covered as to render it entirely unfit for ploughing. In the eastern portion the principal stone is limestone, but going west one finds an absence of the latter and hard red rocks of a granite character taking its place, while in other por- tions of the island there is a singular absence of any sort of building material. One of the main attractions of the place is the excellent fishing on the coatline. It is said to be superior to any other spot in South Australian waters. The South Australian Fishing Com- pany have for some time been trying to develop this industry, and they deserve no small praise for the energy and perseverance with which their efforts have been carried out. Strange to say, however, while there are dozens of men crying out for work, it is next to impossible to induce any one to take up fishing as an industry. The life may not be attractive, but surely an occupation by which good wages can be earned all the year round is worthy of some attention. 