R I C H M O N D EXCURSION. SCHOOLS' The Mordialloc Excursion next Wednesday, is attracting considerable attention,and very many Richmond families are setting themselves oat for a day's pleasuring on the occasion. Since oar last issoe, the complete programme of sports has been issued, and numbers 20 events, and as many of them, are to be run in beats, tbe work undertaken by the sports' committee can be understood. In addition to the juvenile events, a shopkeepers' race Las i been added; also a lady visitors' race!; a: executive officers' walking match—it was thought they would not be able to ran \n when they had seen the other,sports through; and a Board of Advice race. For the ladies' race, the chances of several likely competitors are being discussed in Swan-street, and it is said one has gone into active training, to ensure success. At these excursions it is asnal for everyone to bring their provisions for the day, and children should note that tbe bag to be given out—containing cake, fruit, and lollies, is not intended to serve as food for the whole day, bat simply as slight refreshment. Lemon syrup will also be obtainable by the children, and Mr Rowland, of Bridge-road, has presented 12 gallons of gingerbeer, which will also be available. A full supply of pare water has been arranged for, and Mr Rennison has also provided a number of tables or benches for the convenience of pic-nic parties. Trains have been fixed earlier this year ; they start from Swan-street at 7.16, 7 56, 8.9, and 8.49 a.m., retaining from Mordialloc at 4.40,5.10, 5.40, and 6.30 p.m. The following additional donations have been received :—Mr Wm. Chipperfield, 10s ; Mr C. J. Smith, silver medal ; Mr Sanderson, boy's suit ; Mr George Smith, silver bracelet ; Mr G. W. Neato, £1 worth of books (to be selected) ; Mr Clarke, a hat, and Mr Collins, a pair of shoes, to complete tug-of-war costume ; Mr J. F. Lancashire, two satiD sunshades (sporting pattern) ; Mr J. Coverlid, silver bracelet; Mr George Alexander, concertina ; Misses Roberts and Davis, satin sunshade ; Mr and Mrs Howard, several lots toys ; Mrs Kirk, floral abum, ladies' companions, and inkstand ; Mr Noseda. two ornamental almond cakes ; Mr and Mrs Retchford, basket, workbox, mathematical instruments, shell pincushion, &c.; Mt Tinsley, pocketknife, iron safe. Cr Jenkins' trophy is a silver bracelet for the girls' race. Mr A. E IV.rnouth, £1 Is. JThe Richmond City Brass Band and the Richmond Fife and Drum Band will provide masic throughout the day. Mr Coverlid has charge of this department. With a view to secure uniformity in closing on tbe excursion day, as it has been gazetted a public holiday, the intentions of a number of the shopkeepers in South Richmond have been ascertained, and Bridge- road and vicinity will be also asked to make the holiday a uaanimoas one. The following will close their business places on tbe day :—Messrs Lancashire, Kelly, Sanderson, C. Frost, Weaver and Co., Coverlid, Head and Quick, Wilson, T. Blight, B. Nathan, C. J. Smith, Ferguson, J. Bannon, Simcoe, Altmann, Tempany, Clark, Neate. JefEeris, Rosenberg, Inchley, J. Little, Glance, Brady and Wilden, A. Asher, F. Hotton, J. Cleghorn, W, J. Roberts, and Miss Ajsher. Mr J. Britten intimates his intention of doing as others do, as also do Palin and' Murray, Mrs Pape, Mr Griffiths, Mrs Sam' mere, Regester and Co., Jones, Gordon, Milne, and others. The butchers will probably follow suit, as Messrs C. Beamish, Strngnell. Rowden, and others all feel indined to observe the holiday We trust a similar unanimity will prevail in Bridgeroad. Mr Mandeville has been entrusted with the entertainment of the young children, and has drawn up a programme which he intends to do his best to carry out, and be will be glad of the active co-operation of any of the teachers or citizens. At his request, we publish the programme for the information of the little ones and their parents:— Programme arranged (at the desire of the united committee) by Mr Mandeville for children under seven ygars of age. EVENTS and GAMES : 10 o'clock — Song and chorus, " Rule Britannia," and lots of hip, hip, hurrah! 10.20—1. Girls' Flat Race (winner to be the Old Woman with the Shoe in the 3rd race). Round Games—" Oranges and Lemons," and " Are you ready for a fight," for girls. ** Bull in the ring," for boys. 10 40—2. Boys' Flat Race (winner to be the Hare in the 4th race. Punch and Judy. 11—3 Girls' "Old Woman and her Shoe" Race (the girl with the shoe to have three minutes' start). Round Games—" Uncle Dick is very very, sick," " Fie for shame," and " On the carpet you shall kneel," for girls. "Hunt the slipper," for boys. 11.20—4. Boys' " Hare and Hounds" Race (the Hare to have three minutes start). Punch and Judy. 11 40—5. Skipping Rope Race (girls to bring own ropes). Fairy Tales, by Mr Mandeville. 12—6. Boys' " All Fours" or " Frog" Race. Eat lunch and rest until next race starts or games begin. 2.10—Song and chorus, '* Advance Australia," with wiving handkerchiefs, and lots more hip, hip, hurrah ! 2.20—7. Girls'Tug- of-War. Round Games—" Green Gravel," and " Give me a match to light my pipe,', for girls. " Blind man's bull," for boys. 2 40-8. Boys' Tug of-War. Punch and Judy. 3.-9. Girls' Hoop Race (with own hoops). Round Games—" Sally, Sally Water,"' "Poor Mary's a weeping," and "Who is going round my house to night," for girls. " Buck ! Buck! how many fingers do I hold up f' for boys. 3.20—10. Boys' Hoop Race ^with own hoops). Punch and Judy. 3 40—ir. Girls Skipping,long rope, Fancy and French. Round Games—" Ghost in the garden," "Go back, go back, you saucy Jack." and " Puss in the corner," for girls. "Ground fishing," for boys 4—12. Boys' Hurdle Race. National Anthem, " God Save the Queen," and all that's left of hip, hip, hurrah I Special Notice.—No play group inusthave more than 20 children in it. Every group must be of boys only or girls only, as the case may be. All must play the games as arranged above. The above programme is intended to interest all the children and with a little hearty assistance could be far better carried out simultaneously by the four schools, than as a combined whole. In the event of Cr Huddart retiring from tbe Hawthorn Council, Mr J. (J. Smith will be a candidate for election He is a gentleman well suited by natural ability, experience, and acquired aptitude , for tbe position, and bis election would materially raise the Btatus of the Council. 