ME9IOS. (BY A.) The War- Gry is more entertaining than it would-be reasonable to exp.ect from its low price. Occasionally the editor>breaks into poetry as follows " There IS a dreadful Hell * I And everlasting flames, - I Where sinners MUST with devils du ell, I In darkness, fire and chains." Charles- Lamb who protested against: j being robbed t)f his hell by half and half' theology would -appreciate this, especially the emphatic capitals. The editor rattles on like this under the heading of Bullets " You will die some day. If you -are not s tved you'll go to hell. Strathalbyn in flames, are you ? Public houses full of drunkards every night. What a lot of people going to hell." j A large type advertisement reads as j follows " Every soldier of the Cross should go in for More Holy Ghost Power, and Conquer the Devil." Some may "begin to think I am making a War Cry of this column ; but theie ex tracts will give an idea of the new- develop ment of religion to those who have not had a chance of attending any of their meetings. One War Cry is very much like another, and to read it regularly would seriously affect most intellects. Rich widows-if there are any about here-should be careful. The case of Hosking v. Hosking, just tried in Ade i laido, is a caution to tlieui. Mrs. Green, a widow with an income of between £8,000 to £9,000 a year, aged 40, and presumably also fat and fair, married a teacher (aged 25) of a denominational college at Glenelg, who seems to have worked this gold mine rather deeply, as he received £4,000 in a very short time. Judging from the way in which he gave his evidence several years1 practise in inculcating religion and morality to the pupils of the denomina tional college at Glenelg had had a bad effect on his own morals. Soon after his marriage he went astray with a Miss Watts, who was a chorister at the Stow Memorial Church and who had two children by him. The fond, fair widow of forty for gave him for one baby but she could not look over the second and so instituted pi-oceedings for a judicial separation in which she was successful. There are several peculiar features in the case. After the birth of the first little Watts the rich wife took her to England as a lady help so as to get over the scandal. As the husband was in the same vessel, this seemed hardly wise ; and the result proved that it was not wise. After marriage Mr. Hosking's tirae seems to have been about equally divided between billiards and rather extreme flirtation. In his examina tion he admitted he wept sometimes but he found only a little comfort in doing so. Now, he will have only weeping and Watts for comfort, as the money supplies are cut off. After a satisfac tory morning's work a gooddinneris taken ?with a zest which promises increase to the girth round the waist. The French admiral Courbet has lately (according to the teiegrams) de molished a fort every day before dinner; and as the result of the self-satisfaction this would engender and the triumphal banquets afterwards demolished he should fcy this time look rather like this. 