AMATEUR ENTERTAINMENT AT NORTH ADELAIDE. On Saturday evening, November 15, a com pany of amateurs gave a Christy Minstrel entertainment at the North Adelaide Insti tute in aid of the Samaritan Fund. Adelaide Hospital. The large hall was packed with a fashionable audience, including His Excel lency the Governor, Lady Robinson, Miss Robinson, Miss Finch, the Aide- de-Camp, and Sir H. Wrenfordsley. The concert must be pronounced a decided success, and the gentle men whoso kindly proffered their services suc ceeded inkeeping their audience thoroughly amused, while they gained well-deserved ap plause for their songs and choruses. The programme opened with the usual Christy MinBtrel parlour sitting, Mr. Boult acting as interlocutor, with Mr. C. J. Sharp as ac companist. After an overture, ' John Peel,' by the company, Mr. Reed gave the comis song 'My Mary Ann's a teacher' which was well received. Mr. Creak successfully rendered ' Come where my love lies dream ing,' and Mr. Haggard had to repeat the last verse of his comic refrain 'Blow the candle out' before the audience were satisfied. The same gentleman a little later on was equally successful with 'The nigger that never knew nuffin at all.' Mr. Kilsby sang fairly, ' Kiss me, mother, ere I die j' but without doubt the gsm of the evening was a song (Indian pastorale), 'Dinah Doe,' by Master A. Everard. This young gentleman's capabilities have been so favourably com mented upon before that it is only necessary to say he received an imperative encore on thfe occasion. Mr. Reed was very happy with 'Razors in the Air,' and the nratpart ter minated with 'Brown's Horse' and 'The Ghost Scene,' which caused roars of laughter. Mr. Haggard (tambourine) and Mr. Reed (bones) acted aa corner men and discharged their duties efficiently, though their jokes would have been better appreciated had they Bpoken a little more distinctly, their re markB being almost inaudible at the back part of the hall, After an interval Mr. Haggard amused his hearers with an account of 'Butterwick'a Horse,' and Mr. Kilsby came in for a good share of applause for his song 'A Warrior Bold.' TVhat was entitled a ballet by Signor Nebntchez and Mdlie. Sylphenoire (styled as hailing from the Opera-house, Madrid, and the Eden Theatre, Paris, respectively), seemed to please the audience immensely and they had to make their reappearance twice. Master A. Everard again favoured the audience with a song, ' bally in our Alley,' the last verse of which he had to repeat. Mr. Sharp cleverly manipulated the ocarina, eigalira, and picco-pipe, and was encored. The entertainment concluded with the farce 'The Troubles of aStage Manager,' in which the characters were well sustained by Messrs. Reed, Haggard, Boult, Sharp, and Gawler. 