NOTES OFF AND ON : ' ' (By Shaughraun.) ' ? ? '? Travellers to the West Coast during the' past twelve months will doubtless remem ber the 18 mile halting place; with its hostelry of palings — kept by a Crusoe-like; landlord of unsociable aspect— -where one not disposed to be captiously critical could n\\*aHcrn Ilia /^iM-nrnna* p.inMlpn. ATTinv fl. snl.ifl. meal, and stow away for the night in one of the rustic 'Dunn's Adelaide' stretchers ?wherewith the house is amply furnished, and by one night's indulgence in lucullean fare and sybaritic repose fortify himself for the succeeding day's march. Well, the aforesaid caravanserai, albeit somewhat altered by the plugging up of sundry. doors,and the perforation of others, is there yet, and there also I found myself about sundown on the day on which I left the Castra. Visitors are informed by a some what ambitiously designed poster that ' Sugar bare is sold hare,' as also that the establishment was a ' Gondalshon Houss.' Now, in consequenee of depressed times and decrease in traffic the ; boarding branch has been discontinued, but to comr pensate it is notified that a ' store is i kept and boiling water is always on, hand.' A roaring fire, a billy of tea, and a chaji with the landlord (wnen ne wm tauc; are not to be despised, and. for. these the traveller is indebted to the philanthropic mine host of the 18 mile ' Lust in Rust.' May his shadow increase when ho boards abroad. Through the two-mile forest, usually a muddy terror, now sunbaked into a ihain moth rasp, out on to the long plain plateau a clear sunny morning, a springy turf carpeted with button grass and variegated with Bauera bloom, the invigorating saline breeze sweeping across the open expanse' from the Pacific and around the panoramic view of wooded ranges and granite sierras, make one feel glad, he is alive and awaken the sentiment half-pancakedto death by the incubus of a West Coast swag. Midway on the open, between the 18-milo and the Banerai hut, the track rounds the head of' the creek/which, half-a-mile downwards in the thick tiinber.receives the tributary streams, Smith's, Gray's, Riley's and Townserid's gullies, long since gutted and now aban doned to the regulation fossicker, 'who; loves to linger where'the metal- h'as been ' got rich ' and muse over the : departed glory which the moss '? and slime are fast coating with the universal ,tint. ' A'- ^kele- ? ton shanty still-remains -with, its weather beaten remnants of calico, sods, and sap lings, which erstwhile supplies tho diggers of the locality with tho ' means whereby they lived,' Or at least the necessaries without the luxuries of bush existence. Here one misses tho pile of 'dead niarines/'which are tli9 invariable evidences of past mining property. Trollopo has said that few sights are more calculated to depress the. feelings of the onlooker than the appearance of a deserted goldfield. ? Stumps with the kindly second growth of' sprouts to hide the broken pillar of whilome umbrageous 'greatness, disused foot-: paths faint and inoss-grown, skelo-' ton camps, ' shrivelled ash heaps, mounds of headings, : heaps of : tail- : ings and caved shafts, whose gaping edges tlie grass.and ferns strive treacherously to conceal. Certainly, those sights, coupied with the remembrance of the 'great ex pectations' and big reports which- once excited the popular mind until the mineral wealth of Tasmania and '?'? Bendigo the second .were tho twin topics of mining Micawbers, incite , one to become lugu briously reflective. Wherever alluvial gold has been the industrial product, from Tuapeka to the Turon,froin Bendigo to the Barron, such sights in a more or less modi fied degree attest the. important ? nature of settlement wanting tlie retaininginfluonces of rock mining or the still stronger settle ment force of good pastoral or agricultural land. About four miles N. ? the gullies.; in tho vicinity of Specimen Reef have' followed in tlie wake of 'the' Long Plain Bonanza, and little is now: Heard ofvthe since, excited. the usually, placid pulse of Waratah to high ? fever rate; when '? pro moters fetched .£600, which1 a few weeks' previously could, be had.-for. six . sans ciphers. Such is speculation. JVTiere be tho 'Lucky Hits ' E. and W., .Nl' and S; Speci men's Exterideds and Block Extendeds, which brought1 grist to the. Government niill and chaff to a discriminating public ? Not even the. ghost of a Phaanix from the combined ashes of the lot until1 the san-' guine stickers, to the .principal claim' once more dream of dividends when the lower tunnel 'getsit'.at,'a depth. ''-'. . t ThevBauera'hut at the Coririna'.erid of Long/Plain; is , now. the commencement of a capital, gravel .walk, -which one. slips over' with a , pleasure'; enhanced by the memory of the past, until Brown's 'Creek is crossed, and the road lies across 'the openi stretch' of Brown's Plain. ; Passing the. Chinaman's grave, and wondering that John's relics have not beenr carried back to the Flowery Land by his resurrecting compatriots, the road ' crosses! Walter's Gully, where the. track diverges -to' Rocky River, thence 'by an old camping place,. where- a tunnel has been put into the adjacent hill-. through .a 'superstratum of ' inade ground ' of con siderable depth. Two years since Messrs. Harvey and Lainbie, who prospected here, 'informedme.that they had obtained: strag gling specks of rough gold in the tunnel as the work proceeded; but here work has' been postponed sine die. Downwards for seven miles, over a ? continuous but gentle gradient, and lo ! the Pieman heaves in sight through the long vista i cleared . for the telograpb. wire. -Truly a noble river, full of scenic beauties ! This1 sequestered sylvan stream' gives one the idea of : un armnrlnWIo ? rlarif.Ti «.;if.a ? aninnfcTl Rnvfn/»A Tinr dered by densely wooded heights, 'every detail froni the smallest contour to 'the most delicate gradation -of : colour, repro duced on, the dull brown transparency of ' its bosom. ;Fof ,the components of a sylvan piefcurei what is .wanted but 'wood and water, hill', and. .valley, light and shade ? And here the .limner who loves the poetry ofhis art7co;uld .find.these in profusion. . But this lovely river, like Milton's Severn, ? , '.Guilty of Maiden's, death,' ; , ; ia not wiwiouu its saa associations. ? ™ years since Sedgeman and M'Gill, diggers, who were returning.' from the Government s,tore, capsized1 their boat;: and, weighted with heavy winter, clothing, sank like stones,: and were not seen alive again. And several years ago . Christian, (a grandson of him of the 'Bounty'), a ?: daring swimmer, lost his life in the eurf ; . at the bar,- and now occupies a sandy; grave at the North Head. On the occasion of my last visit the only habitations were, the Govern ment store, and highly ventilated hut for the accommodation of; 'casuals ;' then a sapling staff, whereto floated.a disreputable looking undersized Union ' Jack; denoted the ' salvation of the Pieman ' by iGovern meht aid, and here the ..Government store keeper was wont to issue from his smoky lair to greet tho 'just arrival,' induct him to the outhouse aforesaid, acquaint him of- the trade tariff, and dive into his den.until, .?a «????£--.? 4-.? am nA r-4- +1-1/1 TTT/1T rt«Vl 4-n O.T1/1 mOOCJlTllfla Since then Government has sold out,, and progress has asserted itself, by the. re uvenation of the Government House ; by tho erection of substantial post and telegraph offices, and by the establishment of Mr. Job Savage's on the north and Mr. Foster's hotels on the south, so that' now there is Thomas-street, Bather-street, Moore-street, and Scott-street, besides the church and school reserves and the Esplanade, and, indeed, all the require ments of a Tasmanian ' Eden,' v ithout, however, its febrile adjuncts of miasma and inud. Where the, ranges do. not cpme sheer down to the water s edge tnere is a limited selvage of ' bottom ' land,'in which turnip, cabbage, and tomato seem to thrive, but the strong point of the Pieman is not agriculture. Pine and blackwood is still being cut on the river banks, but the pick of the timber has ' been taken away years ago. Tlie payable gullies within Beven or eight miles of the river frontage have all been gutted and ' fossicked,' and now the mining population, which never amounted to more than 70 or 80 men, has dwindled, to less than a fourth of that number. By the way, ? the nomenclator of these Corinna gold workings seems to have had a ' strong ' weakness for the fair sex. Here are the Lucy, th'o Alice, and'Belirida, besides the Nancy, the Paradise, and True Lover's C.R. To the last 'hangs a tale.'' It is said -that the discoverer, at the soli citations (of His inaniorata, . during a boating trip, revealed to her tho spot where he was .'.getting it,' and of courso it remained a secret after that.' Messrs. P. Harvey and H. Middleton, both well known'W^estrCoasters, are now engaged on a rather extensive piece of work, no less than cutting-' a race of 2J miles in length, ? to convey the water of M'Caveston's Creek, so: as to command the worked gullies adjacent to the river. , . Such pluck merits success; may they meet with it ' galore.' The muffled roar of the surf can be heard at Corinna when the wind blows up stream, and hpre. also at times a long billowy . swell . ou the ? smooth , river denotes a. bar of ihoro than ordinary rough ness. ' Four miles below tho township is flifl wroll- Trnnwri . 'RTall'« ftn.fpR. - wlinvA. f.lift river has cut its way through the Donald son Range, and it would be hard to picture a scene' of gloomier grandeur; :: Sheer from the .waters margin, which here is of untold depth, the scrub-clad ranges vise to nearly 1000ft., dull green foliage coating the rocks,' which are scored with deep' ravines in successive steps ; each sends its tributary cataract tumbling , into -the- river, and makes , the' only sound fit to harmonise with this uniquely romantic spot. Query— Will ',' Gorinna'?: ] be the ' original' and ? only-' name, of this river?. ;Onspme. maps it is called the Retreat ; on others the Pieman, andlastly by its aboriginal 'love of anaihe.' Atuuw - out? '-l/uuklluhuu juiiuuiuii la uiiu ixiuaa covered framework; of a small vessel, said to be, the work of Macquarie escapees in the '' good (?) old times.'. More probably, it 'was the.nautical Babel of some -pining party.. But a. river like this, without its lurlines and naiads, should at least have a lo'nafide legend besides that which gives the ' river's discovery to ' Jiminy the Pie man.' ?.??'.','.. .?. ? ? 7 .'.; ... 