THE GARDEN. USEFUL HINTS FOR THE GARDEN, GREENHOUSE, &c.;, FOR APRIL. [By a Suburban Resident.] THE OPEN BORDERS, Why it is so I cannot tell, but the fact remains, that the Celosias, Amaranths, and ZiDnias, arc not in nearly so good condition this year at the end of autumn as in previous seasons. We have most of us forgotten the wet weather of January and February, and the cold nights of March, which followed by extremely hot weather on the third week may have proved too great a range of tempera ture for our autumn favourites. Our Portu lacas have stood it well, and I notice that a great many people are growing very fine double specimens, rich and varied in colour, and large in size. Now is the time to look out for -seeds of these, the single flowers growing with them will most probably pro duce fine doubles next year. They can be continued by cuttings in a stovehouse, but it is a troublesome job. and scarcely worth while except in the hands of nurserymen. Seeds of aU other autumn annuals should be saved now, taking them only from the best flowers. The African and French Marigolds (TagetaB) though treated as autumn annuals, may be kept flowering all the year through, like Phlox Drummondii, if new plants are raised and put out where the sun will not shine upon them till 9 or 10 o'ciock in the morning. Begin now to put in small lots or pinches of hardy annuals and any hardy perennials that may be needed. The art in gardening is to keep it always beautiful with flowers. This cannot be done by piling in all the seeds at once and then waiting till next season to resow. Put in a few now and a few more in a fortnight, and so on for a long time, and then the flowers of the second sowing will come in after those of the first are done. I have just been looking at a garden that is loaded with flowers—Verbenas, Pentstemons, Petunias, the lovely Plumbago, Statices, White PyrethrumB, Zinnias, and other antumn flowers—looking as fresh as though they knew not what summer weather was. Such results, at such a time, in such weather, are not obtained without some forethought and a deal of present care—but they are worthy of both forethought and care. Every one. who loves to have pretty flowers at this time of the year should look around the best kept gardens and take note of what is in bloom. It will pay to do so. Chrysanthemums will make the next great sbow in our gardens. The plants need to be stimulated with a good' deal of water and some liquid manure. It will also be necessary to tie up the plants to prevent the blossomB getting down into the dirt. The cord should not be tied so as to bring the stems together like a stable broom, because the plant thrives and lives by its le&veB.; When tied np too closely the air cannot get in properly, the leaves die und decay, and the plant is so injured that it cannot flower properly. Do not pinch off the tops now, Dut keep the plants growing vigorously. If mildew (a species of oidium) appears on the Verbenas or Roses, sprinkle them very late at night or early in the morning with flowers of sulphur. Roses that have ripened their wood—that is, the wood of which is solid and has no tender growth at the end—Bhould be pruned back like vines are pruned, to two buas upon each branch. This applies to standard or half standard Roses—those that are grown upon their own roots or as bushes should only be trimmed a little to keep them in bounds. Tea and Noirette Roses need but little prun ing, and the Banksian Rose flowers only on the wood of the preceding year, so that the less they are hacked about the more flowers there will be. Roses that have been budded or grcfted lately will need to have the new growth secured to a stick to prevent it being broken off. All beds should at once be manured and dug before the heavy wet sets in. If the soil is trodden down when wet it forms into clods, and the digging is worse than useless to the plants. Where permanent shrubs are grow ing the less the land is disturbed the better. An annual top-dressing with litter, and a little raking in on the surface, just to open it and turn the litter under is quite sufficient. Beep digging destroys the surface roots and injures the plants and trees. Water heavily about once a month under shrubs and trees— unless they are close hard-wooded kinds, like most of our natives. These last may be benefited by a good soaking in April if the lain does not come, but as a rule the less water given them in summer the better—all they want is a good thick mulch of lea res or litter over their roots. Plant bulbs, roots, tubers and corms—a few of each kind once a week or fortnight— Alliums, AmarylliB, Anemone, Babiana, Calla (Richardi), Croons, Daffodu, Gladioli, Hyacinth, Iris, Ixia, Tonquil, Lilum candi dum, Narcissus, Oxalis, Ornathogalum Ranunculus, Sparaxis, Snowdrop, Snowflake Tulip, Tropseolum, Tritonia, Watsonia, and a few other sorts that can be found in the seed shops. If it is desired to grow Salomon's Seal, Lily of the Valley, and other tende rt ot and bulbs, they miiBt be put in sheltered ph ces. The soil best adapted for the bulbs, &c.;, is a sandy hunms, which can be imi tated with three parts of two-year-old stable or cowyard litter mixed with one part sharp sand lrom the Eea by preference, A drill maybe drawn about four inches deep and wide, filled with this mixture, and the bulbs planted in at reasonable distances apart according to size. Sand should be put under all bulbs. Boots of Dahlias and Tigridias should be taken up and put away now, but the bulbs of Lilies, Amaryllids and Nerines ought to be left in the soil, covered up with a thick coat of litter. The roots of Dahlias must not be twisted and broken in taking up —or afterwards, If necessary the hard-wooded kinds of evergreen shrubs may be cut back a little now to bring them into shape, but it must not be too severe else the plants will not recover before the cold sets in. Zonale Pelargoniums that have been neglected may still.be cut back, left for a few days without watering, and then watered a little to start them. The double sorts seem to tnrive best in the open ground. Verhenias and Petunias ought to be pegged down and partly covered with a mixture of short stable litter and sand. Any seedling or new plants that have been formed about the old plants should he looked after, and at the iirBt opportunity planted out in new soil. Seedlings of any plants that have been raised in pots should be put out at once, and encouraged to make strong growth before the slugs come to destroy them—they do not injure strong plants in most cases. Manure from the stable, as a rule, cannot he applied and dng into the beds too bgod. The older it is, the poorer and less valuable. Where it comes into direct contact, it masses with roots or bulbs, of course it is not good—bnt dng into the bed quite raw and fresh it enriches the soil with all its constituents which otherwise would be considerably wasted, and create a bad smell to leeward if stacked in the yard. Now is a good time to make cuttings of all kinds, or to put dowu layers of shrubs that are hard to strike. The Oleander and "Bignonia" capensis (Tecoma) are rather difficult, but if a branch is cut naif through on the under side, split up for au inch, a piece of lead put in the split to keep it open, and then bend down and pegged into the soil, and covered up, it will become a rooted plant by next January, when it can be separated from the parent plant, but left in the ground until the following &lay;, when it can be lifted with a ball of earth and planted anywhere that is desired. Many of the plants that appear most difficult to rear from cuttings strike easily if about a foot is taken and planted ten inches deep in the soil, packing itclosely about the bottom end Roses, Tecomas, Hibiscus, Abutilous, &c.;, can be struck this way sometimes when other means fail. Carnations, Piccotees, &c.;, Wallflowers, &c.;, can be raised easily from cuttings, layers, or seeds. Plant out Bougainvilleas and other heat loving climbers on a north aspect at once, Tbe ''climbing Mignonette" (isoussingaulta basselloides) will grow upon any aspect, and is a most valuable plant for beekeepers. It is in flower now, covered with long spikes of white flowers. In any state of growth it is very pretty and ought to he very common. Those who keep a number of pigeon gulls in their gardens will be troubled very little with slugs or beetles. Those who have no gulls and dig their ground lightly now will destroy thousands of eggs of slugs, which will save the young plants for a time, bat unpacked lime will have to be sprinkled over the beds every evening.for about a week after tbe young slugs first appear—about ten days after the first heavy rains. The " tiniest" speck of lime or salt makes a slug very sick, but after writhing about for a time it throws off a shiny skin and goes on its way rejoicing, a second speck may also be thrown on, but the third tune 1b too much for it, and the slug turns up its eyes and gives up the ghost. I will not inflict a long list of names of desirable annuals upon my friends, but ask those who wish to go in largely to procure a catalogue from the seedsmen and nurserymen, all of whom have issued full catalogues of all the proper favourites. Sow ornamental glasses and everlasting flowers now. Plants that grow from a crown, such as Plumbago, Spiraea, Vinca, Diplaeus, Antir rhinum, &c.;, can be taken up, divided, and replanted. Encourage the growth of the lawn grasses, and cease to mow them. Give a top- dressing of stable litter or guano at the rate of four cwt. per acre, or liquid manure, say two buckets of stable liquor to 60 gallons of water, and wash it in well with the hose. Prepare ground for planting with Buffalo grass as soon aB the first heavy rains set in, making tbe bed rich, loose, and friable. It will settle down by tbe timetne grass is ready to plant. When planting, the grass has to be pulled asunder, and a single tuft planted firmly in each intersection of lines drawn fonr inches apart and across. After planting, a good watering is desirable, when in all probability the establishment of tbe lawn is secured. THE SHADEHOtJSE. Keep Chrysanthemums well supplied with water, and give some weak liquid manure often. They must not be pinched back any more. Camellias must not be watered too much else they will throw off their flower budB. Cut back any Pelargoniums remain ing unpruned. Leave them rather dry for a few days, then gradually increase the water supply as they make growth. Make cuttings of Cape Heaths and other hard-wooded shrubs, taking the points of the twigs and planting them in sandy peat, covering them with a bell glass or hand light. Cyclamen need a lot of water now, whilst they are making such vigorous growth. Plant Primroses and other English meadow flowering roots and bulbs in the beds, and train climbers on the walls and posts. Any plants that must be pruned should be cut back at once. Do not hack them more severely than is necessary, else they will not recover before the cola sets in. Sow seeds in pans and boxes for planting out in the open grounds. Repot any plants that have filled up with rootB. THE GREENHOUSE. Chrysanthemums should be treated here as recommended for other parts of the garden. Some of the Zonale Pelargoniums may be left unpruned to be cnt back later on, so as to obtain flowers all the year through. A few can be cat back each month, which will have the desired eflect, All other Pelar goniums ought to have been cut back two months ago. If not, cut them down at once to two buds. After leaving them dry for)afew days, recommence watering, lightly at first, ana more heavily afterwards. Cut back Colenses, and strike the cuttings in sand to keep through winter. Strike cuttings of Cane Heath, Epacrises, &c.; in sandy peat under a bell glass. Save seeds of any desired plants, and sow seeds of Pansy, Calceolaria, Cineraria, &c.; Pick out singly any seedlings that may be ready. Repot all plants that need it, and tum each pot often to make plants grow evenly balanced. T11E STOVEIIOOSE. Keej) llie temperature .up to 70° Fahr. by day, and do notlet it go below 05" Fahr. by night. Cleanse all plants from scale, thrip, &c.; Cease to repot Maxantas, and place Ciotons, Caladiums, &c.; in the warmest part of the house. Give every part of the house a thorough cleansing, and use hot limewash upon the walls and benches. PITS AND FRAMES. Sow seeds of all kinds here for every de parlmect, also raiBe plants from cuttings. Water must be applied more sparingly here than elsewhere, on account of the close atmosphere of the confined frames. The temperature should be kept at 70° Fahr. by day and 65° Fahr. by night. This can be regulated by opening or closing the sashes, and covering or uncovering with blinds. the fernery. Give more light and less water now. Cleanse the housej and the plants, removing all dead growth. Watch for and destroy scales, thrips, slugs, &c.;, which will now put; in an appearance. 