flMecellaneoua. Richard Wanner. So tie flashes of Biohard Wagner's quaint dry humor are perceptible in oce ol his ovm sketches of his boyish fanoies, taatee, and ambitions. "When I ma nine yean old," he writes, "nothing pleased me so veil bb 1 Freisohnetz.' I often saw Weber pass our house as he eame from rehearsal; I erer contemplated him with stored awe. My tutor, whose regular funotion it was to explain Cornelius Nepos to me, was obligod at last to oonsent to give me pianoforte lessons. As I soon as I had mastered . few finger exercises, 1 set to work secretly-and at first without the notes-to learn tne 1 Freisahuetz1 over ture. One day mv tutor happened to hear me praetising, and observed that ' I should never do any good.' He was quite right; all my life long I have never been able to learn to play the piano. However, I went on play ing for my own sole pleasure-nothing but overtures, and with vilest fingering itnsgirfkble. .... My ' musioal ooou pations vera, of ooarM, secondary matters; the chief ones were Greek, Latin|AI;Uiology, and Anoient History. I wrote poems, too. Oaoe a schoolfellow died, and we boys weif instructed by our master to write, each of us, a set o( verses upon the death; the best ot all, he said, should be printed. Mine it was that obtained the honors of type, but net until I had pruned It of many exoresoences. At that time I was eleven years old. Nothing would do, naturally, but I mast beoome a poet. I therefore sketohed oat an enormous tragedy, made op of about equal parts of 'Hamlet' and ' King Lear.' The plot was really most tremendous. Forty-two hnman beings per ished in the course of the piece, and I found myself compelled, in order to raider a per formance feasible, to bring most of my characters ' on ' again as ghosts, as otherwise I should have been short of dramatU ytrtona for my last two acts. I was busy with this play for two whole years. At eohool (Leipzig) I became idle and knavish. The only thing 1 cared for was my great tragedy. Bethoven's music to ' Egmont' stirred me so powerfully juBt then that T resolved not to bring out my play upon any aocount nntil it should be let to musio of a simitar obaraoter. I had per fect confidence in my own oapaclty to write tho requisite music, but thought it might per haps be as well, before beginning tooompoae it, to enlighten myself with respeot to 'a tew elementary laws of thorough- bass. To this end I borrowed Iiogfer's 'Method' for a week, and studied it eagerly, but not with such fruitful results as I had anticipated. The difficulties of counterpoint at onoe irritated and fascinated me: I resolved to becomo a musician. Meanwhile my huge tragedy had teen discovered by my family, and had pro foundly saddened them by oonoloslvely prov ing that I most have thoroughly neglected my sohoolwork on its aocount. Under these circumstances I held mj tongue about my new vooation as a musician: but none the lets did I furtively compose a sonata, a quar tette, and an aria. As. n>pn as I felt myself snHloieiitly matured by to y self-imposed mnsi eal studies, I made fall confession to my people, with whom I had hard battles to fight; for they very naturally regarded my musioal yeaniing as a passing passion-all the mora so as it oertainly was not baoed upon any real preparatory study, or even uponaoertain amount of faoalty in playing npon any instal ment lost then the July Revo lution bnJroont; instantly I became a faro lntienisi, and oame to''the. tybvioliAp't^sf a man possessed of a grain of energy cannot but be bouni to oooupy himself exclusively wilh polities. Forthwith I began ax> over ture on a political subject, quitted school, and entered Hie University-not to devote myself to the study of a ' Faculty,' for I felt myself dedioated to a musioal oareer, bnt to pick np philosophy and esthetics. I took nil advan tage whatsoever, however, of this opportunity to improve my «duoation, bat plunged into all manner of student excesses, with such fri volity and axtravaganoe that I soon got siok of them. Whan I came to my senses again, 1 felt the neoessity of reoommenolng my musioal studies at the very beginning, ana sticking to them sternly. Providenoe per mitted me to light npon the right man to in* spire me with new love for the art, and render it intelligible to me by fundamental instruc tion. That m>an was - Theodor Weinlig. Under him I Btadted ooanteipoint, and learned to know and deeply love Moeart." 