THE BBEAD-WMERS. AN AMERICAN NOVEL. Chapter VIL — Ghostly Counsel, A man whose intelligence is so limited as that of Sam Sleeny is always too rapid and rash in his inferences. Because he had seen Farnham give Maud a handful of roses, he was ready to believe things about their rela tions that had filled him with fury ; and now, because he had seen the same man talking with a beautiful girl and her mother, the con viction was fixed in his mind that Farnham's affections were placed in that direction, and that he was therefore no longer to be dreaded as a rival. He went home happier in this belief than he had been for many a day ; and so prompt was his progress in the work of deceiving himsolf that he at once came to the conclusion that little or nothing now stood between him and the crowning of his hopes. His happiness madehim unusually-loquacious, and at the supper-table he excited the ad miration of Matchin and the surprise ol Maud by his voluble history of the events of the day. He passed over Offitt's visit in silence, knowing that the Matching detested him ; but he spoke with energetic emphasis cf the beauty of the house, the handsome face and kindly manners of Farnham, and the wonderful beauty and sweetness of Alice Belling. 'Did that bold thine go to call on him alone?' cried Miss Maud, thoroughly aroused by this supposed offence against the pro prieties of life. 'Why.no, Mattie,' said Sam, a little dis* concerted. ' Her ma was along.' 'Why didn't you say so, then?' asked the unappeated beauty. 'I forgot all about the old lady, though sbe was more chinoy than the young one. She just seemed like she was a-practisin' the mother-in-law, so as to do it without stutnbliu' when the time cornea.' ' Hullo ! Do yon think they are strikin' a match?-' cried Saul in high glee. 'That would be first-rate. Keep the money and the property all together. There's too many of our rich girls marry ia' out of the state lately — keeps buildin' dulL' ' I don't believe a word of it,' Maud inter* posed. ' He ain't a man to be caught by a timperin' schoolgirl. And as to money, he's pr.t plenty for two. He can please himself when he marries.' 'Yes, but msjbe he won't please you, Mattie, and that would be a pity,' said the ironical Saul. The old man laughed loudly at his own sarcasm, and pushed bis chair back from the table, and Maud betcok herself to her own room, where she sat down, as her custom was, by the window, looking over the glowing lake and striving to read her destiny as she gazed into the crimson and golden skic3. She did cot fed at all so sure as she pretended that there was no danger of the result that Sleeny bed predicted; and now that she was brought f;,ce to face with it she was confounded at discovering how much it meant to her. She was c&rrjicg; a dream in her heart which would make or ruin her, accordiing as it should prove true or false. She had not thought of herself as the future wife of Farn ham with any clearness of hope, but she found she could not endure the thought of his marrying any one else and passing for ever out of her reach. She Eat there, bitterly ruminating, until the evening glow had died away from the lake, and the night fareezs spread its viewlesss wings and flapped heavily in over the dark ridge and the silent shore. Her thoughts had given her no light or con solation ; her chin rested on her hands, her elbows on her knees ; her large eyes, growing more luminous in the darkness, stared out at the gathering night, scarcely noting that the thy she gezed at had changed from a pompous Bctr.e of red and yellow splendour to an in finite field of tender and dark violet, fretted with intense small stars. ' What shall I do ?' she thought. 'I aai a woman. My father is poor. I have got no chance. Jurildy is happier to- day than I am, bed got more sense.' She heard a timid rap at her door, and ai- kf d sharply— 'Who's there?' ' It's me,' said Sleeny's submissive voice. 'What do you want?' she aaked again, vritbout moving. ' Mr. Bott gave me two tickets to his seance tonight'— Sam called it 'seeuus' — 'and I thought mebbe you'd like to go.' There was silence for a moment. M*ud was thinking — 'At any rate it will be better tbon to sit here alone and cry all the even ing.' So she Eaid, 'I'll come down in a minute.' She heard Sam's heavy step descending the stairs, and thought what a different tread another person had ; and she wondered whether she would ever ' do better' than take Sam Sleeny ; but she at once dis missed the thought. 'I can't do that ; I can't put my hand in a hand that smells so strong of sawduBt as Sam's. But he is a good soul, and I am sorry for him every time I look in the glass.' Looking in the glass, as usual, restored her good humor, and she started off to the ghostly rendezvous with her faithful atten oant. They never talked very much when they were alone together, and this evening both were thoughtful. Maud had never taken this commerce with ghosts much to heart. She had a feeling, which she could hardly have defined, that it was a common and plebeian thing to believe in it, and if she ever heard it ridiculed she joined in the cry without mercy. But it was an excitement and an interest in a life so barren of both that the could not afford to throw it away. Sbe bad not intelligence enough to be dis gusted or shocked by it. If pressed to explain the amount of her faith in the whole business she would probably have said she thought 'there was something in it,' and stopped at that. In minds like hers there is no clearly drawn line between the unusual and the supernatural. An apparent miracle pleased her as it would please a child, without setting her to find out how it was done. Sbe would consult a wizard, taking the chances of his having occult sources of information, with the same irregular faith in the unlikely with which some ladies call in homoeopathic prac titioners. All the way to the rooms of Bott she was rtvolviDg this thought in her mind— 'Per- haps he could tell me something about Mr. Fertlaro. I don't think much of Bott; he bas tco many knuckles on his hand?. I never fc&w; a man with so many knuckles. £ wouldn't n ention Mr. Farnham to him to cave his life, but I might got something out of him without tolling him anything. He is certainly a very em&i-t; man, and whether it's spirits or not, he trews lots of things.' It was in this mood that she entered the little apartment where Bjtt held what he called Jhis ' interimmdane tcances.' Tue recni was Email and stutiy. A simulacrum cf a chrst of drawers ia one corner W3S really BoU'a bed, where the seer reposed, as night, tsd which, tilted up against the wall during the day, contained the rank bedclothes, long icrcctnt cf the washtab. There were a dcz3a cr so of cane bottom chairs, a little table for a letup, but no other furniture. At ope side of the rccm was a small closet without a door, but with a dark and dirty curtain huDg before its aperture. Around it was a wooden rail ing, breast high, A boy with a high forehead, and hi!r combed behind ears largo and flaring like those of a rabbit, sat by the door, and took the tickets of invited guests sad the half dollars of the casuals. The seer received everybody with a nerveless shake of a clammy hand, showed them to seats, and exchanged a word or two about the weather and the *' con ditiope,' favorable or otherwise, to spiritual activity. When he saw Maud and Sam his tallowy face flushed Lin spots with delight. He took them to the best places the room sfforded, and stammered his pleasure that they bad come. ' Oh, the pleasure is all ours !' said Maud, who was always self-possessed when sbe saw men stammering. 'It's a great privilege to get soj near to the truth as you bring us, Mr. The prophet .had no answer ready ; he merely flushed again in spots, and some new arrivals called him away. The room was now pretty well filled with the unmistakeable crowd which always attends such meetings. Tbey were mostly artisans, of more intellectual ambition than their fellows, whose love of the marvellous was not held in control by any educated judgment. They had long serious faoes, and every man of them wore long hair and a soft hat. Their women were generally sad, broken spirited drudges, to whom this kind of show was like an opera or a balL There were two cr three shamefaced believers of the better class, who scoffed a little, but trembled in secret, and a few avowed sceptics, young clerks on a mild spree, ready for fun if any should present itself. Bott stepped inside the railing by the closet, acd placing his hands upon it, ad dressed the assembly.' He did not know what peculiar shape the manifestations of the even ing might take. They were in search of truth ; all truth was good. They hoped for visitors from the unseen speers ; he could promise nothing. In this very room the spirits of the departed had walked and talked with their frienos ; perhaps they might do it again ; he knew not. How they mingled in the earth-life he did not pretend to say; perhaps they materialised through the mcjum ; perhaps they dematerialiaed ma* tenal from the audience which they rcmaterialised in visible forms; as to that, the opinion of another, he said with a spaclouB magnanimity, was as good as his. He would now request two of the audience to atep up and tie him. One of the long-haired mmlnant men stood up, and a young fellow, amid much nudging and giggling among the tcorners, was also forced from bis chair. They came forward3, th« Wtowr with a borineM* like air, which showed fyaolioe, and the jonag manbluahlngandniateaw. Botttookaohair inside the curtain and anowcoi «»m ho£ *° tie him. They bound him hand C°d toot The believer testified that the bindfn^^ solid, and the sceptic went to bis seat, P»- ' fully stepping upon the toes of his scoffing friends. The curtain was lowered and the |amp was turned down. ,In a few moments a scuffling sound was heard in the closet, and Botrs coat came flying out into the room. The believer pulled back the curtain, and Bott sat in hi* chair, his shirt-sleeves gleaming white in the dusk. His coat was laid over his shoulders, and almost as soon as the curtain was lowered he jelled for light, and was disclosed sitting tied as before, clothed in his right coat. Again the curtain went down, amid a sigU of satisfaction from the admiring audience, and a choking voice, which tried hard not to sonnd like Bott's, cried out from the closet, ' Turn down the light ; we want more power.' The kerosine [lamp was screwed down till hardly a spark illumined the visible darkness, and suddenly a fiery hand appeared at the aperture of the closet, slowly opening and shutting its long fingers. A half- dozen voices murmured, ' A spirit band;' but Sam Sleeny whispered to Maud, 'Them are Botf a knuckles, for coin.' The hand was withdrawn, and a horrible face took its place— a pallid, corpse-like mask, with lambent fire sporting on the narrow fore head and the high cheek-bones. It stayed only an instant, but Sam said, ' That's the w»y Bott will look in ? ' '' Hush !' said Maud, who was growing too nervous to tmile, for fear of laughing or crying. A sound of sobbing came from a seat to the right of them. A poor woman had reog* tiscd the face as that of her husband, who bad died in the army, and shb was drawing the most, baleful inferences from its fiery adjuncts.' A moment later Bott came out of the closet, crouching so low tnat his head was baTdly two feet from the ground. He had a sheet around his neck, covering his whole person, and a white cap over bis head, cou ccaJicg most of his face. In this constrained attitude he hopped about the clear space in frotit of the audience with a good deal of dexterity, talking baby-talk in a shrill fal setto. 'Howdy, pappa! Howdy, mamma! Itiy Tudie turn adin !' A rcugh man and woman, between joy and $rnt\ mere half hysterical. They talked to the tcad-like mountebank iu the most endear icg tones, evidently believing it was their cttid baby toddling before them. Two or time times the same horrible imposture was rf T'f aitd. Bott never made bis appearance without somebody recognising him as a dear dt parted friend. The glimmering light, the en* btleBome excitement, the servile credulity £x.tti by long habit, seemed to produce a sort ct i^suDg dementia upon the regular habi tUPH. With these performances the first part came to an end. The light was turned on again, and the tying committee were re-quoted to come forward aad examine the cords with which Bott seemed tightly bciMid. The sceptic remained scornfully in hia t- at, and so it was left for tho believer to abi. ounce that not a cord had been touched. He then untied Bott, who came out from the c)ot et, stretching his limbs as if glad to be free, ^ atid announced that there would be a short intcTKnesion for an interchange of views. As he came toward Maud Sam grose and sj.it) — 'Whew ! he smells like a damp match. I'll go cut and smoke a minute, and, come back.' Bott dropped into the seat which Sleeny had left. To one who has never attended one of thtte queer cenaoula, it would be hard to ccr::prchccd the unhealthy and even nau tc-L ua character of the feeling and the con vtrtstion there prevalent. The usual decent restraints upon social intercourse seemed rtmcvtd. Subjects which the common con st lit of civilised creatures has banished from mixed society are freely opened and discussed. 3 o people like the ordinary run of the be lievers in spiritism, the opera, the ballet, and the at-nual Zola are unknown, and they must take their excitements where they can find them. The dim light, the unhealthy com nutce cf fictitious ghosts, the unreality of act arid sentiment, the unwonted abandon, form &n; atmosphere in which these second band id j sties float away into a sphere where tho morals and the manners are altogether different from those of their working days. fries Matchin had not usually joined in these morbid discussions. She was of too healthy an organization to be tempted by so tank a mental feast as that, and she had a sort of fierce maidenhood about her which revolted at such exposures of her own thought. But to-night she was sorely perplexed. She had been tormented by many fancies as she looked out of her window into the deepening shadows that covered the lake. The wonders she had seen in that room, though she did not receive them with entire faith, had somewhat shaken her nerves ; and now the seer sat beside her, his pale eyes shining with his own audacity, his lack hair dripping with sweat, his hands uneasily rubbing together, his whole attitude expressive of perfect subjection to her will. 'Why, isn't this a good chjnce?' she thought. 'He is certainly a smart man. Horrid as he looks', he knows lots, Maybe he could tell me how to find out.' She began in her airiest manner— 'Oh, Mr. Bott, what a wonderful gift you h ave gel ! How you must look down up an us poor mortals !' Bott grew spotted, and stammered— 'Far from it, Miss Matchin. I couldn't look down on you.' 'Oh, you're flattering. That's not right, because I believe every word you say — and that ain't true.' She rattled recklessly on in the sane light tone. - 'I am going to ask you something very par* ticular. I don't know who can tell me, if you can't. How can a young lady find out whether a young gentlemanu in love with her or not? Kow tell me the truth this time/' she said, with a nervous titter, 'for it's very important.' The question from any one else would not have disconcerted Bott in the least. Queries as absurd had frequently been put to him in perfect good faith, and answered with ready and impudent ignorance. But at those giggling words of Maud Matchin he turned livid and purple, and his breath came heavily. There was room for but one thought in that narrow heart and brain. He had long cherished a rather cowardly fond ness for Maud, and now that this question was put to him by the agitated girl, his vanity would cot suffer him to imagine that any one but himself was the subject of her dreams. There was to him nothing es pecially out of tbe way in this sort of in direct proposal on the part of a young woman. It was entirely in keeping with the general tone cf sentiment among the people of his circle, which aimed at nothing lees than the emancipation of the world from its old fashioned decencies. But he would not answer hastily ; he had a coward's caution. He looked a moment at the tin's biilliant color, her quick high breathing, her eager eyes, with a gloating senne of bis good luck. But he wanted her thoroughly committed. So he said, with an air in which there was already something offensively protecting — ' Well, Miss Matchin, that depends ou the speer. If the affection be unilateral, it U one thing ; if it be recippercal, it is another. The currents of soul works indifferent ways.' ' But what I mean is, if a young lady likes a young gentleman pretty well how is she going to find out for sure whether he likes her?' She went intrepidly through these words, though her cheeks were burning and her eyes would fall in spite of her, and her head was singing. There was no longer any doubt in Bott's mind. He was filled with an in solent triumph, and thought only of delaying as long as possible the love chase of which he imagined himself the object. He said slowly and severely— 'The question is too imperious to be answered in haste. I will put myself in the hands of the sperruts, and answer it as they choose after the intermission.' He rose and bowed, and went to speak a word or two to his other visitors. Sam came back and took bis seat by Maud, and said — ' I thick the fun is about over. Lass go home.' 'Go home yourself if you want to,' was the petulant reply. 'IamgoiDgtostayfcr the inspirational discourse.' ' Oh my !' said Sam. ' That's a beautiful word. Ycu don't know how pretty your mouth looks when you say that.' Sam had had his beer, and was brave and good caturcd. Bott retired once more behind the railing, bnt took his seat in a chair outside the cur tain in full view of the audience. He sat for some minutes motionless, staring at vacancy. He then slowly closed his eyes, and a con vulsive shudder ran through his frame. This was repeated at rapid intervals, with more or less violence. He next passed his hands alter nately over his forehead, as if he were wiping it, and throwing some invisible sticky sub stance, with a vicious snap, to right and left. At last, after a final shudder, which stiffened him into the image of death for a moment, he rose to his feet, and, leaning on the railing, began to intone, in a dismal whine, a speech of which we need give only the opening words. 'Dear brothers and sisters of the earth life. On pearly wings of gos*amer-dova we float down from our shining speers to bring yon messages of the higher life. Let your earth- soul be lifted to meet our sperrut-soal ; let your earth-heart blend in sweet accordion Jvith our heaven-heart; that Ore beautiful and the true in this weary earth-life may re* ceive the balmy influence of the Eden flowerets, and rise through speers of dis closure to the plane where all is beautifal and all ii true.' He continued in this strain for some time, to the evident edification of his audience, who listened with the same conventional tolerance, the same trust that it is doing your neighbor good, with which the ordinary an^ence sits under an ordinary sermon. Maude .JuwZ&g; a special reason for being alert, listened «ivb * real interest. Bat daring; his speech proper £?e made no allusion to the sub ject on which shS SsdMked for light. It was after he had finished *^8 harangue, and had gone through an enlr'atf*?} ai&f; and »n»-»- ders, tbat he announced u:«nsf' once more in the hands of tbe higher inbT2u£Snce3- and ready to answer questions, 'lc dots not need,' he whined, ' the word of the ^-ou v- or the speech of the tongue to tell the sperrats | what your sonls desire. The burden of your conl is open to the spermt-eye. There sits in this room a pure and lovely soul in quest of light. Its query is, How does heart meet heart in mutual knowledge ? Maud's cheek grew pale and then red, and her heait beat violently. But no one noticed her, and tbe seer went on— 'If a true heart longs for another there is no rest but in knowledge, there is no knowledge but in trewtb, there is no trewth but in trust. Oh, my brother, if you lore a female tell your love ! Oh, my sister, if you love— hum— if you love — hum — an Individual of the opposite srx —oh, tell your love. Down with the shams of a false-hearted society; down with the chains of silence that crushes your aoul to the dust ! If the object of your hearts' throbs is noble he will respond. Dove claims love. Love has a right to love. If he is base go to a worthier one. But from your brave and fiery heart a light will kindle his, and dual flames will wrap two chosen natures in high- menial melodies, when once the revelating word is spoke.' With these words he subsided into a deep trance, which lasted till the faithful grew tired of waiting and shuffled slowly out of the door. When the last guest had gone, he rose from his chair with no pretence of spiritual dignity, and counted his money and his tickets. He stretched himself in two chairs, drew his fingers admiringly through his lack locks, while a fatuous grin of perfect content spread over his face, as he said aloud to himself — ' She has got it bad. I wonder whether she will have the nerve to ask me. I'll wait a while, anyhow. I'll lose nothing by waiting.' Meanwhile Maud was walking rapidly home with Sam. She was excited and per plexed, and did not care to answer Sam'a rather heavy pleasantries over the evening's performance. He ridiculed the spirit- lights, the voices, and the jugglery, without pro vokicg a reply, and at hut he said — 'Well, what do you think of his advising the girls to pop ? This ain't leap year.' 'What of that?' she answered hastily. ' I don't see why a girl hasn't as good a right to speak her mind as a man.' 'Why, Mattie,' said Sam, with slow sur prise, ' no decent girl would do that' They had come to Matchin's gate. She slipped in, then turned and said— r* Well, don't be frightened, Mr. Sleeny ; I'm not going to propose to you;' and she was gone from his sight. She went directly to her room, and walked up and down a few moments without taking off her hat, moving with the easy crace and the suppressed passion of an imprisoned pan ther. Then she lighted her lamp and placed it on her bureau at one side of the glass. She searched in her closet and found a candle, which she lighted and placed on the other sidecf the glass. She undressed with reck less haste, throwing her clothes about on the flcor, and sat down before her mirror with bare arms and shoulders, and nervously loosened her hair, watching every movement with blazing eyes. The thick masses of her blue-black curls fell down her back and over ter sloping shoulders, which glowed with the creamy light of old ivory. The unequal rays of the lamp and candle made singular effects of shadow on the handsome' face, the float ing hair, and the strong and wholesome color of her neck and arms. She gazed at herself with eager eyes and parted lips, in an anxiety too great to be assuaged by her girlish pride in her own beauty. ' This is all very well,' she said, ' but he will not see me this way. Oh ! if I only dared to speak first ! I wonder if it would be as the spirits said. ' If he is noble he will respond !' He is noble, that's sure. ' Love claims love,' they said. But I don't know as I love him. I would, if that would fetch him, quick enough ; and the hot blood came surging up, covcriog neck and brow with crimson. Chapter VIIL— A Bud and a. Blossom. Farnham was sitting the next evening in his library when Budsey entered and said Mr. Ferguson desired to see him. The gaunt Scotchman came in and said with feverish haste, 'The cereus grandiflora will be goin' to bloom the night. The buds are tremblin7 and laborin' now.' Farnham put on his hat and went to the conservatory, which was separated from the house by the entire extent of the garden. Arriving there the gardener took him hurriedly to an inner room, dimly lighted— a small square piece between the ferns and the grapes —where the regal flower had a wall to itself. Two or three garden chairs were disposed about the room. Fer guson mounted on one of them acd turned up the gas so that its full light shone upon the plant. The bud was a very large one, perfect and symmetrical ; the strong sheath, of a rich and even brown, as yet showed only a few fissures of its surface, but even now a faint odor stole from the travailing sphere, as from a cracked box of alabaster filled with perfume. The face of the canny Fergus was lighted up with an eager joy. He had watched the growthand progress of thisplant from infancy. He had leaned above its cradle and taken pride in its size and beauty. He had trained it over the wall, from which he had banished every rival, in large and graceful curves, reaching from the door of the fernery to the door of the grapery, till it looked, in the usual half light of the dim chamber, like a well-regulated serpent maturing its designs upon thejneighborirjg paradise ; and now the time was come when he was to see the fruit of his patience and his care. 'Heaven be thankit,' he murmured devoutly, ' that I was to the fore when it came.' ' I thank you, Fergus, for calling me,' said Farnham, smiling, 'I know it must have cost you an effort to divide such a sight with any one.' 'It's your siller bought it,' the Scotchman answered sturdily; 'bat there's nobody knows it or cares for it as I do— and that's the truth.' His glance was fixed upon the bud, which seemed to throb and stir as he spoke. The soft explosive force within was at work so strongly that the eye could watch its opera tion. The fissures of the sheath widened visibly and turned white as the two men looked at them. 'It is a shame to watch this beautiful thine; happening for only us,' Farnham said to the gardener. 'Go and tell Mrs Belding, with my compliments, and aek her and Miss Belding to come down.' But observing his crestfallen expression he took compassion on him and said, 'No, you had better remain, for fear something should happen in your absence. I will go for the ladieB. ' I hope ye'll not miss it,' said Fergus ; but his eyes and his heart were fixed upon the bud, which was slowly gaping apart, showing a faint tinge of gold in its heart. Farnham walked rapidly up the garden, and found the Beldings at the door, starting for evening service with their prayer-books in their hands. 'Do you wish to see the prettiest thing you ever saw in your lives? — of course I ex. cept your mirrors when in action,' he began, without saluation. ' If so, come this moment to my conservatory. My night-blooming cereus has her coming-out party to night.' They both exclaimed with delight, and were walking with him toward the garden. Sad denly Mrs. Belding stopped and said— 'Alice, run and get your sketch-book and pencil. It will be lovely to draw the flower.' ' Why, mamma! we shall not have time for a sketch.' 'There, there ! do as I tell you, and do not waste time in disputing.' The iyoung girl hesitated a moment, and then with instinctive obedience went off to to fetch her drawing materials, while her mother said to Farnham — ' Madame de Yaudrey says Alice is very clever with her pencil ; but she is so modest ; I shall have to be severe with her to make her do any thinp. She takes after me. I was very clever in my lessons, but never would admit it' Alice came down the steps. Farnham, see ing her encumbered by her books, took them from 1. er, and they went down the walks to the conservatory. They found Ferguson sitting with the same rapt observation be fore his tropical darling. As the ladies en tered be rose to give them seats, and then re tired to the most distant corner of the room, where he spent the rest of the evening entirely unaware of any one's presence, and given up to the delight of his eyes. The bud was so far opened that the creamy white of the petal* could be seen within the riven sheath, whose strong dark color exquisitely relieved the pallid beauty it had guarded so long. The silky stamens were still coiled about the central style, but the splendor of color which was coming was already suggested, and a breath of intoxicating fragrance stole from the heart of the immaculate flower. The-/ spoke to each other in low tones, as if impressed with a sort of awe at the beau* tif ul aad mysterious development of fragrant ai-d lovely life going forward under toeir sight The dark eyes of AUce Belding were full of that vivid happiness which strange and charming thing* T-ring to Intel ligent girlhood. She was looking with all her soul, and her breath was quick and high, and her soft red lips were parted and tr«mu* Sii^iifiBiiB7iifiBiBMaiiiMilVMMaMifMixiii--«-ta^^i^MMil*^a)^iH«*iiiififtTs^r^a7rf loos. Farnham looked from her to the flower and back again, gazing on both wiiH equal safety, for the one waf as nnoons^poi tifbi* admiring glances as the other. Suddenly the sonnd of bells floated in front the neighboring street, and both of the ladies started. 'No. don't you go,' said Mrs. Beldiog to her daughter. 'I mast, because I have to see my ' Rescue the Perishing.' Bat you can just as well stay here and make your sketch. Mr. Farnh&ta; can take care of you, acd I will be back in an hocr.' 'But-, mamma!' cried Miss Alice, too much scandalized to speak another word. ' I won't have you lese this chance,' her mother continued. ' I am sure Mr. Farnham will cot object to taking care of you a little while ; acd if he hasn't the time, Fergus will bring } ou home— bm, Fergus?' 'Ay, madam, with right goid-will,' the csrdcner said, bis hard face softening into a snrjle, 'TL'5re, sit down in that chair and begin your sketch- It is lovely just as it is.' She waited until Alice, whose confusion had turned her face crimson, had taken her seat, opened her sketch-book, and taken her pencils in her trembling hands, and then the brisk and hearty woman drew her shawl about her and bustled to the door. 'I will walk to the church door with yon,' said Farnham, to the infinite relief of Alice, who regained her composure at the instant, and began with interest to sketch the flower. She thought, while her busy fingers were at work, that she had perhaps been too prudish in objecting to her mother's plan. 'He evidently thinks nothing of it, and why should I?' (To he continued.) 