BUDDHISM IN RELATION TO CHRISTIANITY. At the last large meeting held in February, by the Victoria (Philosophical) Institute, 7, Adelphi Terrace, London, a paper was read by the Rev. R. C. Collins, M.A.,. on Buddhism in relation to Christianity. Re ferring to the parallels between the persons and characters of Bnddha and Jesus Christ, he said —Take, as a prominent instance,the birth stories. I need nor here give details, which are to be found in auy modern work on Baddhism. The supposed miraculous conception ; the bringing down of Buddha from the Tusita heaven ; the Devas acknow ledging his supremacy;the presentation in the Temple, when the images of Indra and other gods threw themselves at his feet; the temp tation by Mara—which legends are embel lished by the modern writer I have already quoted, under such phrases as 44 Conceived by the Holy Ghost," 44 Born of the Virgin Maya," 44 Song of the heavenly host," 44 Presentation in the Temple and tempta tion in the wilderness"—none of these is found in the early Pali texts. The simple story of ancient Buddhism is that an ascetic, whose family name was Gautama, preached a new doctrine of human Buffering, and a new way of deliver ance from it. There is no thonght in the early Buddhism, of which we read in the Pali texts, of deliverance at the hands of a god ; but the man Gautama Buddha stands alone in bis striving after the true emanci pation from sorrow and ignorance. The accounts of bis descending from heaven, and being conceived in the world of men, wheu a preternatural light shone over the worlds, the blind received sight, the dumb sang, the lame danced, the sick were cured, together with all such embellishments, are certainly added by later hands ; and if here we recog nise Borne rather remarkable likenesses in thought or expression to things familar to us in onr Bibles we need not be astonished, when we reflect how great must have been the influence, as I have before hinted, of the Christian story in India in the early centuries of the Christian era, and, perhaps, long subsequently. This is a point which has been mnch overlooked ; bat is is abun dantly evident from, among other proofs, the Btory of the god Krishna, which is a manifest parody of the history of Christ. The Bhagavat-Gita, a theosophical poem put into the mouth of Krishna, is something unique among the productions of the Cast, containing many getns of what we should call Christian truth wrested from their proper setting, to adorn this creation of the Brahman poet and indicating as plainly their origin as do tho stories of his life in the Malta Bharata ; so that it has not unreason ably been concluded that the story of Krishna was iosured in the Malta Baliarata to finish a devine sanction to the Bhagavat Gila, If, then, as there is the strongest reason to believe, the Christian story, some, where between the first and tenth centuries of the Christian era, forced itself into the great Hindu epic, and was at the foundation of the most remarkable poem that ever saw the light in India, can we be surprised if we find similarly borrowed and imitated wonders in the later Bnddhist stories also ? Several Home and Colonial applications to join the Institute as guinea subscribers were received, and its object being to investigate all philosophical and scien tific questions, especially any said to militate against the truth of the Bible—a dicussion ensued in which Mr Hormuzd Rassam, Professor Leitner, from Lahore, Mr Cole9, an earnest student of the question during 25 years1 residence in Ceylon, Pro fessor Rhys Davids, and others took part. All agreeing in and confirming the state ments of Mr Collins' paper. Dr. Leitner brought a large number of photographs of early Indian and Tartar sculptures, showing the first introduction of the Christian story Into these monuments between about the second and tenth centuries, and he pointed out the value of such additional confirma tion of Mr Collins' statements. 