hmmsi THE BOOKS. LITERARY AND ART COSSiP- Mr. R. L. Stevenson's new book, The Silver- . ado Squatters, will be a narrative of his own experiences in California. Professor Max Mullcr will publish at onco his Deutsche Licbt (Gorman Lore) : Fragments from, the Papers of an Alien. Mrs. Power O'Douoghuo's new novel, A Beggar on Horseback, will be issued imme diately by Messrs. Hurst and Blackett. Cardinal Nowman contributes an article on The Inspiration of Scripture to tho Feb ruary number of tho Nineteenth Century, M, Boulez has been appointed vice-presi dent of tho Acadcmie des Scionces of Paris. As tho natural consequence, he will become president in 18S5. Mr. Melton Prior, tho special artist of tho Illustrated London A'eies, ha3 arrived at Suakim, and, by permission of Baker Pasha, has been attached to his staff. Munkaczya new picture, whioh he is now finishing, is Christ on Calvary, This will bo exhibited in Paris at Easter, in a rouu con structed specially for it. Mr. Wood's recent excavations at Epliesns have resulted in the discovery of a nnmbor of fragments of soulpturo and architecture, which are now on their way to England. Cardinal Manning contributed to the Feb' ruary nnmbor of Merry England an essay on Consistency, illustrated by allusions to tho careers of contemporary statesmen and others. M. Emilo Wautcrs, tho famous Belgian painter, lias gone on a visit of six months to Morocco. It is also announced that bo will not return to Brussels, bnt has resolved to settle at cither I'aria or London. Mr. Egmont Hake's Life of Chinese Cordon has already oncountcrcd serious rivalry. Mr. Charles H. Allen, tho secretary of tho Anti- Slavery Society, has written a lifo of General Gordon, which is published at Id. Mm. I'feiffar's new poem, entitled The Rhyme of the Lady of the Bock and How it Grew, deals in ballad form with the tragic relations of Catanach Maclean of Douart and his wife, a daughter of tho Areylo3. King Humbert, it is said, contemplates set ting apart soma rooms in the Quirinal Paiaco for the formation of a museum of the same kind as tho Garibaldi Museum on tbe Capitol, in which will bo preserved together the gifts, banners, standards, wreaths and other offerings made in honor of his august fathor. Mr. Elliot Stock announces a volume of Creek Folk Songs, translated by Mies Lucy M. J. Garnott, and with an introduction by Mr. J. S. Stuart-Glcnnio. Tho examples include patriotio, love, wedding, pastoral, humorous and ghost-loro Bongs. The introduction will relate to tho geographical features, history and present condition of tho peoplo. Augusto Alexandre Dumont, the designer of Napoleon's statue on tho Placo Vcndomo Column, died at the age of 82. Tho son of a distinguished sculptor, ho stndiod first undor his father, then at tho School of Fine Arts and lastly at Rome. The Genius of Liberty, on the Bostillo Column, was also his work, and tho Louvre Palace of Justice and other build ings contain his sculptures. Messrs. Griffith and Farran will publish im mediately an edition of thoir popular little honlc. A Word In tJir. Wi» on Hominon Rvmr in the Use of English, in vellum parchment style, uniform with thoir English copyright edition of Don't, Thoy aro also preparing for immodiate publication a soiection of extracts from the letters of Lord Chesterfield to 1i!b son, to be entitled Manuel's and Speech, which will also bo issued in the samo style. Professor Von Treitschko has just won a prize of 1000 thnlcrs for tbe best historical work in German producod during the last five years. It iB ploasant to loam that tho work thus crowned is not the professor's very latest CBsay, which is a dissertation on tho character of Abraham, giving oxprosslon to nnti-Semitlo sentiments of a very pronouncod character. "Tho dirtiest old Jow that ever lived" and "grasping coward" are r.otthe strongest epithets applied by Herr von Trcitsclike to tho Father of tbe Faithful. Messrs, Trllbner announce an Important work, In two volumes, on Spanish and Portu guese South America during the Colonial Period, by Capt. Robert Grant Watson. It will cover the three centuries from the dis co v«y of the continent down to tho British evacuation of the territories of the River Plate in 1807. It is intended to continue the work with a history of tho Boveral States of South America since their separation from Spain and Portugal down to tile present day. The death of Mr, R. H. Home, the well known poet, essayist and dramatist, is an- nonncod in our cable telegrams from London. Mr. Hornc died nt an advanced age, having been born early in the present century. He was educated for the army at the Royal Military College, Sandhurst (Eng.); but afterwards en tered tile Moxican navy as a midshipman, nnd was present nt the bombardment of Vera Cruz nnd the taking of the fortress of Don Juan, Ulloa, For some years ho led an adventurous life, visiting tho United Stales, and passing some time amongst the Indian tribes. Re turning to England lie devoted himself to literature. Ho wrolo and published a great number of workB, both in poetry and prose, amongst which may bo named liis epic poem of Orion, which was published nt the price of one farthing, a device intended as a sarcasm on tho low estimation into which Mr. Horne conceived epic pootry had fallen. The poem has since gone through ten editions, and many pirated editions have also been isoucd in tho United States. Amongst his masterpieces is the tragic play tho Death of Marlowe. In 1852 Mr. Home visited Victoria, and was ap pointed to the command of tho gold escort, and afterwards a goldfields commissioner. territorial magistrate, commissioner of tho Yan Yean Water Supply and mining re- gistrar at the Bine Mountains. He was ono of tho champion swimmers of Australia, and at tho Caledonian games ho carried the late Sir. Pond (of thu well known firm of Spiers and Pond) upon his shoulders in n foot raco for 50 yards, Mr. Pond being 0 ft. 4 in. in height. Sir, Horne was tho founder of tho Melbourne Garriok Club. About twelve years ago bo left Australia and roturncd to Enuland, whore bo published a nnmbor of his later works, ond contributed largely to several of the best periodicals. In 1874 Lord BeaconBfield awarded him a civil list pension, and doublod tho amount a few days beforo the Beaconsfield Ministry retired from office. 