SUPEENATUEALISM IN THJ3 POLICE COURT. An amusing case was heard yesterday after noon at the City Police Court, before the Police Magistrate, Mr. Call (says the Age of Sep tember 87). A joung man of respectable ap pearance, named Harry Claude Winters, de scribed as a gymnast, was charged by Mb mother-in-law, Mrs. Elizabeth Shophord, with stealing her furniture, which she valued at £40. Mr. Morgan appeared for tho prosecu tion. The complainant, an elderly woman, who had taken out a warrant and had the prisoner arrested, said she was a widow, and earned her living us a dressmaker. Bho used to live at 4 Pelham- street, Carlton. The prisoner and his wife lived there also, in he had no home of his own On the 16th July she left the house to go iL to service, the prisoner having charge of the furniture. On the 16th instant, having left her phce, she went back to the house to see if all was right, when she found the house empty and discovered that all the furniture had been removed to an auction room in Bourke-street. She went there and saw several things which belonged to her. In cross-examination by tho acuuted she ad mitted having told him. the night before he was married, that bis wife was not really her daughter, acd that the girl's mother was in Kngland. She would swear now that the girl was her daughter. The reason sho told prisoner the falsehood was that the girl, who was a notorious liar, had begged of her to say so There had been a bill of sale over the furniture, bu*-. it was oloared off and settled The prisoner had paid the lent of the house John B. Davidson, salesman to hU brother, tn auctioneer, proved that the prisoner brought certain goods to be sold, which were worth about £7, and were sold at auction the »-m« day, realising £4 16s. 2d. The complainant called at the auction room before' all the things were taken away, and claimed some, but did not forbid their removal. For the de fence tbe prisoner called Stusrt Bell, a hair dresser, living in Berkeley-strest, who remem bered, whilst visiting tho house, hearing Mrs. Shepherd say that her son ia law (the accused) nerd not be so hard on her as to turn her out, at she had given him all the furniture in lieu of the rent which he paid. That occurrod about five weeks ago. The accused's brother, 8. L L. Winters, was then called, and gave some extraordinary evidence. He announced himself as a professional 'sword swallower' and con tortionist, and performer on the horizontal bar. He had been staying at the Criterion Hotel. The complainant, Mrs. Shepherd, wasabeliever in ghosts and spiri's, and held conversations with the Utter. On one occasion, whilst ho and his brother (tho prisoner) wero in the house together, they heard a noise which so alarmed them that they concealed themselves in a cup board, taking weapons of defence in case of its Heine burglars breaking into the place. Whilst secreted in the cupboard, peeping through the oracrs, they saw Mrs. Shepherd and a little girl i nter, who forthwith darkened the house, and called out to tho spirit* in affeo tionato terms. The prisoner, bang a bit of a ventriloquist, answered her from the cupboard 'in a ventriloquial voice,' saying ''Tes, dear,' when she asked if a spirit was present. Then Mrs. Shepherd adjured the spirits, ind said she mortally acd bitterly hated her son-in-law, and mentioned in tho course of her colloquy with tho ghostly beings she was in imagination addressing that she was in love with an old 'gentleman' who reoiprocated her affection and would marry her. Mr. Call here interposed with th* re mark, 'What was said about the furniture; to whom did it belong?' The witness then, in a long rambling account of the interviow be tween Mrs. Shepherd and the spirits, said the former had distinctly owned to having given up the furniture, and wanted tho ghost to aid her in 'putting a bullet through the prisoner and helping her afterwards if convicted and sentenced to be hanged for mu-der to die like a fcrave woman.' All the while this spiritual iatio conversation was going on a jingling noise was heard in tho cabinet, whoro the two brothers were concealed fooling tho woman. After listening with extraordinary pationco to agood deal of this poouliar evidence, tho benoh dumissad tho caso, and ordered the wjouted to bo eo5 st liberty. 