MUSIoAL AND DRIAMATICALT ENTERTAINMENT. A IUcsrtor. and dramatioal eoltcrtninment by a number of local lll naatira iwna givrn In tfb .Tulmiperanto Hall on ~ritday atght. Th'l hall was well fllled itn ovcry partit many byin ullnablo to flud. ebali, igilhoit eltodnt. nattting that tlh retltiretnenta of thli tolta call for a' larger boilding. l'4ho stagb ta I well fitted up fur the dramatie'part of entor taiilmelto 0aid 1 onsider.lng'it' nito defects, made~ ry active. -T'he ento~ taiumPnt openod puntuually at eilht j'c!do and, after til performance of thlo litat Item on the programtnme, SEr. Tyter atoplepd upon the stage, and in a neat sp:ech reqloated all to coandlct themnadveo as ae.nftleomiand gentlewomen, a tatiug that the pzrfortlAor were all new to the boarda, and the lonat attlunpt at larrllinldm or rowdyiant might upset them in the perfornianco of their respetive pirts; he hoped all would bea have themselveey tuLif they did not tlldy would fizd amp arVlaion had beoo ltlnde to troot the caob ¶lohie admonitiont had the desired efltot, for then atudleoftiot oa tt moat orderly one. The first ietolt on l the programme wna an instrumental trip- (t'wo pin)an an.l aop organ), Misses Kimber and Tyter playing the pianus anid hr, Ortlia the organ The musical ability of oll throee performers is wel!-known, and the trio had a plessing effect, perfect harmony being maintiained. Nest cano the pnaetinent of Morton's drama " Sluasher and Oraahor." The plot.of the play is certainly not very deep, .ana the thread may easily h followed, but the pierformers went through' their parto Very wIoll for amateuras especi ally Mr. W Dw)or who took the part of Old Blowhard very creditably. The ex press(nn and acting of Miiaea Ohettor and Geooihegan wor ogood, and the latter seomed to eat-y with Ihtr soImelhat of the mien of a prol .ionao1 Aflor " htlelsiar nnd Qrjsoobgr" ,thoi Iua an itrimlrll od tan milnutes, bt few availed tbennstolveof tUio. to go outside, evidently lest tto'r cljusn to a snat uight in the msnmntilns be joampel. \hetn the curtain r no agail, a.saoit of lliggar O " or "tllioltU In t lltertlilhllsllts l wae prorccded with. Mesa,'s. E. ] vyer and P. fttiusghnossis bhoing tin two " corner sano," nod ithe opening chorus " Down thle !ricer" wvas very nicely rendered by the ,_enspasy. M.1isb Gnghcgna sane.:" Does" your heart b?at t?us :to monT' ve.y. cTll'ooitel; onst Miss Cheatsr, who only- a week heforo toads Ie r d,6ot satng very nicely in " Bonoath.the Daises," and with somn cnltturs wonhl not be behind mnny. of our-local amaneors; The sonig " Caroline" was nicely sun- by M'r. Dsayr, and hIr. 'P. Etltsltgbansen's. " Ilannali ltwv's your Iea 1" created mnch lhughtor. .[r.-F. Pratt sanskt Only ia littleopair of slesa"e8very well, hou ans he was is a reclining poatur?,otbe aedience did not get the fell benefit of ins voice; he did sosali lietter, Ihowcever, isn "1 ca 't abke it out, can you 1" Mr. urtis, itt his song of "T'he Reefor " wans exellent, t le siaeer acoisepanying himsself on the piano. A pianoforte selection by' Miss yter was skilfully performed, and' this young lady performed her tank of sceompanying tiso variou saingers airy creditably. The con cluding laughable farce announced on the progrsmme was the " Ghost in the Pawsl hihop'" which has 'been before represented hb Kinmna amateurs. Messrs. DLvyer, Ettisghbusen, and Prott, were the actoat?, and the result on this occasion was fully eqsal 'to the previous one. The cnstortahi merit, whbich was geoerally ackrnowleldged to he a success, closed at tse reasonahle hour of ll otrlock, The proceeds. are in aid if t he Rotnan Oatholie l'ronbytory, nrid name tlsisg lire £22 wos realised, 