LOCAL AND GENERAL. St. D avid’s Cix ij.—The usual weekly meeting of this club will he held at the Victoria street schoolroom to-morrow at 8 p.m. After the business has been disposed of Air J. Knlbfcll will read Iris second paper on “ How Ireland became part of Groat Britain.” City P olice Court.—A very quick despatch of business was accomplished this morning by the Police Magistrate, MrTarloton. Geo.Guest.forhnving been drunk and disordcrlj' in Campbell street yesterday, was fined 5s, with the option of seven days’ imprisonment. John Foy, charged with having been found sleeping in the Old Afarkct this morning without permission, and with being nn idle and disorderly character, was sent to gaol for three months. R evival Service.—The third o f-a scries of rcviral services was held at the Alcchanics’ Institute last evening. There was a very large large attendance, and the service was conducted by the Rev. II. Greenwood. The proceedings were commenced by Afcssrs G. W. Ifc and S. B. Alathcroffcring up prayer. Air Greenwood delivered a long and earnest address, taking as Iris text the 7thand 8th verses of tiic 3rd chapter of Hebrews:— “ Wherefore, os the Holy Ghost saith, lo-day, if yc will hear His voice, harden not your hearts, ns in the provocation, in the day of temptation in the wilderness.” A very good choir was present and led by Mr Tlios. Hanson, Air Joseph White presiding at the organ with his usual amount of efficiency. A similar meeting will be held to-night. Tjieitbe R oyal.—There was a good n( tendance at the Theatre last evening, when the cotncdy of “ Guv’nor ” was repeated. The cast wos llic same ns when tbc piece was placed on the boards earlier iu the season, and the nmusing incidents were as palpable ns before. Air Hall, of course, took tlic part of old Alncclesfield, and it is needless to add lie played it well. His appearance on the stage was tho sure forerunner of mirth, and the manyoddiond drolleries of the deaf boatman kept the audience fairly convulsed with [liter. Alessrs Hoyt and Marshall, ns BuUerscolh jun. and sen. respectively, did full justice to their characters, whilst tho same can be truly said of Aliss Wallace, who appeared ns Carrie (the daughter—not the yacht). The other performers also were successful. To-niglit “ Blow for Blow ” will be produced, with Air Hall as Charlie Spraggs, one of his best characters. T he Australian C ricketers.—To-day the Australian cricketers were to have commenced their eighth, and perhaps most important match of the campaign, against an eleven picked from Lancashire, which was the champion county of England in 1881, and includes the following well-known players :—A. N. Hornby, R. G. Barlow, A. G. Steele, J). L. Steele, O. P. Lancashire, Pilling, and others ; notwithstanding this, the 18S2 team defeated them. The match against the present (cam is being watched with interest, mid tlic Colonials, in order to scoro a win, will have to put forth their very best efforts. The first eleven met Lancashire on August 16, 1878, but the match was drawn iu favour of tlic Colonials, the scores being, Australians first innings, 140, second do 47, without the loss of a wicket. Lancashire, 97 and 162. No match was arranged against tlic second cloven, but the third team met them on tlic Old Trafford Grouud, Alanchesler on June 1, 2, nnd 3, 18S2, wlieu the Colonials scored a win by four wickets. The Australians at their first attempt put together 259, and at their second 129 for the loss of six wickets. Tho Lancashire scores were 118 and 269. Native A cuteness.—Alany of our town customers are complaining of not getting their papers regularly delivered. Upon taxing our runners they declare they all leave Die papers. A circumstance has come to our notice which may account for ninny of the missing papers. A number of little lnrrikin boys watch (he runners leave a ‘paper, nud immediately he goes away these bright youths run, pick up the paper at the door, knock, nnd ask of the parties will they buy the Tasmanian JYi irs, “ only a penny.” The parlies, expecting, of course, their paper to be left, answer “ No," and the boy clears out to sell the stolen paper on the street. No doubt mauy of our friends arc served this -way. A very smart dodge was perpetrated during the time wo were moving to the now offices. Some arabs stole a number of old issues from ouo of tlic passages, and sold them on the trcels as that evening’s issue, many of our usual customers being easily victimised. The following paragraph will show how such youths are dealt with in a sister c o lo n y Jam es Hill, a ragged little boy, was charged before Air O'AIalley Clarke, at the Central Police Court, on Tuesday inorniug. with stealing 114 newspapers, value 9s 6d, tho property of tlic trustees of the late Sauiucl Bennett. Ludwig Willoughby, a clerk in the office of the Nrcniny Nans, deposed that during the past fortnight complaints had reached tlic office from the country agents to tlic effect that their papers were invariably short iu numbers. Over 1000 papers lmd been stolen, and the trustees nad determined to prosecute the first offender that should be caught. Yesterday Mr Walker, one of Hie carters, returned to the office, stating that he was two parcels short on iris arriral at the railway station. He brought with him tlic prisoner, who he accused of appropriating the papers. Joseph Walker, on oath, stated that yesterday evening on his arrival at the railway station he noticed the papers were deficient in number. He returned to the publishing office to announce the fact, and when alighting from hi6 cart he saw prisoner run off. He pursued him, and on coming up to him the boy stated that “ It was not me that took the papers, Air W alker; they were gtren to me by a boy who ‘ digged ’ them.” He look the lad back to the office, and found that the lad had over 50 pa. papers in Iris possession, for all of which no could not account. E vidence was given by the prisoner’s brother, a diminutive boy of nine, to tho effect that he wns present when Iris brother bought 16 of the papers from another lnd for a sliilling. Jn answ er to Iris W orship G,c prisoner stated th a t lie was 15 years , of ,ogc, nnd that his parents were living. H is W orship sentenced prisoner to ono month's imprisonment w ith hard labour. I D e6Rcbation.—W e understand that a wreath of enamelled flowers, placed by relatives on tlic tomb of Air Denman, late of the Grange, Quecnborough, was stolen by some mean thief about Thursday last. The matter has been nloccd iu the hands of the Police, and a reward offered by the Cemetery authorities. Q u a rantine S tation.—The Chief Secretary, accompanied by another member of the Alinistiy, with the Master Warden, Health Officer, and House Surgeon of the General Hospital, will proceed down tlic river to-raorrow afternoon irith the object of ascertaining whether it is possible to select a suitable site for a quarantine station. F ootball.—A match between the High School and the Christ College learns wns played yesterday afternoon on the Battery Ground, and resulted in a win for the collegians by 3 goals to 1. C. Goddard, A. Turner, J. Cleary, and Garrard played in excellent style for the College, A. Turner securing 2 goals nnd J. Cleary 1. while T. Howe scored for tho High School. Air B. Stuart undertook the honorous duties of field umpire, and ful filled them satisfactorily. I mmigration.—Air R. L. Castray, Secretary to the Immigration Board courteously informs us that he has re ccivcd information stating that tho s.s Gulf of Carpentaria left London onAIay 30, haring on hoard 126 immigrants for Tasmania. The s.s. Westmeath left London with a similar compliment of immigrants on April 30, making n total of 252 souls now afloat bound for this colony. These, together with previous arrivals, will make the number of immigrants obtained since the inauguration of the present system about 1250. TELEOBArn ro A lkebton.—Wc learn from the Hon. Treasurer that the con tractors for the telegraph line to Alborton jmro completed their work, and that the instruments and material required to open the office arc now on their way to Bridport, from whence Ihcy will be carted to Alberton. Air Dodds anticipates that the office at the latter place will be open for the transaction of public business about Saturday next Alining men general!}', will appreciate the new line, as at present the nearest office to the Alount Victoria mines is upper Ringnrooma A Caution to W oodcabtehs.—This morning, at Hie Arayor’s Court, a caution was given to wood-carters and others, who the habit of shooting loads of wood and coal out on the footpath to be placed down the cellars of their rcpertivc purchasers, when a man named James Ward wns fined 10s fid and costs, for Laving thrown quantity of coal out on a footpath in Elizabeth street. It is to he hoped this will have the effect of checking the too frequent custom of throwing wood ami coal on the paths, as it not only injures tlic paths, but is also a great source of annoyance to pedestrians. AIavob’s Court.—At tho Alayor’s Court this morning His Worship Die Alnyor (Air Wm. Bclbin) nnd Alderman Hnrboltle presided. Joshua Anson, John Hogan and Jane Prior were each fined 5s for having allowed their chimneys to catch on fire. A lad named Ralph Gay, for having drawn n truck along the footpath in Argyle street, was fined 5s. James Ward, for having thrown coal, out on the footpath in Elizabcth-strect wns fined 10s fid and costs. Francis Hursey and Susan Pemberton were each fined 2s Cd and costs for having allowed their cows and goats to stray about the streets. James Lloyd Cleary and James Hursey, for similar offences, were fined and costs. S ubmarine Cadle R kceitts.—The Hon. Treasurer courteously supplies us with the following figures, showing the gross receipts of the submarine cable for May, 1884, as compared with the same month last year:—Paid in Tasmania in Alar, 1SS3, £425 18s Id ; in 1881, £374 7s lid ; paid in the other colonies in Alny 1SS3. £322 7s 4d ; in 1884, £287 5s. The total for Afay, 1883, was £748 5s fid, against. £661 12s lid for the corresponding mouth in the present year. The total number of messages in the same periods were, 3200 against 3731, being increase for Alay 1884, of 531. The result is a satisfactor}' one, showing as it docs that the community is receiving the benefit of the change in prices, even though the revenue slightly suffers. To K eepers of Cows.—At the Alayor’i. Court this morning four keepers of cows were mulcted in sums ranging from 2s Gd and acosts to 5s and costs, for allowing their cows to roam about the streets. This should be a caution to cow-owners to keep their animals at home, and not let them roam all about tho streets, as at present is the case. One defendant, named James Hursey, was very indignant at being summoned, and several times insulted the presiding justices. Atone stage of the case, addressing the Alayor, lie said the police at times required more looking after than the cows. When the latter gentleman told him he was fined 5s and costs, he asked for time to pay it in, and when asked how long lie required, replied, “ well fid per week.” This, of course, w._.. considered ridiculous, and upon being refused time, ns the Alaj'or considered lie was only trifling with the Court, said, “ Well, it is a good thiug I have the money to pay." He (Hursey) also said lie would stop the amount fined, out of what lie owed the Corporation for rates nnd tuxes. Had Hursey been at the Police Court, Campbell street, it is probable he would not Imre been treated with such leniency, and more would no doubt have been heard of the case. Court of R equests.—The Court sat this morning in its small debts jurisdiction, His Honor CommissionerTarlclon presiding. A number of undefended cases were dealt with in the usual way. There were only two defended cases. The Carn Brea Tin Aliniug Company sought to recover £5 from Waller Jamieson on two promissory notes, signed by defendant. Tho plea for tlic defence was that at the time of signing the uotes defendant was under age. His Houor held that the pica was valid, and granted a nonsuit. Air Cecil Allport appeared for plaintiffs, and Air A. Robertson for the defence. A. Stuart, publisher, of AIclbourne, proceeded against Robert Donnelly to recover £6 12s, for goods sold. Mr H. Simmouds appeared for plaintiff, Air A. J. Robertson for defendant. The case for the plaintiff: was that Donnelly had ordered a work, entitled “ The Popular Encyclopedia,” in 14 volumes, at 12s per volume, to bo delivered monthly 03*the volume, and after accepting delivery of three volumes, and paying for them, ho declined to take an3r more. Tbc present action was brought to recover the balance, viz., £6 12s. For the defence it was submitted that defendant had not entered into any contract, but had agreed to take two volumes on trial. I t transpired in evidence that defendant had written the name of J. Donnelly on the back of the canvasser’s order form, but he now contended that that name, (which was liis father’s, and not his own) was merely given as an address to which the books should be sent, and that he was ignorant „ ....... at the _______ time __that the paper on hich lie wrote was an order form. H is onor held th at th e contract was not roven, and, gave verdict for defendant ccordingly/ T b ia l H arbour.—The Harbour Master at Trial Harbour reports that he has received the material required to repair the buoys recently injured by bad weather, and that he would immediately proceed with the repairs necessary. In other respects the rejiort is favourable. 