TURF JOTTINGS. [Br A. S. MANncDa. Coursing is now synonymous with sour grapes, for we cannot get any. Therefore I go to wield the sword's conqueror on what we 'can obtaih-rdcing.' Surely we have a plethora; for every Saturday for three months to come is engaged by some metropelitan or suburban turf club. Cer tainly the season lhas couoesnced, and a more calamitous beginning was never seen except for the wielders of the magic pencil, who generally conm out square in the end, whichever way the issue may be. As .I presume my readers know, the absolutely legitimate racing season always commences with the usually pleasant meet ing on the banks of thelfawkesbury River, where the principal event is the Hawkes bury Grand Handicap of l1 miles. For this event the erst champion of Noew Zea land was credited with tlie top weight after the withdrawalofhiscouontryman,Martini Henri; and notwithstanding that the handsomuest horse south of the line was called npon to carry the heavy impost of Ost., the dollars were put down very freely on this great scion of the Lible family. But there was a small cacoeratch~ buzzing about in the air, and the pen was put through his name to the intense di-gust of every one, for the horse was backed to win no less a sum than .30.000; and notwith standing that he was knocked about like a shuttlecock in the market, there were still nibblers after the golden hait. Now, how did all this come about ? As it has not yet appeared in print, I will be the first to enligllten the gentle, confiding public. Know, then, that we have amongst our ringmasters two certain books, who hate one like a certain gentleman-well, you know the rest; and each of these said hookies is an owner of racehorses. Now, No. 1 laid no less a sum than £10,000 to thobe hooky No. 2 that No. 2's horse would not win the Hawkesbury Grand. Of course this at once sent the horse up in the market, and the noble No. 1, who, by the by, is one of the most progressive men in the ring, could not get round. So what does he do but backs Sir Modred to win binm alto gether about £15,000 at 16 to 1. But then Sir Modred's owner became sore that hlie could not get anything like such a price against his own property, so a stroke of the pen, and it was done-No. 1 had lost a cool thou. for certain, without standing any thing against the £10.000 which'the lines in his book showed he still stood to lose. How ever, he was in luck's way, for his dreaded wager fell to the ground, the winner turn ing up in the despised outsider Hastings. And then came a further series of pen dashes, Malua and Off Color for the Metrop. and the greatest of all surprises, the vic tory of Sir Modred in the race, he not being thought to have the ghost of a show after his defeat in the Spring Stakes by Malua and Off Color.' And then again he won in a canter from these two in the Craven Plate of 1* mile. However, I am at the end of my tether, but in my next I shall have something more to say on this matter, as well as on other sports. 