PBAHtR &N; 1MECHIANICS'. INSTITUTh. ;" The thirtieth annual meeting of: this institution was hel4 last week. We regret that, owing to an oversight, we have been unable to furnish a report of our own of what tobk place at that meeting- all the hore so, because we feel it necessary to draw attention to an opinion we heard ex pressed the other day,; to the.effecei that the Institute, if ever it was a power in the community, has long ceased, to ,be euch and that, exeeptiog by the very fe who cling to its fallen fortunes with barnacle. like tenacity,'its dedeassue Would be univept. We by no mearie endorse ibiis view., We should be sorry to see the Institute give up the ghost, inasmuch as, although it is, and has been for a long time, in a state .:of torpor, still it is, we think, possessed of an inherent spark, of vitality, which, if judi ciously fanned ianto a blaze, would make it exceed in usefulness even the most palmy days of its existence. Therefore it .is with the object of doing something to stir that apark up we now thus prominently notice it. To assist us therein we here reproduce the only public account we have .seen of thi' proceedings at the meeting above mentioned, as gt in the leadi journal : ... "The reportexpreseed regret at the cnt lack of interei on thespart of the eitizenoa]i in the effaireofo.tho instituto,.and tile bahieasa.g showed r~eionuo to colldeit ib ut equal tooinet liabilities Bank balance-Oredit, £5U7 tg'di clear assets (toking land, &e.;, at £38.000), £3,2~ a7 7d. Tile retiring commiateo were roelm'h hamely, Messrs. L. N. Shepherd, presidnt; Roberta,' tredu'rir.iT Ja Chaamney,. ,. *?l Pery, sned E. W.' Youbog. hes rilley were elected auditors, and Mr L. IN:Shels as unanimously chosen to fill, a vacacy i?n t trusteeshipe now thereupon coisieting olf te,, G. W. Rueden, W. 1. Gamble, andL 5. Shophes i Sort enogli es that reportthough.. Lthing but sweet. Shorter still i~s' poritionof it we shall take, for :cmw9 We can heartily congratulate the Iatiitl that pecuniarily iat is,not in a bad conii With property worth oyer 3,000, a credit balance in the bdbnk of £57 odd, ad venue to' cblleedd abbit qual todouttrdi liabilities; there is nothieg; soifar tqltp ovel, Bltwhen we trsnto the o* jexase regrel at t one pntue lae of nteres th e 't~df the eiii~f geel;~e~s d~b:~i~i;all i affairs 'dfth'e Institute," then 5orro~b ' h wonder,.well iip.! Whyie thius ",thuap., Iat is the cause of this " cntinued lack of i, teiest ?i"' And why,espeeia.ly; 'is' it 'don tiiiied ?;" .!-We ~pine the only , Wansweit these queries is to be found in the fa that the management-of the institution is nottequal :toethe:requirements of jtheti5 a What might haye:beeneiample to scur popularity!thirty years ago is" totallyi adequate in these more gpoahead days.i: even the old standard of attractiveness ih not been kept up. The Institute:has d generated into a kind -.of" Slespy Hollao' freqiuented bya handfil of Rip Vani W}ikl, There.is no life nor anGimation in it "go." Ithassbecome a machine lackil suifficient .motive-power, a nut without 'keriiel, a body; ithout a soul;. '"Thlese hard wdrds, my masteir," its friends will doubt say. 'Possibily; hbtithey are mina kindly. Can their truthfulness be dit proved? P: If so let it be dode. :We'o open to conviction, and would onlyK bs glad to ,be necessitated to retrett, i'thh handsomest possible, apology fqr' lei penped :them, ,Buit uritil t is cearlyshion thatr they do not fairly express the preaent condition of the Institute we must hold to them. And niotb only'so,:bUttto the coo. victioith'hat we' are doing a publio;ee vries in making .:so bold anr. utteranc. We speak not thus in.. anger, but in sorroa, Nothing 'vould afford ui 'greater pleaseure than to be the mencon ,f arousing tsh present managemeit o \t igorous exertioni to remedy the'ekisting deplorable conditio of the Institute-to make it.:hyatrit ought to 'be, hnd 'what iV believe itaiuld be made---_a popular place of resort for -iiistrhictioti. and amusdhenta: iJt doesi.~dt;consort with oar preseo?,purpose to show in what,, way we .conceie thh might be effected. Our Uih sdw is simply to put on record thei b?elief that the Institui is a loIng. way frin me8ting the de`iahdsd the age, snd the. necessity that eiits"'io such changes being effected as wiX\ldaidi worthy of puiblic suppoit: ,If in doitkp we have used stronger leDniuage thum may deem necessars, owe can only ip\, that "desperate diseases require desperile remedies'l. ,There are occasiois wbnho be mealy-mouthed is to fall shodrtcduty. The surgeon who is compelled to usthi knife is cruel if he does so with atremblion hind. Thus we have spoken lebhAkitvs think, and what many others think t0I with the hdpe 'ofgalvanising the Committ into action. If whlat we have writtenha the effect it is meant to hae --ifii cot a shaking of the dry bones, and a consti d ation of the po'ssibility of putting sin active, vigorous life into them?wbe 8 rejoiee. TPhe Institut6 inight, we fe'el o vinced, be;made;a popwer for good, ietd of being, as at present, like a chp porridge And if, through these reecit efforts are initiated to populareie the ti tute, and. make.it dworthy of that jie' the continued lack of which is deplored the report, e shaibll be :plieased in afartls article if we may do so without gin? offence, to bffer some usuggestions is , thi_ line.of action vwhich, in our viewr, would be likely to tend to: so desirable arioult, We want the Prabran lechanied litititt to ~,e a healthy livii? reality ,it thi poor, pitiful'thing it now is. 