NOTES DY THE WAY. (BY OnrmEVEn.) Talk of the beniightd state of natives of the South Sea Islands. The word should go forth to thie world that the one place for a brave man ready to lay down his lifo on the altar of duty, is Mansfield. The missionary, the Salvation Army officer, there is room enough for each. But it did'not occur to many of us, until re cently, that Manslleld was a centre of such ap. alling "moral desolation." Bishop Moorhouse hinself was at Mansfield on a Sunday two or three months ago. If, then, it was so very bad, doubtless lie would in selecting the Rev. Mr. Hutchinson, imagine he was giving him the placoof honor. By what reasoning a minister of the Christian religion arrived at another conclusion, 1 know not. Of course there may be considerations unknown to one not in the '"inner temple." A sMelbounle writer to the "Standard" gave recently a rather smart satirical account of the Salvation Army demonstration in the Exhibi. tion building, But we all know it is easier to ridicule than to pick out thire good from the bad. I have been Ipresent at meetings in the Mel. bourne Temperance Hall, and the Alfred Hall, Ballarat, and, truth to tell, one could find a good deal to laugh at. Bad English " I's" un. mercifully misplaced, the quaint dresses of " Hallelujah lasses,' the extraordinary contor. tions and antics indulged in' by some of the ' lads," all those and more one can easily point to. But then, they are energetic, earnest, and ready of resource. They have reached some of thle degraded beings, and influenced them to better lives, Tirey have a wonderfnl faith in their mission, and do not mind any amount of abuse and ridicule. Of course thereo aro members who only care for the excitement con nected with the meeotigs, and who have not the ghost of an idea of Clrristianity more than that they learn to be glib of tongue with a few phrases, such as "Thank tholsord; I am saved, and on my way to heaven." But the real back bone of the army, its truly earnest men and women, would not be appalled by any amount o ("moral desolation," &c.; I came upon a characteristic speech of Dr. Talmage's the other day, a few sentences from which may bear reproducing :-I pass on to speak of social lies. How much of society is insincero. You hardly know what to believe. They send their regards; you do not exactly know whether it is an oxpression of the heart or an, external civility. They ask you to come to their house; you hardly know whether they really want you to come. On small income we want the world to believe we ire afiluent, and society today is struck through with cheat, and counterfeit, and sham. How few people are natural. You must not laugh outright, that is vulgar, you must smile. Society is a round of sows annd grimnaces, and nsinporings and rnrmby-p byislin, a whole world of which is not worth one good honest round of laughter. From such a hollow sceneo the tortured guest retires at the close of the evening, assuring tire host that ire has enjoyed himself." 