'IHovelfst DAN LYONS' DOOM. By WAIF .WANDER. .OHAFTBB VA(OoaTxauiiD.) "My God l' ..murmured that wrotcbed being, as ho, got tip and went away post tiiS growhnjj dog, suroly.my punishment is too grcatIV- . Tho. ohOdrCn. both roso and stood lookfnn otter tno nricat'fl retreating form. Noithcr of- Jbcm had heard- hlo despairing ejaculation, bat they oould.,. sea from tho unfortunate being's gestures that ho was in great pain of oomekind. "Ho mosfc ba yery 111/' iho gontio littlo girl said. - : . . nJ? t?flfc ft olergyman?" asked Daniel, Willi- a heavy frown over hiaflno, and yet angry eye. " . V.I think- bo. Ho fa called Father Jomcj, Joa Daniel, and don't you ko hio I "J know nothing aboat his dress ; I novor I priest boforo, but I know ono thing, I ana that.ia that whoever that man is ho Ifl a caa one," -ow can yu was a mtiq.jrudorX think, but ho looks- ill, and J eiokncsa tnakc3 pcoplo short-tempered, mama £ - Thoy . resumed their work on tbo grave, jj ohd woro silent for somo momonto, and it was Daniel who broko tbo eilcnoo by tho abrapt question. " Rceigontion, did you over sea a piotaro of Dan Lyons - ' > . : . . %nc, I ' ; hy do you - ask tbat ? " the cnuaaikcd, os Bho again hfted ncr oyes and rested , them on the boy's loco- 11 BcoouecT should liko to know, exactly what he was liko;' yon., know, something about it; don't you f I to, often ksked; mothor to dcscrlbo him'to mo, hufc'sho .only turns her'faoe. aWay from !» moiwhcn.I do; . What .was hb liko Baaigno f tion? iWbat kind of face had ho 7 " ".Mamprhos told nto,'- '-was- iho roplyin a lowvoico, as; the - httlo - girl -glanced around witno>ahaddor;,M- andT- oftondream'-thatr-X am,lpoking>inhis..bad-iace. - Howas O'tall," Btput.imap, -With. a fat, - red- faoo/vaad- great1 handS',,andyfeet. ; Ho » used to - drink awfully too, and. was always bad; even before hekillod.'inypoor,- darling papa.'V---:- V Of -oourGo.ho wuo," Daniel obeofVed de Bldsdlv.'! a&d; . D/in Tivnnr« Q>n« kin 0h?J» " "jTea," J . VX.wonaer wbat bcoamo of him j tho polfoo never got on his track " . 'AOh no/I-hopo hd is dead;" " ' i/VJ- 'hopeho sa not /t. I hopo I shall see him dio by inches I " Resignation shook her head. . Da&lel;'a faco waa jfloehed-'wiiU' passion, his- bands were Jji hhd hrs -grand; dark oyeo seomed to; i?,8p fitrange that yon should fed it bo," j1? girXdeolarea, MMama ofton remarks that If it bad-been your own fathor who waa killed, you could not havo hated lno murderer moro" That w truo, I could " ' . Again .tuoro . was & short siloncer' again brokon by the lad. Z "Resignation toll - rao . about. areonBitive plant; whafcioit?" ' A. eonsitivo- plant! ".Ob/ it is 'ft' plant whoso, leaves, shrink and oloaa at the obghtest tonobq Why, Darnel ?" : -00ald 't;'oD.O Ghd, plsnt.it' hero, .repuedJho.Bby/IayiDg-hiS'hand: last over fWbero ;tta-;hearfc : of :the . dead:;m&n-; had, . once.Mto'd, ":abd tbeQ ii' Dan/LyonB idarcd' to put;;hiijXpot':hcar- this.' tho: leaves- would' -, tell afraid thoycouldnofc dthat.Daniol.Vi . vrffi:tbU;uaiiomD qfoyi;'- , CjqjS';WiU;t;;y6mii6m'6i-ij; liat'ifc.willtjo BqrcartliQ'momer.t' wfioiirybu: iaU;tiod,;your;fatJior'#fudu ioritbd :flrBti"-timS that-.tho'-iiorror o!:thQ jtnowloi3ge.'Btia'U;tja . ovonvhQlmott;for ovcr-iii t'io brightfleM'pf :au' oiporlasiing licaven.V ,-Aiid that-TOrotohca bcingi who hacI 'rnaiioi away frqm.thOBrnvo.withliio hantlaoIonoUeil andean awful liorrdr , in. his oyes, opeudd tho. BaW. And, went; putsWo 'tHo-ifehce of the efi:, olounro._ r'\Vhere 'wB8.ha going?: Ho did uoc knowhiroEcIf at tfiombmonf ; any whcro. qny- lvhcromvay f rom tho prciienoo of those chil- uiGD, nnfl tha vichsity oi th:it grave, Ho ent ddwh wlidn he; had - gonoVn': littlo way-: down tho hiUsido, and bent hiii whito faoa into his' -biud/ butbhat'.didnot hldb from his hidden oyosjhqao Btariug blaok lettora-oa :tho."whito otpn'flYouBcancaris :.Miqo)';.-X wiU:ropay,' oaith.tio,Lovd." . Tbero.wta tho rustlo of fcavoa and grneii iu-ound him, and tho twitter of birdo over hio head, "bnt ho heard only tlio : V/ordii lteaiBiiatioh. St. Herriok had repeated ao_ hef mother's : " Ao miroly as (Jbd'o eun . shines .in tho nl:y, Qod'n venjjcancB will over- 1 take 'Wnriliyoiiii, tho murderer." , I'atlier Jnmea cat thoro ior comb timo, and. ' tuQll'lin l',ll?rl«nlT? IJffrtrl liio Iii'.url on/I Innlrnrl P , .at tbo imro, paio-bluo, 'sun-flooded bky above him. Wafl he thinhing of. the Great Firat;,:CftUBor',whoob dwelling ..our; Lumap veu'eratioh 'lobatod high :;abovo . tho; olbudo,, whether thoy float . -.hbbvd:-.tho' far Boat or , tjio far; Vfct ; . tlio icy . North or tno Iropon South? .Was ho doubting the . possibility oi _a 'prayer reaching! the font ol. thoUrestWhitoThrono thrangh thatpollnoid , . ethor that woo aa braes to:, tlio prayer,! of tha. Unrepentant mnnor? Who may toU? But -,bo got up an auddouly na lio had soated hira- aolf, nuu drained a littlo .flask holnut in his poobet ci 0 ho went on hia way with a deter- mined .iitep. Ho limttored to himeolf ao ho went, strongo .words that but hinted wildly at . tho eccret ho carried. - " I will bo r»' coward no longer; it is the ' only ohanco or hope;" worn oomo of thowordo that ; dropped from hie pato, drawn lips, . '! I have come all- theeo miles to, do it, and now. \- that I am hero I dread to opcah. Nonceneo, phoiiibut ft woman niter all, and if uliedonic:) me I cannot bo worco than I am." It woo toward a pretty ootlnno nl tho very. OUtukirte of tho township that his ateps woro ? i ? m "J2 midat of onelrchng m« ' I3 th0 orQ1!k- When ens oros.ed tho bndga that oroesad Itoban o' 'he gate of tho oottago, garden inSnt'fft, " " f th P,,me.0m80J??9 'ha ona Mr Pollard had .2i i,I w S S v'!l,0,?r 0oIoneI St. Horrlok, and ho had .done all tbat waaposalUo to Mto ii -i?1fg 5 f omeof tho poor lady whom fit Pitied; bnt be.had tolled. 'How ia it that tnero ib a- aompthing Blwaye visible in oven tho ontedo of. a houeo io bint at tho feolinga mi:8 b/.thOM who inhabit it? .. Tho sardon of tbo cottage was noatly kept, for Besignation and bor rough fnend Daniel Grijfllba spent mnoh. of - thair timo in it, bnt tbo . voiy, fiowora were ohoaen for their anb- dued tints. There woro no fiunniing oolora thcra among tbo grcon freohnooa. Porhapa tha pnpoipal reason tbat glaring and gaudy oolora wcro ayoidod waa tho laot that every, thing at tho; oottago wao onftfvatod With tho' ono idea that at somo timo or othor, in blossom or plant, moot go to doeorato that saorod gravd -ot tho hosbafid- and father.- Ia no garden round Marranga wero aoon snch lovoly whito nod yellow and palo blosh roses. - May and jasmins and honoysuoilerand great palo passion-flowers niado beautilnl tho . trellis- work of the snmmor.honao and drooped from tho verandah. In - thoir season . tail, whito Lastor. liiios stood, centinol over tho beds no did that whito stono in the cemetery over tho breast ot the murdered man/and tho Guelder' rosoo, big balls of oinetailng blossom, floated in a oca of grcon loavas noar tbo palo blossom ing lilao. Into this garden of palo, pnro flowers fiifitmpil .ifinfc- .titan mil. tha ; hollow eyes (hat wo know as Father James. - If hin heart beat hard and psinfaliy thoro was no ontward ovidonco ot it as ho knocked at tho door under tho shadowad verandah. Thoro was no sound to toll of Ufa in that otlU house. Tho windows in Iront wero hnng with dark colors, and there was no floating- brooo. blown loco to give lightness and grace to tho rooms within. When Mrs. St. Hcrrick's great trouble fell npon her Ufa sho accepted it as fall -and oompleto as though nosnnover shono on God's otbor gilts, at leaet, for hor. When oho opened tho door to that knoob, Father Jamca's oyos rested on a woman as vvhito-facad as himself,: and with robes aa hopelessly blaak..- tHho was young, at least comparatively so; thirly-two or threo years old perhaps, and oho might havo been beautilnl onco, bnt in her features there wan no traca ot gentlo Designa tion's cweot features or expression. Mrs. St. Hornok's bfilr was dark and her oyos groy, but every, leatnro was bard and cold and bittor, for sbo had nover forgiven Fato for iho cruel blow that had striokon her life's idol from her Bide. If . I dared to cay it I would hint tbolsbohad novor forgiven tho God who had aflllotedhor, and yot, atrungo anomaly, sho had homo sweet, patient Resignation Bt. Hcrriok. -. , Whon sho stood beforo tho man It was with a hard .qncstioning faco tbat did not ohango nntilaho grasped ms orrand. - > '".I am Father James Brady, tho cow tenant of St.-Herrick's, and havo somo business with Mrs. St. Homek.". ' - "I cm oho,1 ".was tho reply;, bnt sho mado no movement to admit him. "Ihavo coma on an orrondof snoh moment that I am euro. I need-not; apologise tor ro- qiloatjng -.'on interview. Iv havo oomo to yon at ;tho request of , that unhappy man, Dan Lyons." "What?" 1 l : ."It ;ia truo, roadom;: 1. have oomo from him." , v f'.Oh. heaven l has. tho .timo oomo at last I Shall I soo my darling 'avenged at last;, at last I" .Bha had seized bis arm with no gentlo hand,- and was dragging :tho, priest into tho : sitting-room whilo eho was- speaking. " Ho lias been oanght ?: -Ho has given him- Hfllf tin ' TTn ItflU 7 TT» ,ia. nnn. domnod ? . . : He will dio ? - Oomo in - and tell mo all— all I" , Ho foU rather than sat . down, npon a ohair near tho door, and lilted his hat ior a moment, only, howovor as if to rohovo himealf of an in- tolerahlo burden for ono momont; for ho to- ilaced it instantly. - Mrs.: St. Horriok had, howovor, seen tlui tonenra, -and it was to hor n oonfirmatlon'ofher desrost hopes. ." Yes, yon nro a' priest;" sho added oxcitodly,'- '.'yon havo seen tho monster, and ho bos con fessed to you, and yon bring .mo tho glonons tidings." ''.-iTItis a mintako,":tho visitor roplled in n: low tone, as his oyos . remained nvoted on tho carpet at his-: feet. 'fit. is trno.: that Dan -Lyons has confessed to me, but he is far away m another lnnd, and is not a priSenorJ1' "Not a pnsonor.l You know of his orimo, yot tho-. mnrdoror is .froo. - -YoU thon aro an' acsomphss— a villain of as doop a dyo as Dan thaaoaarscdhimsolf 1" . ' I nm a priest,", the : man ' replied, in o voice tqat -trombled m: epito.ol fiim, ".and l xoooiyed: tho confession of tho - mani nndor the saorod Benl 'ot.-tho bontosaional.! I am -'hero with -.tho words that unhappy, men has : ;iut in'my rnonth to epeak to ybu.. Will ybn: listen to them ? " ' " " YoS, I will listen.", . . ' , " ' Hfc. TT«Vw?rvlro onf ilfiwri rtniinBi'fn TTAfTirtV Jsmos vntb hbr 'eyee fun:pf'tho"Btrong doter- miaatlon thr>t:wae ft prominent- pbint in hoi. . obaruoter, :Bmi fc6r heart..'waB: bbating witb o - WUd liopo. ' Oh yebi pllo weald, listen,: and with BUohineuto ears, that not ono bloe tbnt' might trap tho epillor of blood' should; cseapo 'ihom-i/: .i'-'ii' ': ' V .. ,fl.I muat toll you hia btorj'tolMt 'to you from ..tho .moment whon ho fled from Mar- ranga." : " Fromthemombntthotho kliatv. my, poor husband find written.'denounoing. him: with .fingcra tbot wcro,etilIeniog. ioi dorlmoao and deatlrl/MGftoiiitV! ;?' V.,' "Well, ho fled.',: Ho had moans) lor in tbo very.;ihetant ; tho -, falling north in . tho claim BWnt- ln:Bt:;Hdrriek'a:laC6,'.-ho-.oaw gold! in shining ieees-in tho soil nroundvhim,- and. secured enough to . tnko'-him'.lar.nway from: tho seenpol his drimo, nor wao .it"oxhansted: when ,ho camo a' rspohtanl mac, to tho mohastorylof whoso order I waa o brothor: v . '! ' Whoro -waa It ?. '"tho widow nskod, as hor breath camo thiblc. ' "It doea not 'matter. It wee on tho Con- -j tinont, nnd:Dan Lyone gave tha brothers hie gold, end'beeama one o! tho Lrotlierhoo.i. i'or years lio lived an incrirciieted and bali- .ilerivinrr life in that monastery, only -to mow thinner and -whiter, and moro. bony c.nd haggard- with eaoli day, for ho lied not eon- fessod-hia crime, and his Din lay, liko load on hlll BOUl. '. - "At last ho pUitkody np ootltage, and ho oonfoseod— " - . _ ; " 'To you ?' interrupted Mrs. bt. Her- . "Yes, it was to md, and oh, tho talo ha told -waa ftwhil enough to coiten tho hardest heart —even you, against wnoin uifl . sin was greatest, : would .havo pitiod tho wreiched -being, had you heard tho story of hm suuer- eafierings. "I I: I pity Dan Lyons I" ; : . ' Sho uotuaUy'lauBiied as oho ctared m tho priest's face, n laugh that wes eft wild ee waa n laugh within tha cell of a'niauloo. . Yee you would;'.', ho -cried : angrily! and then t'He noted Ior the liret lime tha cmonlaer- ing tiro iu hia dcop-act oyee, "you aro. not. a 'rook or- o- stono; you nro n woman, and you munt 'cell". "Yes, I feel," Mrs. -fit.' Horriok exclaimed, "leal that if T could uavo Dan Lyons from eternal torture by lilting up my linger I ehould cut it off, lent -I should liti -it in rhy olcop. Who nro yon who aoks a woman' to pity her husband'a mnrderor? " "Listen yot," tho priest wont ou, bnt both his pallor, and the lira in his oyes wero tnton- siflod(Bs hs saw- tho -unforgiving psosion In tho widow's fooo, .".you knowtho-man's sin bat yon do not know its punishment. Tboro is not a living being bni-tho man who spooks to yon now- that - knows what - woro tho last words yonr husband spoke, Bhnil I toll them to you?" -,. .- \- Yos, toll them." ' : — . , " Thoy woro thoso : ' If you leavo mo horo to-day, as you soo my focq now, yon will sco it at this hoax overy night nntn yon did yonr- rolf, and yonr own death will be worso than mine — ayo a hundred timoB.' !' - - r My husband eaid that ?" ' \- - "Yos, and the oureo has boon falflllud. It mis After sandown when Dan LyoUS loft him there to dio olono In tho collapsed olahn, and ho did not dio nntil after midnight."- - , "How do yon know? Oh, my God, how -do you - know- that my dflrimg : sufforcd so long?" - - - ;; "Bcoauso from snnsot to midnight for nearly twelve awful years Colonel Bt. Hon rick'a faco-is: faofora Dan LyonB':oycs. -No matter whoro ho goes, or how ho hides, It is tlioro, always thoro. - Soao havo been between him and tho dead man'o grave, but that fooo is cloar and fresh as tbongh tho real faco bad not mouldered to.dust years ago. Oil, think of that wretohod man's misery and pltv him now.". ; . , - \- , Father .James might havo been pleading for , bimsolf so earnest, so craving, so pleading was- Ins trembling tones. With his thin white flu- bu.., . ua iu piujrer, iiu nous zorwnra,- and, with great tears in bis awful oyes, begged for pity on tho far distant man who had blood on his hands I " Was it my pity lis sontyoa all thoso thou sands of miles to ask? " tho widow said with , a sneer. "No, it was for your forgiveness, andjin tho noma of that Christ wo both worship glvo it to him I" " Nover ; if my own aalyation was tho for- fait I should not. forgive Dan Lyons 1 Go msn,yqaaro mooking mat How daro you oskawidowto forgivo tho murderer of her husband." - , Ona moment yot, oh listen yet. Aholy man has toid that wretohod man tbat tho momont ho rocoivos yonr forgivaness bo will ccaso to bo a haunted -man— ob, for tho mcroy and chanty and pity, ol Almighty God, forgivo him 1" "You aro modi" Bho cried, 83 aho roso and pointed to tbo door; "you nro a mad man and I em a lono woman— go 1 I heard that you woro lit and I am sorry for you, but I did not snow von wero n Innnttn nr T r-n-il.l not havo admittod yon.: I shall tell no ono of this absurd visit, so you eoo I am merciful, though I would not lorgivo a monster." Ho roso and faced her. "I.am not mad," ho said, "and I havo only dohvorod Dan Lyons' -mesaago. Onco moro is your anowor no— yon will not forgivo as yon hopo for forgiveness? . "Nover I Havo I not: said it? I;am a woman, but I oould oca Dan Lyons tortured to death and rojoioo in the oyes that enabled motosooitl" --. Father- James looked steadily into tho ox- oitod woman's flashing oyes, a look that sho nover forgot and that punished hor for her hard heart until tho light ol lilo lolt her own oyes. "I havo hoard- yonri answer, - and :now baton to Dan Lyon's words. : If sho roiasos, tell hor that what she has Buffered in thopoBt shall bo as nothmg-to: what sha.'Bhall sailer -in tho lutoro— that I swoar .boforo high heaven I ' " . If Dan had. been swearing bimsolf ho could - not havo looked moro tornblo than that blaokv robed man! As ho liitod his .thm hand 'np: with the ' oath, Mrs, St. Horriok fall -baak pn hor seat soathed-'by iiho tombla look m liifi oyes, and: Father' Jsmos. went out alone, tho skirts of. his blaok cost, and wiping-hls foot . on i tho : threshold aa - ono who loaves o curco bshind him. CHAPTER VI THE miCa?T ClftlM. Lux ns snpposo a gap: of two or threo weeks between the opening of :tms ohnptor and the oloso ol tha last, and note. a fow of-tho- events' that had oaaorred daring those weeks. In tho first place shaft No.'S in- tho gully chad been cleared out, rigged witha windlass and other digging; gear, and . a company of fonr, formed as- proprietors,. though bnt two: of them wero working partner.!, 0£ the four of course TaSy-and his master woro two, and tha othor two wore Obarho Ellis, the favcrito young trooper stationed at Mnrrangs, .and a -young man named Goorgo .Olnrk,. the son of a farmer in tbo vlomity of the1 township. - In. .olaim No. 1 a great deal of work had also been "dbnb, bat tllero was' a great deal moro. to do. - For one thing thbjNo. l'-wbrHhgb .had- h'ebn origihally Ior morp'dbvolppbd1. than'; any. other opened in tho gully, and had, at tho ;tiino.of tho mtirdor, nnd in consequence ol tho, murdorar's-displaeombnt. of thovprbps-tb-'of:: isbt his .purp9SO,",fpllon7inr almbst'efrpmntho suriace, so tuu. >u L-n-iuie uuu .wiuiug,i,o u-j rcenmed oii tho briginal plan, a great doal .of olosring-out work had. to-be done. . , . e ; Whilo his brother.Cphni.and'bthoiebugagbd ,'inan word ocoOpiddln this work, Fathor James- had boon almost entirely confined to his room, and no ono oould doubt his filhesa' who looked: into his (ace. . There woa a dreadful warfare, going on in that, jnisorablo man'a broaatT-r. wariard.that Nora .'novdr-bneo was awaro oi or noticed, that Conn, saw but did not qnito understand, bnt- that ;Mrs.'.'Brqdy,--:;watohed; . with a koen oyoiand a purpbso'deathly and vindiotivo. i.. . -'.'!' Ho IwanderodV-oiound 'tho gardens in. tho. !dnsk of evonings, avoiding bis kind as though, tlio sight oi a human faco wad hateful to him; and moro --.cspooially.-; did - tho ! sight - .of : his mpthor hot upon -him in tho Btrangcst man ner.:, Ho wonld ;ohudder if his dyo mot her's,' and turn' away hurriedly sometimes, .while at others lio wonld moot hor look with: onooo awful— do fall of whito, threatening anger — that nho would hr.sten av/ay with tho fear of eho dared scarcely think what in hor hard ened heart. In the dead lioura'of night,' too, there were conioticiie!. hoard shrieks as for ineroy, mid shouts a:i of .trinmph, and groans «ij o!_r, lieslhly agony, ond v.'hon those of, St. thoir heads up in the bc'd-olotbos,. and. -wait, lor silcnco in tear and, trombliilg. . . But1 St. Horriok's .'.waa- far .from another houeo.snd no hiut'of-thess distiirbancoshad.: as yet Ienkod out for Nora,' who wad tho "only,' ignorant ,ouo,, ,bf tha family, was ft heavy: sleeper, and easily: terrifiod by a hint at ghosts;, so thoy had little trouble withli'cr; only Tady, her' lover,- felt' tho . troubleaomd cueot'j of tub ghost: ramotir, Tor" Nors vtould not meet him alter duefc lor all li in bribes of ribbons and cheap jewelry, and ho .ws.1 work ing so hard in tho day timo that ho oould not snatch many moments 'to gladden his littlo oyes with a eight of. his dnrling'a face. . Onq brilliant morning, -when tho nun's rayB were sparkling intho'watera 'of Crcok'Rbban, liko a rain o£ diamonds, nnd when ovory leaf and 'flower seemed to havo retained all the frealiness of tho sweet dew, Leonard l'rosser-" mounted his librso and fodo tho chert distance between tho Marrdnga Hotel nnd the. Mar- rsnga: Police Station.- nis.. destination. was tho lattor, lor. during tho timo that has elapsed since I bloecd: my , last ohantor, Leonard liad formed ft oinccro liking7 fur young Trooper Ellis, who had by cbunco ha. Oomo a partner inHo.'2 olaim with Leonard Prosser. As tho young Irishman rodo op to Iho.sta. tion, Oharho Ellis led his hnrso oat from tho stabla by a side gala and brightly greeted his now friend, and if ono had called a parsdoot all the "monntod mon" in.Australia, thoy oonld not havo piokad ont a olcanor- hmbed, n- bottor Mado, or a handeotnor-faced member of tho corps than Trooper Obarlio EUis. -. . No ono ovor polled ftfm "Chawle3." You oonld not fsnoy such a . thing, looking in bis bright, opon, boyish faco.-' 'Ho was Charlie, with overy ono, and, as I liavo said, boloro, a WTonnio with every" ona elso. ' " My word, -what a killing swell you are this morning, Obarlio 1" said Leonard, aa ho drew hia horeo np, 18 whoever gets youx breeches op dcservca a to3timoniaU, Proaaer, I UatJor , myself tbey'ro a good fit," laid tho young ohap as ho so&nnod; his hendeotno limbs,' 11 bnt os for. being u BWell, you- mast remember thai it Is not overy one who can afford to dross oa - carelessly as yourself." "tatbai intended for a rap, Charlie?" oaked Leonard with & smilo ; » well, I beliovU I.am rather careless, but isn't this tweed good onough for this occasion, eh?"' : . - : "Tou know I don't mean that, Frofleer ; I meanihat your appearanco is always thdfc o! a gentioman, no mattor what yon wcarf-whQo I.muflfc bo natty to bo notioed at all " - . "Oh, snoh apparent modeotyl £ thought ? on, Wero abovo flahing for comphmonto, BlQa? am oertain that you know as well aa every body elso . that thoro is not a handsomer young chap withm miles." 4 snow I m not bad looking, but I onvy yoKlnchci, and your broad 1 shoulders, Fiu euohca httlo chap, Leonard/' - - " Do von call fivo feet eight littlo?" « yQ8' do— for a man. Do you koow that Miss Clark is five feet six and a half." .Leonard , laughed pleasantly, . and poor Uharlio o faco grow rosy as a girl's, ' " That was a clip at any rate; my door fel low, and so it 10 in oompariaon with Mica Clark's inches that you aro diBgugtcd-'wlth your own? Now, do you know that 1 should mueh prefer you medium lonnth of limb to my own - " Would you really?" " Yco and ladies, capcoially tall ones," ho added, with a oly glanoo at his companion no thoy rode away together, 41 always tao moo of medium elzo boat." "Hum—I hopo it may prove co fa this inetauce, for to toll you tho truth as a friend, Pressor, all my futuro happiness depends on Fanny Clark'a opinion of mo." "Hy dear follow, you havo my Tory boat wishes," and thohauas of tho two youngmen HMD WM(IUU, uuu JL bUlUft'lftAC B9 SUO 18 ft young lady of taeto tlioro oau bo no doubt as to tho result o! your hopes." "Bntlook at my position, Leonard. How oanl&ak;&ny.girl; brought up as Bho has been to bocomo a policeman's wifo? Tho very namo 10 enough. If tho olaim would fulfil Tody's cxpcotatioua now, there would bo somo obanoo.". " Lot us hopo Tady will ba a good prophet then, if only for your sako, Oharlio. You know I cora very little for my own, I havo enough for comfort, and havo no oraving for anything boyond what my inoomo will afford mo,". ..t;- . .. . "Lueky follow l" cxoloimed Rllis, "and you hive nover fallen In lovo, yot?" " In love? oh fifty times I I have been in .loyo always cver.smco X can remember until wlthifi tho last fovr years. I think 'I muBt havo usad np all my .allowanoo of whatis' oallod lovo m my school daya, and so have , none loft for my yoara of diEorotlon;" . What m oalled lovo?" Gharllo repeated. iDon't you behoyo.in the fcehng, then?" I oan't from porsonal expoxionco at least,"-, replied ;Lconard ; for tho- -fooling that did dutyfoklovo with xnowae so inconstant that it .! aedom lasted longer tnan until oiraum stancea brought me in- contact with a new xncQ.,.: iauB laiKiQg or tno tonuQc passion now, there's an rafltauao if you liko in my friend Tady Oonnor)V and the speaker threw baok -his handsomo hcd and laughed joyonoly, ' . ' .iB-.the dr— fool m. earnest?" asked Charlie, with diegaet. \ In .earnest I should think oo I Ho ia -thinkiDg of Nora and. nuggets from mormng until night, and from- night until -morning, - too, for ho mutiorB f mo darlin aBtboro- maohrco Nora,' in hia dreams, and fancies ho 10 otriDgiug. ; nqggotfl .ta hang . round her .bowobefal nook '—oh yes/ho is in earnest— quito I " Bidiouloufl l V cried ' tlio young . trooper almost angrily, " a man of his ago and appear anco 1" ! Re merciful, my 'dear., young -Adonis! " retitmed Leonard1 with, a smllo that showed his etrong - white . teeth- under., his glossy moUBtaoho;.-musfe ono be handsome to havo a heart? .1. asBuro'-yoa that poor Tody has . ono, and a. warm and truo ono m spito of -hia diBproportionato shape and funny limbs." : f ; - X don't- doubb. hu that,' but at his yoara : ouo. might expect : conso onotigh to hido auy -ridio'ulqus exhibitions of -hia lolly : : :: '/ I'm alraid Tady doea hofc think fluff!', .biontiy 6f/appooahco3,,.' responded-Xieonard; .-with'; gravityLaud.. ftv fllyLglanco ! at'Oharlio'fl- IcordB.' " :.-U !.wuo - nuiiuu . XlO t.aOQB," qiLICO .QUDugU,' -retortei-::; tbo . younBrj ." bobby l; :;witl ,:som6:: hest; "I'm' E'aro v.-lir.n ho don.3 that blue Bftit Vfith the brnsa eattons b:3 ftiro ot.'eon- 'ioious colf- appreoistion - ero eickoniag 1 - .'arid: besides koiv csn lie leal anvikin:; for ft cirl liko that ? " " - / '"la - Miss Nora Bra-iy not no lovely end Jovcsblo so poor Tsdy -imsgine-i ' her/theu? .You know! havo never seen her." ' - Nora Brady -is &' lump of ft girl vrithout, I do belie vo, ona o.unoe o!.- brains. -. I don't boliovo. I ovor asw in .my lifo a orcaturo so unutterably stupid and animal-UIro as she." " Shu is no favorite thon, Charlio?!' ; "Not ' bf mine, and I deteat- tho -wholo family I, " !;;::i v:-!; '>- Jo: i . Leonard looked wondoriogly at his. com- . paniori. Himeelt of a calm and oven temper and.an.unsxeitablo temperarncnt, to him tho strong feeling exhibited by.Okailio Ellin wasi a mattor ot surprise. . -. " I had businosn at-St. Horriok's ono day," ! iho! young Irnopor wont on, " and hud cn opportunity of seeing cpmothing , of thu--o Brcdy'o. Mrs. Brady ospopially ban one ol thd .vrorot faces I over saw, and if there v«# any underhand and hidden law- breaking going on in Marranga, Iphonld boinolinod to Horriok's."- , .. " Talking of St. Horriok's, that ivos, p. .had thing- ahoutVColonol St. Horriok's murderk Now if I woro a ponooman I think I should fool deeply intorested in that orinio, cipooislly -stationed hero on the spot.'!- (Tole/tontinucil,').- 