AN UNPLEASANT PREDICA MENT- Tim difficulty of obtaining from medical men a disclosure of the exact nature of tho infectious diseases which they are privately called upon to diagnose, seems to be just as prevalent iu England as it is found to be here, if we may judge from the following exoirpt from a lata issue of a Brighton newspaper, Tbe cuttiug is as follows " Dr H. Nclion Hardy remarks that tho cose before the magistrate at Lambeth Police Court shows the very unploasant predi cament in which doctors will be placed if they are compelled, asaouicMcdical Oificersof Health are strongly urging that they should be, to report all cases of Infectious diseases occurring in their psivnto practice to them or to the parish ofiiola!. The extreme difficulty of deciding a3 to tbeoxnet nature of some of these diseases iu an early stage is well-known to all members bf tho profession ; bat if they do not report a doubtful caso they may be prose cuted by tbe parish, while if they do report it 'hey may be persecuted by the patient. Some clausie in a Brighton Improvement Bill now before Turliamsnt would render it possible, he understands, for any junior medioo, dreeeud in little brief authority as Medical OHiner of Health ; for that borough, to compel Sir William Jeuner and Sir William Gull, for iBtarce, to dvckse to him all such cases iccm4iog nb Brighton to which they might have been summoned by telegraph, perhaps, on psin of being prosecuted aftat thnr return to tows." It is probable that this view of the matter hf4 ' struok some of tho eminont practitioners in this colony, and that their reticence under 'eiinilar circumstances may be due to a feat ot civil proceedings in the event of their making known the real condition of the patients under their chargo, A large pro portion of mankind fail to cee that their duty tothe public is sufficiently cogant to'urgu them 10 run the risk of becoming defendants ia actions at law, patticnhrly when there exist the slightest doubt as to tho correotuosj of tho opiuions they have formed, and it may bo ; eajooaUy inferred that the medical profession though, as a rule, they exhibit tbe IxjBseeaien of liberal ideas, are not Hogeths? free from this uuggoetiun n' ttU-pro£srva»ion against expensivo litigation Un- or these circumstances tho neoe»ity i shown fur the vigilant surveillance of nn autho risedmodical expert, acting in tho intercata of the Board of Health, whose duties should con ' 6>st, inltr alia , ot carefully inspecting all 09vei of unexplained illness, and reporting on th fame to the body by which he is employed Such a gentloman could be indemnified by statute ngain-t all actions forlibol or elande on tbepaitof patients who regarded the pub' licAtionr of their complaints as a matter of injury, and be wnold then be ia such a posi tion of security as to permit him t;> report without biu or reserve. Until an offio with theto immunities is created, the Govern, meet may look in vsia for reliable informition concerning doubtful cases of variola and other iofeotiouB maladies, for affected perrona who have the means will certainly keep tho faot of tlo r d atajeB as cloul> guarded as jwaaiblo, aud will rosout auy vioUticn of onjoraod se- orosyon tho part of thoir privatoly-rotainod phjaieians. It is usolees to preaoh about that public spirit whioh should animato individuals to uudorgo colitudo and discomfort for the benefit of the community at largo, aud daily ovuntaforciblytoechlhattho bulkofa population give no care whatever to tho demands of taut- saiy observnnco, whuu the aot implies any deprivation to themaolvos. If, howovor, th'ae laudable dntios to tho icqniromonta of tho welt being of a commonwealth woro eufurosd b> the presence ofaconslitutsd officer who could ajfimf io pursue his work without fear or favor, tho genua of coetagion or opidomio v/ould bo dos- iroyod ore they developed into the bud, aud a oompuls. ry wlioleaomenees would soon again pervAdoali cDasos of sooioty, aud avort the uow ever present danger of. uuy alarming spread of that pestilence which is at this limy a pontes of mutely iu our midtd. A THIRD EDITION of Tiik Ukkald will bo publhhod this afternoou, and will cnutaiu a quantity of aportiog and other information, in olnding the latoat about the uofortnon'.o girl Rossnua Piammor. From our AdcUida telegram it will be %eau that the aisiatant-oolonial aurgoon at Adolaide a of opinion that tho disease whioh has broken out iu Border Town is aggravated chicken per. The dieoaao, however, is ahown to bo con tagious, Tho following information has been reoaivod from Adelaide:— Uoliuo advisss Mauila land line restored 10 p.m., 3rd inst. On Saturday we meutionod that the pott tints on bohalf of tho unhappy girl Rosauna l'lummer bod uot been signed ao numerously as . it might hnvo bean, owing to want of knowledge on the part of the public as to whore it was to be aignod. As tho coao u fo bo con sidered at a mooting of tho Executive Couucil this afternoon, two or throe geutlemonon Satnirilay and yesterday intamted themsolrae, and drawing up a copy of tho petition succeeded without any trouble in obtaining some 300 signatures. Amongst thoao who signed wore representatives of all olarsrs of tbe ooiumuuity, and all professions and trades, It wqh aba uotice&blo; that not aBioglo refusal was mot with. This potitiou has boau haud'ed to up, and wo have taken tha neces sary steps to have it laid beforo the Exocutivo 0 uccil. Tho supposoil Lancefield murderer, O'Brleu, was bi fore the City Court to-day, Inspector Drown pimply brought him up for remand to the Coroner's Court, Ramsey, an the 11th iush, which was granted by tho Bsnch. Tho pri soner did not say a wcrd. It wil! be remem bered that tbocoroner'H inquest ha beoncoiiu moncod, bite staods ndj-nirned for fourtoou days, in order that the oase may bo worked up. A prisoner cannot bo kpt on hand for mora than a week without coining bufora a court, and this formality waa all that took place to-day. O'Brien is a respectable looking man, about IU youra of age, und would pass anywhere for a decent humor. In this caso the black trnckere hA>e astonished their associates, tha regular police, more than ever. Detoctivo 1'ottcr, Sergeant Mayos, and othor officers, are stationed in the locality, gathering evi- dcuce. Y/o may mention again, although thero was no evidence tokon to- day, that O'Brieu i) oharged with shooting T.'otor Af'Ainsh, . the auppuscd motive being M'Aiceh'i purchase of hind lately owned by O'lhien. The Arrangements for tho Mayor's ball, to take place to-morrow night, are on a xcale of (Vr moro than ordioary migui- licence, A committee, with Cr, .Limes Gnrton, as chairman, lm been appointed to superintend the dcooratiocs, nud tho profes sim'fll sorvicos of Mr Morgan hove also beau secured, Tlie olectrio licht will be Iarcolv ueo.i will vnrlegfitcd lamp?, and thocrgau loft will bs turned for the tlmobsiugintoaconservatory with ferns aud foliage plants, amidst which will bi placed eoats for the ladies. In front of th > organ loft there will be a raised dais, on which thera is to be a ppUradid drawing-room suits for his Excellency the Gevernor aud Lady Loch. The south gallery will bo set apart for Alleu'd Baud, with Horr Warneckie ao leader, m:d '2! aitists. Large mirrors and silk b vnnoifeta will be placed round tho hall, and tbe walls will be drnprd with the flags of al nations, artistically gronped, aud relieved with festoons of ferns, The cnurt yard will bo fitted up as a supper room, and the Coffee P.ilaceod joining' will.nlfn bo thrown ojien for re- fresbwonts.Thu MayorVRomn will besotapart or tho Governor, aad the Couucil Chamber Will be made to do duty as a withdrawing room for tbeladies, Tho large committee room on the first floor, and two smaller rooms ou the second floor, will be available for smoking and cardr. As something like 1200 guests are ox- \- pocted to pitrtako of the Mayor's hospitality, the affair will in all probability be the most biilliant of tbe kind ever witnessed in Mel bourne. Tha fallowing are tbe readings by GsuntV instruments Barometer, 30 250. lloat In sun to-day, 12 noon, 97. The highest readitigol Gauut's thermometer in theshado, Bourke strost, yesterday, waa S7, aud thn lowcpt from il a.m. ypsterdny to fl s.in, to-doy 12 Tho highest reading in the tuu yesterday wflH 103; Griat oiraplaintaavo made by jthe employes iu the Traffic departraeot of the Government Railways at tho HobBon'd Bay Staii m at not' faav ng recsivod their last mouth's pay. The Locomotive department, andll those employed at Kpenoer street, always receive thoir pay on the lost day of the month. This morniog several guards and othors wore to bseeen wait ing about, and were much disappointed when fchty found nawoge fonhoominp. A number (f suburban tradesmen are ateo suffering through the delay. An order baa boon issued from head-quarter of the Militia forco to (he offoot that offioers attending tho Mayor's ball to-morrow evening rnunt appear in full uuiform. This has placed feome'olficers "at their wits' end," and several tailors ire in a state of distraction, Complaint is made that the order should huve been issued earlier, A disgraceful scene took place yesterday afternoon on board the French steamer Suez, at tbe Fort Melbourne railway pier. Some twenty ' larrikins went on board, and for a time . took poasoseioo of the Chinese crow's quarters. They threw piocta f wood about, and made things very uncomfortable for the Celestials, Not a policeman was to bo seou, and the low lasted tome twenty iniimtoc. At last, one of tho Chinameu went and ccmplnioed to the chief 1 officer, who got a piece ol iron, aud at onoe hreutened to strike any one of the roughs who did not leave tbe vessol, This bad tho desired < fleet, and shortly afterwards the steamer was cleared, Then u policoman appsared ou tho .iceue and dispersed the orowd from tho piar, At the taking of the last census, a state ment of religions bolief was not made com pulsory, persons haviug a conscientious objoo tk-ntomeke auch.a state mont bring allowed to enter tbo word M object" instead. Tho numbor who thus objected was 8598, while thoro who made a return of their belief numbered £17,291. No loss than B»57 left the space opposite the question blank, returning no onswer whatever. Dr Ynul held an inquest at the Molbourno Hospital to-day on tho body ot William Flomiog Hazcourt, third officer on board tho fcbipIlnU, who fell from bo ween tho deoka d'W>n the bold of tbe ship a dutanoo of 14 est oo .Saturday, tbe 2\Rh of last montlu lie died io tbo Melbourne Hospital ou Saturday last from fraclare of thepiae. Tho jury roturood a verdict of accidental dratlu DflQeaaad i.h 29 yo?rs of ago, aad unrasrriod, A'womao, ngeil 41 year?, named Cliarlott Kiug, a Jauudrttj.i, who UBidtid iu Drnmmon(f stioot Carlton, trad was admitted to the Molbourno Hospital, on tho 20th of last month4 died yesterday. Au inquest will bo hold, What might havo been n sorbins aoo'dont occuncd on Saturday aftornoou, at the'juuctiou f lloddta and Johnituu ttrcbta, Colliugwood, htough the grces oarelesMiaati of a bioyolo idcr. A young girl with n baby in htr arms, whs oroisiug Hoddlo street, whon without tho slightest warning, the whh knocked dowu In tho middle of, tho road, Tho bicyclist just saw tho girl got up, and with the romark that it torved her right, vodo off as hard as he ooutd, By a miraculous obsuoe, the baby was uninjured, but tho girl horsolf was sovorely bruised, and received a great Bhock, It is time tboio gay bicyclists understood that pedosti iaue lives are to bo considorod as woll ar thoir pleasure. Posaiblv an action for dumieas in cat(K liko tho present will make them more oarelul. Ou h'riday ovening Mrs Sholmodinos residence No 1 Park otroot, Colliugwood, was broken opou and artioleo of jawollory to tho value of £3 stolon thorofrom. At an early hour on Saturday morning tho CouocillHotel, J ohustoDhtroot won burglariously ontored nod a numbor of bottlos of brandy and wbUky stolen ont of tho bar, An ontrauoe was effectod|by bronkiug n window At thobaolc ot tho promisor. Accidents occasioned by fire uro commou enough, but tho twin element ofwatur is not responsible for no much damage— at all evirate. >n largo cities, However, an accidont cauaod by tho carelessness of a workman, woe tho occssiou of ixirtially flooding Moists Craig, Williainsou and Thomas' ware house on Saturday ovening and damaging a cot-ridi rablo quantity of proporty, Vortu natcty the promptuoas of Coustablo llarloy was the means of showing that tha misohiof was occasiotod by tbe overflow of a water tap in'tbo IftV.alory.audlimraediate Btep3 woro mado to raicovo the causo of the accident, mid place tho teck beyond reach of any further injury. Soiuo lurlltnr pnrticularn appear clsewhero. Kcnie time ago our readers wiU'romemhor a nrauosmo to the Salvation Armyaudconfiisficd that ho bad robbed auotbor man at tho Prin cess TliPfttro of a largo emn of mouoy, and ofl'orcd restitution. The urn \ or rather a man, 1ms turned up to olaim tho raonoy, and if ho succeeds in giving bona jhU satisfaction to thotfliccro of'the Army, ho will got it, Tho innate uf tha uow establishment iu LRUa Bourko street, known as "Oar Lodg ings," woro benefited yoitorday by br.iag pro- ! vidvd with fcomethingtn rend in tho shape of mngnziuo?, pamphlet, &c.;, tho gift of kindly disposed persons, who havo responded to Mr Gomgo Ooppin's appeal made in Tua IIkiiam) aid othor journals. The piotaml newspaper) aud(peiiodicnL havo not yot been stamped and ii sued, but will bo to-day. Tho reading-room at this establish ment is lofty end well venti latcd, contains ample sitting Accommodation' wnd ia warmed by a largo American stove. Tbo steamer Vitzroy, tho latest addition L> tho A.S.N, Company's fleet, from Syduey, poefod Capo Scbanck at 10.50 this inorr/in?, and should reach tho Company's wharf oarly this afitrnoon. Sicco tbo Filzroy arrived in Sydroy from England uho has beou dookod and overhauhd. Sho will bsconto n rgulr trader in tho Molbourno, Syduey and P.risbano trade. A Sunday School Teacher writes:-' Lut Sunday, ou my going as usual to my class at school m teacher, I asked a littlo -l-yoar old boy (holding up my 1'ibia withtho back (oimds hiin) 'What does it ay ou that book V Horeplled 'lloly Pible.Tufcked ' What does that menu?' Whereupon, as quick as thought, tho littlu fellow rejoined, ' A Billo with a hole in it'" At Kuint PuuI'k l.'ro-Cathddral yestorday moroing, Bishop Mocrbouio prui.cbed in aid of the funds for the restoration of the Pro testant Church at Coburg, tbe fouadutious of : which have lately given way. Thoro wasa largo congregation, nod tbo collection amounted lonvorL30. At ovening sorvico tho oboir gave an fxctllant rendering of Mozart's anthem, " Plead Thou my Cuuss, O Tnrd,' tbo b&RS; solo being snug by Mr B. T. Morouey, who has lately joined tho .St. Pant's choir, . The Uot. W. Groundwater Fmer preached an ndinirsble Rormon in the Soots' Churoh last night, taking for his text, " Christ the pawerj >f Cop" (Cotinthianfi I, Lit. chap , 24th V6rds). The Rev. gentleman said that so completely weto we tlie slavci ol sonse that we nnturnlly associate power with grandeur. The roaring of tho sea, tbe howling cf .the tempest, were looked upon as evidences . of power, but so also were tbe gentle rays of ilia aun As in thit'gs earthly bo in things spiritual, Chiist'a life viewed externally was a failure, yettbetoxt declared him to be the power of God. Tho sermon was beautifully divided- fa) Christ's life was n power becauio of its tedt-aacrificiog essence, (b) It wa« a power when judged by results; power wni moat evidenced when confronted with difficulty. Christendom was tho evidenoe of Chriet'.s power, uh was also tho power of OhriHt' gospul in thy human heart, for ther its potency outshone all other poworr; for just as theudmiefion of light removed all the do- plorability of darkness, ro did the power of Christ' life illuminate the dark coraem of lram an Ufa. Tbe sermon concluded with an irnost appeal to the aongrrg&tiou-to; exp8rler.oQ tho powir of Christ for themsolvos. Th0 usrmoD throughout was an oxcelleut prepjiriv (ory ditcoureo CorjGomtminioo Sunday.nnd was most attentively listened to. For Koine time past the East Richmond Oon- gregatiooah Church has been languishing iu conerquenoe of having no regular minister. Judgirg from tbe throe orowded oongrogations assembled yesterday, however, it would appear that the church is likely to advance in the Intnrc. , Tlie cause of the incroastd attend- nnco was l he presence of tho Key. John Bxrbsr, who has been appointed Btipsndiary pastor of tho congregation, . This gentleman has for Aoiho time past bean engaged ia the L\ks Rowan Mission, and he preached his first sermon on taking possession of his new obarge. In tbo ' morning he took for bis text Matthew Y, 10: "Lst your light so shine before men that, they may see your good works , and glorify your Father which is in Heaven." The rev. gentleman's address was especially directed to Christians, and inculcated tho no. c€»aity of those who profosBed Christianity to set au exsmplo to those who did not yet know the Saviour. Tho little churchwkich "Accom modates about two hundred and fifty, hna been thoroughly painted and redecorated for the 'ccfwion. .. i > Mr Ballington Booth, the second aun of Gor.enii Booth, of tho Salvation Army, is ex pected to arrive ia Melbourne in about a fort- . night from now, It was iatimated at tho Tem- perance|HaU moating last night, that it was likely that two weekB from this ho would pre. sent Ills ifathez's ctodontiala on that phtform, aud of courso there wilt be great doings of- the Army ia connect ion with his visit. Tbe ramifications «f the Salvation Army aro now becoming so numerous that additional of licet of tbe higher grade are becoming daily necoiHnry. Major Barrett has already arrived and f o is to. bo followed very shortly by Major Howard of tbe Training Home in tho old cmntry. At the Collingwood Salvation Army barracks last: night tho oaptaln' delivered an addreea, xbieh ho concluded in the foliowiug inanasr : — "The Lord bleBs you all, and may you give Him your hearts to-night, Now I believe wo are going to have a heavenly colleotiou to help towards rolling the .old chariot along. Ho apparently wiohod to hoc sin ners b&ved;, but ho also took oaro to romind them that tho oolloction, as woll as the salvation of sonls, was highly ne cessary, Ouo of tho soldiers who was giving testimony informed bin honrort) that beforo ho kocanra a lover of tho Lord, ho usod to be "pertickiet" what ho had for his breakfast on Sunday morning, but, thauk tho Lord, ho oatno to tho Hallelujah breakfnBt (moauiug knoo drill) in tho morning, and got so full of tho Holy Ghost that ho did not requiro any broak- fast whou ho got home." This will bo a poor look-out for tho butchor aud baker if many soldiers follow tho "porlioklor i no's" oxaraplo, H r Honor th Chief Justico was, warogrot to say, ill this morning, and unabla to alt in tho Fall Court. .1 tin Honor's place was talcou by Mr Jiutico lliginbothnm, who postponed th busioors of the I'ractico Court (wiioro h< would othorwiKO hnvo ant) till nftor tho rising vi vim i' uu yoqu tins nitornoon, Tho Full Court— their ltonorH Mr VTustloO Iiiginbotbnm, Mr .l uetico Williams, and Mr lustico Ilolroyd— ant to-day in tho I'irst Nisi PiittK Courtinstoad of tho Banco (Court for the sake of tho warmth, tho formor court being tho only one in tbo Law Courta which in hosted. Mr Justico iliginhotham as senior udgo acted as proaidont of tho court, Au application was made in tho Iasolvoncy Oouit to-day by Mr Fink for tho attachmont of William Tilley, cabman, of Gertrudo stroot, Fitzroy, for disobedience of an order of tho cottrf. Sir Hayoa appeared for tho insolvent to oppuso tho applies iou, It Apivearsd that an application by Tilley for a certificate was setdownfor heatirg. Mr Flomiog Hoyt, a croditor, appoorvd to opposo tho granting of tho certifi cate, but Tilley hinmlt did uot coma to Court to support it, and tho application wasstruok out. Tilloy being mulcted in ccsts for noa-paymont, of which tbe attachment was asked for. Mr Hayes submitted that tbo ordor was bad, inas much as it woa mado in tbo absonco of tho in col vent. His Honor rulod that tho ordor must bo held to he good so long as it was noteucoees- fully attacked on appeal, and ho thoreforo granted nn attachment against the iusolvont for disobeying it. An application under tho Judicature) rules was mado before Mr Justico MolcBworth this morning, in tho estate of tho lata Win Stanton, of Emotald Hill, Tho administrator, Mr H, Toim, had paid into court uudor tho Siatutoof Trusts a sum of L50(! belonging to tho estate, aud Mr A'Bookott now nppliod ou an "originating summou," on bohalf of tbe authorities of tho Melbourne Orphan Asylum, tbat pnymoula out of that fuud should bo mado to tho Asyiutu lor tho maintonnnco of four infaut childion of tho doceasod, who aro now in tho Asyiuui. Mr Gold smith, who appoared for the admrais trator, wbilo offeriog no objection to the application, pointed out that tho molhod of proceeding was incorrect ; that tho money having been paid into court under the previ sions uf lbs Statute ot TruHtp, tho moiho 1 pro vided by that act for Rolling it out must be adopted, aud that wui by petition; that though Order 55 ol tho now rules did authorise applications >uoh as this to be mado m Chambers, yet if it meaut tbey should also b) by bummuus iho rulo was ultra vires, aud cc.uld not control the express provision of th: act; that ovon if tha applied ion could be made by summons, an "oiiginatiog summons" waa not the proper proceeding. LTis Honor n&roed; ith this view, and refined tho appli- cati< n with ccet«. Argtminnls were commenced iu tho Full Court to-day, in ou appeal Lorn tbo doisiou ol his Houor Mr Justico Moleswurth iu a suit of WMpolo v tbo Colonial B.vnk. Tho suit wai brought by Mr Edward Walpoloexooutor of bin brother, Mr Johu T. Walpolr, lato Secretary of tbo Shiro of Dntui/s, tu lniiko tbo bank umwer- nuio lur uiiu cjluu uuw.voeu uiu auui wnigii it rccoivcd ou account of a lifo policy ou Walpelc'ti life aud thr, amount of tho urmwucc policy, Tho policy was iu the Australian AIHanw AiKorance Cr.mpauy for i'2000,»iicl wr« cifectcd ou tbo 25<h Futruary, 18711. In August of tbo sumo year Mr Walpulo trtvnsfnrrcd tho policy to tho Colonial Bank to socuro a put »rd fuiuro debt to it. In <luae, 1877, \V;.)polH utiinmittcd suicide by xbootiug him- iir-lf. He thc-n owed tho bank L2300, Soma doubts nroso as to whether tho amount of the policy could be legally recovered from the aKsmauco company, and the bank agreed to a compromise with the compauy, by which L1293w&8 paid ou account of the policy It was contended on bsb&lf; ol the plaintiff that the bank bad no tight to ot- feet tho coropromiso. Mr Justice Moleswortb hold tho oppocito, and dinmihsed the bill without coeta. Tlie bauk held oilier securities besides the polioy, Tho plaioliff now appeals to tbo Full Court against that decision. Too arguments are prrceedicg. Mr Neighbor and Mr Wntorhcme nppoorod for tho plaintiff, and Mr Webb, Q C.. and Mr HiggiuB for the dcftndautR. A Detective officer complained tb the City Bench this morning uhrmt the coudnot of Mel bourno pawnbrokers. lo said that a number of watches bud boon stolen from jewellery shop, in a manner indicating teat some prac titioner was fmiog round filching those artlclds. A fall doiciiptioa of tho watchoa war sent round to tbo pawnbrokoru as uauul. No response was elicited. A prisouc-r uaued Arnold, in cuvtudy for vtealiuj? a watch, admitted soiuo of tho robberies just referred to. aud direotod tho polico to a puwfihop where ho had 41 pat them away." T1ur matter, complained uf by an officer in court, ought to be Btrictly investi gated. It is usual for a largo amount of oulogy to be bfhtowed ou pawnbroker Cor aiding l!i pt lice. Evrryouo iu tho City Court' this morniog was hushed into awo when Mr Leonard, solicitor, asked a witness 44 Aro you tbe- head of tho Civil Service ?" aurl the witness re sponded " I am," Tho uuwashed did not know but that bn was Uie late Acting-Cover- nor., However, tbo gentleman, who wore blue goggles, explained that ho was only tho hoad of the Civil Servico Co-oporntiva Supply Aaeccial ion. He brought up a aiuall buy, an employe, for peculation. Tho cnlprit bad pb aried guilty, The Bench gave him a .severe lecturo, and sent him away with his pnrnth. It appears that, with a salary of Ih a W40k, he bad opportunities ot dAbbliog his fingers in the rilver. In short,', it was tho common fault, whioh may be termed cruelty, of economic employers, in catting too muoh responsibility on little boyH who are choaply engaged, ami placed in danger of ruinatiou. Two bootmaker, named respectively Wil. Ham I'enBonand Francis Aufitin, were prose cuted formukingUH? of inRulting word toward a boot finisher named CJoorgo Moore. The o&so; arose out of a strike at Air M'GUnn's boot factory, George street,' and the language complained of was, . " You are a scab." Mr Gillott appenred for the complainant, and Mr LyoCB for the defence, After heariD?- the evidenoe of coveral witnesses, tbeBench held the cose to be proved, and intimated that, a hoe would be inflicted, MrLyon a- Iced that the fine be made L5 5, en ex to enable his clients to appeal. To thin tho Bench oonsonto'd. Mr Lyona thon asked for " a stay of proceedings for sovon days," Mr Gillott objocted to any stay being granted, Tho police magistrate having looking at the net eaid, that the bench bad no power to grant V stay. Mr Lyons tben'said that tho money would be deposited in tbo courso of a few minutes, Tliomagistrates who usually uttead at the District Pulico Court seem determined to stop tho horrible UnguBge ot the unfortunate wonun :who reside about' tlie -corner ol Exhibition aud Tonslalo etiBets. Constable Uannon brought tUrno ' of thesi« womeu before the court to-day, aud to. lOMk llieir nemo of ti,0 lallRllua0 — pubiio thotouRbfiiro, Iho, GncJ ouch 60? coflto, iu dofaull a mouth', ""»> Tho womeu'a iiiuiiob woro Huut, .TuhnMi, ' Liddott, It i« tho oldBamo of clearing Ste'nhj11 struct over again. "I'hjn A painlul Bceno was witnoesad in th„ i..„ toy Court to doy, wlion an elderly uamod Oathorioo tjuail, w,„ ocJor ' with i'. oootSp for unlawfully a»»a„itJy a.youug woman uumhd Mary Anll!. Upon hearing thn doololon tho dotondom .Jn down in a lit, and had. to bo carried 1 „ " court, At tho Fitzroy Court to day, b„„,„ Alloy, 3'.M.t and Mr Marodon. .1.1' ii. Ilunt, liconeooot tho l'oraovorauco' Hala Dmnswick etroot, was summoned fur riu„ i trading on tiro 27th duly. ThodoloS ! liloaded guilty, and Bind, I only ,in as „iv- do.-'l Tho Bench inlliotoda finor f 1,5 l o r? covorodby disi roar. Ainaudon Naumann li.. . ol tho British Quoeu, Nicholson stroot, N | Filr.riry was eummuDud for a similar ollouco u ' tho samp date. Aitor hearing tho ovidonoo al Constablos Forkor.nnd Cohill, tho Uauolr hold tho csHQ to bo proved, and thoy iufliuUsd , aimilnr penalty as in tho last caio, A piauaiblo oxcuso waa attonrptod by a d0,.. dairt named Chnrioa ht'Crackon, at th Flerniogton Court to-day, whom |H wa oharged withi haying no < noma on hie dray In reply to Iho Bench as to why ho did uotyV it on aitor being warned by the police h» said ho put it on with chalk, but the roio 'lud wnohed it olf. .Tho chairman of tho Bench r». marked, "I wish you'd sand sorao of it tbi« way, ws want it bad onnugh." A lino o with -b (id ccete'wnaintiiotod. Thia innnring nt Flonringtiru, John Ivoriao a seapoctablo looking man, was charged wjp! allowing Ida horao to waodor on tho »trjrt« „| tbo boroui.il, and whilst tho cwowaa Iroiag hcatd Iho town clerk, Mr Shsttook inforiiiod tho Bench that a child ol a Mr lludeon had boon kiokod in the choat and on Iho tomplo by the horao, and tlri animal was in tho thabit of backing up to l«op!o and lashing out. Mr Giheoo, tiro to apcctor, was followiug in tho eamo .olraiu, but wild promptly slopped by tho iiinoli, Mr llollair, J.l'., remarking, "That has uot'i ingt.r do v itlr tho oase, you're trying to projudioj Iho Bench." For tbohoree wandering, a lino ol 10s with 2s lid coats was indicted. Thn inauguration of tbo Italian Club war cole'bratod by a very pioooont minimi yoalcr- day ovening ot thoir rooms in Littlo Flinders atre?1' '-I1'10 Margina do;C!oy?.noto, consul fut Italy, occupied tiro olrair aa preoidont, aud IrU apcoolr conteinod somo vory protty oomplimiruli to Victoria, " which, though not euooursging immigration, was yot ready olwaya with a wel come to atrnngora to her laud." Sir W. J. Clar ko has couoentcd to bo an honorary presi dent of tiro club, which is instituted for eduoi. tionnl pnrpoBee, as well aa fur tho promotion of social inlcrccmrao. Signor I'annolli ia chair- man of tiro commitloe, SignorUandnmioh b ra secretary, and Signor Bindn Iraa olleroi to giveflcesons iu Fnglirli gratuitouaiy to the olaasea to be formed of thoaa unalrio to apeak any language but Italian. The large room in which the mooting was hold wis deco rated with a taalo which showed that Italians aro far in advance of Viotorians in the prac tice of knlizoio principles. Fervid cheere were givon whonover Iho names of Garibaldi or (jueon Victoria woro mentioned. A small bravs band, stationed in .an adjoining room, per formed the murical honors to tho variour toasts drunk at tho oloea of tho npoeoh-makiug. In addition to tho champagne, tho guoata were served with a variety of oakes auot) aa have uindo tiro pastry of Italy so famoue, Tho .1/. J. Miii! writes Spocial servicer wero'couduclcd in the Frsabytorian Ouotcli jcatorday by tho Rirv.T, C. .Tohnalono. Iu tha morning the text war Corinlhiaup.lGtli ohaptor l.'lth verco : " Quit you like men," The oiscoorEO war apccr-iny aadroased to yoiuhaaod jonngmen, the subject being Mantiuen," Fulso idena of nraiilinens or connected with man liness were referred to,nnd all adviaod tosoe and soak their idea of trno mimhood in Jean, of Nuearotb. In tho ovening there waa a large congregation, wlron "young womeu " were pecially nddroseed, tho subject boing " hfar- t iago.l' Tbo toxt ohoaon was let Timothy, 5th chap., l llh verse—' 1 1 will therefore that tho younger women marry." Tho proaoher dwelt upon tho importance of tho home ephoro into which marringo introduced young womon exhorted thmn to prepare, for it. important ' duties, declared ' tho mis take ol trusting to fairness of fuco and forul, Pi wealth, to mere decoration and falsa notions of being "n lady" for married happiness, In culcated habits of ioduatry, economy, tho cul tivation of conking, Ac., (which had much tc do with tho comfort of homo life, advised cleanliness, tidiness, taste, andimprorstd upon all the necessity and lrlaBeednsBO ot looking ta .liteuB, and trusting Him as tbo great oreeatial to idling any position worthily, A horriblo case of nnnatnral murder is re ported in tiro laat file of the Titiu?, by it correspondent at .Vienna. T tvo d»u«fiterj hart strauglod their aged fathor. Inona lierlisk, goU 28, and her 'sister, Anna, miod 39, Anna was married six yenra ago, but locoivod no dowry. After tho death of hor mother her father took to drinkiog, and still tufused to givo a dowry. Anna rouolved to kill iiira, The daughters at iua darkoned room waiting for tho victim. Lato at night thoir old father ; camehomo drunk. Iwoua, by thoadviooof Auna, had lucked up hor sleovoe, so that she raigh not bo impeded by thorn in her horriblo work. Anna again aakod for hor dowry, nod whe-j Uio old man refused, ehs attuokedhim, ttiraw' him down, and began to throtllo him. Sha- oailed her eister to help, and tho httir qa5 dowD on tho body of her father aud tied bi hand, thns liolpieg hor. .Both worn con demned to death. They told the judge th«7 hadnovor been to churob,acddid notknowhuvr to pray. Tbo London corrosirandont of a .tvell-knowa Boston evoirioff piper writes: "I learn frusiA friondof Lord Tennyaon that an Anient ao publisher has offered the poet L2O,00Q to c mo to America for threo months." Ou'i »h) knowa about auoh things says "As tho loiter containing this statement was Rent by cablet the dearth of details id uot surprising ; yet I .canuot help wishing that the anchor of the drapntch hod oont a few mora wordn to. Bay who 'American pub.'iihec if, and what ho proposes . doiug with . the Laiiroato when ho geta him hero. Aro wo to bo treated to a course of lecturos, or a i-ericR of readings from tho Idylls of Mr /uuy, . r to some brand-new poems written in . America for Americana ? Or in LordjTonnysott ' to taUo the stump In behaU of 'The Kchohir in ' ' roliticpr the hon, Mr J, G, Blaine? Swoat und manifold are the uses to which a orowned and coioneted poet may bo put; but I hardly kco liov/ the publisher is to gat bt» monay buck." ; Ttio quarterly meeting of tho ViotorUo Liw Clerk' Society will bo hold attheMitr-jTavoro Br k u» Thnrsdny oveaing next. Tdo meeting ol fiieudb and support! « of Uf Vhipp, which was to havo been held a'v Lraoa ' Bask View Hctel this evonhsg, has bwii posl per cd to Wcdaasday ovening, at 8 o'cJ-ck. IVo di?ct attention to the sale to be held by Meier John Inchon and Co., at IJioir room, at 12 o'clock, to-morrow, of freehold pr>oirtM> pitute at Hawthorn, Fitzroy, Ea3t S. kudo. Csulfieid, ond IVilliamstown, also a farm ou tbp- Achqiou River. . We have received from A Good Samaritan, who h« given not only promptly, but goner- ; rai-ly— Mrs Aliooj LQisliinan— a onequa JurtGhir tliu oase of distrass rAftofimfldia .SM\ndy' Hkqami. Wo shall hand t' sauw nei-t te ii for this caae over to Mr lu'I, tao . . ' Oily MitMonazy, who has provioualy ,:!odly disbursed nionajs ecnt to us for ehmtawe put vof( W»» have also rooelvfd wnso i-Iotnsoff ; ml Hvvoa BbiUiugR frum » frLnd f>»r thi owe ?.iid have given the address to somo ouqairsts.. 