CAULFIELD TRAINING NOTES. Saturday was a miserably cold and wet morn ing, consequently little fast work was indulged in, most of the horses out being engaged in the different races later on in tbe day. Tbe new arrivals mustered in good force, and came in for a lots of inspection, their condition being eagerly scanned by tbe regulars on tbe course, tbe opinion being mostly favorable to tbe attention that bad been devoted-to tbem. Kowe treated Polestar and Nonsense, the tirst to commcnco work with a canter, and then spirted tbo last round, Yeend, in charge of Sir W. J. Clarke's horses, sent Sauvignon and Yernet gentle exer cise ; coming homo at a good paco from J he bottom turn. Higinbotbam despatched Don Quixote and Capri, going three rounds slowly, finishing up with a spirt. Morrison had tbo Lady Adelaide filly, Vasco and Leporelio out, only doing mild work. Umbra was cantering. Mouaghan'a Merry Christmas and Rebus were doing medium work: and Dc Mostro'a Guineas colt. The Filot, cantered. Muscat, Nettle and lltifu?, tbo latter with O'Brien up, wont slowly. The favorito for tbe (juineas looked well, and is a very pretty mover. Lomond's chestnut colt Phaon, by King of tbe Ring out of old Sappho, attracted a good deal of attentiou, and strode alone very evenly. Josephine (Boase in tho saddle) started cantering, and was let go from tho bottom turn, coming homo strong. Cupola did a strong round on tho inner track, tbo little chestnut getting over tho ground at a good bat. Perle d'Australie was treated to similar work on tho samo track. Meteor, Conjecture and Ringmaster spirted and cantered, tirey, with his string from Kilmnny Park, was next to put in an appearance, and tio gave his five good useful work. Gasalier, overpowering her jockey, bolted, but was got under command before doing any damage. The htirdio racer looking very muscular. Yankeo Grab, an aspirant for tbe Findon Harriers' Vase, was out exercising. Egbert and Kingfisher were sent serviceable work, \V. Long sant Carbuncle cantering. Cumcrine and Dargo went as well ns anything ; the inaro did a round of a mile in nice form. Jones had Violet, Melodious, |First Pop, Mistake, Tho Bohemian and Coriolanus out doing ordinary work. Scaramouch and the chestnut Straggler were given three rounds at a good swine. Rapid (from Keys's) was also given a breather of three ronnds, the last moving along a littlo freer. J. G. Reid had his four — Grace Darling, The Ghost, Nuncio and Norfolk, who subsequently won the Maiden Plate— all working. The latter is the only horso located in the vicinity for any time who was returned a winner. Mnny of tho trainers at Caulfield are of opinion that, not sufficient fast work hud been done by tho horses trained in the neighbor hood, and in this manner account for the down fall of one or two good favorites. 