SPORTING NOTES. VICTORIA AMATEUR TURF CLUB, (PItOM OUU MELBOURNE COHHKSFONDKNT.) Saturday, 2titU April. A raco meeting? under the auspices of the V.A.T. Club was lield on tho Caulfiold course this afternoon. Two rathor serious mishaps occurred daring the meeting, Scobio, the ruler of Vangnnnl in the Hurdle Race, sustaining a fall, resulting in a broken collar, bone ; and Malone, on Stampede in the Steeplechase, getting a very severo shakiug. The following were tho results Skllinu Race of 50 sors, For all liorses that have never won a racc exceeding 25 so?s. Weight for age, with soiling allowances. Six furlongs. Mr 3. Miller's b g Tulta, 2 yrs ... (Tuomey) 1 Mr. J. R. Cowell ajb m Queen Boss, 4yrs (Cracknell) 2 Mr H. Connelly's b m Lulla Kookh, 4. yrs (Gardiner) 3 Time—1 minute 20 seconds. The only other starter was Unyawatcr. The winner was bought in for £50. Handicap Hurplk Rach, of 75 sovs. One miloanda half. Mr A. F, Sullivan's g h Yately, aged, list Olbs (Butty) 1 Mr J. 0. Inglis'H b m Brenda, G yrs, XQst iilbs ... (tuglis) 2 Mr G. Cripps'a ch g Dawdler, 3 yrs, 9st (Richards) 3 Time—3 mins. aeon. The following also started : Vanguard, Avalanche, Zanga, Nod Kelly, Merry Maid and Berwick. Betting : 5 to 2 against Vately, 3 to 1 against Vanguard, and 5 to 1 other.-}. Glen licsTLt Handicap, of 100 sovs., added to a sweepstake of 3 soys. each; 15 sovs. to go to the second, and 5 bovh. to tho third horse out of the stakes. One mile. Mr M. Jacob's bl c Merry-jig, 8 yrs, Gst 12lbs (Cracknell) 1 Mr S. Grimwood'a br b Meander, 0 yrs, 7at (Cook) 2 Mr S. Mahon's br m Lesbia, 1 yrs, bst ...(Burton) 3 Time—1 min. 17 bees. Tho other starters were : Boolka, Euclid, Phantom, Countryman, Duenua, Liberator, Raillery, Impulso and Sulphur. . Bo(ting : 3 to 1 against Meander,-i to 1 against Merry-jig and Lesbia. Handicap Steeplechase of 100 sovs. added to a sweep stake of 3 sovs.; 15 sovs. to go to tb** secuud, aiid'5"; sovs. to the third horse out of the stake. Two miles, Mr G. Glasscock's ch g Blackthorn, aged, 11 st 12 lbs (M'Leud) 1 Mr H. Chifnoy's br m Chrysalis, aged, 10 st 8 lbs (King) 2 Mr E. Weeks' b m Lizette, 0 years, 11 at •* lbs (KiMutl) 3 Tiino— 1 min. 2o sees. The following also started:— Australian Court. Noorong, Black Jacket, Stainj>ede, and Starlight. Stampede and Noorong fell, Malone, the rider of tha former, being so very badly shaken that it was found necessary to convey him to tho Alfred Hospital. The Armadalh Handicap of 50 sots, Firo furlongs und a half. Mr S, Griinwood'sb h Meander, (5 years, 7 st 2 lbs • ... ... • ... ... {Co]>e) 1 Mr J. G. lieid's ch g Tho Ghost, G years, 7 st 6 lbs • ... (Swallow) 2 Mr J. R. Cowoll's b m Castawav, 4 years, 7 st t} lbs ... ...••• ... (Hales) 3 Time—1 min. 11 sees. It is stated that Le Grand lost the Sydney Gold Cup through tho rider, O'Brien,' pulling ftp his horse to save Lo Grand from killing Power, the jockey who rode Martini-Henri, when the latter stumbled-'-O'Brien's action .was, notwithstandrirg' the icfcs of the ruce, a commemiable onei A meeting of tbo stewards of the Strathlleldsaye Jockey Club was held on Saturday at the Town Hall Hotel for tho purpose of considering the protest eu tored by the owner of Fair Nell against the stages being paid to the owner of Jack Sprat, the winner of the Hurdle Rsco, on the ground that the latter misled one of the jumns; and also the protest against the stake b-'ing awarded to the owner of Snowstorm, tho horse that came in first in tho Maiden Race, on the trround that Snowstorm had **ou an advertised race. A tele gram was read from Sir. Albert Brulin, the secretary, at present in Melbourne, to the- efleet that, ho had obtained all particulars regarding the course to 1 adopted in reference to the protest ugainst Jack Sprat, and'requesting that the meeting should be adjourned to permit of his being present. Mr, Bruhn states that thcstakesgotoJaekSpr.it. ... WRESTLING. Tho accident which -happened rto Professor Miller when competing KithDo'tfafd Dinulc is an unfortunate' ono, • inasmuch as Miller will bo unable to v/resti^ rurain. His deport nru to America, where lie was to moot Sullivun, will have to be delayed for an indefinite time. It is stated that a complimentary benefit; will bo tendered to him. COURSING. Nj:w.stkai> Cmw. The first mooting of the above club takes place ou Tuesday, 30th inst. Ihe following are the entries and draw— Couranto against Polo. Bella against Himalaya. Pilot against Lucy. Marchioness agniust Hazelnut. Tarrangower Lass agninst Priuco Tcck. Father Pat against ilex IT. Tho meet will take place at Bryant's gate, near the swamp on the Carisbrook road ut nine a.m. CUICKET. The match between the South Kt'iltounic and Rich inoud clubs for the challenge cup, was resumed on Satur day,last at South Melbourne. According to the " Herald " the score at five o'clock wa« as follows Trumblc, caudbMinchiu lol Slight; uot out ...* ... 119 Walters, uot out CO Sundries 21 Total for loss of ono wicket 370 AQUATICS. Laycock v. Hanlan. (rkutsr's telegram.) Stdnet, 26th April. To-night was the time appointed for the second de posit of the match between Beach and Triekett to row Haulan for £500 and tlio championship. Beach has declined to complete.the agreement, although liberal inducements were offered him. Negotiations were then opened with Laycock, and his name was ovetitu. ally substituted for that of Beach. 