NEW SOUTH WALES MEMS. H.M.S. Nelson leaves Sydney to-morrow for New Guinea. An Amateur Photographic. Club has teen formed in Sydney. 138deg. in the sun waB registered at Balxanald on Saturday. The ie]_ has proved a failure. Solomon was defeated by T. Kemp on the Nepean on Saturday. There were 1000 miners at the Eight-hour demonstration at Newcastle. Mr. Goldie proposes to import stock into New Guinea from Queensland. An expedition of 50 Americans has been formed to explore New Guinea. The amount of gold actually in circulation iB estimated to be £100,000,000. £890,000 has been assigned by the Imperial Government for colonial defences. The Burwood Football Club are winners of the Gardner Challenge Cup, 1884. A plague of caterpillars has appeared on some portions of the Darling Downs. Mineral specimens from Noumea are to be presented at the Antwerp Exhibition. A year's session is without precedent in the history of Parliamentary institutions. Reports from Lord Howe Island, by the steamer Inflexible, are very satisfactory. Capital of Irring's Patent Fuel Company {or the utilisation of small coal, £12,000. 400 cigars were recently seized on the body of a Chinaman belonging to the s.s. Suez. The Rev. Dr. Ellis, of Newcastle, has been appointed precentor of Goulburn Cathedral. Eighty-three nominations bave been received for the Casino Athletic Club £60 Handicap. A dividend of 4B. per share has been declared by the Ravenswood Silver Mining Company. The jumpers of claims at Silverton have been dispossessed in the local Warden's Court. Total yield of gold at Gympie for September, 13,632oz., or an average of 2oz. 13dwt. per ton. Nearly40,000 cheeses, realising about £20,000, were exported from the Candelo district last year. It is estimated that the sea-borne commerce of Australasia amounts to £100,000,000 per annum. Alluvial gold has been discovered on the eastern side of Scrubby Plain, in the Parkes district. The postal and telegraph revenue of Bega is stated to exceed that of any town south of A field of cane, comprising four or five acres, has been destroyed by fire in the Grafton district. New Zealand mutton commands a higher price than English among retail butchers in London. H.M.S. Nelson is to be recommissioned on the Australian station at the close of the pre- sent term. £37,000 in dividends has been paid in the t months by the Day Dawn Prospecting Two finds have been lately made near Silverton, one assaying 900oz., the other 4000oz, to the ton. The Queensland National Bank a few days since received 10,965oz. Gympie gold, valued at £39,000. 820oz. of gold have been obtained from. 449 tons of stone by the No Liability Company, Queensland. The crew of the Mignonette were without food of any kind for seven days, and no water for five days. The crew of the Alarm, missing since July last, are reported to be among the natives at Margaret Bay. The Queensland Government have agreed not to apply for space in the International Exhibition, 1885. 350 members have been enrolled in the New South Wales Journeymen Bootmakers' Protective Union. £12,000 worth of silver has already been obtained from the Lubra claim, Purnamoota, near Silverton. A deposit receipt worth about £550 has been discovered in the rubbish heap of an hotel in Rockhampton. 1067oz. of gold were obtained from 357 tons of stone at No. 1 North Phosnix gold-mine, Charters Towers. The oldest inhabitant of Tasmania, Mr. Thos. Wiggins, who arrived in that colony in 1804, has recently died. Up to the 5th of September no account of the Hanlan-Beach boat race had appeared in an English paper. Capitalists at West Maitland propose to construct a line between Narrabri and Walgett by private enterprise. Aggregate amount of the public debt outstanding on the 1st September. £24,632,459 ; interest, £1,072,641. A challenge has been issued by J. M. O'Connor, of New Zealand, for a race from 1000 yards to a mile. Two sample sheep and cattle trucks, known as the Humanity Patent, were recently imported from America. A -banquet is to be given~to the-Agents-- General of the colonies by the Plymouth Chamber of Commerce. The Colonial Sugar Company recently discharged 150 white men from their 'Herberton plantation, Queensland. Mr. Cyril Blacket, A.R.LB.A., has been appointed lecturer on architecture by the Senate of the Sydney University. Sergeant A. S. Board was top scorer for New South Wales in the intercolonial military rifle selection competition. A garden party and sale of work is shortly to be held at Bishopscourt in connection with the Girls' Friendly Society. Sir Henry Parkes considers that the local land boards are likely to be perniciously influenced by indirect bribery. Whilst the banks in Australasia (exclusive of Tasmania) own £21,000,000, they trade to the amount of £110,000,000. A rich discovery of stone likely to yield lOoz. to the ton is reported at the Pinnacle, Kelly's claim, Nowra district. James Martin, of Narandera, saddler, is insolvent. Liabilities, £22 4s.; assets, £2. Mr. Macnab, official assignee. The Government refuse to insist that all subsidised mail steamers shall be manned exclusively by European labor. Mr. John Rolfe, the champion bicyclist, has accepted Mr. Fletcher's challenge to ride 100 miles within Chrs. I4min. 43sec. The wine crop in the Port Macquarie district is expected to be the finest in quantity and quality for the past ten years. A plague of rats has appeared in the west of the Northern Island in New Zealand. 4500 were killed by a few lads and a dog. 1114students attended the Sydney Technical College last year, or G12 in excess of the corresponding period in the previous year. Settlement in New Guinea will be permitted after the necessary regulations have been passed by the High Commissioner. The amount of imports up to date aggregate £15,398,538, as compared with £13,765,951 for the corresponding period of last year. A public meeting is to be called in Sydney by the Trades and Labor Council in reference to the cheap and Chinese labor question. It is supposed that there are at present 10,000,0001b. less of tea en route for Australia than at the corresponding period last year. Timewell, the Sydney bicyclist, arrived at Brisbane on Saturday from Rockhampton, having completed 1300 miles on his bicycle. Over 4930 periodicals have been distributed among the cabmen in Sydney during the past year by the Ladies' Evangelistic Association. " Chinamen," says the Herald's special commissioner in Queensland, "are the greatest enemies the whites have on the sugar plantations." The newly-discovered land on either side of the Macarthur River is stated to be of a worthdescription close to the sea, but better inland. A formal declaration has been issued by the Anglican bishops of New South Wales with reference to religious teaching in public schools. It is reported that the Emu Yale train was lately brought to a standstill by the slime of caterpillars which had been crushed by the wheels. Many of the anabranches and side lakes of the Biver Darling are dry, owing to the clear passages for flood water made by snagging operations. The Illawarra Steam Navigation Company's prize for the best ram on the ground at the Bombala Agricultural Show was won by Mr. Cruickshank. With reference to the relation of meteorological phenomena and disease, it has been shown that scarlet fever rises and falls with the temperature. A number of English perch imported irom Lake Wendouree, Victoria, are to be placed in the stream on Mr. Hordern's estate on the Blue Mountains. It is believed that if the proposed Walgett railway route does not go by way of Narrabri, that a private company will be started to construct such a line. The crops at Cudgellico, in the Hay district, have been eaten bare by caterpillars. Great damage is also being done by grasshoppers in the Hillston district. Bishop Barry says the real point at ii with regard to religious teaching in State schools.is whether under the Act any religious teaching can be given. The expenses of the Queensland Cricket Association in connection with the visit of the Australian Eleven amounted to £651 in addition to £300 paid by them. Sir Edward Strickland regretfully declines representing the Geographical Society of Australasia at the ceremony of declaring a British protectorate over New Guinea. King Tawhiao has returned to his dominions in the s.s. Wairarapa. His Majesty should now write a book on the manners and customs of polite society in the Old World. " I think," said Mr. Holding, of Menindie, in a letter to the Boyal Commission on water conservation, "that £250 would effectually secure millions of gallons of water." An exhaustive bibliography of New Guinea, containing a thousand references, has been compiled by Mr. E. C. Bye, librarian of the Boyal Geographical Society in London. At -Gym])ie,-No. J>-North-Glanmire.-hasdeclared a dividend of £1800, and has reserved £500for future.working expenses. , Nos. 2 and 3 Hilton have declared a dividend of £262. "Working men in this colony," said Mr. Dibbs at the Eight- hour Demonstration, " hold advantages superior lo those .enjoyed:by.any of their class in any country of tne world." An engine buried in:the sand at Araluen during the floods 14 years ago has been unearthed in.the Rising Sun claim in a perfect state, of preservation. It has not even, been lasted* It is reported that all the town clerks of the capital cities in the colonies, except Hobart, have accepted'the position of honorary correspondents to the Boyal Humane Society of Australasia. A new practicable line of railway has been discovered by Mr. Townsend to. relieve ;the Zig Zig line without climbing the mountain's greatest gradient. The trial survey is one in a hundred. At Young, on the 16th instant, a chemist's assistant named Wallwill, whilst engaged dissolving glycerine in a glass jar, met with a serious accident, which will probably result in the loss of an eye. The Sydney Amateur Sailing Club celebrated the opening of the season on Saturday afternoon. The fleet under Commodore Dietrich's command went through a number of evolutions, and the dinner took place at Creorne. The natives of Apia are at last becoming civilised. During the stay of the Flirt there on September 6, a native murdered another of his countrymen, and instead of giving a feast as is usual, he was tried, found guilty, and hanged. It was stated by Sir Henry Parkes, in the Assembly, that if succeeding Ministers followed the example of those now in office, the public debt in 10 years would amount to £88,000,000, with an interest amounting to £3,250,000 per annum. The importation of apples from America has been prohibited by the New Zealand Government, in order to prevent the spread of the codlin moth. A shipment of American apples refused admission is expected to be sent to Sydney. Lieutenant George E. Richards, one of the naval assistants to the. hydrographer to the Admiralty, has been appointed, to command the Queensland gunboat Palumah, which is to be employed in surveying the northern coast of Australia. Mr. Shertsgoff, a Russian official, who has been inspecting the mines in the Newcastle district, expresses astonishment at our coal resources, and the easy method of getting it, which he considers merely child's-play compared with that which prevails in RusBia.. The Deniliquin Railway League have decided to send another deputation to Sydney, immediately, to urge upon the Government the extension from Jenlderie to Deniliquin. The deputation will consist of Mr. Hatch, the Mayor, and Mr. Waring, the council clerk. There was an exciting finish for first place between Victoria and New South Wales at the intercolonial rifle competition in Sydney on Saturday. Greaves (N.S.W.) made the highest individual score, scoring at 600 yards 69 points out of 75, including seven bulls' eyes in succession. The Colonial Secretary of Queensland has received a communication from Lord Denbigh, chairman of the Australian Transcontinental Syndicate, suggesting that the Queensland Government repay the syndicate the expenses incurred in making maps and surveys preparatory to their proposal. A fall of rock occurred in a cutting of the railway extension works, close to Young. One man was removed to the hospital. Latter on another man working in the same cutting fell from a platform while wheeling a barrow, and struck on a pick lying below, the point bong driven through bis leg. Drs. Manning, Foord, and Clarke, Sheriff Cooper, and others visited Brady, under sentence of death for the Gwydir murder, a few days since, in the Tamworth gaol. The result has not transpired, but it may be safely predicted that the Executive will not be advised to give effect to the death sentence. Sir John Bobertson (says the Evening News)! in spite of his leading the Opposition, is not destitute of the milk of human kindness, like some of his confreres. At the Hurstville luncheon he spoke in the most kindly manner of bis old friend, Mr. Stuart, and his sympathy touched a chord in every listener's breast. We (Cootamundra Liberal) hear that Mr. Wehr, proprietor of the Southern Cross, has disposed of that property to Messrs. Mooney and Large. Mr. Wehr has for some time past been in a delicate state of health, and for .that reason, we believe, has disposed of the Cross, The latter, of course, will not go to Temora, as rumoured. Canon Selwyn sayB the Church of England is, of course, obliged to go to Parliament for power to deal with property, but he asks—" Is it worthy of the church of the living God to go for approval of what we do, to men who are not, as a whole, a Christian body, and who do not invoke the aid of the Holy Ghost to guide them in their deliberations Who can it be? "Atlas" in the World writes :—" I hear that a well-known Australian knight has lately been the victim to the extent of some thousands of pounds of a gang of swindling gentlemen, who persuaded him they could convert his persona!title into an hereditary -one..JThis~same gentleman is the regular weekly prey of vermin. of another kind." ' r-'i; The Chief Justice, )in! a: recent judgment thus expresses his opinion-anent the railway contracts-:—men ofi the world, •perhapa the jury, would know., that contracts of this > kind were liable to great. vicissitudes, which must always .be taken into account; and, so far from. making a profit, .there was always a chance of considerable loss. To a certain extent it was a lottery." An elderly man named Kenneth M'Leod wag run over last week by a railway train near the Redfern Mortuary station. He was crossing the line, and seeing ,his position between both up and down trains, he threw himself on the line and the train passed over both his legs. Upon his admission to the hospital both his legs were amputated below the knees, but he succumbed to his injuries on the following day. Sir Henry Parkes has given notice.of his intention of moving a resolution in the Assembly to the effect that in view of the present state of the mail services connecting Australia with other parts of the world, and the improved means of steam navigation, tenders should be invited for a service between Sydney and London or Liverpool which would secure delivery of mails both ways within 33 days. An English absconder has been arrested in New Zealand on warrant charging him with extensive peculations from the board of guardians of Brownlow Hill workhouse, Liverpool, Anderson was arrested for embezzling £240, but since his arrest it has been discovered that his deficiencies amount to £5000. Accused occupied the position of governor of the workhouse, an appointment which he held 1 six years, at a salary of £500. At Wagga last Saturday an inquest was held on the remains of John Doughty Cappock, who died suddenly at the Golden Fleece Hotel the day previous. The evidence showed that deceased had been drinking heavily, and the immediate cause of death was the bursting of a blood-veBsel on the brain. A verdict was returned accordingly. Deceased was closely related to the Tichborne family, and received remittances amounting to £300 yearly. The failure is reported, on account of the bad seasons and other adverse circumstances, of the Pandora Sugar Company, the pioneer of the sugar industry in'the Rockhampton district It is estimated that 1000 acres of sugar land have fallen out of cultivation in the Maryborough (Queensland) district during the ' last year. Sugar lands on the banks of the ilary River, for which 10 years ago £8 an acre was refused, have been lately sold at £5 per re. Mr. Percival Ball, the eminent sculptor, whose " Genius of Lancashire" in the Royal Academy, 1883, attracted so much attention, arrived in the Potosi, and intends taking up his residence in Sydney. Mr. Ball has lived in Rome many years, and finds the English climate uncongenial. Amongst' other of his notable works may be mentioned the memorial in-St. Paul's Cathedral to the officers who fell in the Afghan war, and the bust of. Gladstone for the Reform Club, Manchester. Mr. J. Russell's shearing at the Dundaleith shed was concluded on Tuesday last (says the Burrangong Chronicle). For curiosity three of the sheep were , weighed before being shorn, with the following result:—No. 1, a five-yearold crossbred ewe, turned the scale at the enormous weight of 2321bs.; No. 2, three years old, at 208lbs.; and No. 3, a 2-tooth, went 1911bs. The fleeces were not particularly heavy—weighing ll^lbs., 14£lbs., and 1 libs.' respectively. It is often said that if people will marry they must put up with the incoaveniences of the married, but the most hard-crushed bachelor will say that the following was too bad. The Forbes Times says :—" On Wednesday laBt a bride who had just taken a seat in a conveyance was hit on the back of the head with a heavy boot, while another missile slruck her in the mouth and inflicted a nasty wound. A volley from another quarter hit the bridegroom on the arm, causing temporary disablement/' The Grigg's Goldmining Company, Cudgellico, has been floated successfully with a capital of £6000. The battery has been removed from the bank of the lake, which is now dry, to the mine shaft, which is 185 feet in depth, and has 100 feet of water in it, which will bave to be pumped out From Foster's reef, on which the claim has been lying idle for six years, a parcel of stone has been put through, and the last crushing yielded 6oz. to the ton. Machinery worth £6000 has been erected on the claim* The Government have advertised for tenders for the erection of an iron bridge over the Murrumbidgee River, at Comma's crossing, such tenders to be in the hands of the Minister for Works not later than Tuesday, the 18th November prox. This news will be received with marked approval, not only by residents of the Murrumbidgee and Goodradigbee districts, but also by a large number of persons who are compelled to travel stock to and from the mountain districts of Monaro during the summer months. Colonel Booth, of the Salvation Army, in reply to the scriptural question " Am I my brother's keeper ?" says, " Yes, you are; and God not only expects you to love your neighbor—who is yoar brother, your sister—as yourself but to be as eager in seeking their present and future good as you are in pro moting your own," The Colonel adds: " Those : who are spending life without such thought and concern for the well-being of those around them, are living according to the natural carnal state of man—a life of selfishness." » match was ran on the Sir Joseph Bants Hw-reaiion Ground, Sydney, on Saturday alter- S between T.' Hyde and W. Noud for ^100 over a 100 yards' distance. After a few Mm 'starts both men were despatched on their naroey, Hyde having a slight advantage, •hich he increased as the race progressed and finally won by about 10 yards. There were a roouderable number of spectators present, and not a little speculationtook place over the event. Tn Mr. Justice Faucett's Chambers at the Sunreme Court, Sydney, is a sculptured bust of that gentleman, by Signor Simonetti, which everyone who has seen it and knows Judee Fawcett. has pronounced to be a perfect likeness ot him. It is executed in Cai marble of the purest kind, and the face is exquisitelv carved, the characteristic expres- 8ioit of the Judge being reproduced with the accuracy of a photograph. Only coloring is wanted to make the bust life-like, and altogether it is one of Signor Simonetti's best works. It will probably be exhibited shortly in the sculpture room of the Art Gallery. The Gundagai Goldmining Company at Stony Creek have at last got something to show. Hitherto the water has conquered the efforts of miners to bottom, but since they obtained a steam engine and pump they have overcome that obstacle, and at a depth of 70ft. they have got 5ft. of wash, extending, judging from the formation of the country, to tbe Murrumbidgee River, about two miles. The first parcels of washdirt were put through last week ; on the first day the result was 40oz. 18dwts.; on the second day it was 2ozs. 13d wts. 20grs., so that the shareholders have cm proof that good gold does exist in their lease. At a recent meeting of the Narandera Progress Committee Mr. Rogers gave notice of the following motion, to be brought forward at the next meeting of committee:—" That this meeting take steps to advocate the immediate initiation of a complete system of water cooserration for the Riverina district ; such system to include the damming and locking of the Murrumbidgee and Darling and the canalisation of suitable lands lying between those rivers, such canals to run at moderate distances from each other so as to allow of irrigation as far as the water will allow, and that the cooperation of Hay and Wentworth be invited in the matter, and the political assistance of Borne leading politicians be solicited." "Atlas," in the World, writes :—" That the Australians, when they win, do so by sheer superiority of play, and, when they lose, lose by a combination of untoward casualties—bad light, bad weather, bad ground, bad umpires, and so forth—has long been an accepted rule, if not with each member of the eleven, at least with the majority, and certainly with their own countrymen. They are attended, it seems, by a special reporter, who forwards his own accounts of the matches to one of the Australian papers. According to their imaginative sod patriotic scribe, nearly all the bowling in England is unfair and all the umpires roguesall the umpires, that is of course to say, who have ever given decisions adverse to his countrymen." Some years ago (writes the Bega Standard) the discovery of gold on the coast north of Bermagui startled the colony, and presently we had a settlement and a mining township called Montreal. This discovery led to the reservation of a large area as a goldfield, and that step being taken, the Government forth- with proceeded to forget all about our little goldfield, and excepting that they sent the late Mr. Lamont Young an 1 party on their ill-fated expedition, nothing was ever done to test the value of the discovery. Not long after the discovery Montreal dwindled down to a few hots, the diggers went their way, and now the erstwhile goldfield is forsaken. Still, however, the yellow mark on the map shows how much land is absolutely barred from settlement, and how long is this to continue ? Our Legislature have passed a law affecting places of entertainment that must go a long way to ensure public comfort and safety. It is enacted, among other things, that each seat shall be fully four square feet, that escape doors Bhall be very large, and open either in or out, that the gangways shall be at least three feet wide, that all stairs shall be of stone, with iron balustrades; that the building shall be connected by telegraph or telephone with the nearest fire brigade quarters ; lamps, filled with kerosene or some other material, shall be kept constantly alight, but turned down low (to prevent a panic in case of the other illuminating agents going out auddenly); and a variety 0f other directions. Indeed (Bays a correspondent) so numerous are these that one theatrical manager informed me that if he were obliged to observe the law in its entirety his theatre would not hold £50. Some amusement was lately created in the bupreme Court at Brisbane (says the Echo) by II 'J 1 'snorance of a number of witnesses called in an assault case reapectingthe definition oi the words sine die. The prosecutrix, in crossexamination, admitted that her husband had laiied to pass through the Insolvency Court in a satisfactory manner; in fact, tendered the inlormation that he was "sent down a'sine and another witneaa called for the Oetence also alluded to tbe fact that the man was a sine dier." When questioned, however, „ t0 the definition of the words sine die, the woman at once admitted her ignorance on the the other ? e J wi'nesMSf, with amusing cpnndence, explained to the Crown Prosecutor that the worda were intended to " define a man who had properly and would not give it up, or something of that sort," This explanatien, of course, occasioned great merriment 