TO THB EDITOR OF THE DAILY TtLBOUAPH. Sir,— Though the deputation which waited on the Minister for Education on Friday listened with airong disappointment to his answers, still I thiok n calm reflection thev will be satisfied that tbev have really gained tench more than they could have expected ; indeed I consider that had tbe Primate not so recently have come among ns he wonld not have aeked for much more than h« has actually gained. -He has got from the Minister a promise that more attention shall be given to religions teaching by- tbe teachers tbemeelvee, and be bos also obtained permission for teachers appointed collectively by the vaitODS secte to give instructions in religion dnring tbe bonr a day authorised by the Education Act, and that is a matter of more than ordinary import ance. It will enable them, as the Rev. Mr Jcileris puts it, to show that the churches ' arc united by bonds etrongcr than tbe repulsions of the creeds, and that it is abundantly possible to nnitc in spirit as well as in matter, ana it will not show tbe sad spectacle (tbe saddest of all) of a divided Christendom. Mr Rogers, tbe inspector of Roman Catholic schools, lias stated that because tbe Hcriptnre lessons arc qow tangbt in the schools, that they arc really Protestant, and therefore denominational, and Dr Lanigan has told the Roman Catholics in Gonlbnro that if tho chnrcbes do carry not the system of religious leach ing which was sanctioned by tho Minister of Relocation on Friday,' that the schools will bo Protestant, and thereby a serious Injury will tc inflicted on tho Roman Catholics. Had these gentlemen been speaking to those who ranst receive every statement made to then ex cathedra, witb'ont questioning, I should nc hare been surprised, but as they were really pnHished to the world, 1, am astonished that mei in their positions shonl'd be so illogical. Dr. Lanigan: might as well say that, were tho Roman Catholic, prifeta to go Into the schools and Rive the children of their persaarfon an hem's in struction in their religion, ns permitted by the Act— and there is no reason why tioy should not — tho schools wonld be Roman Carbolic. In all that is intended to bo tanght, thee will be not one word of protest againBtwhat vc, as Protestants, believe to be tbe errors of Rome. There will be nothing tangbt there bnt that in which all Christians are in agreement. There will be tbo fall of man, the nativity of onr Bavionr, his divlstty, his teachings, his atonement and crnciflxion, resnrrection, nnd ascension, and the descent of the Holy Ghost, tho institution of baptism, and the lloly Communion. These things will be tanght without gloss of any kind whatever. Tbey will, In fact, be merely a brood Christian founda tion laid, on which the various sects in IbcirOhnrches and Bsr.day Schools, and tbe children's parents at hotro can build np any superstructure they please. Ns child's creed will be interfered with in any way whatever, (Should tho committee carry ont tho plan sanc tioned by tbe Minister of Education on Friday, tbe question of funds will bavo to be considered, bnt I do not think there will be any difficulty on that point. If the ministers of tbe various sects will call their people together and lay tha situation and its importance fairly before them, I am convinced thoy will readily and abundantly provide tho neces sary funds; There is, I think, one class to whom urgent appeals should be made, and who should respond to ft freely. I speak of those parents who mo possessed of incomes ranging from £800 to £700 and more per annum, whose children are being edu cated at tbe expense of tbe State ; for It is a farce to say that the fees charged at our publh Bcbools are an equivalent fcfr the education of their children. I think tho committco are to bo congratulated on what tbey have acbiovcd, and that our bishop has done a great work in bringing together the various sects of Protestants nnd uniting them in a grand effort to combat inGdclity and to advance tbe King dom of God in this colony, — Yonrs, <io„ Jnno 78, PAULINE. 