SUPERNATURALISM IN THE POLICE COURT. An amusing caee was heard yesterday afterncon at tho City Police Court, before the Police Magis trate, Mr. CaiL A young man of respectable appearance, named Harry Claude Winter.', de- scribed as a gymnast, was cbarg9d by his mother-in-law, Mrs. Elizabeth Shepherd, with Btealing her forniture, which she valued at £40. Mr. Morgau appeared for tho prosecution. Tho complainant, an elderly woman, who had taken ont a warrantand had the prisoner arrested, said alto was a widow, aud earned hor living as a dress maker. Sho used to lire at 4 Peiham-strcet, Carlton. The prisoner and his wife lived thero also, as ho had no homo of his own. On the 16th July sho loft the house to go into scrvico, tho prisoner having charge of tho fumi- tnre. On tho 16th inst., having left ber place, shewent back to the houso to eeo if oil was righto when she found the bouso empty, and discovered that all the furniture bad been removed to an auction raom in Bouike-atreeto She went 'Jkcre and saw several things which belonged to her. In cross- examination by tho accused she admitted having told him, chunight before he waa married, that his wife was r.ot really her daughter, and that tho girl'smother wasin England. Sho wonld swear now that tha f.iri was her daughter. The reason she told prisoner this falsehood was that .tlia girl, who was a notorions liar, had begged of hoc to say so. Thero had boon a bill of salo over tho fnrniture, but it was cleared off and rattled. Tho prisoner had . paid tho rent of tho bouse. John B. Davidson salesman to his brother, an auctioneer, proved that thepiisoner brought certain goods to bo sold which wero worth abont £7, and were sold at auction the soma day, realising £4 lCs. 2d. The complainant called at tbe auction Toom be fore all tbe things wero token away, and claimed some, bnt did not forbid their removal. For tbe defence tbe prisoner called Stuart Bell, a bair dresser, living in Berkeloy- street, who remem bered, whilst visitiug the bouse, hearing Mrs. Shepherd say that ber eon-in-law (the accused) need not ho so hard on ber ns to turn her ont, ss sho bad given him all the fnrniture in lien of the rent which be paid. That occurred abont five weoksago. The accused's brother, S. L. Winters, was then called, and gave some extraordinary evidence. He nnnonnced himself as a professional "sword swallower" and contortionist, and per former on tho horizontal bar. Ho had been staying at the Criterion'Hot&l.; The complainant, Mrs. hboplier.!, was a believer in ghosts and spirits, and held conversations with tho latter. On one occasion, whilst ho and his hrotbor (tho prisoner) wore in the house toyothcr, they heard a noire which so aiarmod them that they concealed themselves in a cupboard, taking weapons of defence in case of its being burglars breaking into tbe place. Whilst secreted in tbe cupboard, peeping though tho cracks, thoy satv Mrs. Shepherd and a little girl enter, who forthwith darkened the houso, and called out to the spirits in affectionate terms. The prisoner, (being a bit of a ventriloquist, answered her from tbe cupboard " in a ventrUoquial voice," saying " i'cs, dear," when she asked if a spirit was pre sent. Then Mrs. Shepherd adjured the spirits, and said sho mortally and bitterly hatod her son- in-law, and mentioned in the course of her col loquy with the ghostly beings she was in imagi nation addressing that she was in love with an old "gentleman," who reciprocated her aflcction and would marry her. Mr. Call here interposed with tbo remark, "What was said abont tho furni ture ; to whom did it belong Tho witness then, in n long rambling account of tbe interview be tween Mrs. khephorcl and tho spirits, said the former had distinctly owned to having given np tho furniture, and wanted tbe ghost to aid hor in "putting a bullot through tho prisoner and holping her afterwards if convicted and sentenced to ho hanged for murder to dio like a brave woman." AU tbo while this spiritualistic conversation was going on a jingling noiso was beard in the cabinet, where tho two brothers wero concealed fooling the woman. After listening with extraordinary patiouco to a good deal of this pocnli-r evidence, the bench dismissed the case, and ordered the accused to be eel at liberty. 