THE SCIENTIFIC AUSTRALIAN. HORSES I HAVE KNOWN. {Continued from last week.) BY LUKE SMYLEY. THE number of points upon which a resemblance can be traced between a horse and a general domestic servant are so numerous that I am inclined to think that most servants must have been horses in a former state of existence, aud have developed so rapidly that they have not had time to get rid of the tricks they learned when they were four-futted bastes. It is hard to say whether the old or young horse or general domestic servant is the worst— whether the acquired vices of years, which we prepared for, make them less desirable inmates of the stable or the kitchen, than the spontaneous and undeveloped vices which cause them suddenly and unexpectedly to kick over the traces or break the family crockery. Again, the female of both classes is far more difficult to deal with than the male. You never can be certain of your mare. After two or three years of quietness she may kick or bolt without a moment's warning ; after two or three months is it not the same with Bridget ? The character of one is as little to be depended on as the karackther of the other. And it is a singular fact, well known to horse owners and householders, that the less you give either to do and the more liighly you feed them up the worse they will work and the more rebellious they will be. When I bought Polly everyone thought I had a dead jbargain. A handsome dark bay mai'e, 15\ hands high, sound, fast, ancj. thoroughly quiet, good to ride as well ^as drive, five years old, and could be handled by a child. For the first week or two of my ownership, Polly, in the most artful manner, carried out all the promises that had been made in her name. She acted as Bridget sometimes will do for about the same time, and kept down her vices with a strong hoof. But though Polly couldn't speak her ears were as eloquent as Bridget's tongue, and she soon began to converse to me with them. When she would see people or things afar off on the road, she would point her ears at them as soldiers do when they get the order to "fix bayonets," and remain at the "prepare for cavalry " till the danger was past. When any one would come behind us she would throw her ears back and keep them so till she was overtaken. When there was no one either behind or before she would cock them and throw them back for exercise apparently, or to let me see that she had ears. After about a fortnight Polly became quite indiscriminate in the things she cocked her ears or drew them back at. She looked at a thistle as though it were the ghost of her dam, and appeared to be frightened out of her life at a swallow skimming i>y her. I reduced her oats on the advice of a horsey man, and found that this only led to sulks. She talked as eloquently as ever with.her ears, and lowered her pace from eight to five miles an hour. Slie 'sliied from one side of the road to the other for nothing, and told me as plainly as ears could speak that she wag an ill-used beast. Finding that I would not believe her, she emphasized her ears one day by shying at a bit of paper on the road, kicking like a demon when I remonstrated with the reins, and at last, when she found the pressure of the bit disagreeable, bolting like a hurricane along a busli road, till I was left a gory and palpitating mass of human matter on the opposite side of a fence that chanced to come in our way. Polly and I parted company that day, and I hope never to meet her in harness again. When I was recovered sufficiently to drive, I determined to have a male horse. (How often have we heard our wives say, after an outburst of Bridget, that they would try a, Chinaman. How seldom have they the moral courage to carry out this intention.) It is not difficult to get a horse—within four-and-twenty hours an inhabitant of Melbourne could buy a thousand, just as Tie could hire in the same time a thousand general domestic" servants. Knowing, however, the vices, the faults, and the follies of the two great helpers to man, I must say that I would infinitely prefer letting a thousand Bridgets run roughshod over my premises to taking in hand and driving at random any one of the thousand horses that I might become possessed of. Bridget's bolting does not endanger your life. Your dinner is at her mercy, I admit. She can send you. forth in the morning with shoes unpolished, and chin unshorn. She can ierun the fronts of your shirts so that the masther may feel, as well as the missus, the wrath of Bridget. Crockery and glass may break, beer and whiskey may be stolen, and the house may be a wreck, but so far Bridget is only a destroyer of peace, happiness, and domestic utensils, and she has left to the horse the task of destroying life and limb. * There is something inscrutable in this. Why should man dread an equine more than a human foe ? Woman does not. Ask your wife to go for a drive with you, and though the horse that is to be your motive power may be utterly unknown to you she will smilingly comply. She does not see the danger in the bucker, the jibber, or the bolter that experience teaches you to look for. She will sit beside you brave and cool, while the horse cocks his ears, switches his tail, paws the ground, and utters neighs of defiance to other horses. But are we wiser in our generation ? Do we see the danger when a young and unbroken Bridget appears at the family breakfast table? Is there any instinct in man, that warns him, as our wives are subtly warned, to beware of the appearance of domesticity in the young woman who hands us our toast, puts the milk in our tea, or at our request brushes our coat before we leave the house in the morning ? Before we can take our wives to task for being over confident about horses, we should look within, and see if we are not ourselves sometimes led astray by the appearance of the maiden who waits upon us, and whose vices we have not yet found out. {To be continued) 