The Salvation Army. Sunday, October 26, was a red-letter day for the Salvation Army in Adelaide. The Army and its modes of operation are familiar to most of our readers, but we purpose giving a short sketch of the welcome meetings which have been held during the past few days in the Town Hall. Colonel Ballington Booth is the second son of General Booth whose history is so widely known. First a Wesleyan minister, then an itinerant street preacher, and founder of that vast organisation over which he assumes irresponsible government, and takes the title of General. The Colonel is accompanied by Major Howard whose whole heart and soul seems to be in his work. At seven o'clock on Sunday morning a large number of the soldiers and others assembled for " knee-drill." Short addresses were given, after which the congregation dispersed to meet again at 10 o'clock when a " holiness meeting " was held. Colonel Booth and Major Howard delivered addresses on the subject of holiness which both speakers affirmed was necessary to an active Christian life. A special hymn book had been prepared for use during their Australian tour, and from these a large number of hymns were sung during the meeting. Long before three o'clock in the afternoon the building was crowded to its utmost capacity. On the platform a large number of officers occupied seats, and in each organ gallery a band was stationed. Several hymns were alternately played by the bands, until the Colonel arrived, the singing being led by Staff-officer Hendy, from Victoria. The scene in the hall was an interesting one. Here and there were the red guernseys of the soldiers, a marked contrast to the quieter bonnet and mantle of the sisters. Every inch of standing room was occupied, a large number being unable to gain admittance. When the Colonel and Major entered the building, they were greeted by a burst of "hallelujahs!" Major Howard gave out the hymn—" Sound aloud Salvation," which was sung to the popular tune of " Marching to Georgia." The audience joined in heartily, and at the call of the Major the chorus was repeated again and again. After several prayers had been offered, the Colonel gave out another hymn, and gave a short address expressing the wish that* the General might have been there, and that the partition walls between the various sections of Christ's church might be broken down, and all join heartily in singing " My God, I am Tliine." Major Howard then read the 51st Psalm, explaining it as he proceeded, and dwelt more particularly on the two last verses showing how impossible it was for a man to teach and expound God's laws until he had been instructed himself. The Colonel made an appeal on behalf of the collection, after which personal testimonies were given by a large number of the soldiers. Two of the Indian converts occupied conspicuous positions on the platform, and some notorious characters who have been rescued through the instrumentality of the Army were here and there amongst the audience. In the evening the hall was again crowded, the meeting being very similar to those held in the former part of the day. TUESDAY EVENING. After a march round the town and open-air meeting in the park lands a crowded meeting was held in the Town Hall. His Worship the mayor presided. A number of ministers and laymen from the various churches occupied seats upon the platform. Devotional exercises were conducted by the Colonel and Major, the latter having what he called a " wave offering," himself singing the solo, and the audience waving their handkerchiefs and joining in the chorus. His Worship said it gave him a great amount of pleasure to be present. He would like to see Adelaide the most moral city in the world, and he thought the Army was going the right way to do this. While fully aware that special measures must be used for special purposes, he thought that the "big drum" might be dispensed with. There were many who thought that one in his position had no right to be there. He was glad to be present and show his sympathy with the Army, and to hear of their increasing numbers and prosperity. . Colonel Booth expressed the pleasure he felt in seeing so many present from other churches. Tlie Army was not working in opposition to any one, but simply tried to reach those whom the churches and the ordinary means of working failed to reach. It was against the rules of the Army to beat the big drum during the hours of divine service, and he would try and arrange matters amicably about the other part of the day. He had been asked if he approved of all the means used by tlie Army. He looked beneath all the outer signs at the motive. They all knew that something was wanted to reach the lapsed masses of our vast centres of population. He gave a graphic description of his first meeting in Lancashire. The place was crowded with the lowest and the vilest. Singing and speaking was out of the question. Prayer was tried, and a young girl afterwards obtained a hearing, and the result was that some of the most abandoned were reclaimed. He was glad the Army was becoming more widely known. There waB very little chance of the people of Adelaide forgetting it. When be looked back on the past, his heart swelled with gratitude. Let their motto henceforth be—" All the world for Jesus !" They bad gone from London to Wales and Scotland, and thence to France, Switzerland, and India, In India Major Tucker had donned the native uniform, and with bleeding feet was preaching Christ to the dying Indians. When be saw him, he thanked God for such devotion and self-denial. The Army told no new story. They preached Christ crucified to a dying world. They did not pander to the doctrines and notions that were gaining ground, but were all things to all men. The Training Home in London was under the charge of his sister. Here about 300 were being trained for tlie work, and instructed in Biblical and military knowledge. He gave a parallel description of the Army now and what it was two years ago. At present they had—corps, 36 ; outposts, 30; officers, 65 ; War Cry circulation, 11,000; buildings, 43; and sitting accommodation for 18,000. This was for South Australia alone. He gave the statistics for all parts and estimated the officers at 20,410; soldiers, 216,000 ; and that 9,000,000 were brought under the sound of the Gospel through tlie Salvation Array. He said this with modesty for to God belonged all the glory. He gave a touching account of the devotion and self-sacrifice of some of the officers, and urged upon all a deeper devotion to the cause at heart. Major Howard urged upon all to consecrate themselves fully to the Lord. He would be sorry if the result of the meeting was simply to raise the £600 they needed and nothing more followed. They had been sneeringly called " The Holy Ghost band." He rejoiced in the fact of the presence of the Spirit of God with them. The Army had been accused of ignoring education, but it was not so. Frequently those who had the education held back from fear of ridicule, but if a man or woman was baptised with the Holy Ghost they werefully qualified. They had sung that the Salvation Army was marching along, but that word " marching" seemed scarcely to give the right idea of the progress they were making. He had beenjtold by Dr. Singleton, of Victoria, that many children had been taken away from their parents on account of their unfitness to train them. They had since applied for their restoration to them on the grounds of their reformation, the instrument of which was the Army. He attended a meeting and heard the personal testimony of eleven converts whose sentences averaged twenty years, and who had joined the Army and were steadfast. He was afraid they would rest satisfied with their success. He would say to the members of other churches " stick to your work that God has given you to do." The Colonel called for a collection, and subscription list to raise the needed £600. A number of donations were promised, and read out to the meeting. He asked that tlie doors might be closed, and a subdued hush fell upon the meeting while he called upon all present to consecrate themselves to God. The hymn, " My whole is oil the altar, I am waiting for tlie fire." having been sung again and again, most of the audience followed the Colonel in a consecration prayer, promising to serve God more faithfully than ever. The emotional feeling ran high throughout the meeting. At the call of the various speakers all hands would be raised, and tears stood in many eyes while Major Howard touchingly related the story of a little girl, whose father's cruelty had killed her. The doxology and benediction concluded the meeting. JUDGE NOT.—We have no right to judge others until we know all of the circumstances that influence their conduct. In many cases we might act like those we condemn under like circumstances. A young man employed in a printing-office in one of our large cities incurred the ridicule of the other compositors on account of his poor clothes and unsocial behaviour. On several occasions, subscription papers were presented him for various objects, but he refused to give his money. One day a compositor asked him to contribute for a picnic party, but was politely refused. " You are the most niggardly man, ever employed in this office," said the compositor angrily. "Stop," said the young man, choking with feeling. " You have insulted me." The other compositors gathered around the exeited men. The young man looked at them for a few minutes with a famished look, and a strange fire in his large eyes. " You little know," he said, " how unjustly you have been treating me and accusing me. For more than a year I have been starving myself to save money enough to send my poor blind sister to Paris to be treated by a physician who has cured many cases of blindness similar to hers. I have always done my duty in this office, and have minded my own business. I am sacrificing everything in life for another. Would either of you do as much ? Could anyone do more ?" He had been judged without a knowledge of circumstances. Be slow to censure and condemn. We cannot read the hearts of others, and, in many cases, to know all, is to forgive all. " Judge not, that ye be not judged." THE BEST SCHOOL OF THEOLOGY.—Mr. W. B. Bradlaugh, the brother of the member for Northampton, has just published his Autobiography, and a remarkably interesting narrative it is, bearing on every page the stamp of perfect simplicity of motive and of a sincere desire to promote the highest ends. The writer mentions that one of his earliest attempts to speak as a Christian evangelist after his conversion, was made in Hyde-park, and that as soon as he began to speak the "roughs" commenced to hustle him, and ultimately favoured him wifli a shower of stones. It was in reference to this incident that Dr. Andrew Thomson, of Edinburgh, said: " A shower of stones is the best school of divinity that a man can pass through—better than either Edinburgh or Glasgow; for if stones do not knock theology into a man's head, they are sure to knock it out. And the professors are not able always to do either." The parents of the two brothers Bradlaugh were, it seems, pious members of the Church of England, and the infidel brother was once a Sunday-school teacher. The father was a law stationer, and the future M.P., at the time of his father's death, was a privato in the 7th Dragoon Guards, having enlisted soon after he became a sceptic. Before that time, however, he had been an earnest and indefatigable worker in connection with St. Peter's Church, Haekney-road, in the graveyard of which the father was buried. The life-story of the Christian brother, told with great frankness, confirms the favourable impression which he has never failed to make in every place which he has visited as an evangelist. He has found not a few of his best friends in Scotland, where his work has been largely owned of God in the conversion of souls. The manner in which he speaks of his brother reflects credit on his fraternal feeling.— Leader. 