It was lately unuouiiOTd that the Government bad decided to at length discharge the long-standing; debt due by the colony to Mr. P. F. M'Doxald. | now amounting, with interest and costs, to £21.000 and odd pounds. This annonucement will be a surprise to many persons, who have been under the impression that a debt adjudged due by the highest tribunal in the land must necessarily be either discharged or compounded for in some way by the losfng defendant. And so it would be, were the defen dant a private individual or associa tion. But in this case the Govern ment of the colony are on the losing side, and the ' dignity of the Crown,' or personal feeling, or something has hitherto stood ju the way of their discharging their obligations. As the history of a cause celebre' of now nearly twenty years standing must have waned' into dimness in the memory of the older, and be wholly 'unknown to our younger readers, it will be ' convenient'' as the' lawyers say, to give a brief resume of its salient points. ?: Mr. M'Doxald is, or was, a squat ter, who in 1864 or '65 took up cer tain runs in the Leichhardt district, of which, in consequence of some gross error in the Survey Depart ment, he was subsequently dis possessed. In 1866 an Act was passed compelling the Government to carry into effect any judgment of the Supreme Court for debt or damages awarded to any plaintiff having a claim against the public purse, but excepting from such compulsion any ?'claims or demands arising from the administration of the public hinds prior to the passing of' the Act in question. In the following year 51 ''Donald instituted a suit for damages for the loss he had suffered, and the case came on for trial late in 1S69 when the jury gave a verdict in his favor for £17,000 (nearly). The Government, however, who considered the verdict excessive and seem also to have had other grounds for refusing to abide by it, applied for and obtained a so-called 'arrest of judgment,' and although M'Doxald managed to get his costs, he was left out in the cold as far as (laiaajres are concerned. In 1878 31 'Donald brought a second action for tin; same amount, and in 1880 when the ease was tried obtained another verdict for the more moder ate amount of £13,700 and costs. It is but due io the plaintiffto state that before taking action in thesuit which resulted in his scoring this second victory, he had offered to compromise his claim for £S000, which Sir. Pa i.mer'?; Cabinet, however, refused to accede to. It might have been supposed that the Government' of the day, now twice defeated, would have shewn suHk'ieut respect for the au iJiojity of their own Court, to pay the siinr it had awarded ; but through home unaccountable animus against Mr. M'Dokaij), whohadinthemeai] time entered .Parliamentas an Oppo sitionist, they sheltered themselves ?bi.'hiM the questionable plea thatthe claim had arisen prior to the passing of the Act of j 860 before referred to, and boldly proclaimed their intention not to pay a penny of the awari The latter, however, though almost- for- gotten, has remained in full force; and not only so, but has all along been carrying interest at the rate of 8 per cent., which now brings up the amount to very little under £22,000. The difference between this sum and the £8000 for which Mr. M'Dokalw was willing, six years ago, to aban don all further proceedings, is £H,000, a needless loss to the public exchequer for which the public have only to thank the stubborn and deli berate unfairness of the late Ministry. Even on the low ground of expedi ency — supposing it, for a moment, possible to urge that economy has to be regarded rather than justice — their conduct is utterly indefensible. Claims against the Government onco substantiated and placed beyond the shadow of a doubt as Mr. M'Donald's has been, ought to be settled with the same promptitude and exactness as would be expected of. any business firm.- To leave unexecuted, a. -judg- ment of the highest tribunal in the; laiidisa 'contempt1- of Court' the more flagrant and mischievous since1 it substitutes might for right aij3 thus' sets an example of insubordination and lawlessness iu high .places which' cannot fail to weaken the general re spect for constituted authority. As for the wretched plea of economical administration, which will of course ,bo trotted out prominently by the Opposition in the course of their comments on the action taken by the present Government to close the account with Mr. Macdonald once and for all, it breaks down pitifully ; as all pleas of economy not based on honesty, necessarily do. Economy is genuine and beneficial only so long as the money alleged to be saved is one's own to save, if it is obtained by cheat ing others out of their due, robbery, not economy, is the proper term to use. And a surplus bolstered up with unrighteous plunder is a very dangerous legacy to leave to auy country. Public creditors have tena cious memories and a tenacious grip. They are keen to probe the weak spots in the Executive or Legislature, and have a smart appreciation of the advantage to be derived even from the ceaseless lapse of time and of the partial oblivion it brings with it. Interest, like trees, grows while men sleep, and at eight per cent a princi pal sum, small or great, is soon doubled. Then a time always conies when the Executive, the Legislature, the country at large, alike weary of tlie iucubu'sof a perpetually haunting liability, and yearn to lay the un quiet ghost. And when the account is made up, and it becomes evident how heavily the mere delay has told in swelling the debt, public opinion, too supine before, at length recog nises how much cheaper, pleasanter and more honorable it would have been to discharge the obligation at the time it was incurred. 