HB BAISED HIS WAGES. \Í An EngUBh sportsman engaged a strong, powerful, red-Leaded Highlander to act as gamekeeper on hu English estate. The Highlander having been a bon« siderable time at his post before there was any prose-; oution of poachers, his master began to suspect that af ter all the north countryman was not sucha good hand at oatohing poachers as he had been led to behove. Determined to find ont whether he was vigilant or not, the gentleman one dark night dis guised himself, took a fowling piece, and went ont to poaoh on his own grounds.. He had not fired above a shot or two when he was sudddnly pounced upon from behind, the gun wrenched from his hand, his precious person subjected to a perfect hurricane of kicks, ouffs, and blows, and harder ' Gaelic epithets, whereby he was knocked down and rendered half insensible. On being able to explain who he was, the gamekeeper evinced great sorrow, asked a thousand pardons, and explained to his honour-" Ye see, I likes aye to send them hame wi' a sarkfu' o' sair banes, an' then they dinna come back in a hurry ; because, you see, they oanna, for some o' them yer honour are maistly ready fox their coffin by the time they get hame, an eyne they dinna gie us ony mair bother ava." The English sports man went home, took to his.bed, hovered'between life and death for a fortnight, reoovered at last, and raised his gamekeeper's wages 50 per cent» -. A BKÏ-MGHT : The Bun. Always happy to meet friends : Butchers.,?? t ? The most steadfast followers of our fortunes'-Our creditors. Although the lower animals cannot talk; they ate nearly all tail-bearers. " .- . ' ' " Beauty is kin deep," remarked the old bean as he kissed his pretty cousin. . \- Cannibals never eat a disputatious man, for fear he will not agree with them. Shirt-ironers are great peace-makers, . -They alway« try to smooth everything over. . A. : Bural performers on brass mstruraànts; were 20 yeara ago, country-band of war. ' ' " Do take some more of the vegetables, Mr. Blood* for they go to the pigs anyway." ;í : y "I go to join my patients," said the good oki doctor, as he passed peacefully away. i ri. - When a girl has lost her apirita she doesn't stand» ghost of a chance. No one can reBpeotire. Two things that do not need aman to oonduoHhera -a bobtail oar and a strong- minded woman. What a fine, open countenance you have %iid. Jonah, when ho waa introduced to the whale. '" ; When isa ChineBe the moBt like a'.vege table Pr-. Why, when a cue cumbers his head, of course. » ! Little Jack-" My mamma's new" fan/ is ihaiid painted." Little Dick-" Pooh ! Who oares ? .0!ur whole fence is." .U/h; .: y TheBmall boy who hanga round the parlour apd makes faoea at bis sister's beau BüouW bo pqnished for contempt of court. . ?:V ;;. ! If we were asked what thyBioiau stood ab the fcpp of hia profession, we ahouid say it waa the cen tierna» who was in the habit of attending .''.patientiT.on^ * monument." ;: ' ""5 ; A contemporary introduces a uiece-ef -poetry with these wôrda:-"The following linesVwere written more than 50 years ago, by one who ïias .formany years slept in hia grave, merely for his own amuse ment." " * The music maater says very affably V" Now, y<pn Bee, ohildren, ina march we always haye four beats to a measure, to. accommodate the step ; for $';¿pb*t know of anything that has three feet; except a milk«' ina stool.'" " Or a yard stick," added el bright ü$f* girl ia th© back tow. t 