GEOFFREY STIRLING. BY MBS. LEITH ADAMS. PART II.—CHAPTER VII. (Coutinuid) Was he not in truth laj ing his heart bare 1 Did she not know he was thinking of Hilda as he talked ? Did she r.ot hold in her hand the magnet that should draw him to the White House when she would, and (as love that has hope to live upon, never stands still, but." must ever be taking a step forward) would not the power .of the maanet grow until all other influences, however potent, should pale beside Hilda's ? "If this is so," said Hester, passing over unnoticed the concludin,. n^-pody of Davey's last speech; "if Mr. Ut^iV•. y misses the bright presence of his son so li, is it not strange that he sends the boy roaming all over the world?" " Yes; I have often thought 60." " What do you think is his reason for so much self-sacrifice " I cannot telL" _ Tap, tap, went the bobbins on their silken bed, having all the talk to themselves for awhile since the other two kept eilence. Davey, leaning his head upon his hand, watched the wood embers fall and glow, in the old fashion of the old days when Mother Suean used to look upon him with awe, thinking he was "wi* Dickory." And, though the bobbins never ceased their soft low clatter, Hester Devenant waiohed him keenly for a moment or two. Then she broke into new ground. " How glad you were when Mr. Geoffrey made old Anthony his steward ] Such a letter as you wrote me, Davey, and yet I could not help fancying jon felt as if you were forgotten—left out in the cold—still doomed to add up the corn-merchant's books, •with your heart up at Dale End, with master and agent." " Perhaps I did, but I was sure Mr. Geoffrey would think of me in the end, and so he did, you see; and then. Mrs. Devenant, I got the best of it—didn't It' Davey smiled in his beard at the thought of having got the better of old Anthony, and the smile, climbing to his eyes, made them very sweet and bright, and no more dreamy and wistful as when looking at the fire. " You mean that you live with Mr. Geoffrey ?" said Hester, pushing the curtain, near which she sat, further back, for the day was waning fast, and kcemaking requires lisrht. "Yes; Anthony has quite a fine house, and dear old Mrs. Geddes walks * in silk attire,' but I—I am nsar my master always." " Yon make an excellent Secretary, Davey, I doubt not—BO neat-handed as you are, ana with such a head for figures." "I try to be more than that to Mr. Geoffrey. 1 try to make up to him for the loss of Master^ Ralph when he is away. I watch and wait, and seize upon any little thing that comes in my way, aid seems a possible thing to do for him. It makc.3 me very happy if he Eeems to find any comfort in me." " But you speak of Mr. Geoffrey as if he were one who stands in need of comfort— v ho is preyed upon by some secret sorrow that bears him to the ground; not as if he were—as every one says he is—the luckiest man in all the country-Bide." " Do I ?" said Davey. " Have I spoken of him like that, or is it you who read the thoughts of my heart like an open book?" " Then you have thought it might be so ? You have fancied some secret grief weighs upon his heart and conscience ?" " His heart, yes; his conscience, no. Nothing can weigh on the conscience save sin, and which of us can show cleaner hands —a lovelier life? Which of us can lay claim to having garnered up so much love, so mucli reverence, from those around us, as my dear master, Geoffrey Stirling!" The bobbins no longer tapped light heels, and danced upon_ their silken bed. The cushion was set aside. It was " blind man's holiday" now—that pleasant hour " Detwesn the lights," when the most industrious deem it no crime to be idle awhile. Mrs. Devenant sat still, with quiet hands folded, while the cat purred on the rug at her feet, and the shadows born of fire- lignt began to nicker on the dark oak panels and on "the low ceiling, and all the goblins on the mantel-sheli (relations, it will be remembered, of Rilph's goblin on the stairs), stirred and gibed in the Sicker of the flame. So still was Mrs. Devenant, so still the room after Davey had done speaking, that the rush of the river almost seemed to have come close up under the window. Like a silhouette against the long breadth of faintly lighted casement, Davey could see the beautifully poised head and gracious profile of the woman who had chosen him out from among his fellows to make him her trusted friend ; but he could not see her face—so rapidly had the light faded—or he might have been startled at the strange and unwonted expression it wore. A look of pity—nay, more, of compunction and bitter regret, and yet, overlying the rest like a veil, an unfaltering, implacable resolve. So might the inquisitor of old have looked upon a young and zealous adherent of a doomed creed, regretful that the torture was inevitable, though never once wavering in the resolve to apply it. " Davey, you are a warm lover, would you be as good a hater. I wonder ?" The wordB startled him, breaking abruptly as they did on the silence. " I don't know," he said ; " I never tried. It would be horrible really to hate any one— I mean BO that you would gladly bring them to Bhame and sorrow, or see them surfer and not try to help them, since Christ died for all." The last five words were spoken softly, almost under his breath, as if he were touching some thought so deep and holy it must needs be handled timidly. Mrs. Devenant pressed back the rippling hair from her temples. She was conscious of a sense of oppression—an air surrounding her in which she could not breathe freely. " There is such a thing as wrong that cannot be forgiven," she said, rising into sudden passion, as her way was when much moved. " By man—yes, by God—no," put in Davey in the same hushed voice in which he had before spoken. " God judges sin as hardly as man." " Yes; there are some sins he hates more than otherB, such as pride and revenge—sins that rear themselves up against himself, as it were. But surely there is no sin beyond forgiveness, since Christ died" Here Davey paused, appalled at the result of his words. " What have I said ? Have I made you angry, dear Mrs Devenant ?" fie might well be aghast, for Hester, with sundry in. rticulate sounds as of passionate anger but i i-restrained, had started to her feet, and w as pacing the room from end to end, twisting and contorting in her restless hands the handkerchief she had taken from her pocket, and for a moment pressed against her lips as if to stem the torrent of words that panted for egress. Seeing that Davey was gravely perturbed —was, in fact, standing by the mantel-shelf —the picture of mingled amaze and distress, she came to his side, laid her hand on his shoulder, and laughed. Such a laugh, that instead of being reassured by it, Davey shrank back against the sculptured goblins almost as if he were clinging to them for protection. Be J:ad heard of Hester Devenant's tempw, but never, through all the long years of their friendship, had he seen a display of it until now. The experience was painful, and Davey was an Israelite in whom there was no guila. HeBter's Bhrewd eyes read his face aright. Her influence had received a shock. Her power must be reinstated, and that promptly. " Davev, I am irritable and out of sorts to-day. Forgive me, dear. Above all, don't talk like a Methodist; it sets all my teeth on edge." The grave questioning eyes seemed hard to meet, shining as they did in the firelight, and holding a strange awful something in their depths that reminded her of—yes, the look in Gabriel's, her husband's, when first he stood face to face with the demon that possessed his wife. But Davey was coming round—rapidly, too. Who can gauge the charm of that one word "dear" utteied by a woman so little given to caress or words of tenderness? Besides, was not Davey looking at, judging her who waa Hilda's mother? The recollection of that one fact brought palliation with it, and Hester's unwonted tenderness completed the spell. She would not speak to him like that, thought Davey, knowing as she must know all his heart, unless, knowing she was ready to smile upon his hopes, if Hilda would. Of that aspect of the matter Davey, as yet, dared not even trust himself to think. He was hardly reconciled to the fact of his own boldness m daring to love that stately maid, much less could he bring himself to dare to hope for a return of this venturesome love of his. Time alone could tell how that would bi— time and loving service UDOU his part, humbly laid at the loved one's feet. Meanwhile the utterance of that one little word "dear" seemed to Davey au omen of surpassing blessedness. Hester had spoken it (or so lis thought) just in the tone a mottic-r might use to a well-beloved son. Was he not in very truth that, in heart to her, already ? Why then should he be so prompt to judc,c her ? Thinking these thoughts he s»ni!od, r an.l Hester, quick to catch the liapyiy chauac of mood, smiled back. The gusty etorm was over. Peace reigned once more supreme. The two stood by the file, in close company with the -jibing goblins. " So you and Mr. Geoffrey have Dale End all to yourselves?" said Hester presently. Apparently she had aB much difficulty in dragging her thoughts away from Dale End as Davey oftentimes experienced in disentangling his from the White House and its inmates. " Yes, but we shall not have it for long. Christmas is not far off now, and then Master Ralph will be home. It will be a sad homecoming enough for him, God knows, to find his poor mother gone and his father looking so worn aud ill. But one can see how Mr. Geoffrey is looking forward to it for all that. He's in and out of the boy's room a dozen times a day, and it's always ' we'll do this,' and ' we'll do that' when Ralph comes." " Your being away when Mrs. Geoffrey died was a pity; you might have been a great help and comfort." "I don't know; there is little lack of help or comfort either when the Vicar or his wife are about a place. Mrs. Geoffrey couldn't bear her out of her sight, and he was with my master pretty near night and day. Old Anthony used to be there a good deal, and be says he never saw such comfort given in time of trouble. I was the best help where I was, seeing to a lotof businessfor Mr. Geoffrey in London." " You are growing quite a traveller," " Yes, and I like it, too, and Mr. Geoffrey says I manage the business well, and to his satisfaction. I would travel thousands of miles to hear him say that at the end of it, and think ncthing of the journey, that would I. This time I had pleasant company coming home, for Amos Callender had been south buying hides, and we travelled home together. He's a man worth listening to, with a gift of pithy speech that takes my fancy marvellous well. By-the-way, I saw him again a day or two ago (Mr. Geoffrey is giving a prize for window gardening, and Old Bess is proud of her show, so I went to see the sight), ard he was telling me of this foolish, talk about a ghost having been seen up our way. I hope such gabble won't reach the master's ears, nor Hilda's either for matter of that. It might fright her to think of it, coming heme from Mrs. Deane's of an afternoon now the days draw in so." " Who saw this ghost ?' " Jeremy Bindwhistle first., and then three or four of them together—little Jake among the rest." " Jake'is a shrewd fellow!" " Yes, and so is Farmer Dale an hone3t one." " You say true in that, Davey. He once offered to do me a good turn I have not forgotten. He sings hymns with a lusty voice I can tell you." " It would be hard to beat Jake at that game," Eaid Davey, laughing. "But where did they see this ghostly thing 5" "In the Dale End shrubbery, where the vroodland skirts the road." " Whose ghost was it ?" " The ghost of the man who robbed the Bank, so they say." Hester's breath began to come in little gasps, and she clutched hold of the goblin mantelshelf. " Why, I have frightened you with all tills nonsense," said Davey, with concern, " No, no," she said; " tell me more. Why did they say it was that ?" " Because it wore a wagoner's frock, and had red locks hanging about its face ; and, don't you remember, at that time there was some talk about a man in a" " Yes, yes; but why did they take it for a ghost? Surely, some poor fellow on the tramp" "They say it had the face of a dead man, and a dead man's eyeB, wide, staring, blind." She sat down auickly in a low chair by the hearth, crouching over the fire, and leaning her forehead on her open palms. He thought he read but too well the cause of her agitation. His. own unthinking folly had brought it all about. She was trembling from head to foot. Poor Davey could see her shadow vibrate on the wall. He knelt beside her, pleading for himself. " I ought not to have told you such things, I ought to have remembered how you have suffered in the past. Do forgive me before I go, for go I must—I have overstayed my time as it is." She lifted her face to his, and there he saw —not that he had thought to see, a tearful pallid cheek and timid eye; but the glitter and fire of fierce and cruel joy. " There is nothing to forgive," she said, still all a tremble, but not with fear; " I love to hear a ghost-story. When you hear more of this one, come and tell it me, and—Davey —Hilda shall listen too." 