SUPERNATURALISM IN THE POLIOS OOUET. An amuriog caso was heard yesterday after noon at. the City Polio-' Court, before the Police Magistrate, Mr. Call (says the Jge of Hep* toniber i7). A youtg man of respectable ap pearance, named Hairy Claude Winters, de- ■ scribed as a gymnast, .was charged by his mother-in-law, Mrs. Klizaboth bhephsrd, with stealing- her furniture, which she valued at £40. Mr. Morgan appeared for the prosccu lion. Tho complainant, an elderly woman, who had taken out a warrant and had the prisoner arrested, said she was a widow, and earned her living as a dressmaker, the used to live at 4 Pelham- atreefr, Carlton. The prisoner and his wife lived there also, as he had no home of his own. On the 16th July she left tho louse to go it to service, the prisoner having chargo of tho furniture. On tho 16th instant, having left her plice, she went back to tho house to see if all was right, when she found the. home empty and discovered that all the furniture had been removed to an auction room in Bourke*street. She wentthere and saw several things which belonged to her. In• cross-examination by tho accused she ad mitted having, told him. tbo night before he wab married, that his wife was not really her daughter, and that tbo girl's mother was in KDgl'jnd. She would swear now that the girl ' was her daughter. The reason she told prisoner the falsehood was that the girl, who was a notorious liar, had begged of her to say so There had be*u a bill of sale over tho furniture, buV it was cleared off and settled. Tbo prisoner bad paid tho lei.t of the house. John B. Davidson, salesman to his brother, an auctioneer, proved that the prisoner brought certain goods to be sold, which wore worth , about £7, and were sold at auction tbo simo day, realising £416s. 2d. Tho complainant called at the auction room before all the things were taken away, and claimed some, but did not forbid their removal. For the de fence tbo prisoner called Stuart Ball, a hair* dresser, liviug in Bcrkclsy-atrest, who remem bered, whilst visiting the house, hearing Mrs. Hhephord say that hor son in law (the accused) need'not be eo hard on her as to turn her out, ai she had given him all the furniture in lieu of the rent which he paid. That occurred about five weeks ago The accused's brother, 3. L. L. Winters, was then called, and gave some extraordinary evidence. Ho announced himself as a professional " sword shallower" and ccn tortioniet, and performer on the horizontal bar. He had been staying at the Criterion Hotel. The complainant, Mrs. Shepherd, vrasabeliever in ghosts and epiri's. and held conversations with the latter. On one occasion, whilst he and his brother (tho prisoner) were in the house together, they heard a noise which so alarmed them that they concealed themselves in a cup board, taking wrapons of def'neo in ca«e of its being burglars breaking into the place. Whdst Fcercted in the cupboard, peeping through the cracks, they saw Mr?. Shephord and a little girl inter, who forthwith darkened the house, and called out to tho spirits in affec tionate terms. . The prieoner, bring a bit of a ventriloquist, answered her from the cupboard "in a ventriloquial voice." saying " Yes, dear," when she asked if a spirit was present. rJ hen Mrs. Shepherd adjured the spirits, tnd said she mortally aid bitterly hated hor son-in-law, and mentioned in the course of her colloquy with the ghostly beings she was in imagination addressing that the was in love with an old "gentleman'' who reciprocated her affection and would marry hor. Mr Call hero interposed with ilia re mark, "What was said about the furni'.urey to whom did it beloDg?" Tho witness then, in a long rambling account of tho intsrviow be tween Mrs. Shepherd and the ppirits, said the former had distinctly owned to having given up the furniture, and wanted the ghost to aid her in " putting a bullet through tho prisoner and helping her aftcrwar. s if convicted and sentenced to be hanged for mu'dcr to die like a brave woman." All tho while this spiritual istic conversation was going on a jingling noiie was heard in the cabinet, where tho two brothers were' concealed fooling tho woman. After listoning with extraordinary patience to a good deal of this poculiar evidence, the bonch dismissed the case, and ordered the occussd to be act at liborty. A Beak Bscapb.—A Sydney paper is re sconeiblo for]tho lollowing:—When Cooper and Bailey's menagerie visited Wagga Wagga. a back clerk of that Tichbornian province had the ill iuck to be smitten by the very pretty d&ught;^r'of tho very witty clown. Not many wore the opportunities afforded the fast and fearivo spark of pmsing his suit with tbo coy gipgv maidon, but Cupid invariably laughs at lack of opportunity fcr importunity. The favour of an introduction was an advantage Ettained without groat difficulty, ur:d us tho ardent suitor commenced to force the pace after tho fashi-in of un ill disciplined racehoree, it was not long before bo asked tie honour of a ttte d ttte, vhcro they might4 meet by moon bght alone," and " far from 1 ho madding crowds ignoble strifo." High were J»ia hopes, ana giy wai bis pie in of prri?c, when ths damsel told him that tho would meet him while tho performance was en if lie would sccak round to the back of hor fa'hcrV tent and vault ovor the calico enclosure at tho side. At tho np poin'ed time a bystander, peering over the en closure waa shocked lo *ee what appeared to be a young man vigorously hugged by a damsel ma ; wjiit* robo that shall be nameless. "Have j some decency in you," shouted tho uninvited ! Hibornian onlooker, " and go and put more clothes on you —What inoro he would have aaid wwtdrowncdin the moans of tho youngnmn, and closer inspection showed Unit he was buuig hugged, DOlbyadaroselin"deshabille/ butbya iam« white bear. Thoorios brought tho clown I and hia daughter to the spot, and the young : iron escaped with a few scratches on his nock ■ and on his body the print of tho clowns big >c*t boot. Tho worldly education of tbo fir : cut- had not hem bentowod in vain on tho clown t} 1 pretty daughter* 