FICTION. . (Prom Eujlliti. American, and olliar Periodical«.) PART 2.-CHAÇIER VU.-(Continued.) And then, without knowing she had left Basil Ttevalyan to go headlong to his doom, Violetta, flitted swiftly up the moonlit road and widened the gulf that yawned between them. At the ourve^by the bit of woodland, she encoun- tered the co iel)man, and called to him to stop. He looked down at her in surprise, and his face reddened suddenly. " Oh, mademoiselle, is it you ?" he called out, as he reined in the horses, and scrambled down the box. " I-I thought I was in excellent time. You said to teach Glandore Court at two, and I'm quite sure it isn't that yet." "You are ri¿ht, Popples, it isn't," Violetta made reply, as she stepped into the vehicle, and sank back in the silken cushions. "I was not feeling well, and I left before I expected to, I have been waiting on the road for some time, but the fault was not yours.'' CoBChee expressed delight at the assurance, and had turned to remount the box, when Violetta ex- tended her hand and beckoned bim to her. "One moment/' she called out eoitly. " Popples, does any one know st what hour you left Eingedean Abbey P" "Not a soul, my lady." "And you have met no one belonging to Glandore Court?" I " No one, mademoiselle. I only saw a ragged fel- low on the road-a beggar, I think-and he asked me to give bim a lift es far as the upper curve. Fortunate be didn't ask it for longer ?" «WhyP» " The traces broke there, mademoiselle, and while I was a mendin' on 'em, be scrambled down, wished me good-night, and hurried away. Him and Mile. Mignon netta is the only ones as knows I'm out. The servants is all abed st the II abbey, and the poor covy, he'd tramped it all the way from Flam borough Head- leastwise, that's what he told me; but there hain't never no dependence to be placed on beggars. But this un, he looked and acted like a teg'lar out-and-out nob, mom-'peered like one as 'ad seed better days." Yioletta's face wns a little pale. Beyond a doubt this tramp was the mm sha had seen enter the grounds of Glandore Court. " Did you hold any conversation with him ?" she asked, eagerly, and Pépies s lu ok his head, " Blees you, no, my lady,"¿he replied, " I knows the vally o' my sittywashun better nor to talk to étrangers mademoiselle-I was cotichee to a Hearl onct: Besides, the feller was as close-mouthed as a boyBter, and never hopened his lips arter he'd got on the box" "You aro sure, then, be was not connected with Glandore Court." " Sure'a bepgs, mum. I'vo only been at Kings dean fur three months, but I knows all the Glandore ' help,' and he ain't one on 'em ; that I'll swear. Why, my lady ? ' "Because," answered Violetta. " I have urgent reasons for not wishing the hour I left Glandore Court to be known. I believe you said something about wishing to visit a sick cousin at Whitby, some day this week, didn't you F" "Yes, malem ¡stile," responded Popples. "I .wanted to esk for a day hoff." "You may go to-morrow, and make it three days, murmured Violetta ; " and if you would like a five pound note to pay your expenses, let it be generally understood that I reached Kingsdean Abbey at eleven o'clock to-nigbt, and the carriage never carne after me. You understand, do you not ?" "I understand-jes, mademoiselle," responded Popples, " You got back at six, if you like me to say so." " Eleven is the hour," his mistress made answer. "Drive back now as quickly and as silently as you know how." Sbe closed the door as she spoke, end sank back in the cusbitns. Popples touched his hat, scram- bled up to the box without another word, and in an incredibly short time mademoiselle Violetta was being rattled down the road in the direction of Kingsdean Abbey. It was half-past two when Popples sprang down . from the box, opened tha gntes, and led the horses into the broad court-yurd, and the house was wrapped in darkness, save whero one solitary light glittered in the window of the tower clumber, look- ing like a feeble little star peeping out of the ivy that wreathed the old abbey like a shroud, Or, per- haps it might be more apropos to say, looking like a "ghost-lamp" flickering in the dingiest and drea- riest of mansions possible to conceive; for Kings dean Abbey had been built during the reign of " good Queen Bess" (why " good," we are not able to etate), and boasted of thoBe old peaks, and tow- ers, and turrets, with wings and gable-ends cropping 'out everywhere-in which uncomfortable-looking, hunchbacked, rheumatic-suggestive, architecture, the subjects of Elizabeth found-or, fancied they had found-the acme of beauty in piling wood, and iron, and brick together, so that your head was banged here, your nose was barked there, and a Bhutter j whacked you somewhere else, if you forgot that this monument of bsouty bad the convulsive propensity of bumping out everywhere you least expected it, and dropping in where you thought it would bulge ont. « Violetta looked up at the window of the tower chamber, as the carriage halted, and a smile came iver her pale lips. - " Mignonnette h waiting," she murmured, softly ; " dear Mignonnette ! she never forgets me, never Catires until I am under the roof. You have the beys, of course, Popples ? Open the doer ; and re- member, I reached Xingsdeon at eleven o'clock." "Yes, my lady," returned the man, and assisting lils mistress up the steps, he unlocked the ponderous floors and swung them open, Violetta had expected to find the corridor quite dark, but a light was there, and looking up, she be- held a woman of six or eight-and-twenty standing on the broad staircase, with a lamp in her hand* Bbe was vary beautiful, this woman, but there wet a CBttiiin look of sadness over that beauty, and look- ing closer, you Baw that she leaned upon a crutch, and tbat one withered limb hung limp and useless beside its mate. Violetta ran up the steps, took the lamp from her hBnd, and kissed her with a siBterly tenderness. "You are down quickly, Mignonnette," she sud "Tbe carriage has only just entered the court- yard." " But I saw it while it was yet a quarter of a mile down the read," Mignonnette made reply; " I have been watching for its return ever since it went away I Bent your maid to bed with the others, and waited to help you disrobe myself. Here we are-your b udo'r is ready to receive its queen, dear." They passed through a door to the left of the pass gage, and Mignonnette set down the lamp. It was a bright little boudoir this, and fitting such dainty beauty as Violetta'*; with walls of palest blue draped with Brussels lace ; panels of silver filigree work ; quaint Sevres Vf ses ; little gems of art in frames of frosted silver, and chairs that were like blue nooks, with frost- white clouds about them, scattered over the softest and daintiest of velvet carpets, with mirrors that shone out from clouds of lace and showed you how you looked front, and back, and sideways, and the odor of Parma violets filling all the air. Violetta closed the door, struck a match, and lighted an additional lamp-an odd little thing, all Cupids and blue flowers, that cost twenty pounds in Lomdon-and then sank down in one of the soft silken chaira. " It wflB foolish of you to sit up so long, Mignon- nette," she said. " ïou are wasting your strength, dear ; for the doctor told us in Paris that you must retire early, and get all the rest possible." Mignonnette laid aside her crutch, and sank on her knees at mademoiselle's feet. "Rest, Madolinl" she said, tenderly. "Do you think I could rest while you are away ? 'Look nt me -poor, miserable cripple that I am, I nm the creat» turo of your bounty, and I love you aa a dog mi"'Ut love its master. Life has no brightness left to give me ; 3 ou are all I care for, all I want to have near me, and without you the world is void. This is not much like Nellie- Mignonette D'Courcey, is it ? not much like the little actress who loved the world and all it had to give ber ? And still less am I like the giddy, foolieh creature who learned to love you OD the Europa, end nursed you after he was drowned. When we parted that Christmas-time in London, I said if you ever needed a friend, you would find one in me. I didn't foresee the accident which has made me a useless cripple-I never dreamed that you would stand my friend instead of vic» versa, and it is little I can do to repay your kindness. Time was when I could, but not now, I am only a cripple for life, only a friend in name." Mademoiselle stooped and kissed tbe beautiful, wistful face. " You were a friend in deed as well ss name, Mlg nonnete," she said, tenderly: "and but for you what should I have done in this big, cold, empty world ? You nursed me on shipboard, paid my bills in London, sent, me money to return to you when my father cast me off, and you persuaded the manager to try me as a debutante. It is to your tire- less devotion, to your teaching, Mile. Violetta owes her success as an actress and Madolin Trevelyan owes her gratitude as a woman. You are my sister, Mignonnette, and neither sunshine nor shadow shall sunder us to the end." 0 And the little actress that had stood her friend when Basil Trevelyan had been lost at sea lifted her beautiful, smiling face and murmured, softly : " I will live for you, Madolin, and I will die for you if need be." Mademoiselle made no reply. She heard the words, however, and in after years she liked to re- member bow Mignonnette had looked then-liked to recall the soft voice that spoke, to her, and the face that looked up to hera in the yellow lustre of lamp-light that night in the blue boudoir. Mignonette drew closer and laid her clasped hands on mademoiselle's knee. "But you haven't told me how you succeeded, Madolin," ehe said, "You haven't told me what the Earl of Glandore said, nor what you have dis- covered relative to the title you should bear, dear. Ob, Madolin, Madolin, have you found your name t Has the prayer of my life been answered at last ? Madolin shivered a little and let her head fall back cn the cushioned seat. "God pity me, yes!" she uttered hoarsely. "I trusted n villain, Mignonnette- there is no Earl of Glandore. The man who bears the title is an im- postor, a usurper, for he holds my rights-holds my proofs I am Countess of Glandore, and Basil Trevelyan was the Earl." And then, while Mignonnette listened in mute, white.wonder to her words, she told her the story as we have lived it through with her, dear reader. "You see how it is now, Mignonnette," she con- cluded, in a weary voice. " My own hands have again closed the gates of happiness before me, and if Francois* D'Lorme fails to secure those papers, Heaven only knows what will be the end. I cannot sleep for thinking of it. He comes at ten to-morrow and I shall watch the clock till then, Go to your chamber, dear, and pray for me. I can't talk now ; I want to be alone-I want to think 1" She arose as she spoke, threw off her brilliant ball, robe, and drew on a wrapper of ivory-white silk, with creamy point at the throat and wrists and a knot of pale violets in the folds at her waist. Mig- nonnette made no dissent. Reaching for her crutch she fitted it to her shoulder, and hobbled to the door. "Good-night, Madolin, darling," she murmured softly, turning and looking back at the beautiful figure standing there in the mellow lamp-light. "I am going to pray for your happiness ; I am going to esk Heaven for the power to aid you, dear 1" Madolin had not spoken ; she stood in the centre of the room with her lower- like face drooping, and Mignonnette quietly crossed the threshold and closed the door behind her. Madolin breathed out a long sigh when she stood alone, and lifted her eyes to the silvered dial of the clock. " There !" she said, in a low voice. " Seven hours to W8it- seven hours to watch, before I learn what the morrow holds I" She put out the light and moved to the window, thrusting the curtains aside and letting the pale rays of the waning moon float in about her. She knelt in the mullioned window, ber head against the carved post, and looked down on the restless silver of the sea-waiting for daylight, waiting for the morrow that wes to dawn so darkly. And, kneeling thus, she heard the door open, and looked up quickly to find Mignonnette again in the room. Even in the pale splendor of moonlight she could see that the face of the cripple was very white and that she shivered es she entered. 8he made a movement to rise, but Mignonnette was beBide her too quickly for the effort to be com- pleted. " Don't Btir, don't get up, dear," she said, tenderly, " I have only come back for a good-night kiss. I I suppose I am very foolish, but when I left you just row, I felt that a cloud came between us, and I saw you drifting away from me. I couldn't leave yon ; I had to come back, KÍBS me, and say good-night now, dear 1" "Good-nigbt, Mignonnette, my siBter " Madolin uttered, saltly, and in the light of the summer moon, they kissed and parted. Madolin sinking back on the broad ledge of the window, Mignonnette hobbl- ing up the darkened corridor to the loneliness and the gloom of the tower chamber, neither of them thinking, neither of them dreaming what the mor- row held, And so the night wore on. Silver was on the ocean, shadow was on the land, and under the domes of Glandore Court a tragedy was being enacted, while the world slept calmly on. j 