IHovcHet. ' ; : Tom Glanders ofSqnatters'Gnlcli. A eionr cp coiiOnAuo.' Tins Stranger was drunk. ;' Thoro /was no ' mistaking it. Ho wnEjataohgly. ' Thoro wad no room for' a donbt of that either. ' Pliycio- nlly, ' mentally, 'morally, ho was both drank and ugly. Tha/hilarious, patrono of tho tarantula Baloonz had for come hoars been watching his inoreaaing opolsricc of alcohol- ism and -combativonesa with ' that ! interest, wliidh always : markcjl 'them when prospeots : ota flght-becameprominont. InSqnhttors'; Onlofa a fight waa.oa.f ullot . at traotivonoBB .as' ; a strawberry festival' notoriously is in. n New; England -viUogoi: '. The, sturdy pitonsor : who conducted the local theatro had ' been' known to tnko advantage oi this fact with great fieanoiaV prbQt to,himselt.\ VBeing aware that' two of tho most enorgbtia warriors'of.tko but-, roubding. oonntry had'. eworn to .carve . and otherwiao romldr i caoh other;. tho ravereo-: of ornamontal.orovea nscfnl,thoflrot timo thoy sboilld moot,, this'genial person: sont/caoh of thorn a loompUmontary.tiokot to ibis-/ hall: Ho.tlion caused to bo, alraulacedi the report that thoy were to be presdntat tha 'Alhambra Palac'o— adeh ; woo . tho resplendent" title by which - his roBott .was known to looal famo— upon llio', avpning "following. Hie-loBsea had been ( severs; : ; Thd inhabitants of Squatters' : Gulcli had. no .iondncEa for.dramatfo art as hero intarprcteu. "Maohoth," ..." Hamlot," &'nd-,,8ar<laHapnlun," performed by six per- sonep/had ho.;attrabtiona,,for, their .'eordid Ecnsea.:;7 .Tharoloro.'ho had lost' monoy.' But. hiab revorooB .were', amply,? sot.' right by, ;tfao stroke of mnuogorial gomaB . .whioh I have bcrbrboo'rdodP: 1'hohonso 'waoVpaoked. So: wsni.' tho',- roofs of adjacent buildings, whbro eligible. Et'aridirig:rooin;:brpught:. its high a ligare as twenty dollars psrequaro foot.. Tlio. canvas top of tho Alhombra Palaco' had br.cn removed for tha ocoasioii; and tho vlonr was good. Tho warriors mot. / Ono of them res <ineBted.tha' other, wlthrthat pbetia soneq of ehivalrylwibh oharnoferisod tlio, early moun tain Eottler. to spit in his . eyo—ah. invitation which was promptly accepted. Tho fight that followed wis always remembered in? tha Gulch, How tboTaU'Btashcrof tholtappa- hannbok.dexteronaly removed. both ears from, the head pl Sabramqnto John, and who, him« self most elaborately lacerated in return, aro matters of Watery. Tho town wont holf mad! with admiration, and whdt.was' loft of tho two. aecpmpllohbd young gentlemon , involved' in .this; lKUe'/tohtettolnmeat was for/ years, ro- gafded almoatwithrovoronoo;'; ; . /It" may bo 'Bupposod,: therefore; thai tho ' movohiehts of tho Stranger,' upon tho night of which 1 1 writs, wcro viewed with something more than common interest./ , Ono by ono tho loading citizOiiB had, 'droppod into tho Taran tula Saloon during tho evening, until tho table's wore, all woll surroundod, and tho bar wan linod with wotohlnl oboorvorB. .; . ' >' - , ' " "Who's tho stranger" Inquired Tom Oath- cart, in a carblesB way, as he. dealt three cardo to Judge Gnshwildor.' . !' Bunno,'rbriofly, responded, that -judicial luminary, throwing his hand down in a dis- : . igusted'-way; ho's ;on'y, jaBt. nrriv', and ifs my'lcgsl opinibn Be how, if- ho. keeps 'on,' , ho'll 'roaoh tbs'jondjlof hia .lariat ratromoly . quiolt." , ; ' ; I; ; : " ' ' : "I've half 'a tniriil," mused Mr.'Catbcart, pleasantly, " to siea up nud giyo hlmabcnofit ouybolf. I don't |lk<» 'no' Missouri mud'Cater to atr.nd tho boys up lika lie'a doing." ', " Kovorminil,"hifohly injoincd Judge Qaali- wililur, with that sir of uuthority whioh guvo; Ilia opinions upoi the honeh great weight; "hold on n bli. , i lfur-lincd Gcorga will ba along aqou,, nnd tlio stranger will havq to tako water then. 1 Lot him go-on. Gimmoc two cr-rde." " 'v .'! . HollO I '- sjaollatod ,' llr.5 Oathbart, . a' moment later j tie bal\ 'hba begun." . ' , Everybody, in thl room'hail arisen to his. feot.' Tho tnll.Mlniurian. a man of. angular frame and siniator.vinago, hod- no last buo- ecoded in dra\Vihg sooobody into aoontrbvoray. . Tho citiEen3 of Squlttora Gulohjwero' about: to bo cntortaiucd. I " Humph | mutcred. Mr. Cathcort, il'a n \- d— d bham'a for hvn to pick.arov/ with .Glandcri). Tho poor',ohapconbcnrcely hold . his own head up, lotplono fighting. I've a ; mighty -rfjood notion 11 liail in1 myaclf." .. "Hold on," oautidiod Judgo tiaahwildor, with bio indeb fingcl laid knowingly nlong hianoao; " Thomas Gandero la all right ; ho ' is alow;i)Ut sure. ' LooVthcra;!" , - , Tho quarrel. at. tho .lar bad. bean growing louder. The tUrangei inflamed with ' tho, ; fiery liqnor hohad bcoidrinluug,haicolcotod ' .one of tho least offensio men in ,tho settlo- ,' , 'anent.an tho upooinl objilt of liis disploasuro,- < This paraon; a Mr. Thmaii Glanders, wad. a quiet, rcepcotably'drcssai man, with. a etolid jiic!-, and a dejeotod inaiscr,.wlio 'wao looked ; upon iri u friendly, oftola pitying, light by ' his companions. . There rut keen uomothing pad in hiu life— that wao uowq to tho cntiro papalaiion of the. Gnlbh. What It wsa/no ono proolcelylknow, and ho oho cared. Bat neatly everybody took an intarest in him, and not a soul , lived in the town who would not havo fooght'for his sako; at any time. , Tho ' Strangar was. hcapinff abuso . on Glandars's head — ahasa whioh. ho c'onld hot eomprohond, and'whieh'socmod to half bo- wlldor him. Bnt tho offonsivo Mieeohrlah went on, goaded to increased fnry by bis own words. Still Glanders stood holplceoly giizlhg about him, making no reply, bnt ocoaalonally passing thebaok otitis rough brown hand across hie forehead. Finally, in a transport of .rago, tho Stranger drew a rovolvav. Then Glnndors scorned to awaken. Ho epoko for the first iirao. ' 1 "Pat it np,"ho Oaid, quietly,," or I will killyon." The Stranger laughed, and tho crowd, angry and menacing, began to oloBe'in upon him.' Glanders rhotiouod thorn back. "Pat it up, ho repeated: firmly, "or'l will ehoot you in your tracks.". . ' Tho Stronger fired, and a port of Glandor's hat foil to tho floor.' Fow of tho citizens of tbo Gulcli had known.or would have believed bo cobld' oat with' ouch decision. Ho had hitherto bebh thought by thorn to bo a slow anil oaey-going person, too inoffonoivo to ho trodden upon, and too gentlo to rospohd with violoneb. But upon this occasion ho bolial his reputation. Quick as lightning— eo quiokly that only ono or two la tho room saw tho niovomont— a derringer sprang - from hia pocket, a' deep report sdanded through tho room, and tho Straugor foil to tho floor. There was silonco for o moment. Then tho wounded ftliesonrlan', after writhing a moment wboro ha lay, boakonod : Glanders towards him. Ho was no longer violent.- The fames of tho drink had qalto evaporated from his brain, and . ho icaUccd what hod happened. Glanders, whoso anger hod. disappeared as quickly as it camo, whoa ha sow . ho was . tho victor and fails jlfo was no longer threatohed, Bteppcd forward and raised ' tho Stranger's head to his kneo. . "Whisky," ho sold; shortly, to tho bar.' keeper.. '. Tho liquor wao brought, and hb, poured it between the Strangern lips.' It waa a lira- matio scene. So deep, so solemn was tho coloring of tho pietnro, that not a man in tho crowd— usually a turtralent one— had as yet uttered a word. Tho wonnded man, some what revived by tho stimukint, motioned Glan ders to lean clesinr, and he ohoyed. Thera was nothing but pain in hia rod faco novr, and great boadaofporaptratlon stood out npon bis fore head. Tho Stranger whispered a fow 'words brokenly, and then suddenly fell! back, dead. Glanders lowered tho man's head to tho floor, and then slowly aroso to his feet. Tho hash whioh' bad somo: timo ego fallen Upon tho' crowd. was not yot disturbed. . " Boys," said Glanders, in a voice which trembled slightly,'" I hated :'to do it, bnt it couldn't bo. helped. I'm sorry it was so, end I'm willin' to abido by what yon say.' If it was mnrdor,Btring mo up, And ba d-i— d qoiok- about it." . . V A murmnr that arose almost to a shout ran through tho room.> Every man thoro on- dorseahis oourso... Glanders began to move slowly toward' the- doer. -Ho paused onco, drew bio hat down over hia-Oycs, \buttonod his coat.tighUy about his. throat, and thruot hio hands into his pockets with; an air that indioated apurposo: G- -—, , ; v ' . - - "Boor things 1 " ;ho;mattorod, as ho. strode into tho night. " Thoy'ro orphans now,! and Imado Vmso'l"-! / : i -I'.; -; '! ' Drawn' back eomo pacos - from tho roadway, clobo to the trunk of a tall pine tree, corno dlManoo from tbo stardy settlomont of Bquat- ' tors' Gulch, was one Of thooc hugo, ungainly -vehiolea whioh, in tho early; days ot pioneer ing, wore known no prairio oohoonors. : Near by, dimly soon through 'tho- darkness,: wore two lean, unhiippyilooking horses, ; browsing in a' bolploss -way npcn the scant herbage which tho place, nfforacd; At tho foot of the treo:o heap-' of emouldcring embers showed that therd hadbcon asmtill fire earliorinthe night. :-' This was tho soono into whioh Glan ders peered half -an hoar after tho trnglo oo- onrrence I have jU3t deaoribed. - 'For a long time ho sat,, thoughtfully and silently, upon tho polo of the waggon. So far ao any sign of hio woe eoncernod ho mfght;havo hijon asloop.- Possibly ho. was going over tho ovents of the- evoning. - Perhaps he :was framing a sohemo - for tho future. 1 v - : ; : : Wlion mora than on .honr had thus slipped byi'he;namo out of his rovorlo, : and aroso to: \- his feet.' 'iThomde Glandors wao a methodical < man; ,'For years ho had ploddbdalong in a quiet, carowummanUer, aooompli»hing UVkAUAl tUUli -UUjr Wfc , AAIU. vuusjLiuusuuu vuum disoover, but nover.eomplaihing of ill fortune or pain. - Men supposed ho most have monoy. . Ho lived woll,- but unobtrusively; anil ho never !hod difflonlty in meoting bis Obligations. .To tho safferihg;ho was always kind. IudGod, tho local clergyman, who f oUnd fow but sour grapes in this vineyard, wao wont to' say that: Thomas Glandors ooald bo roliod npon,- when charity was needed, to givo as .liberally no a' gambler. , -But' there was no ostentation about ;him.; :He lived; by. method. Ha aroso'and ryent to bod at certain hours, ha ata at proo- :oribed timo3,,ahd ho drank'his four glasses of whisky oyoryiday as rogalarly no ho breathed. His woo n pufo matter-of-fact llfa; ' Whatovor bad luob oamo to him— nnd it' woo altogether : out ot proportion to hio good fortuno— ho ac cepted it without a word of complaint. ; If, its was rarely tho caco, ha had a touch of more . than ordinarily pleasant luck, there was nosor a sign of jubilation hi his cooduot. Ho rarely , talked; '.saving'".' when words woro" absolutely nocossory. What ho had' to/do ho did, and ho mado very little fusa about It. : ' i When' Glandors oroso from ibis ' position upon tho polo ot tho waggon, hio first operation was tO'pilo a fow. 'stioks of wood upon tho cools. ; In is llttlo whilo thoro was a blazo,: whioh, after oputtorlng a momont, gayo out oonsiderablo light. . Thin illumination, or tho sonnd of - Glando'r'e footiifep . ' nboot , tho plnob, oppaiontly arousod somo- degree of life inBido tho waggon, for tliorowc3 a slight move ment, and then a childirii voice,- ralho's petu lant in its tono, said : 'fTho oldmnn, Ts'paao — dog-gouo him." : " Sliet up 1 " renponded another voice, UUVlUUBi/ vuuu u u auuj JI/U a utiuim.1 lariupin'. Ef bo's full,- ho'o nasay." ; ; Glaudcra leaned against' tho treo, and all beoamo quiet again. - For tho second timo sin'co bo had arrived upon ; this scono; ho foil to thinking, end, aa boforo, hia. ;rofiootions' wore so - absorbing that he lost all eonsoioua; n'osu of what, wee: passing .around him.- Ho ' did-'not evch 'notioo thet tho eanvaa flop of tho waggon was raised, and that two very, big bliio oyoa wore paoring oautiously through tho dpertufo thus formed. It was entirely without hia. knowledgo that tho owner .of thooa curious oyes stolo out of tho waggon and cropt slyly toward him. Not until she spoke wao he nyraro of hor pre3onoo. " ' ' ."Whoro's tho old man?" wcro tbo first, .words Glnndorti heard. , ,i Thoy startled liim slightly,, .and ho looked, earnestly into tlio :yoimg faco that waa up turned to his. Fcrhaps it was tho fliokoring Of tho. firelight' ,thnt, oausotl tho_ quiol: ofaado that. fell across his fneo. But it looked liko an ozprcsaion oi pain.' Tho girl, annoyed at hin sileucc, wont on, impetuously.: "Don't you hear? What in blazes io tho mattor ofyou ? Whcro'il tho oldmon? " , ' "Bowii tho guioh," roplicd Glhudora, slowly and with somo dillioulty. 1,1 Oh," said tho girl, with an odd misturo of nayeasm and curiosity..: " Hooo'nt ybii.up to uay ho waa drunk, I-'s'potio. Said ho . wouldn't bo homo till ho got good nud ready ' didn't ho? Told you to tell as to loots sharp, or'hb'd liok both of as' when hojgot home, I reckon— hoy? " . "Does ho beat you, then?" asked Glan dors, with a week attempt at evasion. . "Does ho? Now. you :just bet ho docs. And JI'vo got my opinion of n'.blg loafcr that lieks a lutlo gal liko mo, what oan't, help hcrsolf . Somo day. he'll wako up tho wrong outfit, and. then hell ! got put, under tho daisies with hie boots on— you hoar ma?" Glanders did hear her, and ha shuddorcd. But ho was. .strangely 'attracted to tho big-, eyed, roagh-spokon little girl, who etood,thero looking him in, the faco and ejecting- hor. wordeiwith an energy that would havo.beon ludicrous under other eironmstancos. She wae;a slender child, perhaps twolvo yooro old. Her hair was ourlyjiBnd light, and it folllin a tanglod maes over hor foroboad and nook. She wee qioorly alad, and her brown feat had long, been strangera.to tlio orainping In. Daonoo of ehocs. fThcro was a touch of great pity in Mr. Glandor's eves as he looked at this child, standing thfire in tho firollght and re garding him fixedly. "Come hero," ho said, after 'a, while; "camo hero; and talk', with mo. I want to ask you somo questions." -- - , Ho went over and sat down' again upon tho ioIo ot tho waggon. Tho girl looked at him ; or ojmomcnt without moving." Clearly her first impolso was to iceoat his suggestion. Bnt that design lived only for a!momont, and sha approached him without shyness. '- : i : " I'll do it," Bho declared, in a .voice from whioh tho sharpness had all gone. " I don't know who yon aro.'hut I; like you, though I caa't toll why. It ain't cause you'ro hand some— that's deed sore." Glaudcra paid no attention to this uncom plimentary tultuion to his personal appear- anco. With him it was no timo for idle words or thoughts. - . ' " Tell mo,"nhe . said, - whon tho girl ; had settled horsclf on thsjgroand in front of him, " do yon liko the old man?— aro yea fond oi him?" i , .. " Woll," responded the girl, after a paoso, "I can't say as I'd lika to' oat him, Ho'stoo handy with tho back of his fist tamako mo so awfol dead in love with him." ' : Glanders sighed, as though bo felt rollovbd from somo anxiety. ' "Bat then,!' tho girl went on, with childish frankness, "fyoa can't qalto hate a man when he's tho only purtcotor you'vo got. TJgly as ho was, ha pat all the broad in my month as over wont there, and I'vo got ta romombcr that. Sometimes thcro wasn't much of it, and sometimes it was mighty queer bread. Bat as a gcnkol thing ho did' tho best he knowed how, ond Say, what aro yon thinking about so hard ? " . Glaaaors was just at that momont thinking ho - was about itbo darkest criminal in' the world.' -To save biinsolf from possible destruc tion, ho had hilled a fellow-being— an aot, I regret to say, whioh was notjsufiloiontly Infre quent, in' thoea days, and in that section, to call for any spoeial regrots npon its own ao- count. Bnfc . Olflnnrn fhnfc in priving tho Missouri bully of his life, ho had also taken away tha only prop upon which this helpless child leaned, for support. lt was' a reflection whioHjfillccl himat first with dismay and self-reproach,- and thbn .with a cortaia definitsness of parposo. , " Sis,1.' Boid ho, after a moment, passing his ! hond.ovor. hot . straying ourls with a kind of rongh tendorness "that was not without- its oloment : of -inngfioUsm ; "tsis, of., thar .was a man— mind ye, I don't say thar f». a man— ' bat ef thar legs ono as oomo to you and says, bays this man, . Of so bo os yon two children' wants a homo, coin' without, oab, yb can oomo , and live along' of : mo, and! though it , ain't a refined .and. oUygant abode,- bain' - built as it wbro in the flrat rudo' .'stages o' oivilization-r of any man was to-say this to.yb,'!aad your dad didn't particularly mind, what woold you aaawcr ? " . ' , — . ' Tho giri looked lull in hia faoo.. ' " Answer? Why, I'd oollar tho ; offer liko olfliin-lightning-ronly," oho hesitated 1 an inbtant — " only tho old man novor'd , otand by and lot ma hava soah a good , thing as.thnt .-rnovdr." \r- ' r ' "Ho'll .novor bothor yo any. more, my Child|",sai4 Glanders.. " Do yo foal very bad abontit?" '-. v .: , '; "Bad?" shocohocd. -.y--'. ! , Tha old man baa been took, aa it were, to pat it gently, to Abraham's boosom. Hoiwas killed, my ohild. and tho man what oCTers to toko yo'into his . hotno is tho. one as did it." ' . -"-1 ' " ' : Tho young giri started back, and regarded' -Glondora with a' stranga expression. . It was not a look of ropuision, or anger, or . fright,; but ratticr: a look of sBtomshmoat. - 1 i'ra- sontly, after peering, into hia oyoa -for. eomo littlotimo, shosaid.:,.; - ".Then I. don't holfovo. it wao'-your fault. You ain't tho kind of a man to do that sore of thing 'thoat a oanso. ; And . as for mo,. it's B-Bt'onishin' ho hasn't keiohed it oforo.l! , ; Glandors tookadeop breath, whiah Bounded liko a sigh of relief. .. L; .„ . "Then," saidbo,"wbinuat bBmbvin'.", In tho. morning the oamp of ' Sqnattcra" Galch was' 'surprised to oeo a hugo emigrant wagon drawn up to; tho door ,bl Glandofs's oabiD,.and, later, in tho day, ;it ..was:- still furthopastoniehod to ohservo two ohildronj-a boy. and a. girl,.-playing . abont tho ' place.. 'Vlio thoy woro, 'and ..where thoy. aims from, wob a' doop .nnd absorbing mystery. , That thoir advent was conaeotod with.tho death of tho; Stranger was not o theory which ooouttod to many of -the oltiuens., Ono of tho loading explanations -put 'toward by thosO.'who con.; vorbed .upon tho subjcot was the proposition that Glarors'B. supposititious who in the Btateo— an appendage whioh was attaohod in \- a greater or less. . degree to tho main . balk of ; the. population of that salubrious locality— had forwarded her Children to ho carodlor by thoir legitimate protcotor. Bat whntovcr Bquattero1 Gulch may hav'o thought or ox- pressed; upon tho subject, SqUattora' Guloh did hot carry itb ouriosity offensively noarto Glanders, or hio cabin on the hill. . , . Meanwhilo, in, tho cabin itsolf, thoro woro somo odd developments. Tlio now Tosidenta had quiotly domesticated themselves with that affluent oonfldoiica whioh is tho diu-- tinguishing trait of that migratory childhood of tho west, which, 'being cast this way and that by tho changes which Constantly ocour, in now countries, readily nooaotoms: itsolf to fresh onrronndinga, Ono night, 'sitting bo- forb.tho flrb, with his short olay pipo in his month, nud tho ohildron on tho floor at hia foot, dvoomlly regarding, tho oonlo, Gldadoru broko tho Blionco. » : "Bis," said he, "I don't want topry inio; no family oeorbta. of , yourn','oos it nm't nono of my business perticklerly, but, at .tho oomo timo, it ain't reasonable for mo to go on alwaya n-onllin' of yo . ' Sis,' and tlio young ohap'Bnb.'" . ' '- "Thut'sbo, I reokon," promptly replied tho young girl. "My name's Luoy .Bryton. And bis'n," pointing to tho boy, his'n is Bobert. . His t'othor oamo ain't . liko rnino, though, cause lio's only a 'dontod brother. -His naino is Iiathbun— ltobort Bathbun. Hollo l What's up, Mr. Tom? " " Notliin', " replied Glr.ndern, vihoso fp.'oo had emldbnly ' becoma rigid. " On'y I dropped, my pipe, thot's all.; Go to . bod, youngstors. I want to think. Hold up a bit. , Wbat.bocamo of ycr mother— Bob ? " "Dead, sir.. Drbwndcd in the Missouri ovorflow. I haven't neon hor binco I won a baby." - -v ' When thoyiworo gone, and lor. houro ntteio ward, Glanders sat looking gloomily into tlio lire. . : \ ' , - ... . "Foro gal, " ho mattered, altera long time. "Efmattcra had coma out; a .fcctlc .different, tbafwonld. hov bin my. boy. Mino. Well, what to hinder now ?".',, E Having by eomo abutC mcntal proaosa con- vincod himsolf that' nothing was tb htndor, Glandors wont thoaghtfolly to bed. . » . ; . ,« ' The soft autumn days, gilded by tho clear and genial Colorado sun, malted slowly, away into the crisp and vostal winter. - Then cams tho budding spring, tbe lazy sammor, and the blushing autumn again. . So :tho weoks glided into months, and the months closed sto years, until. BqaattoraV. Guloh, ashamed of ita rough and anaosth nomo of other days, adopted the moro exalted titla of Clarion' City. Thcro woro other ohangos, too, In tho gonial atmosphora surrounding the place. Tbo rough and somewhat uncouth dwellings which formerly covered the steep sides of the rnvlno had almost entirely disappeared, and their places wore filled with mora sightly cottagoa, Tho business part of tho town had grown commons uratoly with tho Other por tions of 'Clarion City, and thoplaco presented an. altogether sightly nppcoranco, coolly tuoked away among the plnco-olad foothills. In a taotofal cottage, far toward tho- outer bdgo of tha settlemont, lived Mr. Thomas Glandors and tho members of his family, who havo' horotoloro been deserlbcdln this vora cious narrative. It was a pretty place, and it was marked hero and thcro by tha unmis-. talrablo traces of a woman's presence. Neat woiio QuiuiuB uuug iu buu wwuowit a xiuiu mock swung on thb vorandab, and a trailing vino grow ovsrtho posts by tho door. One night, as .tho ean was climbing down across tho wcatorn sky, tbo verandah was occupied by twoyoangpeoplo. A strong hearty young man was swinging in tho hammock, whilo sitting besido him, idly moving tho network, baok- ward and forward, was a lltho and graceful girl. Bho was blushing deoply, bat not bang- tug hor head. Thoro was, indeed, in hor largo Mao oyes a look tot apou frankness, whioh I do not think Is often found about tho faces of yonng women whon they.- aro dfsoadsing tho subjcot whioh \vas at that moment oeoupylng her attention. "Thcro io eomothing whioh scorns almost liko saorilego about It, Bobert," sho Bald, with a touch of remonstrance In her voice. " I had grown to thinkyoa my brothorin reality, as veil as hy' association." "Bgt you love mo, Luoy. 'You havo told mo so." His voico was deep, and not un musical to the cor. . And it had abont it, in tho timo ot pleading, a persaa9ivs tcndcrnoss. which, I fear, 'mora than ono of tho flattering damsels of tho Guloh had fonnd it dilBoult to resist. Bat Mies Luoy waa not of tho com-' mOa sort, and sha did hot heedlessly assent to tho proposition advanced. " What," sho asked, prosontly, " woold lie think?" It was apparent that tho young man did not'roqulro a! more definite descriptive term to understand who was referred to. ' "Ho would sosrooly ' object, Luoy. Yoa know no loves noiu or us very aeariy, ana.ms groatest happinOBs would, bo in making us happy." -. . ' > : . : , "True,", replied Miss Luoy, thoughtfully.; ('But if— if ho would father wo did not seek, this kind of happiness, Bobort— you know.wo. owo falm a very great deal.' Oaf home, our feseho from an cxistcnca that would havo left us hotli more to bo. pitied than it 'we . vrere dead, our eduoatioh-r-nll wore given us by himi We' can scarcely do anything that miiy bring him pain, Bobort." : ' . Tho'jtouhg man ih.tho hnmm'aok was silent' toamomcnt. . ' ' : " Toll me;" ho said, ih a Uttlo whilb, " why yon sapposs .there is any danger. that ho will'. :objoot. .. : Ek.:: '- Miss Luoy's faoo assumed A deepor scarlet. "I— I— wou, nothing. It is .probably my iinamnation." .. -. "Will you ask him ?'!,' ' Another pauBS.", Then- in a low voice: 'J Yes, : I will ask hlim' to-night, it ho does not speak first. If ho coneonts, Ilpboit, I will dp ell that you havo asked." "That's ,o; dear, swoot Eiioy," oxoloimed .Bobort; springing to his!fe&t; and- kissing :hor. Bps. " Ws: sfitill be very happy." ; As he .strolled down the hill, Miss Luoy's eyes followed his retreating . figure ' sadly. ;Whon ho was' gone! eha drew a Iong. and! i slightly tromnlous breath, and laid erhoad against tho post. Sho still sat thus, with hor: oyes' bent ; upon- the ground, ,'tvKOn o heavy iootfall. aroused liar attention,! Mf.'Thomas Olnndors, roturning from his ollloo . at tho month- of ths ;'Giant .miho." Not '.quite !tho JThbmas Glanders ;wo h'nvo;! known , heroto-' 'fofo. -'.His' sves' wofa.'oofenor' how than tllov woro: of old, and his tfond liad hot that' slot meut Of hesitation whlph formerly mnrkod it. ; Thomas ; Glaodors, mine - owner and operator, with'-a pretty homcj and tho bono- fits'ol.solioltonii fonialo aooioty, was'fath'cr inollhed to bo an' oraament to ;his eex, id-, though ' thoro' woro momenta, I .must rolato,' whon ho dld, h6t oooapy a similar relation to tho English' languogo. , " Good ovonln', Luoy, ho said, kindly, as ho drow a chair up' to her. sldOj and Boated, hlmsslfso that, tho toldBot her drcsobraohod against his knees: ' VI mot'Bobert as I'oame up tho hill- ; A fine boy, that, Luoy. Fmi as ,'proud of Mm'as if I;hadwheoa his lather." . , A mombnt'of -sll0Bco,'idiiring . whioh.' Mies Luoy breathed a triflo quiokly. Ono hand lay nnompltoyod in hor! lap, Glandors picked it np. ond held it in his own. It looked sto small,' so' whlto, so.lovOly, in liiri- groat palmj that ho speedily ' covered it op by drawing his brown Angola abont it. V . : \- It's a whiter hand,!' ho began, elowly and reflectively, " though itain't much bigger than it was whon I firat - took lb into mine, that night; under tho big' tree;- Ah, my girl, T didn't sco thou; hnd I didn't got to imogino that yoti would bo- so dear to ma somo day. I didn't know that la tha oourso of timo yoa would got to bo— what you aro1. to . mo. ;,If I had"- — — . Aaothorpausd. This timo Luoy wao slightly trombling. , : , : " If I had," lio continued, " I should nlino.ct h'ava be-on afraid to eco you." "Afraid?" The word;oamo reluotzntly; and almost in a whisper. , "Afraid T mmM mmft timo lo'cti . YOU— - afraid that somo other lovo but tlio regard you had for clumsy, poor- spokcn'old Tom Glan- dors might somo day ba stole away by a dcoper, a: greater regard for nnothor man." - . . Mr. Glanders aroso and walkod to tho otb.or cad of tho verandah. : Then bo camo Slowly baok on'd placad hio heavy hand, light enough now, upon tho sunny head. . " Laoy," ho began, " child, you aro moro to mo than I oan toll— moro than I know, God holp mo. ,' Thoro is but, ono hoppinooa for. mo, but ono rest oftor mylifo'o strugglo. And it has boon a strugglo, Luoy, that alu'talwayo bcon oaoy for to goo tho best off. But, Luoy; I don't want to find, fault nor to complain, if it has brought mo you. -. Eh?. Why, child, you aro aryin'. Doary, if I'vo sard anything that's grioved you, don't mind mo.- Lucy, I'll nover opfiak of it'egsin; as long as I Uvc. I .tako it all baok, Lucy, I do, so holp mo God 1" . ,Mr. Glandors was down by hor sido, hold ing hor hands, nnd trying'to soothe her. In u moment sho booamo quite oalm. " You -havo' boon kiixd to mo,", sho eaid,- after-d liltlo whilo.., ".I wao only'a strangor'n child— a stranger who would liavo takon your liio. ' You took mo in, and oared for mo, nnd worked mid toilpd .for mo, oo that I iiiiglit imvo comforts und hc happy. You took rao, a ragged, rough, ill-bred child, and you gave -mo tlio ohonao to bcoomo a lady. ; .You havo. oarncd my— my lovo, and " — , "Don't speak that way,. Luoy. I didn't, calculate to buy your heart. I didn't, Luoy, and I wouldn't take. It like that." . \ . " You didn't hiiy it,'yon— yon won it. Tom, T lovo you vory, very1 dearly. It may.-hot bo tho kind of lovo you oxpoot, jost yet ;'.buf, by and by, when wo havo grown used to each othor, whon wto havo forgottoh that. , wo woro" — — " Father and daughter, almost," . ho broko in. "Are you sure, Laoy?, Will yoa never regret this?". " Novor 1" sho oricd, fmpulslyoly. . "Bat lot it b6 qaiok. Do not wait a day, bnt ' havo it dono at onoo I It— it must bo without da. lay, or— or"— Sho did not finish tho soutonco, but with a sharp, oorivulsivo kiss upon hia brown shook — a kiss which soundod almost like a gasp-- she was gone. -In tha gloaming upon nis' porah that night sat Mr. Thomas Glandors, a very happy -man. Behind htm lay all tho gloom, and sorrow, and'pain that could novor eomo to him now. In tho future— what ? Hocoold not answer, though It ncomod vory It was quiokly and quietly accomplished. Almost before tho staid oitizous of Olarion City wsrp out in tho streets, Mr. Glanders and his brida had walked to tho Httto chapel down in tho ravino, and back again. - Ho had no. tiocd.that Lnoy was very palo that morning, and that thcro woro long, deep lines in bar faco. Cloarly she had. not slopt. Bat Mr. Glandors attributed the fast to a wcaknoss of the sox, and imagined that a little familiarity with tho now rotations. would soon wear it away. Itobcit did not coma homo during tbo night— a habit whioh, 1 am obliged to confess, Is not uncommon among tho compatriots of his yoars. Mr. Glanders bad wished to detor tho qnict ceremony on til his arrival, bat Luoy bad rofascd with a feverish hasto, which her companion set down to tho ecoro of diffidence. It was somo. hoars after tho marriage that Mr. Glanders, falling to stir np any on- thnsiasm in. Laoy's breast regarding tho various topics of ' conversation, ktascd her tenderly, and strolled oat for a walk among tho trees. . " She's better alone for a timo," ho mut tered, epologoiicolly, to himself. "When I eomo baok in half on hoar' sho'U bo as bright and ohecry as over." For a long time after ho went away, Lnoy sat looking blankly at the wall. Then she arose and walked oat apon .tha porch, and stood looking down tho- hill, whoro sho had last seen Robert pass away. In a few moments sho became conselons that someona was near her. It was Robert, white as a ghost, and trembling nervously. Sho looked Into his faco hat conid not speak. Thcro waa a deep, pathotlo ' inquiry in her ' oyes, . whioh spoko morb'plainly than words. , ' "Yes, I know," ho said, in a strained and worriod fashion. "I hoard .it no I came. UP the strcot. I shall hot roproaoh yoa, Lnoy, for, U he asked yoa to marry him, it waa tho only return yoa 'conid mako for all his moro than fatherly kindness." : Thoro was a footstep ..not to away, but: it wns'not noted by thotwto young people. ' "I havo come! Lucy," continued Robert, in tho same hurried and unnatural: fashion, " to say good-bye." / . " Robert I " ohe gaapod, " do not, do, not ; go, away." ! J , "i must,'! ho said, in h stango tono, re gaining a part, of his own foroo as ho oaw/a touoh of weakhoss' In tho womsn he loved, " There .'is'., no ' other! eourab.": It' wpuld break my heart to.stay. hero and see yon the wife Cl. another.' ' It would woar qht my honor, my gratitnds, . my : marihepd. , ! Day by. day,, all that, is good; abont me .wqnld.fsde snafado. owity, natill dibd bf shame' or miontal agony, or beoamo a .roproaoh. to all tho world. It rnust bo, Lnoy. . : Wo :lova,.caoh. othor too; dooirly to have it bthbrwtao." ' -/' . ! , She was silent.' , ' "Gotod-byo, Lusy,!?,;hb said, moro !qulotlyi , taking her hand. ; ; : , V: " Good.byo,". she whispered in ,a . ohoking voice. ; For a momont ho hold her hand in his. At the sa'rnb;instant:a shadow .that had-. been thrown by tho snn.aoross tho ' ground almost at their feet,bogon slowly 'bnd 'stoalthfly. ts steal away. . .' Try said Rtobort, struggling hard to re-; gain his bompdsuro,.". try, to.forgbt mo.;' You oan toiily find hoippiness m'that obllyion. .Or,' ! if you think tot mo sometimes, remember !me! 'bnly. as, tha brother ,who( 'grow, up with you 'and. Iovbd. you'.vidtbrwivitb'.biify a— o.brothorta loye. Goo'd-bye. God bless1 you, .littio Bister." 'V ' V ,'!! ; Ho' tsrriod on his heel and took a step for- vranVil ' i T'fira ntvavn Mnn'wf; rtf 'ra wifnfinl ffrttn f.Efl roar of the housaarrcsted his attention. : i. 11 What.; was, that? '.Vaskod.Luoy; tiirning. if possible a, ohado;whitor. .',. ; In 4a moment 'thoy,; were .both; under -the groat- pine; treb whioa .stood a;fsw.paocs:up, iho' sido of tho hill. " What thoy saw atflhat moment will novor. ho Ibrgotteh by .eithor. of ,-thcm; E ';!;'!, LSlrotohed 'Upon thb; soft carpot .of pine- noedlds, with a look of ineflahlo gentlerioss , in , Kis fast glazing cyosj.a smile on his ' lips,' and her portrait on hta heart, lay tho rigid flgnfb of the: husband, of thb. Stranger's child.—' LeandcrRiehdrittZtii hit he Argonaut. , ! , : ; 