BEFORE our next issue the New Parliament will have met and commenced its season of talk, and let us hope of work also. The present time of meeting is one of the most critical that the colony has been called to pass through. Dulness in trade and dearth of enterprise in all commercial under- takings are just now the rule. Whilst we hear of distress among the laboring and artizan classes in almost every direction, "No work," is the cry of many a man just now who is both able and willing to work. The Parliament will require to at once «rapj>le with this State of things, anil do what in them lies to inaugurate public work", which will »ffiird some relief to those who are out of employment. It is no expected that for a week or two the HouBe will dq much in the shape of work. One of the first proceedings will be to elect a Speaker. For this office it is very unlikely that there will be any opposition. Oar old member is tolerably certain of a walk over, and certainly we know of no one amongst the newly.elected members so qualified to fill the office as is Mr Rosa. Relative to the Chairmanship of Com. rnittee8, which office has been so creditably filled by Mr Furner, and to which it was thought he would be reelected without opposition, another candidate is in the field, in the person ol Mr Ward, who it is said has a good following, and is likely to stand a ver\ good show. Then there have been caucus meetings of the Opposition, who it is said intend to try their strength against the Ministrv. It ia thought that Messrs Colton, Hawker, & Co., will try to take tho reins, and a good many are hoping that for the sake of the colony they may succeed, as it is believed they would form a strongei Government than the present team. One thing is certain no government, not even if we had a colonial Gladstoue for premier, could turn bad times into good ones. If they could raise thf price of wheat, copper and wool all would be well, as they cannot do this we can't see that, a change of Ministry will drive away the bad times or render employment more abundant. The presei.t Ministry are evidently doing what they can in this respect. The most important question just now is, what measures are the Ministry intend* ing to introduce ? For an answer to this question we must wait for the Governor's speech, as no enunciation of the policy has yet bjen placed before the countiy either by Mr Bray or Mr Colton. Before the week is out we shall see what we shall see. "HE racing carnival is over for a time, nd we should imagine the Adelaide iublic was about surfeited with it. Saturday last saw the last of the <_tnlizdtor uuder the present legislative enactments, aud it must be nlmitted that during jlast month the nost was made of it. both on the old and new courses. It is satisfactory M know that gambling 1 under aa act of Parliament, and bv sanction of law, is no longer legal, and it is devoutly to be wished that the law which now exists may never be removed. That there vvill be an attempt to obtain a repeal of rlie Act is pretty certain, but it is ilmosfc as certain, julging by the .itterances of the members at the late election meetings, that such an atiempt will be au unsuccessful one. The only t-ason we have heard advanced in avor of the totalizator is l hat it viicourages racing, and racing improves he breed *of horses. 'i bis is simply bunkum, as racing existed before the totalizator was legalised, and there is 'i-tle doubt, will continue after its funeral obsequies are over. It is also a very moat| question whether racing does improve the breed of hordes for general purposes ot utility. That light, weedy, things are reared, thit at f>ur or five years are frequently knocked out of time,and useless for auv other purpose is true. That racing h*s not improved the breed of saddle horses or good hacks in South Australia, anyone will know who tries to ob r ain a really useful allround animal, f.uch as could readily be obtained 25 or 30 y -ars ago. The only reason it se-.ims why the totalizator should exist is to encourage and bolster up racing, and the only reason why racing should continue is that betting men miy live on their nefarious profession, and that the hawks nny more readily pluck the pigeons. In the interests of the latter we contend that the law ahou'd do nothing to encourage the gambling propensities of the age. THE questions as to whether the Salvation Army bands shall (be allowed to perambulate the streets according to the faucv of the respective commanders is becoming an exciting one in many ulaces, and must very soon be decided in one way or other. The plea tha' so manv mak*. in favor of the band not being worse than the church bells will not hold water. The bells we idinit are a nuisance, and we could vish that the churches would agree to chese the best bell in the town and all jro to their places of worship by it, »nd atop the dinericg of the tin pots. How. ever, the difference between ringing a bell on your own property for ten minutes fnd parading the town with drum, brass instruments, and the ittendant crowd is where the objection lies. If the Army played at the Barracks only, there would be little 0"jaction to their mode of summoning their worshippers. The Town Councils of Gawler and Kapunda are both attempting to regulate these pro cessions, and we notice in another colony they are controlled, and the Captain has been fined first aud locked up afterwards for non compliance with the law. The following is the by-law which the Kapunda Council is seeking to carry. " Whereas it seems meet to the Council of tho Corporation of the t»wn of Kapunda to make the following bylaw tor the convenience, comfort, and safety of the inhabitants of tha said town Be it therefore ordered and directed that the same shall be a bylaw of the said town, and shall have force and effect within the Municipal bounds of the Corporation of the town ol K a p u n d a B y law No.—. On and after the—day of—, 1884, on which day this by-law will come into operation, it shall i ot be 'awful for any persons (other than members of any military force enrolled uuder any law of the Province) to pass in procession or otherwise in a like body on foot, or on horse-back, or in any vehicle, accompanied with music, along or across any street or other public place in the Corporate town of Kapunda on Sunday (the Lord's Day), without permission ot (he Council of the Corporation thereof in writing under the band of the Mayor, or, in his absence, of the Town Clerk of the said town, and any person offending herein, shall, on conviction, forfeit and pay for each such offence, a aura not less than £2 nor more than £10. DISTANCE often lends enchantment to the view,{and people fancy any country is better than South Australia with its hot winds, its dry periods, and its times depression. America is the^ land of enchantment, where every thing is as it should be, at least we are sometimes told so. Here is what a correspondent to the Kapunda Herald tells of New York:—One of the sweetest ofSankey's hvnns was ' What shall the harvest be?' That question is ringing through New York to d*y' —What shall the harvest be?" Two years ago the seeds were sown. W. EL Vanderbilt provided the hall ; New York city loaned its polio*; ju Iges and lawyers, and bankers and doctors sanctioned the outraged wich their presence. I make no ac count of aldermen and such like officials, for ruffi inism is their .business and blackguardism their trade. But they were there nevertheless to see the slugger, John L. Sullivan, knock another ruffian out. Now what does that mean? Why, that with a blow that might fell an ox, he knocks his man insensible, so that he cannot respond to the c»H of time. The seed sown on that has given forth fruit an hundred fol.l ; and now sluggers, thieves, and blackl-gs hold high camiv.il all over the city, with none to molest them nor make them afraid. The contests are all with soft gloves, but somehow or other the contestants get beateu to i mummy In one of these innosent exhibitions jaw broken ; another had his nose, broken ; and at a..o'her, when the lace of one of the pugilists was beaten to jelly, the successful 1-oxer's han«ts w seized, and underneath his gloves were found a pair of iron knuckles as capable of dealing a death blow as a slung shot. If the evil ended heie, and the full grown unhung villiaus killed each otlier, though the exhibition mii>iit be demoralizing, it would not be unprofi table; but unfortunately it does no' end her"; if crops out everywhere; and little boys scarcely fit to be away from a mother's care, organized into bands of hi^hwaynen, their highest types ol manhood being John L. Sullivan the slugger, or Jesse James the bandit. Scarcely a day goes by (hat the police ate not called upon to break un some band of juvenile thieves that hVve become the terror of the neighborhood. Only a few nights ago four boys, the oldest scarcely twelve vears of age, stopped another boy in the street, knocked him down, robhed him of a silver waich, which they pawned, for two dollars, and then went off to the theatre on a spree. 'After this who wants to exchange free aud orderly South Australia for the land of bullies and bowie-knives'? MEBTIVG OF P4.RLIAM15NT The first session «f the uew Parliament will be opened at noon on Tnuraday nexc Dr Uockbnrn will move and Mr J Miller will second the adoption of the Address iu Reply iu the House of Assembly. BIBLE CHRISTIAN ANNIVERSARY.—The Sunday school anniversary of the above was held on S-.mday last, in the Bible Christian Church, Moonta. The services were well attended, and the collections compared favorable with those of former years. ALL SAINTS' CHURCH—Special Whitsuntide sermons were given in this church on Sunday last, when two eloquent sermons were preached by the Rev. J Stuart Wayland to good congregations. In the morning the rev gentleman took for his text The Power of the Holy Ghost," and that in the evening "The Miracles versus .VToJern Scepticisms and Fanaticism," which will be resumed Bext Sunday evening. Special anthems, chants and hymns appropriate to this season of the church's year were sung by the choir. WHIT MONDAY SPORTS AT THE EXHIBI- TION GaouNDS.—The Amalgamated Festival between the Love and Unity Tent and the Wesleyan Bind of 3ope came off at the above place yesterday. A procession was formed at the Mine Post-Office, whence they proceeded headed by two bands to the Exhibition Grounds, where the usual al fresco sports were indulged in, and a substantial tea partaken of. During some part of the day, the ground bore a very lively aspect, as this being the only event in the shape of amusements, many availed themselves of • the opportunity. Some of the contests were well competed for, there being several visitors from other townships present. Iu the evening an entertainment was giveu in the Wesleyan Lecture Hall to a crowded and nthusiastic audience. It would not be ight to criticise either performers indiviually as all went through their allotted task in such a manner as deserves the reatest credit. AUSTRALIAN EARNINGS.—The earning power of the Australian community iB greater than that of any other population in the world. According to Mr. G. Mulhall, F.S.S., the annual earnings per head in Australia are over £43, as against £35 in the United Kingdom, £27 in t te United States, £26 in Canada and Hol- land, and £25 in France. The rate of wages is highest in New South Wales, where it exceeds £50 per head per annum. This causes the saving power of Australia to largely exceed that of other countries, the annual savings per head being—in Australia £6 15a, while in the United Kingdom it is £4 4s, io the United States P3 17s, in France £3 14i, in Canada £3 3d, and in Holland £2 2a. THE DIAMOND FIELDS. — A private correspondent writing from Kimberley (the ' Pall Mall Gazette' says) draws a somewhat dreary oicture of the state of trade in the diamond fields, and indicates that the long-expected turning for the better has not yet taken place. The change of fortune which some have experienced by the sudden collapse of the mines is remarkable, fie says—" I met a man yesterday who had the offer two years ago of £280,000 for his interests in Jagersfontein Mine, and refused, aud he is now without 20a to his name, Another man here is keeping a butcher's shop who could have got £70,000 for his interest. Of course tho purchasers would have been ruined, but that does not alter the case as far as they are concerned. The present depression has killed dozens one way and another, and not a few have broken down in health and gone off the fields. People call it 'scrip fever." PROTRACTED DROUGHT IN INDIA —The Times' Calcutta correspondent writes :— The long-continued drought and the great heat of the veather are beginning seriously to affect the prospects of the crops in the planting districts. With the exception of two or three light and local showers, there has been no rain in Bengal and Behar since Christmas. In Behar the fierce, hot winds are rapidly burning up the indigo crop. A worse district is Chupra, where the indigo will tura out very badly should the present weather continue for a week longer. Things are not quite so bad in the tea and jute dis tricts ; but in these, too, rain is much wanted. At Simla the water supply has fallen so short that work on the new Government offices has been suspended and 5000 workmen have been sent to their homes. From all pares of the Ben gal Presidency there is a cry for rain. PROFESSIONAL MEN IN AUSTRALIA.— It can never be too strongly insisted upon that professional men, as a rule, cannot get on so well in Australia as in Europe. Members of the legal profession ard numerous in New South Wales, and it is necessary to success that they should have some kuowledge of the land system of the colony. For hard-working medicil men, content to bide their time, there are plenty of openings in tlie country districts, and surgeons accus'omed to practise in the mining or rural districts would have no difficulty in fonuiug a connection. Schoolmasters possessing the requisite qualifications can readily obtain emuloyiueut under the Department of Puolic Instruction, but there are comparatively few chances for those accustomed only co the work of classical education. Clerks, b iok- keepers, shop assistants, and the like are not required. These form a large proportion of the unemployed in Sydney, as do the unskilled laborers. Agricultural workers and their families can a!ways obtain employment, as can domestic servants, but farm managers, bailiffs, have to learn much uefoie tiiey are competent to undertake the charge o* colonial farms. Persons practically acquainted with the working of reapers and binders and. other agricultural machinery can do well, as can almost anyone having a knowledge of the principles of scientific farming. —Glas- gow Mail." 