Iftoveltet. Intrigue." i — I.' ?. ?? ??? ? OHAHTEn VI. [Brigadier General Henry Ronald Mclver. \- k lvc:lhlr : t! iromMi, men) cold clay, iltiBMs? things tita I fitit ?o lair, jfianVis the hrcnth of rann niray g*ac upon her unaware." 2Jwvako, the great tenor, had raado hie in t-7 an Admiring audience, and was iafeivo tho theatre, when one of the !ii!s sppioached and eaid hesitatingly, uncling a rebuke, " A lady wishes to a, Signer, who states bc-r business is Si-Elccd Phc would not bo denied, and sili?ij you there "—pointing io tho door s onctsupied dressing-room. lie might 6-J-Jd Ma -scruples had been ovoroomo s tv.cnUhiiigly handsome douceur, a ianiJy biavy bribe to induce him to ithUoty of the hot-blooded Italian's !?? fiis relict was greatfrvhen Romano Ktd'jiiktly : i!.? well, tho lady is expcotod," And 3 MKkly inlo the email apartment, Kte'loor carefully behind him. There, tirgia the dtrkest corner was a innffled soeing Ikimano enter, sprang :jls hsr foot, ond as tho cumbersome fcUirctn her, (liacovered the lovely form laliisnciy, still clad in the whito eheony Ml glittering with diamonds. fJHfool by tho door, a dark dangerous a hi> hnndeomo face, but his bold fj;s nevertholesa drinking in eagerly fejii of her soft lovoltncfls, her Miite, her costly gomp. With e, (>i cty of welcome Gidia glided J him, and though ho put up his B?ily M it to keep her off, K5 closer, and winding her bnro ttosj about hia neck tried to rcaoh iwifc her moiat rod ono3. Tho man aretet'n more thau mortal to have iK'.&uil; Silvio nomano was bnt clay, "J of a vt ; r;j coarsa typo, iu apito of hie Wμ, and figure like a Greek god's. M toy Italian blood coursed furiously pta tains beneath the caresses of this &wman;, and fteaho melted into his TCh&hsnpysigh;, ho abandoned him iw delight of the moment, nnd pressed I ' o on horlips, her eyoe, her ' jwoin wa3 the first to recover, and ?'_th<irawing horself from his arms, Iwnioto a low chair, and seatiDg hor -6? knee, allowed her golden head to Wcjly on lbraano's breast. i ?Mobcn," she whUpored, sttoking bis ?rab? forelingor, -if you only know -?'poor httio Oidis haa longed for this, ?? ?, bow bitterly B ho has repented ??> roil, and how she haa auffored, ssJiwrei have the heart to ntter ono pi. But what could I do, Silvio," eho ?jestrestingly; the life was so bard, it aw Med mo, and I waa too young ?!;!!?how much I loved you, though ? it cow to my cost "—hor lips again ?? in a haaty, foolish moment I ran 'JHjnoh English relations, of whom lap-.Uttn dreamt, you poor darling,— gtoMiM Doting, adopted me." w , ? ttie Italia ". toying with ou hor boaom, "you have i?w yourself, littlo one"—and g? signiQeant glance at her dia r l too havo been fairly successful Lr: : ?jnles3 my years of toil and <J % failed to briug mo as much V^,? ow di9 P'ay on your fair ?? ua, (jldia I" n 0 wcnt on drawing i?,!. , ! ,ia ratc thrilling voioo full ???..?Why did you forsake mo ?-'? us was at last, to fall to my lot ? I Ihv co , rao ' nn( i you, with your lovely features, you and I i> ?t could we not have acoom ir;?s, but I believe Qidia mia you have ;- b swing of nflection for mo, and I w „ d6 , vo , tedl y; r cannot help for if",. 1 l <>ok into your pretty face. tow , .- o , fiaid Bai, y' " who has my Gidia been transformed ! muflt b0 introduced to ?76Mmother or aunt, or whatovcr tho -t creature who hae adopted you ?riw J7i a - rlin8 ' you ehall not ??,- ? , e 8l 'P a S ain . now you are * r "'"orod to my arms." Muvcwd and turned very pale. : re"vn vf, hc fia n !ed - thinkin 8 foat -4,1* l! i rao w ' lcn lie kn ? WB a" i ?ilinV 0, ? not ? uce B what I have £M am? My darling, hold me dare not tell you. toL m T l, with mo this ovoning, ?toU 5 l r , om our box, was Sir Ralph ''t ,r Oh ; Silvio, Silvio J— l manftd >- t ?.. a 'rightful oath the Italian tc ikl.^ round - bieeyc8 ' g' cam '' n 8 y.' J,,,? 1 "?, a weapon wherewith to Jlrtolt Ti u* fli,, Bin? herselt at bis ei S~ * throwi, ?S bet ??s round I'-ta ,' mo > Silvio. lam not fit ?il£in>i.? ro aom P an 'iJg with fear iidnivt Let mo livo a little while :' eh ?om?tS! my now ,ound hnp ' U . r ieHcato wriflta violently. '??1 'no again," ho hissed; til], b'-.ii to tl 'H mo of your mar s ? aaothe r man, ana hope to livo. jou love hiin, or you would j interrupted Gidia, Uv'ona hnl??? m ?' Silvio - 1 havo novflr lotaiin " ? ou ~" no othorman has had 8 Bm U'Q warm feeling in my heart; find this cold-blooded Englishman tho world" calls my husband, who was onco my aunt's lover, his very kissos freeze on my lips. I hnte him, and would strangle him as ho lies beside mo, if I dare." Then seeing her words wcro beginning to tell on Romano nho throw herself into his arms, nnd botween her passionato kisses whiaporod implor ingly— l'ou could not hurt your littlo wife, your Gidia, for wbatevor I am to the world I am indoed yours—yours body and boul, nnd your interests, your aim 3, ehall bo mine, my hus band, my love." Then she vonturod to look up into'tho dark stormy faca of her lover, and its expression was wonderfully roasiraring. When tho quiok subtle brain of the'ltMian, after his first burst of jealous rage was over, had grasped tho situation, it appeared to him not so very displeasing. The handsome tenor, tho idol of tho moment, had no wish to bo hampered with a wife, avon such a pretty one oa Gidia, and yet hore was a most 1 convenient arrangement ready for him to drop into. Hero was a wife whom, if he chose, ho could claim optnly at any moment, or keep scoretly, entirely at his commands, and in his power. That Gidia was Sir Ralph Disnoy'a sup posed wife gave him a hold over tha wealthy baronet's pnrso-Btringa, no small consider ation to Romano, who in spito of his princely salary, was ono of the moat impecunious of men. AH this flashed rapidly across his brain, therefore when Gidia anxiously lifted her head from his breast, sho found all re sentment had faded from tho face of her hus band. giving plaea to a tonder resignation. " No, my own," ho said sadly, caressing her softly tho while. "Much as you have injured we, you know, I could nover in cold blood harm a hair of yotir sweet head; but remember "—and his eyes burnt into hera— " you oro mine, body and soul, as you said just now, and wo must contrivo to meet often privately, or I will not ba responsiblo for my actions," "Yea, of cour3o, dearest," sho nttered lightly, not daring to contradict tho man in whoso power sho lay so completely. " Only it will ba frightfully diffioult to manage, yon know." " But if yon really lovo mo as yon say, and not that stift-neoked Englishman whoso throat I long to out, it will bo oasy enough. Be sidos, Gidia, since you alway? took a delight in plotting and scheming, it comes naturally to you. Why, you are a fomalo Maehiavx>lli," laughed Silvio. " Ah, flatterer! "—Gidia thought Machiavoili was probably soma charaoter in an unknown opera—"But my darling, I would move heaven and earth to spend a moment in your arms, so do not doubt my lovo for yon ;" then, remembering suddenly Lady Claudia's words respecting her musical reunion tho following Thursday, she laughed softly, "So, Silvio, you are the now tenor whom my cousin has se cured to fing with me, and whoao voico I hoped would blond well with mine." " And you, then," said Silvio, also laugh ing, " are tho lady amat?ur I have been curs ing, having determined eho was some vain aristoorat who could not sing a true note. We shall chnrru and, astonish your friends, I fancy, my darling." " what a mercy wo did not meet unexpec tedly for the firat time in my own drawing room," said Gidia, thankfully; "and, dear lovo, I must now hasten away, or my absenoo may be discovered, and then whero would ? Lady Di?ney's' reputation be, I wonder ? No, dear, you must not coma a single step with me, tho risk would bo too great"—Silvio had made a movement as if to accompany hot—" You know my address, it is on your card of invitation, so au rrvoir till Thursday, by which time I shall havo devised the ways and means for onr lutura rendezvous." Ono more long embrace and Gidia had left him to return stealthily to her stately homo, the homo of tho man who trusted her implicitly with the honor of a stainless name, an ancient noble race. Silvio Itomano then loft tho tlieatro, and sat till early dawn in his showily-furnished chrtmbers thinking how ho could turn to best advantage the strange clianoe? Fate had put into his hand. When a moro youth ho had married tho half English, half Italian girl, partly in a boyish fit of passion, partly be cause their voices harmonised, and be bad a vnguo idea it might bo worth his whilo to secure her. Romano knew and oared little about his child-wito's relations. Iler mother was Leonora Yaletta, a broken-down opera dancer, and as he beliovod, tho cast-oil mis trC?S of some wild young Englishman, who probably was Gidia's fathor, for tho story of Leonora's marriago was regarded as o mere myth. Thus he nover dreamt what o source of wealth she would eventually become to him ; in fact, he had, amid the oxoitemontof his unexpected triumph, almost forgotten her existence. " How beautiful sho has becomo," ho thought, " unless it is tho way sho ia got up, whioh makes the astonishing difference. I should hardly have recognised her, if tho little fool had not looked so frightened, though she had good reason for fear, littlo serpent 1" aud he clenched his white teeth savagely. " If I had only known, but sho shall pay for it yet, Silvio Romano is not a man to do trifled with. So those aro tho famons Disnoy diamonds I havo heard so many fine ladies rave about. Why, they alono must be worth i a king's ransom," and his oyea shone curiously. Whan his handsomo face droppod tho mask of tho conventional smile it usually wore, what an evil-looking man ho was. , Romano wa? tall, with a light Bymmetrioal figure, clcar cut regular features, dark creamy skin, and face whioh bore evidence of his nationality. His head was covered with a profusion of blaak curls, a mou?tacho of the same color hiding his cruel, sensual mouth, and his bright blaok eyes, largo and bold, were capable of expressing as much tender ness as his soft, thrilling voice. But, in ppito of those natural advantages, tho man's character was discernible on hiu oountenance, for his expression betrayed that he waa both selfish and orafty, and his heart not only cold and calculating, but at the same time sensual and passionato—not an uncommon combina tion in tho lowest type of Italian oharactcr. Himself fickle as the winds, he would still novor hesitate to draw a knife aoross tho de fenceless throat of a woman who played him false, or plungo a stiletto into the back ot a man who stood between him and his objects. And he hold Ralph Disney's supposed wife in his power, a power ho would not scruple to use to the uttermost. Even now his mind was busy with plans for tho future, but his thoughts eeemed rivetted by the dazzling diamonds Gidia had worn ; nothing else seomed real or tangible. His nowly reoovored wife's beauty, her lingering caresses, and long clinging kisses wero very pleasant to reoall— but thoso diamonds I When ho closed his eye? ho could almost see thorn again sparkling and glittering on tho fair white throat (for a moment ho paused to think bow soft and tendor that was), and in carole?s profusion over tho rioh silken robes. Long after day light had Btolon in through the windows, Romano sat roasoning feebly— " The jewels bolong to Gidia, and she ia undoubtedly mine, why should not I mako use of both her and them? " Tho thought seemed at first a wild one, but it rapidly gained ground, and era long the Italian had fully determined on obtaining Bpoedy possession of tho much-covotcd dia mond?, no matter at what risk; and he vowed fioroely it should fare ill with tho man or woman who might dare to stand in his path. CHAPTER VII. Before tho Boason—an unusually gay one bad closed, Lidy Disney astonished hor hus band by pleading for ft hasty retreat to Disney Manor, and Ralph, though only too thankful to escape from a life in every way irksome to i him, thought it his duty to remind Gidia sho would probably find the country very I dnll after having acau?tomed heraolf to so much exaitoment. " Yon see, my dear, no ono will leave town jo?t now, and I doubt if you would get any ono to stay with you for the next three weeks nt least. lam quite sure Claudia will not be persuaded to accompany us—at any rat*i, not till ailor tho next drawing-room nnd the Princess' Garden Party," ho said warn ingly, being too honest to take a mean advan tage of what appeared to him an impulsive frealt. " Oh, I do not care the least in tho world," Gidia roplied, in pocvish weary tones; "I am tired to death of everybody and everything, and wish we had never come to London nt all, but stayed at Disney all by ourselves," and sho began to cry. : Ralph, still very fond of his pretty young wife, and having all an Englishman's horror of tears, took her tenderly i?j hi? arms— "My darling " —soothingly—" wo will start at once, if you really wish it, I shall bo over joyed at having my little wite all'to myself again, for our lives seem to have drifted sadly apart of late. We will see if the fresh, pnre air of Disney, combined with regular hours, cim bring back the roses which havo fad-:d from your pretty cheeks, dearest." Then, as a happy idoa seemed to strike him, " and we will try and pemiade your aunt and that dear old Mrs. Cunninghame to join us there. It v,ill be quite like old times," ho added, plea santly. Whether Gidia was equally delighted with this last arrangement her husband never heard, as their conversation was at that mo ment interrupted by the entrance of cnllora, but tho invitation was despatched, and duly accepted by both ladies. ThofoUowing weolc, in spite of Lady Claudia's remonstrance, Sir Ralph and Lady Disney left town; and tho same paper whioh recorded their depnrturo for Disney Manor announced, with deep regret, that Signer Romano was compelled, by medical advice, to retire for a time from pub lic life. Hewas about to proceed—no it stated to his native place, a small Italian village, thero to Reek the entire ropose he so much needed. LUias Daring's first impulse on receiving Lady Disney's invitation had been to refuse it, but, after consideration, she blamed her self severely for having for a moment even entertained tho thought of refusing, and so she found horsolf tho guest of Ralph Disney's young wife, who greeted her aunt with gush ing effusion. Indeed, Gidia seemed to have cast off all her newly-acquired dignity, and was once more the childish, light hearted creature with whom Ralph Disney had fallen bo madly in love at Oulverdon Priory. "How happy they aro 1" Mrs. Cunning hame would exclaim as sho watched Ralph's lover-like attentions and Gidia's httlo coquettries, as they strolled about the lonely old grounds. And Lilias, though sho had a vague sense of something wanting in the union, was glad to behove it ko, and, with out ono regrotful sigh for tho happiness which might have been hers, thanked God for having answered her pure, unselfish prayers. One close sultry evening Mrs. Cunning hamo was taking her ti?ual after dinner nap, a placid smile on her wrinkled old face, whilst Sir Ralph and Lilias sat engrossed over some plans they wore mutually interested in concerning tho improvement of tho cot tagers dwelling on their respective estates, and Gidia flitted in and out through tho open windows, restless and expectant. Tho draw ing-room opened on a long terrace, from which Borac ancient stone steps led to a lawn slopiug gradually towards a large plantation known as the Wilderness. Smkionly from the dark fir trees came a peculiar note, which to most ears would have home no significance, it wa3 so like tho ory of Borne night bird, but Gidia started guiltily, and throw an anxious glance towards hor husband, who, however, was intent on some drawings, the different merits of which he was pointing out to Miss Dering. Gidia shrugged her pretty shoulders con temptuously at the sight, then as tho cry was repeated rapidly Boveral times, sho passed down the stone steps, glided across tho dewy lawn, dived into tho shadow of the wilderness", and then quiokening her pace, ran into the arms of Silvio Romano. "' My own lovo," she whispered, after a long warm embrace. " You cannot imagine what a atate of anxiety I havo boon in since dinner, lest I should mistake your signal, or not be ablo to make my escape unnoticed. How frightfully gloomy it is bora," and Gidia shrank closer to her husband's sido as she glanced fearfully around. "Rut I do not mind it, now I am safe with you dearest," and the blue eyes raised to his were full of lovo and confidence. With arms twined about oaoh other, and heads bent lovingly togothcr, they strollod onward into tho deepest reoessos of tho dark wood, where even the moon which had now risen failed to penetrate Mrs. Cunninghame'a slumbers had been unusually peaceful and undisturbed that evening, and tho old lady had just re-adjusted the lace lappets of her cap and begun to look around her, when Gidia glided noiselessly into the room from the moonlit garden. So palo and haggard was Lady Disney's usually blooming faco, that Mrs. Cunninghame uttered an oxclammation of surpriso and dis may, which immediately attracted the atton | tion of both Ralph and Lilias. " My lovo," aaid Ralph, in tones of tender remonstrance, rising quickly, and wheeling forward an easy chair, "how imprudent of you to remain out so lato I I should have fetched you in long ago if I had only guessed whore you wcro, for there must bo a tremen dously heavy dew falling, and you are so pale, darling," ho added, looking anxiously into his wife's face. " Yob, indeed," said Mra. Cunninghame, " tho dear child looks as if sho had seen a ghost, and see, Ralph, hor feet aro quito wot," pointing to the tiny satin Blippors resting on a Btool. " So they are I and Gidia darling, you are as oold as death." Ralph oxoitodly chafed tho little hands vhioh hung listlessly at her side, and looked appealing towards Mis? Doring. Lilias, who was covering herself secretly with unmerited roproaohos for having mono polised Sir Ralph so long, rose and went to wards her nieoo. " Come, dear, you had better divest your solf of your wet garments as soon aB possible. Will you kindly ring for Marie," to Ralph, " or lot mo tako you to your room, Gidia," and sho tenderly drew her niece's shivering form towards her. Gidia threw her arms around her aunt's neolt, and for onoo the tears which streamed down her checks wero genuine, then submissively bidding them good-night, sho allowed herself to be assisted to her own room, and it was with a eigh of relief sho found herself at last with no other companion than her maid. Marie, always on tho alort, took a rapid survey of her mi?trees' disarranged toilette, as alio removed tho dre?s whoso tiny frills hung limp and damp, with itii deliea'to laco trimmings torn and discolored. " They will need my assistance onoo more," she thought, triumphantly, as she brushed out tho tangled golden curia, and purod stealthily at ths white drawn faco reflooted in tho glass. I " Milndi indeed anposjs vniiment Malndi," \ she said at laat, softly- " Maladi is not wiso to venture no lato in the air of thia perfidious climate JUon Dieu! but it is simply atroci ous to one accustomed to the dolioious even ings of tho Sunny South, tho bright Italic," and Maria cant up bar eyes sentimentally. . The Frenchwoman's voice broaking in upon ?her meditations reminded Gidia who had in deed neorl of her mftid's assistance, co she answwed—? " Yes, my good Marie, I am ill, wretchedly so, and unless-I feel ever so much better in tho morning, 1 sh&U; not lcavo my own apart ments—at Ic&at; not befoto the evening. And, oh! whilst 1 tbink of it," sha went on cato lessly. " Takn my keys, they are in tho Japanese cabinet, and bring mc those horrid diamonds; I have nrrftngod an entirely new setting for them if Sir Ralph will ouly let mc carry out my ideas.". j Marie took hor mistress' keys, and pnsacd I into an adjoining room, from which she_ soon returned, bearing a safe, evidently qr.ito as much as she could manage to oarry. "Mori Dim; bud it is heavy,"_ sho ex claimed, with a groan, na she deposited it on a tables by Lady Disney's side. "You need not remain," said Gidia, nervously, playing with tha bunch of keys. "'I am not inclined for bed yet, and will ring whoa I want you igain." The door had HCfircdy closed behind the eofL-footeil ftbigftil, when Gidift, laying her hood in her hands, broke into a storm of passionate tcara. " How dare ho asU. ma to risk such a thing I " fiheexolftimod vehemently. " There wili be euota a terrible atorm when the rob bery is discovered. Perhaps thoy may also lay baro our secret, find than what would bo come of mo ? To fall so low after having climbed co hitfh, would bo dreadful, ani I could almost hate Silvio for making mc do this thing. How cruel ho can be when he chooses 1 " flha meditated. " And yet I sup pose I really do lova him a Htkta. Cortainly more than anyone elso in tho world." Then, her sob 3 gradually subsiding, sho unlocked tho safe, and, taking the diamonds loom their numerous velvet cases, laid them in her lap, where they sparkled like tho surface of a moonlit lake. " I have no affection for tho horridly old fashioned things themselves," sho rofleoted. " Balph will never bo persuaded to lot mc do what I liko with them. Then, as Silvio says, everyone will be ro full of oo'nmiseration when they hear of my loss, that I shall be onro to have endless presents to console mc, nice modern jewellery, not this heavy dingy stuff"—And sho looked contemptuously at the curious setting Ralph valued more highly than the diamonds themselves. " Thia riviire is rather nice though ; I re member tho Prince eaid how well it became mo, at tba Mansion House Bali," end she held it up to the light, letting it glldo over her pink finders. " les, I must try aud keep it somehow," decidedly. "After all, if Mario will only assist mc, I shall not have to run any very great risk " (the little sinner was a philosopher in hor way, and readily submitted to the inevitable). "Jt is poor Silvio who will Buffer, if anyone, but then ho is far too clever to ba caught,"—and having com fortably shifted thedanger on to the shoulders of another, her terror bogan visibly to diminish, giving place to another feeling of annoyance as she thought— " I shall have to givo Marie at lea3t half tlio rnouoy Ralph guvo mc yesterday—how exceedingly tiresome 1" and sho touched tho bell pettishly. In a few seconds tho French woman entered, bearing on a small silver salver a cup of steaming chocolate. " How nico, and thoughtful of you, Marie," and Gidia smiled pleasantly at her maid, as sha daintily sipped the fragrant beverage. " I realty Ao not Unow what I should do with out /ou. And oh,l was jnat thinking; Inra not exactly pleased with tbo costume Madamo Lonoro sent mo yesterday, ho you may have it if you like." Then, interrupting Miuie's prjfuse thanks—" I think I had better wear my diamonds on Thursday at Lady Dormer's, Sir Ralph wishes it, but thoy must be oara fully claimed, so you had better see to them after you have drrssed mc to-morrow even ing." Hero Lady Disney's tones became studiously slow and measured, causing Mnrio to listen very attentively. " I shall leave my room exactly at five minutes to cifiht; you will then immediately tnke tho diamonds from their coses, lay them on the table in the red boudoir (where of course, the night being a warm one, the windows will stand open), and have your brushes and things prepared to commence oleanin? thorn. I have a preaonti mont thut when once down stairs—Bay at eifcht o'clock precisely—tho exertion of having allowed myself to be dressed will prove too much for my strength, co bo propared to como to mc hninoiliately if you arocallcd. Do you understand mc?" and sho fixed her oy6s significantly on her maid's expressive fea tures. "But, Miltvdi—" and the Frenchwoman (who fully entered into tho spirit of her rnis treas's meaning, but determined to make a good bargain for herself) shrugged her shoul ders deprecatingly—" would it uot be an im prudence to leave euch valuablo jewols even for a moment? If by some terrible misad venture they were Inst, stolen, it is I, pauvrc Mario who would bo compelled to faoo ruin and disgrace. Still, to servo a lady so beau tiful, so amiable, I would even risk that." "Rest assured, Sir Balph will never blame I you for neglecting the diamonds in your anxiety to lly to my assistanoo," replied Gidia, who saw she was understood. " I ccc I can depend on your fidelity, Marie," and she j opened a amall cabinet, from which sho took a roll of notes, and offered half of them to Marie, saying graoiously—" To show you how highly I value your services." Mario said not a word, but fixed her eyes avaricously on the other half, which Gidia was about to return to tho cabinet. Then the eyes of mistress and maid again met, and as Lady Disney rightly read their meaning, she felt sho could not do otherwise than allow the romaiudor of the notes to pass into the greedy hands of Mario Dupont. Sir Ralph entered his wife's dreasing-room tho following evening and found hor seated before her mirror, a loose robe de chambre covering h?r dinner dress, and Marie's deft fingers busily employed putting the finishing touches to tho wonderful erection of tiuy golden curls. "Are you quite sure, darling, you feel well enough to join us at dinner," were her hus band's first words. "I have missed your bright littlo face eadly all day; but you still look very palo, and I would not havo you overtax your strength for the world." Gidia's pretty face smiled and dimpled as she looked up. " Oh, yes, dear; lam really ovor so rauoh better, and cannot consent to lose another of our dtiar, quiet evenings, which I absolutely revol in. I love to liaten to you and wisa Aunt Lilias, though I am too silly to under stand all your clever plans "—then glancing towards tho littlo Dresden clock whioh had just chimed the third quarter—" Can you wait just another minute, dear? Mario has nearly done with mc, aud I want you to take mo downstairs." "Of course, dearest, I shall wait—an hour it you like." Then his oye fell upon the safo standing near, with tho koys dangling from the lock. " You are surely not coaling out in your diamonds tonight," ho said, wondor ingly. (To be continued.) 