FI€?I#K. Thirlby Hall.* By W. E. Noeris, AUTHOE 07 ' MDLLE. BB MESSAC.' &C.; Chatter XXXIV.— THE CATASTROPHE COMES. As I was on my way upstairs to dress for dinner, I was intercepted by Cooper, who addressed me with that dis quieting phrase, familiar to moBt people, ' If yon please, eir, could I speak to you a moment ?' I guessed at once what it was that he Had to say, and as eoou as I had gone down to the dining-room with him, and he had shut the door with an air of tragic mystery, he justified my fore bodings. ' I hope you'll excuse my mentioning it, bit.; but are we to supply Mrs. Le Marehant with brandy in her bedroom ?' *' Has Mr. Harry given any orders upon the subject ? ' I inquired ; for I was unwilling to make damaging admissions, if they could be avoided. ' No direct orders, sir; but about a week ago brandy was asked for, and Mr. Harry sent the bottle down again im mediate. So just now, when it was wanted again, Mrs. Peters she thought she had better take it up herself.' Here Cooper came to a full stop, ciearel his voice, stood on one leg, and looked discreetly embarrassed. 'Well,' Ieaid; 'Peters took up the brandy, and what then f ' ' Well, sir, Mrs. Peters poured out a half a wine-glass and was leaving the roam, taking the bottle with her, you understand, sir; but Mrs. Le Marehant she eavs, *Put down that bottle d'reckly !'»» ' Yes ; go op,' said I ; for Cooper had once more paused in his narrative. 'Well, sir, Mrs. Peters felt it her dooty for to ramon strate : and then Mrs. Harry she turns and flies out at her hawful, and frightens her so she comes running down to the housekeeper's room and has a bad turn of palpitations. She tells me she never hear such language.' Blended with Cooper's assumption of respectful concern there was a perceptible leaven of curiosity, which I deter mined not to gratify. I observed that Peters, though doubtless animated by the best intentions, seemed to have been guilty of an impertinence which any lady would have resented, and added that I believed Mrs. Le Marehant was not feeling very well. 'Did Peters— ahem '.—leave the bottle behind her?' I inquired, rather marring the effect of my rebuke by this injudicious question. 'I am sorry to say that shedi3, sir,' replied Cooper. 'I ask her how she come to ba eo foolish ; but she said that the was that upset she didn't know whether she was stand ing on her head or on her heels.' 1 could but trust that Paulina might not experience the same sensation before the evening was over. »» Very well, Cooper,' I said ; ' that will do. It's— it's all right' ' I hope I have .not done wrong in mentioning of it to you, sir.' 'Not at all; but you needn't mentioaitto any ens e!s3, you know.' Cooper replied in an injured tone that he should not dream of .doing eo ; and I went upstairs with mich confidence in his assurances as I could muster, but with a dreadful conviction that the storm was about to burst. On entering the drawing-room a quarter of an hour later, I found my uncle, Mrs.~Farquhar, and the General con versing together upon public affairs with a studied politeness and mutual deference which convinced me that they, too, were alive to the perils of the situation ; and an unmis takable expression of relief appeared upon the coun tenances of all three of them when Harry came in with the announcement that his wife had a bad headache which would prevent her from joining us at dinner. This, so far as it vent, was good news ; but I felt that we were not out of the wood yet. I took Harry aside, and hastily in formed him of what I had heard from Cooper ; whereat he whistled, and, after hesitating for a moment, left the room. Whcnhe re-appeared, it was with a quiet smile upon his face. ' The deed is done,' he took occasion to whisper to me. .' I got her to turn her back for an instant, collared the decanter, and bolted, locking the door on the outside. She'll Ecreech and kick like mad when she finds herself a prisoner ; but mercifully nobody can hear her at this distance, and ehe hasn't had enough liquor to make her desperate. Very likely she may sober down now.' One could only hope so ; but a vision of Paulina thun dering with feet and fists upon the panels of her door re mained with me throughout dinner, and caused me extreme discomfort. ,For the rest we got on more harmoniously than we had done the night before. Mrs. Farquhar showed a concilia tory disposition ; Harry was quiet ^and unobtrtTfeive ; and the General who looked, and no doubt was, very well pleased with the turn matters had taken, enlivened us by choice samples of autobiography. As for my uncle, he spoke little until Jimmy came in to dessert, and sit down beside him, when he roused himself from his abstraction. ' And then, while we wete lulled thus into a false security, the thunderbolt felL The door facing me was--. opened dowly from without; Paulina, wrapped iua white dressing gown, strode in like the ghost of Banquo, and advancing with deliberate steps to her husband's side, stood and glared down upon him. ' So,' said she, ' you'll lock me Into my room, will you ? You'll keep me without -food nor drink for fear of me telling . too much, will yon V Ah, you're a clever one ! But next . time you try that little game on, don't leave the key in the lock. Why, yon silly fool, what had I to do but to ring the bell? I did ring the bell— and here 1 am, yon see,' she added, nodding at him. . . * Perhaps, like many other nervous people, Harry recovered bis sangfroid in moments of emergency ; or perhaps it was the caJmneES of despair that he had arrived at. ', It was an unlucky oversight,' he said, ' and I owe every onp an apology. I ought, of course, to have put the key in my pocket ; but one can't think of everything. I suppose it would be quite useless for me to suggest, Paulina, that we should go upstairs and fight it out in private ; yet I will re quest yon to bear in mind lhat I strongly recommend that course, because if you don't/adopt it, you will repent bitterly se soon ae you come to your senses, you know.*' Paulina' snorted. 'Much obliged to you; but I won't go upstairs yetn-not just yet. I've something to say before I go. '. And I've got all my senses about me ; you toek good care of that. Ob, yon are a mean toad!' she excliimed suddenly, the memory of her wrongs coming upon her, I suppose, with irresistible force. 'I'll teach you to play me suchtricks!'* . ' I was cruel only to be kind,'' said Harry, wio posi tively seemed to be rather enjoying the scene. 1 myself was too horrer struck to take much notice ot the fact that Cooper and his subordinates were looking on with open eyes and mouths ; but my uncle had kept his presence of mind. 'Ton can go now. Cooper,' he said; 'and tike Master Jimmy with you.- Jimmy, my boy, run away and tell Mrs. Peters to give you some dessert.' Jimmy did not wait to be told a second time. He slipped off his chair and made for the door with great rapidity, fol lowed by the reluctant Cooper. .Doubtless he had Been more than oae outbreak of hostilities between his father and mother, and was aware that in the sequel the rights of neutrals were apt to be disregarded. When he was gone Paulina resumed her denunciation. ??Now, you know what I am. I've put np with a deal ? The right ©1 publication in Australia has bees partiuued by the proprietor! -tf the 3rrfn«yjr«»l, - ' from yon, and I've done a deal for you— ^tnd got more kicks than halfpence for my pains, too ! But when I say I'll pay you out, you know Til doit; and I'm going to tell your good friends here a thing or two that'll make them think rather different of you to what Qiey have done— that s what I'm going to do ! ' At this juncture,£ie General jumped up with great alacrity and offered Paulina a chair. *? Pray sittdown,' said he politely; ' we are all attention.' ' Thank you,, old gentleman,' answered Paulina; 'but I'd as soon stand. 1 ain't going to be here long.' It was now Mrs. Farquhar's turn to intervene. She rose, and advanced with trembling outstretched hands, saying, 'My dear, my dear, don't speak so! Come up with me and lie down upon your bed. You're just overwrought.' ?' Get away, will you ! ' returned the ungrateful Paulina, with a sweeping backhander. ' I've had enough of you and your wheedling ways. I tell you my blood's np, aud you'd best keep out of reach of my arm.9' Mrs. Farquhar retreated to her chair and began to cry feebly. My uncle, with his elbow on the table and his chin supported by the palm of his hand, _was gazing at his son and daughter-in-law with a certain grave curio sity. The General had 'poured himself, out a glass of claret, end was sipping it meditatively, while he tried, without much success, to compose his features into an ex pression of fitting solemnity. ?? Now, listen all of you,' Paulina began, speaking with a quick, broken utterance; 'and you, Charley, pay attention to this, because it concerns yon. I suppose, when this Drecious fellow turned up in Germany, you thought it was an accident. No such thing ! He went out there on pur pose to meet you, and see if he couldn't get you into trouble with ycur uncle 6ome way, eo as to step into your shoes.' 'I am unwilling to interrupt,' put in Harry blandly, 11 but I feel bound to say that that is utterly untrue.' Paulina disdained to notice him. ' He didn't have much difficulty about it neither. As soon as he found out that tou was' carrying on with that Lady What's-her-name he begun to see his way. It was easy enough to natter you up and lead you on, and it didn't need a conjuror to guess that your uncle might threaten to cut you off with a shilling sooner than you shoold marry a woman who'd ruin you iu a couple of years. You ask your uncle whether he didn't get warnings of what was going on about that time from some kind friend.' 'J AnonyrnouB letters,' said my uncle, 'are always doubtful weapons to use. They are especially so when the source from which they come is obvious.' ' I never wrote any,' returned Harry, sullenly. 'Ko; that you didn't,' Paulina went on. 'You're telling the truth there, for once, because you made me write 'em lor you. Oh, you're artful, you are ! You didn't think you was going to gain much by them letters. No ! your game was to get a will made with your name in it— just as a matter of form, and by way of stopping the mar' riage. Your game waB to make your father cut up rough with Charley, and swear that he'd leave the estate away from him, if ever that marriage took place. Your game was to frighten the old woman there by telling her the pro perty was in danger, and to work it all through her. And when you'd told Bes enough to get Charley to marry on the sly, you didn't mean that that will should be burnt. You knew the sort of man your father was, didn't you ? Recol lect what you told me about him one day ? Says you, * He's such a pig-headed old devil that, if he'd given bis word to eat his hat unless he was obeyed he'd sit down and eat it as soon as ever the time came due.' Those was your very words ; deny 'em if yon can ! ' ? ' If you have done,' said Harry, 'you may as well go back to your room. No one i s likely to believe' your pre pcEterous story, and no one, I am afraid can doubt that you are under the influence of liquor.' 'Maybe I am,' returned Paulina. ' Maybe I shouldn't have plucked up the spirit to stand here and Bay what I have, without Id had a glass or two of brandy. But I've got my senses, for all that, and I've told the truth, too. And if I do drink,' she went on, with a sudden change of tone; 'if I'm a drunkard — as I am, God forgive me!— whose fault is it ? Who taught me to drink ? Who drove me to it? Who made my life so miserable that I should have gone and drowned myself times oat of mind, if I hadn't known of a way to forget it all ? Ah !' she ex claimed, turning away from her husband, and spreading out her hands with something of pathetic eloquence, ' I'd have been an honest woman, if he d have let me. 1 tried to keep straight and to keep him straight; I loved him better than my own soul ; but he soon tired of me. All he wanted me for was to do his dirty work. He taught me to lie and cheat, and— and — then I loBt heart and took to my bottle. After all, it's the best friend I've found in this wretched world. If he had gone on caring for me^ ? ' She broke off with a sort of eob, and then . resumed defiantly — ' But it's too late now, end I don't care! Drink and forget it— that's my motto.' Mrs. Farquhar came out from behind her pockethand kerchief to say solemnly, ' It is never too late to repant. Fray that your sin may be forgiven you, and——' 'Pooh!' interrupted Paulina contemptuously, 'don't you preach ! Why, you're committing miserable little sins every hour of the day, and think yourself a saint all the time ! Come. I'm honester than you are, any way. Dp you think I haven't prayed on my bended knees* to be deliyed from this curse ? — ah ! and read my Bible morning and evening too. Much you know about temptation. You haven't so much as found out what it is. Why ? Because von never tried to fight it. Harry, there, he don't believe in God nor Devil; but I do ; and I say the Devil's got a firm hold of us both.' ' This is dreadful !' moaned Mrs. Farquhar. Paulina burst out laughing. ' Well,' she said, ' I've paid you out now, Harry, like I told you I would. I don't luppose they'll let you stop on here after this ; and I believe you are better out of it. Charley, you've been a good friend to us, and I'm sorry I had to deceive you that day at Richmond ; bnt it hasn't made much odds, has it ? Good bye, everybody; don't break your hearts when I'm gone.' And, with a mocking curtesy, Paulina retired. . , The door closed behind her, and for a short space none of ub epoke. I don't know how the others were feeling ; but my own sensation was one of relief, not unmingled with surprise. The Bcene had been painful enough— half tragedy, half farce, like nearly all the saddest things in life— but it had passed off with more decorum than I had dared to hope for. . We had at least been spared a down right brawl, and if poor Paulina had besn— as she had declared herself to be— under the influence of liquor, she had not been sufficiently eo as to justify the picture of her in that state drawn by her husband. Of her revelations I did not, at that first moment, think much* being only! too thankful that she had confined her onslaught to words. After a time, Mrs. Farquhar, murmuring something inaudible, hurried out of the room. Then my uncle got up, and, bending over the General's chair, whispered a few words to him ; upon' which they, too, silently withdrew. Barry and I were thus left insole possession of the field, and it became neocBsary that one or other of us should speak. He it was who broke the silence presently, in a steady, though, somewhat hoarse voice. ' 1 suppose yon believe that cook-and-bull story.' I glanced across the table at him ; bnt his lowered eyes refused to meet thine. His face, colourless as usual, betrayed no emotion ; only the hand with which he was ' stroking his moustache trembled slightly, 'Yes,' I answered, ' 1 believe it.' 'Nevertheless,' remarked Hany, 'the evidence of a. tipsy woman ought not to be considered conclusive, and the story in itself seems rather far-fetched. Taking it for granted that I wished to stand in your Bhoes, you are asked to believe that, instead of profiting by your own readiness to help me, I fell back upon a very dubious eortof plot, which might have been discovered at any moment, and was sure io be discovered in the long run. The thing does not sound probable.'* ' ,'-? . 'I don't know that it matters much whether it is pro* bable or improbable,' I Bald. ' The question is whether it occurrtd.' . ' Apparently there is no question about that- in your mind. 'Well, you are quite right. I have lost the game, and I don't mind your seeing my hand. I did fully intend to do all th.at Paulina said, x thought that Lady ConBtance, who is fearfully hard np, and who, I believe, has a real weakness for yon, might be induced to marry you under the rose, if I could persuade her that my father would certainly provide yon with a sufficient income as soon as the marriage was an accomplished . fact. I thought, too, that he would do a great deal to prevent that marriage, and that a will naming me as his heir would strike him in the light of a telling move. His obstinacy would probably prevent him from destroying it when once it was made. It. was -chanosn - voikj of conrw ; but it seemed jurt wortWhil^ jnt^fte;' ' ?? ?. -7 ? ? ?'„?;?*' -': 4 '£.?*, . J^ attempt — especially as I knew that you had strengthened your position by your ridiculous efforts to gain a pardon for me. As it happened, you know, I wasnot called upon to go on with the thing ; but I still think that it might have suc ceeded.' , *- The cool impudence of the man fairly astounded me, and .% deprived me, for the moment, of the use of my tongue. 11 Do you mean me to understand,' I exclaimed indig nantly at last, ' that all your protestations of gratitude and affection, and I don't know what else, were so many lies? Your preferring trickery to plain dealing I don't so much wonder at, since it seems that yon have an invincible love for that eort of thing ; bnt I can't for the life of me see why tou should have made all that pretence of friendship.' ' Well, if t hadn't, I should have had no opportunity of getting you and Lady Constance married, you know,', answered Harry, with perfect composure. I was half inclined to walk round the table and give ; him the thrashing he deserved ; but I perceived that, under all the circumstances, such a course was scarcely practicable ; so I contented myeeif with saying, ' You are far and away the greatest scoundrel I ever saw or beard of.' Harry laughed a little. 'Quite so,' he said. 'And afterwards ? I told you, when we first met, that I was a scoundrel. By the way, what Paulina said about my going to Germany on purpose to look you up was nonsense. It is true that I knew you were at Franzenshohe, and having toga thereupon buBineesof my own I thoughtitmightbeaswell to make your acquaintance, with a view of getting a rather large allowance out of my father, if it could be managed. I had no idea of supplanting you at that time. Come, Charley,' he added, in a slightly altered tone, ' I am cot altogether as black nor as good an actor as I have made myself out. I did feel grateful to you for taking me up; I was even* grateful to you for asking my father to throw you over and put me in your place :— though, between ourselves, that , W8S rather a cheap piece of generosity ; for you Gan't have been quite eo simple as to suppose that he would take you at your word. Still I 'give yon credit for a certain degree of sincerity. And from the first I always had, and I have still, a real likrner for yon.' . '?'-.-'' - *' And j et,' I remarked, *' you would have married me to Lady Constance to serve your own ends, although youinew you would be condemning us to what you. at -tdl events, would consider a life of poverty and misery.' . . ; Barry shrugged bis shoulders. ' I assure you I deplored the necessity,' answered he. ? What was one to say to such a man as this P His exag gerated cynicism might perhaps be the expression of a remnant of self -respect ; but it certainly was not calculated to erou6e pity or sympathy. Reproaches would be out of place ; forgiveness was hardly within the compass of my powere. I could only wish that he would see the propriety of bringing our interview to a close. ' I wonder what the General is about ! ' I sighed, after a long silence. 'Dear me! don't you know?' eaid Harry. 'Jleis closeted with my father somewhere, holding a council of war and urging the expediency of prompt and vigorous action. He will come in here presently, you'll see, to tell me that the up-express leaves at 11.16 to-morrow morning. I only trust he won't add that my allowance is to be re duced ; but I have my fears.' Whatever the General's errand might prove to be, I wished he would make haste about acquitting himself of it ; but I wished in .vain. Harry and I eat looking at one another until at last we were obliged in self-defence to'begin exchanging desultory remarks. It was past 10 o'clock when the General came in with a grave and rather perturbed face* ' My brother has sent me to make a proposition to you,' he said to Harry. ' I don't approve of it myself ; trot I can't get him to see the matter as I do, and 1 am to lay his suggestion before you. I suppose you will be prepared to- hear that he has given up all idea of leaving Thirlby to yon.' Harry nodded. : ' And also that he thinks it would |be for everybody's comfort that you should leave as soon as possible.' 'Certainly,' answered Harry. ' It only remains for ns to take ourselves off the first thing in the morning, and{ never be heard of again.' ' I should say so,' agreed the General. ' To my mind, that would be beyond all comparison the most satisfactory wind-up of the business. But Bernard, unfortunately, holds a rather different opinion. He doesn't consider him self juBttf ed in visiting* the sins of the father upon the child ; therefore he proposes, with your consent, to adopt the child ; but only on the distinct understanding that yovr resign all rights, present and future, over him, and that he becomes, as it were, my brother's son instead of yours.' Q ' And suppose I decline this offer ? ' said Harry. ' Well ; it' you decline,' answered the General, bright ening visibly, 'the property goes to Charley; and, though the boy mipht come down here upon a visit every now and then, he would inherit nothing at my brothers death beyond the reversion of the sum which you have to expect. This appears to me to be in every way the most proper and suitable arrangement.' ' Ah ! ' said Harry ; '» but yon see, I don't think I shall decline. If I agree to this, may I ask whether Jimmy would be allowed to come and see me, and if so, howj&fteQ; in the year?' ** ' He would not be allowed to see you at all,' replied the General curtly. 'In fact, from the moment that you signed the agreement, you and his mother would cease to exist, so far as he was concerned.' Harry flushed slightly. ' Hard terms !— devilish bard terms!' he muttered. ' I dare say. I am hot called upon to give an opinion as to that. ' You muBt judge for yourself whether yon are entitled to expect easy terms, and also whether it would be for your eon's advantage or not to be removed from hia parents. There's the offer— you can take it or leave it.' Harry pushed back his chair, sprang to his feet, and began pacing up and down the room with quick, irregular steps. Presently he paused beside the table, bis lace convulsed By a curious trnile. '* It's a refined revenge ! ' said he. ' Not at all,' returned the General ; ' it's an attempt to do justice, which you are not bound to take advantage of. Though I imagine that you will,' he added, with a sigh. ' Damn it all, sir ! ' broke out Harry fiercely, 'do yon suppose that, because I am this, that, and t'other, I have ceased to be a human being? Does a man become blind when he loses his hearing, or deaf when he loses hia sight?' ' All this is quite beside the mark,*' answered the General coldly; though he looked a little shamefaced, I thought. ?;it was my brother's wish that I should put the two alternatives before you, and I have done so. All I have to add is that there can be np compromise.' ? ? - 'Then tell him that I accept his infernal offer! ' cried Harry. ' He knows, and so do you, that I can't refuse. The boy is all I have to care for in die 'world, and' I care for him enough to let him go. His mother will be glad to get rid of him, and he'll soon forget us both, I dare lay. I am sorry for Charley, who is left out in the cold ; but I am a great deal more Borry f or myself . However, there's not much good in talking. Go and tell him that I accept.' The General lowed. ' I have drawn np a draft agree ment for your signature/' he said. ' Perhaps you will come with me into the study and put jour name to it. If a more forrxal document is required, the lawyers will see to that in a day or two; though I doubt whether any legal contract could be made in euch a matter.' - - t ' Thank you, I'll sign herei'. answered Harry. «? I don't went to see my father any more as long as I live.4' '' ?'.' ?-. *. - The General bowed again. 'There is no necessity fob your meeting that I am aware of ,' he said. ** I will go sol ~ ,. fetch the paper.' . ;*' ' I wish to God I had never come near thiB cursed place P* ]*l * exclaimed Harry, as soon as he was gone. 'Ton may Bay *- . that it serves me right, and perhaps it does; bnt that's cold] comfort.?' ... .' ? ; -1- ???;- '- It was so obviously to my interest that he should not sign that 1 hesitated to influence him in a contrary -Bense1 ; yet I thought 1 might point out to him that he was acting rather precipitately. ' Ought you not to consult yonr wife before you make tip your'nundP' I asked. ' : pf ' Paulina won't careAsnap,'he replied; 'you know that well enough. As forme, I shouldn't change my mind if I had a ytar to think things over in. All that I have done hBB been for Jimmy's sake, not for my own. I didn't want to be Squire of Thirlby— in fact, if 1 had got the place, I should never have lived here. But I did want him to have it ; and of course it is a thousand tifhes better for him to be taken away^from ns. A drunken mother isn't a very edifv ing epectaple tora boy ; nor am I exactly a model father, perhaps. 3!11 be shot if I'm not a more natural oavtlliii my own father, though 1' he added. - ^, ,'? 3*p& ?., . The General came rack, bearing' a half sheet of fofii#tp an* open, wluthihe handed to Barry. 'lamtpjejl^^* - caid fcs, «« that yon can take a couple of days for considera tion, if you chocee.' Harry seized the pea. and scrawled his name at the foot . of- the agreement, without deigning to reply. Then he tossed the paper over to the General, eayina:, 'There!— ? when you give that to my father, you may tell him (hat he can draw.xonipariBons between me and himself at his leisure. We have both of us discarded an only eon ; bat lie kicked, hi) out of doors because he hated him, whereas I have renounced mine because I love him. Sounds odd, doesn't it?— considering what a very Rood and virtuous man he is, and what an unmitigated ruffian I am. Perhaps his booKB of philosophy may help him to solve the problem.' The General, who had assumed a demeanour of cold inflexibility, only replied — u I am not here to undertake my brother's defence ; tout I think you are forgetting that you gave him very good reasons for drumming you out iu the first instacce, and that, since yon have been here this time, you have lost no opportunity of convincing himhe was right.' ' Bight ?— ob, to be sure, he waa right,' returned Harry, with a laugh. 'He has always been right; and that, 1 enppoee, is why he finds it difficult to make the smallest allowance for people who are occasionally wrong. He is quite right, for instance, in removing an innocent child* from the contagion of bad example. And yet, such is my ingratitude and perversity that, bo far from admiring him for this hist performance of hie, I consider it to be,' upon the whole, about the most cold-blooded piece of malignity I ever heard of.' And, without bidding either of us good night, Harry . turned on biB heel, and left the room. ? 5 ' This is rough on you, Charley,' remarked the General, ruefully. ?'Oh, I don't think bo,' said I : ' but it has rather taken my breath away, I confesE. Do you think I might go in and see my uncle f' 'Well, not to night, if you don't mind. He said he . finould like to talk to you to- morrow. He is a good bit shakes, I expect; though you wouldn't suppose it from hlfl manner. Between you and me, Charley,' the -. . General went on confidentially, 'Bernard is a most extra ordinary fellow. Adopting the boy was all very well. I am sorry he «hould have thought it his duty to do bo; still : I am not sui priced. . But forbidding him ever to see his parents again— by George you know, it's a strougisb. measure!' I certainly thought it was. ?'Well, well,' said the General, picking up the paper from the table where Harry had flung it down, and moving towards the door, ' 1 am sorry for that poor devil, little as I like him. , And, what's more, I believe Bernard is sorry for him too. But the odd thing about Bernard is that Ms feelings don't seem to influence him in the smallest degree, one way or the other. I call that a little bit unnatural, you know;' . 