MEMORY AS A N INSTRUMENT OF RETRIBUTION; Dante puts into Erauoeasa'a - lips<> these . . words—"Thereiano. great eti s arrow than ito i . be mindful oLtbe happyitime.immisery;" or, as. Tennyson^repeats the same pathetic, ex perience :— i' This is truth: the poet sings; That a-sorrow's crowaof sorrow is Bemembermr happier things," Shakespearealwaya fastened on memory ,as the.chief element in the.remorse of.his great. characters who have greatly, sinned,, and, in the<agony of those who-bawe-greatly suffered. It i8 memory-- which breaks thehewct -of brazed Eingi Lear moid ithe-hp wllng: tempest, It: is memorywhich tortures .-poor, .noble - OtheUo. Qf BhaJtesBeare'a truantmurderera it.may. ,ba said .that memory lashes them with'whips of scorpions; . Macbeth writhes before Banquo's ghostish&Mng; his gory locks at him; Hamlet's ; uncle: faces- unterrori thh: offence-;which: had the .primal,eldest curse- uppn.it, a ibrotben'a murder, And.whenKhihard III.,.in hia.tent before Boaworth battle, is brought to .front ■ the ghosts-of the murdered'princes and'the murdtredwife, as the psnorama-oMriswicked . career*:painted .in blood, moves before: him, bis remote-smitten soul cries out:— "O coward cousoience,. how. thoa.dcst afflict, nc-J Coif*, fearful drops standon my trembling flash, Whai? do I fear myself-? 'Xfaeie ia none else-by. Is there.a murderer here? No. Yes. I-am., Tb en flj! What ? fly .from myself ?' Neither Jeremy Taylor nor. John. JJjunyan evtr preached, like that, Let. any man be called to-see-bisttwn bad past in-somehour-of tremendous, fear, and. he knows somewhat that which Macbatb^cdRichard knew; The Holy. Gho&t.convlnoeth; of sin, andhow often men whose actions .were as good.as oura.have been brought low. by reviewing their own interior lives in the light of-the fire of-Gpd! ; If memory is eo potent in this ■ life., shall its I power be lost in the next? That itsjposveri3 I not.lost in the next.is (says the Christian <Ag$) : the repeated teaching of Christ,. In the .de scription of the judgment wo aro taught that the mind reverts to this present life .and calls up^eventawhichthenanUthere. occurred. J?auL aiao jfeachcs that ouivfeno wiedge-io-,the other; life, is, to.bo. God's knowledge, of us now* without, imperfection. cr. obscurity.' Howi. ofteovwoisoy, " Well, the thiDg is past and'; tbat.is-the end,of it; It is forgotten and will-' never,.he brought to mind agnin." Not se. Every .idle-word shall be brought into judg ment. Every deed .of darkness, known only to .ourselves, shall he brought into judgments Eveiy?deed of darkness, known only to our selves,, shall be j brought to. light and pro-, claimed from the housetops of memory.. Every meanness and .every wickedness, which we think.erased from the record of ..thtaga,.i8 kept. in a book of remembrance, andtnat hook is our own. minds,.and it shall alb be lived over again and again. 