REMINISCENCES' 'OF THE MINOR : STAGE. Br an Oi.d Stager. Srnoe the days of the early mysteries and iroralities down to oar own time, the at tractiveness of all matters appertaining to the stage and its votaries has become1 pro verbial. My reminiscences in matters theat rical carry me back fifty years, yet I oan re call with vividness my early emotions, my; close identification with the dramatis,per sotits, their joys ond sorrows.: But although • keenly .alive to all tender feeling, I; .never! remember to have been afflicted by terror, orj even fear; yet was there a certain complex ! passion arising out of these which would oc- I casionally result in a sensation of .profound awe, in such scenes as the Ghost in flamlel, the murder in Macbeth, or the death of Vir- '< ginia. In' the days of which I speak, tragedy with a " star .in the chief part was a lux ury not to be indulged in every day ; hence we were fain to content ourselves with'ordi-: nary fare—melodrama and farce. This was : by no means a hardship. The food was melodrama pure and simple, laughter, and . tears closely allied, a combination dear to the adolescent heart. I do not hesitate to , affirm that the ecstasy experienced by a Columbus or a Vasco de Gama in the discov ery of a new continent, is only to be equalled by the felicitous delight of a first night at the play ! .. Doubtless, many of my elder readers can revert to this very memorable event in their lives, and corroborate me. In my own case, a half-holiday from school was held to be'necessary, in order that a prepara tory admonition as to behavior might be ad ministered while being inducted into my theatre-going gear ; my usual ready appetite became absorbed in the novelty of tlie whole thing, and utterly forsook me at tlie. early tea. But for this deprivation I was compen sated later on. In these early days, the doors of the theatre were opened at half-past li ve or six o'clock, "YES" OR "NO." the curtain rising at half-past six; and as every leasee oompeted to give 'full value for the admission fee, the time of closing was rendered problematical. To lose any part of the entertainment-was, of course, out of the question; the forecasting housewife therefore provided herself with a plentiful supply of eatables, to satisfy the cravings of nature; and as " apples, oranges, and ginger beer" were an institution, there was no lack of provenller for either body or mind. ' I suppose that every boy has had his hero, and duly given him his boy ish worship. Mine were numberless. Some of them, it is true, hod shuffled off this mortal coll hundreds of ?rears ago, and become immortal; but the arger proportion were of my own creating ; f euuine to'the core, without fl w or speck, n like manner, tny heroines were all angels; and if our heroes were immaculate, our vil lains were of the most disreputable, type, ihoit emphatically-pronounced rascals. Out low comedian was a comic man, al beit gifted by Dame Nature with the saddest countenance ever beheld. J never saw upon his face the remotest approach to a smile, and yet, withal, his quips and cranks were . provocative of. incessant merriment. His fate aqd his fortunes were cast in unpleasant places : his perplexities were simply delight ful^ and in his direst misfortunes v/e vouch safed him up.sympathy. Always in difficul ties, his life seemed a burden to him; and but for the tender feeling existing,between himself and the pert soubretle, I think he ! , would have succumbed. Of course he mar ried her in the eud ; but as a boy, I used to have my. doubts as to whether, they were happy ever afterwards. In the year 1631, I was bound apprentice | to a London house-decorator in the West minster Road, nearly opposite to Astley's Amphitheatre, then under the management of the famous Ducrow ; and in the practice of niy vocation, it not unfrequently hap. pened that I was employed in a theatre, hence my predilection for the amusements thereof. My first visit to the above establishment was made some years earlier than this. My parents had taken me to witness the Battle of Waterloo. The noise und smoke deaf ened and choked me; but the visit ,vras made memorable by two ojrcumBtances. I dropped into the pit a huge piece of cur rent dumpling, for which I was severely reprimanded ; and I saw Gomeraal as Napo leon I This gentleman I bad many opportu nities of seeing subsequently in the same part; indeed, so olearly was he identified with it, that Inever remember to have seen hipi play any pther. Figure, gait, and cos tume, combined with more than ordinary talent, tended to make the impersonation quite unique. He died at Leeds in 1862, aged seventy-four. The battle over, and complete suffocation not having supervened, we had the scenes in the circle—Ducrow as the Courier of St. Petersburg, with his eight horses. Mibb Woolford; Stickney as Shaw the Life Guardsman; and the enjoyable humor of Bullock the clown, a fellow of infinite jest. This part of the entertainment Buited my taste far better than gunpowder. But Widdecombe, the ring-master, the Widde combe, must not be forgotten. Picture to yourself a short,' stout, swarthy man, clad in the most resplendent uniform, profusely decorated with various orders. His long black hair, well anointed and perfumed, was parted over a low forehead, and hung in ringlets across the broadest aud whitest of shirt-collarB, open at the throat, and worn o la Bvron. His eyebrows and moustaches were trimmed to perfection; aud his boots, so small and so highly polished, were at once objects of envy aud admiration. Mild and unassuming in private life, his natty person was aB well known in the streets of Lambeth as is that of John Bright in the House of Commons. He served the various managements at his house fur a period of four-aud-thirty years, and died in 1854, at the the age of sixty-seven. John G. Cartlitch, the "original Ma zeppa," was born in Manchester in 1793. Allured by the attractions of the sock and buskin, he took to the stage in early life, and afterwards became known as the prin cipal tragedian in Richardson's show at the various tairs throughout the country. From there he was engaged for Astley's. He was, as stated, the original Mazeppa, and played the part more than fifteen hundred times. He then went to America; and after many vicissitudes both as manager and . actor, ho settled down in Philadelphia as the keeper of a cafii in Fourth street; there he died as lately as December, 18ft), aged eighty-two. Cartlitch was not by any means a bad actor, neither was lie a very good one. Touching the "business" of his part he was perfect; but his acting was deficient in light and shade ; the glare and noise of the strolling booth seemed to be always clinging to him ; yet with bis stentorian voice and emphatio gestures he held us in thrall.' i Now Palmer, though equally loud-toned ,-}-it was a fashion in those days—bad greater variety, an easier movement, and oould on occasion be pathetic without being maudlin ; a fair average aotor, of whom we shall see more anon. Mrs. Pope, an estim able woman, who afterwards became the wife of Mr. Sheppard, late lessee of the Surrey Thoatre, was our leading lady, and played Olinska. A more unsuitable part for this excellent actress could not well have been found, Instead of the lithe, youthful figure of the Polish maiden, we had the statuesque and matronly graces of a Her iriioue. Well grounded in her art, tall and majestic in person, slow and measured in speech, she belonged to the stately Bcliool of the Kembles, and at this date was altogether unfitted for the performance of juveniles. But if my reader will in imagination' follow me to the Far East, to the old Gar rick Theatre—long since burnt dowu—I will attempt a portrait of her at lier best, at the samo time affording a glimpse of Borne of her coadjutors. The dtauia is Rob Hoy, with Charles Freer in the title rote. As this gentleman has boon dead nearly five and.twenty years, the present generation of playgoers can know nothing of him except ing by report. He was a'oelebrity in this part of-the town for a long "period. Indus trious, and1 endowed tfith fine talents, he soon became an acknowledged favorite; nor was bis popularity undeserved. Strong ly built, and about the middle height, gifted with a resonant voice — which be came somewhat coarse in bis latter years, from constant exertion—ho was capable of giving fall expression to every emotion. If you did not obtain from him that degree of intellectual insight into individual onar acter as exhibited by a Macready or a Vandenhoff, you at least discovered a ready appreciation of the text, coupled with a singular power of illustration. His per formance of the Highland Outlaw was good and satisfying. Poor Cbarles Freer out lived his talentB and his fame ; and increase of years, and consequent loss of power, reduced him to the lowest ebb. On the evening of tbe 23rd of December 1857, he wandered across Westminister Bridge, and entered a small coffee-house situated in a narrow turning at the foot thereof. Having partaken of a skanty meal, he was shown to bis room, and was never more seen alive, Daring tbe night, while in a fit of tem-1 porary insanity, he committed suicide. But the eveniuf? was long before' VniB melancholy period. 