THE STORYTELLER. PLAIN LIVING. By Rolf Boldeewood. Chapter XVI. Before the Windahgil party returned on the following day, a council of war was held, at the conclusion of which the colonel's face assumed a very different expression from that which it habitually wore. The four men met in his study, where the accounts, assets, and liabilities were laid before the financial authority, who scanned them with keen and practised eye. After what appeared to the others, and es pecially to Willoughby and his father, an as tonishingly short examination, he raised his head ana asked these pertinent questions— "hsee your next bill, £12,437 14s. lOd., falls due in March," he said. " After that there is nothing more to be met but station ex penses for another year, against which, of course, there will be the wool clip. You have 54,786 sheep more or less on the run. Is that " Half of which are to die this winter, Her bert says. Oh ! yes—they're all in the pad dockB," replied the younger Dacre, with a tone of reckless despair, while the colonel's face, drawn and set with steadfast resolve, yet showed by the twitching of his lips, how severe was the repression of feeling—how tense the strain of anxiety. "Never mind about that just yet," 6aid Beresford Hope. " We'll see into the avail able assets first About this next bill, colonel; how do you propose to meet it?" " By the sale of sheep, I suppose. There is no other way. And if this drought comes to pass I am informed they will be next to valueless. How is the next one—of equal amount, and another still, to be paid* In such a case, I see nothing but ruin staring me in the face. Good God 1 that I should have brought my poor children to such a pass!" Here the brave soldier, who had fought with careless courage in more than one battle field, when comrades lay dead and dying around him—who had been the first man across the breach when the rebel artillery was mowing down his regiment like swathes of meadow-grass at Delhi, covered his face, and appeared quite unmanned. " It will never do to give up the fight be fore the end of the day. colonel," said Mr. Hope, gently. " As a military man yon most know that reserves may come up at any moment I will promise to give yon a de cided answer at the end of our colloquy. But we must move on according to the roles of war." " You must pardon me, my dear sir," said the colonel, with a faint smile. " I trust not to embarrass the court again, bat the fact is I am a child in commercial affaire, and the loss of my children's whole fortune touches me too acutely." "Have you any advice to offer, Hubert !" said Hope " I understand we are all here on terms of friendly equality." " Yes, I have," said the young man, with an air of decision. " Yon can all judge of its value. The whole of our sheep, with the ex ception of a couple of flocks of studs, start for our Queensland country in January. The dry belt likely to be affected by the coming droughts is a narrow one, not more than two hundred miles wide, and as the sheep are all strong now, though they won't long remain so, »tneyjshould cross that with little if any loss. Donald Greenhangh, a first-class man, has agreed to go in charge. Sheep are sheep over there now for stocking np new country, and we can sell to advantage what we do not need for Windahgil Downs. The larger the number of stock sent in one lot in an over land trip like this, the smaller the expense of droving per head. I propose that Wantabalree shouldbe cleared in the same way. Wil loughby can go in charge of his own aheep, and we can snare the expense." "I see nothing to prevent such an enteprise from being carried out," said Ma Hope. " I am aware that sheep of good quality, as the Wan tabalree sheep pro verbiallv are, are scarce, and saleable at high rates, in the new country. The main thing will be to have a first-class road overseer, who is acquainted with Hie fes, and used to the work." Donald Greenhangh, the man I have en gaged, has been out with an exploring party over all that country," said Hubert, "and is worth his weight, in gold- He is a sober, steady fellow, and a good hand with men. No better bushman anywhere." "I'm ready to start next week," said Wil longhby, with the fire of ardent youth in his kindling eye. "1 never expected to bare such a chance. But," and here bis face be came grave and thoughtful, "what do yob say, father? Will yon and Rosalind be mile to get on without mef We must try, my boy. The time will pass heavily, I doubt not; but," and here hp walked over to Hubert, mid put his band oh bis firm shoulder, "your father did not grndge you in the path of honourable ambi tion, nor can 1 be more selfish. Hod bless you, boys, and bring you safe back once more | gladden to gladden our hearts.. It seems tome as if Providence bad decided this issue, and that I have little band in it." "I wish, now, to understand,-Colonel Dacre," said Hope: "if, ujpon arrival in Queensland, you will place 20,000 sheep in onr hands for sale—at such prices as rosy be them ruling—and whether, by the terms of your mortgage to Mr. Dealereon—who has, of course, taken care to tie you np as tightly-as he could—you have toe power of disposing of that number." It so happens that I have permission to redeem the stock—1 believe that's toe expres sion—by just.so many," said toe colonel, more cheerfully, 'and I most willingly invest. yon with toe power of disposing of toem." " Then 1 toll take upon myself toe power to state to at toe Austral Company will Snarantee to take np your bill next coming ue, and to provide ypu with funds to carry von oeer toe next shearing, when we may perhaps make a more complete and satisfac tory arrangement" . , The colonel gazed at Mr. Hope with an re pression as of one not fully realising the effect of the words he heard with his outward ears. Then, suddenly stepping forward, he stretched out his hand, and taking that 01 the younger man, wrung it silently. He then retreated to his chair, where he sat down with an expressive air of relief and satisfac tion too deep for words. He then left ap parently all further transactions of the inter view in the hands of the " coming race. They began to go into detail a little, as it about un fait accompli, Hubert, more par ticularly, talking rapidly, in order to cover any appearance of awkwardness on the part of his hosts. ,. " You know," he said, " that by doing this travelling business, we * hedge,' so to speak, instead of standing to lose on the double event of a dry season and a panic in the money market, more than any of us can afford. If the weather breaks in February, of course we needn't have started, but we can't lose anything, as our sheep will be regularly run nfter when we get them over, and at high prices too. They talk of maiden ewes being worth a pound from the shears, and anything else fifteen shillings, while, it it holds dry for three or four months here, sheep will have to be given away or next thing to it" •' I suppose I shall have to hire a lot of shepherds," said Willoughby ; " that will be a nuisance, won't it t" " If I were you I'd leave all that to Green haugh; he's accustomed to these fellows, and knows how to talk to them on the road, while you don't You'd better, ostensibly, be second in command of the expedition. You won't have much responsibility, and will be able to pick up heaps of colonial experience. All you nave to find will be your own horsea He'll arrange everything else and keep the accounts of rations and wages, which you and I can settle when yon get there." "I suppose there's a strong probability of a drought setting in," said Mr. Hope; " if not you will be rather premature." " The more I see of the weather signs the more certain I am that we are on the edge of another drought, perhaps worse than the last," said Hubert " You'll see that a great many people will hang on, expecting it to break up ; then, making sure of getting the ' tail end' of the tropical rains, ana generally trusting to the doctrine of chances until their sheep get too weak to travel, and then " " And what then V asked Willoughby, " I haven't hod the pleasure of witnessing a dry season as yet" Hubert smiled grimly, " You many thank your starB that you will be out of it at Wanta balree with the stock now on it Yon would never have forgotten it as long as you lived. It will not be too much to say that some squatters will lose half their stock, some two thirds, some even more." " If it's going to be so very bad. what will your governor and mine do with the sheep we leave behind, for we must leave some." " They will have all the grass and water to themselves, which will give them a chance, and then, if it gets very cruel, they must cut scrub and oak for them." " Cut the trees down !" said Willoughby, with astonishment. '' I never heard of such a thing I" " You'll find out everything in time, said Hubert " The brave old oak has quite an antipodean signification here. I don't know what we should do without him in a dry time. I've brown sheep in good condition, that hadn't seen grass for 18 months." Before the drive back, which took place after lunch, in the midst of pathetic leave takings between the Windahgil girls and Miss Dacre, the latter young lady took an opportunity of expressing to Hubert her sincere gratitude for his organisation of the opportune alliance which was, so to speak, to raise the siege of Wantabalree. "It has made dearest papa look quite young again," she said. "For weeks and weeks he has not been able to sleep at night, but used to get up and go wandering up and down the garden. I really began to fear for his reason. And now he seems quite a dif ferent man. I am so happy myself at the change for the better that I cannot feel pro perly sorry that dear Willoughby is going to leave us." "He is coming among friends, at any rate, Miss Dacre," said Hubert, pressing the young lady's hand warmly in the agitation of the moment " He will he welf looked after, rely upon it I feel certain it will be for everybody's benefit in the long run." " I shall always think that you and that good genius, Mr. Hope, have stood between us ana ruin," said she, and here her bright, steadfast eyes were somewhat dimmed. If papa does not Bay all that is in his heart, be lieve me that we are not ungrateful." "Nothingcould ever lead me to think thai," said Hubert, meeting her eyes with a glance which expressed more than that simple sentence, _if freely translated. "Whatever happens, I am fully repaid by having merited your approval." By this time Wire and Whip-cord, having their heads turned homeward and being naturally of a restless and eager disposition, began to exhibit signs of fidgetty impatience, which caused Linda to call out to Hubert tfaatshe was sure Whip-ooid would throw himself down and break the pole, if they didn't start at once, which appalling contin gency cut short the interview, gather to Hubert's secret indignation. This' expressed itself in letting them out with a will and quitting Wantabalree at the rate of sixteen miles un hour. Some people would have felt nervous at pro ceeding along a winding, narrow, bush road, well famished with stamps, at such an ex press train pace, but the sure head and steady eve of ■Hubert Stamford, in combination with me light months and regular if speedy move ment of the well-matched horses, always en gendered the most absolute coufidence m his driving. " What do you think of bush life generally, Mr. Hope?" said Laura—after the first rush of the excitable goers had steadied into a fourtecn-miie-an-hour trot—"and how do you like Wantabalree T" "I think all' the Wantabalree people rfect in their own way, worthy to be neigh on of WindahgU," he added, with a alight inclination of his head. " A man could five there very picely' with one fair spirit to be his minister,' if Miss Dacre wonld condescend to the office. It's a lovely verandah to read in. It wonld be like the dayi of Thalaba, while it lasted." " And wby should it not last T demanded Laura. "The bushappears to ins the place of all ojthera where the feelings and emotions, especially those which are natural, are the most permanent and deep-seated." Beresford Hope fixed his eyes upon her us she spoke, with a gaze wistful and almost melancholy In its earnestness. . " Con anything endure that ii fair, joyous.. dreamlike, in this unoertain life ofoursf he said. "Is the ideal existence realised for moetof us, or, if so. dose it continue! Yon are mora fortunate in your exptsfences than I have heen if such is your befltf." % "fimflr iroB have no reason to talk of and despair, Mia she. looking perf boui upward, turning towards him her bright face, in which the summer-time seemed personi fied. " You, who have made a success in your profession, and whom everybody talks of with—with, I won't say admiration—it might make you conceited—but high ap proval." " I have done fully well, I suppose," he | said. "1 may take it a* the natural conse quence of 20 years' hard, unrelieved work. I nave coined my brain, my very heart's blood for it; and I will not Bay but that I have had my reward in a proved success and high consideration. But, at times, a feeling comes over me of unrest, and of doubt, well nigh despair, as to the reality of all human happi ness or success, against which I can scarcely defend myself." " You have been working too hard lately," she said. " Reaction has set in. In old days Hubert used to suffer, occasionally doubting whether life was worth living, Ate. But with men it's generally a temporary ailment, and yields to treatment You must take life very easily for the next week or two, and, like the old labourer in the village church, 'think about nothing.' Linda nnd I must cultivate part-singing, and improve our acquaintance with Wagner, now that we have the benefit of your criticism." "ft is a passing weakness, I suppose," lie said ; " but you would wonder at its intensity. But I didn't come up here to bore you with my whims and fancies. One thing I shall carry away as a pleasant souvenir—that Hubert and I have been able to lighten the load on poor old Colonel Dacre's heart." " I am so charmed beyond measure," said Laura. " Hubert told me something—though he is such a close creature wheirhe is speak* ing about himself that I could get next to nothing out of him. Willoughby will be able to get the sheep away to Queensland, I suppose, with ours, and they may not be ruined after alL" " They will have a hard struggle, hut I really believe the colonel will pull through with Hubert's assistance and advice. If any thing serious does happen at Wantabalree it will not be for want of all the aid that an energetic and experienced young friend can furnish. 1 can see as much as that.!' "And so can 1," Baid Laura; and he could find no better or sweeter reason if he looked for a century." Linda and Hubert, according to their wont and usage, were embarked in such a very animated argument that it iB probable they did not hear this last confidential reference ; more especially as—perhaps for the greater convenience of separate converse — the speakers' voices bad become somewhat lowered, and Hubert'a attention was a little taken up with his horses. The thirty miles was accomplished in little more than two hours. The horses, in as hard condition upon the now partially-dried sum mer grasses as if they had been stabled, ap parently treated the drive as the merest trifle, trotting off down the paddock when released from harness apparently as free (from fatigue as if they had not gone a mile. " I most say your bush homes surprise me,' said Mr. Hope; "they are like Arabs of the desert for pluck, speed, and hardi-1 hood." " These are a little bit outof the common," said Hubert; "not plentiful here—or any-] where else." The merry Christmostide was nearly spent — a season fully enjoyed in those newer Englands, which are growing fast and bloomingtair beneath the Southern Cross, in despite of the red summer sun and brown crisp pastures—a blessed time of rest from toil, surcease of Borrow," gathering of friends and kinsfolk. _ Berestord Hope had thoroughly enjoyed his holiday; more, he averred, than any previous vacation of his life. There had been walks, and rides, and drives, picnics to the limestone caves in the vicinity, where vast halls were explored by the light of torches, stalactites brought home in triumph, and wondrous depths of gloom and primaeval chaos penetrated; fishing parties on the river, where, although the water trickled faintly over the gravelly shallows, the long wide reaches were deep and sport-permitting. Occasional visits to Mooramah, which was their communication with the outer world, helped to fill np the term and drive away the dreadful thought that was uppermost in the hearts of the Windahgil family, that Hubert was so soon to leave tnem for the far north land. As soon as Christmas was well over the serious work of the year—only interrupted by this " truce of God —began again with even greater energy; the industrial battle, never long pretermitted in Australia, raged f uriouBly. So were was great mustering on Windahgil and Wantabalree. Counting of sheep and tar branding of the same with the travelling T, hiring of shepherds and " knock-about" men. Purchase of rations, tools, horses, drays, spring-carts, harness, hobbles, bells, bells, bells—and, in short, the thousand and one road requisites for an overland journey. Towards the middle of January Mr. Donald Gieenhaugh arrived, riding one serviceable horse and leading another, whereon, disposed upon a pack saddle, was all his worldly wealth deposited. A keen-eyed, mild-voiced Soottish- Anstralian, son-bronzed and lean as an Arab, who looked as if the desert sun had dried all superfluous moisture out of his wiry frame. He superintended the preparations at Windahgil in a quiet, superior sorted way, occasionally offering suggestions, bat chiefly leaving Hubert to manage matters as he thought fib He also found time to go over to Wantabalree, where he remained a weak, meeting with apparently greater exercise for his faculty of generalship. At length the great day of departure ar rived. The first flock took the toed through the north Windahgil gate, followed at a decent interval bv a second, until the whole twenty thousand sheep passed oub Next day the advanced guard olthe Wantabalree contingent showed themselves—Greenbaugh having decided to keep a day's march between than. Thirty-five thousand of these oame by. All the fat and sateable shew of both sta* tions had been retained. After these wets sold in the autumn markets there would be but a very small and mtnageable balance on either nuj. * The colonel came as for as Windahgil, and even a stage further, with bis daughter to see his boy off. They were botb draadfully downheartened and saddened to appearance as tbey called at Windahgil on their home* ward route, but cheered up a little under the attentions of sympathising friends. Hubert had remained beblnd, not choosing to fellow for another week or so. He was already be ginning to saraum toe ah of a large operator and successful explorer. "Groennaugh can do all that business as well or better then I can," be said. "It's no use paying a man and doing the work yourself: I can catch them np easily before they get toBanda." "Then we might have had Willoughby for another week," said Miss Dacre, in a mildly reproachful tone. . " I don't suppose it would have made much difference," admitted Herbert, " but it s p bapeaewell that he made the start with I sheep. He has a lame lot to look after, a 1 doat know bat thai it'sm well to tare the! wrench at once, and get it over tooth, you know." Mm no tongue can tell the comfort ifT« sen to us to know that matters are ^ a comparatively favourable train' i at*' not weary you with our protestation.®J181 papa and f can never adequately eXk nt gratitude. pres3 out "That could be done easily thought, the young man ;but he Jid^Y present it a only a case of good intentiL .£ must wait to see how they turn out h ' j® you think you and the colonel willcet on i yourselves f m ou »X "Better thanlatfirstthought left us our old working ovej^er whn X^ excellently to look after a smaller number of sheep. It will just give papa exercuTand occupation to help him to manage them v says. Laura and Linda must be good nJi„r bours, and perhaps Mr. Stamford whi ^' over every now and then and induleewm? with a game oi whist" & " I wiU undertake," said Hubert " that so much may be relied on from our side, but von and the .colonel mast reciprocate. If families make common cause till' Johrm, comes marching home'—I mean Willouehi!; —you will find, the time pass more qmckl* than you anticipate. ' These last days of a pleasant holiday time, what an element of sadness invades theml How swiftly they flyl Ah, me 1 The flowem fade, the sky clouds over as if at the touch of an untoward magician, the laud of faerie recedes, becomes fainter of hue, riinimpW the region of plain prose, of arduous effort and heroic but chiefly dreary self-abnegation looms painfnlly near. Much, however, of this sombre aspect of the inevitable is re. lieved in early youth by the kindly glamour of high hope and the ardent imagination of the aa yet successful aspirant For him the forest gloom is but the high road to the castle of the enchanted princess, the sternest tourney the path to the Btnilesofhis queen of beauty, the burning summer day, the long drear winter night bat aids to fortune and accessories to boundless wealth. So for Beresford Hope and Hubert Stamford the joyous and tranquil days came and went But the fateful morn arose when before its noon Windahml was left desolate and for saken of both heroes. One fared forth along the north-west trail, across the sea-like plains of the Lower Warroo. where the wild orange flowers bloom on their lonely amid islands, bright with glossy-leaved shrubs, and the emu rears her brood undisturbed under the soil-hned myall that waves her slender streamers and whispers ghost-like at mid night to thepitileae desert moon. Mr Beresford Hope, on the other hand, betook himself by rail to the metropolis, to plunge once more, almost with the eagerness of a strong swimmer, into the great ocean of speculative finance, which there "heaves and seethes " always. But before he departed he had transacted a rather important " bra ness interview," in which Laura Stamford was the person chiefly interested, and had, indeed, promised to revisit Windahgil before the winter ended. 