John Tyndall on thj Sabbath. (Oiifirttuvi from- Utt imte.) BUNDAY JUDGMENTS. Memorable examples of God's judg ments upon Pnbbnth-breftkors, nncl other like libertines, in their unlawful sportB happening within this vcuhn of England, wcro collected. Innumerable cases ol drowning while buttling on Sunday woro adduced, without tlio slightest attention to tho logical requirements of the quoe tion. Week-day drownings wcro not dwolt upon, and nobody knew or enrod ': how the question of proportion htood botweon the- two clusse?ofbalhors. '''ho Civil Wnr wan regarded qp n punishment for Sunday desecration. The iiro of London, nnd n EMbeeijuent. great-'-firoiin Edinburgh, wcro ascribed (o this cnuHo j while tho fishermen of Berwick lost their trado through catching salmon on Sunf-v day. A Nonconformist minister named; John Welle, wliobo huge volumo is dee , cribed by Cox an "tho moHt.ted.ip.us; 0f nil tho Puritnn productioriflnboiit |ho Sabbnth," ie specially copious in illuetra-; ' tion. A drunken pedlar,^;V frnuglit-'- -with eoininodilies"~"on ftundny, drops; into a river : God's rottibutivo justice ie . eoen in tho fact. .Welle travelled far in search of instances. Qno Utrich Scbrostorns, a Swiss, while playing at dico on the Lord's Day, lost heavily, and apparently to gain the devil to hie eido ...broke out,into this'horrid blasphemy : ".If fortuiio decoivo 1110 now 1 will thrnitt my dagger into the body of God." " "Whereupon ho threw the dogger np ?Tf?Tde. It disappeared, nnd fivo diope x of Hood, which nVttt wards proved in delible, fell upon tho gaming table. Tho devil then oppenred, nnd with n hideous noiee carried off tha vilo blasphemer. His two companions fnred no better. One was struck dead and turned into worms, tho other was executed. A vintner who on tho Lord's Day tempted the passere-by with a pot of wine, was carried into tho air by a whirlwind and no'ver Been more. " Let n>> read nnd tremble," adds Mr. Wells. At Tidworth "a roan broke his leg on Sunday while playing at football. By a t-ecret judg ment of tho Lord the wound turned into n gangrene, nud in pain nud terror the criminal gave up the ghost. l'-OOLIBII I-nKSUMI'TION. Yon may emilo at these recitels. bnt is there not a survival of John Welle still extant among us ? Aro there not people in our midst so well informed regarding " the 6ecrol judg vents,of tho Lord" ns to bo nblo to tell you, their exact value nnd inirort, from , tho. damaging ot the shnro mntket'through tho running of Sunday trains to tlic calamitous overthrow of, i n ' railway bridge? .Alpbonso of Castile,bonstcil that-if bo bad been consulted at4ho beginning of things ho could have saved the Crfntor 6omo worlds cf trouble. It would not bo difficult to give tho God ot onr inoro rigid SalbntnrinnH n lesson in .uetice and mercy ; for bis nlleged judg ments savour but httlo of either. How nro calamities to ho classified ? Almost within earshot of those who noto tbeso Sunday judgments, tho poor minors of Blantyre aro blown to pieces, while engaged in their sinloes week-day toil. ' A little further off tho bodies of two hundred and eixty workers, cqunlly innocent of, Sabbatb-broakirig, are 01 - tombed at Abarcarne.. Dmas holds its sixty bodieF, while the present year has furnished its fearful tnlo of similar disasters. Whence comes tho visi(|n which differentiates tho Sunday calamity from tho wfok-dny calamity, seeing in tlio" ono a judgment of heaver., and in ? tho other n natural event ?< Wo may '?wink at tho ignorance of John Wells, for bo lived in n pro-scientific nge ; but it is not pienennt to see his features re produced, on however; small n scale, before an odncated nation in tho lattor ?half of tho nineteenth century. TWO VIEWS OP eUADAV. Notwithstanding their strictness about tho Sabbath, which possibly carried with it the usniil excess of n reaction, some of th? strnitcet of tho PuriLnn sect taw clearly that unremitting attention to, businees, whether religior.s or secular, was unhealthy. Considering recreation to be ns nccei?ary to health as dnily food, th?y oxhorted pnronts and masters, if they would avoid the deeccrcation df the Sabbath, to allow J .o children and eervant? time for' honest recreation on othor days. They might have- done well to inquire wbother even Sunday devotions might not, without " moral culpability" on their part, Isrep the minds of children aud servants too long upon the etretcb. I fear mnny of the good men who insist on n Judaic observance of the SHbbath, and who dwell upon the peace nod blessedness to b? derived ft cm A proper use of the Lord's Day, generalise beyond their data, applying! tho experience of the individual to the j case of mankind. What is a conscious joy and blessing to themselves they cun not dream of nu being a poefiible misory, or even a curso, to othern. It is right that your most spiritually minded men —men who, to udo a dpvotionnl phrase, enjoy tho closest walk with God—ehould be TOEr pastors, But they ought nlvo to bo practical men, able to look not only on tbeir porsonnl feelings, but ou the capacities of humanity at lnrgO, and willing to mako their mien and teachings square with these enpacitien. Thero is in Borne minds n natural bias towards religion, n? thero is in others towards poetry, art, or mathematics , but the poet, artist, or mathematician who would eeok to impose upon otbore not ppflsesf- JDg his tastes tho stiuiioa which givo him delight, would to deemed an intolerable despot. The philosopher Fiolite was wont to contrast hie mode of rising into tho atmosphere of faith with the ex perience of others. In his case the pro cess, he Eiiid, wns purely intellectual. Through reason ho reached religion; While in the case of many whom he know this process watt both iiimecesenry nnd unused, the bius of their minds sufficing to render f?iih, without logic, clear and —-Rtrong-.—U-i?nking rnleH tor tho com- differences must bo __f a t EU _ m iQ-?ccount. 'Iho joke which is "TtatTtoTbTftiW nifty bo intolerable to the gift.py, it? own immediate purpose, but frequently intro- 1 ducing reckksonc?? or hypocrisy into minds which a franker and moro' liberal trealmont would bavo" kept free from both. l THE WJJSTMINSTICn pOSKBBSWNi *_ In ]/US tho divines who drowHp tbo ffttnoufi" document known as ? tlie West minnter "Confession began tlu-ir sitting? in Honty tho Seventh's Chapel. Milton thought lii'htly of those divines, who, he eaid, wero Fometimoa chosen by tho whim' of members of Parliament; but tho' fanioue Puritan, Bnxter, extolled them ,/or thoir loaming, godliness, , and' ininisterial nbilities, ' A jonrnnl of their oailieT ? proceedingn was kept by ono'of , their ..members., c C>n tho 18 th of Npveur-, '.?ber,' : l'(i44ylio rocqrde tlio 'occurrence of ''a hrgei d<'hnte".on the Rdnotificatiou of the ''?'Ji'b*rd/e'^.*s^ ;discfory?.^.h^nseiology; as'eerii bly r pfco- r ceeidejd.to coijisider;,th&; : Becorid . prciposi- from all uiincco?eiiry rpcrcatiopsV" |lf^iJ'TCair-;;^debijcd.."^w)i^ ; thQUg|v|s" ehoul(I. not, bt! nd (Jed. tkV?i .whs i?crupuloupjV:: enje>'.thip.'viiaite-.j6'urr ? nnlist, " whether.??? w6 ; ' fihouhl oo'ft s ecbrn to go iihoutijlo bind men's th'oughttf, bnt at last it was concludedupon to bo addod, both for tho more piety nnd for ; that tho Fourth Command includes it." Tbo queetion oi Bundny cookery was then di?cnssed nnd settled ; and, as regards public worship, it w&h; decreed, "'thfct oil tho people meet bo timely that the whole congregation be present at the beginning, nnd not depart until after Uip blessing. That what licno is vacant: between or after tho solemn meetings of tho congregation bo spent in reading, mcilitntion, repetition of sermons," <£c. ThrHo holy intn wero full of that strength already referred to an imparted hy faith. They needed no natural joy to brighten their lives, mirth being displaced by religious exaltation. They erred, bow evor, in making themselves n measure for the world at lnrge nnd insured tbo overthrow of their cause b;. - drawing too heavily', upon -average human nature. " This much," says rJnllam, "iscertain, that when tho Puritan party employed their authority in proscribing all diver sions, nnd enforcing all the Jewish rigour about the Sabbnth, they rendered thijr,. own yoko intolerable to the young and ?gay ; nor did nny other cause, perhaps, 1 bo materially contribute to bting the Restoration." \ ACOKT?TKD BY PAnLIAMKST. , In IG-16, tho "Confu'ssion" agreed upon, it was prosented.to Parlia ment, which, in 1(M8, accepted' and 1 ' published its'doctrinal portion.,' ( There [ ' was no lnck of .deGniteness" in the j Aes'cttiblj'tt statements, 'lhey spoke as ' confidently of the divine enactments as if ' rnc)i member had been porFonally privy | to Iho connBL'le'Of tho Most High. ? : j A GnAND,BU,T VAIN KXI'KIUJIKNT. , J Largo and liberal minds wero drawn-l into thin Sabbatarian conflict, but they | were not the majority. Between the boomiug ol the bigger gmiH wo have an incessant clatter of smnll nrrop. Wo ought not to judge- superior men without reference- to ' tho spirit of thoir ago. This is nn infloenco fiom which they ennnot escape, nnd so far ns it their errors it.ought to be plead ad in thoir favour. Even tho atrocities of tho individual excito lees abhorrenco when they aro seen to bo tho outgrowth of his time. But tho most fital error that could be comnr.itted by the lenders of religions thought is iho attempt to force into thoir own ngo conceptions which have lived'their life, and come to their natural end, in preceding ngrs. llistoiy is'tho record o>! a vuut exuvriin.untnl in vestigation—of a eoarch by man after the best conditions of existence. Tho Puritan attempt was a grand experiment; It had to bo made. Sooner orjnter tbo question must hsvo forced itself upon earnest beliovcrs possessed 'of power. Is it not possiblo'to ru\o the world in accordance wiih tho wishes of God as \- revealed in tho Biblo ?—Jβ it not por- Bible to make human life-'tho copy of a divine pattern 7 Tho question could only ,havo occurred in the fitGt instnnco to tho I moro exalted minds. But instead of, working upon theinner forces and ?eon-, victions of men, legislation presented it- , self as a speedier way to tho attainment of iho dosirsd end. To legislation; therefore,'tho Puritane retorted. Jristoad of guiding, , t they tlius pitted 'ihemVelvi'B tho uncon qni'rnble impulses of hnmnn nntnre. Believing that nntnre to bo depraved; they felt themselves logically warranted in putting it in irons. . But they failed'; and thoir failuro ought to be a ,warning to their successors. > ?? " ' hkW'i OF A' CAIIBAnIAN HO6T. , v /- Turning over tho leaves of thePonth teucb, wlipro God's alleged deoling? wiih tlie Israelites nro recorded, it strikes oho with auiaeemont thnt such, writings should be considered binding upon Uβ. The overmastering strength of habit, thq power of early oducntjon—ppebiblv. n defiance of tbo claims of reason involved in the very constitution of tho rncntol organ—aro'illustrated.l.y tho-' fact, that lournoii wen ore Btill to beioun'dniUiug to dovoto their timo and endowments to thoee writings, uader the assumption that they are not hutnnn but divine. -Aa an ancient boob, claiming ; the snmd origin as other booksf---tho*Old'lVetn* munt is without a rival, bntJte.unnatjVral exaltation proVoheH, recoil and rejection, Leviticus, for example, when rood intliti light of ite own iigtyis Ml of interest and NY? :tdo cribed iho ofiorts of the best men then existing to; civUieo ; tho rudo society around them: ????' Violenco'ie' refitroiried by violonco mcdicinnlly 6ion is checked,' trulh and ju?ticti nre extolled, and nil in n manner suited tp tho needs of a bnrbarian host. -BUI read in the light of our coptioiifl' of! the.deity.'are to b? shockingly mean, nnd mapy, of.U?,oidmp nncos brutril. ' Foolielniess is' far too, weak a woid to apply ro any force HPOri 'a a Jewish lawgiver, 'i'he J" 01,1 of fi,,ch nn uttfimit is sure; and if the destrucHon; of things really precious should be in volved in its failure, tbo blame milljnet y be scribed to thoeg 9k?iRW porsiMotl in tlio nltempt. Lit w tlirV chorbli pur Snnilny ns an inlicritnncr doiivcd of tho jltiHt ;_ hut lot it bojindorfitooil tlmt wo chcrieb | it becnuoo it is in* pripcip'o rcicoiinblo, nnd. in practice eniutnry. Lot nn uphold it, 'becnuFo* i\" cnninipndo \\*sVlf to, ihnl " liglit of nnturo"" wliiul),'l'oppilo the cntnstritplio in Eden, tlio most fnmoiiH UiPolnginu? mention with icspi'ct, nnd not hcrfinan it irf pnjoinrd by" the Ihnndors of Siwni. Wo iiivvoSiufly heard onough oTdi/ino lonuclud \inon,ifijth?, whidi, liowovpr licnutiftil nnd UAiching wlipn , r<*gnrclctl fiom the* proptr point of view, ni? Fccn, ? when cited for onr 'guid mico na ikiatti'rs of [net, ,to ofjfiu , . iwnrynnt nud condonation for thoj? rcntCHtcrinieii, or t6 pink' of , tlio ino&tjp;'iilp ablo abenrdities. '' ' '",','- .'", ' < ! w '? .i \ hot ron mobkb''FAKEW < ! 'Melnncthon *, writes" 4 linoiy -tlius: " Whcriforfi onr decision'iH tlliti : J ihnt Ihppo prcccpiSj w r birlt knlrucil* mo?' hnrc coniiuittcci to j?ritinfr,irnn?cril)ing-tlien) (ronn llie"icominon'"i ronf bn -nnH , common 'fcelingft >of liurnn'n'. nntoro, ( nro to' bjj) nechniitfd'nd/Do Ws'dij'inq ilinn limn' ooiitlnincd hi,tho lulflcs'*of*ftlohoe.!' — 'j)ugnld iStoWnrl's trnhnlhtion. ? *llong- Hti'/ibci'g quoics frpni tlio tifinio rcfdrfiier ns folloff? : " Tbolnwof not binding upon as, tliougfe eonio things which the law contains nro binding, bp- CDDhO'thej coincide with' thq law , of n?liiro. , ?—Seo Cox, vol,'i, p\ Se'O.",Tho Cnteohfem of the Council) of. .Trent cxprcesca n 'Jhorojnrp, then " dntn of ethics" over and 'above the revealed oiiop!, , ?* t "DV Titnnt BihHixe;"? In this, ns in all other'thctilftgicnl'diF cnecione, it ia inlcrceling "to noto how cbnractcr , colonrs, religious ,fet']iiig-nnd conduct, 'iho reception into Chriel's kingdom bee been emphatically described riR bring born ngein. A certain likonons of foaUirn among Ohrietiaue ought, one would think, to rc6nlt from n common tipiritunl pnrcutnge. But tbo likeness is not obsorved. Christian commnrilio? cmbrnco some of thelofiioft and many of Ihn lowest of mankipcL It mny be urged that the lofty ones only aro tinly reli gious, i -To this it is (o bo v nlied, that, the otborn aro often as roligious as tlicir, natures permit them to be. Character jiejicrc tbo otermastoriiig force. That religion should influence life in n high way implies tlio pie existouco of natural dignily. This is tbo mordant which fixes tho religions dye. Ho who is cap able of feeling tho finer glow of'religion would ,, possess n rsiibetraturri''.available for all tho relations of life, oren if liis religion wore taljen awny. lieligion, on tho other hand, does ' not' cbnrro away malice, or mpkogood dcfct'|Bo(ch/\ratter. J hnvo nlrcncly jpoken of per?cciition in its meanci forms. On tho lower levpls of theological warfare eiicb ore coiihnonly restored to.- If yon reject n dogmn on inlellccttml grotuuln, it is beconsa ( iheru i$ ii p'ciew looiso in your molality ; eonib porsntinl pin besots and blinds you ; tbo intallect is cnplivo to h corrupt,lipart. Thus good in on barn been often calumniated by others who were not good ; thus frequently, havo tbo noble become n targot for tho vicltcd nnd tho mean. With tbo advnnco of pubtic in telligenco tho d?y of such assailants An happily drawing to a clouc. T)VO IGNORANT OIAJNTS. ~ These reflections, whielj connect them selves with reminiscences ontsido tbo Babbnth controvnr?y, havo been moro immediately prompted'by tlio.'aeporeioD? cnel by rertnin Sal>liatarinn? upon those who difi'er from them. ? Mr. Cox notices and reproves soino'of thece. According ?to tho Seottifh "Sabbath ,'Allinn'cp, for oxnmple, all who ?ay that.thu BalibaUi ,wnfl, nn cNclubively Jewihli institution, including, he it noted; Mith men an Jeremy - Taylor' antt ' Milton, " clearly prove wither their diilioncsti/ or ignor ance, or inability to comprehend a very plain and siniplo subject." This bccomcH real humour when wo , compnr'o tho epoakore with the porson? spoken of,, ('Jolie Cnntihvni) 