SPORTING INTELLIGENCE. RACING. To morrow will be a busy day with the owners and trainers of racehorses, when the general entries for the V RC Spring Meeting will close at 4 o'clock The events are of a most interesting and varied nature, including weight for age races of various distances, handicaps of all descriptions, and cross country races. The entries will close at 4 o'clock at the office of the club At a meeting of the committee of the Victorian Amateur Turf Club, held yesterday, Mr A K Blackwood was appointed chairman for the ensuing year The following gentlemen were appointed to act as stewards for the ensuing season -Messrs A. li. Blackwood, Hurtle Fisher M O'Shanassy), J L Purves, and the Hon W Pearson A meeting of the stewards was subsequently held, at which it was decided that Abdallah was eligible to start for the Findon Harriers Vase there was the usual gathering of racing men ) esterd ty at the various tr) sts, but very little business was done Plausible was still in demand for the Melbourne Cup at 100 to 7 Arsenal was backed to a considerable extent at 100 to 8 for the Maribyrnong Plate Beyond these events only a few small wagers were transacted Strange to say, there has been very little business done as yet on the Caulfield Guineas the following scratchings have been posted -V A. T C Spring Meeting Selling Race Stafford Maiden Plate Achilles, Commerce, The lingo, Cadland Sheep iii, and 'Loo Too Findon Harriers' Vase-Dundee 1 nat Hurdles-Matador, Cockboat 'Toorak Handicap 1 issue, St John King of the Gipsies, Black Diamond, and Madge Steeple chase Lette. Melbourne Cup - Paganini and the Frenchman FLEMINGTON '1 TRAINING NOTES Proceedings commenced at a very early hour yesterday morning, a pair of horses being on the track at half-past 3 o'clock. Every year there is Borne trainer who affects these moonlight gallops, but beyond injuring the constitutions of good hear nothing ever comes of the practice Shortly after daybreak Leporello, with Pigott in the saddle, and Vasco for a companion, went a mile last, and, so far as could be judged, made excellent time, though the tents were unable to take it correctly owing to the misty state of the air on the flat hindering them from seeing the post Gratitude did slow exercise on the tan and Anglesey was sent a working gallop on the Anglesey was seen, at uni ne, j, i i e outer circle Hawthorn and Mary Louise were the next out and after a canter ran a fast mile together on the sand 1 smond and Sauvignon cantered for some distance and rattled home with a In civ spurt Lord V ii ton was bent a fast gallop once round I the sin I tried Miles and Impulse followed and did similar in oil Merritt and W Petrass did a list round on the sand track when the latter was pulled off and the colt finished the last six furlongs in fine style Rebus was sent an extended gallop of a mile and was followed by Merry Christmas who came home with a last spurt of three furlongs ihcBroler and Dirk Uattenck did annie an I quartet in company the pace being last throughout Plausible did steady half pace work It is said this horse did a good time on Friday last which accounts for the stable supporting him so strongly for the Melbourne Cup I lying in was the next to appear He went on the band trick doing one found in excellent time, and finishing" apparently well within himself Amelia Victoria was sent a fast five furlongs which she accomplished in a very satisfactory manner Iolanthe and Tempe were the next out the pair doing six furlongs in first time Battalions was sent one round on the sand track at an extended gallop the round being done in excellent time Rapid and Hazard went one round on the sand Uriel atac,oodwoiI ingt,aIlop Hunicniie went by himself doing, some men striding work Josephine in company with Dunstan, went once round the band truck at a good pace and were followed by Prodigal and Signor who did similar work Commotion was next but he did nothing worthy of special notice Uralla austere 1 and the Kiv fire colt with Auclicnd noth were bent three quarters of a mile at a strong pace Monte Christo and 1 vie cantered and came home the last three furlongs at a very neat piece love and Lord 1 Exeter were sent a I the gallop of a mile Mr Lamond's two year-olds were sent out but they only can tered B uko and reminds cantered steadily for some distance and spurted home for six furlongs which they covered att fast pace Guesswork cantered and was followed by Arsenal and Dvnscuse who finished with a merry sr urt Martini Henry with Lines in the side He and Despot with Hales up were the next to appear and their proc sounds were most intently we watched by the touts Alter a gentle canter the pair were sent for a fast gallop of a mile and a half in which they accomplished one roan You the sand track in lm His After a long interval the Ascot appeared and gave the spectators alike o, purity of using their in a 11 n r I r, t in 1 watches. He ran one round on the sand trials in the exceedingly good times 2m. 300a , all us he was apparently cased oil at the Imlah the gallop was regarded as the best of the season. The usual contingent of cross country horses worked at intervals during the morning. CAULFIELD TRAINING NOTES. A white frost carpeted the running track yesterday morning. Nevertheless trainers were at business soon after 3 o'clock, R. Rowe doing slow work with Chester and Nonsense, when W. Higinbotham took possession of the turf with Don Quixote and Tissue after doing a canter, the pair strode along for a working gallop of over a mile, Yately following and the son of Warlike, who exhibits a bit of form, went twice round, improving the last one to three-quarter pace. Friendless and Syphon still useful pace work on the band for a couple of miles. Capri, accompanied by li Rowe's Polestar, went twice round the running ground, the last one at a strong ish pace; but the son of Yattendon went very sluggishly. Norfolk, The Ghost, Grace Darling, Burra Burra, and Nuncio were all treated to cantering work. Angler, Veritas, and Midnight did similar exercise. Coriolanus was working with The Bohemian Ut half pace for a circle of the turf, Deceiver and Ontario doing brisk pace work for a couple of miles on the band. Mozart and Scaramouche, in company, i in sharp pace over six furlongs, the son of Napoleon going in capital style, and the steeple racehorse Struggler was bowling along for good strong exercise on the Bond, Legrand bending along for a couple of miles on the running track, but the big horse seemed to move lazily. Wonga was exercising, and interested was doing borne capital vi oil on the band. Melodious, after cantering, ran over ten furlongs brisk!) and Gilderoy, with Spartan, worked on the Bund, when the latter horse schooled over the hurdles, acquitting himself well. Eglinton was exercising F. Long had Kingfisher on the track doing moderate work, as also Egbert and Canute. Mr Dargin, who arrived on Monday overland with the two-year i old filly Mubra, was cantering. Mr. Davis treated David and Ditto in company for slow work, hashing the last half-mile at a brisk pace, the three-year-old Dargo and Camenne winking similarly. Un. bel to cantered, The Laird during fair pace exercise on the sand Cupola cantered round the turf, and then strode along over seven furlongs, Merry Fenella joining him, but she was of little service to Mr. Cleland c was of more service to war. veterans H coil There was some sharp work done on Monday afternoon, Novelette and Queen Bess running over a mile for a good gallop, and Mr. Dal is's colts David, Ditto, Dargo, and Camerino acre all indulged in extended work, Mr Shaw having Sprightly schooled over the big timber, which brought an unimportant morning's work to a close. SPORTING TELEGRAM. (FROM Otm COIlltLsrOXDLXT.) WAGGA WAGGA, Tuesday. The acceptances for the Hurdle Race, Gold Cup, Steeplechase and Grandstand Handicap, in connexion with the Spring Meeting of the Murrumbidgee Turf Club, close on Thursday afternoon with the secrets of the M.T.C., A.J.C., und V.R.C. THE COLAC ROWING CLUB. (By Tei.lgkapu From Our Cokiwspomjem' ) COLAC, TUESDAY. The Collie Rowing Club opened the season to day with trial fours for the president's trophy. The weather was fine, and there was a large attendance of the public. The day was observed as a half-holiday, the business places closing, 'Seven crews competed, stroked respectively by Huckliind, Norton, Cole's, Denis, Cordner, M'Leod, and Paterson, the latter getting a bye. In the first round Hack and beat Norton, Foley heir Deans, and M'Leod bent Cordner. In the second round Foley beat Hackland, and M'Leod beat Paterson In the row- oft M'Leod beat Foley rather easily. The low- ing was good throughout, and it is probable that the club will be well represented at the different regattas this season. ROWING. SCRATCH EIGHTS. The tenth and eleventh heats of the Association combination scratch eight cared race here lowed on the Upper Yarra last en- trainer W utters, on the north side, beat Blake, on the south side, very comfortably. Odilen, on the south side, defeated Gouulc, on the north side, by a little better than a length, after a smart race. The two next heats, between Qugersoii and Boyd, and Waitara and Ogden, will be rowed this evening. 