Southern Argus Telegrams* SvnNBV, Wednesday Evening. It is rumored that Dean Cowper in tends to resign as soon as Bishop Barry ha* boon permanently installed in the diocese. An inquost was commenced to-day on tho body of an infant, a^ed 14 davs, named Hunrv Swanbroucrh. who, it was alleged, had benn mtir darcd bv hin falhcr, who threw a candlestick at his wife, which struck tho child. Medical evidence proved that tho child died from a fi'bcturud skull, tho lo.sult of considerable vio lence. The child's father has boon arrested, and the inquest adjourned until next Tuesday. A proclamation has been issuoil prohibiting the exportation of gun powder and ether warlilco stores to the islnnds in the Torres Straits and tho Western nml Southern Pacific inclusive of British possessions in those waters Tim crowded condition of thn Svd ncy Hospital is becoming a matter of wv'wiis itnpomnctf, nn none bui urgent casi's can be admitted. Princis Alfred Hospital is likewise gn:r--ly ovi'ivrowdiiil. At St. Vin cr'Ht's Uospitnl tlu'io ai« only 24 v.'iPiiut bi'i.bi, Thn Minister for Mines has roccivc.d a (.(ili'gram from tha Oovoriimcnt VL-tcrinnry Summon si-nt In Tasmania to rcpurli on tuberculosis in ruhliits, to tin: effect (but out of ')0 rabbits Nolnctiid 37 Wi-re affectnil with tho disease, adding that thu slock was not affected. London-, Tuesday. The Propaganda will nominate a successor to Dr. Vauglmn on nest SaturJay. The portion of tlvs cargo damaged by lire of. tho Chimboriixo's mutton, shipped nt Sydney, realised 4Jd. per lb. The Bishop of Lichfiulil is found ing a new clerical order, which ho has named the ' Pastoral Ordor of the Holy Ghost.' The bishop siys he has done thin ' after much de liberation and prayer.' ' Atticus ' of the ' Leader' is re sponsible for the publication of the following characteristic letter of acknowledgment from on« of tbo newly made J's P. of Victoria : — '' Sir, — Your note to hand, for which my thanks. It will give me great plea sure to administer the laws of this our adopted country, This work I will make convivial to mo. I will try also to familiarise with the poiicci magistrate, and will take every op portunity of collaborating with him. He is a iino gentleman, und quite a popular character on tdc bench. I lope by my attention to merit your further favours, and by my disin terested faith fulness to my su periors to win their good wishes.' A oiugular incident is reported from tho ' black country.' A gen tlmnan near West Bromwich, having a favorite hocso shot through ago, a number of men, who obtained pos session of the carcase, met at a public house at Oldbury, and had the ani mal's heart cooked and served up with sage and onions. The horse was nearly 40 years of age, yot tho gourmands pronounced tho dish to be equal to duck. PAttttAMATTA, Tuesday. — A cow ardly and unprovoked assault was committed on Edward Ho well, a member of the Parramatta Volunteer Fire Brigade, by a man named John Denraoad. The latter threw a stone at the firemen while on their engine, and struck Howcll a severe blow on the temple, liowcll immediately fell down insensible. Some of the men instantly jumped off the engine and gave chase to Denmead and caught him. Yesterday he was brought before the poiice court and fined £10, with £1 ICs. costs ; the alternative being three months' im prisonment. Moutnu, Wedue»*l»y.— The bu«U firei around. Homy* hare destroyed much valuable property and many mile* of fens ing. The outhouiei of Mem*. T. Etnmott and Befternun were burned dotrn, BIr. Martin Poverty'* hon»e wudeitroyed, and 'Mami*. M'lntfMli and GbodinVtmimiuifc were in great danger. A lirge extent of mss land has *l«o been btrned. A nam ber of other disttten ate Teportod. WELLS' 'ROUDH OM CDRNS.'-A»k for WcJU*. 'Bough on Oona,' Qafck aOirf, oomplate/ JMtTniUHsnt cure. Corns, 'wirto, bunions. Hoass Hoar and Co., 8ydaey, Gen eral Agents. B» 