SEBMONS.-NO. XXXVH. ! THB tlRRUTY OF r,TTTr.FMF,c?=?. [By the Brothers Nemo.] It does not come within the province of a lay preacher whose pulpit is a column in the Bxpreti, and whose congregation is so largo and so mixed as ours is, to touoh upon every theme of public interest. Controversial theology is, of course, among our tabooed subjects, and so are the nioe questions affecting ecclesiastical history or tradition. As for ourselves we value a church not on ac count of its venerable or its recent formation, but solely by reason of its practical worth as the upholder of certain social virtues. Among the themes which we lay preachers claim equally with our clerical brethren are those connected with public honesty, and charity, and morality. All sections of the community are equally interested in getting rid of what is mean and base and hurtful to our peaoe and well-being. Shams of all kind, whether sanctioned by sacred usages or bolstered up by godless propagandists, are foes to our i social harmony and common self- respect, and deserve to be held np to scorn. We received a letter the other day which brought ub face to face with a question of some delicacy as to our province as lay preachers. It ran as follows Kapunds, October, 1884, My Dear Brothers Nemo—I do not doubt that you have read the report in the papers of tho new movement in referenoe to the Y.M.O.A. and its threatened opposition. I have read it with pain and shame. I did not think that there were any people in oar midst who would or could hold such narrow-minded and bigoted ideas, as those which were given forth at the recent meeting for the establish ment of a rival association forthe young men of the Church of England. I was especially amazed that any man should actually trumpet forth his littleness of soul, and let it be known that his ideas were so shrivelled and poor. I have always thought that the Church of England aimed at showing what is called a " catholic " spirit, and hated whatsoever was schismatic and shallow and mean. I may be wrong, but I fancy tbat the meaning of the word "catholic" is universal or compre hensive, and not the reverse. However, I wish you would give us a sermon on the subject, and do something to show up this anti-catholic movement. The Y.M.C.A, is what I call really catholic. It has a basis as broad as Christianity itself, and just for this reason I am glad to hear of its prosperity.— Yours, &c.;, John Smith. We were much obliged to Mr. Smith for reminding us of the matter; but we were ia doubt whether or not this squabble among the sects was a proper theme for us to discuss. Among other formB of liberty which it certainly would not be wise to suppress must be .'placed this "liberty of littleness.' It a man likes to harbor in his own mind the Idea that he is the most righteous and proper manin the world, and that all the rest of man kind are children of the devil, tbat is no reason why we should interfere with his eccentricity as long as it does not become a public nuisance. There is a certain citizen in a certain city in Australia who holds that a vacuum is the greatest force in nature. We know of others who are burning with an enthusiastic belief that all of us, who are of English descent, are the lineal descendants of the ten lost tribes. Mr. Woods wishes to convert ns all to a faith in the power of Christ to heal diseases even now by a touch, while some other wandering viaitants wax furious in their eloquence in proving to us that the idea of any God at all is a mistake. We dwell in a free country, and it is a delicate question where freedom ought to end and where re straint ought to begin. The late John S tuart Mill, laid it down, as a practical maxim, that every man's liberty ought to be respected as long as it does not touch injuriously the in terests of others. This sounds very well as a theory, hut as we read it we thought what ought to be our course of conduct sup posing a man wanted to put au end to himself by drowning himself. There is a man, let us say, on the banks of the Torrcns. He is stripping off his clothes in preparation for the fatal leap. We know tho man; he is a worthless member of society; hi3 loss will be a relief rather than otherwise; he has no family to suffer by his death ; he is alone in the world; he is tired of life and wants to get rid of the burden of existence. In such a case, according to Mr. Mill's theory, no one ought to interfere with his personal liberty "to jump the life to come" if he likes to make the venture. But in spite of theory we imagine that conscience would bid us lay violent hands on that man and prevent him from doing the deed ; in spite of theory Mr. Eeddome would commit him for trial with out hail if instead of ourselves some passing policeman saw the man about to "drown himself wittingly." This " liberty of littleness" wants guarding from intrusion. It may be a very silly thing in itself, bnt except in very extreme cases it Onght to be upheld. The liberty of little ness is the penalty we must all pay for liberty of greatness. It is the shadow of freedom, and no substantial reality can avoid casting a shadow when placed in the healthgiving sunshine. An old German legend tells us a story of a man who thought he could dispense with a shadow, and in an evil moment sold it for some large amount to the designing evil one. He thought he had the best of the bargain, bnt he soon found out that he had been grievously outwitted by the devil. A man without a shadow was so unnatural and so uncanny a creature that nobody would trust him. Similarly everything must have ts shadow, and after a while we all find out that the shadow is quite harmless. We pondered carefully this letter from Kapunda. Kapunda has recently obtained a curious reputation in our midst as the fulcrum on which the mighty lever of land reform is to be placed. This Kapunda arrogance made us at first very suspicious of the letter. We thought it might have some connection with the great manifesto. Finally we made up our minds that it was our duty to go right in the teeth of our correspondent and uphold with all the force of our pen the sacred " duty of being little." If the congre gation of the Itev. Uriah Heep has the idea that it and it alone is "a garden walled round, chosen and made peculiar ground," and forthwith resolves that it will have a Young Men's Christian Association of its own, that it will carefully mature its own "young cedars fresh and green," will look out for them aB they arrive from abroad, and will warn them against joining any literary society in the union, or any YouDg Men's Christian Association formed on wider principles, and especially against being sucked into tho pro posed rival Church of England Institute, who shall say them nay ? The ltev, Uriah Heep has a perfect right to belittle his own soul if he likes, and if his congregation like to follow him they can do so. If those eccentric fellow citizens who believe in the preaching of ghosts like to form " Lyceums " in which young men can be taught to make themselves merry in the company of errant spirits, they may do so without let or hindrance. The rest of the world may laugh at them, but that is all. So in reference to the Y.M.C.A., if any large-sonled members of any of the churches deem that their young men are cot safe in the exercise of evangelical usefulness; if they think that it would be far better to train them in fisticuffs or billiards than in piety; if they Hatter themselves tbat the true unction ia wanting in the association ; it they like to drag out of the far past any small theory of ecclesiastical exclusiveness, no one can find fault with them. They are doing what they have a right to do. They are but exercising their exclusive right to the liberty of littleness. It may be urged that the Y.M.C.A. Is only following in Adelaide the same lines that it is following in other parts of the world; that its main supporters in its evangelical work in Sydney are to bo found among the Anglican clergy; that If it took any other course it would be putting itself out of the ranks of other similar associations; but all this ia beside the question, It does not even touch the fringe of our argument. What has English or colonial or American precedent to do with the South Australian liberty of littleness 1 IE that littleness does not injure the liberty of others it is bound to be left alone. Even if carried to the verge of corporate suicide no onlooker, be he police man, or parsoD, or member of the board of the Y.M.C.A., has any right to thwart tho jpurpose of any t9 09wmit/fig <U te, 