T H E S P E C T R E B R E D E G R O O M . A CHRISTMAS STORY. B r Mbs Goedon Smtthies. CH APTER L T e e wedding bells wore ringing iu the cold clem* air, and every leaf, twig, and blade of'grass, crusted with hoar-frost sparkled in' the pale wintry sun I t was Christmas Eve. Strange to say, this day lmd been fixed upon for the marriage of Mary de Lisle and Sir Gabriel Ellesmere. I t was an old custom in the De Lisle family to marry on Christmas Ere. Mary was the last of the De Lisles—a once wealthy, powerful familv, now much impoverished. Mary lived with her widowed mother in the old manor house where Bhe was bom, and which she was to quit for the grandeur of Ellesmere ITnll one of the noblest of 'th e stately homes of England/ Mary was in her s>wn chamber. She stood before the old-faahionod^oval toiletglass, withits carved oaken flame. A hat glass had refiobtcd*Uic beauty and blushes of many generations or brides of a family celebrated for the loveliness of-its daughters. Mary do Lisle was eighteen. She was passionately in love with Lor bridegroom; trembling with a joy too deep for utterance* and y e t clinging to the fond, proud mother, who. now that the “object of her hopes was all but attained, was very pale and hysterical with emotion as she folded her darling in her arms, and rested that delicate and blushing face on her maternal aud-full bosom. ‘ Is he come, mamma P* faltered Mary. / N o , dearest? but Dr. Trebeck, wbo arlast night too late to come here says Sir Gabriel's directions to him were to escort us to church, if bo were not here himself by ten o’clock, as the church is so much nearer to the hall than to this house, and Gabriel had some very important business to transact this morning. He thought that arrangement would Bave time/ /W h a t business could he have to take him away at such a time, mama? He never told me of any/ Mrs de Lisle was silent. She knew that Sir Gabriel Ellesmere, young, handsome, and at one time very gay, had been entangled before be was of age, in a very unfortunate attachment to a poor girl, who liad sacrificed everything for his sake— home, name, fame, and peace of mind, and that the unhappy creature was a mother. In strict confidence Trebeck, who was related to Sir Gabriel, and in fact was his uoxt of kin, had revealed this sad story to Mrs de Lisle, wbo therefore understood that the bridegroom might have business to transact which he could not confide to his intended. A message from the vicar and the young doctor, sent by Mary’s little maid, compelled Mary to leave her room, Leaning on her mother’s arm sho glided like a sunbeam down the broad old black oak staircase, and entered the dining-hall, where the little wedding party awaited her. The dtfeHner was tastefully set out, and a superb wedding-cake, presented by Dr. Trebeck, and brought down by himself from Gunter’s, glittered like a mimic Mont Blanc in the Christmas sun. It was a mile and a half to the church. All the way up hill, and the roads rutty and bad. /■ \Ve must sot out at once/ said the vicar. The carriages were at the gate. Trebeck escorted the bride; Dr Vernon pave his arm to her m other; and the two bridesmaids— not very well pleased— followed arm in arm. 4Who ever heard' of having two bridesmaids and one bridesman at a wedding?’ said the cider Miss Vernon, who, rather on the wane, was growing angular in form and sharp in temper. ‘ What a miserable affair!’ Dr. Trebeck folded an ermine mantle round the bride. She looked pale and shivered; yet the sun shone brightly. I he air, though frosty, was not very keen, and the merry peals of the church bells, ringing loudly and gaily out, ir honour of the wedding day of the squire, Sir Gabriel, and Mary do Lisle, the belle of the village, enlivened the quiet drive through the hills. CHAPTER II. At the entrance to the church, the school children, and all the villages, in their Sunday best, were assembled. The path from the churchyard gate to the porch, was strewn with flowers. Every cottage window had been put under contribution. The beautiful bridal carriage and four, with the postilions in blue satin jackets, and with huge white favours, was at the gate. ‘ Gabriel is here, then, before us, Dr Trebeck/ said, Mary, joyfully. 'N o/ replied Trebeck. ‘ A t his request I ordered the bridal carriage from B----- to be here to meet him. He was to drive over from the hall in his own brougham/ When they bad waited some time, the vicar drew Dr Trebeck aside. * Had we not better 6end a man on horseback to tbe ball ?’ he said; * and another to the station. Heaven grant there may have been no accident!’ ‘ Oh, we should have heard of it by thi6 tim e!’ said Dr Trebeck. 4 Such news travels swiftly/ ‘ The ten o'clock train has been in more than half an hour/ said the vicar. * The next train does not reach Ellesmere till 11*45. W hat if he should arrive after canonical hours!’ Dr Trebeck sent the bridal carriage off full gallop to the hall, and despatched Topper, Sir Gabriel's new valet, who was in the rumble, to the station. Topper, was to telegraph to Sir Gabriel's lodgings in St. James’s street, and to bring back the reply Meanwhile, Dr Trebeck, by Mrs do Lisle’s desire, kept dose to tbe bride, wbo grew paler and paler every minute. She bore up, however, till tbe bridal carriage returned from the hall and Sir Gabriel’s valet from the station. Sir Gabriel had not arrived at the hall. The answer to the telegram was— * Sir Gabriel left us, we understood, for tlio Con. tinont, yesterday, a t 3 p.na/ When Mary heard these words, a cry of agony burst from her white lips. ‘ Oh, m other!' she exclaimed. And as Mrs de Lisle rushed forward to support her, Dr Trebeck extended his arms, and caught the sinking form of the bride, who had fainted. It was a long time before all the skill of Dr Trebeck— and he was very skilful— could restore Mary to life and misery. By the time consciousness had returned, the hour of twelve had struck. The unliappy girl was driven home to the old manor house in company with her mother and Dr Trebeck. In spite of all Dr Trebeck could do, Mary's agony of mind brought on a brain fever. At one time even lie despaired of her life; and had she been bis own intended, be could not have been more de* voted; more'intcnsely anxious. In her delirium, she constantly apostrophised Sir Gabriel, and persisted in asserting that he was by her bedside. ‘ What is that crimson stain on your waistooat* Gabriel ? *;sbe would say. * Why do you not speak to me, Gabriel ? Why do you glare on me thus ? .W hy is your cheek so pale? Speak to m e! He beckons! I must follow him! * . . - Then she would try to. -rise} but .with the effort she would sink book exhausted and insonsible. But Mary’s time was not yet come. ..D r Trebeck watched her through the terrible crisis. ' Mrs de Liele'averred that his skill and care alone had saved, lior darling’s life. The long- midsummer days found Mary tho ghost of her fonnor self, slowly gliding like a shadow about the old manor house, -where eo lately she had flitted like a sun- beam, pacing the quaint, .formal gardens, or watching the water-lilies floating pn the dark, deep waters of the moat, beneath the old trees and older walls/ • ■ But wherever.she wont* or'w hatever she was doing, it seemed to Mary that ere long a shadowy form, would steal to her side. JTho form of S ir G abrieli : She told her mother of this strange sense of invisible companionship, and added-that a cold, sepulchral d raught of air always seemed to usher in the invisible presence. Mrs de Lisle confided this strange hallucination to Dr. Trebeck, who treated it as hypochondriasis, quoted many learned authorities and parallel cases, and prescribed travelling, and an entire change of ir, scene, and tbe habits of life. * Alas, dear-doctor 1' said Mrs de Lisle, you know how small any income is at b est, and now the breaking of M- ■* *s bank has deprived me of my little capital) while last year’s bad harvest makes it impossible for old Grimes to pay his rent. Hoiv, then, can I give my poor girl the advantages you advocate ?’ giving her to me, dear friend/ said Dz*. Trebeck, ‘ I love her still—not with tbe wild passion Ife ltfo r her when she was in all the radiant bloom of her beauty, but more tenderly, more deeply, for all she has uffered/ ■ * But will she consent ? Docs she not till love that fatso, bad man P ' mo d Mrs e Lisle. * Show her that letter he wrote her the ay after that fixed for the wedding :* said Trebeck. ‘ Is there no fear of a relapse P Mary is proud/ said the mother. ‘ A u d to her pride I look for her cure said Dr Trebeck. * She is now fu ll of illusions about Sir Gabriel. That letter will destroy them all/ .. Thus urged, Mrs de Lisle sought Mary n her own room, and, after tenderly emracing the wasted form of her darling, he put tho letter into her hand, saying— * Oh, Mary, had you a male relative of any kind, this villain must have been punished/ Mary read as follows :— ‘ I have deceived you, Mary, but not intentionally. I thought I loved you, Alas ! at the eleventh hour I find I deceived myself. Another has taught me what love really is. You cannot forgive me, I know, for I cannot forgive myself. Still, let me make what poor atonement I can. One who has so loved Gabriel Ellesmere must never want. Your cheque, then shall be honoured to the amount of L200 p.a., at Lloyds and Leverett’s, Lombard street. This will keep you, and one dearer to you than yourself, in comfort. May heaven bless \ - u b o th ! Farewell for ever I <3\. £ / Dr. Trebeck was right. The agony was intense, the wrench was terrible ; but from amid tho ruins of Mary's half-broken heart the idol was cast out. This letter proved Sir Gabriel to be mean and cruel, and Mary felt ashamed of loving, of dying for such a man. Before tho winter came again, Mary was affianced to Dr. Trebeck. The wedding-day was fixed, as before, for Christmas eve, and Dr. Trebeck, who had a large house at Bridgewater was gone away for a few days to get all ready for his bride. Mary was resigned; but she was not happy. Nothing crushes the heart like the fall of an idol. Her mother’s prayers, Trebeck’s devotion, the grim poverty that threatened her beloved parent, and the desire to show to Gabriel and the world that 6be was cared of her love for him— all united to make her accopt Trebeck. It was the day before that fixed for tbe wedding. M iry, dejected, and yot excited, and with that strange sense of invisible companionship which had never ceased to haunt her since her illness, strolled out into the country, and rambled on till she came to a wild heath, on which was a clumpof trees, and a fiat stone, which had been a favourite resting-place with Sir Gabriel and herself. It was noon, and the August sun was shining with a brassy glare on the golden gorse, aud on the little pink bells of the heather. Tbe bees were gathering their sweetest nectar from those bells, and the warm air was fragrant of the honey they distilled. Not a creature was to be seen, not a sound to be beard save the hum of those bees; aud as Mary stooped down to gather a harebell, she felt tbe short, dry sod warm to her cold hand. Mary was now always cold and pale. Her heart was dead in. her breast. In the distance she saw the spire of Ellesmere church, and the tower and battlements of Ellesmere Hall. The past ame vividly before her 5 and as she aproached the clump of trees and the flat stone, her knees trembled, and she sank down upon the stone. Sir Gabriel had carved on th a t stone bio own and Mary's initials. W as it her diseased fancy, or was it really so? To Mary it seemed that tbe letters ‘ G.E/ were now blood-red! CH APTER III. Dr Trebeck, young as he was, bad gained the esteem and confidence of Bridgewater and its neighbourhood. He had an excellent practice, and of his skill there was no doubt. He had studied very hard, and few rising physicians had given the time and attention to anatomy which he had given. Then, too, his character stood so high ; his conduct was so stea d y; he was good to the poor. All Bridgewater had resented Mary de Lisle’s preference of Sir Gabriel, and now all rejoiced in the approaching wedding. Everyone know how their young doctor had idolised Mary de Lisle. The large old house, which had belonged to Trebeek’s ancestor (a celebrated physician in the time of James I.), was of dark red brick, solidly built, and was now newly decorated and richly furnished. It bad 1 formal garden in front, with two single yew-trees cut into the shape of storks. The crest of the Trebecks was a stork passant. Dr Trebeck had an underground study, laboratory, surgery, and dissecting-room, the latter lighted by skylight, aud ‘communicating with tho sluggish waters of the river .Parrot, which flowed past tho back entrance to tbe bouse. D r Trebeek’s study >vas partly fitted up ns a dressingroom, partly as a library. I t contained two large, dark closets, and in tbcm were skulls, bones, bottles containing nondescript horrors, part of the human body preserved in spirits, on which be bad made experiments, and two ghastly skeletons, reduced to that state by his own hands afterdissection,and adroitly put together again by wires, till they looked, as they hung in that dark closet, like the King of Terrors himself. It was evening, D r Trebeck was alone in his study. On a couch near at hand bis wedding clothes were spread out. He had tried them o n ; they fitted beautifully. A cheval glass stood close by, with telescope conces and two wax candles, not yet ighted. Everything had gone well so far. Mary ivas to be liis on the morrow. Fortune miled. His wedding clothes fitted to a ‘ t ; ’ and yet a deep dejection bowed tbe glossy and curly head of the young doctor. * A regular attack of the blues/ he said. ‘ I’m hipped, that’s all— worn out, overwrought, over-excited, and cold as death/ He had a kettle on the hob. He took & ottle and a tumbler from a cubboard, and mixed a stiff glass of brandy-and-w&ter.; He felt his pulse low, thin, [and fluttering, he said, and, drawing his easy chair to the lire, he drank off the brandy-andwater be had.mixed, and, not feeling much warmed or -cheered, he • filled and emptied the glass again, and y e t again.1 He stirred the fire* and leaned back in his chair. There' was now no light in the 10m but that of tbe flickering flame- Did he dream P or did he really see the door of the dark closet opposite to him at the farther end of the! room slowly open, and one of the skeletons hanging there step out of the black recess P The doctor's well-curlod hair stiffened and stood e rectj his eyeballs glared ; his limbs grew rigid j 'V ico ld perepiration burst out all over him. He could not speak— his tongue dove .to the roof of his mouth. He could hofinove— he was paralysed.' A cold wind filled the room, as the kdeton-ror so it. seemed to him—adanced, and stood before tho cheval glass. Tim wax tapers seemed to light up of themselves ; and gradually Dr Trobock beheld in the glass that skeleton form clptbe itself, by some mysterious invisible process with a ll that constitutes that Complicated machine called ‘ man/ Over all stole by degrees the soft and tinted skin. The polished skull-resumed its coating o f flesh and its rich waves of auburn hair. The ghastly, bony hollows were once more bright with -beautiful blue eyes. And a t length the fine face and noble form o f'S ir Gabriel Ellesmere was reflected in that cheval gloss; and those oyes gazed mournfully and reproachfully at Trebeck’s. !Tho skeleton, having thus resumed its hues and proportions, arrayed itself deliberately in the fine embroidered shirt, and, in fact, in all the articles prepared for Dr! Trebeek's wedding toilet. With, if possible* increased horror ho saw the double-breasted white waistcoat assume a small red spot over the region of the heart, and that spot spread in size, aud deepen in hue, till it becomes a dark crimson stain, as large as tbe palm of bis hand, .* Dt. Trebeck’s glossy new bat on his head, his white gloves aud scented handkerchief in his hand, and holding the latter to liiB heart. Suddenly, he stood on tho rug, with liis back to the fire, in an attitude familar to him'in'lifo. In a hollow,sepulchral voice, he thus addressed Trebeck— . ‘ Murderer!’ you shall never wed Mary de Lisle. I go to warn her, to claim her as my bride, and to denounce you. You availed yourself of my trust to slab me iu my sleep' as I lay on that couch. You reduced this form to a skeleton* and hid it .yon dark closet, side by side with that of a hospital patient, killed by your cruel experiments. You •had the charge of my wedding clothes, which you burnt to ashes, Exchange is no robbery; and, therefore,' have appropriated arnminpifif/ul yours. vnim You V«n gave .Mirk to the +t high-born Mary de Lisle a letter I confided to you for poor Mary May, tho unliappy victim of my youthful passion and her own fond frailty. So crafty have you been in your fierce passion for my bride elect, your hatred of me, your jealousy, your remorse- Iosb cruelty, that the law Cannot touch you. You have eluded even suspicion, and yet, villain, it is all in vain. To defeat and to >unich monsters like you. Nature suspends ier laws, and. the invisible world resumes ts ancicut power. Mary de Lisle shall yet be mine, and mine o n ly ; and your bride shall bo death! There is no escape for you, Trebeck! All earthly secrets arc known in that bourne whence I have justreturned; and of your vile deed there was a, witness unseeu by yoo. His evidence shall convict you yet!’ With these words Sir Gabriel disappeared, the same cold, sepulchral air which attended his entrance stirring- as ho did so. At midnight Dr. Trebeck’s man servant, alarmed at not seeing his master, bought him, and found him lying insensible, and cold .as death, on the rug before tho now xtinguished fire. He raised his master, poured some brandy down his throat, succeeded in restoring him to life, and helped him to his room, and to bed. •‘ Only a swoon from over exertion, James,’ said Dr. Trebeck; but James told the maid lie was sure it was a fit. CHAPTER IY. While Dr Trebeck was lying insensible -J the hearth in his underground study, Mary de Lisle—the brido elect— was Bitting alone in the old dining hall of the manor house. She had wished her fond muther good night, and both had retired to their own apartments; but Maty could not rest. A presentiment of evil weighed down her spirit. Her bridal dress, wreath, and veil— presents from Trebeck— had remained unlookcd at in a packing case ; but now Mary | felt a strange desire to try them on. As she stood before tho glass, it seemed to her that she gazed on tho ghost of that blooming bride who had been mirrored in that glass a year ago. Suddenly a thought rossed her mind. In an antique escritoire in the diningall were tbe letters Sir Gabriel Ellesmere ad written to her, aud several bunches of ead violets— once fresh as her beauty nd her affections, now withered like her opes and her heart. Mary was very conscientious. She felt le ought to destroy those relics before he became another’s bride. The clock struck 12 as she stole down stairs, and into the old hall, ? Mary's escritoire was in a recess near the large Gothic window. There it was her custom to sit formerly to write to Gabriel, to indulge in happy dreams and wild hopes; but of late only to weep and pray. Mary took out tbe little packet of letters and the treasured knots of faded violets. * I will burn them in the fireplace/* she said to herself, 'a ll but the last; that I will keep to.remind me of what he really was/ She read tbat terrible letter over again, to strengthen her in her resolution; and, as she did so, a deadly faintness came over her, and, with the packet o. letters in her hand, as she arose to approach the hearth, her strength failed her, and 6hc sank on her knees before her chair. As sho did eo a cold wind, smelling of vaults and graves, lifted her .long, dishevelled tresses and made her 6hiver. Slowly she turned her head. Her eyes were distended, her limbs rigid. She could not move, she could not scream ; but she-could think, sho could see, she could shudder. , Is this a trance ?’ she said to herself ; ‘ or do I really sec my ancestors in their armour, descending from their niches,and theircyesglaring fiercelyon me through the bars of their vizors? Do 1 see Sir Adam and Sir Launcclot, with their splcmn dames, move, and their eyes flash, and their breasts heave ? And do they really step down from their frames ?' Mary tried to scream, but 6ho had no power to utter a sound. ‘ Gabriel! ' she would have shrieked, had pot her voice failed her, for it seemed to her that the hall door opened slowly, and that her beloved, dressed for his bridal, looking larger and taller than when she saw him last, but very pale, and with old, glassy eyes glaring upon her, advanced into the hall, holdiug his handkerhief to a wound £n his; breast, the blood rom which hod stained his shirt and aistcoat. The knights and dames, and the old arriors in their coats of mail, advanced o meet Sir Gabriel. The knights bowed ow, the dames curtseyed to tbe ground. Sir Gabriel solemnly returned their alutations, and led the way to the recess,, where Mary knelt. | Bravo knights and noble d am es!' he said, in a hollow voice, ‘ I come to clear my honor of the foul charge of falsehood and inconstancy to my bride elect, the last of the De Lisles. I come to beg you to oin me in forbidding the marriage of a daughter of your house with a murderer!' • The knights and dames drew nearer. ‘ I denounce Dr Trebeck as my murderer ! He sent to my bride, my beloved^ a letter I confided to him for a poor girl, Mary May, whom in my early youth I had wooed and won, M ary do Lisle will you wed this murderer? Knights and dames of this ancient house* do you not forbid this union ?’ Mary's white lips vainly essayed to form the word * Never 1' A hollow sounding, ‘ We do!’ from the ghostly knights and dames seemed to reach her ear. . . . , ' ‘ Is she hot mine P—-mine only— mine for ever ?' asked [Sir Gabriel of the knights and dames j or* to Mary's entranced* be* wildered souses, he seemed to say those words; and she thought they answered, ‘ Aye; verily/ and bowed low in assent. Th en did she fancy that Sir Gabriel, extending hieltifcms/cricd, * Mary, my love, my bride* I&aitn; you! Gomel* and that she rose froufher knees and fell upon his breast. Now the thought o f her mother rushed through her mind, and she said— ‘L e t me write one line of farewell and of thers] Lot ;jse -tell'.her that you have come back to claim mo, and that I go with you!’ . Sir Gabriel bowed assent, and Mary hod just written a few lines to her mother, when her lamp went out. That window] was found wide open by the housemaid in tho morning, and Mnty’i note to her mother lay on the escritoire. CHAPTER V. ‘ W hat ft strange nightmaro was that I ad last evening in my study!’ said Dr rebeck to himself, as ho sprang out of ed on his wedding morning. ‘ The effect f three glasses of brandy-and-water on a rain not seasoned! * Ho rang for James. ‘ Bring me my wedding clothes/ he said, gaily. ■ I shall drees hero/ Somehow ho did not like the idea of hiG study. He glanced rather nervously at the shirt and waistcoat. ,Tbcy were spotless. It was a green Y u le; but the soft west wind brought the merry peal of the church bells to liis ear. As tbe bridal carriage and four drovo up to the manor house gates, the scarlet satin ackets and white favours of the postilions contrasted prettily with the dark ever­ greens of tbe avenue. . < Dr Trebeck looked eagerly from the .carriago window. He expected .to see the bride at hor open casement, looking out for him. W hat he did see was a crowd gathered round tho moat. He cried to the postilions to stop. * What is that crowd ? ' be said. * Wlmt are they about P' ‘ They zeem, zur, to bo dragging the moat/ said the Somersetshire lad he had addressed. , ‘ For all tho world zomum wor drownded/ \- ‘ Drive on/ cried Dr. Trebeck; * drive to the spot/ It was soon reached. Dr. Trebeck sprang from the carriage. His eye had lighted on Mrs do Lisle, deadly pale, tearing her hair, heating her breast, and rushing wildly along the bank. Dr. Trebeck hurried towards her. At this moment one of the men engaged in dragging tins moat cried out— ‘ Hold hard ! Lend a hand, Zn.ni! The fair young face aud slender form of Mary de Lisle rose to the surface. She was dead! They laid her on the bank, her bridal wreath and wedding-dress hung with green slime and duckweed, and iu hor dead grasp a packet of letters, which Dr Trebeck a t ft glance recognised as Sir Gabriel’s. Mrs de Lisle fell insensible on her daughter’s breast. By this time the crowd had increased tenfold, and Dr. Trebeck, having ascertained that Mary was indeed dead, was giving orders to the mon who had dragged tbe moat to carry Mrs de Lisle to hor chamber, .and to convey Mary's remains to the dining-hall, when a heavy hand was laid on liis shoulder, and the voice of a Bow street officer said— Dr Trebeck, I arrest you io the Qucen'_ name, on the charge of murdering Sir Gabriel Ellesmere/ ‘ It is false!' said Dr. Trebeck. ‘ Touch mo at your pen!/ And he clenched his fists, and put himself " posture of defence. .Sere’s my warrant, doctor/ said the officer. « I don't want to make things unpleasant; but I must do my duty. So come along, like a 4?ood gentleman. I' a carriage aLthe e^to/ ‘ Never ,!* ^ d ^ D r Trebeck. * You shall kill me first/ ‘ That ain 't;m y work. That's for Jack Ketch to do/‘gfrll*a*~^" * And then,, os Dr Trebeck Btill refused and resisted, other officers came up, aud slipped a pair of handcuffs on his wrists and dragged him away. On inquiry* Dr Trebeck learned that Sir Gabriel b bankers aud solicitors, surprised and alarmed at hearing nothing of him, and nt his drawing no money for a whole year, began to suspect some accident or some foul play. Unable to obtain any information, they consulted a celebrated London detective. His private inquiries at Sir Gabriels lodgiugs iu St James’s street, aud of Mary May, who lmd been driven by utter destitution into tho union with her child, confirmed their worst suspicions. The detective came privately down to Bridgewater. He found out a wretch who ad been in the habit of supplying Dr rebeck with dead bodies for dissection, nd of assisting him in his experiments. This wretch had once forged Trebeek’s ame to a cheque for tweuty pounds. This rime threw him into the doctor’s power. e did not prosecute him, but he made him his slave. The wretch, whose name was Jukes, having robbed a grave, and the police being on his track, hid himself in one of Dr Trebeek's closets, and thus was a witness of the murder of Sir Gabriel. Not feeling safe where he was, he escaped to New York, and had returned to Bridgewater only tho day before that fixed for the wedding. A reward of three hundred pounds offered by Government tempted Jukes to betray Dr Trebeck. The doctor was taken before u magistrate, and on the evidence produced was committed to prison. The police had much difficulty in preventing the mob from tearing the handsome doctor to pieces. In prison he protested hiB innocence, and appeared sanguine of acquittal. But the night before his trial he adroitly effected bis escape from his cell, and got on to the roof of the prison. In trying to drop from tbe roof into the road, his foot slipped, and be fell into the stone courtyard, a height of 80ft. There he was found in the morning, one thigh and one arm fractured, and insensible from concussion of the brain. He lingered for some days, and when ■ consciousness returned he was in horrible agony; but no word of penitence or prayer passed his lips. When he did speak, it was to apostrophise two ‘ bodiless creatures/ whom lie called Gabriel and Mary, and whom lio declared he saw from the open window (open on account of the heat of the weather) by moonlight, gliding hand in hand through the clear evening sky. The doctors said he died raving mad. Mrs de Lisle only survived her daughter one year; and since her death the old manor house has been uninhabited, the garden is a waste, and all the country people 6ay tbe place is Haunted. 