Mooroopna and its Surroundings. (By our Special Reporter.) There is little of the "picturesque" to gladden the eye of the tourist amnpg the 1 settlements along the valley of the Qoul- burn ; but substantial prosperity, which is more important, is evidenced in every direc tion by the rich wheat-fields that cover the flat surrounding country with a golden hue at harvest- time, from the shadow of the mountain ranges in the east almost uninter ruptedly to the setting sun. The country has been gradually taken up in small agri cultural areas, the pastoral interest has been slowly but surely relegated tothe " back blocks," and the settlements that . sprang up like mushrooms on every, hand during the last quarter of a century have grown into enterprising, prosperous communities. Mooroopna (" Deep Water"), which occu-- ies an elbow of the ever- winding Goulburn, 110 miles from Melbourne, on the site of what was formerly a popular fishing- ground of the aboriginals, is not the least prosperous, although neither the largest nor the m st flourishing of these communities at the pre sent time. The reason is obvious. In the olden time the whole of the surrounding country was occupied by the Cooper Brothers, who ran sheep over the broad acres from the western boundary of the homestead at "Deep Water" to the Murray, and whose great wealth, unbounded charity, and reckless prodigality are still as familiar as " household words " in the mouths of the oldest inhabitants. Theirs was a brief and a chequered career. They lived like princes while their wealth remained, passed away without notice or regret when it had gone, and were buried as paupers in forgotten, nameless graves. In the height of their prosperity they received 140,000 in cash for their interest in one of the runs around " Deep Water," and they squandered the money almost as soon as they got it. With the monBtrous recklessness of youth, one of the brothers wandered into the bush while in a state of delirium tremens , and his bleached bones were discovered some ten miles dis tant from the camp months afterwards. Tlie other died recently in the Mooroopna Hospital, devotedly tended up to the last by the son of an old school-mate, who knew the ill- starred pair before they set out "to seek their fortune" in the then unknown Eldorado of the south, and who held out a helping hand when the world, in its short-lived memory, discarded and forgot him. They "dranK. deep," and as if Providence desired to em phasise the fact, the site of their old home stead is now occupied by the only brewery iu the Goulburn Valley - Mouldon's Rodney and Moira brewery — from the weather- beaten and dilapidated wooden tower of which can be obtained a magnificent landscape view of the winding stream and flat surrounding country as far as the eye can see. The corner posts of the old drafting yards still stand in the streets of the township as monuments of the good old " days that are no more." The homestead site was ultimately selected by Mr. W. S. Archer, who cut it up into quarter-acre allotments, and started a private township, under the name of Mooroopna, which the aboriginals had given to a deep water-hole on the Goulburn, from which they obtained a never-varying supply of the choicest fish. Settlement was rapid, and the township almost immediately became the most prosperous in the valley, but the high price demanded for allotments frightened the new comers, so it is stated, and they migrated across the river to the shelter of an old bark hut, around which tbey raised, as if by magic, the town of Shepparton. Mooroopna , nevertheless, maintained the solid prosperity that the pioneers won for it in the early days of the monopoly, and, although the population is only estimated at S12, the residents of the surrounding dis trict number upwards of 3,000, and it still remains the market town for thirty miles along the Goulburn. Like Dookie and- Gashel, which stand on opposite sides of the same main street, the long winding three- chain road which forms the principal thoroughfare of Mooroopna is divided in the centre by the boundary line of two parishes, and, though the town is practically built on the west side of this thoroughfare, there are many buildings in the eastern boundary feat add to its wealth, as well as to its I simple, homely beauty and material pros perity. There is an air of solid wealth and contentment about the place that is not to be met with in the newer settlements, which speaks well lor the future. It is the largest town in the shire of Waranga, which has an area of 10,076 square miles, a revenue of L14,000 per annum from all sources, a total population of 9,993, and an annual value of £85,980. It ex tends over an area of nearly forty miles east and west, and about eighty miles north and south, frem Heathcote to within a few miles of Echuca, and from Roches ter to Shepparton. The main street is forty- one chains in length from the Junction hotel, on the Elmore road, to the hospital at the bend of the river, and has been kerbed and channelled with red-gum blocks and gravelled 20ft. wide throughout the whole length, at a cost of L2,000. The other streets are well-iormed and tastefully laid out, but would be considerably improved by a more thorough system of drainage. The want of water has been the one permanent drawback to the progress of the district, but it is hoped before long to "lay the ghost" for an. time by diverting the Goul burn and sending the water through the valley in channels, expressly designed by Messrs. Gordon and Black for the purpose of meeting the requirements of the settlers in the open plains. _ The Waranga and Echuca shires conjointly possess the largest water trust in the colony, and they recently borrowed LI 16,000 for the purpose oi carrying out a comprehensive irrigation scheme. The work of constructing the embankment at the Waranga basin was let by tender last week to Mr. T. Smale, a local contractor, for a sum of LI 1,085, and the preliminary steps are now being token to carry out the undertaking. As an in stance of self-reliance and sterling "Ifelf- alou' prove | of r?TOTionptice and tTion , di ought to come" copious supply -11 VTOUld, m the course of time, become a very d£ SXIort- ¥» .'« I glv. ,With -milk and hofey WrtSS ?£ wJ»oii insists of about oue- fourth of the whole Waranga Shire sends two representatives to the cLmdUMeMre Cnssenand W M "j uuessrs. one iM. rw,„ an< nominates formin cr +u the five commissioners ® Water Trust. I have ?Ga8t waller and less W Victoria than -Moo- roopna, but it would be invidious to par- facuW them. It « the only town Tn fee Goulburn Valley from Seymour to Echuca, h -mlSes by the wurse of the stream, that is reticulated with water. I Like everything else in the place, the Water ®?PP y 18 entirely due to private enterprise. The convenience is hardly appreciated, how ever, m such away as private undertakings deserve to be appreciated and encouraged. After , an experience of some eight years private enterprise" Would prefer a legal remedy by which they might be enabled to recover their water dues to trusting "to the honour of their constituents.. The supply is obtained by pumping from the Goulburn by means of a'small Tangye engine . into a l0,000gal. tank placed in a timber framework about 60ft. above the level, which provides the necessary pressure to send the water through the underground pipes to every house within a radius of a mile. It has, up to the present, been in the hands of a private company, but overtures are now being made by the shire with a view td purchasing the plant and extend- ing operations. Ho doubt one of the first steps will be the levying of a small special rate, from which no amount of quibbling will relieve those who derive a benefit from the Water supply of their past respon sibilities. ' The present company charge from £8 to £10 per annum for supplying the residents of the town with water, but as they do not always " pay," and there is no way by which to compel them, it matters very little what the " charge " is. One of the most creditable institutions in the place is the hospital, which is to all appear ances, and according to all accounts, excel lently conducted by a committee of twelve, who are elected annually by the subscribers.. It is the only institution of the kind from Kilmore to Echuca on the one side, and from Sandhurst to Wangarattaon the other. A start was made nearly a quarter of a century ago in an old bark hut on the banks of the Goulburn, immediately behind Cooper's homestead, but as the demand for accommodation increased rapidly, it was found neeessary to build a two- roomed weatherboard cottage — then an imposing edifice — and a fresh start was made at the junction of Finsbury street with the Shep parton road, on two small blocks of land, valued at about L40 each, with which Mr. Archer generously endowed the hospital. From this small commencement a commo dious institution, on the cottage principle, has been gradually built up. The original cottage occupies a secluded corner in the rear of the main building, -and is used as an out-House. Three additional blocks were purchased" from Mr. Archer, some five years ago, for L120, and last year the committee added three acres of grass land adjoining, at a further outlay of L150. The freehold now consists of nearly five acres of the choicest land in the district. The institution is capable of accommodating forty patients, but there were only thirty-one on the roll on the occasion of my visit recently. Both patients and contributions are received from a radius of forty square miles, but Numur- kab is, as a rule, the largest contributor iu the matter of patients. The receipts for the year ending 30th June last consisted of — Government grant, LI, 000 ; overdue Go vernment grant of previous year, L500 ; private contributions, 1408 12s. lid.; sports and entertainments, L412 10s, 8d.; total, L2,321 3s. 7d. Of this amount the town of Mooroopna subscribed L210 in private con tributions and sports, whilst the balance was made up at Rushworth, Shepparton, Tatura, Murchison, Nagambie, Wungtmu, Numurkah, Nathalia, and the Murray dis trict. The expenditure for the same period consisted of L327 6s. lid. for buildings and repairs, LI, 564 10s. for main tenance, and L297 16s. Id. miscellaneous, making up a total of L2,189 13s. The num ber of patients treated was 204 in 1S80, 270 in 1881, 355 in 1882, 354 in 1883, and it is thought that the total for the present year will exceed 400. The institution is en trusted to the care of Dr. J. C. Trood, whose skill as a surgeon is highly spoken of in the district, and Mr. and Mrs. Jones, the steward and matron, who act in harmony with the committee, of which Mr. W. M. Brown is president. The district boasts of seven State-schools, with a total average at tendance of 375 children, not inclusive of about forty children who attend either the Roman Catholic or Miss AInsworth's private schools ; a Mechanics' Institute, with some 300 volumes ; four churches— Anglican, Roman Catholic, Presbyterian, and Wes- leyan — with good congregations ; a volun teer fire brigade, consisting of 20 members ; a racing club, a rifle club, consisting of 115 members ; two banking institutions, the Aus tralasia and Commercial, the former of which is on the eve of building a handsome edifice in the main street, nearly opposite the Mechanics' Institute, at a. cost of £2,000 ; a co-operative store, which is paying the shareholders 15 per cent, per annum; a new brickmaking company, - with good Erospects of success ; and some seven otels, which invite their patrons to " call frequently, drink moderately, pay honour ably, be good company, part friendly, and go home quietly." A large saw-mill occupies a central position in the town, whilst the main, as well as many of the side streets, are occupied by numerous large stores and other business places, including an extensive flour- mill, Hardy's iron foundry, a cordial manufactory, Lansley's and Swindle's coach factories — in which I hear the musical clanging of the anvil ringing out discordantly with the church bells as 1 pass along the street on Sunday morning— and a variety of other establishments that do not call for special mention. The rifle club, of which Mr. W. P. West is president, is one Of the promising institutions of the town, audits membersanticipate being able in a short space of time to transform Bmney- suckle Park, fee present site of the butts, into a handsome recreation reserve. The park consists of 470 acres, and is perhaps the only really picturesque spot in the dis trict. It is a Government reserve in the Euioa shire, on the eastern bank of the Goulburn, about three-quarters of a mile from Mooroopna ; but the club hope to; pre vail upon Mr. Tucker to reservelfflO acres as a butts. At present therp is little prospect of the very reasonable request being complied Wife. The Government supplied sixty Enfield and Lancaster rifles to the club in >lay Ihst. The balance of the members haye supplied them selves with Martini- Henry rifles, with which they practice regularly every week. : The agricultural area around Mooroopna is very large, and the yield last season was rich and plentiful. There are now- some 15, 000; acres under cereal crops, and nearly 250 acres in vineyards. The farmers find that thje soil is . admirably adapted for vinegrowing, and they are now devoting their attention fe the cultivation of the grape on a large scale. In fee course of time, and with an abundant sup ply of water, fee valley may become fee champion wine -producing district of colony. The land varies in value from L5 to L6 15s. per acre, and at some recent sales the latter figure was obtained. A large number of the farmers combine sheep-fars mingon a Ismail scale with agriculture, and succeed in ob taining a" satisfactory return for their enter prise. The crops at the present time ate very backward, owing to fee I unusuaj dry ness of the season, and it is feared that the yield will be considerably below feat of last year. Fortunately, the financial condition of the settlers is such that an unfavourable season will not seriously hamper their opera tions, but, at the same time, it is thought that fee late rains will remedy the evil, so as to prevent the possibility of serious con sequences resulting. 