GENERAL. A TRIP TO THE BLACKALL RANGE. (BY OLD CHUM) The holiday season, with all its care and anxieties was upon me, and my troubles had fairly begun. What to do with myself for six long weeks was the question. I had visited the North as far as the ultima thule of Thurs- day Island; the coast country was familiar to me ; inland I had penetrated to Georgetown, to Roma, to—well to the limits of bitter beer and my beloved shandygaff ; Southport, Nerang, Cleveland, Sandgate, Humpybong— these had all been done to satiety, Where should I find a terra incognita ! Of course I did not want to get beyond the fixed boundary—the longitude of bitter ale and that other necessary of life abovementioned. I must always be in a position to "draw the sword of Queensland" ie., the cork of a bottle. Thinking it over was of no manner of use. I decided to leave it to chance, and to make Toowoomba my starting point. I packed my valise. I leave the genial parson who has just dropped in to see me in full charge of my abandoned domicile, with the vague in- timation that I am off "up the 'line'' 1 and start for the train. On my way I get my letters. They are very thin. This in itself is a suspicions circumstances. Base be the soul which, on the eve of an adventurous expedition, would pause to study the items of a bill. I plant them under a stone—but hold one of them looks unlike a bill I will chance it. Happy inspiration! It turns out to be a letter from my old friend William Landsborough, of exploring celebrity. He invites me to join him in a trip to Mooloolah and the Blackall Range. The coach starts at 5 am.; I am no longer undecided. I have a purpose. I will see the Blackall Range or perish heroically in the attempt. It is the terra incognita —it is invested with strange fascination. I have heard rumours of the marvellous fertility of the soil, and the inexhaustible mines of timber wealth em- bowered in its magnificent scrubs, and of the wonderful scenery of its gorges and inaccesible precipices. I do not suppose that any district in Queensland has ever been made such a play, thing for a Minister for Lands as this wonderful range. First it is thrown open for selection at five shillings per acre then withdrawn again, once more thrown open only to be again withdrawn, each time shorn of a few selections. I felt that I had a mission to look into this matter. Accordingly I found myself in the evening taking mine ease in mine inn with my friend Landsborough, that I might be ready for the unearthly hour at which the coaoh would pass ths door. At early dawn behold us seated on the box-seat of Macullum's coach, with five good horses in front of us and eighteen fellow passengers behind. Off we go-sixty four miles to Mooloolah. Tho coach is roomy; the road excellent, and the pace equivalent. After passing the Bald Hills with its pretty little farms stretching along the valley, the road to the Caboolture may be ' described in a few words of ascending intensity — barren, more barren, most barren. A new arrival travelling on this road misses all the beautiful agricultural land of Burpengary Creek, Pine River, Caboolture, &c.; He only sees grass-trees, rock, and sand. At or near Cabool ture we breakfast, then cross the river by a fine bridge, which was not there when I swam across at the same place in the good old Gympie days. With a fresh team, wo are off again, the road still pretty fair but the weather stiflingly hot. We have ex- changed our roomy coach for a small waggonette in which we are packed like herrings. The road before us will presently be too utterly awful to risk coach travelling. At last we arrive at Mrs. Grigor's Bankfoot Accommoda tion House. There a really excellent dinner awaits us, and we are received by Mrs. Grigor with the most friendly hospitality. Here we are at the very foot of those ex traordinary looking Glass Mountains. The most singular of the whole yclept Crooked Neck, towers to a height of five or six hundred fret above us- a sheer precipice on all sides. Has it been scaled ? Never. Will it be scaled ? Hardly ever, unless some adven turous member of the Alpine Club should read this, and then the thing will be done depend upon it. It is England's mission to climb to the summit of every peak in the world, and Crooked Neck's time is coming. 1 had a great mind to earn undying fame by doing it myself, but I was told that the mountain swarmed with death adders, and that the coach would start in ten minutes, so I decided to defer the climb to a more favourable opportunity. Off again - by the-way, I was seriously alarmed at discovering that there was no bitter beer obtainable at Bankfoot; however, we "drew the sword" in the shape of lemonade, and went on our frizzling way. Great Ceasar's ghost! How hot it was! 1 112 degs. in the shade at Grigor's, and getting hotter! Now the terrors of the road began "I shall have to trouble you here, gentlemen, if you please" says our urbane Jehu (Mr. Fred. Pugh). Out we tumble like eighteen roasted potatoes out of an oven. The coach appears to capsize over the horses' heads, and away they all roll together — coach, driver, and horses, in a tangle of harness, reins, whip cord, and stones, down to apparent po dition. Up they go again with a rush to the tip of the next ridge. "All aboard!" comes across'' us, and we swelter along and climb to our . perches again, gasping with heat and want of breath. When this little performance had been enacted about six times in ten miles, we suddenly pull up at Mellum Creek, sixty miles from Brisbane. Here we find a large store and public-house, where we indulge in what Landsborough calls a drink. I called it a regular corpse reviver, for, what with the in tense host, the running up and down hill, and the cramped positions in which we were forced to sit, we were regularly done up. Four miles more. We are due at Mooloolah at 5 pm, and within a few minutes of that time, we pull up at Mr. Bury's hotel and store. Safely landed, we decide, as no horses have appeared, to re main for the night, when lo! a clatter of hoofs, and Landsborough's son and heir appears leading three chargers. We change our plans. Our traps are strapped to the saddles, and away we go for an additional fifteen miles It is quite a relief to be on horse- back after the toil of the coach. We jog along veiy quietly, and by 9 p m. we are wel comed by the roar of the ocean and the smiling 'faces of my host's wife and daughters. Tea is ready, and so is a bath. The lullaby of the sea was not wanted to lull us to sleep after our seventy nine miles ride. I discovered next morning that I was at Caloundra, a most beautiful spot opposite the North end of Bribie Island. There was a land sale held here a short time ago, and very good prices were realised for the ocean frontages. The beach is very extensive, and hard enough to ride over. The Bribie passage affords delightful and safe boating, whilst further up the beach, and clear of the island, there is excellent , schnapper and groper fishing. Whiting and bream abound, us I found after a few hours fishing. Mr. Landsborough (who holds two thousand acres on the beach), Mr. Moffatt and Mr. Bulcock divide this glorious spot between them, whilst beyond them is the picturesque site, of Caloundra township, with its bold rocky headland ceaselessly thrashed by the rollers of the great Pacific. By the way, there is a legend concerning this headland current amongst the blacks. The shore is eminently suited for camping, abounding, as the waters do, with fish of many kinds, and the adjacent forest well supplied with game; grassy nooks inviting to repose and salt water lagoons protected from the extreme violence of the open sea. Still no black will venture to camp there. "Baal" they say," blackfellow camp 'longa Caloundra." The tradition is that two monsters came out of a cave in the rocks and devoured some blacks who had camped there, and that ever since the "ghost walks"—not in a theatrical sense. Coal appears to abound here, the seams crop out everywhere in the face of the cliff and seams of coaly shale lie exposed on the flat sedimentary rock at its base. Logs of petrified wood protrude from the rock, and there is every indication of a good seam of coal some where in the neighbourhood, although I was told that Mr. Moffatt bored for 350 feet with out finding a payable seam. Having spent a couple of pleasant days in the enjoyment of seaside pleasures, preparations were made for a grand ex pedition to the Blackall. Ten horses were brought into requisition. Provisions and blankets were provided on-a liberal scale, and a start was effected about 9 a.m., the late start being owing to the disappearance of the horses on the pre vious day. However, we were not particular, our time was our own, and given grass, water, and firewood, our hotel and beds were ready at any part of the bash in which we might find ourelves. We first made Mellum Creek and filled up the provision bags. Then came the ascent of a spur of the range. On our way up we met Mr. James Campbell, of Brisbane, on his return journey from a tour of inspection. Mr. Campbell has large interests in the district, but his first trip thither, he assured me, would be his last. He gave a doleful account of the difficulties of the track, and trusted our lives were insured, as we, or rather our sorrowing families, would probably have to fall back on the insurance companies. Nothing daunted, we pushed on up an almost perpendicular bullock track, to the foot of what is known as the Bald Hill, a bare grassy knoll with precipitous sides. There is said to be a fine view from the summit, but as the sky was very hazy, we decided that the game of climbing would not be worth the candle, so we skirted the base and made all haste to reach a good camping ground. After a toilsome ascent of an hour we reached a tolerably level plateau, where we found a couple of houses and a bullock yard. Having found a small waterhole, we decided to unpack and make our camp in the yard, which was level. We soon had a fire going and tea made, and ware preparing for our blankets when sud denly three bullock teams hove in sight. The drivers were very obliging when they found their fortress in possession of the enemy, and even of fered to yoke outside, but finally the cattle were all ranged along the inside of the fence, and soon went forth to dispute possession of the grass with our horses. Nothing further occurred to disturb us, so, wrapped in our blankets, we enjoyed a pleasant night under the stars. We had rigged a sort of tent for the four ladies of our party, so that everyone slept as comfortably as might be. Wo were up betimes in the morn ing, and after an hour spent in baking dampers and johnny cakes, we moved off again, and soon entered a most magnificent scrub, consisting principally of gigantic hickory and fig trees. The summits of these were studded with immense bunches of stag-horn ferns and orchids, but at such a height that it strained our necks to look up at them. Occasionally a coral tree loaded with rich scarlet blossom, blazed out from amongst the vivid green of the surrounding scrub. Creepers, ferns, palms, and lovely ground orchids, were everywhere in profusion, and many in bloom, whilst in many places the ground was strewn with purple scrub plums. The road wound its way up the crest of a ridge with declivities on either side, which made one think of the possible consequences of a roll over the edge. All day we rode along a bullock track cut through tho donao sorub. 11 ore arid there a lntlo work had been done to render tliO Bidohngs less dangerous, and nt ono point wo found tac Divisional Board labourers foitu?' t,^°" a"d, "8"in w0 mot a string of bullocks bringing down beech aod cedar logs, Whilst at frequent intervals wo saw logs of ccdir six foot in diameter awaiting hauling to the .rafting ground, but of standing trees— cedar or beech—we naturally bow nono, a) all the good timber ia tho vicinity of the road had long since been on its way to the sawmills. Lie re and there we passed a small clearing, but saw very little cultivat'on. By and byo a rather imposing house hove in sight, the pro perty of Mr. Groavei, who holds three sqoaro miles of the scrub. The house is built entirely of beech, and was only inhabited by. a caro later, 'ilioro are some forty acres cut down on the selection, but not as yet bnrnt off. . Here we decided to oamp for the n'ght, as there, was a small waterhole, w'horo we could water our horBes with the help of a bucket We also found a passion vine loaded with fruit and we holped ourselves freely, whilst the ladies made a quantity of passion fruit jam. For this night we camped down on the veranda and spent a comfortable night, only disturbed by ono of tbe horses coming and waking us up to inform us that he had tried eating nettle-tree leaves and had decided that tbe experiment was not worth repeating. Tn the evening Mr. I ondsborough went off with the caretaker to find a settler who lived about two miles uway to ask his ass stance in nilo'ing us through the dense scrub. Whenho returned he told us that Mr. Byics, the settler ia question, had promised to ;be. our guide. The usual delay in hunting up the horses oc Curred, and at last we got fairly started. Mr. Kyles was toon reached, and- we found ho had made himself very comfortable. Hehadanice banana patch bearing well, sweet potatoes, and same fruit trees, but he,- ia common with all tho. selectors, depends upon the timber more than upon agriculture. In his company wo started, and were congratulating ourselves upon the comparatively easy road we were travelling, when bo suddenly turned off down a surveyor's track and then began a journey which gave us an excellent idea of the Blacksll Bange. We appeared to be travelling longi tudinally along the serrated edge of a gigantie brosaout-saw—np steep pinches, down steeper ones; blundoring over countlesB roo's, which crept over the ground in all directions, inter lacing with each other, and forming with the masses of stones, and boulders, and logs with which the ground was cambered, excellent opportunities for hones to strain their legs and lame themselves for life. I fancy we must have travelled in this fashion over a hundred thousand miles, so eternally long did this descent to Hadee seom. {To be continued in our next.) 