ffftbft* BOSS PARlWMit TUB FLOWER OP AVOKDAM. CHAPTER XXV.—(OONTFDMI.); in— wall that now oame from the th 0 hound bri,tie «p l U > G?for it, boy.' Bftid tho oolono1 ' « ,8 PP ,n « ^ t f V ' o i r ^ growl the brute , "If", " »„ tho direction of the Bound. ^We Xwonknow whether It is ghost devil.' exolaimed Colonel Gowan. ° Ttu enough, a deep growl from the dog, followed by a wild "j® 6 shrie "'J?' k tofd ' them that he ff»« at his work. Shriek after shriek rang out. • He is tearing her to pieces,calmly re- »Ji nMonel Gowan. ' I wish that some of yon^coujd go over and not let him kill her ^saving, he turned into tho house and dr„k more orandy, in which Jasper, Hempartall. and Walsher freely joined him. Some of the servants, more humane and courageous than the others, made for the jStte churohyard. As they entered it they law the brute tearing the wretched creature, ,1th his teeth fastened in her throat, and risking her about as a oat would a mouse. H.r dvinir groans and gurgles mixed in a wild cadence with the growls of the brute. In tain did they try to pull him away; he told on as if his teeth were a vyce. In the eosfusion they did not notioe a tall, dark »u> in their midst, who, plating the mutsle of his gun on the hound* s head, drove its contents into bis brain. The brute loosened his grip, gave one quiver, and fell over on the aead woman. The dark man stood looking on for a moment, and, turning to .the affrighted sernote, sternly said: . . . ..... 1 Toar master has murdered her; tell him that Miohael Dwyer has an acoount to settle with him and his bloody orew, and that their days are numbered. Now, take the oorpse of this poor oreature to one of the out-offices, and give her decent burial beside her children. See that this is done, Stberwlse not one of you will live long to tell the horrors you bare witnessed to-night.* The dark man was joined by about twenty others, who oame up just as he spoke, ana, after a hurried consultation, they walked away. The leader, as they passed into a wood that skirted the graveyard, turning around, sternly said:— «At your peril, do as I tell yon.' When Hunter Gowan was informed of what had occurred, and how the servants hid brought back the corpse of Crasy Nell, hewaBwrty beeide-hiatal* wiglrafe^ Ho •wen in a moat tenifeu ttsnner, andltewed that he would never rest until Dwyer was In his power. •I'll have one rebel's life to-morrow,' he exolaimed, ' and Dwyer is a marked man, too. What I the rebel scoundrel to kill my hound, and to threaten me to my own servants F This iB too muoh for human enduranoe. I thought you had killed that wretched woman yesterday, Jasper; but no, you sneaking dog, you should let her escape to haunt us again. I hope you will not bungle your business to-morrow night that way. it you do, by Q d I Til make as •sample of you. Sergeant Jasper was stricken with terror, and akind of superstitions dread had seised him. He oould not understand how the wretched woman had escaped from the bum* ing ruins; and then her shrieks and groans rang in his ears as if amusing him of her murder. He reoolleoted the terrible threats of Miohael Dwyer on former occasions, and h« felt a kind of cowardly dread of the future. In reply to Us master's rebuke, M faintly responded by muttering: ' I don't know how toe deuoe she escaped, Monel; it is a mystery to me.' 'Where is the oddsP' added Walsher; ' the woman Is dead anyway, and I expect she will not trouble any one of yon again— not in this world, at least.* ' And I hope not in the ne&t; either,' added Colonel Gowan. ' I should not like to meet her then.' * There is no danger of that,' replied Walsher, with one of hie sinister grins. 'What do you mean, sir P' exolaimed the colonel in a rather angry tone. 'Oh! nothing, colonel; but it is probable that a poor oraav wretoh like that woman •ad a gentleman like you will not go to the Mme quarters.' The oolonel looked at him sharply, as if to mdhta meaning, and, turning to the sergeant, he merely said; 'You oan go now, Sergeant Jasper; but (Molleet my words: let there be no bungling <"bcrwi»e you will regret it. Y , The sergeant, only too glad to escape the taunts of his master, left the room and round to his own, wham he was fax from «wpy, for, hardened as lie was in orime, and callous tothe sufferings of other*, he (crmed the conviction that the death of Orasy Well would influenoe his life, and her terrible nweaiotiona seemed to chant a death-knell into his ear. How true it le that conscience Buss towards of «s all! Hei» was a wretoh «ho gloated in the sufferings of his fellow WMtutes, and whose vilianou* nature took in their gnaaaand torture; yet he "juddered and a cold sweat bedewed his now as his imagination summoned the face «that dead woman before him. He oven £ud to sh*t .out tfee sight by plaoing his ioi 1 Away,you crary vampire! Why do you look at me sof I did not kill yon. I am only obeying orders. Don't haunt me. wretched woman I No, no I it was not I that gashed you in that way; it was the Qursod bloodhound. See where he tore your neck and throat! Leavo mo, I gay; yon oursod hag, get out of this I' Sergeant Jasper had worked himself up into a nervous fit of terror, and. In order to steady himself, ho drank deeply from a bottle of brandy that stood on the table near him, and then, throwing himself on the bed, he made futile efforts to steep. But his restless spirit would not be quiet, and, in order to got rid of his own wretched thoughts, he resolved to go out into the guard- room, where the men of his company generally assembled. He passed through a dark hallway, and thence to the plaoe of meeting. There was no light from the window, and the door was even looked, with the key on the outside. Sergeant Jasper paused, but still it oeoured to him to go in and light the lamp, knowing that the glimmer of it would attraot some of the men to join him. He unlocked the door and, entering, groped his way to where the lamp generally was kept. He stumbled against something, and, rolling over it, bis hands oame in oontaot with theolammy brow of a corpse. The light of the moon shone full on the face, and there before him lay, in all its bloody ghastlinoBS, the body of Crazy Nell, with the eyes open and staring at him with that glassy gaze so horriblo to oontemplate. Sergeant Jasper gave a shriek of agony and staggered towards the door. That terrible cry of distress startled Oolonel Gowan and his oompanions, and they hurried out, only to enoounter the affrighted sergeant, who rushed up to them exolaiming: ' 0 Lord I save me. Here she is after me I Look! see, her blood is on my hands. I'm a murderer, and she's dragging me down to hell!' * Fool 1' exolaimed Oolonel Gowan, AS he rudely seized him by the collar and shook him,' what frightened you P' «She, oolonel, Crazy Nell; she's there,' he jabbered, as he pointed to the guardroom. 'She's there, and she cast suoh a look at me as made me shudder. And see my hands, her blood is on tbem.' The man's frightful earnestness made the man of blood even tremble, and Gowan merely muttered: 4 You have been drinking too muoh, Jasper. I'm afraid your nerveB are unstrung. Go to your room, and let one of the servants aooompany you to see that you do not harm yourself.' Gowan, having ascertained the oauBe of Jasper's fright, returned to his debauoh with Walsner and Lieutenant Hempenstall. On the following day Gowan and his bloodhounds—for thiB was the name by whioh his oompany of yeomen were known— were unusually active in soouring the country. Towards evening they swept around Farnell Hall and halted there until about nine o'olook. The oolonel gave private instructions to Tdeutenant Hempenstall to the effeot that as Boon as they oaptured Garret Byrnes they were to bring him a prisoner to the Hall, where he oould gloat over his sufferings and the agony of ROBO Parnell. The lieutenant, with Sergeant Jasper aad about a dozen privates, prooeeded on their mission, and when new the lodge they dashed ap in a body around it. The doors and windows were olosed, and not a light glimmered from them. < They are caged/ exolaimed the lieutenant. ' Sergeant, let yourself and some of the men dismount and break in the door/ Jasper dismounted, and, knock ing at the door, oried out: * Open this at onoe. We know who is here; reBistanoe is useless. Garret Byrnes, in the kiug'B name, I call on you to surrender.' ' And in the name of Ireland, I, Miohael Dwyer, declare that we shall not surrender.' The voice oame from behind the lawn wall, and as the startled men heard it they turned around, and there before them, with hiB trusty musket in hiB hand, stood the celebrated outlaw. 'Miohael Dwyer, by G—dl' exolaimed the lieutenant. 4 Firo at him I' Dwyer stooped behind the wall, and a few harmless bullets pattered against it. Ruing up again, he exolaimed: ' Boys, remember |oor ^Crasy Nell, here are her murderers. Scarcely had the words passed his lips when a volley eohoed from the silent house and from behind the writ and fenoeB. The lieutenant, with several of the men, rolled from their saddles, while the rat put spurs to their horses and fled baok to the Hail. Sergeant Jasper's horse ran away, so, though bat slightly wounded, he was nnable to make his escape. Dwyer and his made prisoners of the wounded. * Ha!' exclaimed the rapparee, as he seised the almost paralysed Jasper by the oollar, 4 so we have met again, Sergeant; Jasper.' 'Oh t spare me, Mr. Dwyer. I am not: fit to die.' * So I fear, but I'm afraid that yon would! not improve any. It seems to me it's worse you are getting, and the longer you'd be allowed to l^ve the more sins you'd have to answer for.' 1 For God's s»ke, spare me this time, and I'll leave the yeomen for ever, and lead a agio® life.' 'Hergwuit Jasper, you are a hypocrite as well as a cruel scoundrel. P have spared your life on more than one oooasion, vet you nave shown your gratitude by hunting me down like a dog. I warned yon that if you shed say more Innooent blood I would take your life. Ton have not paid any heed to my Henaefs.. Tou have murdered several: innobont people, and only yesterday you f bvtfttfd tne faun over that poor wretch, Orsey NeU, whose reason you had unsettled by murdering her children. You thought she was in the cabin at the time, and, when you failed in burning her up, you and your master set a bloodhound upon her which tow her topioces. Such a demon is not fit to live. What shall we do with him, boys ?' • Hang him, captain.* Tho wretoh prayed and craved for life, and, throwing himself before tho feet of Miohael Dwyer, he clung to his garments, and cried and begged for mercy iu tho moBt oowardly and piteous manner. ' Away with the wretoh I Hang him to the next tree 1' exclaimcd Dwer, as ho spurned him from before him. The men had to gag and tie him, so desperately did he struggle, and had aotually to drag him by the feet to tho fatal tree, from a limb of whioh he soon dangled a lifeless oorpse. Dwyer went over to Hempenstall, who was still breathing, aud, turning to his men, exolaimed: ' Boys, Btring this hangman up beside his oompanion, and let that tree bo bleBt, for never before did one bear suoh goodly fruit.' CHAPTER XXVI. EKTKmtTTION—WALSHER'B ESOAPK AND DEATH —WHITBLEY AN]) LAPPA* MBET IN BUBM1C —MTJBDEll AND BOBBERY. THB rage of Colonel Gowan when his men oame flying back to him knew no bounds; he swore and stormed in a fearful manner. The affrighted yeomen magnified the number of their assailants, and the brave colonel, instead of going buck to reBouo his men or revenge their death, fled in precipitation, taking a oirouit around a hill in order to avoid ooming in oonfliot with Dwyer and his party. Not until he had left tho soene of the disaster miles behind him did be take time to make inquiries about the affair, and, oalling up one of the men who had eBoapod, he asked: 'Now, Drennan, as we are out of the clutohes of the murderers, will you tell us how it ocourred P' • Faith 1 there is not muoh to tell your honour. When we rode up to the lodge the plaoe looked dark and deserted. The sergeant and three or four of the men got off their horses and knooked for admission, when Dwyer stepped from behind a wall and ordered his men to fire upon us. They did so, and the lieutenant and three of the men fell dead from their horses. Of oourse the other men and the sergeant were all oaptured, for their horses ran away at tho first fire, and I'm sure everyone of them is dead by thiB time.' The brave oolonel shuddered at the esoapo he had had. How fortunateit was for him that he remained at the Hall, for had he not he would have met the fate of tho rest! ' I must make a big thing out of this to the Government,' he muttered. ' My firstlieutenant and sergeant aud several men killed and myself wounded. What a sensation that wilt bo! But, then, how did Dwyer know that we were coming. It oould not be ohanoe; there was treaoheiy somewhere. By h—1! could it he that that false-hearted, white-livered sooundel Walsher has sold us ? 7es, it looks like it; how else oould Dwyer know anything about the plot P Curse him, he must be the traitor, and a double-dyed one at that. Should I find him at Holiyford on my return I'll string him higher than a kite, the murderous villain! Ha 1 that will read well too. How I was deceived by a spy, who was also in the pay of the enemy as well as in mine, and how I exeouted the traitor after extorting a full oonfesBion from him. I can draw up a fearful catalogue of orimes against my enemies, and frighten him into signing it as his confession. I will then hang him up, for dead men tell no tales.' The state of mind in whioh Oolonel Gowan was when he readied home can be easily oonoeived. At the beBt of times he was oruel and tyrannical to his servants and dependents, but now he was a perfeot demon. As he dashed into the house, the first question he asked the butler was: 1 Is that d—d pretended priest here yet P' ' Ton mean Mr. Walsher, oolonol ?' ' Who the h—I elao would I mean ? Is he heref ' Yea, oolonel; he got so drunk that we put him into Sergeant JaBper'B bed, and there he is still.' ' Ouroe him! I'll cure him of drinking; the miserable sneaking spy 1' So saying, Oolonel Gowan strode through the hail-way, and, taking from the table a heavy hunting-whip, he rushed into the room in whioh Walsher was deeping off his debauch. Gowan seized the half-drunken wretoh by the shoulder, and, shaking him as a terrier would a rat, hissed between his teeth; ' Tou sneaking, oanting sooundrel, 111 first flog the life out of you, and then hang your oarcaaa for the birds of the air to feed upon.' Suiting the action to the words, he brought the whip down upon his shoulders, end aotnsily rained blows over his bodv. His viotim became sobered by the terrible and unexpected onslaught made upon him, and, jumping up, he grabbed the whip tland, confronting Gowan, exolaimed: 1 Whatdoesjall this mean, Oolonel Gowan|P Are you drunk or crasy P' 1 Neither, yon infernal sooundrel.! It means that you have betrayed me, and got me into a trap, in whioh poor HempenBtall and Jasper were killed.' «It is false, oolonel; I have aoted in good faith.' 'In good f»ith, indeed! If so, how ing know of to receive iu you • T n affair out and dried, You had nrrnnged it with that low-born rebel Garret Byrnes, aud you will pay the penalty with your worthless life-' Walsher, now terribly alarmed, pleaded and expostulated with his savage mwiilant. He argued how improbablo it was that ho had nctod treacherously in the matter, for had ho dunoPO ho would not have bargained for future pay, neither would he have remained at the hoiue until Gowan returned, but would have flod for safety. The argument, plaueihln in iu-elf, had no influenoe upon the irate oolonol, who retortrd by saying: ' Your cunning overroeched itself. Yon made the agreement iu order to give a oolour of truth to your villanous plot; and as t<> getting away, you brute I you beoame toi drunk to know what you were doing. You'll get no moroy from roe. ^ on have but a few hours to live. In the first plaoe, givo m ' out tho money and oontraot I gave you. It in enough to have my men killed without paying for it.' ' But, oolonel, you know—' ' Hand them out, I say !' The whip was raised over tho sprawlintr wretoh, who trembled and, shivered witi) mortal fear. Walsher pleaded hard, but blood and murder were gleaming from the eyes of tho other ; so, with a groan of anguish, ho gave up the money and papers. Gowan thruet them into his pooket, and then lashed the writhing wretoh with the whip. Stung with pain aud madness, Walsher jumped out of tho bed and seized the other. A fierce tussle ensued, and blows and kicks were freely exchanged for a time. Tho sorvants at length took courage to enter the room and separated the two desperate men, who in their blind fury looked more liko wild beaBts than human beings. 'Take him away; fling him into the guard-house. By heavens ! he will not livo to see the morning's light!' shouted Gowan. Walsher was dragged between the men and hustled into the very room where the oorpse of Crazy Nell still remaiued unburied. As the door olosed upon him tho fliokering of a lamp revealed tho horrid tight before him. There lay the poor maniao, with her bloated faoo and dishevelled hair covered with olotted blood, presenting a ghastly and siokening pioture. Walsher trembled and oowered at tho horrid sight. ' What 1' he muttered, ' is this retribution P There is a just God after all; here are all my orimes reooiling upon me. The blood-money I have earned has been my damnation, aud this wretched oreature, whom I have murdered, seems to appeal to Heaven for vengeanoe against me. God, 0 God! this is juetioe with a vengeanoe. I am unfit to die, to faoe your terrible judgment. But then hell, with all its torments, oannot be worse than this ! O God I oan I pray f But what is the use of it ? Can a few prayers wrung from me by fear atone for a life of duplioity and wiokedness ? Oh 1 no, no, it's a mockery; its damnation !' The wretoh threw himself on his knees and in vain tried to pray. The terror of death had so stunned his faculties that he oould not take his eyes from the body of the murdered woman. After some time, the desire of life returning with full force, he began to oalculate hie ohanoes of esoaping. While doing so ho heard the Bentry halt in front of the door, and by plaoing his ear to the key- hole he oould hear a conversation going on. 'What are the orders, sergeantf' asked the Bentry as he grounded his musket. ' The oolonel has ordered us to bring this traitor before him. He wants' him to Bign some paper or another before he hangs him. The boys are preparing a swing for him iu the big maple- tree.' ' All right, sergeant,' replied the other, ae he fumbled for the key. It seems that our faoulties are sometimes quickened by terrible emergencies. So it was in this case. Walsher saw a ohanoe for esoapo by playing on the superstitions of the men. He hastily raised up the oorpse and supported it upright. 'As the sergeant opened the door he held the light before him and peered in. The light flashed on the faoe of the dead) woman, who bobbed her head into his faoe > and with a scream of terror he fled. His comrades, too, saw the terrible sight and rushed after him. Walsher let the body fall on the floor and made hiB escape through the shrubbery. He travelled all night with the intention of joining Whiteley at Bid Dooian's. Day was breaking when he reaohed Mrs. Dooian's, and, fearing to rap for. admission, he lay oonoealed behind a pile of heather until the door would be opened. Soon Mra. Doolan appeared with a vessel in. her hand to fetoh water from the spring. As she passed near Walsher he whispered:: • Mrs. Doolan!' The voman started and looked round. . <It's Fm & it, Mrs. Doolan; you knoW Mr. Walsher, this togjarth.«' ' Lord save UB from harm 1' replied the other, as she recognised the tutored and bloody form of the onoe natty W dsher. < What has happened to yo i? Sure we all thought you were killed.' ' Well, I was so near it that it was no joke. But oan I go in f I» there anyone ineideP' • Not a sinner. Slip in (tt)' I'll toon be in with water to oook the breakfast.' He did so, and Mrs. Doolan &bw; tettnned. (To St continued.)' ; . • «Roues OK RATS " clears out roaches, flies, ants, bed-bugs, beqt eVunkB, _ jaolt-rfthbita,, gophers. XomVosi* ©o.,^ydney,<3«nena 