Tlio E)csp::r;iGo eiml Fiii'iiau. Anbrii'tho year 1851 thbinoat intlueritialinari dm San Antonio was- an alleged desperado' luinied Bob Augustine. ' / Bob. came,' to Si'iV Antonio vvitl.i'a foarful'recoi'J. Hq qnjoyod tlio repntafioh of having'killod'n dozen or On of ' men; 'arid was . renxicoted.'riooo'rdiriglyj Whila ho wail in Brin Aulonia iio did'Aqt to-' dtice 'tho census, at allj. hut that vvmj riot liiw fault. , He had- a eednotive way of 'ilrowihg Ma oightoon'-inoh Arkannas toothpioh and ox- auiining; it oritia'aliy with a' . ainbiter riniiio wliilo ihumbly requesting the toniu'ornty loan of ?6,.--£li«a was'ii that riBoh '.wont: ribotit acquiring wealth and warm pprsbnnl friends, but Ofeating no fnnorals... There woro rumom that Bob was playing., bluff, but that was after ho had marolicd away, '- \CIt was daring tho reign. of-Bob -Augnstino, " £lie long-rango roarer uf Calavcraa Canyori," aS'hc familiarly called himself, that' a young . man? from ? Boston, . named, - John : Wiutbrop, camo to Sin! Antonio, presnmribly in; search of health; as ho brought very littlo with iym-.. Ho was far gone in consumption, and nothing I bat tbo fadt that ho had but a short, timo to ! , live, unless vtho oiimato of western Texas eived him, ri indnoed him/,to oomo to, -San Antonio. As everybody carried :a' -pistol; Winthrop dld. not .enro, to ; inanlt.pnblio'do- cobby" by going unrirmod.- Beaidesj sriph a o'ourso might as seriously interfere , with liis r'eatoration . .to - health as pntting; on . ri, clean shirt.-' .- ' ' i IHs Paritan traming cauecd him: to revolt at tbo idoa of carrying .firoarras,'! Ro lio ro. bortod. to irtifico.!. Ho worn. a holatnr, but, instead of kcoping a piitol lrijit, ho hdd hls qash foods stored away in it, arid; nobody was tho wiser for it. On the contrary,'' Win- throp was looked np io by tho; best citizens jas( tbo samo as ii hoiwaa loaded down'.witk 4eadly weipbris.', !0f bbnrsoeverybbdy.'tried to muko tho stranger from Massachusetts feel da comfortable as' if .ho.waS'at'homb j'so ho . was told all about Bob Atogimtlhc, thq long, fanged roarer, -at least ton times a dayV arid ho was advised riot to ba particular in.asking ' ' qeonrity. for tha .dobt in cbso .the roarer wanted to borrow'ri small lban; rinlbssiho'fWinthbop) did not wish to regain his health. ; :> t The ' Ibng:ranged: roarer? oonntsred; into YVinthrop'e room at (ho hotel;' but; betorb'iho dtsporodo eouid 'open liia rnonth or dfaw a weapon tho nnfortunato Yankco throw book his coat, and. with, trembling fingers tugged at 'fifs pistol hjolster to Getat his taonby to'vap. hand, as soon as tho roarer saw iVinthrop trying to. get ont hie pistol ho (urnc'd ns palo ds a ghost. Tho alleged desperado's knees knocked, together, tho oold 'sweat boiled ont all oyer him, and ho extended his himd and said tremblingly: ri-:.'.--ri-.;-:: ;' !' Don't . draw,, good Mr. Yankee,'. t w4s only trying to fool yon. My' bold' Arkansas heart berite for yon, my boy. I ' jest - wanted to tcaoh yon a lesson. . .Never let any -darned galoot get tho drop on yon; If anybody in- suits yon juet'tcil them that Bob Abguatine, tho roarer, is yoriririend." i Wintbrop,' who was more scared,: if -pos sible; than tho roarer, roniiod ': . ' , ; '.'Ob, I'll give yon what yon want,": nnd kept on tagging at thq hoistor," whioh eomo iirihricklbd. . ri;' ./ I With a ycli of dismay tho desperado passed 'ant through tho window, carrying off . the cash, arid ran down Commodore - street; tho - principal thoroughfare, with the sash on his neok, howling, "Polico 1 .police I " closely nuriucd by Wlnth'rbp, who kept on tagging qt his holotcr, trying to got out his money-, he believing that tha desperado was running to fila room to prooara a bhot-gun with which to commit mnrder; All that aftornoon Win-., tbrop >. kept ,'ori hnnthig .tho roriror, ; to par- ebaso peaco on any terms, and tho roarer hid ' Himself to avoid tho pistol of the Boston plan.' Next .morning the long-ranged roaror of tho ' Calaveras canyon was missing, arid Wintbrop was tho lion of tho day for having rnn off tho terror of tho Alamo Oily.'. . ' -' 