EDITH O'GORMAN. .Special attention having been again drawn, to this lady's revelations of Con vent life, we give an epitome of . her career. She was born in Ireland. in 1.82. At an early age she emigrated to America with her parents. t In common with many strict Roman Catholics, Edith O'Gorman was educated among Protestants, and was thus made acquainted with the Scriptures. When aged seventeen, she became anxious about the salvation of her soul, and was assured by her Priest that the only means by which she could attain it, was by entering a Convent; and her parents were threatened by the Bishop with the severe censures of " the Church" if they in any way hindered their daughter from entering upon the "vocation" ot a Nun, it being a part of the duty of a Priest to show his penitent r what her " vocation" is. _ Great promises of happiness . and celestial joy were Held out as an induce ment for her to become " a Bi ide of the King of kings." The Convent walls were to exclude " the devil and' all his works, with all the sinful lusts of the flesh." Under these circumstances, and filled with, these hopes, Miss Edith O'Gorman became Sister Teresa de Chantel. But the young Nun soon found that the " roaring of the adversary " was more terrible loithinthe Convent than mthout it ; while from the hatred, malice, and tyranny of superiors, and the unwar ranted attentions: of Priests, there was rio escape except by flight., This. Miss O'Gorman was able to effect in January; 1868\. ; When Miss O'Gorman, alias Sister Teresa de Chantel, left the Convent, it was not with' the view of. becoming a Protestant, but in order to escape from the solicitations of a Priest,, and. save her honour. . After leaving , the. Convent, her suffer ings for a time were of a very severe character. Some "scribes," desirous of casting dis credit upon statements- made by "The Escaped. Nun,"— -statements which they dare not' contradict —suggest that " she ought to have made them nearer home." This is exactly what she did, . In) Jersey City, New Jersey, U.S.A.,' where she had lived and laboured as a Nun for over four years in St. Joseph's Convent ; and from which Convent she; escaped, where she was well known, es pecially among: Roman Catholics, she: gave her first lectures the first, October 5, 1869 against , a system of religion that has been the terror of ages, not against, Roman Gat\ip\\\QS: individually. v<: -/, In the North Baptist Church- of Jersey City, only "a short distance from the Con vent, slie was baptized by the Rev. H. A. Cordo in December, 1869. She was also married by him to Professor William Auffray: in: 1870. In her lectures she gave the names, dates, facts, and circum stances, in the cities where they had oc curred, : and challenged the Romish Bishops;: Priests, and Nuris to deny them, which they did not, becaUse they could not.,,. : Then the malice and enmity of the Papists drove them to attempt her ass assination. This roused many Protes tants to a sense of the danger in which their J indifference to' the progress of Popery had placed them, and Christian Pastors gave her the right hand of fPllbw- sliip and bade lier God-speed , in her mission. ,, The Pastor of the Church into whose fellowship she was received, thus commended her to the "fellowship of sister Churches; and to the kind regards of Christians of every name" Failing to take away her life by viol once, the Jesuits set about their vile work of defaming. In a copy of the San Francisco Evening Post, through the agency of " private detectives," they de clared that the " Escaped Nun " was not Edith O'Gorman at all, but one Fanny Woodward, a woman of bad fame from Melbourne. This libellous attack, for which there was not the slightest ground, was signed, " Thomas Ansbro and Co., private dectives, 411, California-street, San Francisco." Providentially, a few days before this libel appeared, "the Escaped Nun" received the following letter: — Sari Francisco, June 22, 1872. Deab Madam,— "When I attended your first lecture in ( Piatt's Halloas s Soman Catholic, I was so prejudiced : against you that I thought there was nothing bad enough could bo done to get you , out ol , the way., I am an honest man; whoii I,hud heard., your ; lecture, .though, I liad. to acknowledge that every word you said about the power of tho Priests over us, and their extortion froin us, was perfectly true. Whatever you suffered in the convent I know nothing, but I 'felt the forco of tho truth of all that you said. My sympathies wero with you so much that I attended every ono of your lectures. Whon I camo away last night from your fourth lecture my conscience as a Romau Catholio was filled with remorse. You know I had committed a grievous sin by endangering my faith in attending your lectures, aud my faith was, so much in danger that I was all in doubt in regard to it, and all in sympathy with you. Whenever I experienced any unusual romorse of conscience I was in the habit of confessing to the Jesuits. The Jesuit College was on my way home from the hall. I wont into tho college with tho intontioh of making my confession. While I was sitting in the cor ridor waiting for ono of the Fathers to hear iny confession, I overheard through tlio door of the reception room (which was slightly adjar), near which I was sitting, and from the lips of those which I thought wero holy men, a conspiracy or plot against you. Yonr lectures are doing; the Church so great an injury thoy are going to get you.abducted, or bribe men to perjure their souls to dofamo your character. I cannot writo you any more, but I writo you this and warn you to bo on your guard. You may bo sure I did not go to confession. It is my last- confession, thank God ! ' Yours faithfully, Thomas Meagher. The " Escaped Nun " had good grounds for charging the infamous libel upon those connected with the " Jesuit College, of San Francisco ; " but she could only ; sue the pseudo detectives who appear to have been recognised all through San Francisco by the press, the police, magistrates, and citizens, as tools of, and acting for, the Jesuits against her. The following remarks by the papers of the day go to confirm this. The San Francisco Chronicle of July 14, 1872, reports : — The O'Gobman Triads. David Lytton, sworn, testified . I live in Mel bourne, Australia; fro-ri 1855 to 1865. J Colonel . Dudley : have you seen this woman they call the " Nun " there? > Edith was again called into court for inspection. Lifting her neatly-gloved hand, she raised hel ved, and turned" her' bright bluo eyes full upon the witness. After looking at her a moment, the question was repeated, and tho 'witness 'answered.: Yes, sir, I swear that I have seen that wotnari ih' Melbourno. I am ; positive she was known as Fannie Woodward, Phil.- Smith, alias Allis, sworn, testified : T know: this woman; tho Nun, in Melbourne, Aus tralia; Colonel Dudloy : What name did tho Nun go by? Allis: She wub known there by tho namoof- Fannie Woodward. . - Mrs. Auffray was agaiiv brought into eourt, and. requested to raise her veil and look at tho witnoss. She. did, and tho witness -lookod at her. Colonel Dudley :i Now;you look at that lady, - and tell me if she is the lady that you kneiv four; toon years ago in Melbourne. . . V , Allis : L swoar (positively that she is the woman. I knew her in 1858 and 1859. ' Chronicle of ;.Tiily, 15,1873— continuation of testimony : ; Jiidgo; Loudorbacli : ! Now, " Mr: and; Mrs. Auffray, please stand up. 1 want you; Allis,1 to state positively whothor you over suw those people, before. - ; Allis : I have already said I had. ; ' , , The Court : - Do: you swear positively, without i reservation, that those two peoplo are the iden tical two ; whom .you haye dpsoribed as Fannie., , Woodward.and Mjranda, the Prussian? Allis.. looked . at the judge, .and .turned .palo.-i Judge' Louderbach looked him "square in the face, so did Edith O'Gorman, so did , her husband. Every eye in tho eourt wris on liim. Aftor a slight pause ho ansvvqrod : I: dp positively swear that they are the same two; : " That will do," said tho' judge, as he turned away with a look of disgust., ' Those who employed tbe '' private; detectives " knew well they. had under-, taken a desperate work, and they, did their best to enable tliem to accomplish it. Besides the " private detectives," fourteen others were suborned to swear away the: character of the " Escsipeil N un " and. her husband ; while two. of the ablest crimin al , lawyers . in . - Ban ; . Francisco'; Colonel Dudjey , and Colonel ijBarues, were en gaged on their behalf.- ;v , - (s \ . The time of the > alleged ; acquaintance of these -'-suborned men with " -Fanny ' Woodward," and "the forger, Miranda, the Prussian," was fourteen years before.' Providentially, Mr. Auffray had with him letters and papers of importance of that date, proving that he was a student in, France at the same time these "private detectives" and their Jesuit-directed accomplishes swore they knew1 them in Melbourne, where neither Edith O'Gor man, nor her husband bad ever set a foot ! The eesult of this first trial is thus given by the San Francisco Chronicle, July 20, 1872 :— the detectives defeated — edith o'oobman sustained— shits fob fehjdby, &c.; Public iuterest in the Auffray ease culminated yesterday. The Audreys with several lady friends, occupied soats in the rear of Colonel Dudley. Among other notables present were Col. William Barnes, D. H. Tripp, Rev. Dr. Hemphill; of Calvary Church, Rev. Dr. Pinkham, Miss. Leslie Lester, and four members of tho Young Men's Christian Association., Col. Dudley came into court. a little after oue o'clock, and in a moment after, Judge Tyler entered and took his seat. Mrs. Auffray seemed 50 be in tho best of spirits, and laughed and chatted with her frioiids 'quite gaily. All eyes were on the judge. The court- room whs ub quiet as the grave. Ansbro sat with b sutlen look, with his'.oyes' resting on tho floor. Allis, pule as a ghost, siit, with his chin on his breast never moving a niusolo. Mrs. Auffray sat nervously twitching her fan, whilo her husband w'atohod every movement of tho Judgo with anxiety. Judgo Loudoi bach rested his 'chin on his hands "as if in deep thought. Presently ho lifted his head and suid — "Ansbro will be held on tho charge of libel in 5,000 dollars bail, to await tbo action of tho grand jury. Allis will be hold in 5,000 dollars bail to answer a charge of peijury." The feelings of tho audience could no longer brook restraint and burst- out in a round of ap plause. The friends of the Auffrays erowdod around them with congratulations, and not a person in tbo crowd but what felt that justice had boeii' fully vindicated. The - San Francisco Republican , in a leading article, July 23, 1872, says : — It is a pity there is not some way to reach the parties who are undoubtedly at the bottom of it all — tlio Catholic Josuits. But they cover up their tracks too well, and if justice has not oare the two criminals now arraigned before tho law will escapo the punishment so richly deserved. 1 " Before the case came up again for trial in Octoher, Allis, who swore so " tall" in July, took flight ; while Ansbro was sentenced to a year's imprisonment. ' Nevertheless, long afterwards, a Priest in England with the title of Lord A. Douglas, attempted to renew the slander ; and be also lias served the cause. For if it excited some of Lord A. Douglas's co religionists in his own neighbourhood to maltreat ber— as Lawrence Parnell was sentenced to pay " a fine of £1, or go to prison for seven days," for the part he took in riotous conduct at the " Escaped Nun's" lecture in Trinity Chapel, Edg- ware-road, March 16, 1882 — it has caused others to inquire more earnestly1 into her antecedents, and made them more deeply interested in her work. A,nd as the "Escaped Nun" promised to pray for the " English gentleman " who " despite- fully used and persecuted . her, " we trust he may yet be restored to the faith which; in ignorance, we trust, he 'sought to destroy. ; : "'i '' Considering the fearful . progress . of apostacy from God and His truth that, marks these days, the malevolence of the. Jesuits and their creatures towards this devoted heroic woman is not to be won dered at. ; Jesus says : " If they have' persecuted Me, they will also persecute; you." And since the time ot Mr. William1 Murphy, who was murdered at White haven, by 300 Papists under the direction of the Priests, and with the connivance of the Government, there has been no lecturer whose testimony was so well adapted to the wants, of the people and the wants of the time. The value of her: addresses to tho women of England is beyond computation. The. men of: Eng land, we fear, are " givon over to believe a lie!" ,vHow.;;gracipus.;is God.i tO; give, them another such. witness . after the . shameful, way in which they - bad:.: treated His: servants and; their testimony ! They had despised- tho "faithful .warnings of men .ilikef '"'"Dean; "Goode, ' /Hugh' , M'Neile, H. Stowellj' A. S. Thelwall, Henry Cooke, aud, Robert G. , .M'Ghee ; they had ! per verted the law to brand as obscene and. illegal ithat '.faithful-; exposure of, and un impeachable witness against. Papal cor-; ruption -and wickedness, " The Confes sional Unmasked ; " They had consented to ; the imprisonment and murder of Irish' Protestants who exposed themselves to every adversity , , and : danger for the truth's sake.. i "The -Escaped'Nuu ". brought . with her, most " satisfactory credentials, and 1 she' fully j justified 11 all«: that her friends had said about her. ; ; yhe has had the testimony of the Pastor of the "Oh urch jrito' which- she was 'received, soon after ber, conversion, and the Pastors of., many :;, Churches ; speak .in similar terms:— 1 '"At ''"the Illinois Annual Conference of the Metlioclisfc;Episc,opal Church/ meeting in Paris, Illinoi8,;i876, ahd before which, the EscapedN uh." spoke, the following Resolution was unanimously, passed,, Bishop Wiley -presiding Resolved, vthat 1 wo havo listened with great ploasure to the -earnost and eloquont address of Miss Edith O'Gqrnian, . and as ministers of the Illinois Conference, promise to give her : all tho eneouragoin'ontin our powor in theihoble. work:in which sho ia engaged. whenevor she shall visit : tho cities, or towns whore it may, be our, lot to labour. : The Reformed Priest, James A. O'Con nor, Pastor of the Independent Catholic , Church, New York, writes :—: : V June 8, 1881. Mr deab Mb. Ahffbay, — I tako the occasion .of yotir' tlo|iarture for England a fitting time to thank you for the series of ' admirablo lectures deli voi-ed in my : Church la3t October by your talented wife, so woll known throaghbut America as' " Edith O'Gorman, "the Escaped Nun." - As a Roman Catholic Priest of Chicago, Illinois, I liud loai-ned to fear the name of Edith O'Gor man as tho most powerful enemy the Church ot Rome had, in America. When I came to' know, hor, after our good , God . had ; delivered mo from tho yoke, of superstition : in the Roman Church, I did not. marvel ;.at tho, hatred of Rome against hor. ' 1 . ; In her lectures she is upholding Christ against tho Pope's Church with an ability unequalled, an eloquonco unsurpassed, and a. Christian tone and mnnnor that win all hearts to the truths she. pro claims. It is only those who havo been in tho inner most sanctuary of the Roman Catiiolic Church, as Priests nnd Nuns, that thoroughly comprehend how unchristian and diabolical that systouiris. That it is not a part 'of tho Christian religion no one in America can moro forcibly-and eloquently prove than Edith O'Gorman. God speed hor in hor noblo work ! . , , 1 Tho overflowing audiences lhat camo to hoar her in my Church last year wore oxccllod by ' thb immonso mnltitudo that poured out to hoar' her in my Church last Sunday evening -prior 'to her departure for England. ; . !! .-''i' May our Heavonly Father bloss you and watch oyer you at all timos is the prayor.of your friend and brother , James ; A. . O'Connob. The testimony to the > 'character of "Edith O'Gorman" and1 her work, by ministers of the Gospel in England, is most satisfactory; and while she was lecturing, the escape of a Nun from a Convent at Gratz, in Austria, has con firmed all she said. This Nun threw her self out of her Convent window into the river, preferring death, as she declared, to life in such a "hell unon earth." Idolatory. — The Ghurch Times pub lishes the subjoined quotations from the writings of the Jesuit Vnsqnez, on the sub ject of image worship Not only may a painted image, and every holy tiling sot forth by public authority for tho .worship of God; be properly adored, 'with God,' as -the irhiige of Himself, but _also uny.' othor' thiiig of this world, whether it bo inanimate and irrational; or in .its nature rational, and devoid ''of dnnjger." ; / "" Witliliolding; " tlie . Cup. — St. James's Ghroniclc mys -.—TWo Rit'ualiHts liave commenced ' advocating Communion iii one kind, after the example of the Church ,of Rome. ' The Ghurch Review remarks i1--" But now woaro told that 'Coiiimutiion in' one kind is'forbijjdoh in the Bible.; Surely this is. not so'; it is '6 nibro forbidden thari Baptism 'by affusion1; But more can bb said; Sitico the gift in both, cases is the; Rame— viz., Christ' Himself— it evideritly' will bo in the Church's power to withhold for" good 'reViBons:;onb 'pr' \- other of the species.'''1 -The. Oliorch'.'bfd'Roihe first' withdrew the, cup 'from tlie laity, .by, . decree of the Council of Constance, in tlio yonr'1415; ' ; Princess Alice's Opiuiou Of Ritualists. — Tliero -is (says', St, James's Ghronicle) a remarkable - statement in ono of the letters of the Itftq Princess Alice; published in the biographical skotch jof her, life given to the public last week/- It' refers to the . Ritualists, nnd is as follows I : think among .those Ritualists there: are ' bcindt tide Cntlvolics who help to convert that is convert to Popery. There is only too much1, reason to fear that the Princess guessed -the truth. In the sixteenth and seventeenth cen-; turies many Jesuit priest's were discovered in the 'disguise of Protectant :: clergy men, /arid' even as Nonconforming ministers. Particu-;1. lnrs of these cases, are given in the late Dean Good's valuable pamphlet,;" Rome's Tactics." It is not atrall unlikely that 'many Ritualists of tho present day are nothing'less than dis guised Jesuits. . Oranjge Cliarity. — Mrs. Holmes , deares to return her heartfelt thanks, to tbo; members of the Orange lodges,; who nobly arid' generously rendered assistance in her doep affliction. It is ofton our pleasure 'to', record such pleasing instances, of brotlierly love among . Orangemen. We beg tb'call'tho1 attention of the lodges who subscribed to tlio relief of the "widow arid children 'of; the late brother Uharles Holmes to the list of sub-' scriptiori8 reeeivod for' that purpose, ;'whicli' was advertised by 'No.1 132 Loyal Orango Lodge on page 10 of our last issue. " " ' Small-pox in Sydney and Maitlaini. — In Victoria; South Australia,' : and New.Zealand, recently, the dreadod small pox made its appearance; and tho hope that N. S. Wales would 'escape was abruptly dispelled on Saturday night last| when it was reported that small-pox had again appeared in Lower George-street, in the' Orient Hotel; kept by Walter M'Coiribio; at the corner of Argyle - street. The.; Inspecting Medical Gfficer was despatched to the place, arid -ho found' no less- than; five; persons suffenrig' frbiri small-pox in a more or less advanced' stage. The hotel was Jinmediately qiiarari- tined and placarded," and a'gu'ard placed'.1 One of the'patieritsdiad beoii treated' for -chicken- pbx since the 8th; The: patients v'aro "Gl ' W- Mantell, aged-38, a lodger lEIiza Smith (35);- a: nurse ; Johanna Kenny (20); servant ;' Ida' M'Coiribie (21) ; , Walter Albert M'Ooiribie (5 months). Besides those tli ere were' iri the house— Alice M'Combie (15), Frank1 M'Cpiri- bie (12), ft man' named Joseph Henderson, Arthur ' Miller (seaman), Charles " Donohoe (fireman), James Bush (fireman), arid aribthor fireman named Crawford. .Tho latter were all vaccinated on Saturday night, arid the patients were taken1 down to the' quarantine station.' The other inmates of the hotel have also gone to the quarantine station at North Head, and Kate Kenny, who hadTately been visiting her sister at the Orient Hotel, has been sent down,' andan other girl who had ' been at the hotel; H. Crawford since his1 arrival at the quarahtirie ground developed symptoms of smallpox:' Mr. Walter M'Uombie remained behind; alqrie in the house, but the disease attacked hini also, and lie was taken to the quaruntiiio1 ground on Wednesday. The hotel premises have been undergoing a thorough disinfection; and the streets in tlio neighbourhood watered with diluted disinfectants. Dr. Muskett is attending to the arrangements at the quaran tine station. Tho drninago of the hotel was in a very bad stato, but the unfortunate Mr. ' M'Gombio is hardly responsible for this; for be is said to have paid £1100 as incoming for the place within a fortnight. Mrs. M'Combio is reported to bo utterly knocked . — — — — lip wi 111 nursing and anxiety. It1 is feared that ; Frank M'Combie iB shewing symptoms that the disease has attacked him. The. girl M'Kenhy is very ill. Soon after the report , of the outbreak in Sydney came nows that at East Maitland a case of small-pox had, ,oc- cured in the person of William Henry Hillis, a Queensland drover, who had- been staying in the Orient Hotel in George-steeetpSydney. He did not remember the: name" of .-tho- hotel, , but remembered a shi p piiinted on the window, which the Orient has. ' Hillis;1 who1 was-' sup posed to have only a temporary indisposition, went to' West Maitland, where Dr. Morson de clared him to be suffering from variola,' with w.hich opinion : Dr., .Blackwell,: .Government MedicahOfficer, and :his ; assistant .Dr.: Busspll, agreed, r The case iR said to.be a:, severe. one. Mrs. Williamson's .. Bank a Hotel , t W estj-. 8ja;|r' land',' where the palicnt.wasstayingfhns bepii quarantined; Tn the houseware— Mrs.. W.illiamf sow and ! her daughter,' Mrs: 'BunthorneV i'Miss Mary..;Tynan,>iMi8si.Mary>-Ann» Jolilfe'; Mr. Sellars, '.clerks of- lAvorks.-at St.T!Pcters''new church1: Jamos Murdoch, -labour ;. two brothers Tynan,:and Mr._Cameron,.o£,Newcastle..rMrB. Bunthorne's child, -who had been staying, in .the house wen t to school yesterday morning and has .. not yet. returned, the.inference being ,that , he has been, detained by -some, relative'. -j Dr; Smith. linB gone, in quest .of . the.. child,, and he-will be placed in .quarantine .when, found; 'A' female who went to West Maitland, and returned to find the house closed, 'cannot bo foundl Tents have been .sent up, ; and the, patient - is to be- removed to., one, and ; the, hbuso'thoroiighlv disinfected.' There is great excitement .-in Newcastle, .andthe district round. Maitland, "about. the case,, and all sorts . of precautions are. being. taken ;to prevent. .the. spread of .the ovil. t . . .., , ,, ,. ; llateS.Thb,fpllo(wing;dato8 have been assigned for the, firstlrecoptionj of sbvoral .of . the' r Popish' . peculiarities.. Traces iof ..-.their existencej a, few years. previous, may in some : cases', be, discernedj . but their .currency, .and s general reception/cannot bo,. dated;-'.earlier.:-r-, enance;/'150;;''14pn.kory,. .328;; .Latin Mass, ' SS&Y;/'Ekt 558, ; .Purgatory, 593 ; Inybcatiqn|:pf.the'.yirgin<and.of. Saints, 594.;. i Papa! Supremacy, 607 ,; , Image Worship, 715 ;; Canonization . of Saints, ,993>; Baptism. ..of ; Bells," 1000; Transuhst'an'tiation, 1000 ;;Celi-.: ; bacy:-.pf;Clorgy, 1015-.;- .'Indulgences, ,.1190 ; : Dispensations, 1200 ; The ,Inquisition..<1204.; Confession, 1215 ; Elevation '.of -, the Host, : 1222.. ' . ' . ; The Revision , , of the. Old : Testament. — The Eoch says : — " So ; many; inaccurate statements have -appeared with rospbet to. the revised version .of,. the, Old, ; Testament that it may bo as well to say, -once for all, what the facts are, so tor. as they can . be properly made, known at:present. .. In the, ; first place, then, although .the revision,- pro-, perly so called, is finished, the book ,will not, i be published . this, .year,,.; us , it. lias :(been, announced 'in Homo quarters, it , would , be. There is good reason, however, for. expecting its appearance early ..in. 1885., < In . the mean,- , time it is well not .to accept as. necessarily! truthful 'any -reports ( aB, ,.to .the alterations, whiolr have; been made: - The revisers have, kept- their own counsel, ..as /was.. their/duly/ and the public must'wait as patiently a\'tliey, may till the results ,of their work are formally, : disclosed. We may. : add ,,to ; this .(generar caution the statement, which we. are ; enabled! to, make- on authority, Ttliat some;; positiye, announcements on the subject (attributed .to; President Chase, in (a lectureiat.Pliilaa'elphia,. were not- made .- by ,him. ..Alljthat'reaident; Chase did. on that occasion/was to, mention '.al number of passages -with. regard to. whicfi'(the, general consent of- scholars has, led to. the ekr, pectation that ceriain1alt'oratipns,\vni.be made'.; The expectation .rmay'pr''may.,"nqf iprovo "to Have been well founded" /Yi i, 