Our Sydney Letter. rraOK OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.! Novcmbor 8. Pahliasient is prorogued ; Sir Henry Parkes has resigned his scat in the Assembly ; tho Molbourno ' Cup ' excitement is over, and wo aro again a sedate people. It was said that Parliament was hastily prorogued at tho last to make it possible for honourable members to une* +l»r- *? Pmi '* i-miii 1n»4- T afv/vmriv wii'mff'f. Hint if the business of the Government iiiid not boon finished neither tho 'Cup' nor tho 'bottle' would havo prevailed upon the Ministry to give way. Tho Governor's speech amounted to saying, 'Gentlemen, this has been a long session. I am glad you are going homo, and I am sure you must be.' But after all that wo havo heard of the land law, it seems that tho noiso over it is only about to begin. Sir Henry Parkes, on resigning, said this of it: — 'Tho present Parliament has passed an Act for the management of tho public lauds which a few short months of experienco will provo to bo more fruitful of abuse, moro destructive of revenue, and more obstructive of settlement than tho old law, with all its admitted defects.'. But thero aro others who aro saying things less publicly yot moro likely to conio true. I havo already reminded you that about four- fifths of the officers now in tho Department of Lands are located in Sydney. The now Land Act has fallen like a bomb shell amongst them. They uro all thero told in general terms to hold themselves ready to depart for tho country. It is a really Berious thing for some of them, but as for a good many, it may be about the best thing that can betido them. It will bo a mercy in the guise of a punishment. They will suffer more in the way of losing amusements than anything else. Good schools can be had or can be created in most places to which they are likely to be sent, and the air puro and free may add years to their lives. As to the old Knight, he says that he has no intention' of going back to Parliament. You see he is now an old man, and it may bo a year or two before tho party in power will bo out again. Sir Henry will be so much older; and if tho State be now as corrupt as ho says it is, by that time it will be worse, and who' thon will bo able to cleanse such an Augean stable ? I am sure the old mun means wlmt he says, and that having got some con genial employment he is not unwilling to retire. He is less forceful than he used to be, if not less ambitious. Whilst unwilling to re-enter the Assembly, he might not bo to enter the council ; and eventually, when it can be done discreetly and in order, he may find rest for tho sole of his foot in what is called tho ' Upper House.' I did not lose any money over the ' Cup ;' had none to lose; did not oven go to Melbourne to seo the race. Some of my neighbours did, and it seemododdthat they should. Their know ledgo of horseflesh about equals the religion of horses, and if they ventured to bet it must have boon done by proxy, and then where was tho pleasure ? It struck mo during the days of tho carnival that a good deal of the excitement here was in the notice which the Press gave to uiu unaii, lur um uuut oi laia mjuuraiuuu iuuu jobbing community went its various and devious ways as usual. We have commenced to sell wool at New castle. From old time, Sydney has been tho only great mart and port of tho colony. She has come to think that she has vested rights in this respect, and almost to resent any com petitor ; but she must abido her fate, and one factor in that fate will be a smart competitive port on her north, at Nowcastle. You now seo the significance of the contention recently waged over tho Mudgeo- Walgett railway. It is wanted for Narribri and Walgett, that would have its terminus at Newcastle. This first sale of wool at ' Coalopolis' was meant, I have no doubt, to accentuate the northern aspect of this controversy. For after all, in itself, tho salo docs not amount to a great deal. The point is tliat a begiuuing has been made, and no nvm knoweth v.-horeunto this will go on. Another successful trial of two admirable little water augers luis just been made in Sydney. .Tho Wright and Edward's auger is one, and Bullock's ' Little Champion' is the other. Both uro comparatively small, cheap, nnrt effective. There is sumo talk of adding the Abyssinian auger. This is a small instru ment, but largo enough to mako certain tests with, and also where water is tapped to obtain h supply to cany on tho work of a larger drill. These machines have been specially examined by Mr. Henderson, superintendent of drills, and some improvements havo been made at his suggestion. ..One of them goes to Bingera, and the other to Wjlcaimia. Engineers, like doctors, are differing not a little over a question of hydrostatics. One says that the height of a column of water thrown up from an artesian well is determined by tho height of its outlet, and not by. that of its supply. He appeal's to be right in saying that it is not determined by the latter, and wrong in saying thut tho outlet has anything to do with it. Experience has taught, if science has not, that the height of a column of water thrown up is determined by the amount of pressure upon tho water underneath. At cer tain shallow dopths, tho water may rise only just above the surface of tho ground. At greater depths, the column may bo 20 feet high, and even higher. As a matter of fact these differences of results have been noted in the experiments made by Mr. Henderson, and many others. So that in boring for water it is not necessary to ask the height of the water shed, but what amount of pressure is upon tho water beneath. Very confidently we may look forward to a complete examination of the entire country where artesian wells are likely to be needed. At present thoy have been formed in parts of the driest country now occupied; and on the score of a small local rainfall wo have nothing to fear. Tho initial difficulties of testing for water may he said to be past, and for the future results are more certain. The State Children's Relief Department is opening its shoulders. Its numbers now are 840, but tho board havo framed estimates for 1,400 next year. This is another way of saying tliut there are so many children needing foster homes. Tho thought is not a pleasant one. How they aro produced may bj learned from two notes in the report of the last monthly meeting. A mother died a few days after the birth of her baby, leaving threo children. The father, a well- connected man, ran away. Ho has since been sont to gaol, and his children are in charge of the bourd. The parents of a family of six died in tho same week. Tho children had to bo taken charge of by the State, and have been sent to Randwick '.to be made wholesome before thoy can bo boarded out.' It is not said whether or not this is one of tho families kept together by Benevolent Asylum outdoor relief. But numerous as these waifs are, there are, so the president says, foster homes to bo found; and an officer of a similar institution in Victoria states that good foster homes for chronic invalids can bo had at special rates. This country offers admirable facilities for the boarding out of special cases. Nor can any complaint fairly bo made of the cost per hoad. The sum is X, IS, a very much smaller amount obviously than is necessary when largo buildings have to bo erected and munaged. The idea of giving girlB a brief training in domestic life at thePadiling ton Homo is admirable. Housekeepers who suffer from the clumsy ignorunco of girls who liavo never had any training, will feelingly approvo of this step. And, what is moro, theso poor children may gladly tako to a life of domestic service, whioh is a thousand times more becoming than the homo idleness which some young modern damsels affect, and many degrocB moro so than tho unrestrainod, unhealthy work room life so much sought after. Tho hopo is that this institution will not grow by that which it feeds upon. A gathering of Crimean voterans has boon held. I fancy it was larger than usual. There is good hopo that this admirable custom of unnuallv or occasionallv ciilliuir thoso veterans together will last longer than similar meeting* of Waterloo voterans did. I cannot tell you how many thousand survivors of tho ' noble six hundred' there ure, but there must bo a good many. Thoy do turn up almost every where. Thero used to bo one about hero who hid risen to bo a lamp oleaner and then a rail way gatekeeper. I fear ho has since become a 'sandwich mun.' Theso veterans toasted tho ' Army and Navy,' and ' Old England,' and drank to tho memory of their deud com rades; and they hoped, of courso with in, oreamug numbers, to meet again. Wo shall almo.it at once begin to boro to ascertain tho quality of tho ground to be pierced by tho tunnel for tho oity railwav. I know well what some of tho ground is liko across Hydo Park. A g.iml dc;il of stuff will bo found whioh was placed thero in response to the direction that 'rubbish may bo shot hero.' There aro the remains of somo of our early colonists at the cxtrcmo western end of this now extension. Thoir shades will bo much distressed on observing their former shells, now only bonos and dust, if that indeed, so ruthlessly disturbed. But it is iucvitablo; tho march of events demand that tho dead shall not stand in the way of tho living. Ministers mean work, and they will not leave the ghost of u chanco for next Parliament to reverse tho decision of the last. All in good timo, therefore, it will be possiblo for iv travoller to tnko train nt your central station, to pass your bonier, to cross our New England ranges, to run through our ' black' country, and finally alight at tho top of King street in Sydney. i'hero have boon several ugly suicides of late. What possesses peoplo to cut their throats, or stupefy themselves with drags, I cannot guess. Thero is no romance in suicide. Folk that way inclined gonorally take most cowardly methods of putting themselves out of tho world. And the reasons for it are as absurd as the method. A man has somo trouble about his property, and ho doses himself with laudanum ; another man loses a situation as a sort of man of all work, it preys upon his mind, and ho cuts his throat. I suppose thero is a Btibtlo psychical law at work in all thoso dissimilar cases. In this last instance the man had been a soldier, so that a fellow with courage enough to risk having his head taken off with a broadsword, eventually cuts his windpipo with a razor. A man found dead at a public-house, hud been put in what amongst tho initiated is called the 'booby' room. This was explained to be a room set apart for persons too drunk to be sent into tho streets. Another man died suddenly after drinking several glasses of ale, each at one breath. Ho was found to have a ' drunkard's liver,' and the doctor said he died of congestion of tho lungs and brain. Now, here is what the coroner said: — 'There was no evidence to show that tho drink that deceased took on the occusion caused his death. Ho was of intemperate habits. The medical evidence proved that death re sulted from congestion of the lungs and bruin. If the deceased did drink four of those glasses they would only make a quart, as they were 10 oz. glasses, and it takes 40 ounces to the quart. Taking them at tho extreme, they would not hold more, and somo men could drink two or threo quarts, or even a gallon, of beer without injury. The deceased was suffering from congestion of tho lungs and brain; his liver was two or three times larger than usual ; he had what is known a3 a drunkard's liver. As regards the public, ho (the coroner) might say that it was no offence to give a man as much drink as ho could take ; but if Mr. Weeden had a child of ten years instead of tho deceased, and forced the liquor down his throat, that would bo quite a different matter ; but there was no evidence in this case to show that the liquor taken on that occasion by Quinton hud anything to do with his death, all he had taken being a quart of beer. Ho would observe, in conclusion, that all the witnesses contradicted each other.' Tho jury, after 10 minutes' deliberation, found that deceased (David Quinton) died from congestion of the lungs and brain, accelerated by intemperance. It was thought at the first that this would certainly bo contradicted, but it has not been, and so the inference is that it really was said. The jury added a rider about the houso. . when speaking at Waverley tho other day Archbishop Moran said; — 'And as far as Catholics were concerned, it was a good thing to have these masters in charge of tho schools, especially in some country districts, where it became a matter of necessity to Catholio citizens to attend public schools, having no school of of their own near at hand. Theso men were never known to interfere in the way of pro selytism, and it was evident thoy could bo trusted. He himself did not know of a single instance in which a Catholic teacher had attempted to interfere with tho religious opinions of Protestant children under his care ; while, on tho other hand, he had heard n thousand times of the efforts of Protestants to destroy the faith in Catholic children.' Hereupon tho Minister of Public Instruction wrote to the Archbishop, nskinghim tof umishthe nnuie.sanil particulars of as many of tho cases referred to us ho could supply, so thnt immediate inquiry might be made with a view to a stop being put to such highly irregular practices if found to exist. The following is Dr. Moran's answer : — 'Honourable Sir, — In reply to your favour of yesterday, I beg to state that when I rof erred at Waverley to the attempts of Protestants to destroy the faith of Catholic children. I did not speak in particular of New South Wales, but rather of tho result of my past experience. I have had somo few complaints since my arrival in Sydney, especially regarding the Ophthalmic Hospital at Moorcliff and the Institution for tho Deaf and Dumb imd Blind, Nowtown road, but I havo not had leisure to inquire into tho accuracy of the statements made to me. I thank you for permitting ? mo to bring such complaints under your notice, and I will avail myself of this permission should occasion so require. In the meantimo, I remain, &e.;, Patrick F. Moran, Archbishop of Sydney.' Mr. Trickett further states that ho firmly bo lioves that no such practice as is fbforr'ed to by the urchbishop exists in the public school service of the colony. Neither of the institu tions named by Archbishop Moran is in any way under the control of the Department of Public Instruction. . 