NO EXCHANGE OF PULPITS. (From the Melbourne Leader.) I Bishop Moorhouse has received a com munication from England, informing him that he is not warranted in authorising 'any minister or member of any denomina tion other than the Church of England to preach in any church or chapel of the said Church of England.' The persons who condemned Dr. Bromby for lending his pulpit to Mr. Charles Strong are therefore justified ; and it is ruled that no Presby terian, Lutheran, Wesleyan, Independent, or BaDtist can be allmrpd fsi nrpn^li ftjvl'R word from an Anglican pulpit. It is easy to understand why this has been the law of the Church of England. That church is a political church, subject to the State and to lay tribunals, and its discipline crystallised at a time when all dissenters were looked upon as rebels to royal authority. Then, again, the High Church party believes in what is known as Apos tolic Succession, and thinks that a clergy man, to be qualified for bis work, must have received the Holy Ghost, by trans mission of hands, from the Apostles. Accordingly the Anglican bishops have shown themselves now and again very tolerant of outsiders, who had been ordained by Catholic or Moravian or Greek Bishops. It is the pretension of one congregation or church to appoint its minister that is the ineradicable offence in Presbyterianism. It would be very ridiculous, if it were not sad, to see these distinctions kept up in the present day in a community like our own, where there is no State church. Surely the Church of England in these colonies ought to emancipate itself from a purely arbitrary rule, which its founders adopted under very peculiar and different circumstances. Of course, if there is unrestricted liberty, a Bishop will nowjand again be called upon to do an unpopular and distasteful thing by refusing his license where it is proposed to lend the pulpit to a religious firebrand, or to an advanced freethinker. The slight embarrassment this would cause, however, is as nothing compared to the advantages of a federal union between the great Christian churches, with free interchange of the best thoughts and the most burning Remabkable Bridges. — The entire lengthjof the great cantilever bridge over the Niagara, which has just been completed, is 910 feet, the distance between the towers being 470 feet. It is 239 feet high from the water to base of rail. Most of the material is steel. The bridge has been tested in the presence of 10,000 spectators. The test consisted in the running of twenty heavy locomotives and twenty-three cars laden with gravel upon the bridge, the entire series halting at every hundred feet, while the engineers made observations. The total load amounted to 1,900 tons. The bridge bore the trial well. It is a slender, graceful structure, erected at a cost of 750,000 dols. There has also just been completed a massive stone brdge over theMississippi River at Minneapolis. The length of the structure is 2,100 feet. It crosses the river with twenty-three arches and sixteen spans of 80 feet each, the width being 28 feet. The cost of the bridge, which has been erected by the St. Paul, Minneapolis, and Manitoba Railway Company, is stated to be 990,000 dols. 