Sr:i a_. ft i? Movellst. vafcBIHE HIGHLAND GIRL'S CAP- Li?nwrr. among austiulian ?; BLACKS. ?? Swat OK TUB AT;strai,HS TIO-skrhs. ?. CHAPTER XVril. Mr ? cms wo -run hr*TiKANv.i:n??. I J I By ANGUS McLEAN. irrnou ok jiaruy ui.oomi u>i<d. 1iiu£ MrAUT tcok up ft largo block of fine , which he stoeUl an 1 formed into b ton, a?sr jvhish lio n-ont back to Sydney Sapsoictl by r>onr.]d, in the expectation iiiingmth Mia, whom Mr. MoKay in id mm by letter was on her way out n? daily expected. On hia arrival he ? cs 7' ami alarmed, the nctJiaving arrived, although consider ed aa. Ibe interval Donald and Marv woro M, sod as Charlie could not ivait any he was compelled to roturn to his Masinff with him Donixld aa tajr.as housekeeper. Mr. .MaKay pro o scnct word by speoial mosscnaor as w the fihip arrived, but that, happy ncTcr occurred ; for yoar9 passed away 'A n : v "f" concerning tlio missing ? r-u .. a!l with intense tnariio was thus onco more plunged riei, ana this timo apparently without i? P l,? cn j?? ln B ">o slightest hap '?i:? . himself for encouraging inn? y ?t V C m for I,is nico0 ' ft nd tho look all the hlnrno apon his own shonl hioh preyen npon his mind, and alii \- brought him to his grave. L;?? W . l i rs 'i Jlnuro ) eharf d 'he uni imlfi t of * lcr y?" n K mistress, mod her first born alter her. r '? a , to s >' tln ?y. Charlie be juainted with a very respectable and ' fenny, named Forbes, tho head of i a brother to tho Advocate of Edin and one of tho earliest and wealthieat train the colony. Tho eldest of tho i a yoinrg possessing many ftttrjic- If" 1 ? n S a S C| J 'o a gentleman by tho KtM of Melville, who had lately arrived; he gi) possessed of considerable' wealth, and pis searching for station?, and on his return jpnaimgo was to be celebrated. i.lms Mr. Melville (whom Charlie had not pujE! seen) was also an acquaintance of the sciks in Edinburgh, but Charlio could not jjwiicct that name among tho visitors at tho jwrostes house, ho therefore supposed that |S# scquaiutanccship was formed after lio |'-AboQtthis time, aomo of Iho inland districts ma infested with a band of bushrangers, Ww? the leadership of a fearful doaperado, jiaora as Captain Mclrose, whoso dopreda fm oatrivalled those of any gang in tho iBMU of colonial history. Sot a week, or Wwlf a day, passed without bringing some |nen intelligence of outrages ootniuitted by h Alarge reward was offered by government I ?t Ineur apprehension, but without effeet.and iWaadacity and coolness with which their ??t carried on hia practices completely ?aj)Md all previous acts of bushranging. naturally of a captivating manner, nnd poaeesed of great personal attractions, ho juvartably succeeded in ingratiating himself a the estimation of unsuspecting and res fpeciawoi society, representing himaclf as a ??n of fortune in search of stations. in this disguise ho became posseted of in wrmation regarding parties carrying cash !,ar.a other valuables, and in nomo inat/inces . ? ero valuable property had bean depositod ?ior security, which was soon pounced upon, S a> fie had hie followers always on tho alert. ??.?i . a wero ?onstautly robbed, banks t'7. fl ?' fs 3ansacked, prisoners wero libe t?. i '". ftct, aeomed completely rstaljMd by the accounts whioh day nfter ; : ?ay appeared. Charlie, with his overMCr Donald, had boon 'Pen imainoss to Sydney, and on their return , u , rn f.y Passed through a township which ,J? ! ho P'evioua night been visited by the ?, or,^ e Captain Sfelraso and his band, u ?to the following circumstances :— J ~7.? "V More was tho annual race day in ?' l "'?wn, when all the people in the eur wintung country mot. Among others there ~Z ? ~, n e? Sentleman, who put up at the nncipal hotel; he visited tho racecourse, and .?.?.,;.„? e . n !5 a G'ng manner and apparently at .? "nent ciroumatances, had attracted tho notice "hnV i amone ,vhom woro t,IG stewards, I lmll ? a u- e i um a mo6t oonlial invitation to tho "V , whl , c . h took place tho oveninpt foltowing. i tri f t cc ?, td "|R t0 oustom the MK of the ilia- Mi, i ?? dod tho ball > ft ? (l l "? stranger, who I? tllo , confidence of nil present by hia I ? Moiiemauly behaviour, became a great favo- I' (?ii he p' !!ht bcin S wnrm nrul tll ? roolu rather |, tioae. Captain Melroso sought tho cool air J v ?.."' ? no o'clock in the morning. Aftor 3 l " n S absent for a short timo, he returned, to b " oc ?netcrnationof all prosont, and was fol i Z i 7 f, bftnd of arinet{ mcn ; bo then com ) 'u dt? , d ev ?i'ono present to bail up on one * „' ? of th ? rortn) . ?'? men presenting their i ]ms at tho time ft. thorn, lie then ad- I lT, em> Ba J">K:--"liadics and gentlo r „,,,,' l am tni 'y sorry to interrupt your f u >emont for a uhort timo in such a man ? .„„, a ' 3o iot treating your kindness to = ZVTn"? ,' n auoh an ungallant way, but you ' lu . ? k thnt C?Pt?in Melrose could not '--fltin , B . ueh " di3 P ln y o£ jewellery aud , o.'ner valuables while he ana hia brave band were in need ; I havo thorotoro respectfully to command that each and every individual present will at onco hand over bis or her valuables to my lieutenant, Mr. Williams, nnd to do so without any hesitation or mur murmur, or I shall bo compelled to adopt more unplctteant nicnourca." Tho very namo, "Captain Melrose," filled! thn andienoo with terror. Ladies unhosi latingly banded over their ornaments, and gentlemen gave up their wealth. Having obtained possession of atl that was valuable to thorn, tho patty then helped themselves to tho refreshments on tho eido table, and then took their leave, tho leader taking a polite I fttrowell o( the anaombly, and wishing that they might continue their onjoyrnont as no more interruption would take placo from him or his party. It was on this morning of exoitment that Gharlio and his overseer arrived at the scone of the outrage, and heard with indignation tho unequalled effrontery anl unfeeling con dnct of the notorious Molrose and hie gang. Many oi tho ladies wore still suffering from tho tright they recoivod. A local paper gavo ?ft full account of the robbery, and a list and description of tho articles* stolen, with re wards offered for each; messengers wero dispatched to tho various polico stations, anil a nnmber of volunteers enrolled thcmeolvca for tho pursuit of the gang. Charlie and Donald rosolved upon search ing carofally on their way for tho perpetra tors. After leaving the township they obtained some clue as to where the baqd separated, evidently to bafllo pursuers; they fcand that two oi the party had taken tho very road that Charlie and Donald had to go, and a rapid pursuit was instantly com menced. After riding for a considerable distance on tho tracks of tho bushrangers, they arrived at cross roads, when thoy heard cries of distress proeceding from tho buHh. Riding rapidly in tho direction of the cries, they found n lady and gentleman tied to separate trews. Tho nnfortunato victims wore a squatter named Ramsey and hie wife, who had boon riding in their carriage, when they wero met by two vrell-mennteil biish- Tangers, who robbed them of their money, tied them as described, and drove off in their carriage. On being liberated, Mr. Bamsoy begged of his liberators to follow them at once, while bo and his wifo would walk to tho neatest polico station, find lodge tho information. This advice was instantly adopted, Charlin and Munro renewing <ho pursuit, but this time with moro ease and rapidity, as the wheel tracks wero quite visible despite tho tactics employed by the driver in keeping the hardest part of the road in order to leave no trncoe behind. However, nothing could bailie the eager pursuers, who traced them to a small village, where the traffic obliterated tho impression of tho whoele. On enquiring at different places, the only carriage that had been seen was ono whioh conveyed the clergyman to Mr. Forbes' station on some preening business. This somewhat puzzled Charlio, aa he did not think a poor clergy man was a likely subject for a bushranger. While considering what conr/?o ho should pursue, Donald eamo in hurriedly, telling him that ho had discovered tho tracks, and which evidently led to Mr. Forbes'. As Charlie intended calling on Mr. Forbes, thoy started forthwith, and on their arrival they saw a carriage in front of tho houso. Donald led tho homes to tho stable, while Charlie entered tho house, where Mr. Forbes met him very cheerfully, and introduced him to tho clergyman, being tho only person in tho room besides thomeelves. Mr. Forbes then said—" I am extremely glad to eec you, Mr. Stuart, and you have arrived just in time to share onr happiness. Yon aro already awars that my eldcstdaughter hag been for some time engaged to Mr. Melvillo, whom, I believe, you havo not fieen, as ho hae been travelling in quest of stations. Ho has arrived, hut did not succeed in finding anything to suit him, and is resolved upon, proceeding at once to Port Phillip. Ho has Bent on a largo number of sheep and cattlo, and came a few minutes ago, accompanied by our own worthy pastor, for the purpose of celebrating the marriage at once, and will start off immediately after with hi3 bride. Indeed, tho proposition at first took us all by surprise, and I did not like the idea of parting with my daughter at so 6hort a notice, but, as the young couple were un willing to delay, I was forced to yiold. I may also add that Mr. Melviiio proves him.-olf worthy of. my daughter, and u very eligible match in every respect, if we may judge by tho valuable presents ho has made to overy member of my family. You may hear the applause and noiso in tho next room, which is oaused solely by his bounty." The last remark was correct, for each mem ber of the family name rushing into the room, exhibiting liia or her rich and glittering teasuro. Tho dinner was now ready, after which tho ceremony was to tako place, and each one took his seat at tho table. The last that had entered tho room waa tho bridegroom, leading his intended bride. Mr. Forbes instantly stepped forward, and introduced his futuro son-in-law to Mr. Stuart, but great surprise was experienced by tho whole family at tho two gentlemen as they approached eaoh other suddenly stop ping, when both turned deadly pale, were un ablo to give utterance to a Hinclo syllable, and stared sternly in each other's face. Tho bridegroom waa tho first to recover himself i then, bowing stiffly, he took his scat beside Miss Forbes at the table. Charlio took his place immediately opposite, when all tho spectators, particularly tho host, con cluded that Charlie Stuart, by hia singular conduct, had, at one time, been a rival of Mr. Melville. During dinner Mr. Forbes, in tho courso of conversation, inquired of Charlio aa to what was the principal news down tho country, when tho latter gavo somo account of tho daring ontragea of the bushrangers, handing a copy of tho newspaper containing an account of tho Ktlcking-np case at tho Haco Ball. Tho host read aloud tho article in question, which contained a full account of Captain Melrose'a atrocities. The bride, who naturally felt for tho unfeolingoondnot, turned her face towards her lovor, and exclaimed, " Did you ever hoar oC such an unfeeling monster ? " Melrose, who sat with his head bent f&r; ward, made no reply, but turned paic, and scowled with unnatural ferocity not peculiar to him, which sent a thrill of terror through her frame. Mr. Forbes now came to that portion which contained a description of tho articles stolen, when the description of ono remark able and costly pair of bracelets attraoted the brido's attention ; she unconsoiously dropped her oyes on thoao she waa wearing, aud which had boon presented to her by her lover only a short time before, and which exactly corres ponded with tho description her father read. A strange feeling seized her, and upon raising her eyos to Charlie, she uaw him staring with oyes full of indignation and dia trust at her scowling lover ; springing to her feet ahe mado an attompt to approaoh tho open French window, but in passing round her father's chair, she fell with a scream in senaiblo on tho tloor. Charlie who v.'as tho quickest (lew her assistance, raised her, and, in entrusting' her to tho care and attention of her father, said, " 'i'rtko your much-injured daughter ; your would-be Hon-in-law is no other than Captain Molrose tho Bushranger," then rushed from the apartment after him, he having niadehis osenpo amid the contusion. On coming out of tho houso, Charlio mot Munro with the hor?uM ready, who, on acoing his master, underatood iho cauan of his haate, and exolaimed, " Thoro they go," pointing at the sumo time to the two horsomen in full gallop making towards iho forest. _ Lot Uβ mount and aft?r them, replied Charlie, when both vaulted in their saddles, nnd driving their spurs into their horses' sides, flew after tho fugitives .'.?.. CHAPTER XIX. TUB CAPTDIJE. It often occurred to Charlie, as well aa Donald, that Captain Melrose of busbrangingnotoriety, w.19 identical with Melrose of Edinburgh and London repute, but it never occurred to them that Williams, his lieutenant, was Donald's accuser, and who was the cauao of his trans portation. Donald'B recognition of him was instanta neous, notwithstanding William's altered ap pearance; for, on going to the stable with the hones, ho hoard Williams conversing with the groom, and saw the haste he was in in preparing tho horses for a start as soon as tho marriage ceremony was over; ho therefore conoluded that all was not right, and without making himself known, watched V.'illiams' movements, and on tho same plea of hurry to start, had his horse." ready also. Williams, who was on the alert, cviitontly expecting tho pursuit, never went within doors, but watched every direction, leading the horses about, while tho carriage was being got ready. On Donald leading his horses from tho stalile ready saddled, ho saw Meliovc rush from tho house; oncoming up to Williams, ho said, " Mount and bo off, wa aro sold," when both stxrted off at full sp?ed ; but their former bush tactics wero of n;> .wail to them this time, for notwithstanding their twisting and turning, clearing logs and creeks, they could not shake off tboir intrepid pursuers. Tho chaso now became exciting in tho ex treme, oach bowman was employing all his skill, and was straining his horse to its ut most speed, but it soon became evident that the bushrangers wore overmatched, as their pursuers were gaining upon them evory mo ment, when coming upon some open ground, Melroso wheeled round, exclaiming with a fearful oath—" We'll fight them, Williams, there are only two against two;" ho then tred at Charlie, who was nearest to him, the I ball penetrating Charlie's hat. Before ho had time to draw his second pis j tol, Charlie shot his horse through the heart, wishing to take Molroso alivo, who, on coming to earth with his horse, got entrapped, having one leg fast under the carcase, Charlie sprang from his saddle to disarm him, but on approaching him, received the other oharge in the left side, which made him stagger, but tho ball fortunately Rlanccrl off hia powder flask, which he carried in the breast pocket of his coat. " Shoot mc, you villain, you have a charmed life," roared the disappointed bushranger ; but his captor re fused the demand, and scourod him on tho spot. The combat between tho other two did not last so long, for on exchanging shots, Wil liams fell wounded, and became an easy cap tive to his active antagonist. A party of troopers who were scouring the neighborhood, through tho information of Mr. Ramsey, were a! traded by tho firing, nnd ruado for the spot, when the bushrangers were handed over to their charge. On Charlie's return to Mr. Forbes', a scene presented itself which was heartrending to be hold. Miss Forbes, who a short time before was in thu height of happiness, was now the picture of despair as she lay upon her couch. The family, who had boon congratulating her so recently, wero now bewailing her approach | ing end in the noontide of her youth and beauty, and heaping execrations on tho head lof the destroyer of their peace. Tho clergy man, who had come to solemnise her mar riage, was now engaged in administering to her dying moments. On" seeing Charlio return, she feebly beckoned to him; when he approached her, she whispered in his ear," You have not taken taken his life?" Charlie told her that ho had not, but that ho had secured him. She then replied—" Thanks, I shall now die happy. I feared that you, above all others, should stain your hands with his blood, since you wero the saviour of our family from disgrace; but, alas 1 you were unable to save my lite, which is as well, I hope. Farewell, may your life be longer and happier thau mine." " She then called around lier tho weeping family, and after an atrecting adieu, breathed her last. Tho excitement manifested on the appre hension and trial of tho bushrangers had never been equalled in the colony. Crowds of spectators Hooked from all parts to cheer and congratulate the brave captors and their deliverers from such a scourge, whilo execra tions wero heaped on the heads of the merci less malefactors. Tho court was crowded to suffocation, whilo a largo number who could not obtain admission, awaited with great anxiety the issuo of the trial. A number of witnesses from all parts appeared to identify the pri soners, and to connoot them with the soveral robberies committed by tho band; but the extraordinary skill exhibited by Melroso in cross-examining the witnesses threatened to defeat tho cuds of justice, were it not for Charlio Stuart's knowledgo of his previous character. Tho appeal whioh Melrose mado to the jury in dofondlng his own case, had never been equalled for forensio cloquenoe in a colonial court of justice. The effect of this was, that many who had hailed his approach ing doom woro now moved to pity him. Tho judge, however, partly dispelled the effects of this extraordinary oration, by tolling tho jury that thoir duty was simple justice, and that they wore not to be influenced by tho talent displayed by the prisoner, which, instead of improving his case, would only aggravate it, if thoy considered that the charges brought against him were proved. Tho jury at once found both guilty, and senteneo of death was passed upon them, on hearing which, Melroso exclaimed—" The gallows is not erected, neither is tho rope manufactured which will hang mo." This was, indeed, true, for the next morn ing ho was found dead in his cell, having strangled himself with his neoktie. The following was found, writton upon the wall of tho coll: —" Charlie Stuart, nor any other person, shall have tho satisfaction of seeing mc swing. They will find mc with a smile of Contempt upon my lips. The fates have been against mc, being twice crossed in lovo by my conqueror. After being deprived of one, I never thought that he would pre sent himself and prove a stumbling-block in my way of gaining the second, whom I truly loved, but who is now, through mc, no more." CHAPTER XX. CIIAULIIi DISCOVERS NKW COUNTRY. Tho affecting and trying incidents which had followed each othor, in such rapid suc cession during tho last few years, wero bulU oient to ovorsvhelm oven a stronger mind than Charlie's, and they had such an in fluence on him that the monotonous bush life he now followed was insufficient to eradi cate its effeots. Tho Prst of these reverses was the unavoid , able desertion of his country, leaving all that ' was near and dear to him behind; then came t his shipwreck, and tho singular manner in i whioh he was saved ; then 'followed tho loss i of the noble-hearted Pamul, with the mourn ful oauoo of her death ; then Melroso's strange i and terrible fate, added to his troubled mind, find kept open the wounds which tha loss oi Bulla hnil caused. Thi.? fast terrible blow came, too, at the very moment when his whole mind was filled with joy at the hope of every moment expecting to hoar of her arrivnl, whf n his happiness would bo complete. In order to bear up under these Jiopeles? reminiscenced, and to banish thorn from his mind, he resolved upon putting into execution a project which had for soma time occupied his attention. This long-chotiahed idea was no less than to attempt to explore some parts ot the yet unknown interior of Australia. The discovery of Australia Folix. and the many exploits of Sir Thomas Mitchell,' had enkindled within him-' this idea. Appointing a manager for hia station, he. l attended only by Donald, started to the most inland station, which was at the toot of the Australian Alps, resolving, if possiblo, to crosa i that hitherto imponotrable barrier, beini; j under the impression that soma good country lay between thorn and the coast. On arriving at the station hn heard from the aborigines that some fine plains and rivers wore beyond the mountains, stretching out towards the ocean; but ns no great reliance could bo placed on tho accounts given by na tives, no one as yet had undertaken tho journey. Charlie could find but one among the whole tribo in whom ho could trust for guidance aero? 3. This wns a strong end in telligent fellow named Quandalt, and who, ac cording to hia own report, had once been on a warlike expedition against the Warrigal tribe, as ho called the natives of that dis trict. As tho raoantfiins which they had to cross were inaccessible for a heavily equipped party, Charlio resolved upon proceeding, accom panied only by Donald and Quandak, taking pack-horses to carry a supply of provisions. After a great deal o> fatigue and hardship, thu passage across was successfully accom plished. On crossing the last of the eminences, a sight burst upon their view which repaid them for all the difficulty they had endured. Underneath them, and stretching out towards tho ?ea as far as tho eye, aided by the glass, could rench, lay boautifu'. plains fringed with strips of forest, intersected by rivers rising in the Alps and discharging themselves into the lake 3 near the sor.. Tho chErming ?cane reminded them of their native land, and filled thorn with such pleasant thoughts aa they had not experienced since they left home. The remainder of the journey was passed with light-heartedne:'s and ppped, as they travelled over extensive meadows never before seen by European.*. In their rambles they suddenly caivio upon a small encampment of natives, who manifested great (surprise at their appearance. A number of them gath ered around Charlie, feeling him and hid horso; but on .seeing them dismount thoy rushed off in great terror, leaving all their effects behind thorn. The small supply of provisions thoy had taken would not allow them to remain long ; thoy therefore made a hasty return to the nettled districts, highly gratified with their explorations. On his return, Charlio disposed of his sta tion and started oil again to tho new country, taking with him Mary, several other servants, and all requisites to form a settlement. He led the expedition himself, leaving Donald to follow with tho stock. Being tho middle of summer tha cattle wero taken safely across the mountains, and the party took possession of tha best part of too plains and water courses. Unable to procure bark for covering in the buildings until the wet season set in, they erected a building, which, although unroofed, would servo as a stookado or protection from tho attacks of the natives, should they show any hostile disposition. Ono evening, after coming home, and while hobbling their horses, a doctor, who accom panied the. expedition, strolled a little dis tance from tho stockade. Doing unarmed, the natives, who woro in the vicinity, took advantage of his unprotected state and en deavored to seize him. He fortunately, how over, perceived thorn iv time, and testing his legs to the utmost of their power, arrived at the stockade and reported tho case. The party, on seeing the intended attack ot the natives, took .shelter within the building, barring tho entrance, and then discovered that tho affrighted medico had ensconsed himself underneath a pile of bed clothes. The disappointed besiegers, who now sur rounded tho placo in force, wero at a loss to know how to attack it, seeing no aperture through which thoy could drive their spears. However, their leader soon devised a plan which threatened destruction to all within the place, as thoy could not firo upon their antagonists. Tho plan which tho besiegers adopted was to throw their spears into the air; this they did with such exactness that they fell inside tho building, and but for tho activity of tho besieged, thoir destruction would have boon complete. Charlie, annoyed at not being able to re taliate, after a careful search found a small aperturo between two slabs, in which ha managed to plsco the muzzle of his rifle, and on taking aim, behold tho very object ho wanted. This was tho leader of tho party, who was encouraging his men with a joyful countenance. Awara that the fall of their leader would disperse tho onomy, Charlie fired, and, as ho expected, brought him to earth, which produced tho deeired effect. An amusing incident took placo on Charlio and his party leaving the stockado. An Hibernian, who tilled the office of cook, and who was known by tho naino of " Doughboy," soomeil more curious in his examination of tho dead body, exclaimed in true Irish brogue : —" By the hole in my ooat masther, but it's a mighty polite or decateful rifle that of yours ; instead of sending tho ball bouldly in tho face of the black, bo dad it sent it round his head, and popped in at hia polo." This remark tho party foundon examination to.havo some foundation, for tho only wound to be found was in his poll, although they knew tho savago was facing them when shot. This mystery was soon solved, for they found tho ball had entered his mouth. Nothing of any importance happened to Donald while travelling up with the stock save one, and which we will hero relate, as it ! gave an opportunity for him to gratify his propensity of playing tricks. Ono evening, just ns tho party had com pleted arrangements for their encampment, they saw something which was a novelty in the bush; it wns a rider dressed in black, with a regular English hat (a bell- topper) on, mounted on a black horse, and making towards the encampment. On drawing Donald at onco identified him as tho man who officiated us clergyman on the stations, and was well known by tho name of Parson Croakor, but who had been expelled from holy orders on account of his cecentria and unchristian peculiarities, and who was now on his way to Tort Phillip in order to im prove his oiroumstances. Donald, who had already played aouio tricks upon tlio ex minister, was not recognised, nor did ho wi.-ih it, hcupitably recoived tho traveller, giving him shelter and accommodation, as s nb station or place uf refuge was near. At thu time o£ retiring for tho night, a dilliculty presented, itself to the parson whioh had been overlooked until the lust moment. This was how to secure his horso, being naturally of a restlews disposition and apt to break away, especially as there wero horses bolonging to tho party feeding about, ho was , nfrald "that they might entice him away and leave his master in tho bush. Thie.was, however, got over by a proposi tion made by Donald, and to which the parson agreed, which was to tho following effect: — that on lying down for the night before tho (ire, according to bush custom, tho parson wna to fasten tho end of his horse's tether round his own leg ; thon, should tho animal possess any inclination to stray, his owner would havo full and ample warning. In con formity with this suggestion, tho parson and Donald stretched themselves on the earth, placing thoir saddles under their heads, having their feet towards the large fire, which -was coj)3tantly replenished by tho man on I watch. Tho ex-ministnr faatensd his horse's tether to his leg, and considering that all was perfectly secure, was soon fast asleep. Hia long and weary ride, together with this being tho first time ho hsd slept on such a hard'bed, caused him tr> have fearful druams. Donald, who expected to have some amuse ment from hi 3 invention, never closed hie eyes, when at last the horses bslonging to them came round; on soeiDg them Uib stranger's horse made one bound towards them, dragging tho unfortunate parson through tho fire. Donald w?s somewhat alarmsil at the Bcone, and was unablo for a short time to arrest the nniinal or liberate his visitor, who, after all, got off with merely having his clothes and hair singed. The parson, took soma little time to be convinced that ho was etill in the land of the living. The task of forming tho new station, and of holding possession against the attacks of savngfis. now devolved upon Charlie, end many skirmishes took place between hia men and the aborigines, who appeared determined to drive tho white-fellows from their hunting ground. Every day fresh tracts of splendid country wore discovered, sod many places he took great pleasure in naming aftor favorite spots in his owu country. Mriny settler* followed in his track, aud took possession of the vast plains y.nd pas tures, whicb soon formed r. strong party to resist tho savages. Charlio had by this time built n pleasure boat, in which he made many excursions among tho lakes, accompanied by some of tho neighboring settlers and Donald. The first of these took place one beautifully calm day, when Donald, having his bagpipes with him, was desired by his mastei to play the old favorite pibroch, nn air which he had ab stained from playing ever since the loss of Bulla, lest it might awaken sad thoughts in the mind of Charlie. As the rowere measured their time with the thiillling strain, and as the boat glided lei surely round one of the picturesque islets, Charlie, who was seated at tho helm, became overwhelmed with mournful thoughts, which were awakened by the favorite pibroch, and tho surrounding scenery, which forcibly re minded him of happier days. In order to hide his grief from his com panions, ho turned round and directed hie gaze towards tho islet they were slowly passing. While his eyes were lixed on the islet, his thoughts carried him back to the scene at the Bridge of Linn, when he he hoard his lost Bella's endearing cppe;il on that memor able morning, calling to him—when, hark I the identical sound—" Charlie, dear, save mo," struck his ears above the strains of the music. With one bouud he sprung up, and rushing to the bows, pulled tho chanter from Donald's lips, mid with looks of strange wild ness, exclaimed, " Did you not hear her ?" Tho bewildered company, who concluded that he was under a delusion, asked for an explanation, when he replied, " I am certain it was her voice." One of the party now in formed them that ho saw a blaclifellow carry ing a female in his arms into the scrub on the island opposite, and that sho seemed to resist him by screntning out, which was pro bably what Charlie had heard, and, mixed with the sound of the music, took it lor the voice of soma acquaintance. Tho rest of the company coincided in this supposition, adding that if ho had beon thinking of some one at the timo, tho force of imagination would construe the voice of the Warrigal femulo into what ho fancied he hoard. This argument tranquilised his mind a little, still tho sound and the words, with the never- to-be-forgotten voice, was too real to be erased from his memory or mistaken, and nothing but the improbability of Bella being alive could allay or satisfy him mind, nor could he shako off the strange impression caused by tho occurrence. Another strango circumstance happened at this time, which enveloped him still deeper in the mystery by which ho was surrounded. One evening, while sitting in his room after the labors rf the day, Donald, who had been on his usual rounds among tho shepherds, entered breathless, with a countenance which bespoke terror and hesitation, when his master addressed him as follows:— " Well, Donald, everything all right among the shepherds? No moro attacks of the Warrigals, I hope ? Why, you look as though you had seen a ghost." " To toll the truth, sir," said Donald, " if it was not a ghost I aaw, I certainly saw some thing approaching it. But before I proceed any further, I wish to ask a question, whioh I trust you will answer." " Certainly, Donald, out with it," said Charlie. " Well, thon," continued Donald, " I wish to know whether you are (aa I have he?rd) a descendant of the Meoblo family ?" " Undoubtedly I am, Donald, I hope you have not seen tho CuGlas," replied Charlie. " I'm sorry to say that 1 think I havo," said Donald; " as I was riding ncross tho plain, just now, my horse began to prick up hia ears, and look behind him. It struck mo first that tho blacks wero after mc, but, on looking round, I caw a dog following mc. Thinking it was a dingo, I slackened my pace and drew my pistol to have a shot at him. He then came up to mc, when I beheld in the place of a syild dog a largo, grey stag hound, tho very pioture oi poor Bran you left at homo, stood before mo. Being positive that no such animal was to bo found in this colony, and according to tho description of tho On Glas, I instantly bethought myself that you wero a relation of tho Mooblo family, and that ho had followed you to xVustraliu. After snilling at mc for a few Roconds, ho gave a whine, and left mo." " A rather long journey ho must havo had, Donald. I thought you had left all your superstition on tho othor sido of the lino,' re plied Charlie, smiling at hia servant's tenacity to Highland superstition. As some of my readers may be ignorant of the meaning of tho Cv Glus, Mueobail or Meoble's grey dog, I would just say that an ancient impression existed among the High landers that a sort of follower,, or tuhiolt, wa3 connected with every old family, which, on certain special occasions, made itself visible—such as before a death, or any im portant event taking place, or occurring to a member or descendant of tho ftunily. Each family hud its own tuliich, in tho shape of uu animul; hunco tho Mooblo had its Cv Glut, or largo grey stughouud. Although Charlie did make light of Donald's Cv at tho timo; ho had in. a fow days proofs ofNits existence; \ \ A party of settlers had formed themselves for thu purpose of driving from tho neighbor hood a tribu of troublesome natives, who were, slaughtering tho cattlo, and harassing the shepherds. Alter scouring the surrounding woode without fulling in with the Warrigals, thoy, on their return, caiuu upon n herd of kangaroos, ainoug which was a whito ona— a i<reafc rarity in the colony—after which the whole party wit>i their dogs gave chase. The animal flew at a tremendous spaed to wards a steep-banked that interacted iho plains, near which stood a clump 61 ticrub; but, on his approaching it, a large | !?rey Htaghound aprung out, causing the kan- j garoo to face the creek, which he cleared at a hound. The strange dog followed his example, and iu a short time overtook his prey, which was despatched on the spot; t)ie dog then Vrotted olt towards the forest on the fippobits side of the plains. Tiie astonished equestrians and their out matched dogs, on coming to the creek, were obliged to pull up, uot being able to clear it. Cbarlie tituart, who was among the leading horsemen, gazed with astonishment at th-; dog, which none of the party knew, when Donald drew up to his master's side, and whispered in his ear, " I 'Suppose you will be lieve your own eyes, and me now." Charlie turned sharply round, iwd replied, " If Brau exists, that is him." "No!no !" added Donald, dubiously, " the Cu Glas, and no other." (To be Continued.) 