THE UNPOPULAR LORD LIEU* TENANT. Earl Spencer catering for a rustic cheer and not getting it, except from bailiffs, soldiers, and peelers (says the Irishman, September 13), is a_ spectacle for a Queen's representative. His Excellency has been doing Killarney, and the Earl of Konmare's dinners, with the assistance of countless gentleman in ' plain clothes.' The Eil larney trip was fruitless in huzzas ; no one in that region of mountain-dew beggars being poor enough to do him reverence. From the Lakes his Excellency took a run to Mill street, and there met with reminders that troubled the heart of Victoria's Viceroy. The black flags hung out to salute the Earl were calculated to make a deceat man angry. But worst of all were United Ireland's cartoons, which were posted against the walls. The ghost of Myles Joyce gave his Excellency a ghastly greeting. His peelers were despatched to deface the cartoons with oticka, such unseemly sights ao the spectre of the judicially murdered Joyce being too much for the eyes of a Lord Lientenant. In Millatreet, county Cork, his earlship got c dose which must have upset his stomach, but when ho was riding to Listowel his maddened eye, with frenzy rolling, was assailed with a black flag upon which wa«-i inscribed the wording-' Remember Pofl; and Barrett.' Those men were hanged for n. murder they did not commit. The Dublin Daily Express says : — ' The Lord Lieutenant visited Millstreet, sounty Cork, on Saturday. He was greeted - ,r ivith derisive cries and ' Three cheers for ; Parnell' at various points. Land League ., banners and mottoes were displayed. On Monday Earl Spencer visited Castle island and Listowel. Castleidand was reached first. Describing his journey from Eillarney to that place, the correspondent of the Cobs: Herald says : — ' Eari Spenser was to be seen today pass ing by almostunnoticed a place where in other other times and under circumstances he would be greeted with undissernbled and unbounded enthusiasm. As it was, not a symptom of interest was visible at his approach, and his march along was marked with the same icy . . reserve. Not the faintest show of respect, not the slightest desire to do him homage as . the highest man in the realm, was shown by the folks who live along the route he elected to travel. Here and there people turned to look at him and his glittering armour and prancing steeds, and then pursued their course with the most vexatious unconcern. The same paper, writing of Earl Spencer's entrance into Cas';leisland, says : — ? On the right as the town is entered, the' ruins of the ancient Castle of Desmond ia fast crumbling to decay, but its sudden appari tion in its bygone magnificence could hardly have amazed him move than the sudden ap pearance of a black flag bearing the words, ' Murder— Remember Poff and Barrett,' displayed from the first house he met by Mrs. .Poff, the widow of him who was exe cuted on the 23rd January, 1883, for the murder of James Brown at Scartaglin, the previous October. When the ominous oymbol floated in the breeze the crowd raised a sup pressed cheer and lapsed into passive silence as the Lord Lieutenant passed. There were one or Wo boos heard uttered by some par ties on the outskirts of the crowd. On Tuesday Lord Spencer visited Tralee. The Dublin Expuess correspondent, writing of the visit, says : — The moat notable feature of the visit to Tralee was the repetition of the insult offered at Caatleicland by the hoisting of a black flog from the rooms of the Young Men's So ciety. The words ' Remember Myles Joyce1' were painted in large yellow letters on doe side, and upon the other were inscribed, ' Re member Poff and Barrett.' A party o£ police on observing the flag vrenfc to the house, and rushed up otaiiB. At the dooi' they were met by the president and other members of the society, who refused to admit them without a warrant. The police retired, stat ing they would procure a warrant ; but the removal of the insulting device rendered thai? further interference unnecessary. The fact is plain enough that England holds Ireland by force of shot and shell, and that Earl Spencer is a hated and abhorred alien, riding rough-shod over the country, and through a desperately hostile population. 