The Induction of the Rev. A. A. Maclaren. On Friday evening last (St. Paul's Day) the Bishop pf Newcastle inducted the Rev. A. A. Maclaren into the cure of St. Paul's, West Maitland. _ There was a large congregation, and besides the incumbent elect of St. Paul's, there were present in the chancel, the Rev. Canon Tyr- rell, the Rev. C. Walsh, and the Rev. Mr Luscombe. Service was opened with the hymn 436, " We love the place, O God," and even-, ing service wob intoned by the Rev. A. A. Maclaren, Dr. Ellis, who was to have offi- ciated, having been unexpectedly detained in Sydney. Canpn Tyrrell read the lessons, which were Ezekiel, iii., 7-19 ; St. John, x, 1-16 The proper Psalms were Ps, cxlix and'c1 After,the anthem "Plead Thou my cause,1' the special induction service began. After reading the opening collect, thp Bishop with the clergyman being inducted, proceeded to the font, the' -prayer desk, vthe lectern, the pulpit, and the communion table, and read the sentences set down in the service ' applying to each. Then came a brief form of address to the people and the churchwardens, exhorting them to work with their minister, and after'an'interval spent by the congregation in silent prayer, the hymn " Come, Holy Ghost, our souls inspire," was Bung. The Bishop then aBcended the pulpit, and selected as a text I. Corinthian's xi, 1, " Be ye followers of me, even as I also am of Christ." He said that they met within the walls of one of many buildings which might be regarded as sacred to the memory of him who wrote the words of the text. They were met on the day which1 Christian people bad set apart to thank God for the conversion of this writer ; and on such a day one naturally turns to the life or the writings, or both, of him who was the subject of that conversion. There need be on that occasion no variation from what was nsual, for no better example could be set before Christian people, or before a Christian minister, than the example of St. Paul. Taking the words " Be ye followers' of me, even as I also am of Christ," there seemed at first Bight to be about them a certain self-assertion from which one natur- ally shrank/ How dare St. Paul" pro- pose himself as an example, and couple the mention of himself with a reference to the perfect example of our sinless Saviour ? The question might be answered by saying that the words of the text should''be'read as the last verse of Chapter z, instead of as the first verse of Chapter Xi. St. Paul had been treating of practical difficulties in the Christian life,-what are now, in modern phrase, called cases of conscience. He had dealt at some length with these, in the loving sympathy of his heart ; and then he gives this general rule-"Whether therefore ye eat, or drink, or whatsoever ye do, do all to the glory of God. Give none offence, neither to the Jew, nor to the Gentiles, nor to the church of God: Even as I please all men in all things, not seeking mine own profit, but the profit of many, that they mny be saved." And then he strengthens bia counsel, by citing his own example-" Be ye followers of me, even as I also am of Christ." These were the words of one who had been acknowledged as one of the heroes of the Christian Church It had been said that of all tho characters in the New Testament history, we know St. Paul best Wherein did his greatness consist? What was the secret of his influence ? He did not appear to have been a man of commanding physique. His personal appearance was rather against him than in his favour. The heathen when they took the Apostles for Gods, chose Barnabas and not Paul for the chief. His opponents at Corinth thought lightly of his presence. He himself seems to Bpeak of physical weakness when he talks of being with them in weakness, and fear, and much trembling. He perhaps thought that his message might suffer because of his weak- ness. And then there was the thorn in the flesh. Tradition says his personal appear- ance waB very far from being prepossessing. Yet this man has had an influence urion the world greater than that exerted by any other except one-the Son of Man. To this man the Christian vjorld in great part owes 'ifs Christian faith. God got him ready,' God gave him a work to do. In that feeble fra'mê it had been said there dwelt a mighty spirit, a golden enthusiasm that never slackened, and a courage that never failed. How< was St. Paul prepared for his work P In his early childhood he dwelt in a city where the Greek literature was known. At the foot of one of the greatest masters in Jerusalem he was taught. He applied him selt to the study ot the law as to a discipline of the mind. He Beems to have made an effort to keep the law. But he wsb conscious of one special failure : " What shall we say then P", he writes. " Is the law. sin ? God forbid. Nay, I had not known sin, but by the law : for I bad not known lust, except the law had' Baid, Thou shalt not covet. But sin, taking occasion by the commandment, wrought, in me all manner of concupiscence." There was a zeal and an ° earnest ness about St. Paul in his pre Christian days. He did what he thought right. He was in that respect an example for all men. How does their zeal as Christians compare with their seal before they were Christians ? A further lesson of this part of St. Paul's life was that we do not necessarily sot aright when we act according to our consciences to the extent to which our consciences are enlightened. Upon the con- version of St. Paul his Beal continued, but he transferred it with all the strength and power I of his nature into the Bervice of Christ the Lord. So he became a chosen messenger, and was supported in his work by the spirit of that Lord whom he served. The doctrine which he set forth became as it were flesh and blood in his own person It was not something apart from him ; it entered into his nature. He was inspired by Christ \--"To me to live ii Christ," he said. He reckoned himself not his own master, but the slave of Jesus Christ, There was a surrender of self in St. Paul, and a great deal of sym- pathy with others. Occasionally be was severe, but he had been severe with himself, and his tender sympathy runs through his writings. There were in them two Pauls re- vealed, in fact, the sympathiser and the stern instructor of those whom he addressed. His greatness was not merely an intellectual greatness, although he was undoubtedly a deep thinker and a powerful reasoner. His greatnesB was a moral greatness, a greatness of character. His great- ness was closely akin to gentleness, the gentleness of Christ. One of the most valuable practical lessons suitable to the present occasion was an illustration of the manner in which true greatness of character unites contrasts. Thus, first, St. Paul combined zealand patience; secondly, he united firmneBB and a conciliatory disposition; thirdly, he joined official dignity to personal humility ; fourthly, he combined individual effort with trust in a Power, not his own. The preacher in proof and illustration of each of these con- trasts cited passages from the history ¿r writings of St. Paul. Happy the congregation, he went on to say, who had a minister Who was a follower of St. Paul, and in whose character were united all those differing and contrasting qualities which made up the character of St. Paul. But St. Paul wrote to a Christian ¿ongregation, and lils modern readers must regard his' lesBons as being addressed not to this or that order in the Church of Christ, but to them individually and collectively. If the example of the saints of God be studied in this spirit, there will be found helps to holy living in abundance for all degrees of men in Christ's holy church. A study of the character of St. Paul should awaken men io a sense of the privileges and responsibilities involved in the Chris- tian profession. _ Those who give themselves to a contemplation of such a character will be less critical and more charitable than they have been in their judgments as to the purposes and endeavours of their fellow Christians ' Yet St. Paul was an example to ministers too. [A special exhortation was here, addressed to the new incumbent ] St. Paul walked and worked with God, that was the spirit ministers should cultivate. Minis- ters and people should keep clear of petty jealousies and rivalries, in this matter especi- ally becoming followers of St. Paul. In him there was a grand freedom from paltry motives: he glories in the spread of the Gospel, by whomsoever it was spread ; and he warns his correspondents against indulging in party Bpirit. His counsels have a fresh value in every age and in every1 land. The preacher concluded by dommending the in- cumbent to the prayers and the sympathies of that congrégation. They should remember the reverence due to the pastoral office. If their judgment at any time differed from that of their minister they should take into account the lessons" of experience which be had learned, making him in many matters a better judge 'than they could be. They should co-opbrate .with bim m carrying out the design of God in''establishing His church. The sermon ended with a reference to the purpose of the collection, the fund for renovating the interior of the Sunday Behool building. After the offertory, hymn 103, " The Son of God goes forth to war," was sung, and the service ended. At the service on Sunday evening, the Rev. Mr. Maclaren took occasion to preface the UBual notices before sermon by saying that he had not since his induction had so good an opportunity of speaking to the people of St. Paul's. He hoped they would work with him and have confidence in him. Some doubts had been expressed as to what he might do, because of his church views. He begged to assure them he would of his own motion change nothing in the manner of the services ; as he found the custom of St. Paul's in con- ducting the services, bo he would leave it : at any rate no change would be made in which the whole congregation did not heartily con- cur. He hoped therefore that the people would work in common with him, and do everything wiih the design of promoting the glory and honour of God.v 