fjundcuj Jehool Jcddon. • Outlines and Notes on the Lessons from the Sundaytchool Teacher, in advance. THE GOSPEL IN THE LIFE. JANUARY 27.—AFTERNOON. Beading, James iv. 7-17. Golden Text, Galatians ii. 20. I.—INTRODUCTION Holy Ghost Auther of new life. Compare this with John iii. 3-5. Hence this change called the new birth. How this obtained called the Gospel. Tell children that the object of present lesson is to show the effect which a belief in this Gospel has on the daily life of those who are brought under its powers. TT.—THE PRINCIPLES SET FORTH IN THE GOLDEN TEXT. Glass to repeat the text, and then question out the three great truths which it contains :— 1\. The believer in Christ is dead unto this world : has a new life. 2\. The present life he lives is one not of sight, but of faith in Christ: does all things as unto Him. 3\. The ground of the trust the unfailing love of Christ, who gave His life a ransom for man. HI.—THE EFFECT OF RELIGION IN THE DAILY LIFE. 1\. Submission to the will of God. Read James iv. 7. Question as to where God's will is found. Hence the Christian child studies the Bible to learn his duty. (a) It is the duty of the young to submit themselves to those placed over them ; so they do not rebel against authority. (b) As God is the Author of their being and daily mercies, should give Him the best of their days and powers : hence Christian child worships God daily and tries to serve Him. (c) When tempted to neglect duty, and do what is •wrong, resist. 2\. A constant seeking of God in prayer, James iv. 8. Bead passage and work out the effect of this relation— that as God is holy, so all His children must be holy. Internally the heart pure, then externally the conduct will be right. 3\. The possession of an humble spirit (verse 10). Read Psalm li. 4, and compare it With Luke xv. 18. Apply. A true Christian child is always ready to own his faults, and confesses faults to God. 4\. The tongue is kept under restraint (verse 11). Bead verse and refer to previous lesson on the power of the tongue, and impress class with the necessity for this grace, which must be constantly sought. 5\. A constant dependence upon God for present and future needs. No boasting in self (verse 13-16). Work out the contrast in this respect between a godly child and an ungodly. Former says, " If the Lord will (that is, if He permit), I will do this or thatlatter says, " I will do this." Show that the former is wisdom, because (a) the future unknown to man; (fi) life is uncertain. GENERAL APPLICATION.—1. Endeavour to show that every Sunday-school child does in a sense know the will of God—knows what is good, and the way to do what is right, and so each can apply to himself. 2\. All know, but do not obey. Those who know and do, happy: those who know and do not, under condemnation. Conclude by having the text again repeated. 