THE PICTURE. (Coenfaud.) CHArER III. "What I took to be the champion's brains flew horribly before the discharge; the air was all amoke, a heavy body rushed between the Marquis and me, and drove nus apart, and the door of the condemned passage was slammed. Mf. De Groucy strode into the room; I followed him. The smoke began to clear, and all things were visible as in a mist \--patches of hair floated about, mowed by the bullet off the champion's skull. "Irene leaned against the mantel-piece white as a ghost; but only her body crouched, and that not much ; her haughty head was erect, and her eyes faced us, shining super. naturally. The Marquis, stout as he was, sank into a chair and trembled. "' How did that man get in here ?'said he, hoarsely. "'I let him in by the condemned door,' said she, pale but unflinching. ' Can not you see that I love him.' "'You love that canaille . groaned the Marquis, "'I love that young man, because he is a man, and has all the virtues that belong to his- humble condition. He earns his bread, and I shall be proud to earn mine with him. Bat it is you and this gentleman who have hastened things; you were forcing me and hurrying me into a marriage without love. No maisery, no degradation, can equal that. That is why I called him to my aid. I placed myself under his protection.' " 'I will kill him,' said the Marquis to me, with deadly calmness. " She came forward directly and folded her arms before him. ' Then you will kill my honor; for he is my lover; I belong to him.' "At that audacious avowal the Marquis rose like a tower and lifted his hand to fell her to the earth. But he did not strike her. Better for her perhaps if he had; for words can be more terrible than blows. "'Since you can fall no lower,'said he, ' marry your peasant, and live on his dung- I hill with him. You are no child of mine. I banish you, and I disown you, and may God's curse light on you and him for ever !' S,".Then for the first time her proud head drooped upon her hand, and that hand upon the mantel-piece. 'You will forgive me one day,' she murmured, faintly. "' Forgive yon ?' said he, with unutterable scorn; 'I shall forget you. You are no mbre 1 to me now than the dirt I walk on. Come, my son, my only child.' He took my hand and drew me away. He never looked back; but I cast one long, miserable glance on her whom it was my misery to love and hate. Her white wrist rested on a high chair, her head was bowed, yet her fearless eyes did not turn from us. She was beautiful as ahe stood there half cowed by a father's curse ; as beautiful as she had been in her scorn, in her ire, and in her happy reveries when her I lips parted with that happy smile, and a i tender fire glowed in her dewy eyes." Whilst the narrator paused, and we sat silent looking at the picture, Suzon came hurriedly in, with tears in her eyes, and told the curd Catherine was very ill indeed, and begging to see him. He rose directly and accompanied her. "You had better sleep here," said my uncle; "your bed is always ready, you know." "With pleasure," said he. As soon as the door had closed on him I remarked, rather peeviahly, that I never knew an interesting story allowed to proceed without a whole system of interruption. The elders smiled at my impatience. M. f De Pontarlais suggested that perhaps I felt those interruptions more than others. My t uncle said, " We must take good men as they f are, and thank God for them. I have known him fourteen years, yet never once to neglect a sick person for any personal gratification whatever." Then, I remember, I was half ashamed of myself, and said I venerated the good curd and loved him dearly, and if he would stay with Catherine, well and good ; but he would I be coming back in a few minutes, and it was this perpetual O'a-et.viert that was breaking my heart and the thread of the only beauti ful story I had ever heard told by word of month. "Calm yourself, my young friend," said Mfonsieur De Pontarlais; "'my story is nearly ended. " The Marquis compelled me to leave him, 1 after a while, and seek repose. I could not find it; I raged with fury; I sickened with despair; I loved and I hated. This is the world's hell.. '."The first thing next morning Mademoi- f selle Donon come to the Marquis and me, in tears, and told no she had heard all, but im plored us not to believe one word against Irne's 'hlior. She could only, until that fatal night, have spoken to the man at the village- ftes, '.or from - the balcony of the parterre, forty feet above the ground. ' Poor mexperienced girl,' said she, ' how should she measure her words? Shedidnot know what she was saying.' "'The pupils of Rousseau have not much to learn,' was the grim reply. "The next minute Pierre came in and told us mademoiselle had left the house with a bundle in her hand, and dressed like a pea sant girl. I started up; but the Marquis t laid a hand of iron on me. 'Let her go,'said he. 'Let her taint a peasant's home; she shall not dishonor mine. Her own mother should not keep her if she was alive and went on her knees to me.' " This was the end. I stayed that miserable day, and then the Marquis sent me home. I told him that I should tell my father our tempers were irreconcilable, his daughter's had mine. "' What I tell a lie about her?' said the iron noble. 'Tell the truth, my son, and re thin my love ' "Well, that difficulty was solved for me. I.reached home in a high fever, and it soon settled on my brain, and I was insensible for weeks. "I recovered slowly, and it was many months ere I could walk. Ah, fatal beautyl you nearly killed two men : the blackguard yon .adored with all those queenly airs of yours-a bullet grazed his skuoll and ploughed his hair to the roots; and all through yeou the gentleman you despised lay at death's door many a day." Our friend the curd came in as these words were spoken. He looked very grave, and said that he mnst stay the night. Catherine was, he feared, a dying woman. She was asleep just now, but a sleep of otter exhaus tion. My ancle was much concerned. He got up directly to go and see his fathful servan:, and the story was interrupted again, as I had fore seen, and the conversation turned on poor Catherine and her humble virtues till my uncle returned, looking very glom. Then Snuzon came in bearing a huge silver bowl, and this was speedily filled with wine, sugar, lemon and spices-a delicious and fragrant compound. It was ladled out in our glasses, and under its influence I took courage, and implored the Count to finish the etory. Heconsented at once, but said it would have little interest for me now, since the principal figure had dis appeared. "I lay long time between life and death, and even when I was out of danger my mind was confused and troubled. However, by degrees I recovered a certain dogged calm of mind, amid, indeed, since then I observed in other victims of the tender passion that a brain-feverfrom disappointed love either kills the body or cures the heart. "My long and dangerous illness was followed by a period of bodily weakness, during which those about me seemed leagned together to know nothing about the family of De Groucy. No doubt they had their orders. 's "At last, one day, being now stronger, I asked my father, with feigned composure, if he still corresponded with my dear friend the Marquis de Groucy. " Yes, my son,' was his reply. 'He is in England. He has sold his property and emi grated. He came here on his way, and wept over you ; but you did not know him.' This made my tears flow. After a while I said, ' Father, she whom I loved so dearly--oh, father, I can bear anything now ; tell me. Her own parent has abandoned her, but per haps she has come to her senses, and only needs a friend to save her from that wretch.' " ' Frederick,' said my father, firmly, ' be a man ; forget that woman. She is not worth a thought. She has chosen her dunghill; let her lie on it.' Then, as I persisted in begging him to tell me something about her, he said, ' I will tell you this much; you have no be trothed, my poor friend has no daughter, and his noble race is extinct.' " After that I maintained a sort of sad and gloomy silence, and all those who really loved me flattered themselves I had forgotten her; but now, after so many years, I own to you, Monsieur Frdddric, that her beauty and her voice and the love I had given her haunted me, and were an obstacle to marriage, until celibacy became too fixed a habit. Even now, in the decline of life, my heart thrilled at the sudden sight of her shadow there, the life. like image of one I loved too well." This set as all gazing at the portrait, and the card in particular got up and examined it very closely, and with a puzzled air. But I still thirsted for more. "Sorely," said I, "in the course of all these years, you must have heard something more about her ?" "Not a word." "Made some inquiries I" "None." "At least, sir, you know whether she is alive or dead ?" "No, I do not." Then I began to bemoan my ill fortune. "Oh, sir," said I, "when you began your beautiful story I felt sure 1 should hear all about her, and where she is now; but you lost sight of her when she was no older than I am, and there you drop the curtain, and all is dark. It is all over now; nobody will ever tell me the story of her life; nobody knows anything about her." "You are mistaken," said the curd, gravely. " I know a great deal about her." "Is it possible ?" I cried, wild with excite ment. "Oh, how fortunate ! Ab, my dear friend, tell us all you know." "Not so, Monsieur Frdddric. I must not tell you what I know as her confessor and direc tor, but I will tell you all that I have a right to tell. Alas I it is a short but terrible his tory. " Well, then, for many years before I came here I had a cure on the other side of the mountains, and amongst my parishioners was a family of farmers called Flaubert. The head of it was a widow woman, who farmed a little freehold with great ability and keen ness, and kept the house with strict economy. She had two sons and their wives under the roof. "The elder took after her, was prudent, laborious, and married a young woman who had a piece of land and a bit of money, and was also a managing woman. She had two children, and no more. The other son was a young man spoiled early in life by his physi cal gifts. He was of colossal size, yet could run like a deer, and dance like a faun. A first-rate shot, a poacher, and the champion wrestler of the district. Indeed, he was called 'the champion ' even in his own family, and they were proud of him three or four times a year, when he brought home prizes from the fairs; the rest of the time they blushed for him. This young man's wife was a person you could not fail to remark. Her figure was stately and erect; her carriage graceful. As to her face, it had not the bloom of youth and beauty which illumines that lovely picture. Seven years of peasant life and the hot son of Provence had tanned her neck and arms, and a discontented mind, which never looked to religion for comfort, had imbittered her very face. I remember that even then a deep line crossed her fore head, and her cheeks were hollow, compared with that plump beauty, and her throat was not a smooth column like that. But, now I think of it, her hands, though brown with - exposure, were shapely, and not like a pea sant's, and her eyes and eyebrows were really superb, and her forehead and face were white and smooth as ivory. Yes, I can just be lieve that this picture was like her in the flower of her youth. Only, as I said before, when I first saw her she was hardened by labor, bronzed by the sun, withered, as I now learn, by a father's curse, and soured by in fidelity. "The Flaubert family lived a quarter of a league from the village, and I saw the wife Michel about, more than once, before I spoke to her. Her appearance and carriage were so striking that I made inquiries about her of the villagers with whom I had already made acquaintance. "'Oh ! the fair peasant I' said one. 'The countess !' said another, in coarse derision of her superior; and they told me she was the daughter of a red-hot aristo, who had fled to England becausa she married a peasant for love. They gave me plenty of details, and you would smile if you heard the vulgar romances each narrator constructed on her true story, which, nevertheless, was romantic enough. "The widow and her eldest daughter at tended mass, and I conversed with them. In due course I asked the widow if she had not another daughter-in-law. " The two women looked at each other andshrugged their shoulders. 'Yes, I have, sir,' said the widow, ' to my misfortune.' " ' Shall I not see her at mass ?' "'Let us hope not; for she would only come to yawn or to mock. She is a pagan, I believe, amongst her other qualities.' " ' Perhaps she attends to the home whilst you are out!' "'She attend to the home?' and both women laughed heartily at the idea-so heartily that the younger thought it neces sary to make an apology. The elder chimed in and said, in the sly way of a Provencal peasant, ' If her outside has interested M. le curl, I can give him a picture of her this mo ment. She is sitting over my fire, burning her petticoat, with her hands lolling by her sides, making useless embroidery, or else in a pure reverie. As for her household occupa tion, she is either letting the pot boil over or get cold. I could not swear which; 'tie but one or t'other.' "Of course Ichecked these remarks, and lectured upon Christian charity. My dis course was received with respectful silence, but my hearers seemed turnedl into wood. "Some days after this Iwas caught in a heavy rain, and the nearest shelter was the farm-house of the Flauberts. I knocked at the door; no notice was taken; I knocked again; a light footstep, and the door was opened by Madam Michel. She did not re ceive me hospitably. She said, in broad Pro vencal, 'There is nobody in the house,' and she held the door in her hand. Then I tried her in French. ' Madam,' said I, 'I am wet through, and if I could, without incommod ing you-' "'Do me the honor to come in,' said she, with perfect accent nad the nmost graceful courtesy. She seated me by the fire, and we entered into conversation. I believe we con. versed about trifles, and I could not help ad miring her grace and courtesy, and the French language, the language of politeness, which had at once recalled her to her native good breeding. She spoke it exquisitely, not withstanding the little use she now made of it. "I forgot all our small-talk; but I re member at last that she fixed her eyes full upon mine and said, ' Monaieur, why did you speak to me in French ' " I answered her honestly, and with some emotion. ' Because, madam, I know your story from others' (her pale cheek colored at that), ' and, to be quite frank, I came here hoping, by my advice and authority, to make matters smoother and more pleasant in this house.' "' You would but waste your time.' said she. 'These people hate me with all their hearts, and I despise them with all my soul. Matters have come to such a pitch that we endure each other only because we are about to part. My husband is heir to a small sum of money, and he has purchased a cottageand a few acres, that are sold very cheap, belong ing to an dmigrd. We shall do very well when we are alone. " 'You have my best wishes,'said I; ' but I am afraid you are too little accustomed to the hard life of a working farmer; and even your husband has never learned to dig and mow and labor like his brother; his tastes appear to be for pastimes and games and-' "' You need not mince the matter,' said she; 'he is lazy, and, worse still, he is fond of drinking and gambling. But it is all his mother's fault, with her weak indulgence and now she encourages him to desert his home out of her jealousy of me. Once I get him away from this vile woman he will stay beside me, and lead an honest, industrious life, as I shall for his sake.' "I knew Michel was hardened in his ill habits, and that love could not convert him without religion. I thought it my duty to tell her so. The woman froze directly, and when I urged my views she encountered me with all the cold infidelity and satire of this unhappy age. She was armed at all points by Messrs. Volney, D'Alembert, Voltaire, and others, and by her own self- confidence. So I told her I would notargue with her, but pray for her. "Do you believe prayers are heard ?' said she, ironically. " I told her I thought earnest prayers were always heard, and sometimes granted. "'Well,' said she, 'the most earnest prayer I ever heard was when my own father cursed me and my husband. Will God grant that!' " 'Not against your souls,'said 1. "She shrugged her shoulders, as much as to say the exception was of very little value; and I left the house defeated and sad." "And I answer for it you kept your word, and prayed for this perverse creature,' said my uncle. " ' With all my heart and soul,' replied the good curd. (To be continued.) 