SERMON PREACHED AT THE CATHEDRAE, PERTH, W.A. Max 25th, 1884. BY the eight bet. the loed bishob oe peeth. St. Matt, xxviii. 18 — 20. "And Jesus came and spake unto them saying, All power is given unto Me in heaven and in earth, G-o ye therefore and teach all nations baptiz- ing them into the name of the Father and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost ; teaching them to observe all things whatsoever I com mand you. And lo, I am with you always even unto the end of the world." The Gospel of St. Matthew, which commences with the announcement of the birth of Christ as the birth of Him "Who was the great " Immanuel," " God with us," and with the account of the adoration paid to Him whilst yet an Infant by the "Wise Men from the East ; fittingly closes with the ac count of His appearance to His disci ples after His Resurrection on a mountain in Galilee, of their adora tion of Him when they saw Him, and of His parting assurance to them " Lo, I am with you always even unto the end of the world." The scene and character and circumstances of this appearance are in every way remark able. Time, place, and persons seem to have been alike fixed beforehand. The first words almost of the angel to the women at the sepulchre on the day of His Resurrection had been, " Go, tell His disciples and Peter, He goeth before you into Galilee, there shall ye see Him." And again Jesus own words to them immediately af terwards, " Go tell my brethren that they depart into Galilee, there shall they see Me." And so, it is said, " the eleven disciples, went into Gal ilee, unto the mountain which Jesus had appointed them." And not they only but apparently the whole num ber of His disciples were here gather ed once more around their Divine Master, this being probably the oc casion to which St. Paul refers when he says that after appearing to the twelve, the Lord appeared " to more than five hundred brethren at once." Where exactly this was or what the " mountain " on which He had thus appointed them all thus to meet Him, we are not told. It was evidently chosen by Him with some specific purpose. Just as He had gone up into " the mountain " when He com menced His teaching ; just as He had continued all night in prayer upon "the mountain" before commissioning His twelve Apostles ; just as it been on " the mountain " that He had al lowed to Peter and James and John a vision of His. glory : so now it was on " the mountain," perhaps the very same mountain which was hallowed to them by one or other of these earlier memories, that He now spoke to them His last solemn words, declaring the extent and duration of His Sovereign ty and giving them His special charge as to the manner in which they were to execute the great commission which He had already, on the Day of Resurrection, entrusted to them. That the occasion was one therefore of special importance is I think clear. It was so, we may gather even from the bTief account that is given us of it, as in fact the occasion of His sol emn leave-taking of the whole body of His disciples before His departure into heaven, of His last solemn charge to them. And as such it is well that we should note carefully what His words mean, and what are the lessons that they contain for us. In the first place then let us ob serve, my brethren, how strongly our Lords speaks of the universal Sover eignty now conferred upon Him. No language can go beyond the terms which he uses, " All authority is given unto Me (He says) m heaven and in earth." It is as still wearing our human nature we must remember though now changed in its conditions of life by its resurrection from the dead, that He thus speaks. The great battle with sin and with Satan had been fought by Him in man's nature and on man's behalf : the victory had been won. And He was about now to return, in that same Human nature to His throne in heaven, no longer the Eter nal Son of God alone, one with the Eather in Majesty and Power, but the Son of Man also. All created things and beings were henceforth to be sub ject to His authority. Seated upon His mediatorial throne He was thence to exercise a special dominion over all things, until, the will of the Ea ther being fully accomplished, all ene mies should be subdued under His feet and all things gathered together once more into a glorious unity, whe ther they be things in heaven or things in earth. The truth which our Lord thus strongly sets forth is one which the Scriptures are careful throughout to impress upon us in con nection with His Ascension. Thus David, in prophetic spirit wrote, " The Lord said unto my Lord, sit Thou on my right hand until I make Thy foes Thy footstool." Again in the vision of Daniel we read, "I saw in the might visions, and behold one like the Son of Man came with the clouds of heaven, and came to the Ancient of Days and they brought Him near before Him : and there was given Him dominion and glory and a kingdom, that all people, nations, and languages should serve Him : His do minion is an everlasting dominion which shall not pass away and His kingdom that which shall not be de stroyed." The narrative again given us of His Ascension in the Gospel His tory seems to be so wordedas especially to call attention to the reality of this human body at the very moment of its withdrawal from this earth. The walk with His disciples to Bethany, His conversation with them, His lift ing up His hands to bless them, are all especially noted. Whilst the words of the Angels, "This same Jesus which is taken from you into heaven shall so come in like manner as ye have seen Him go up into Heaven ; " and such later passages of the New Testament as that in which it is said " God also hath highly ex alted Him, and given Him a Name which is above every other Name, that at the Name of Jesus every knee should bow, of things in heaven and things on earth, and things under the earth, and every tongue should con fess that Jesus Christ is Lord to the glofcy of God the Eather: " and those which speak of His having been ac tually seen in His heavenly glory by St. Stephen, and St. Paul and St. John: passages such as these seem intended at once to bring home to us the truth that He is still the same in His human body, as well as in all His human sympathies and feelings, that He was here on earth, and will remain age after age the same, within the un seen world to which He has gone, un til the time comes when He shall ccme back, still the same Son of Man, to judge the world : and to teach us yet further that, in that Human na ture, He is now exalted above all principalities and powers, and every name that is named, as Head over all things to His Church. It is impor tant my brethren that we should care fully note and accept the teaching of Scriptures and of our Lord Himself on this point: for it contains the answer to that which (as has been well saidj is one of " the great questions in our day between the Church and the world, between faith and unbelief, What is Christ now P To the world He is merely a great Benefactor of the past, a mighty Teacher who ful filled His mission and departed, leav ing His mark (by the wisdom of His precepts and purity of His example) on all future times." To the Church He is her still- living Head ; Who, His great work on earth finished, has gone back in that very Human nature which He wore on earth to the highest heaven, and there sits enthroned at the right hand of the Eather, at once Perfect God and Perfect Man, watch ing with a special interest, if we may so speak, over her earthly destines, overruling all her conflicts and trials, and ordering all things, in His never failing wisdom and power, to the ac complishment of His loving purposes in her ana by her, just as truly as when He was visibly with His Apos tles of old, going m and out amongst them. But our Lord, let us further observe in the words of my text not only speaks of the power henceforth be longing to Himself; but He adds im mediately " Go ye, therefore, and make disciples of all nations, baptizing them into the name &c.; As though He had said, ' This is the end to which the dominion of which I speak is designed, to win all men to Myself as willing subjects, to bring all men into fellowship with God ; and this end I purpose to accomplish by your instrumentality ; to you I commit this as the work that you have to do for Me upon earth. Observe the grand eur of the charge, " Go, make disci ples of all nations." Up to this time their ministry had been restructed to "the loss sheep of Israel." Now it is extended to " all nations." The Risen Christ claims for Himself not one people only but all mankind. He wills to gath er every race of men into His king dom ; to unite all into one body under His loving and life-giving rule. It was a work which they might well have felt to be too great for them, had they had to trust to their own resources, to depend upon their own powers. But besides the assurance that He had just given them of His Sovereignty oer all things, the words which follow would at once set aside any such misgiving. They had, in the first place, simply to proclaim a mes sage and to offer to all men the bles sing of renewal communion with God. They were to make disciples of all na tions by " baptizing them into the name of the Eather and of the Son and of the Holy Ghost." They had but to proclaim to men the revelation which God had now given of TJimself and of the relation in which He stands to us as our Creator, our Re deemer, and ©ur Sanctifier : and to bring all who would receive their mes sage, T>y the Sacrament of Baptism, into living fellowship with Him. And having thus brought them near to God, they were to go on to teach them further to observe all things whatsover he had commanded them : little by little to build them up in the knowledge of the truth, and to lead them to fashion their lives and con versations in obedience to His will. This was their part in the work. Let them give themselves up to do this willingly and faithfully: and He would Himself He promises be ever with them to guide and prosper them in it. " Lo, I am with you always," or as it is literally, "all the days," "even unto the end of the world." "Weak though they might be in them selves, and difficult the work to which they were set, they were not left to accomplish it by their own unaided efforts. The work all along would be still His own work, and they and their successors in the Christian min istry would be but His instruments in carrying it on ; upheld and guided by His unseen Presence and Power work ing with them amidst all the changes and conflicts of their ministry to the same accomplishment in the end of the good pleasure of His goodness. Two main lessons are thus, I think, brought home plainly to us by these last words of our Lord to His disciples. In the first place they con tain the assurance of Christ's own abiding Presence with His Church on earth and with all its members, even when no longer visibly amongst them, " always — even unto the end," and this is a lesson which it is especially need ful that we should lay to heart both as regards the Church at large and as regards our own individual lives — alike in times of strife and division within ; and in times of conflict with-ungodliness I and unbelief without. "When through I want of zeal and earnestuess and holi- I ness of life in her members or from I weakness andimperfecti on intheinstru- I mentsemployed, the work of the church I seems to make little progress in the I world and the church herself to be I very different from what He intended I her to be ; it is well to turn for our I encouragement to the assurance which I He has Himself given us of His own I abiding presence ever witlj'Vs, " all I the days " — in days of storin as well I as in days of sunshine, in days of I failure as well as in days of success. I All is in fact under His governance — I all is being even now ordered by Him, I despite of present appearances to the I contrary, to the appointed end. The I weakness of the instruments matters I not if He is working with them. Let I each only strive to do his appointed I work for Him well and faithfully, I trusting His wisdom and power, and fl leaving the results to Him, and His I presence is the pledge to usHbat He B will in due time solve all perplexities, I and make the way out of all difficult- B ies : to the full establishment in due I time of His kingdom of truth and I righteousness in the earth. I And so as regards our individual I lives, whatever be our present difficul- B ties and anxieties and trials, all is in B fact well if he indeed reigns above, I watching over and caring for us. I There shall no trial befall us but He I will give us grace to bear it, and bring I us safely through it, to our greater I good and happiness in the end. We I may safely trust all the things of our I earthly life and of the lives of those H dear to us in His hands, knowing that H He is sure to order all, as is really I best for us and for them, and that His I promise is no less sure to each one of I His servants than to His Church afc I large, " Lo I am with you all the days"' I — days of sorrow, and days of joy I alike — days of prosperity and days of H adversity, days of youth and days of I old age, " even unto the end." I And as the other great lesson which H our Lord's words bring, home to us 1 I would ask you in conclusion especially H to notice, that this- assur; nee of His I constant Presence does not dispense; I with our efforts : on the contrary it I is especially joined with them. It isi I not enough to know that He is with H us ; we must remember that we have H our work given us to do for Him, and H that it is in that work, and to help u& H to perform it rightly, that He promises; H to be with us. Eirsfe comes the com- H maod " Go ye, and make disciples of H all nations," and then follows the H promised blessing "Loll am with H you always even unto the end." In H proportion as we fulfill the command, H in the same proportion may we look H to secure the blessing, it is His will, H He tells us, that all nations should be H gathered into His kingdom : and it is H through us as His instruments that H He purposes to accomplish this work. H The work was one which the apostles H could not in their life time wholly ac- H complish : it was one which mustB necessarily occupy a long time: mB which, as one generation should sue-B ceed another, each portion of HisB Church would be called to take itsB share. It remains still in our ownB day unfulfilled. It has come down toB us in our generation and in our branch B of Christ's Church to help on the| work. We, if we would be faithfulB to His command must be ready to doB that part of it which in His goodB Providence He assigns to us. ThereB can be little doubt, I think, with anyB of us what that part is. With multi-B tudes of heathen within the borderaM of our own Colony we can bardlyH doubt but that the command, as it ap-| plies to us, is to make them disciples of Christ, to give to them- the knowledge® of the one true God which we our-H selves possess. It may be a work ofH difficulty, a work in which we thinkH that we have little ' hope of success but let us only attempt it in obedience® to Christ's will, and in faith in His| See Oxford Lenten Sermons 1868, p. 63- promised Presence with us in the work, and we may leave the rest to Him. I myself have long been considering how best 'to invite the members of the Church in this Diocese to enter upon this work, and making enquiries as to where best to obtain fitting men to send forth to it. During my recent visit to the other Colonies I have had the opportunity of making fresh en quiries, and have had three men es pecially recommended to me for such work, one as a missionary clergyman and two as lay helpers. I have also recently heard from England of more tAn one man desirous of engaging in such work amongst us. I trust, there fore, that the way is at length becom ing clear to us to at least a beginning of the work : and that I shall shortly now be in a position to ask the help of our different congregations in it on some regular plan. Meanwhile, as your prayers are this day asked for the work of Missions, i.e. for the spi eadingof Christ's kingdom, through out the world ; so let me especially ask them for the heathen of this land, 4 bat the great Head of the Church fill guide us to the right accomplish ment of His work on their behalf, and hasten the time when through our faithful labours they may be delivered from superstition and unbelief and brought to His true knowledge and service: that in so obeying His com mand we may realise more and more fully to ourselves the blessing of His last promise to His people " Lo I am with you always even unto the end of the world." 