®rrtmb0. Clear. Ficsh. Sunshine. It ended in a d-aw. English letters to-day. St. Patrick's Birthday. Crafers Show this week. A draw—as we expected. Tinsmiths' cocial to-night. Brickmakers meet to-night. Ballaarat arrived yesterday. Raccs on Old Course to-day. Cooper puzzled our cricketers. Is the baptism of fire over yet? Anarchy still abroad in Vienna. Manslaughter at Port Adelaide. Semaphore Institute concert to-night. Marionettes open at the Port to-night. Fremantle haB got a drink'ng fountain. The uplifting of the veil on Friday next. The Swinger is attracting a host of visitors. The Canon hai a shot all round on Saturday. Mr. R. H. Home, poet and essayist, is dead. The cver-grecn Canon firing random shots again. Public Works believes in a working majority. Ministerial rehearsal Town Hall Thursday night. Bonnor and Bannerman played with our fellows. Take care of your boots when you go to Glenelg. Victorian gunboat Childers has arrived at Suakin. The Rechabites are to have a field day tomorrow. Mr. V. Lawrence too bnsy to go into Parliament. What about a working majority in the Council? Nairne line in difficulties again. Blown up this time. Mr. W. Bickford left for England on Saturday. The " Grand Old Man" is still confined to his house. Hon. E. T. Smith the "ghost" of a defunct Minister! A working majority means including your own votes. West Adelaide wants a working man s candidate. The Lake Rotunda was an attractive place on Saturday. Ministers political and religious to the fore on Saturday. The Semaphore had a " red - jacket day" on Saturday. Wake up, Portonians. Semaphore has the best hall now. Small fire in Adelaide ; big fires in Sydney and Brisbane. Store and residence at Sandhurst destroyed by fire. nWill "some forms of ice" include the boys' icecreams ? The R.M.S. Valetta is bringing the new Bishop of Sydney. British victory in the Soudan likely to pacify the natives. The Crown Prosecutor has returnrd from h s trip to Calcutta. ; Mount Gambier hardly knows what to do with its potatoes. Mr. Vinrace Lawrance declines to stand for West Torrens. The Sutlej brought small present of £20,000 . for one of our Banks. Hon. L. Glyde in the r6le of "silent member" on Saturday. Our lions did not come in the Ballaarat; next steamer, probably. His E. told "one little story" at the Semaphore on Saturday. State of labour market to be considered by Reform League to-night. Temperature at noon to-day, 75* in the shade, and 138° in the sun. Australian cargoes of wheat selling at 40 3. 6d. to 41s. 9d. per quarter. Off his chump—Mr. Todd made a speech without a pun on Saturday. England promises to outnumber America in the matter of inventions. Hanlan arrived in Sydney on Saturday, and was welcomed by thousands. Disastrous explosion at Pocahontas, West Virginia; 150 persons killed. Sun rose 6.4 a.m., sets 6.16 p.m. ; moon rises 9.26 p.m.. sets 10.39 a.m. Scab has broken out in the North-West District of Western Australia. The rebels, under Osman Digna, were severely punished ; 4,300 killed. Capting Cowling, of the Hamley Mine, received valedictory presentation. Third of a ton of pearl-shell found withi a quarter of a mile from Palmerston. Remarkable phenomenon — " Instrui conversation" from a sandhill savage. Young woman named Tilling died s denly at Hospital; inquest to be held. At the fall of Bacninh the French captured the garrison and a hundred guns. High Commissioner to govern Western Pacific Islands to be appointed shortly. Fire in Sydney—loss £19,000 ; fire in Brisbane—loss between £20,000 and £30,000. Two men seriously injured by powder explosion at Kanmantoo, on Nairne line. Oiling the sea during storms likely to form subject of legislation in British Parliament. The A Battery of .Artillery paraded on Saturday with eight guns for the first time. Salvation Army not the only religious body who believe in wird and brass instruments. W. J. Greig & Co.'s estate to be compulsorily sequestrated ; Mr. Greig still missing. Mr. Chambetla'u is going to try and provide for the greater security of life at sea. Mr. Bright says the Conservative members of Wales can go to Parliament in a hansom cab. Mr. R. H. Home was an all round man—he was one of the champion swimmers of Australia. Ladies who wish to have beautiful hair for ever should be cautious how they use Brunswick black, Cathedral crowded last night half an hour before service; overflow helped other churches. The Hon. P. O. Fysh elected member Ta,- manian Legislative Council, vice the late Mr. Chapman. ^ We've got a cup big enough to retain in South Australia the " sacred ashesof successful cricket." Three fiddles, a flute, a brazen serpent, and sometimes a big dram, assiBt the choir of a Port Church. Lord Palmerston used tc carry a flower in his mouth; Mr. Chamberlain always carries one in his coat. The Poet Laureate is said to have received £1 a word lor Ids last poem. Mr. Fraser must ra ; se his rates. Several more experiments have been made showing the advantages of throwing oil upon the troubled waters. Mr. B. H. Home, the poet, just deceased, was at one time commander of the gold cscort in Victoria. During l_ist three months over two mi!- lio is of money paid iu dividends in England under the new Bankruplcy Act. Since the new Bankruptcy Act passed in England two hundred millions sterling has been collected and invested in the Bank of England. Our Fifteen made 1SD in th ir second |in- Lings j the other side 112 aud no wickets down. Fortunately for us, the game could cot be played out. _ Mr. Bright styles Mr. George an American inventor, and believes his scheme " beginning in confiscation, would end in confusion and immeasurable evil." Comforting |to land monopolists—Samuel Johnson used to say every man should take a t wo mile walk btiore breakfast, and if possible on his own land. Since new Patent Act passed the people of the United Kingdom are taking out patents at the rate of 30,000 a year; America with a larger popul lion takes out 20 000 At one time the intellectual recreation of the Semaphore was limited to the " instructive conversation of Mr. Jagoe, and the edifying remarks of " Pilot Harris;" they have an Institute now, and a Canon to fire jokes at them. Programme for Friday—Bones—Hon. J. C. R— y : Tambourine—M. Lavvy; Prompter— Hon. J. W. D—r; Chorus—Hon. A. C—t tlcn. E T. !-'—h, Hon. J. G. R—y; Supernumeraries—Our Supporter; Interlocuter for this occasion only—Mr. Sammy R—1. 