WINNING A WIFE AND A -STEEPLECHASE., S:; (Concluded.) .:' For many days after my foolish remark to old Warley did I mentally curse myself for having' been' so' foolish as to provoke him, and when Lizzie came home from her visit she also looked serious when I told her what an ass I had made of myself. Buit there 7was .nothing that suggested itself td us but waiting for the result, and in my own 'mind, though I tried to inspire Lizzie with hope, I knew there was not the ghost of a chance for me, for a few trials at the distance with Don Pedr dhad pioved'"to tie 'thtIiftori ld not live with him for threemiles, though, I made it very merry for him for two. Jemalso.helped. me allhe could in preparing. Bayard for the.coming struggle. Hle knew the position in which I stood with Mr. Warley, and I believe if I had been treacher ots e~nough to ask him to lose, he would have been very much tempted. to do so; but we had Comet- to beat,' and if I couldn't stay with the Don, my chance of beating !off adx old veteran like Comet was a very remote one. There wps nothing for me, to :do but to trust in Providehce and iny gdooi luck, and1Sif!hart. wAs very heavy for the few weeks preceding the races. - " l: 'How is that bullock of'yoiiis coming on ?' the old chap used torremark with a chuckle, sometimes of an- evening; 'it appears to me he goes slower the longer you train him. I wouldn't bother about him if I was you ; he will never see once round the course;" and he would, dias'a sarcastic glance at :poor Lizzie, who:used to- look pitifully at me in return. I had my revenge out of him, how. ever, at his-favorite game. InBvier had such luck in my life. It had become almost a matter of certainly my beating 'him- four` or fvegganies out' of every six; and although I secretly enjoyed his suppressed wrath, I knew it was only tending to harden the old man against me. , I couldn't try and lose, fortlie old chap would have detected me at once and been very wrathful,, so I went. on beating himi every night, t6 his intense' dis. gisti::'The 'risis of my fate was approaching nearer every day. As for Lizzie, she used to haunt the stable and caress Bayard when. ever-shegot-'a chance, doubtless 'uidnrd the impression that her fair hands and soft voice woulbribtve an immense influence in persuad ingshin to do-the best-he could inrthe'forth coming struggle. *·TheF"long"looked. for' and fatefiil'di?y rapidly approached,' and as Jimi:andiIpassed Mr. Warley two days before the races to proceed to Tambo .on our respective steeds; a ioolk of pride passed over ,his countenance as'he"''ioticed the spleidid 'condition" aid proud bearing of the Don, and, 'thirin to 'ii with:the first smile I had seen' on hisfa'ce forspome.weeks, he said kindly-- : . 'I amporry, for you,.,my lad,' bUatyou noEw 'I'suppose, by this time, you have n6o ohanc with'Pedro--Jim has told mhe'so,'ank if I wereyoulshould savetliethorie and'youir. self;any useless trying for:an, imipossible re I'elt ry bitter towards him before he spoke ?o'kindli to nie,'Sid I reiiied up"my horse,! letting:Jim :pass ?;and aid,' ina plead+ ing;tone-- :,"; , ; ,::, . ., , n; ,,,: 'Is therenochance gf, youralicring ;your mreakimy vord.l' " .. ,' :.Well,jthen?' said-I.;'.I will win or break '`rot much ,fear; 0f either,' ;he replied, lungingly;, you can't win, and Ithink that nag'of yours' isof tbo'sen.ilile'> rrb d t6o let you doIthe other. Good-bye for the'present?. I shalfbe in .Tambo inyself` to-mbrrow; and. Iizzie will 'be. with me. ,Don't looks so stp1id, you young fool. What is a few years to wait'? "I-'never married' till .:I was ovr' thirty.five.- Off you go ! Good-bye againi,;ind I'wish you luck, though, I know you haven't a chrance,' and, with a heavy heart, ;I fol-, lo0wed Jimon the road, feeling sure as I did so thattthieold'gentleman's judgment was' or reot; and that I wasn't in it.- ' ,- . Thei two days: we spent in Tanito- were fully occupied in various ways., Jim and. I: had?""couplea- of quiet flutters 'round the con?'ase;iboth of us negoitiat'ng the jumps in a very satisfactory manner." We -also-' ?w, the Brisbane favorite doing a-shor?rspin, his easy, style of: juniping causing, Jin to;:look rthieiserio6us. ' Weshall' hai've some troubl~lel ietha fello* offi' observed 'Jiiii: "?oifet'jullellip i and quietlyi walked:round for .s couploeuof turnsa. .We must bring him down ifwe can. Yo"? cai't?'inw,ai"d the old, man. will brealk hihean~i~t'if 'the DSo~h Ise YAfor tliS pace, aiid:' T'11 wait o;i liti atth finiil: ': -, ' And; I loinlemy chance,' said- I:bitterly, 'if l:ever-hadone.,: .. . 'It' lis rhard,' replied Jim,in patheti ally?' buit b?elieve me you havent a ghost of a chiance, aiid if tie'old miiasees you helpiiig me,-he might tuirnroind anid 'altei his niind afterward about you and MissILizzie:d :? : 'Not much fear,' said I;:. 'Iknow him'too well for that,.but, anylhiow, you shan't lose if I can help it;' ., - SOn our return I found Mr.,Warleyand his dauighter had arrived, and during the day the old fellow bicked his horse for a pretty dtiff amo.~it, the Brisbane betting men who had accompanied Comet from town offering to go oni till further orders. They also backed Cone't';for a ,stake, takiig very :shor't odds from the local'peoplb, and two hours' befbre -the :race:he was'the-favorite at even'bmney. S- I shall never forget that race. - Iajpieaed -to be in Mdreiffi- fiii thIetinimel ame on the course till it afis'all over;vifvhen I seemed to wake.up.auddenly. There were several minor eveiisct'o domi'n before thiebig'race, aindI sauntered about with Lizzie and Mr. Warley, with agreat,coat over my jockey suit, pre tending to listen to what they were talking about, all the timeinot understanding hardly a word they said. My;thoughts -wandered away from every subject but one; and -that one the most important one. : -Lizzie also seemed unusually.?dull, and well she might, for iI told her that I couldn't:possibly win. The old gentleman, .who was inzh`e:highest spirits,-seemed. to look upon :the race as his own; and.the nioney in his pocket. \- ' Come' and hbdve:aglass"'bof hampagii be fore youistait,' aidhe ; ':il will help tO make you look more cheerful: Those fellow' thinik tey e tari;sure .-td win:with'Cominetbut' ithey were neveirmoremii tiabken mi their lives.f" I don't believe;~:i : horse came' down from heaiin, he could bekt the Don to.day. :inever saw a' hoise sd fit in my life. .So, after just wetting my lipswith the wine, I shook hands with the pair of them, and proceeded, to mbunit Bayard arid givei: him a preliniinairy Salongside of Comet;, as inii hadn't ap'pe'ared yet. I ndtiled the jockey kept glancing at my horse as we'took stride for stride half way rounid the couise; and theniwalked them back again, and'he said-::- - ' That is a pretty mover of yoUrsasir. Ddes he fence well ?'. : 'Wait till you" see:hiin'I replied;. ' If you can'f tliv with mefor the first tw o miles I donit think:yoiu will see much of..me iat the finish:'.: S:I:said;th.i- ih rder toin duce him to race me, oas to letl thl ''' 'on. ':'D An;amiusaed grin .canie over his not very handBibi;mefal , as ldireplied- :. . . "'YoPd wibn't find me fair behid at the end. I'l' bet g'oi"iyo; hunfdrlied ieatyou, at azy "I'll lay fifty you don't, did I, reck 'D oe,,o said he." : A:'nd as ve arri'edt iat the starting post,. I iaw him'whisIer .to his owner, who lookid all'oVe Bjyard, and offeried to lay me afnither pony '. didn't beat Cbmet. Jim, w.'ho :w.as' aiong side of ome, winked warningly; indl tookli no iotice'ofthe offer, In another mo?ont we were off,' Jim whisper ing before we started that he would give me, a ledl' over the first jump. It all seems like. a'd eam timne now as'it did then: :I'con?d' see nothing, think of nothing but the task before me; and after the first jump I forged ahead at a pace that left both in the rear. There were only three starters, two horses having been scratched, and for the first round I looked all over a winner. A roar~went up as I passed the temporary stand, at least a hundred yards ahead, with Bayard still pull ing likeja'demoii,;ahddgbihg weli'within himi self, a: slight' h6pe arising 'inmniy inind ?tat he might last. As I'came to 'the" list fence -of the'-'seond" round;°'I-heard-a-roar,-and knew something had happened, but I couldn't look:behind, as the fence was in front of me. I hadjuAAeRA.,g ot .ver, than Iooked be.l hind me, and saw only Comet comig, with a wet sail, and overhauling me at every stride. I knew then that the Don had either baulked or fallen, and my heart sunk within me as I heard' the thud of the horse behind me, and felt Bayard leaving off?pulling ;,aisure sign that he h'ac had niearylenough of it. He was still going pretty 'feely, but'I felt sure the next half mile would abouit settle'niacindaice. Two jumps from home, and about half a mile from the winning post, Comet was along side of Bayard, and m a second was past me, the jockey, with a- grin, saying-' I've got you,'young 'un,' as !he: swept awaf 'twards the next jump, which was a stiff'idg'lne: about foiir-foot-ten,' a very'nasty'thihg'to try after such a severe race. I watched him send his' "horse' at it in' a. moost determined style, and'I tok a slight pull on Bayard, as I knew I was out of iitSf Conietg6t 6ver` To minyjoy the horse deliberately baulked, and his'rider tuined'hii rbuincfor afresh'attemnit:2 In a inoment I gave'Bayidl his hekd, iandrfiried hiiinr'ight' at i~', arid i, the ,iext oniom t 'wi i'we ?ere blioth"over'iani both ohnthe ground the other, side. I was'up iin an instanit;, s was mhoing ise,"`ai d otbhavlnglet'o the reins, I.ws' "ihbnited'iud'off it se'icbndafter a glance' backwardi 'as"boon as' I ::had settled nimself:iii the saddle: This glaiice; how'eder, showed me'' that' Comet ~itill ::declined to try the timbei',,iior coiuld 'he `be'got over ftall that day. The pace for tmIfiletwols had been too'warm for him,l bo soimiething had ihteirfere'd with his temper ; aiyhow,~whe'wAi disposed of for the remainder,0f the race, but Don Pedro was coming very fast, and threat ened to beat the pair of us unless' I could keep Bayard going and clear the next jump, which was only a small three-foot hurdle. 'Keep it up, old man,' I shouted, patting him instinctively,;as another shout told me the Don, had cleared' the, logs, ,but by this time Iwas. close'to the-.hurdle, my, horse nearly done andgoing.all abroad., It was use less me trying to lift him over the fence, so I sent, hjim strgight,atit,.and 'he-old fellow sent it flying into smithereens witli his chest, and we were iii lie stiigh; "ti'iDdin nearing me every stride.,! The. straight tRah a very short run, and (if- 'ever a..man aid horse worked :to get to the winning post we did, and when.it was passed Ihad not the'slightest ideaas to gwho' was, the winner,, so; close were we together, and; as we ille up Jim said- . 'I think I've lick'ed you, George, and I'm sorry'for lit'b'ut 'I' was biound"to wwin if I could. "I'' had"? a 'insty fall it th'e 'bik, and thoughtIwais out of it;', bit iwhen Isaw Comet -baulk, I thought I could come fast'in6ugh to lead. you at the finish,' . But he was wron:g.' ' The judge's deciiob n was' Bayard by a short 'head, and if'ever'a nian was elevated to the s6enth hheaven'bfof happiness, it was yours truly. ' - STwo moithi? afterwardsLizzi'adiI' were married, the old eintleinanrasking 'me'a aa favor to sell him Bayard. I didn't; Igave the horse to himn, and many a race the old fellow won afterwards, I can tell you, but, of course, he came into my possession when the old man died and left us everything. That was some, of hi progeny you, saw m ;the stable this morning, and that was how I won a: 'ife and a steeplechase. , ' ,, 