FROM DAWN TO SUNSET. A STORY IN THREE PARTS. Bv Alaster Gueme. PART IIL— NIGHT. CHAPTER THE FIRST. ' I will come,' cried Deborah. ' Send Cole man to father. I will speak to her.' Beautiful, pitiful, Deborah appeared in her long black robes to die vision of the dying woman, bending down to her. She was an old, old woman, with wild and wintry hair ; death in her face, but life in her great burning eyes, and those were fixed upon Deborah. Deborah started back. It was die gipsey ! A hundred doubts and certaintiesnishedsurgingtoljer brain. The gipsey beckoned her nearer. 'Speak to her,' whispered old Marjory emphatically. ' Go nearer. And dien Marjory standing by guant and grim, waved die other . servants away. ?Deborah kneeled and beat her ear to the dying woman's lips. * Girl,1 said die faint voice, * I forgive and forget ! Let me die like a woman, not like a dog. I am thy mother's mother, an' I have been round day and night to seek thee. She cast me off— Kate Shaw, thy mother. Because she was my Lady Flem ing, she forgot her old mother. I was dirt under her feet Thy servants turned me off, Mistress. But take me into your grand house an' let mefdie in peace.' Deborah rosed to her feet, and turned like a ghost on Marjory. * Nurse,' she whispered, * is this my grandmother ?' ? Yes, Mistress Deborah ; it is true.' . Then Deborah beckoned to the men, and bid diem bear the dying woman in and lay her on abed; And dien Deborah, with Marjory pn |he other side, sat down beside her. She sfeemed almost gone ; the breath came labour jnfe.- Bat the breeze diat swept in at die open windows seemed to revive her. It blew on the long white locks straggling across the brow ; on those glazing eyes, so dark sunken, piteous— eyes diat burned up again, and sought Deborah's face as die embers of a dying fire flicker tip and throw into die room an unexpec ted lisht * My girl,' she said, 'if Kate had been like thee! Hark ! I hated, an' yet I always loved thee ! Thozidstm-'ei ha' treated me lik a dog. An', ah me ! I loved her like my soul !' ' Grandmother,' answered Deborah sweetly and with a clear utterance, that pierced to die dying ears, ' my mother loved you. Only die other day I heard diat great as she was, she never forgot you, even in her dreams. Day and night she thought of you ; but her promise to her husband kept her from you, though she pined to. see you once again. Oh, be merciful dien ! Forgive her ! You are now going to meet again. O forgive her ! diat God may let ye atteet in heaven !' The great eyes stirred not from Deborah's face. * Shall I win to heaven, lass ? Speak to me o' heaven.' And Deborah described to her that beautiful place, diat land glorious with promise and with bliss, diat 'eye hath not seen, nor heart of man conceived. ' The dying gipsy listened with her soul in her eyes. Then said she, very faintly : * I am goin*. O Jesus, let me come ! O Kate— my Kate ?' Then, with wonderful sudden life and fire : ' Hi ! you, my lass? Where's die boy? die rogue — 'wild Charlie' diey called him. Where's he ? * In Ireland. Gone to fight for the Irish, grandmother.' She laughed exultantly. 'Why, I tell thee why— his mother was Irish, an' he knew it Mad boy, mad boy !' Deborah laid her white hand on die old brown trembling hand, and smiled. She watched to see again and again a.strange look of Charlie in diat faded face and those large and wistful eyes. A great new-bqm love was flooding Deborah's heart for die dying vagrant But death was taking die wanderer away. ' O Jesus, let me come !' l Deborah heard her say again. The fire died out ; die flame sank low : die embers of life just smouldered, nothing more. The fresh wind blew in vain on die old wild gipsy face. She was gone. Scarcely had Katharine Shaw been laid in her grave when Sir Vincent Fleming, became very ill -so ill, diat Deborah despatched a letter her to make known die fact to Charlie at once. But Mistress Fleming had started for Dublin ; and tiiis is how it befell. One morning a letter came to her. She often received such ; but this one bad cost her a laugh and a cry of joy. Just as she was in the perusal, old Jordan entered, and stared in wonderment at die at the glorigus happiness of her face. ' Why, my maid,' he said. ' what hast got diere ? It's naught but paper, is it ?' ' 'No, dad ; but something writ upon it Father,' she said, and rose and slid die beauti ful arm around bis neck, ' haven't I been a good daughter to the ? Proud and pursed up with mine own conceit, die lads o' the village have always called me. But, father, ' ' Mistress Dinnage' has been a good, daughter unto diee?' ' Ay, ay, lass, thou bast ! What wouldst be comin' at ? What ails the now, Mistress ?' ' Why, I come to ask thy blessings on me. Don't looked scared, father; no shame will ever fall on thee through Mistress Dinnage. But I will out with it, for I can never beat about the bush. Father, I am Charles Flem ing's lawful wife !' Jordan seized die child by die shoulders, and his old grotesque visage grew dignified and terribly stern in its earnestness as he almost shrieked : ' Not — not unbenown to die Master — an' Mistress Deborah !' ' Unbeknown diat we are wedded, but not diat we love, father. Mistress Deborah has known and wished it long ; and Sir Vincent — he has seen us twice togedier, father, when we were walking secredy, an' has smiled on us. Mistress Deborah has heard him say a hundred time diat he would fain, if he had wealth, have for his daughter-in-law an ' honest poor man's child.' So father, dear father, ye must not be angered. * Child, child ! thou'st done wrong in keepin' it hid. Married ? What married? Honestly ?' *Ay,' was the prond answer. 'Charles Fleming and Margaret Dinnage went to Dax ford church, and were wed ; we came out man and wife. Ask Master Rawdon. Father, he's in Ireland ; but its kept secret from all but Mistress Deborah. He's gone soldiering, father ; and in this letter he asks me to go. Father, I am his wife !' 'Ay, an' Jordan's daughter, Meg,' said the old man brokenly. ' Fm a'most dazed. And diou'rt goni* to leave the old man alone — alone !' ' Only for a little time, father —a little, little time ; for soon Charlie, when all die treble's over, will come home to Enderby. It's all ar ranged between Lady Deb and me. A fine home-comin' it'll be, an' it please die Master Dinnage ! Father, I won't go for long, dear. But o' nights, tiiinkra' o' Charlie, I well nigh go distraught There is danger, father, as thou know'st ! Hundreds o* men are slain. I must be there. I must go, dear ; but I won't -be long.' 'Go, go!, muttered Jordan irefully. Thoud'staUns the bit at ween thy teeth, Mistress Dinnage ; so had thy poor dear mother. Go along ! I've no need o' diee ; yon brave young fellow hath. Thou'lt be killed next, girl, Vjllf*, ay, an* wus than killed, at die hands o* die wild Irish. But, go, go! I don't want diee here.' Anger, pride, and sorrow struggled fiercely in die brave old heart ; but * Mistress Dinnage' knew bow to take him. ' Father she said, re garding him, with her head slightly on one side, and her bands playing nervously with her apron, inner earnest pleading, 'if thou wert newly wed, an' so parted nun mother by land an* sea — an' she in trouble, needin' diee sore — thou'dst wade through fire an' water, only to win to her. My heart is broke in twain 'tween diee both — one half is at home with diee, an' die other gone to Charlie. Though I don't speak or cry, my heart is wounded with every man that's killed, an' trouble wears me sore. Think of mother, my father ! Think when thou wert first wed, what it would be for one to part thee— think o' it an' bid me go !' So Mistress Margaret won die day. 