POLICE COURT. I Tuesday. . Before Mr. W. A. Bvrne, J.1J. William Parkinson and Denis Maguire were charged by Constable Kennedy with bathing in the reservoir. They pleaded guilty, and were fined 20/- and costs of court. Mitchell Avery was charged by Constable Kelly with usins; profane language in Albert . rark, ana was lined 10/- and costs ol court. Before Messrs. W. A. Byrne and James Simpson, J.P/ Brown v. Le Sueur. Assault. Mr. Healy, for complainant, stated that defendant had caused a disagreement be tween plaintiff and his wife and had assaulted him. William Brown, on oath, stated : I am in the employ of Mr. Solomon of the Albion Hotel ; for some time past, as well as on Thursday morning lust, defendant has been visiting my place against my wish ; on Tues day my wife was starting to Sydney ; when I went to tako my children, I met defendant coming from my place ; defendant turned back and while I was putting one of the children in the buggy, he struck me and knocked rne down he knocked me down three or four times ; defendant threatened previously to give trie a hiding. To Defendant: You came to my house after I ordered you not to come. To the Bench : My wife was present when defendant struck me. Sarah Heaver, on oath, stated : I know the parti's in this case ; I have seen defend ant going to plaintiff's house when on his rounds with the baker's cart; I saw him on Thursday ; I saw Brown putting the children in the buggy, and defendant was trying to take them out ; I saw defendant strike Brown ; did not see the first of the quarrel. To Defendant : I heard you ask Brown to hand you the children out of the buggy. Elizabeth Hume, on oath, stated : I live in the two front rooms of the same house as Brown. To Defendant : I saw you pass Brown's on Tuesday morning, when you said 'Good morning.' Mr, O'Donnell here announced that he ap peared for defendant, and after the evidence already given ha«l been read over, William Brown, recalled, examined by Mr. O'Donnell, stated : The evidence given by me is right in every particular, I swear that defendant, and not my wife, gave me the black eye ; defendant struck the first blow. Mrs. Heaver, recalled and examined by Mr. O'Donnell, stated : I stood by and saw defendant strike Brown two or three times. Joseph Le Sueur, on oath, stated : I passed Brown's place on Tuesday coming from the brewery; I bade him ' Good morning;' on Thursday, Mrs. Brown came to Mr. Harpley's and wanted to see me ; she told me that if I did not send Brown a lawyer's letter for accusing me of wronging him I I was no man ; 1 then went on my rounds with the baker's cart, and when coming from the brewery I met Brown; I asked him to stop, but he would not d i so ; I then went back for the purpose of asking him what he had been saying about me ; he was dragging a child from his wife ; my reason for interfering was the brutal manner in which he was treating the child. To Mr. Healy: It is not a fact that I 'struck Brown while having the child in his arms; I went to Brown's house in his absence before he warned me to keep away. Mrs. Hume, recalled, by the Bench, stated : I did not see tbe first of the row ; I do not know who struck the first blow. Wftrv M'Evnr. nn nnt.Vi ' st.nt.oil ? T an tit Le Sueur at Browns's on Thursday ; I saw Brown striking at Le Sueur, and heard Le Sueur ask Brown to put up his hands ; they then closed and fell ; I then went in and did not see any more. Elizabeth Gillman, on oath, stated : I saw the defendant trying to take the child from Brown : that was all I saw. Mr. O'Donnell addressed the Bench on behalf of his client ; and Mr. Healy replied. After carefully considering the evidence, their Worships agreed that the assault had been proved, and fined defendant £5, with the alternative of two months in Yass gaol ; and allowed professional costs and costs of court— in all £6/15/4. Cullinga.— Mr. P. J. Cheffins, the very courteous road superintendent of the Young district, sends the following letter in reference to the road from Cullinga to Wal lendbeen and the road near Mr. Bennison's in the town of Wallendbeen ' Roads office, Young, November 17, 1884. Sir,— In reply to your letter respecting the road from Cullinga to Wallendbeen, jL beg to say I have just received tenders for clearing part of this road ; also for cutting down and forming the hill near Mr. Bennison's, on road Wallend been to Murrumburrah. I shall be very pleased to do at all times what I can to meet your wishes, when it lays in my power. — Believe me, &c.;, P. J. Cheffins, Road Superintendent. Mr. Thomas Bragg, hon. sec. Wallendbeen Vigilance Committee.' Private Match.— A match for £20 aside was run on the Murrumburrah race- course, on Saturday afternoon, between Mr. David Reid's gray horse The Ghost and Mr. J. Ryan's black mare Gipsy Girl. The gray seemed to be the favourite, and a consider able amount of money was freely laid. Mr. Ward, the starter, sent the two horses away on very even terms. The gray immediately took the lead { but, when going up the hill, Gipsy Girl got up evenly with him, and the two ran side by side till tho top of the hill was reached. When going down the hill Tho Ghost again took the lead, and main tained bis superiority, passing the pout an easy winner. The distance was one mile. Great interost was taken in the event, and there wore fully 200 porsons present. 