SELECTED POETRY. THE WHITE MOUNTAINS. By J. G. Whittier. [The Indians supposed that these mountains were the residence of some powerful spirits, and in conse quence never ascended them ] Grey Bearctaer of the upper air, There's sunshine oe thy ancient walla, A crown upon thy forehead bare, A flash upon thy waterfalls, A rainbow glory in the cloud Upon thine awtul summit bowed, 3 he radiant ghost of a dead storm I And music from the leafy shroud 'Which swathes in green thy giant form, Mellowed and softened from above, Steals downward to the lowland ear. Sweet as the first fond dream of love That melts upon the maiden's ear. The time has been, white giant, when Thy shadows veiled the red man's home, And over crag and Eerpent den, And wild gorge where the steps of men In chase or battle might not come, The mountain esgle bore on high 3 be emblem of the free of soul, Aud, midway in the fearful sky, Sent bark the Indian battle-cry. And answered to the thunder's roll. The wigwam fires have ail burned oat, The mocaisis has left no track; Hor wolf nor panther roams abont The Saco and the Merrimack. And thou that lit test up on high' Thy mighty baniera io the sky, Are not the haunted mound of old, Where t n each orag of hiast-.d stone Berne dreadful spirit fonnd bis throne. And hid within the tbick cloud fold, Heard only in the thunder's crash, Seen only in the lightning's flashj When cmmpled rock and riveu branc'i Went down before the avalanche! Ho more that spirit moveth there; 1 The dwellers of the vale are dead; Ho hunter's arrow cleaves the air; Ho dry leaf rustles to his tread. 7he pale-face climbs thy tallest rock, His bands tby crystal gates unlock; From steep to steep bis maidens call, Light laughing, light the streams that fail In music down thy rocky war I, And only when their careless tread Lai s bare an Indian arrow-head, Spent and forgetful of the deer. Think of the race that perished here. 6b, sacred to the Indian seer. Grey altar of the men of old 1 Hct vainly to the listening ear The legends of thy past are told— Tales of the downward sweeping flood, When bowed like reads tby ancient wood ] Of armed bands, and snectral forms; Of giants in their leafy shtoud, And voices calling long and load In the dreed pauses of tby storms. For still within their caverned home Du ell the strange gods of heathendom 