Caulfield Training Notes. The Caulfield course at the present time is in splendid going order, the ground being beautifully soft, but its sandy nature renders it a little slow. About forty horses are in traininsr at the present time, under the care of F. Lene, T. Jones, Hey wood; Haines, and Dan Robinson, but out of the lot none if the animals are likely to furnish Newmarket Handicap or Australian. Cup winners. Very little fast work has yet been indulged in, and on Thursday morning trainers did not put in an api#earance until:, long . after the sun had risen above the " horizon. The morning being very warm, slow work only was1: indulged in. Calma and Chuckster were absentees from the track where they have figured . in the pact so prominently. TTi y have for the present been thrown out of work. The early beginuers 'were Sung and Coiiolanus. The first-named is apparently in great fig. He was treated to lo«g slow work, and was then sunt a fast mile. Coriolauus followed suit. Euclid and Precious Stone were long slow exercise. Welcome Jack, St. Lawrence, and Jackdaw cantered, and were t then sent along at a bat for five , Lawrence anl Welcome .Tack gether; but the first-named c.riM Imve lett nis companion bad his rider hked. da» wife lengths bohtnd the pkir. and Waterloo appeared Upon the O'Brien being up on the mare, who is toofaflg remarkably well. He cantered her or a and a half, and sent her along for half a miia fad. The mare extended herself .remarkably . well, but was not anxious to go any further at the finish. Waterloo is a handeome lor.k- : ing colt, but he fretted "very much , when doing the slow work prescribed for . hini by his trainer, Hey wood, who j then oriiefed him a half-mile 1 gallop. Yately did the hardest work of the morning, he being sent two miles. The gallop was a good oii&i; but at tbe finish the Rrcfy was a bit abroad, and had evidently had. enough of it. Merry Maid and Bethnal Green did a good mile, this being the finishing touch for the Frankston races, which take place to-day. Petrel also indulged in a good gallop. Euclid, about whom there have been rumours of lameness, looked well, and did slow work ; whilst two other likely, animals, Camerine and Precious Stone, did likewise. It is not probable that any of these horses will be treated to fast work before Saturday, when the hiirdle.S on the cteurse proper will be re moved. David did gentle exercise, and so did Robinson's string. C/ne of the number threw his rider, and cleared out. The Ghost, looking remarkably well, did likewise a few minutes afterwards, and having covered half a mile round the course, went through the gates and off to his stable. Ontario aud a number df cross-country horses were treated to long slow work. 