AN HISTORICAL GHOST. Mr. _ J. W. Rusden in the second volume (page 44) of his " History of Australia" giveB the following particulars of a ghost that acted the part of a detec- tive iu Sidney many years ago, and was instrumental in leading to the detection and execution of a murderer : — A case which was tried in 1827 was seriously considered in every household in the colony ; and perhaps deserves to be chronicled. Frederick Fisher, an eman cipist, lived at Campbell Town in the same house with one George Worrell. In July 182C, Fisher's sudden diaappearance was made known. No inquiry was in stituted, aud it was suggested that as the man had only a conditional pardoD, not available in England, he had gone there clandestinely, as other men were known to have gone. About ten days after he had disappeared, Worrell assumed possession of all Fisher's property, and iu various ways bioted that Fisher had left the colony. He sold Fisher's horses, and received money due to Fisher from neighbours. Ooe of the witnesses, Samuel Hopkins, swore that no inquiry at all was " set ou foot abont Fisher's disappearance." ' A terrified man, named Farley startled the neighbourhood by declaring, in October 1826, that he had seen Fisheris ghost on a fence at the corner of a paddock that had belonged to Fisher, and about fifty yards from Worrell's house. His story was told to a magistrate. A constable was sent for. Two native blacks- aristed in the search. Blood was on the rail where Farlev saw. or thought he saw. the ghost. Id tiie direction in wMch the vision had pointed, the black, Gilbert (according to the constable's evidence), went into a water-hole (or pool), and took a coniBtrik, whichhe passed over the surface of the water, and pntit to his nose, and said he"smelttfaefatofa white man." The blacks led the constable np the creek till they came to another creek, and went up that for about forty rods, when a black mau put a rod into the ground and said, " there's something here.'" There a body was found, and was identified as Fisher's. Worrell was apprehended and at first endeavoured to throw tiie crime npon four men living on his farm. At the trial no evidence was admitted as to the virion seen by Farley ; but it is im possible for men, even when charged by a Judge, to exclude from their minds what seemed to them por tentous. The Beizore of Fisher's property, however, by Worrell ; the finding on land in Mb occupancy of the dead body of the man who, according to Worrell's state ments, had gone away ; the conflicting tales he told after the body was found ; were, perhaps, circumstantial enough. Worrell was found guilty, confessed his crime, aud was hanged on the 5th February, 1S27, three days after con viction. The story has often been told erroneously, and has been woven into fiction. These facts are compiled from the notes of CMef Justice Forbes, who presided at the trial ; with the exception of the references to the apparition, which, although it led to the search for Fisher's body, could not be alluded to in a Court of Justice, nor be adduced as evidence. Nothing was ever elicited to account for the virion which Farley described, or to suggest that he previously suspected foul play on the part of Worrell or others. 