HAROLD VANE'S DREAM- T h is new temperance drama, for the roduction of which preparations Ccing made, is the Work of tlic irtte H. Clifford, and furnishes a conclusive example of tlic power of intoxicants over human sense and reason. The author started to fight the battle of life with the greatest bodily strength and vigour, a mind enriched by learning and. trnVcl, and an intellect that should have raised him to the highest honours ; in fact, with advantages such as few possess. Yet his life was a failure, his death a tragedy'. The reason — the drinking of one glass of brandy, to quote his own words to a friend, who asked hnn if he remembered his first glass and the reason for his taking it. He said, “ Ho I remember my first glass, and why I took it ? I do. I was not happv at home (though newly married). J. wcut out, met a friend, who said, ‘Come and have a drink, old boy.’ I had a drink, my'first brandy. My God! you ask me, vie, with my ruined fife and broken heart, if I remember my' first glass. I say rgain. 1 do; I can feel the accursed day and dale, written in letters of flame on the tablet of my brain. Hut here, I say, this won’t do. Come and have a drink.” Step by stephe fell, his life a series of misfortunes and miseries such as seldom full to the lot of one man; utterly ruiued and utmost mad, still holding his own against younger men in the profession to which lie devoted himself. Even here, fate or the devil, seemed ever at his elbow, urging him on to further degradation, for in the last character he assumed he played the part of witness at an inquest held on the body of a man wbo committed suicide, witli narcotic poisou, through drink; and more than one person will long remember the ring of sadness with which his last line was spoken. (“ Strange, I never before heard tlic step n|wn the Ghost’s W alk so plainly as I do to-night. “ Jo," Act 2, scene 3.) Then came (he end. Drink, poison, death. And all that remains of tlic rerkiis the wretched drunkard’s pitiful dream of what might have been. “ Harold Vane’s Dream, or Saved from tho Fire,” is entirely’ free from coarseness of any’ sort. The language is good, and the moral unexceptionable. It consists of a prologue and four acts. The prologue — J’he happy’ homo of Harold Vane, the happy family, sleep, n living picture of raith, Hope, and Charity, and tlic dream, winch runs through the four nets 'o the picture at the end of the last act. Hie whole is worked out as only a master hand could work it. The public will have an early' opportunity of judging for themselves. In the meantime wc wish he piece every success which g re a t ffort for a good cause deserves. fCoKTninnTisn.] 