JACK FLYNN'S STORY. By R. P. WHIT WORTH. "I uon't know," said JnekFlynri, slowly, ns ho thoughtfully pressed the tobacCo down into his pipo with the (.nd of a blnck horny finger, " I do not know tlint I do know much of 8 yarn, not to cull it a yarn, seeuv α-i now spinuin' yarna is a lino of busineas as I've never paid much attention to, but if you don't mind, why I don't mind,, telling yov about the bluest, fright I ever got in my life, liat befora I begin I want to know floes ady vt you cha-js telievo in eperrit3? I don't mean sperrits to drinl;, 'cos 1 know roost on you docs that, but. I do mean reni right down sperrits o£ <3ei(3 people, ghosts, you know. Tho men looked uneasily at each other,' but no one spoke. "Very well," Jack cbntiaued, "then I'll say as you don't or you do, i?s the cane may be. I don't, leastways, I didn't until— but that's tlio yarn. Most on you knows the Maneroo plains. I mean that patt of the Manerooabeut tho Snovry River and there abouts." There wa-* a general mcrmnr of awent, and Jack went on : " I was d?wn there in sixty-two, a kind of knock-about-maa on old Allen's station, and a rough time I had of it in tham days, you maybe;. Just about then, you may remem ber, tho Araluen diggings, away up to the' north'ard, were giving out, and the number of nwagmen we hr.d making theii' way over to CWppeland was & caution to snakoa. Of course there were some good men among 'em; but, taken altogether, them Araluon diggers—leastways, those of 'em who mime our way—wero jii3t about tho worst lot I ever set eyes on. They seotued In rue to bo the very sWMm'ngs o& Australia. Sponge and cadge of couMO they did, and you couldn't much blame men who were right down on the bed rock for that; but steal, by gosh! they were the biggest thieves uahung. No thing came amiss to "em. Nothing was too hot or too heavy; and I tell you, it needed yon to keep your eyes skinned when any of 'em were round; and, as Homo of 'em gene rally were round; we'd n lively time of. it, you may guess. Well, one day, just baforo sundown, I was standing talking to Audy Carr, the men's oook, when v.c aaw, coming over tho rise, two O£ course, wo thought they were coining down to ask to atop in the hut 3 for the night, as usual; but, to my surprise, when they caw us, they turned ol? from tho track into a little patch of scrub, and thero they camped. At the distance when they turned away, we could neither of v: make 'cm out very distinct])*; but I had aharp eyes in them days, and I could see that one of 'c-m w.ii a little bl.tcl'-a-vised chap, with a moustache and a goatee beard; the other was yoiingcr, and had light heir and no beard. I couldn't toll why, but it stjemed to mc that he turned pale like when 'he caught sight of us, and that tho other spoke to him sharply; then, as I said, they turned off sharp into the bush. "' I don't half like the looks of those chapa, , said I to Andy ; ' it looks to tno as if they were after no good. , '"Well, mate, , says Andy, lau?bing, 1 they won't tind much, to collar here; tho last lot nearly cleaned us out, but I'll keep a bright lookout. , " But they didn't trouble ua. They made ft fire, boiled .their billy, and when I left tho hnt they had, so far as wo could see, wrapped themselves up in their blankets, and gone to sleep. I started away for the house, as I used to bunk in the kitchen ; but somehow I couldn't Ret them chaps out o' my mind. When I got to the house I told Mr. Bell, the super., but hr> laughed at mc, and told mo to go to bod. So I did, but I couldn't sleep. ' I'll have a peep at them chaps if I die for it,' says I to myself; so up I yets, puts on my clothes, and slips out. Ii wai half moon, f.nd from where I stood on a bit of a rise I could see the gleam of their ike through the trees. I dodged round the back of the houso into a belt of scrub, and crossing the track behind the rise, got into tho bush on tho other side. After that it was easy enough—l soon reached the patch of scrub w'liera they were camped. I was too far off to hear what they said very plainly, for they were talking; but I heard one call the other a fool, and it teemed to mc the other wan crying. I listened, but could only make out something like ' doublo back— cros3 track.' The one who was talkin? had a rough harsh voico that I fancied I'd heard before somewhere, but couldn't tell where. At any rate thinks I, ' I'll know it again wherever I hoar it,' and away I stolo back to bed. " Next morning I was down at tho cook's hut, and there, auro enough, the two men were still at their camp having breakfast. By-and-byo they packed up their swags, and passing the hut at a little distance, went oil along the South road. I tried to get a better look at 'em, but they'd both <;ot their billy cocke pulled low down, and I couldn't see much of 'em. I did see, however, that tho youn? fellow looked uneasy, and as if he was trembling with fright. "'lf those two blokes ain't been up to something, or are going to bo up to some thing, I'm a Dutchman,' said I to Andy Carr, but he only laughed in his quiet way, and said I waa always a flndin' out some mare's neat or other. " I aaid nothing, but took a quiet walk to where the men had camped. There was nothing there but tho ashes of Iho fire, and I turned away, wondering what made, mo so dubious about them. Hallo ! what was that lying under tho grass tussock there; ? A knife, a common wooden-handled sailors.' sheath knife. I picked it up, i:ed examined it. Nothing particular, except that it had tho two lettere J.S. roughly cut into the hait, and that tho point was broken oil. Lord 1 mates, of what little things the big things of this world are made up. I was nearly throw ing it down again as worthless, and if I had —whew t " Later that day carno another party of awagmen from tho North. They called at the hut, and enquired if we had seen a party of three pass lately. They were surprised when we told them about the two men we had seen, and still more surprised when I described them, and showed them tho knifo I had found. ? . "'That's Joe Steel's knife,' said one of them. ' I know it well. I had it in my hand only three or Tour days since, cutting up tobacoo. But tho point wasn't broken off then, bo far as I, recollect. But where the deuce has Phil, bovine got to ? He Started with them, or was to do, anyway 1 The swagmen went on their way, and I kept tho knife, why I hardly know, but I did!' and iii the business of tho station tho matter almost paused out out of my mind. Almost. But thut samo night a curioua thing hap- Standing on the rerandoli, I thought I aaw a figure suddenly dart acronn the road from below tho hvt, into tho thick scrub. J don't know what possessed mc, but I followed leisurely in tho direction of tiie Ir.st night's camp, I could ecu nothing, hear nothing, end on reaching the camp I was about to go back, ftincvint,' my oyes hod deceived mc. Nothing, aid I say ? But, by George, there wae something. Somebody had been there before mc. The ashos of tho iire had been I raked up, and still bore tha marks of the i scratching of huma.u fingers. I stood still and listened. Not a sound, not even the falling Of a leaf. I coceyed. No Answer. I searched the bushes, but could find no trace, ! .evi'ri of a trodden tussock or a broken bransh. AUwas still, silent ss death. . " Now comes the pert of my story, and those who don't beliove it can—do the ! other thing. For my part, I say and swear that it is true, unmistakably, literally, true, I every word of it. " About a week after I had found tho knife, and by this timo I had nearly forgotten aM about tho wliolo niTair, I was Bent out to find out iho camp of a mob of stray cattle that I had not been scon for some days. I mounted my brown maro Jots, took with mc a sharp little collie slut that I had trained to track cattle, and away I darted. Piwfc I went Fouth, but could find no trace ; then I struck off for the westward, and after hours of scrambling up and down tho rugged spurs and gullies of that rough country, was fain to give it up in that direction. Keeping northward along the foot of the range, I soon found myc-eif in & part of the country of which I knew next to nothing. It was a wild, ixru'ob? place, the lasS in which to find a cattle camp, nnd yet I persevered. I knew t'r.eco were & valuable let, and as I hr.d often staid that with my dog I could hunt thn beg sars out anywhere, I.felt my reputation at stake, and determined to find tho beasts, even if 1 had to camp out for it. HtrsUy heeding where I went, I travelled on nntil nightfall, but, as I knew tho moon, which was now in her third quarter, would risd soon, I kept on my routo. After a time I got my?elf, I hnow not how, into a thick tanglo of low Bcrub nnd open forest, which seenied to stretch on for miles. I was as one in a droain, and rode slov/ly forward, almost unconscious of where I was going. The moon had risen, and her pale light showed mo at a little distance a clump of thick timber, and into this I rode boldly. Then, and not till then, I realised that I did not know where I was, that, in fact, I wa3 bushed, and to make matters worse, whilst I was in the very thick of it, a cloud suddenly covered tho moon. Siill I rodo a iittla further, until right in tho very heart of the forest I came to a swamp. Go ing back was useless; going forward impos sible ; so I leisurely took oil the saddle and prepared to camp. To my astonishment iay mare was bathed in a foam of perspiration, and was trembling in every limb like an aspen loaf. Just then, too, my dog, which I noliced had crouohod olosu to my feet when I dis mounted, let out a long, dismal, unearthly howl, the liko of which I had never heard be fore, and which seemed to echo and ro-ccho through the bush. I felt a queer sensation of awe and terror creep over mo, my hair stif fened on my head, and I could feol my heart knocking against my ribs at a fearful rate. " What was it ? What was it ? I appeared to be in a disui&l; black pit, surrounded by a ring of grinning, gibing skeletons. I knew the3o were but the white steins of the swamp gums, and yet I was afraid oven to look round, for fear I should see something that should blast my very eyeballs. My horse wa3 trembling more violently than ever, and my dog, still crouched at my feet, howled long and loud, and more dismally than before. I seemed to ba gifted with a second senso of sight, for although tho moon was still clouded, I could see everything before mo, tho black reedy swamp, tho white gums, the waving tree tops beyond. Everything. "A third timo tho dog howled, and this time so wildly, so weirdly, that I feU as if I should sink into the ground with horror. But what was that. Was it fact or was it fancy ? I dared not look, and yet I could neither turn my head nor close my eyes. " There, right before mc, not twenty yards away, I saw, as it wero, a mist slowly rise from the stagnant; swamp ; slowly ib grow on my sight, slowly it formed itself into a pal pable vdiape, the figure of a human being, of a man, pale of face, but with a long brown beard sweeping over its breast, the breast on which wag a dark lurid mark from which welled a red stream. Slowly, oh, so slowly, its features became clearer and clearer, until they wero burned into my very brain. Slowly it lifted its hand, and then with a curious waving circular motion, pointed downward to the spot, on which it seemed to stand, and then as slowly as it had grown into sight and form, melted away, first into mist, then into impalpabls air. '? Not until it had vanished could I move. Not a step. Not a movement of a limb. But when it had gone, the spell was broken. I uttored a scream, and lied the accursed spot, I knew nor recked not whither. All I know is that I fled, lied, until I fell down from sheer exhaustion, and became insensible. " When I camo to myself I found mysolf in my own bunk. They told mc they had missed mc from the station, had sent out all hands to search for mo, and had found mo about a couple of miles north of the house, lying near an old forgotten track into tho back country a quarter of a milo from tho road. That I had had a severe attack of brain foyer, in which I had raved wildly about tho spirit in the swamp, but that they could make neither head nor tuil of what I meant. My horso had been found standing over mc where they sup posed I had fallen from his back, and it was through the. howling and yelping of my dog thet they had been guided to where I lay. "And now," said Jack Flyun," after that do you believe in ghosts ? No ! Very well then, I'll tell you tho finish. As I'm a living man, whether it was brain fever or not, or whether I dreamt it or not, the skeleton of a man was afterwards found in that very 3wamp, and stuck hard and fast into the breast-bone was a bit of steel which exactly fitted the broken point of the knife I had in my possession. Through the few words I had heard let drop about doubling back and cross track, I had been able to lay the police on tho man suspected, and to cut the story short, ho was hanged at batlinghuist on the eworn testimony of myself and others who know him better than I did. His mate, who was a faint- hearted, soft-headed sort of a chap after all, turned Queen's evidenco to save hi 3 neck, and what became of him I don't remember. They culled it brain fever ; you boys may call it what you like. I call it a true story of a bonu/uU ghost. A novel is being written in England by nine different persons, the objeot being to give individuality to each character. It is Htatod on competent French authority that Irish women have tho moat beautiful hands in tho world. The next prettiest como from l'oland. \'" v \\\ x ??. ?? \ ? VA \ ' Tub rnunieipal schools in * Paris nro now visited regularly twice a month by medical inspectors, who are also required to attend in urgent cases. It ia hoped by these means to limit the spread oi contagious diseases. Ther!o ero 12C> of these doctor?, and thoyrecoivo SIGO a year each. 