WHEN WE TWO PARTED. By SABAH DOUDNEY, Author of ' A Woman's Glory,' &c.; (Published bf special arrangement with the author. All rights reser?el.l ' When we two partad In silence and tears, Half broken-hearted. To sever for years.'— Braox, Chai-ieu XXL— 'Back, with the Qciet Fa-eof Yoke.' Mr, Berrick had gone his way, leaving lijdia to the care of Nancy, and fceli ig that he had acquitted himself as badly as he pos sibly could. He bad hastened to Elen Cottage at an hour when he know that Lydta would bs at home, intending to prepare her as well as he enrrff) fni* T.hft afrnp.lr nf a frrnaf imr nftthu threshold of the door he had encountered Nancy, had asked where her mistress was, and had been told that she was in the garden. Unheeding the girl's efforts to detain him, he had hurried past her, aad had come euddenlyupon Ljdia in the arms of her new lover. Her bob- lover! And ho had left Djvil (tfce mere wreck of his former self) sitting with his mother in the eld parlor behind the shop. As Mr. Berrick walked homeward he almost wondered whether the startling events cf that stracge day could possibly be real ! He was a man who had lived the quietest and most uneventful of lives. Nothing in the shape of adventure had ever hapoened to him from his youth onwards. He hai had sor rows and lost children early in his msrriod daje, but the greatest grief had come upon him iato in life. He had nerved himself to bear it ; he had done his best to sustain his vife under her terrible blow ; and now it w proved that the anguish was all wasted. His son had never died. To the last hour of his life Jonathan Bee rick will remember that fair -lane Sunday. And bs he walked home in the gtoatninj he WJ.3 recalling all that had happened glace early morning. He was uted to the habit of rising early, and even on Sunday he did not care to in dulge too long in sleep. His wife was still tlumbtf ing when ho softly left the room, and went downstairs ; and Jane was jast begla nicg to move about in the Kitchen. A) he set his feet upon the lost stair the postman's Lncck sounded through tha house, and he went along the dim passage ta the Jetter-bji. He took the letter without glancing at the address, and retraced his stepi along tha passage, little knowing what it was that ho held in his hand. The parlor was empty and quiet ; the blind window was lifted, admitting tho summer air and the tunshine. Blrs. Berrick'a lemon and lavender plants, standing on the broad gill, fttit out their delicate perfume ; and he sud denly remembered haw David had been wont to gather a lemon leaf on Sunday mjrniQga. Ab, well ; tho Lord gave, anl the Lord had taken away, Atd then he looked at the letter. Tbe handwriting was not strings ; it was so ciu?llj like David's hand that it gave him a new pang. Very like, but fainter and feebler altogether ; yet there was a turn of the B tbat he could have declared had been mads ty his sec. But what foliy to waste time iu dreaming over an envelope addressed, per hap?, by some unknown customer ! He tore it open. '?Deer father ? ' His cjes rested on these opening words and a mist passed over hU tight, iiedcew bis hand across his face and began again. 'Bear fatter— I am afraid this will sire yon a grtat thock, but I hope yon will read ic bafore mother sees it. I was not drowsed ; the tidecirried me out to sea, and I was picked up senseless. They laidedrneoaalonelypartof tbecosrt.ssdtfieEsber men's wi\es nursed me till m j reason cams back. 1 was ill and nnconscios* for -reeka hat managed to retain jesterday to my nccle's house The old a,3i bas told you tbat I am dead. I stiall fallow ttits Utter »ith all spted I know you irtll breife the tews as geii*]y as yon cm to mother ani LjdiA.— Vonr loving son, David.' Mr. Berrick was still a strong man, bile acd hearty for his years ; but when ha had got to the end of that letter he was as weak &s; a child. He tottered across the room to the open window, and sat down on the window-seat. The 100m was going round and round, and tot a single object could be clearly seen. He called feebly to Jane for a glass of water. She came in with a frightened face, and he drank and was revived. Faint as he was, he had managed to keep a firm hold upon the letter. What it his wife should come and seize upon it, unprepared for its contents. He pulled himself together and looked hard at Jane. ' You are ill, sir,' she s&id.; '? I am not ill,' he answered steadily, ' bat I've had a great surprise. Tbe L-rd be praised, Jane! His mercy endureth for ever.' ' I think your head is bad sir, isn't it ?' Jane began, backing towards the door, in tending to call the shop-bay, who had cot yet come downstairs. ' Stop !'' said Mr. Berrick. ' You must make no stir in the house. You see this letter, Jane ? It is from my son. My eon who was thought to bs drowned.' 'Now, God help you, master,' cried Jane, in hopeless dismay. ' Keep quiet in your teat like a good soul, and majbs the tit '11 pass cff. But you'll let me jost give a call to Kobcrt ; he's Bleeping very late.' 'The girl thinks me mad,' said Mr. Berrick. 'WeD, 00 wonder! Jane, did jou know Mr. David's writing \' 'Yes, Bir, I knew it well enough.' Sie was reastured by the composed tone, aad advanced, trembling, to get a glimpBe of the letter. He let her take it into her own bands. When she looked up at him again the teats were running down her cheeks. She was a commonplace young woman, not troubled »ith deep feelings, but the Berriskshad made her home comfortable, and cared for her eld parents. There was a little grateful traction ljing at the bottom of her heart, and that letter brought it to the surface. 'My boy,' Mr. Berrick said softly; 'my boy, who wai lost, and i» found ! I must feo to his mother.' He rose, looking pallid still, but with a quiet joy in his face, and Jane heard him go tlovJj through the postage and upstairs spfcirj. Mrs. Berrick was awake now, and Uy watchirg the door with languid eyes. She had heard her husband's step, and wondered what it was that was briagUg bin back into the room. He came in, still pale, but with a smile that made her raise henelf from the pillow, and look at him in speechless amazement. What was there left on earth that could call forth that smile ? 'I have a great joy for yon, my dear,' he Mid, and came and pat his arms round her. Afterwards, he could nover remember the words in which he had told her the truth. But the shock wss not so great as he had feared, or perhaps some mysterious instinct prepared her to receive the news. She had been dreaming of David all night— dreaming that he was not dead— tnl the olesi ed dream had come trne. And then, when she had read the letter, rer thoughts flew to Lydia— Tjydia, who was wearing a black gown for David that very day. 'Don't let any one tell her suddenly,' she entreated. ' Let none ot the chapel people know. Jane must be told to keep silence.' They did not know the precise time at which they might expect David ; they only knew that he would travel as quickly as he conld. But it was a long journey ; he would oot arrive till evening, or perhaps not till Monday. They took counsel with each other, and decided on their plans for the day. At ar-y rate Lydia must not be told till the ser vices were over. She was a sensitive girl, and they must spare her nerves as mica as they possibly could ; the tidings must be very gently communicated ; David would be sorely tiitutistcl tt tots sweetheart had to meet tbe fcheck unprepared. So it wse arranged that Mr. Berrick should £0 to chape) ts usual that nnminif, savieij nothing whatever about the news he had re ctivid. His wife would stay at aomo; b-ic btr absence would excite no surprise ia taa minds cf the congregation ; ehe had been ailirg more or lees ever since the Ion of her sen. Through tho rest of the day tha old ccuple would rcmaia ia the hou;o together acd watch and wait. Mr. Berrick went to chapel, ccrncioua ot fcomt ihhg which Sir Walter S'iott has called ''a vile want of reality' ia all that he 3*id scd did, but quite unacrle to sualfue hi* ora fcelit-gs. He had never been addicted to 30lf aitiljcis, acd would hive fouad it no eisy fsi-k to study himself attentively at any tima. Vu; probably he lost nothing by neglecting to cultivate a clo?e arqtiaiatanBe witi tha ' icccrmott me ;' and ho hai always found a great deal to do in the common outsida life that went nn around him from day to day. Just at lii'&t; he knew he was taa taach dsz^i to be thankful to God for the restored gift ; but he also knew that hi» gratltuda wrmld fitd a fi'tirg expression liter on. Waea they had got over the turprise, aad hai settled down a bit, he end his old woman meant ro think cf a thank-orfe ring. He Ecarcely heard a word of the minister'* sermon. Frem his scat he could aee Lydia, fiefh and lovely as on the day whea i-**ia. had won her promise to bs his wife. Hcup little she knew that he was coming to claim that promise ! Mr. Berrick w&s; glad that har frorrow had left no deep traces on ht-rb3»uty; tcre bed alleys bfen a pensira t*;e, aad giicf fcr David had not touched it with a darker t hade. Be controlled the impulse to linger at the tfeapil door and take his intended daughter fcy the hand. He w&s; cot good at concealment, and his rjes mfebt tell her something — ho could not Uuet himself to meethergaze. Ko, he Wjuid ro home, end w⁢ p&tkntly; for tns close of ibe.dsy. Acd be did wait, keeping close to his wife'* tide and helping her to get through tha long Louts, After tbeir early dinner they went out into the trim Httle garden thit hs4 bs^n Diva's pride. They could bear to lock at hii fiowrs new, and talk about them to each other in tho eld way. Acd then they sat down on tbe beech with its back to the sunshiny wall, and cissped each other's hands as if they were joucg again, and their courting days had cnlj jast begun. : What trivial things they remembered — f.cirg back to tho time when Jonathan loved lils Ann, just as Disvid loved Lydia. They cvrn recalled a little mlsunderst&ndtDg;, which might have grown to a quarrel if Ann's bister Mary (dead long since) had not set tbe matter rigtt. They went through the simple little history of their early wedded days, aad liegcrtci over the memory of David, a rosy, crowipg baby, with a lus'y voice that could bo hi aid from the top to the bottom of the hcusc. Ae-3 David was cot dead ; lie was coming fccrce ! Occr the tea- table the; discussed the future plane ot the young couple. i-ivid could do'. bo expected to wait loDg for his bride. Taey must have a house near the shop ; bat sirs. Berrick feared it would be hard fci- LydU to give up Eden Cottage and the garden. What would the minister do V Would he go to live with his daughter in her new house ? That was a point which they coald sot desiae. Perhaps Miss Tabitha Botre would leave Pikesneld, 'and establish herself &t; the cottage as Mr, Meade's housekeeper ; but, CO, they did not think that she would consent to break up her household to please aDybjdy. Tic day wore on, asd the bells began to rirjg for eveaiDC service. Although they were net churchgoers, the lienlckj had always loved the sound of church bells ; and tbey fat listening to tho sonorous chi.ne ia silent happiness. Tbe hands of the earner clcck were point icg to seven, jast as the bells ccssed. About ten minutes went by, and then they fccatd the distant shriok of a train. ' He won't be here to-night, Ann ; we can't expect it;' said Me. Berrick, cate'diag the gleam of hope tbat shone in his wife's eyes. 'Xo-morrow, perhaps; but surely not to-Eifcht.' 'I think ha'll come to-nlg^ity' sbe answered. ' It's on my mind that I shall see him before I lay use down is my bed.' 'Don't build upon it,' her husband en treated. ' We must make up our minds to see him changed,' she went on. ' He must havj had a bad illness. He'll 4je thinner, Ji-na;ban; cow that I think of it he looked thinner Then I saw him in my dream.' There was a bright red spot on each of her cbetkp, and her eyes were shining feveritbly. She roEe from her chair and moved reatl.tsly about the room. 'Be calm, my dear,' Mr. Berrick said, pently. 'You've been wonderfully good all day. Be calm now, and have pi'.ienc3 till to-morrow.' The old town was always quiet on Sunday evenings ; it was a place in which the strictest Sabbath decorum prevailed. Now that most of the people had gone to church there were not many sounds to be heard. Always attentive to her husband's lightest wish, Blrs. Berrick went obediently to her seat egaic, and sat silently grasping the arms of her chair. But her face did not lose the listening look for a moment. The sound of wheels coming nearer and nearer became distinctly audible. Mr. Berrick felt a cold dew breakligout on his forehead, and a lump rose ia his ttroat when he tried to speak. He wasted to tell her not to keep on hoping, but he could not get out the words. The wheels still came nearer and nearer. He made one last desperate effort to sa/ that he was sure they would pat3 the door. ' Ann,' he began in a husky tone. But they did not stop. He was out in the passage, and had Opened the street-door in an instant. A cab was standing close to the kerbstone, end & man was getting slowly out of the vehicle, anisted by the driver. Yes, it was really David ; but such a curiously shrunken and haggard David, that Mr. Berrick could baldly repress the cry that rose to his lips. ' God bless sou, my boy.' 'God bless you, father.' The portmanteau was deposited inside the entry, and the cabman was paid and d-amls iud by Air. Berrick. David, leaving him to settle with the man, had gone straight on into the parlor. Even tho father would not witness the meeting between the mother and son. He lingered for a few momenta in the dim passage betore he entered the room. ' His wife had recovered horself a little when be came in. She was quietly wiping away the tears, and already thinking of all that her ' boy' was likely to want, D*vid, seated in an arm- chaii, looked up at his father with benest blue eyes tbat seemed, somehow, to have grown larger than they ever were before. ' I said he would be very thin,' exclaimed Mrs. BeriicB'. ' Oh, he'll sood pick up,;' her husband said, wi-h an elaborate affectation of carelessness. ' We Jet Jane go out, my taoV' he added, ' but jour supper ia set ready on a tray. I'll bring it in at once,' So they waited on him— the happy old pecple — aud he, knowing that this unwonted service gave them exquisite delight, was wise enough to let them have their way. He ate and drank a few mouthfuls ; and then came tte QceEtioB that they knew he would ask. *? How is Lydia ? Does she know yet 5' 'Ho,' Mrs. Berrick answered. 'We thought it best to wait till the close of the day, and then tell her as cautiously a* we could.' 'I wish I could see her to-night,' said David. ' Let tbe father go to her, my boy, and see how she bears the shock,7' suggested his mother srjzicnsly. 'The father snail go, and maj be he'll bring her back with him.' At this prospect David brightened vliibly, and Mr. Berrick set off at onco to Eden Co. tagc He started, full of thankfulness and hope, walking like a young man, and feeling as if he had verily renewed his youth. And he re turned with a slow step and a heavy heart, cotbrjowing what he could say to hU ex pectant son. There had been no joy in Lydla'a faoe when he had told her that David was still living. He was haunted bj the scared look in her great pathetic eyes, and tbe deathly whiteness of her lips and cheeks. She had opened her heart to that new lover of hers, and the door was barred Against David for ever ani for ever. He felt that his faith in womanhood had received a terrible blow. If Lydia was no longer ? model of goodness and discretion, iu whom, then, conld he believe ? True, she had thought henelf set free from the promise she had made to D&vid; ; bat Mi. Berrick coald cot be blind to the indecent haste with which his son's nmpty place had been filled up. And even if David could, in his turn, forget as quickly, the father knew that he should shrink from the idea of another intended dauphter-in-law, and fancy that inconstancy was written in her face. And what would the old wife say ? Mrs. Berrick had ranked Lydia Best to David him ECU. The dusk had deepened when he gained his own door, and the stars were shining over the quiet old High-Street. Let come what may, there wss a recovered treasure inside his house, and the wonderful joy of this thought brought tears to his honest eyes. Moreover, be did sot believe that a good man's life could be spoiled by a woman's fickleness. Acd whatever David had to bear it would be borne bravely. Chajtee. XXIL— Miscoxc-Eprioxii. Shaken and ill as she was, Lydia would not go to rest until her father's return. Her mind was so tossed with agonising thoughts tbat lhe lop ged for the sound of his kind voice to still the conflict. David «aa not dead ; her vow. therefore, was still binding. She bad told an innocent lie when she had said to Mr. Karringtoa that sbe wss quite free, Her rigid education had made her regard her pledge as absolute and sacred. Tbe easy w&y; cf slipping into engagements and sliding cut of th-m again was quite unknown to peer Ljdia. She took life in earnest— awfully ic earnest, some people would have c&id.; Anyhow, her notions of honor were EOt tbe notions cf a girl of the period. ' How would it have been if I had been married to David before he went as-iy?' sbe aikrd herself. *' He would have had a legal right to claim me in that case, and he be« a moral right to claim me now. Ought the legal claim to be stronger than the moral claim? I thick not. In the sight of Gad my premiss is just as sacred as if I had u«**rf d it before all the congregation.' She had taken off the hated eitk (that g-uen of til omen), and put en an old calico Atan that was not black. Thus attired she stole like a ghost into tho kitchen, aad came tiii cCDfolately to Nancj'e sMe. 'Mercy on us, mies,' cried the girl, rue fully, ' what will the minister say when ha sees jour face?' '1 hope I don't lo&k; very startliog,' said poor Lydia. 'I wanttote'l him the nevs, Ksncj ; the good news about Divid IJ;r rick.' ** Humph,'' muttered Nancy, beginning to I rattle the plates. ' If people ara alive they [ should be very careful not to say they're | dead. I don't bold with folks coming bisk i to life at inconvenient time?. And there was j no need for Mr, Berrick to be rushing here j this evening to tell lite ti.iings ; it'll bi torn talk to- morrow.' 'Of course, he wanted to tell me, X-injy. And I — I ought to be very glad ; but ? ' 'But what, mug? I'm only a poor ser vant ; but we're two lonesome girls together, and it may ease your mind to confide ia me.3 ' I thought I was free.' The words cams out with an irrepressible sob; and then a rush of color swept over Lydia' a pale face. 'WeJl, miss, you are free, of course,' said Nancy, settling the matter in a basine&s-li;&e; way. ' He went away and died — anyhow he was as gocd as dead. If he likes to come to life again when nobody expects him, he must take the consequences. You did everything tbat was right: you cried and went into rjECurciDg. Wcat more could any womin have done?' ' I don't think he will give me back cay pro mise. I think he will hold me to ray wjrd,' sighed Lydls, ' and if he does——' *' If he won't give you your freedom, you'll have to take it,' said Nancy, decidedly. ' That's how it'll be.' It was very plain that Nн could not understand any of those nice feeHni;* of honor which troubled her young mistress. She treated the whole matter ia her usual airy manner; and the minister's return pus an end to the discussion. He was alarmed at the sight of hii daughter's white face. She toli iiim bristly that she bad not been well, and thea s^r, h^r self to wait upon him and supply hU ^a-.s, although her strength was hardly equal to the small exertion. Kot one word would alie say of Air. li sr.-ioV s vieit till her father was seated and had e jvja bis supper. 'You look like a spirit,' hesa'.ci, regarding her with troubled eyes. ' Sas scything happened, child ? I have a fancy that you are keeping something from me.' She came to his chair and knelt do??a by his side. 'Scmetbieg has happened, father.' she sasveen d. ' I have bad strange aeers tonight. Mr. Itarrick haa bsen here with tiding* o' David.' ' With tidings o! Divid? A-i ! they hvre heard further particulars about his death '.' 'Father, he was not iravaed ;he fcsiaerer died.' Mr. Me&de; started, and surveyed hu daughter with an aoxioas look. H»i sha been brooding over her loss until her reason was shaken? He had heard of su;h caret; bet Lydia had been so calm, so woader£jily resigned. ' I see you don't believe me,' she went on quietly. 'Bat Nancy c»n confirm all ths'; I say. Mr. Bertick found mi in the gardes, acd tried to break the ness gently; but ho could not be!p giving me a shock, aad— I faicted. When I cima to myself he was gone.' 'Ho must be crazed with his grief,' said the minister, in sore distress, ' HjJven help us all .' What weak creatures we are wh:n sorrow comes upon us !' ' Oh, no, father, ho is not crazed. I wish I could have heard all that he had to tell ms ; it was foolish to faiot. Bat we shall kno* everything tomorrow.' 'Can jou remember the very words that ha said to you V enquired Mr. Meads, still ia doubt. ' He said—' The Lord has Riven us back our lost ; he is restored to us, eves as Joseph was restored to Jacob. Oar boy is not dead.'' ' And you heard no more ?' 'Not another word. Everything wont spinning round, and then it grew dark, ani I fell.' ' And Kancy— what does she know o£ the matter?' 'She ran to me at once, and Mr. Berrick went to the well for water. He told her that it was true— that his son was living — and then he left me to her care and went away.' ' It is a most extraordinary story,' said the minister. 'The whole thing seems rather wild. Why did not Mr. Berrick wait for ay return ? He ought to have first told the ne us to me ; he might have known that the shook would be greatly too much for you. Lydia was silent, knowing that Mr. Bsr rickhad had a shock himselt when ho saw her in the rose- path. 'I think he was very much agit&tod;, father,' she said, after a pause. Mr. Meade bent his head and meditated. Then he looked up suddenly with a brightened face. ' If this news is true, Lydia, the Lord h%% done marvellous things ! D&vid; was very dear to me— as dear as if he had been indeed my own. And he is restored to you, my child.' ' Oh, father,' Lydia clasped and uac)a»p?d her hands. 'God knows how rejoiced I am that he is given back to his parents ! But. 1 do not want him to cl»m me again ; I want him to give me my freedom.' ' Lydia !' ?'Father, I never did love him. I saw taat you wanted me to marry him, and I said thit I would be his wife. Aad when I ea'd it I believed that I might learn to bo toni ot fcia —I knew how good he wi».' 'And vou will learn to be fond ot hiai. ray child,' eaid the minister, patiently. 'Y.-a are jourg; he was the first nun who hid ever asked you to marry him, and the 'i perience wss new. You halnot li ns to get used to it before he was taken aw*y.' 'You don't understood me,' ssti Lydi*. mournfully. 'I wish, ob, I do wiaa tlut mother was alive.' ' My dear daughter.' The good man dre r her close to his breast, and the tears stood in his eyes. 'Forgive me it I am a blac derer : I cannot sec thiDgs as she would hive seen them. It was God's will t.hct the atioaVi go before us, Lydia; but I will ask Him to instruct me, and give me a clearer insight into my child's heart. ' Tbe meek words smote her with egonieicg self-reproach. How could sbe do an- thiag to give him pain ? And the truth would b 3 sure to grieve and trouble him sorely. Lifting her head from his shoulder, sho sa w that his face was pale, acd his eyes weary. Sbe drew him down to her and kissed him, and stroked the soft white hair with a child like caress, 'Father, dear,' she said tenderly, ' ire won't talk any more to- night. You will pray for your poor little Lydia; tc-morro? uny bring more changes. But I am happier nvv that I have opened my heart to you ' So they separated for the night, bah sha knew that she had only shown him a part oE her heart. D»vid was still sitting, in the oil armchair when he heard his father's foo'siapj in the passage. Mrs. Berri^k saw that he wa listening with a painful eagerness for the eound of another, lighter step ; but it did cot come. Mr. Berrick entered tho room alone. 'You bare sot brought her, Jaa»th»Dv' said the mother, catching sight of tha troubled look on her husband's face, and trying to avert any abrupt disclosures. ' WelL ifs better as it is; the excitement would have been too great for Divid, and Lydia isn't over strong, poor girl ! Ho * did she bear it!' 'It was a great shock, Ann.' Mr. Bxrick took off his hat, and stood in the doorway twisting it in bis hands. 'I meant to be very gentle, bnt even my gentleness was rough ta her, I'm afraid.' David moved uneasily in his seat. ' I hope there's no barm done, father,' ha said. 'Lydia was timid and nervous always— those quiet girls don't shoy wh»t they suffer,' 'She turned faint when I told my news ;' Mr. Berrick admitted with reluctance. '-But I left her in Nancy's hands ; Nancy will soon bring her right. And upon my soul,' he added, suddenly dropping into a seat, ' I'm glad this day's over ! Many days like this would soon finish an old man like me.' Mrs. Berrick was a true wife, and she im mediately began to think that she hid not considered her husband. Absorbed in ra joicing over David she had forgotten that her Jonathan had borne the first brunt of the great surprise, and hsd bsen entrusted with the task of breaking tae news to everybody else. All the hud wotk had fallen to his share, and he had done It so naturally and quietly that no one realised how hard it had been. David looked earnestly at bis father, aad icEtactly rote from his seat. 'All this has been too much for dew dvJ,' be said. 'We did wrong to send him to Eden Cottage this evening, and here am I wttirjg in his chair like a seliiih lout I' Ho would not ask another question about Ljdia that night. He would cot let taom. kiowthe yearning that possessed him aal mtde him long, in spite ot bodily weakness, to tramp across the star.lit meados's aad see the bouse that held hU treasure. As Esmond loved Beatrix, so did plain UiVid Berries: love Lydia Meade. It was a strong, chivil rous love ; the love of a mjn who had the heart cf a trac gentlemsr, although he wbli not presented to his lad; in a heroic guise. '* I will go to her earJy to-raorro w,' ha thought, as ho l&y; down to sleep. It wss a happy thing to Sad himself ones □?ore ia the old room that had been his owa from boyhood. Nothing was changed there ; every trifle had been religiously preserved. There was the stuffed wild dack Id his gla« case, provided with an artistic background of rushes; and there was the knosrisg squirrel which had once been the living tor' ment of every member of the family. Wao does not know the mute welcome that lifeless objects seem to aucord one after a long absence? Divid hsd an unreasoning con viction that the duck and the squirrel and all the other things were glad to see him. How often his mother had come in here to cry quietly for her lost son. Xa&y; had not told him tbat it was so, but he knew it, aad the knowledge nude his owa cheek wet. Has was the best mother in the world, aad had rcigotd supreme in hi* heart orcr all other women until he had fallen in lave with Lydia. Lvdia. She seemed to rise up batora him, leckieg just as she had looked when he b*ie her good-bye, and kissed her lor the iirit time. He recalled the Sffeet face with its shy,, doubtful expression. He had wished tliat the had been a little ie&s; bashful — a shade less cold. It had been an ice maiden whose brow he had kissed ; but the loyalty of his strong heart had passed into tbat carea. She was hu high pure- minded lady, sans rcpTQcJ.e, lifted far above sll others, aad look ing (Iowa upon him with calm eyes. He never read any poetry s&ve; the old hymns that they sung id the chapel, and he could not li: Ljdia with a description from the pages of Tenny son or Browning. But he did sometimes think that Bebekah, ' the damsel very fair to look upod,' might have seemed like h^r ia tbe sight of Isaac ; or that Rachel, toiled lor through lon^ yearr. must have had a face like the minister's daughter. Having never seea the exhibition oi the Royal Acideaiy, his conceptions o£ these women cf Scripture had been Itit perfectly tiaciattu-bed. Ho could cot picture them as brown beautio3, with passionate dark eyes, and form replete with the voluptuous grace o£ the E *3t. He al »sj « thought ot them as pure, aad cool, aad fair — like hjdia. ?She had promised to Ijs his wife, and he had a right to tuinfc of her as an everj-day married woman, sitting by his firoside ana nursing his children. But he could not quite succeed ic bringing her down to the level ot ordinary life. He had lived, from childhood up, tae prosaic - x sUiice lit a small tridesoiia ia a country tasfa. But evary life requires it3 loco), and raust hsd it ic some shape. L;di» was Iiavio's potia. She, herself, vvi»s quite unconscious of the gui&e; in sbicli ehe reigned over his dreams. If he could have told her, in graceful words, all that hi! thought and felt about her, he would ccrtainlj have acquired a new interest in her ejes. But he was one cf those people who can only feel and think ; the gift of speaking his thoughts, or of looking them, hsd been denied him. He had a face that seemed incapable of ex pressing emotion. It was a good solid Svtoa fscu — such a face as you may see under a cloth cap in the ' rank and file' any day, and kaow that it wili never change its aspect whea it frosts the enemy's guns. Practised eyes might h&vc; found ia it an unmistakable promise Ct courage, encaraccc, and trash ; bac LydU had luot tae art of seeing under the surface. She oid cot think teat JDivid shone as a lover. He failed to convey any definite idea of devotion to her mind, and wooed her after a business-like fashion. He had told her that if she would have him, he would do hi* belt to rcake her happy ; but he had cot said that life without Cer would be a mere blank ; he had net hinted that his soul might go astray if he lacked her gentle guidance. And yet, if she coald have looked into his heart, and realised the fact of her ora perfect quceasbip there, siie would have beea mare than satittied. Is was only the outer m*n that stood between David and herself. While he, in his sicipio fashion, thanked Gcd for bricgirjg hid back to the blessings of home and love, and felt asleep with her name uprs his lips, sac was lying awake with a restless sou]. He had returned to claim her bated promise. He had came to tear her from her true love and drag her down to the level of his dull life. Her fancy pictured him es inflexible, unrelenting, even when he knew 1 bat her heart was given to another. ( To bo continued,) 