Sketcher. PIC-NICING IN STRANGE PLACES. "Where to ! I fancy someone exclaiming on reading this title. Well, my friend, if you are patient for a short time I shall endeavor to explain, and at the same time entertain you for some five or ten minutes with an account of one of the most enjoyable camp-ing out pic-nics it has ever been my good fortune to enjoy, and maybe you will wish, as I do, it were to come over again with yourself as a member of the merry patty, or what would be better still, you will set about collecting your many young friends and secure their eternal gratitude by organising one yourself. Not to keep yon in suspense any longer, the caves to which I allude are In Tasmania, at the foot of the Western Tiers, and their beauties and fame are not, I believe much, known in our colony of Victoria. This no doubt is caused partly by their situation - being in a rather wild and certainly not much frequented part of the fair little Island, and partly because after a long winter or rainy season, access to the most beautiful of them is difficult, it not impossible. From this you will gather that they are only to be visited in summer. At that season of the year our sister island has many visitors from all the colonies, and the summer of which I have such pleasant recollections was no exception to the rule. I, with many others, bond myself, after a year's hard work in go-a- head Victoria, recruiting bodily and mental energies in one of those picturesque, quaintly, old-fashioned villages one so con- stantly sees in peaceful, happy Tasmania. My friend's house was situated on the crest of a hill, with a background of deep blue moun- tains, and overlooked the village across some two miles of undulating paddocks, through which a tiny stream gurgled and rippled over stones, and round corners, whispering tender nothings to the drooping willows and fairy- like ferns that grew on its banks. This particular summer, a few years ago, had gathered many young people in this, and the neighboring villages. My then home con- tained six young girls, some of them just fresh from school, and full of fun and frolic two of their brothers, a college chum of one, a budding curate, and last, but not least, a young fellow fresh from the "ould countrie," dabbed by the girls "greenhorn," who, according to their ideas, had no mission in life save the exalted one of serving as a butt for their gentle pleasantries and marvelous tales of colonial life, which, for all the grave face of wonderment and simplicity he wore, I fancy from an occasional twinkle in the corner of his eye, were not all taken in with- out the proverbial salt. This party kept the old house men enough, and the large dining room, old-fashioned school-room, tangled garden with its winding shady paths rang with peals of laughter, snatches of song, or formed the convenient refuge for a pair of declared lovers, a pair of inciplent ones, and a three months old bride and her groom, who, in my opinion, were the worst of the three. The village and those around furnished young ladies of their own, besides some Mel- bourne, New Zealand, and Adelaide visitors, two thin bronzed Indian soldiers on sick leave, several Victorian and Queensland squat- ters, the usual sprinkling of doctors, curates, and invalids, besides those nondescript things yclept boys. After several weeks of riding, driving, lawn, croquet, and tennis parties-to say nothing of a tea-meeting and local concert we found ourselves one evening discussing with much earnestness the possibility of a trip to the caves, the descriptions of which given by the natives, made all the visitors im- patient to explore them. Before separating a committee of ladies was appointed to ar- range concerning eatables, bedding, &c.;, and for gentlemen to look after wagonettes, dog carts, and tents. One rule we strictly adhered to, to have no married folk, save a Mrs. Rasp, whose husband was travelling in Europe, to chaperone the girls, and Mr. and Mrs. Spoonington, the young couple just mentioned, we decided to remain at least three nights out, and finally arranged to start the following Tuesday. Imagine for your- self the babble of tongues, the turning out of old dresses 'done up' for the occasion, with fascinating new bows, the fluttering of excited young hearts, and last, but not least, the anxiously studied weather in the few inter- vening days. At last the morning dawned, fresh and fair, and by eight o'clock the whole party were at the rendezvous, five dog-carts (a speciality of Tasmanian travelling), one buggy, an arrangement much like an enlarged edition of the Cobb's coach of earlier days, canying, I think, fourteen. I, with some six horsemen, made up our number to thirty one. A many, merry party, and the list of accidents only served to increase the fun, as none of them were serious. First a shoe lost from one of the carts, a broken rein for another, harness, traces, pole, for several others, till at last every vehicle had some slight adventure to boast of. Our road for some miles was ordinary enough, and in one or two villages we passed through by keeping closely together, we made a most imposing spectacle for the quiet inhabitants who turned out with wide-opened eyes and mouths to wonder where we all come from, disturbing the peaceful sleepiness of their streets. At last we made a halt for dinner at the foot of two steep rocky hills, very aptly called " The Needles.' There, beside a tiny fern-hidden brook we rested, joked, laughed, and enjoyed our good things, the young folks having mostly their own cavaliers, were waited on and enter- tained entirely to their content. Fern-hunting followed as a matter of course, while regrets were heard on all sides, when after an hour's rest the horses were once more put to, and another start made. At last our journey was a thing of the past, the distant mountains gradu- ally got nearer, or rather we got nearer to them, till we found ourselves unpacking just at the foot of one of the chain, in a thicky-wooded bush with a range of rather steep hills just in front of us, and the murmur of a stream not far off. Under this ridge of hills we were told the caves extended for miles. Leaving the horses to be unharnessed by some of our men-folk, most of the party in twos and threes made their way into what is called the dry cave, though the appropriateness of its name seemed rather questionable when we were greeted on our entrance to its black-yawning month by a rush and roar of water so deafen- ing that until slightly used to the sound we were unable even to hear the voices of our nearest companions. We scrambled down the steep brush covered path, and were faced by huge frowning queer-shaped rocks, in a large dimly-lighted room, in which, as our eyes became accustomed to the light, we could see several arches opening in various directions. Through these a considerable stream rushed with a quick dashing sound over the rocks, clear, sparkling, and icy cold, as we soon found on yielding to the irresistible temptation to dip in our hands and drink of this living water. The silence, solitude and grandeur filled us with a feeling of almost awe in which no one spoke, but we sat about on different rocks, fascinated by the wild and rugged majesty, or wandered quietly to look in at the openings all around, though we were forbidden to so far unless with a former visitor to whom the ground would be somewhat familiar. In this manner, after carious peering over queer chasms and round uncanny corners, three of as found ourselves at the bottom of what might have been a deep well, two sides of which, almost perpendicular, opened some 50 feet above us, and let down flickering beams of the fast-fleeting day. These sides were adorned at intervals with ferns, and a bird having its nest in a crevice, darted out and up startled by our steps and voices. A third side loomed far back, in darkness, and out of it, about six feet up, tumbled our old friend the stream falling down to a dark, quiet- looking pool at our feet. We sat long on the moss-grown rocks over which we came, and on our return found tea had been pre- pared by the busy workers in the daylight, as well as the two tents pitched. Glad enough we were of the roaring camp fire and good fare of the tea table. Tea over, there still re- mained enough light for a short ramble in the many fairy-like nooks that surrounded us, era the bell at abont 8 o'clock summoned all wanderers as a slight shower was falling. When grouped in the tents and wagon, ghost stories and stories of all sorts gave amuse- ment for a good hour. The supper bell then rang a signal for general meeting round the camp fire, for biscuits, cake, gossip, inter- change of opinions and afterwards sleepy good-nights. But though turning in thus early, a drowsy murmur continued some time in spite of orders to the contrary from our worthy chappone. Even then the night was broken by ones of "Oh, there's an "inch man" on me !" from some terrified sleeper, and, much to the disgust of the other votaries of Somnus, candles were lit and the enemy killed. An inchman, I may remark, for the benefit of all whom it may concern, is an ant somewhere over an inch long, a very disagree- able bed-fellow !. As our tent pole was tied to a large tree, the creatures crawled along it and dropped down on some unfortunate sleeper's face. Being unaccustomed to such visitors, she insisted on getting rid of them in the speediest manner possible, and hence the disturbance. Unable from the novelty of our situation to sleep late, several of as awoke before 5 o'clock the following morning, and hurriedly slip- ping on our clothes, stole quietly away from the sleepers and down to the cave, where we indulged in a bath in the clear icy water, and feeling as fresh as the new- born morning itself, set out up the hills exploring. After some half-hour's hard scramble, we perched on a ledge of rock on the summit of the hill belonging to our quondam dressing-room; overlooking the tall shady old trees of the surrounding bush, and chatting pleasantly as we watched life in the camp gradually stir- ring. Some of the party off to see about the hones, several with towels round their necks, marching through the bush to a distant creek for their matutinal bath. Others, whose movements were most interesting, lay- ing the cloth under a shady tree, and looking after those hundred and one items which mean breakfast. As we felt rather idle on our lofty seat, we concluded that to entertain was at anyrate something towards earning the good things below, so we sang songs and hymns, which, echoing far over the tree tops in that solitary place, with the grand ever- lasting mountains surrounding us on all sides, called forth hearty and repeated en- cores from the tent folk beneath, till, at last, cries of "breakfast" floated up to us through the keen morning air, and we hastened to appease that ferocions monster "appetite," which we had discovered in our early ramble. (To be continued.) 