TURF TOPICS .AMD . 'ANTICIPATIONS. - 'BT 'ASHODfeUSi : ! Now that tlio antumii colcbr.itions at Ilawkcs- ! bory havo beon brought toa satisfactory issue the Tcnuo .will ho shifted to Bandwick, , wliqro ' tho ' ruRuiugwill be tnkoq.iip on Monday with tlio St. Legcr, and othpr qyonts which' compriso'.'tho ; opening day's progrnmm'o. Tlicro1 aro not wattf'. ing indications to prove tho imnenso. strides mado by . tho' national sport in tho sister colony over sinco mo auairs or tno loaning ciuu woro entrusted to that inost'successful of racing secre taries,. Mr. T. S. Clibborn; and'tho mooting now on tbo InpitiB of sutiiciont importance to attract the rank .and 'file, of our, racocourso habitues. She programme extends lOvor lour days, so that tbcro will bo ho 'dbsrth of 'quantity,' lot tho quality , be what it may. Monday's proceedings will bo initiated by the Hurdlo Race, for which thoro nro tweaty- threo candidates handicapped, tho Victorian representative, Vanguard,, being at thb head with.12 st. 31b. His ownorisovidently notof 'tho. sitmo opinion as Mr, Scarr, otherwise bo would not bavo causod the pon to bo put 'through his namo immcdi- atoly tbo weights appeared. Wore either ' of Victoria's remaining representatives— Tho Joker, Ontario, Yaloly or Sundowner— tocrosstho Murray, our roputation for efficiency in tho jump ing business would bo left to capable hands, and I would profor trusting to ono of thoso rather than to any of tho local horses whoso form is un- known in this colony. Fit and well my voto shall bo for YATELY, who may oxiect most opposition from Flam- borough and Dundreary, although I fcolconrinccd tho distance, two miles aud a half, is too far to enable tho last named to got homo in front. Frior to tho decision of tlio Si, I.ogcr there will bo-somo interest manifested in liio disposal of tho Champagno Stakes, which wonld ho hoightoncd by the presonco of Iolantho and Buckingham; but I presumo tho two cracks will bo bold in rcscrvo for thoir 1000 sovs. a sido match to ho decided latoran in tho mooting. King's Own, who ran Bocond for tho Maribyrnong riato, would, bo another dangerous rival, but 1 am given to undcrtand that tho promising chest nut has been turned out in view of fully develop ing bimsolf for next yoar'a Derbies and other important ongngomonts. Tho issue, thcroforo, is likely to revert to tho elected of Mr. Jv White's formidable taatn, (probably Borgo), Tho Broker, lord Exotor, Tho Bey and tbo host of Do Mestro's which escaped tho hammer last Monday, l'rom among this lot I liavo some hesitation in awarding tho prido of place to THE BROKER, who mast experience soma difficulty in shaking off Iiargo. Thojro is likoly to bo a. brilliant display of talontin tho Autumn Stakes, and in tho absence of Xo Grand, who will ho rosorvcu, for tho St. . logcr, I expect to seo this weight for ago oontcst ' over tho Derby courso fought out by Navigator; First, ;Domon and Archie- ' To wirt' outright 1 'ehall placo reliance oh .NAVIGATOR; whilo it would not snrpriso mo to see First Demon sqitlo tho best 'of , ;iho' - thrco-yoar'olds in thoi Btrngglo for placo distinctions,.'.' t| Now that' Warwick is said to havo acquitted, himsolf unsatisfactorily in a trial with Archie, it looks hs if the St. Logor will bo radncod lo: a match betweon Martini-Henry and lo Grand; Evon tl| io of .itself will bo " spectacle well worth witnessing. --Tho rosnlt will goto provo whother or Tot" Martini-Henry was himself on the Champion day. Readers of this journal nro well awiiro that I havo nttributcd his defeat' to want of coifditioil," an opinion tbat was cxprossod boforo as well as after tho raco, and- it now romnins to bo scon what "will bo tho issuo hetwcoh the pair ovor tho St. logor course. Undoubtedly brilliant and enduring aa io Grand proved himsolf by the excellence of his por- 'forumncc's in tlio Newmarket Handicap, Australian Cnp and Champion Raco, I fool persuaded that Martini-Henry is tho bettor nnimal of tho two, and ti&ing; his spring performance as a guide in proforonce to his solitary defeat on Now Year's day..I must onco moro ibitcrato my partiality, for : i! MARTINJ-HENitY, . . though' it is- quito possiblo -that lo Grand will stretch his neck at soma part of tho journey. Thoro aro fifty-two animals classified for tho Doncastcr Handicap, so that it will lie readily .understood that it is nochild'u play to pick tho winner in ope oast. However, I must inako au attempt of some kind, and in this endeavor I am iiulucod to recommend AL1ANDER, who has only to ho himself to- load his field a mcrry ilnnce with 8st. 2 lb. Next to tho Vic torian bred chestnut I fancy Maronoy or Stock; dale. " ' : , Tlio first day's racing will bo brought to a termination. with tho Trial Stakes, to win which I must namo 1 " " ' VENETfA',. with Garfield and. C'upidon as omcrgencicB. ' On Wednesday tho running will bo taken up with th'o Flying Handicap, tlio woights for which will not bo mado known, untilnftortho first day's racing;- Then will- follow tho Miiidon Stakes, tho spoils of which 1 o'xpoct to sob appropriated by : - - . . COIR, and in'makiug this solcction I must bargain for Iho.nbsynco of Mr. \f. White's' cracks. Bargo-and SaLvo,.tho-cboson of which I. .would profor' oven with penalties attached. I scarcely think tho owner of Vergy wilfalsocara about exposing his horse with the addition of a penalty for winning at Flomington. ' > Noxt comes the event par excellence of tho four days' meeting, tho Sydney Cnp, tho des tination ofj which is at the present time monopo lising the combined ingenuity of tho snvans of tho tnrf., .As may havo .boon reasonably ex pected tho result of tlic.Qawkcsbury. Handicap ban not been without its influences pu. tho great two ihilo raco,. primarily being the promotion of .Empress tOjtho hqad of. tho. hotting quotations, 'quid so gqnninoly has, tho Qawkesbury victress .been supported that silo is a very ! firm favorito at tho. timo 0,1 writing., She is haudicapped at .7. St.. or 1 lb. less than shacarricd to victory on Saturday,, but the penally raises lier impost to ,7„Bt. 71b., hy.no means a crushing burden 'fiord eix-yonr-ohl miirc, especially nt this season of tho year, wlion tho members of the ficklo box aro supposed to bo at., their best., Her dwnerj .ifr. J, Mayo, has. had, considerable ..ex'porionco; in winning the inoro important: handicap events in tho sister colony — the .Metropolitan with Bocmi- dus,. Hesperian and The' Gem, tho Hawkosbnry "Handicap with Janitor, Hespctiah and Empress— and it' is evident" that so good n .judgo does mot intend to mako much, of a mistako on tho im pending occasion. Besides, Empress finished so nuch liko.a; stayer on Saturday that tho1 3:'lb. oxtra which .shb has to carry should not bit auy great impediment. In addition to tho merited .advance of Empress' other market cbanges'bave to bo recorded, .notably tbo sudden forward movo on tbo part of Martini-Henry and the consequent decline of . Commotion, who has . unfortunately gone ninivh/and is rcgardod in tbo light of an improbable starter. Tho advance of Martini- Henry, uuloss the movo is a similar ruse to that which transpired in counoction with tho Austra lian CupA would- suggest that lib is superior to either Morpeth or Despot at tho woights, and accepting his present market position as fond Jhlc I am inclincd. to recognise him as thb wiil- nor, liyjiat, thoroforo, is ill favor of ;i MARTINI-HENRY- and Empress and First Demon mnst bo regarded lis possessing, no .ordinary claims for .place, honors. . Presuming that Iolantho and Chaodoq". will bo held in rosorvo for their big match Tho Biros' Produce Stakes will, bring about an interesting exhibition botween Tho Brokor and Borgo, which pair 1 have solccted as the best (torn among tho long liBt qf nominations. ' I fool convinced .that it will take nothing short of a real clinker jo' lower tho colon of tho conquering son of Mnribyrnong, ' still 1 think THE BROKER . will ho oqunl to tho occasion, qb ho is beyond doubtoito of Ihomost improving two- year-olds in training. Omitting tho Selling Plato as of no importance I must pass an to the Sapling Stakes, with which will bo brought to a termination thosoco'nd day'a , fun. Of the ton candidates I like nothing' so wollai THE BEY, who- ought tho finish in front of both- Sirocco and Lord Exotor, who are tbo pick of the re mainder. On tlio third day (Friday) it would not snrpriso mo to seo SIROCCO inaugurate proceedings by winning tho Two- year-old Plato, and in his possiblo absonco the honors ought to fall to Lihprti!, who is a cat abovo tha.avoragOi Thcro is a rnro.oollection of talent for tho All Aged Stakos, including such giants ns Coin motion,- I>o Grand, Navigator, Iolantho, Malna and The Brokor.. ' It is moro. that probable that tho first named trio will ho, hold' in rosorvo for tho .Cumberland Stakes,, to bo .decided lator in tho; day; in which' casb I . shall be preparod1 to sco .. ' THE BROKER victorious, olboit ho. must qnticipiita 'consider- . alilo sunoyanco from Bargo, who baa already provodjiis utility (o get tbo distanco. Tho- Woltor .Handicap-is at present not avail- i ablh for cprntapnii, and therh ik sqch uflco'rtaibty attached to thd FIrat Foal Stakes' to follow (bat it is a haphazard undertaking to "attempt to foreshadow tho winner. Among thoso no'01" natcd tho best known performers nro Iolantho, Buckingham,. Tho Brokor, .Coir, Tho Boy, Re ginald and Bnrgo. Presuming that Iolantiio and Buckingham will not put in appearnnco until tboy strip for thoir IOOObovh. match on the last day of the meeting, and that Tho Broker and Bargo will have boon run aiit in tho All Aged Stakes, 1 fell inclined to regard 1 THE BEY . . ns tbo probable winner," though I am of opinion that ho will havo to play second fiddlo in tho ovent of either Buckingham, Iolantho or Tho Broker putting in nil appearance. Providod Martini-Henry, Lo Grand, and Navigator, elect : to laco, tho starter for tho Cumberland Stakosj two 'miles, woight for age, tho raco will provo onoof tho most interesting of tho mooting, and,- as tho saying goes, it will he woll worth a long baro footed, pilgrimage to witness these cracks onco more arrayed' in battlo. It is a nice point to attempt to chooso between snch a formidable quartet. Tho weights aro very much in favor of tbo thres-ycar-ohls, and n8 'Mr, J am oi Win to will doubtless gladly avail himself of tho opportunity for MARTINI-HENRY'., to wipo out his New Year's day defoat at Flomington I will elect to pin iny faith to tho Muqkot colt in.profcrcnco to cither. Navigator or Le Grand, who will probably securo tho situa tions. The fourth and last day's racing will bo batter doaltwith next week. To -tarn our attention to matters of minor importuned nearer home which are promoted for the bono'fit of Easier holiday goers, tho first impulse is in tlio direction of Williamstoym, whero. the , fishing villagers'.' will- bo busily engaged with, their periodical colcbralions oil tho shores of' Hobson's Bay. Special trains- will , ran as. U3ual to within a short distance of tho course, and I havo no doubt thcro will bo the customary largo nttendanco of visitors which has enabled the Williamalown club to carry on operations satisfactorily for such a longth of time. . The flolds will he numerically largo judging from the acceptances, hut it is to bo hoped that ample amends will be forthcoming in the quality af tho sport. In tho opening event,, tho Hurdle Race,. I shall ho pre pared. to oeo ; : ,11, DOW AI.ONZO victorious, albeit Gambler has on a previous oc casion proved himself nt home over this ground, butlquostioaitbo is. within 8.1b. of tho top woight. 'i. i- ... I don't think -V, MISTAKE:'. . ... will experience' qn insnrmountablo diflicnlly in annexing tbo Altona Handicap!' U he is entrusted with thtj job, and next to him I prefer Mary and Mickey I'rcc. , . , ,, : ' ' Tho Telegraph Stakes appear at the'mcrcy of ' " " ' ANAGRAM, ' '" '., " who may havo Berkeley and : Jfickoy Frco.to act as his whippors-in,. i Tho Steeplechase I'mnst ossignjo' BLACKTHORN,' whom I cannot ,dcsert,witli goad graoq after tho triumphantmonnorin.which. horooontly puiiod mo.tlufoagh at Moohee Viilfop. Tho aurtaio will bo (hnwh dowh'with' tlin Sea- ford Handicap, for which nothing conld , possibly havo a show with Pollio woro ho in iiis h63t form, but. the Australian Oup winnifr scorns: to be out of sorts fqq'somotimopast,. -and on looking elso- where for. . tho winner I ' caniiot do. bottor than recommend. . ' r. ' .... ' . . " MADCAT, .who will bo nil at . homo over bis own -ground. Hcspqridcs and Lyons Lady are tho pick of tho romainder. .. ' Furtherafiold tho doings of the Ballarat Tnrf Clnb , on tho . picturesque courso, nt: Dowling Forest. will also ongage attention, on Easter Mon day. Unfortunately the acceptances, are on a limited scale, and: I am. apprehensive that tho interest in affairs will bo confined exclusively to tho local circle. Tho mooting will open with the Novel Handicap, tho woights for which are on the wolter scale, and on this account I feel in duced to doclare for 'i BOISTEROUS,; " , who is better ablo to carry a heavy impost than either Lenoro or Halifax,.. Of the so von horses- engaged .in the Hurdlo Raco the winner appears Iiko being auppliod by MUSIDORA, next to whom Nod Kelly and Lady Brown should .havo something to Bay. The jiastor Handicap promises to produce one of the host oontcstB of tho day, anil I shall ho prepared toseo tho judgo proclaim for ODD TRICIC, who will bo nt home over bis own-.gronnd- Don Quixote and Tho Andes msy have a say in tho Bcttlcmont of place distinctions.. For. the Steoplachase commend me to CHRYSALIS, who will bo opposed by a weak field, of which l'carnaught and Chipponham will tako most boating. The Dowling Forest Handicap will attract. tho largest number of competitors of the afternoon, and:with astart.I shall aland by EGERTOM,'. noxt to whom Marshull Ney and King's Mea. songor command my rospoot- On Wednesday noxt there is a prospect oEsbmo fair sport at Dandenoag, ivhoro the local Tnrf CHxb will hold thoir customary Eastor colobra- tions. Those, turfites who will not havo taken wing for llandwiek will probably patroniso tho rural gathering in forco, inasmuch as a visit to Dandcnoug isatall times a ploasant one. In making my solcctions for tho meeting I have no reason to dopart from tho viows expressed in dealing with tho weights last week, and which I will hew arrange in the following, order:— Oak- Icigh Handicap : Honora, Hosperidos, Stationer. Dandenong Handicap: Hcspcrides, Mermaid; Priestess. Mombora' Cup : Berwick, Priosloss, Don Alonzo.' Hurdlo Race: Don Alohzo, Avolaucho, Midnight, — Some appreciable racing, took' plnco at Elstcrn- wick Park last Saturday, and although tho attend ance wqs. not good tho. sport providod was of a really, interesting. character. : In nearly all the events, .Uu>: fields woro protty. Inrgq,. whilst the finishes, n, (he Elwood and Blfiternwiek Pork Handicaps wcro very clnso aiul "oxcltlng. Tho Hurdle Race was won by Ned Kelly, who ctarlod first .favorite and was stoored by Batty. Black Tracker proved superior to his adversaries in the Malficu Trot, which ho appropriated by win" ning the tivo first boats, with case. Ho was followed homo each time by Lubra. Honora at last, scorod a win for her popular owner by gob- ting home Cr3t in tho Elwood Handicap. althoug£ had Priestess mado her run oarlier than sho did the result would havo bccadiffercnt. Tho Ghost, by Uamlot from Mystery, scored an easy win in the Soiling Raco: whilst Agatha justified tho pub lic confidence reposed in hor by easily carrying off tho Elslornwiek Park Handicap. Tho results of tho races on tho wholo woro somewhat in favor of backers, tho favorites in most ol .tho events proving victorious. . Altogether tho. meet ing was an enjoyable ono, and showed that owners of horses of good quality aro beginning to patro niso with more liberality tho gatherings under tho auspices of tho clnb. In the April issuo of tho Jlaciny CaUtvlar\ is published a list of horses, which are disqualified under rule 11, for running at meetings. , not advertised in tlio Caleiviar. All tlio horsos which compoted at Port Alborton tbo 1,'lh March last are in the black list — namely, Norfolk, Misi Laura, Miss EtiicI, Tarry -Bank, ,Sylyuniat Drummer, Sabiua, Robin, Duchess, Black Boss, l'alcface, Bright, Folly, Unclo Tom, Pretty Jane, Rockot aud Tommy. FormnniugatRutherglonok tho same data the following huvo also beon placed under perpetual disqualification— viz., Mouniaiii Rose, Flirt, Darkio, Donoghuo (lata Darkie), Morrio, Rosebud, After Dark, Tom Jones, Chos; tcr, Maid of Kent, Jeanotta, Too Lato, Mermaid and Billy, A black gelding named Robin,; 5 years, and a chestnutgolding named Tip, i years, bavo beon disqualified for rnnning at Iho Mori well races on the 26th December, 1S83 ; while Rufus, Butcher Boy and Littlo Footstop. are classified under the heading of 11 miscellaneous disqualifications." "Trumpator," tho well informed contributor to thoOJrereei', thus remarks concerning tho future prospects of the Adelaide Racing Club: — "j heiiove that before long an attempt will bo made to form tho A.1LC. into a properly constituted racing club. The lessees are tired of fighting against public opinion, and. I think tho racing pnblic willsoqu be givenan opportunity of taking over the loaso aud forming a club. Whether in tho prexont position of affairs the offer will be re- spondod to with alacrity romains to .bo aeon ; bat tkejcssocs (or two of them it, all events) ate anxious to get out of the affair, aud will be satisfied to rotiro so soon as, a responsible, body of men can be found to form a club and take oyer tho present liability of tho A.B.C." Tho. same writer remarks :— "I bolievo au at- tempt will bo mado to revive the tolaliaator .question wbon tlio new Parliament assembles; Quostions aro lioing continuaUy askod respecting the viows of candidates on tho subject, and, inn arule, tbo; replies are satisfactory to those who wish to: see tho machiuo continue- in. operation- If tho totalisator is likoly, to ha used— or abused —by private persons, I would gladly seo i't ciosod for over ; but under, tho rnanagameut of legiti- mato racing clubs thero can bo no question about its being beneficial to horse racing and the, fairest modo-of hotting for the publio." , ; Martini-Henry, it is whispered, has of Iati boen conduetihg himsolf in a very unsatisfactory manner whilst takivg his morning, oxorcise on tho llandwiek. courso. .Rumor has it that tho. son of .Muskot complctos his gallops unkindly, and frequently swerves right across the cbarao; Whctlior the report bo true or not it must be re mcmhoreri Umf. ,t.. -"w nuuyir x uniting. m .Champion. Race at Flembgton travellod in.lan oxtremely zig-zag fashion at.cortaia pcriodr of the jonrney, and appeared to couiuicioly oven- power Hales,, who rode him. Those who were spectators of the race in question will doubtless bo ready to receive tho present report as correct It is n significant fact, liowovor, that tho colt travels romarkabiy well in tlio market "lor both the St. Loger and tho Sydney Cup, and perhaps thoro is in reality no grounds for tho alarm., ori ginated by tbo professional touts at tho accnq. of action. And, goodness knows, tho said louts, are morafrcquqntly wrong than otherwisnin alarms of this kind. . Mr. Fondly was successful enough in blinding them prior to tha 8pring Moating at Flamington, and who knows but. that ho will ho similarly fortunate on this occasion.?. I am moro inolinod to bolievo that tho, cause of Martiui-Honry swerving whilst at exercise ia as much attributable to Hales's, want of physique in steeling so generous a goor as to . tho horse himself,, and for my own part- i would nrefor'te ecoa poworful horseman- like Yeomans or Celley on' Kim in both Legcr nnd Cup. It.'is rumored that Celley may probably have the mount at the dozenth hour. At a public molting held for tho purpose on Monday night last, Messrs. Nicholson,. (J. 8. Simmons and 'L. R. Cartor wcro appointed trustees of tho Clunos racecourse, and will lu future act in conjunction with Mr. Thomas King, tho only surviving member of tlio original trus- toes. Extensive iniprovemcnls.aud facilities are, I believe, lo bo olioctod in - tho racing line at Clunes, a grand stand at present being in course of construction at tho course thoro, which by tk ' timo of the noxt annual races will it is expooici bo roploto with all desirablo arrangements. A salo of racehorec3 bdonging to Mr. E. D<» Me3tre took placo at Garling's bazaar, .Sydney on Monday lust, when a number of well bred animals were disimsedof, whilst sovcral lots were passed, in owing to tha bidding being very modcrato. Tho following horso3 wcro disposed of Bay colt Stuersm.un, 2 years old, by Robin son Crusooi — Luua,. tho purchaser being Mrs Maitlnnd at.175 guineas. ; Tho same buyer alsn second Sirocco, a bay colts 2 years old, by Pisoas tor— Zopbyr, and Cupidon, another thrco-yeax- old colt, hyPiscator— Roso d' Amour; tho' former nt 236 and the latter at llfignineos. ' Muscat, a bay horse, & years old, byRobmson Crnsoo— Soux Gnipos,'was transferred to Mr. M: Jauobs- for 250 guineas. Mr. Clibborn, who was tlio wioider of tho hammor, alsoseldon behalfof other bwnors Boscawon, 1 yonrs, and Mofonoutb, both, being full brothers to Falmonttu .The former bronght 150 gnineas and was bought by Dr.i Cortib, Me'rcnouth boing purchased by Mr.' W Gfinnon at 100 gnineas. _. , , ' , , ' Some very contradictory rumora bavo beon circulated respecting the future handicapping of tho Adelaido llacing Club, and in order to mako the present situation of affairs rightly understood I may slato that the position of haudicapper has fcoen offered to Mr. Geo. Vowlcs, pending his acceptance or refusal. ' On'i.Thursday night at Hamilton, tho woll known horses Star and Tho Andes were matched \- iIor -GOO sots, a sido. The race ib to bo run at Casterton on 9th May, hut our correspondent omits to raontion tho distance over which this sensational contest ib to take placo. 100 sots, a Bide1' has been dopositcd in case of forfoit on oilhor Bide. Tho horses are to be ridden by their respective ewnors. In another column will bo found the weights ' tor the principal CTcnts to be decided at Portland 6n tho 17th and 18th inst. Those interested aro reminded that tho acceptances closo to-day at nine.p.m. ' Trom Adelaido I hoar that Guesswork recently tccoired BOTOra injury thrugh being cast in his Jipx. At the approaching meeting of the Australian Jockoy Club Mr. William Gannon will operate as starter, and it is to be hoped that ho will bemoro successful than his predecessor in that capacity. For some time past the starting on the Randwick conrso has gircn great dissatisfaction, and there fore I consider that the A.J.C. committco haro jicted judiciously in making a change. ' Burton, the rider of Lesbia in tho Park Handi cap at the Elsternwiek Park races on Saturday last, recciTcd a reprimand from the stewards for haying ridden tho' raco in a suspicions manner. As Lesbia was well supported for tho orcnt this intimation will doubtloss be extremely annoying to thoso who cnlrustod thoir money to the chances tsi Mr. Mahon's candidato. Whether tho rebnko . given to tho jockey was merited or not, thcro can ho no donbt that tho maro got away yery badly at tho start for the race in question. Greystancs, tho superb property in New Bonlh Walcsrcccntly ownedby Mr. F.Wcntworth, has been, I understand, transferred to Mr. A. F. Smart. Tho lattor gentleman's stnd has been increasing considerably of late, and in course of limo his newly acquired estate will doubtless bo occupied by a contingent of his thoronghbreds, Which aro growing weekly in numbers at War wick Farm. Lady Boll is tho name which has been hes- towod upon tho two-year-old Queensland filly by Epigram— Logend, and owned by Mr. lfcnt, the Well known breeder of that place. Lady Pell, judging from tho perfernfanccsof her full brother tLo Grand), should during her career distinguish horsolf on tho turf, and uphold the prostigo of Iter breeding like Mr. Wallace's constant colt Le Grand. A novolty in trotting contests has been \- htranged to taks plaoo'at tho Elsternwiek Park 'tocotingon tlio 3rd May next, a trotting match ' . haying been mado between Mr. F. llobbin's pair, Erownhawk and Sparrowhawk, and Mr. P. G. Dixon's Maid of Moua and 'late. The match will be run in pair horso buggies. This class of contest is popular in t ho United States, but has not been prcyiously introduced here. Our Ciunes correspondent writes The annual meeting of the Lord Clyde Racing Clubtakcs placo on Easter Monday. Tho committee hare issued hprogrammo consisting of six CTcnts Maiden J'lato, ono milo and a half ; Handicap Hnrdlo Jtace, about two milos ; Lord Clyde Handicap, ono milo and a half ; Distance Handicap Trot, about throo milos : Farmers' Purse, on co round tho course ; and Hack Race. Entries for the handicap races must bo sent in by twelro o'clock on tho day of races; other eyents post entry. ' Mr, J. Uewott has boon appointed secretary, and tho racing will be tinder thoralcs of the V.R.C. .Mossrs.' W. C. Yniilo and Co. hare sold on account of Mr. D. 3. Wallaco tho brood mores Paper, by Tarragon from Ragpicker, with a colt foal by Swivcllor, and Good Bye, by Maribyrnong from Adien (imp. ), to Mr. J. Crip;.s. Also a yearling gelding, by The Direr from My Lady. 