—+ Literary Amenities. Thady O'Kane is hot property. This is how he rubs down a brother Pressman :— To-day's Townsville Bulletin is a rehash of Willmett's almanac for the last four years. We are surprised at Willmett serving up this " twice laid" hash to his fellow townsmen. If he wished to do something of practical benefit to his town, in stead of twaddling on a subject he knows nothing about, let him advocate the filling up of that fever trap, Ross Creek, and making a dock at its lower end. Everyone outside Townsville sees that the filling up of that creek is the only effectual means of preserving the lives of its inhabitants. There will be a terrible outbreak some day of plague of some kind in Towns ville. The town council are doing some good in providing for the additional supply of water from Acacia Vale, but they have not the pluck to tackle the Chinese nuisance. How many councillors have Chinese tenements ? The next time Willmett opens his mouth about separation, he ought to be rammed with a full- grown Chinese—smell, we'll call it—from some of the back slums in Flinders- street. If we got Separation to-morrow the first use a right-minded Parliament would make of it would be to sink Townsville in the sea, and keep it there until its inhabitants had learned the first lesson of civilization—to keep themselves clean. During the submergence of their beloved Ross Creek, they should migrate to Charters Towers, where they might learn this lesson, and a few more to their advan tage. When Townsville becomes a clean town, and Ross Creek is filled up, and Willmett learns to talk sense, the people of Charters Towers may begin to entertain the idea of the capital being moved from Brisbane to Charters Towers, but not until then. And this is modern literature! Sir Arthur Palmer was up Pine Hill way the other day, and seated next to him at dinner was Haylock, the Blackall storekeeper, whom Palmer did not recognise for some time. At last, Haylock said: " Do you not recollect, Sir Arthur, when I was drov ing for you at ——, about 17 years ago?" "Oh, yes," was the reply, " Your name is Haylock. You were sent to take delivery of some rams, and I ought to know you—you brought back rigs." Jim Collopy, the Commercial, has, I hear, just speculated in Mount Morgan No. 2; and good luck follow him, for a better fellow on this side of the equator you never took whiskey with. Well, he was travelling between Pine Hill and Clermont, and missed at the junction at Emerald—where a good Samaritan in the Government service—who was going Clermont way on a tour of inspection, gave James a lift on one of the double-seated patent tricycles now in use on the Central line. They started, James putting 38 to the minute and going like Beach on a sliding seat. When the pinches were met with—1 in 40's and 1 in 50's—the Govern merit party worked on James- and you should have seen my noble Jim when he deserted the machine at Capella. His pants were not made of leather and were rather wintry, while Jim was as raw as a freshly-cut beef steak. Johnny Corbett, " poor Johnny," is putting up a coffee-room at Mitchell that is to eclipse anything out of Brisbane. He also runs a buggy to all trains. Who shall say Mitchell is not going ahead ? Seri ously though, Johnny deserves every praise for his efforts to improve the town. What with the pub, and the Assembly rooms, and now the new big coffee room, his block is finer than anything in Roma, and I thoroughly believe that at the anticipated incor poration of Mitchell, Alderman Johnny won't be far from the head of the poll. Neddy Loughran, the dapper little lightning grinder, who was stationed for a long time at Townsville and recently at Taroom, has been pro moted to the Brisbane and Warwick business. Ned's old friends will be glad to hear of his pro motion. I remember his first start in the ramshackle place which Starke used to boss in the old Cracknell days. Ned was great in those days at standing out on the old tumble-down balcony and mashing the girls with orange-peel and bananas. He had two brothers who were on the Courier years since, and went down to Melbourne to join the Argus. One who is a dreamy poet as well as a smart pressman and shorthand-writer, is now on the Victorian Hansard. The other (poor devil!) has gone down the hill, and when I met him in Sydney last was seeing a bit of the hard side of life. Both were clever men. Miss Stanislaus, the lady who undertakes the responsibility of teaching the young Mitchell idea how to shoot, has had to enter into more commodi ous premises, in order to provide more accommo dation for the increasing number of her private scholars. And talking of Mitchell, J. Stanton Street, for whom so many Mitchellites have a tender chord of memory (a tender whipcord, more likely !), has been succeeded by Brady who comes from the Gulf country. It's a long lane that has no turning, but this was a very crooked Street. An old friend who made a trifle of a sensation, here as Curate of St. John's Church of England in Brisbane is evidently getting into form again. A Tasmanian exchange says that the Rev. Heber Tennant Tranmar temporarily officiates at Buckland in that colony and that " many of the inhabitants, iholding him in esteem, (!) are desirous that he should be permanently appointed, but it is said the bishop has promised the preferment elsewhere." By-the- way, that threat of a libel action against the (now defunct) Queensland Guardian never came off. Tranmar was the only thing that " went off." Lorrington, of Howard Smith's Brisbane branch, was thrown from his horse on Tuesday evening and very severely bruised and stunned. He will be unable to leave his bed for some days. Senior Constable Dowlings, who has made many friends during his stay at Murphy's Creek, has been transferred to Crow's Nest. He's right in the Silver Vein now, and will be able to peddle a few shares. The Murphys don't know yet who is to be his suc cessor—-- And there will be some hard old howling, If they don't get As good an officer as Dowling, That's so, you bet. A Blackall storekeeper who was lately a "sojur' in the Prussian army, fancied he could shoot sraight enough to pot a cat that disturbed his slumbers. He fired and knocked a hole in a big galvanised iron tank, his own property, and then wept salt tears when watching, the precious rain-water stored therein, running to earth. The Prussian army isn't improving. Judge Paul this week was hearing a case in which one point in dispute was something about some carvings on a hearse. This workmanship is styled " classic carving," and these particular carvings represented "angels' faces." Gore Jones, who ap peared as Counsel for one of the parties, asked a witness:- " Now, you have said a great deal about the carving of angiels' faces; do you also carve the bodies ?" With a look of ineffable disgust and superiority of knowledge, the witness replied:— " Why, hangels haint got no bodies; has they ?" Judge Paul:—" It's a cloud-y matter, it seems." During the trial before Judge Paul, the other day, of an offender charged with the larceny of a bag of money from Mrs. Moxley's booth at the late Bicycle Sports', the Crown Prosecutor had occasion to examine a black fellow. He conducted it in the approved style of pigeon English, something like this:- " Well, Jacky; you see him that fellow take him bag ? Where he been put him bag ?" Judge Paul, who is fond of his little joke, here remarked:— "I notice you always allude to the bag as ' him bag,' Mr. Crown Prosecutor. Am I to conclude therefore that it was a male bag ?" Dickson couldn't see it, and the Court never smiled again that morning. The new Sandgate paper has come out at last, and has properly astonished the natives of that seaport re treat. It calls itself the Sandgate Directory and might as well call itself anything else for all the applica bility of the name. Apparently, its largest number of subscribers live in Russia, or other foreign lands, and the news they are supposed to delight in seems to be of the lowest type of Police Court reports, with an occasional dab of sanctimony pasted in. If the Directory is going to lift Sandgate, then Sandgate is the most easily moved town in Queensland. The paper will have to step out into a more energetic life, before it is worth anything more than pasting over a jam- tin. New South Wales would appear to hare jibbed on her 15 millions loan. It has been announced that the S./kWV ?^overament^; has yplace^d a: , loan- of „• '^5^00,000 bearing interest at pier cent ! miniiranr 92\. London financiers, however, will not, you may be sure, forget the blow already made, about the triplicate of that amount; 3ST.S.W. is going in for the 5 millions without delay, wishing to secure the market while John Bull is flush.- And so confident is the Government of that colony, with its small average indebtedness per head* that it has sunk the per centage. It offers only 3| per cent, for what it formerly. gave 4 per cent, and,.previously again to that, 5 per cent. Queenslaiiders — especially 10 millions Dickson—will, watch the results of this N.S/W. proposalwith unaffected interest. ;; I ; ' *6 & & Now, then, grammarian of the Courier. You recently waded into the Hansard reporters about the improper use of " would " and " should," in what, may be called a verb ose manner. Let me see how you yourself run on the verb racket. In Monday week's issue, a par. about a fire in Fortitude Yalley contains this sentence:— An alarm was given and the firebell rang about five minutes to 8. Parse '' rang" Verb transitive. Well, who or what did the firebell ring ? Did it ring the man who was pulling its rope ? In that case; it would have been more poetical to describe the occurrence thus:— "The fireman was rung by the firebell at about five minutes to 8." That would present a vivid idea of what the reporter is attempting to convey. It would be a word-picture. But, merely to say that the firebell "rang," without saying whom or what it " rang," is disappointing enough to make one desire to wring the nose of the slipshod reporter. Stop him! Catch him! Hold him! And while you hold him, kill him. The lunatic is out again. The last state of that lunatic is worse than the first. He had seven devils- before ; but now he's got 70 times 7?, Who, is he F you ask. Where ? Oh,. th<3 Courier, of course. Just listen to this. It is about the Grammar School sports held on Saturday week on : the " Grammar School; pitch." And this is what the Courier's Oscar Wilde pitches about the pitch." ■; Q he ground isptefctily-situateilin a little valley surrounded bya rliytlmrical variation of billy Qontour. Prithee, limp and cling and think of faint lilies! I guess I know this poet. He is pale and wan, with sunken cheeks and high cheek-bones and wild eyes (that look like the sentinel ghosts of forgotten night mares. He has a " rhythmically varied contour" him sejf, especially when he plays the " Dead March in Saul " on a hair-comb. V;ne night the shearers in the Adavale lock-up Were making a great noise. The sergeant went round and sung Out, " Iif you fellows do not keep quiet; i'U turh - you all out," They were quiet. '• . ' r 