Fxbhaes the most startling intejlif uring the whole course of the Soudan ance which has reached these Bhoree war is contained in the cablegrams which were first published by our metropolitan contemporaries on Wednesday morning. Throughout the rebellion surprises have heen innumerable, and no prediction could be -ciied upon tt having a ghost of a \- of fulfilment, Jfp one .knew chance . ^ one Ąaf to 1 40 ' * British Goreroanother. whilst tuc " - Art%oeement are leisurely making . ments for calling together a Europe... congress to consider the position of affairs in Egypt, the position at Khartoum has become critical. General tiordon despairing of any aid from the dallying procrastination which has distinguished the British policy, has telegraphed to the British '-iovernment that henceforth he will act solely on his own responsibility, aud he has requested his friend, Sir iSamuel Baker, to appeal to wealthy English and - American subjects to raise a fund to pay Turkey the expense of despatching a relief expedition to Khartoum. In opposition to General Gordon's statements, in the Honse of Commons, Mr Gladstone was asked a question with respect to the reported critical position in which General Gordon is placed at Khartoum. Mr Gladstone denied that GeneralGordonsEafety was in any way endangered. The best judge of the position is undoubtedly General Gordon, but no doubt he iB safe as Mr Gladstone asserts. He is safe while he remains in Khartoum. He is safe while his provisions hold out and pestilence and plague pass by. He is safe in that he is able with the assistance ty of his 500 determined soldiers to repel any attack; but he cannot get out. •Jis resources are insufficient for him unaided to attack the besiegers with any hope of defeating them, and placing Khartoum In a condition of safety. From the British Govern* inent, who sent General: Gordon endowed with almost supreme power to the Soudan, he fans no assistance to hope for, heuce his otherwise iniw- •• •• ' to fMV Hie £200.000 the General asks for 1 may or may not be contributed, but if it were" it would be only wasting itto spend it on the hopelessly ineffective Turkish forces. Should it so turn out that the case is not so hopeless as has been painted, yet the honor of the British nation has been dragged through the mire through the shiily. shallying policy of the British Government. Neither Lord Palmerstoo nor Lord Beaconsfiield would have' mismanaged matters conuected with the Soudan as Mr Gladstone has so grossly. The remarks of the Daily Telegraph on this latest illustration of tbe inefficiency of the Gladstone Government ara very much to the point, and will be concurred in by every one who glories iu the proud position which Britain has hitherto sustained. Our contemporary says :—" "What occult or, at least to us, unknown iufluences and conditions may exist to accouut for the accumulating complications reported in the latest intelligence we canuot guess, but unless there be «uch, the conduct of ili9 Gladstone Government is more inexplicable than ever. That any British Administration should so wantonly abandon a specially accredited agent, who persists m seeking to accomplish his perilous mission, as to cause him to ask for private and foreign tance may well be held incredible, General Gordon's commission could only embrace the alternative projects of tranquiliBing tbeSoudan or rescuing the Egyptian garrisons. He has failed to accomplish the first, and, according in what we must hope is imperfect information, is asked to give up the eecoud. by those who have the power of ensuring its success. The act is so lerfidious, in the ligbt of auch know- Ledge as we have, that we say again, presents itself as incredible." Nevertheless though apparently incredible, General Gordon's statements deserve to have implicit confidence placed in them. General Gordon iB perhaps tbe ablest of living generals, iiB tact and bravery are beyond quesion, and he deserves to be ranked as he Garibaldi of the present day. isgusted' he must -hare been, inensely, or it is highly improbable hat he would have declared so plainly is inteotion of acting henceforth pon his own discretion. By that act e bas impeached the British Governent, aud between him and Mr ladstone the British Parliauau t and nation will have to decide. On Saturday next the Kyneton Ławn ennis Club send representatives to Melourne to meet the Bohemians. The atch will Łe played at Toorak. Mrs Strachan, for eight years proprietress of the Royal boarding house advertises that she has removed to the spacious premises recently ocoupied by Mrs Deighton, Bodkin-street, opposite the Albion Hotel, where she has ample accommodation for boarders. There was no court at Malmsbury on Tuesday. The only item on the books was an application for the transfer of the license for the Raceoourse Hotel from W. Talbot to P. M'Grath, the dispute having been amicably settled. As the licensing magistrates were not in attendance the matter stands over till next week. About seven o'clock yesterday morning dense volumes of smoke and tongues of fire were noticed in the neighborhood of Mr R. Harper's residence, South Tylden and the opinion obtained that somebody had incurred a loss. On enquiry we learn that the road had been cleared of whins and that the smoke and fire were caused by their being burnt off The London World of Sth March says that Sir W. J. Clarke's daughter is to be married to Mr E. F. Tylecote, the well cricketer, in July next. The thirty-third annual report of the Australian Mutual Provident Society, shows it to be in a sound and flourishing condition. During thę twelve months ending December SI, 1683, no lees than 7,629 proposals were accepted and completed. That proper care is exercised by the management is indicated by the fact that during the period 3,263 proposals were dtclined. The aeoumulated fund now amounts to nearly £5,000,000. Complaints have been ''made to us on several occasions regarding the discomfort, especially in wet weather, caused by tw th o w th M to K M g w l a t s w T t M A L p w c ( a t t D c the branches of the trees in the various pfxjbs of the town, overspreading the footpath;. Ąftęf ? fall of rain the pedestrian is Biftjecteql "to an ^voluntary shower bath- Some of the 0J$uęhe$, too, are so £lose jo the ground that they strike ofts iu til® when pausing along- An. iiaprovsn^iMt jfł t&e; s&i;Łe of things' could be effected with iwt tpo»W'e. The Age relates a smgular $f stolen property made on Monday morning by two boys named Henry Sparks and Bertrand Biyning, whilst coaming about the Treasury Gardens in few^ At the foot of a tree p^rny goqceajM J^ecgath a quantity of fsJAishj jŁey" fonnd^iwo todŁ^ghiefs, villd} »¥>¥ syrapjjed 0 patches, # g$4 — " ««« of § p*8oche$,> i rings, o t *- a ggjd jm, $ siter j set of frold stuua, OTjge JI cross and a gold albert; w. ~ | of the whole being about £10u. children, after unearthing ł.łiin valuable treasure, ran home to their parents, who took the jewelry to the detective office- From inquiries made it was ascertained that the articles all belonged to a pawnbroker named Harris, from whose premises, in Fitzroy, they were recently stolen. At the Bacchus March races which were held on Tuesday last two local horses were successful The Shire Handicap of 40soto., was won by Mi J. S. Harper's Liberty by a length from Mentmore. The distance was a mile and a quarter and the weight carried by Libert}' was 7st31b, and the time 2 min. 13 sec. Liberty also won the Handicap Flying Stakes, threequarters of a mile, 20 sovs., in 1 min. 20 sec., carrying 8st. Mr T. Casey's First Knave ran away with the Selling Hack Race, 10 sovs., three- quarters of a mile, doing the distance in 1 min. 25§sec. The weight carried by First Knave was 8st. The new Kyneton Savings' Bank offices in Mollison Street are rapidly approaching completion, and will be open for the transaction of business at no *eiy distant date. The internal arrangements are very, .complete, and the main office is well appointed. The front elevation presents a very pleasing appearance, and though some small difference of opinion exists as to proper proportions having been observed throughout by the architects, there is no doubt but the building largely ^improves the street. On more "than one occasion ithe opinion has been expressed to us, and it cannot but be concurred, in, that when the business of a hank justifies alaige (Expenditure on buildings, the actuary should be required to devote hiB whole attention to the busing ypd not toe^gagfl j» GPjr h i t ^A match will be Ji^®^ Satj^y afternoon at Darkly Square between teams representative of the Kyneton and Lauriston Cricket Clubs. The game will commence at 2 o'clock sharp. The following will do battle for Kyneton :—Flynn, Ross .J., Simpson, "Longmore, Semple, Grant, Cole, Wells, M'llwrath, Robbie, and F. A. Buckley. A train, nominally a goods train, from Melbourne to Sandhurst runs intermediate between the midday ań d ś ft ejrnoon pjassenger. trains. Passengers~desiring to travel by this train are required to pay first class fare for the uncomfortable accommodation of the guard's van, or of whatever description of carriage may be attached. In additition to this extortion, for it can be called nothing else, the passenger has perforce to sign a document indemnifying the Railway Department against all damages. The natural inference of course is that goods trains are unsafe to travel by as the unfortunate driver and fireman of tbe engine which blew up at Sunbury recently found to their cost. If travellers are allowed to make a journey by the goods trains, and the Department (consider them safe to travel by, then only the ordinary fares should be demanded. This is an item to which the Railway Commissioners should be expected to give thenattention, and which should be dealt on "commercial principles." Another contest took place yesterday afternoon between tRe Kyneton and Malmsbuiy Bowling Clubs. The match was played on the Malmsbury! green. Kyneton tras deprived of the assiitaice of gome of their best players, and two' colts' who had never before taken part in match had to be included. A rnoBt enjoyable afternoon was spent, and the visitors were hospitably entertained. Malmsbury won by 10 points. The following was the scoring: — Malmshury, No 1.—II ton. Smith, Smyth, Fretwell, ("capt.) 24 ; No. 2.- Adainson, Gully, Jeremy, Hunter, (capt.) 30. Total 64 points. Kyneton, No. 1.—W. Rogers, Milledge, LeCouteur, Watson, (capt.) 25 ; No. 2.—Harper, Castles, J. EL. S. Thompson, Armstrong, (capt.) 19. Total 44 points. As a final wind up of the season arrangements were made for another match at Kyneton on Wednesday next, play to commence punctually at half-past two o'clock. A lawn tennis match was played on the Kyneton court yesterday afternoon, bee n t h s c een Messrs Howell and CordneU, of e Sandhurst Club. Sandhurst was out < f the match from the first, and Kyneton on by 30 games to 4 In the first set e Sandhurst players were opposed by essrs Ross and Mitchell, who 15 games their opponents 1. In the second set yneton was represented by Messrs itchell and Herring, who scered 15 ames to 3 credited to Sandhurst. There ere numerous spectators including many adies. In the Weslyan schoolroom last night bout a hundred members of the Kyneon circuit of the Wesleyan Church asembled to meet the Rev J. T. Tuckfield, ho has succeeded the Rev. C. Lancaster. he affair was purely congregational and here were representatives present from almsbury, Taradale, and Drummond. t tea Mesdames Blencowe, G. Johnson, e|Couteur, Leete, Morris, and Woodfin, resided. After tea brief addresses of elcome were deliv- red by MeBsrs Blenome, Dorman (Taradale) Fleming, Malmsbuiy) Johnson, and J. Rogers, nd the Rev. Mr Tuckfield replied hoping hat during his residence in Kyneton, he work of the church might prosper. the evening the choir rendered and appropriate selections of B&cred; music, 