TIT BITS. By Phil Rooney, After a prolonged retreat in the bush I venture to offer some remarks on topics which Were cur rent during my absence. Brigadiers M'Ivor.— In Scotland, M'lvors are as numerous as Camerons or Grahams, but attract Less notice through being of more pacific dispose fcion. During the present century the two lattei? have, with lusty strokes, hewed a passage to the front for the Oak-leaf and the Laui'el in the bloodiest battles of Europe, whilo the former have1 been content to tend their fathers' flocks ' on yon1 Grampian hills.' It remained i'or tile great American civil war to call the M'lvors from obscurity. With this change of disposition A strange circumstance remains to be noted :— The readers of Dickens will remember the lady irt ' Great Expectations ' whose time-pieces all stopped at tne same instant, oinnlarly, all tne M'lvors in America attained like rank at once j just then the frost set in, and although fighting under any number of flags up to fourteen, promo tion in any shape has not visited them since* Brigadiers they were, are, and are likely to remain. In the English army the position of Brigadier is unique. It is not a substantive i'ank- but merely a stepping-stone between Colonel and Major- General. The British service seldom boasts more than two or three such anomalies at one time. Until the advent of a noted Warrior on our shores I had fondly cherished the memory of one Brigadier M'lvor, never suspecting the existence of three. Now that niy faith is shattered* who is to say that there may not be three hun dred ! My Brigadier enlisted into her Majesty's Royal Artillery about thirty years ago, sitbse-* quently obtained the rank of corporal, and im mediately before the breaking out of the American Civil war procured his discharge in Kingston Canada, where he married a widow lady, who possessed considerable house property there. I made the Brigadier's acquaintance through being Ms wife's tenant for an office and private apart* nients in Kingston, in 1862. The colonel (he wa9 only colonel then) was at that time engaged ill the hazardous duty of recruiting at Rome, N.Y.3 where the celebrated Dr. Cahill was parish priests This duty he continued to discharge with the most heroic fortitude till almost the close of the war\ During brief intermissions he was accustomed to call on me for his rent. Not the least remarkable circumstance connected with the three Brigadiers is the similarity of age, size, and personal ap pearance. But the reader will say, ' You have aS ? yet only treated us to one. Wher are the othei' two ?' It is uncourteous to place him of the ' fourteen flags' second. The biography of the third will be found in the appendix to Captain Conyingham's ' History of the Irish Brigade.' Archie Forbes, the war correspondent, is charged with plagiarism. I always thought that Archie had little need to draw on the works o£ others, however he might be forced in hurried moments to repeat himself ; an instance of which recurs to my memory. When Forbes accompanied the Russian army to the Oxus, he furnished to the Daily News the particulars of a very interest ing interview with a venerable Tartar shepherd who dwelt in a goat's hair tent. It was not stated in what language the conversation was carried on, and owing to the absence of a third party to act as interpretor, just a few doubted the entity of the shepherd. Subsequently, immediately pre ceding the capture of Khiva, and during one of those superhuman rides, the venerable shep-1 herd is again introduced with a repetition of printed the two interviews side by side. They were as similar as the Withers scene with the Dublin cabman and the reading at the foot of a Funny Folks cartoon of ten years earlier. Dublin Scandals. — These very interesting dis-« closures recall the fact that just twenty years ago a young soldier of the 14th Hussars publicly accused a highly connected major of the GOth Rifles of the unmentionable offence. Enquiry was smothered in this way : The Major was granted ' leave of absence,' from the yesterday till date of joining a battalion in India, the Lieut. Colonelcy of which he had been permitted to purchase after the ac* cusation had been made. The Major was actually writing his farewell letters in the West-infantry barracks, Aldershot, at the very time when official* doni asserted him to be ' far on the wild raging sea.' Redistribution of Irish Seats. — I have always great pleasure in reading the letters of Timothy Fogarty, but I think there must be some error in. his last. Doubtless the error, if it be ono, is not his, but merely copied. Belfast is set down for 1 member, Cork and Limez'iek, 2 each. Yet Belfast is more populous than tho other two com bined. Therefore, on a numerical basis, Belfast should have not 1, but 4 members. Re-naming Streets in Irish Towns. — All who have the peace of Ireland at heart will approve tho blotting out of objectionable names. But the work will not be complete until the statue of William III. shall have been demolished in College-green, and the Boyne Obelisk at Drog heda. British and Foreign Bible Society. — Just now the Rev. H.' T. Robjohn, B.A., the Queens land agent for this society, is lecturing in N.S.W. He tells his hearers that during the past 80 years 160,917,629 copies of tho Scriptures have beeu '??' printed in various languages, and distributed to t.he heathen by his and kindred societies, the ; : ? expenditure during 1883, having amounted to ? , J?307,996 5s 2d. The rev. gentleman's information . would be more complete where he to state how they are disposed of by the 'dwellers in spiritual dark , ness.' We are all familiar with Lucknow, through the writings of that great traveller, Joubert of exhi bition notoriety. A short account of mission work in that city will serve generally for all India,, and for that matter the heathen world generally. The ' , Lucknow staff of fine young Baptists (the most common missionaries) are quartered in a grand house immediately under the shadow of the palace. They wear the best clothes, ride the most stylish hoascs, and, although not recognized in polite society, either civil or military, manage to rub through life very pleasantly in the company of young auraten cliahar (maid-servants) in the neighbourhood, where one of the finest colonies of half-breeds is growing up which it has been my lot to meet with. The actual distributors of the Bible are native coolies, who receive about one penny daily wages, and who present Bibles to all who will accept them. Few will do so, as, eom ;? mercially, the books are valueless. All kinds of second-hand stores abound in India, and in each, along with the vilest rubbish, are heaped up new copies of the sacred volume, having the leather binding and society's stamp just as issued from the press. Ask the price of one, the answer will be Haublc-baiibla Jcewaste eyh-paisa Sahib (for pipe lights, three-eighths of a penny, Sir). In these hard times the receipt for acquiring a large for tune should be acceptable to readers of the Fretc ' man. Here it is without the usual coupon. Go to India, and buy 200,000 bibles atone half -penny each, another half -penny each will pay freight to London. Sell to the British and Foreign Bible Society for Gd each. You will clear forty thou sand pounds, and the society will save a quarter of a million. ?? ? : . The Kiama Ghost. — As I fear that I am tres passing over much on your patience, I 'will con clude by requesting some kind reader to furnish a full account of this spectre, which I have read of weekly ever since my arrival in this colony. I liave sought information on this head from every 'well-informed man of my acquaintance, but hitherto without success. In the interest of new arrivals generally, I hope this will fetch it. A Bemabkable Funeral at Yass.— On Satur day afternoon last an unusual sight was wit nessed at Yass in the funeral procession, slowly and solemnly wending its way from the camps of the aborigines through the main street to the Catholic Cemetery. The Very Rev. Dean O'Keeffe, 'who administered to the deceased — an aboriginal girl of 16 years of age — the last Sacraments of the Church, met the procession, and walked in front of it to the cemetery, where, surrounded by all the blacks, he read at the grave the burial service. It is to be observed here that the Dean's solicitude for the temporal and spiritual 'welfare ' of these poor creatures cannot be overrated. On Sunday, at the last Mass, when from the pulpit' Dean O'Keeffe recommended her soul to the ? prayers of the congregation, he added that the same morning he offered the 8 o'clock Mass for her eternal welfare. : A Sylock Outwitted. — A Hebrew who appeared a, few days ago in the County Court, Melbourne, ' to ask for an order for the payment of a bill due for a female client, swore that he went to the lady's house for his money, was forcibly seized by two men, and that the lady of the house stood over him with a bar of iron, and by such means forced him to sign documents showing that he was paid for the goods. It is natural to suppose the Jew attempted some kind of extortion. A ship's carpenter at Melbourne has adopted anew method of raising the wind. He hired furniture exten : sively off several Hebrew dealers, and afterwards sold it at low prices. The Poor Governor. — The ultra loyal Echo thus speaks of Governor Loftus : — 'From a tele gram which we published on Saturday it appears that there is no truth in the report that the term of our present Governor is to be extended. The tele gram will hardly have been read with surprise. If there be matter for surprise it is not that the ;, report has been denied, but that it was ever started. It is hardly to be supposed that any sec tion of the people of this colony have expressed a wish that his Excellency's term should be exten . ded, and it is difficult to believe that such a wish has been urged by his Excellency himself. It is r high time that it should be clearly understood f that a governorship in colonies like these can no onger be regarded as a sinecure.' 