GLADYS LEIGH'S CHRISTMAS GIFT. Br FLORENCE HODGKINSON, Authoress of " The Ghost of Avondrdc,"' 11 Yere's Love Story," &c.;, kc. It was Chrislmas time; there could be no doubt of tho fact. The poulterers' shops were filled with gigantic turkeys, other w*re crammed with Christmas cards and New Year's presents, there was a great bustle of preparation in many a comfortable kitchen ; the railway station presented a scene of wild confusion, and every train contained rather more than its proper number of passengers. Ye--, it was Christmas time, and yet Gladys Leigh Fat alone, and, what was sadder, had every prospect of h<r loneliness conlinuingjover the festival wlrch brings peace and goodwill to man. She was barely twenty- two—this Gladys L'igh, whose story wo arc telling—and not twelve months before she had been the heiress of a wealthy merchant had been queen of a splendid London mansion, and the darling of her father's heart. Gladys had been a vrry popular person in those days. People had even called her beautiful. She had boen invited to more parties than she had cared to attend, had been deferred to, petted and courted. But it was all changed now. She was humble companion to Mrs. Macdonald, of No. 36, Sigismund-square; and for her society, her patience, and the whole sacrifice cf her time, opinions, and tastes, she received the startling salary of £20 per annum—con 8iderably less than her employer paid hor! cook ; but then companions were plentiful | and cooks were scarce, which no doubt explains tho difference. She sat alone at breakfast upon Christmas Eve. Mr. and Mrs. Macdonald had started the evening before on a visit to a niece in Yorkshire. The niece had newly returned to England and had not heard of Gladys, so perhaps it was not strange she had left her out of the invitation. The Macdonalds graciously told Gladys she might spend tho day with her friends, but the companion had no friends, and so she sat at breakfast alone on Christmas Eve, with the melancholy prospect of spending the morrow's festival in equal solitude. She was very pretty-—this lonely, illrecompensed companion. She was simply dressed in black cashmere, without an ornament of any kind, but the hair coiled round her little head was of soft golden brown, and her eyes were dark expressive violet. Add that she had a nameless grace of movement and a slight, wellformed figure, and you will have some idea of Mrs. Macdonald's protege. ' Christmas Eve," murmured Gladys to herself. " 0, papa, how could you leave 5 all alone ?" But though she spoke her father's name, tho tears in Miss Leigh's eyes were not all for him. • Sorrow had touched her before the merchant's failure and death. Gladys had been engaged to a young officer, handsome, generous, and devoted, but proud and jealous. They loved each other, but their wills were always in collision, for tho young heiress was spoilt and headstrong, her lover proud aud sensitive; and so, after a more stormy quarrel than usual, Gladys had taken his ring off her finger and he had given her her freedom. Two days later he had left England. She never heard of him again, never a word or line. Six months later her father died, aud she was a penniless wanderer on the face of the world, but her bitter tears were not for her home or brr fortune, not even for the lather who had loved her so dearly, so much as for the noble heart she ha 1 spurned in the summer sunshine. Enter tho servant to remove breakfast. Miss Leigh went to the window and looked out. There were but few passers by. •Sigisnrm 1 ---.-[nnr.- was to > gran l and too exclude to lairacL much traffic. The snow was falling fast and had wrapped the earth in a thick white mantle. Gladys turned with a 6igh. No chance of a walk for her to-day to relieve the monotony of the dreary solitude. She went hock to the fire and took up Mrs. Macdonald's knitting. That lady had a most elaborate counterpane on hand, but as she made mis'akes every time she took it up it seemed likely to engross her energies for some years to come, and also those of her companion for the time being, since upon that functionary fell the duly of correcting hor errois. Gladys worked on steadily, her mind far enough away from Sigismund-square, when the servant brought in a -visiting card inscribed " Mrs. Carew." Miss Leigh repeated the particulars of Mrs. Macdonald's absence, and expected return, but the servant seemed in no mind to hear her. " It's you the lady wants to see, Miss." " Me ?" *' Yes; she asked particularly for Miss Leigh. I've put her in the drawing-room, Miss!" " How cold she will be," thought Gladys, remembering the ice-like temperitnre of that apartment when unblessed by a fire. "Of course it is a mistake, but I had better go and see her." So with one hand smoothing back a rebellious lock of golden hair, she crossed the hall and opened tho drawing-room door. A lady, warmly wrapped in furs, sat by the centro table. She started up as our heroine entered. " Gladys !" They were in each other's arms. They had been schoolfellows, and their friendship had been very warm and constant until Marion Lane went abroad with her father on a foreign tour. The correspondence had languished after a few months, and for two years Gladys had heard nothing of her friend. " And I have really found yon ! Do you know, you wicked child, I have been hunting for you the last six months!" " I have been here nearly a year—ever since " " I know," said Marion, fondly. " Wo read of Mr. Leigh's death in America before we started to come home. I aloays told Claude I must find you out, only we. never could, though we tried hard enough." " It was very good of you, but jou know things are different now,"May. 1 " Are they ?'' said May calmly. 'How!" . " L am Mrs. Macdonald's companion, and I never go anywhere or see any one." . : ".Dr. Allen told mo that. It was ho who.gave .us your address. Gladys, I have come to take y.ou home with mo to spend Christmas." " " But-—-" ' ' "No tuts. Ifltrs. Macdonald makes a •fuss tcll-her you'll" bo my companion instead of hers. Yes, Gladys, I have come up to London and.left everything at home •at sixes and sevens. You must come. Claude is longing to be introduced to you, and there is'a wee flladys I am eager to present to your notice." " Did you really call her after me ?" "Of course 1 Wo called her Gladys Fortescue after our two dearest friends, mino and Claude's."' A strange change came over Miss Leigh's face as she caught the name of Fortescue. Bat she remembered it was common enough. Claude Carew's friend could hardly bo tlie man for whose loss her heart acbcd^so sadly. So she made 110 demur, hut joyfully accepted Marion's invitation. They drove to Victoria station and caught the express train to Asherton. A carriage with dashing bays was waiting for them. It seemed like a breath of the old life to Gladys as she was whirled along swiftly at her friend's side; and when they reached a beautiful old house standing iu picturesque grounds, and a haudsome stately gentleman bade her welcome, telling her ho was glad to see his wife's friend, Gladys began to think Marion had been one of Fortune's favorites. Oh, the chango from the dreary solitude of Sigisraund-square to the life and bustle of Asherlou Hall. The place was all astir with guests aud meirimenl. Holly aud evergreens had been lavishly used in every room, and the gladsome faces round her, the joyous voices that sho heard, 0110 and all proclaimed lo Gladys that Christmas had come. Mrs. Carew herself suporinteuded her toilet. Perhaps sho remembered the days when they dressed together like sisters, for with a pretty tact she placed ribbons, laces and ornaments at her guest's disposal, hut Gladys would take nothing save somo rare hothouse flowers, which she twined iu the curls of her golden hair. " White always suited you," said May, as she settled the folds of the muslin dress. They, went down together to the drawingroom. Mr. Carew took Gladys on his arm and introduced her to his other visitors. " I hope you will be at home with us, Miss Leigh," ho said pleasantly. " May has longed to have you." A pretty childish-looking creaturo sat near them, dressed in white silk and pearls, evidently a bride. She looked so joyous, so completely happy, that sho charmed poor Gladys, and Mr. Carew, seeing the • direction cf her eves, presented her to the young lady—" Miss Leigh, Mrs. 'Fortoscue." Gladys Leigh almost fainted. Then sho sat down by the hiide's tide and listened with what attention she could to her con- versation.- Mrs. Fortescuo was quite ready to talk about herself. Sho told Gladys she and Iter husband had met the Carcws abroad. In fact she was Marion's bridesmaid, and Bertie Mr. Carew's best man. "It was our first meeting," sho said prettily, "ard now, you see, we are married." " Then you are American, Mrs. Fortescue ?" " Oh dear no! I'm English, and so is Bertie. He used to be in the army, but he sold out about two years ago, and went out west." . " And is ho staying here with you ?"' " Why, of course he is," said pretty Mrs, Fortescue, with rather unnecessary vehe- • • mence, " You don't think, surely, he'd send me hero alone, when we have not been married six weeks ?" Poor Gladys! Another moment and the dinnorwas announced. A gentleman advanced 'to Mrs. ForteEcue, and another ' 'offered his arm to Gladys. • The girl started, • the man grew pale as they recognised each other. For; one moment their' thoughts '. went tack to the summer day ' when they parted in anger, and wrecked their life's happiness for ever. • Hti recovered first. Perhaps lie had not so much to regret. - Perhaps ho had.prc- ••'Jsefved more from the "wreck of his life's happiness than Gladys, 'i' '" This is an unexpected pleasure." •l ; ' l l /Bh"e answered nothing. Itreally seemed ,|'sho. could not;.her trembling lips would ! iiot do!her bidding. . " I had prayed I might never see your 'face again," he went on bitterly. " Surely ...thojjvorld was wido enough for you and me. You might have given mo the clianco of forgetting." " I had no idoa I should meet you, . . . and," thinking of the little bride, " I should say you had a very good chanco o£ forgetting." They had taken their seats by this time, but the party was a large one, and the conversation more a number of iete-a-ieies than any general discourse. Gladys sat like a creature in a dream. This was Bertram, her life's love, and opposite her was his wife. She had thought her cup of sorrow was full that morning when sho sat alone iu Sigistnuud-square. She admitted now that it had not then brimmed over. She was roused by Bertram's voice. IIow is Mr. Leigh I Shall I meet him here V he started. I was asking for your father," ho explained. Haven't you heard 1" I have heard nothing. I am but newly returned to Europe." " Ho has been dead a year." "Forgive me," and Bertram's voice had gentle ring. " I am very sorry. "He is better off," said Gladys, softly. Ho was glad to go." " And you?" She was Eilent. " I suppose you think I havo no right to ask, but for auld lang 6yne you might bear with me. Arc you Gladys Leigh still, aud do you live on in the old home ?" I am Gladys Leigh still. . . . I live iu London." Aud not alone, surely ?" Ob no ! I live with Mrs. Macdonald." She is your chaperone; sho takes care of yon ?" I thiuk I am her chaperone, for I take care of her. I order her dinners and pick up the dropped stitches of her knitting— she drops a great many." 'Gladys, what do you mean ?" ' You must not call me that." 'Miss Leigh, then. I left you an heiress and a dozen lovers competing for : hand." Aud you find me companion to an old woman, with no society hut her lap-dog. You need not be surprised. Life is full of ups and downs." Ho never said another word, only there was a strange pained look in his faco. Mrs. Fortescue opposite, noticing his abstraction, rallied him on it. People will say England does not agree with you, Bortram," she said, in her pretty caressing way, " if you look so dull.'' You must laugh for all of us, child," he auswered, and then, after a short pause, ho turned to Gladys. " What do you think of her ?" " Of whom ?"—but sho know. " Of Mrs. Fortescue." "Sho is very sweet and pretty. She seems a perfect child." " Aye, she is little more. Her parents objected to the marriage, but she had set her heart on it." " She-appears devoted to you." "To me?" and Beitraiu stared. "I assure you you are mistaken. We aro very good friends, nothing mor. "Which seemed passing strange, as ho was speaking of his own wife. When the gentlemen returned to the drawing-room, Gladys Leigh was at the piano; singing that sweetest and saddest of all love songs, " Sullivan's Sweethearts"— " Oh, love for a year, a week, a day, But alas for tlie love that loves alway." Bertram Fortescuo went up to her and leaned over her shoulder. " Do you believe iu that ?" Gladys colored. "In what?' " Tlio misery of the love that loves alway. " At least," she said gravely, " it is the only love worth having." " I agreo with you. I will go further : the only love worthy the name of 3ove. r Then as Gladys moved away I10 followed lier to the sofa. " And how much longer do you intend to honor Mrs. Macdonald witli your society ?" I don't know." Yon must have some idoa." Until she tires of me or dies, in which case I must seek out some other old lady to whom I can be siglit and hands and feet." " Eubhish!" said Bertram, bitterly. " It's not the sort of life for you. You're not fitted for it" She auswered nothing. Sho was thinking of the life they liad once mapped out together. Certainly her present fate was different. " Why didn't you marry Ludlow 1" Ludlow was the rival of whom he liad I been most jealous in other days. " Perhaps ho did not ask me." Bertram looked at her'searchingly. "You are -lovelier than ever," he said fiercely; " two years liavo only added to your beauty." " You must not talk like that. It is not right. You know it is not." A strange light came into his eyes. " Can yon call it wrong ?" "Certainly." "To whom!" • Her beautiful violet eyes wandered round the room until they rested on Mrs. Fortescue's pretty childish face. Bertram looked pulizled. "TVhat has Lily to do with it I" But Gladys was too frightened, too taken aback at his words, to stay at his side. Sho crossed the room and sat down on a sofa by Mrs. Carew. What have you done to vex my favourite ?" asked Marion pleasantly.,' "Ho looks as black as night." I have done—nothing." We both like Bertram," said May, naively. " His wife will be a very happy woman, let me toll you, Gladys dear." " Isn't she happy now ?" " Sho does not exist at present." " But your husband introduced me to Mrs. Fortescue, and she spoke of her husband to me as ' Bertie.'" I wonder if Lily over talks of anything but I11T husband. Oh yes, there is no doubt of her felicity, only you see Bertram has nothing to do with it." Gladys stared. "She married Herbert Fortescue, Bertram's cousin and fellow-ofilcer. They would bo poor enough, only Bertram came down handsomely." "Poor!" Mrs. Carew alni03t exclaimed. Why, dear, lie is richer far than Claude. He is Sir Bertram Fortescue, of Bertram Court." Gladys never quite knew how she sat out the rest of the evening. Her old love was free; that seemed almost too much happiness; but, alas, he was rich; if only he had been poor she might ha >'e confessed how bitterly she had repented their quarrel, but sho could not do so now. Ho was wealthy baronet, and she a needy dependent, Christmas morning dawned bright and clear, and the maid, whom Marion' had deputed lo wait on her friend, awoke Gladys, with a cup of coffee and a tray daintily heaped with loiters and parcels. Gladys sat down and opened her presents —Christmas cards from many of the guests who had taken a fancy of the bright-haired girl; a beautiful sealskin jacket from 3May, a bracelet from her husband, and a bunch of flowers purporting to como from Gladys Fortescue Carew. Then the tray was empty, save for a tiny pasteboard box, directed in a hand which brought the hot blushes to Gladys Leigh's cheeks. Kb word or line, nothing but a heap of cotton wool, and reposing in its folds a gold ring with one solitaire diamond, the very ring the young officer had taxed his slender resources to buy for the merchant's heiress two years before, and which she had so disdainfully returned to him. That ring was very much in Gladys' thoughts as she dressed for breakfast. What did it mean ? Surely not that ho loved her still, and was ready to Irust her again. Oh no, he had forgiven her the past and scut her the ring as a kindly memorial of their old intimacy—that was all! She hardly spoke to him at breakfast; she avoided him on the walk to lunch, but Sir Bertram was not the man to be turued from any purpose he had at heart. As Gladys stood alone in the library after luuch, thinking how pleasant the grand old room lookcl in the Christmas: gloaming, some one came softly up to her and 'took her hand. " Gladys." - Sho trembled. " I meant lo give it you back," she said slowly. " I know you thought it kind to give it me, but I would rather, not. It would only remind mq of the past." Ho still held her hand captive. "What made you so hard on me last night? Why. did you tell me I had no right to care what became of you ?" " I thought " " Yes." " I thought Ttrs. Fortescue was 'your wife," said Glidys, going on boldly after the firet plunge. ." You could think that ?" " I never loved hut one woman," he said slowly, " and I am like, yon, Gladys—I believe only iu the love that loves alway." Gladys -said nothing. She stood there in the firelight, thfrflickering flamesmaking a halo lonnd her golden head. \- " You sent ine from you lonely and wretched," he said presently. "Do you know, when.my kinsman died and I came into the family 1 property, I could hardly bear to come homeand see you as Ludlow's bride." " You Will never see me as that." " But I don't want to see you as Mrs. Macdonald's companion. There is only one capacity, Gladys, in which I care to see you." Ho looked into her eyes. She understood. " Give me the ring," he whispered, " and let mo put it in - its own place. Let iny Christmas gift to you, my darling, bo the love that has never died, even when I thought it a 6in." " I couldn't ! Oh, I couldn't I" " You don't love me, Gladys. You havo forgotten me in these eighteen months!" " I havo never forgotten you, only you are rich and great, and I 1 " " You are Gladys," he whispered, " tho little girl I love, whose sweet face I want to make my home full of sunshine." " But they'll say " " Never mind what people say; they'll think you prefer being my companion to remaining Mrs. Macdonald's,-a very flatter- ing conclusion for me." " Are you quite sure," she whispered— sure it is not pity, Bortram ?" " I am quite sure that I love you. It's not pity, Gladys, unless'it's pity for myself. My heart yearned for you, my darling, when my eyes met your sweet face last night. Sweetheart, lot us forget those months of estrangement and go back to tho old days when we were happy." She made him no answer in words, but Sir Bertram understood. Ho opened his arms and took tho weary, tired-out girl into their embraco. He pressed his lips to hers, and thanked Heaven that 'Christmas-tido had indeed brought them joy: That night a gold ring,' set with one largo diamond, flashed on Miss Leigh's white hand; that night Mrs. Carew heard something of the story, and promised that she herself would write to Mrs. Macdonald and break the : news' of her. companion's desertion, provided Gladys and Sir Bertram would let the wedding be at Asherton Hall. And then,' some six weeks later, when the snowdrops were raising their white heads to tho winter sunshine, there was a stately gathering at the little village church, and a plain gold ring replaced^6x$uiKmd which had boon ' - b.. on.. ' Gladys Leigh's Christmas Gift." 1 