THE SERMON. The Rev. T. Cahill, S.J., took his text from the Gospel of the Day, which was singularly appropriate—"I am the Good Shepherd. The Good Shepherd giveth His life for His Who that has faith in the greatness, in the goodness, and iD the divinity of Jesus Christ can fail to see the fitness and the beauty of the figure of the Good .Shepherd under which he presents himself to the Pharisees? The . image implies permanent presence, unceasing watohfulnesB, tender solicitude. Who can ! misunderstand it? There are times when such figures and images give the most copious light to the intellect, and awaken the most intense love within the heart of him who knows Jesus Christ. It seems to him that he feels the presence of his Redeemer, that he meets the glance of that ever-watohful eye, that he drinks in the words which fall from the Divine lips, that he hears and oounts the throbbings of the Saored Heart. Is not the present suoh a time ? Do you not feel that Jesus Christ is here? Did it not seem to you within the last hour that you heard again the words spoken 1800 years ago in Galilee : " Go on, therefore; teach all nations . . . and behold I am with you all days, even to the consummation of the world;" or those others: " Upon this rook I will build my Churoh, and the gates of hell shall not prevail against it." Are yon not assured that He who spoke thus is the real author and the invisible worker of that most solemn aot whioh those who represent Him have done to-day ? Oh, how do such saored ceremonies carry us at onoe to the oentre of Catholio unity, <9nd thence baok to the apostolic age. How grateful must we not feel to Him who has made us sheep of the one fold, under the government of the one Shepherd, his Vicar here on earth. A venerable Arohbishop and venerable Bishops of the Holy Catholio Church have imposed hands on a priest who kneeled in their prepenoe. " Receive,the Holy Ghost," did they say, &B.St.; Paul said when }iia disciples, Timothy and Titus, aooepted, by his. command, the Episcopal Office and dignity. Yon know that what that solemn aot and that splemp invocation signified they in very truth effected. The Holy Ghost did in truth pome down, did in truth enter into the soul, did ixx truth sign it with the same indelible jnark— the Episcopal eharaoter—w.ith whioh, in the beginning, He signed the souls ofthe Apostles. Wnien hewhofcad knelt arqee, those who had . imposed h&ndp; on him welcomed him in the, name of .the whole Catholic Episcopate, of wluoh venerable body he was from that hour a member. In whose name did that imposition of hands take plaoeP In ,the name of, Jesus Christ, apting through his, Vioar, the snooessor of St. Peter, onr Holy Father Pope Leo XIII. By whose authqrity nr«s, the floly Spirit palled down ? By the authority of Him whp gave the Holy Spirit to the Appstipe, ,and Who promised that thp same Spirit tyvopld remain ivith -them if or ever. Wiiy is Jesus Christ present m our midst to-; day? .Why has He infused the plenitude.ofi HisSpiritinto the soul of His priest ? Be-; oanse JEIe is your Shepherd, ^nd "you his, sheep. :He is a gpod shepherd. He loves. you, apd in bis joficute love fie .places oyer, yon, to j;plc( BKs place, another shepherd-^-a m'wwftli V fli? pwii fceartj Wi burning with zeal for His Master's glory and for your salvation. From this day he, ohosen by Jesus Christ, will govern you in His name, zou, who have known him through so many years, rejoioe that he is henoeforwaxd your ohief pastor, for tho testimony of bis life and of his works during twenty-six yesrs assures yon that he will worthily represent Jesus Christ, and be in the truest sense a Good Shepherd. He shrank from the dignity to whioh he was called. He desired t» implore the Sovereign Pontiff to make ohoioe of another; and he consented to accept the proffered dignity only whan he was urged to do so by wise and prudent n»en, who.believed that bv refusing to accept it he would oppose the will of God. This day he makes over to you, so to speak, his whole life, for he is by his consecration wedded to the Church of Ballarat by an indissoluble bond, and he is prepared, if necessary, to give for you hie life in the more perfect and literal sense of the words of Jesna Christ: " The good Bhepherd giveth his life for his sheep." I dare not in his presence speak at greater length of his merits and good works. It was my sad privilege a year pgo to speak at great iength of those of his worthy predecessor. When the grave has closed over the mortal remains of a chief pastor, we may without restraint say what we. could not, without inflicting a wound, say while te lived. I know that J eji^ll aot more in accordance with the wishes of your Bishop by inviting you to turn your thpughts to that venerable body of pastors to which he from this day belongs, who, with due subjection to the Vioar of Christ, govern the Holy Catholio Churoh. That, body is the most venerable that is found on earth, and hence the knowledge of the position of the Catholic episoopate. The. knowledge of its privileges and of its duties must neoessarily fill ns with the deepest veneration for those who are invested with the Episcopal character. In speaking of the Catholio Episcopate I naturally inquire whence it has come? What is its end? What are its privileges and duties ? What has it been hitherto P If we ask how has the Catholio Episoopate oome into existence, we shall find that it is of divine origin. Such in its first title to veneration. If we ask for what end it has been instituted, we shall find that it has been appointed to hold the place of Christ, to guard the deposit of faith reoeived from Him, and by so doing, with due subjection to the Vicar of Christ, the successor of St. Peter, to maintain the unity of faith whioh is the glorious privilege of the Catholic Church. In the third place, the Catholio Episcopate is worthy of veneration on account of the testimony whioh the history of all ages gives in its favour. In every age the Catholio Episcopate has, by its aution and influence, promoted true progress and civilisation. In every age illustrious and holy men, members of the Episoopate, have shed lustre on their Order—have glorified God and His Churoh by learning, by sanotity, by suffering. Suoh are the three points with which I purpose to oooupy your attentipn. In naming the Episoopate I use the word in the most comprehensive sense, and withoat any limitation. The Episcppate, as a body, dies not. There has been, and there must necessarily be, an uninterrupted succession from the days of the Apostles, wbQ were the first bishops, dowp to Jibe present day. The Episoopate is one—unlimited as to time—unlimited as to place. Such is the thought of St. Cyprian, writing iu the third century: "We bishops, above all, ought with one mind to defend the unity of the Churoh, so that we may prove the Episoopate to be one and indivisible; it is indeed one, spread abroad in the concordant multitude of many bishops." The Episoopate is of Divine origin. The constitution.of the Catholio Churoh, the subjeotion of the faithful to the iooal pastors, the subjection of looal pastors to the bishopB, and ,the subjeotion of all to one oentral authority, is, as is seen in an instant, the most perfeot that oan be imagined, and the beBt united for maintaining unity of government, unity of discipline unity of faith. Hoy, what is the history of the Constitution ? Whence pomes it ? Who is its author? Is it the fruit of the profound and long-continued studies of wise and prudent men, aided by the experience qf past ages ? Is it the fruit of a victory gained by one or two or more opposing parties, ^rho had been long at variance ? Is it thp result of a compromise between suoh parties, who had learned hy sad experience the evils of discord, and who at length agreed to make mutual concessions ? We seek for such predisposing causes .when we study the origin af earthly kingdoms and empires. ThuB do we proceed when we study the history of Athens, of Sparta, of Rome,of.Carthage. But we must proceed in a totally different manner when we study' the origin of tha constitution of the Catholio Ghnrdh, and the origin of the Episoopate, -whioh is an .essential constituent of it. The formation of the Church and the formation of bar constitution in things essential is the result of the direct action of God. "As the Father hathsent Me,' I also send yon," said the Redeemer to the first bishops. The twelve to -whomjtbe words were addressed passed away within ia few years. Did the mission oome to an end ? No, for if we repall a scene whioh took^)laoe in Galilee after the Resorreotjon, ve phall find in the words of the Jiadeemer-addresaea to the eleven, the assucanae that the mission shall end only with-time: "Going ttaaoh all nations . • • and behold Iam wi^ yon all days even to the oonsninmation -Bl,. the world.-" 'The same *CTth, that is stiie iBivMie origin of the mission.find most clearly expressed iii the words St.J Baal , addressed to bishops on' whomfaB. or come one • of .the apostles, had imposed >huids. < '•MUke heed to yourgslves and to tlw orliolaCflod^ wherein the Holy Ghost hath plaoed yojjr bishops to govern the Churoh of God which He hath, purchased by His blood." From snoh passages, and frompthers whioh it is need - less to cite, it follows most olparly that the episcopal order is qf Divine "rijr'n. lis establishment is attributed now (o JJBP-B Christ, nqff to the Holy Ghost* now to the Eternal Father. It comes therefore from God, - T^e bishops of the Catholio Church are the divinely appointed guardians of the deposit of faith. St Paul addressing a bishop reminds him of the duty of his office: "O Timothy, keep that whioh is oommitted to thee, avoiding the profane novelties of words and ppposit ion of knowledge falsely so oalled." The deposit of faith inohides pH truths revealed in Holy Scripture Mid tradition. The biftbpps are the guardians and the witnesses of snoh truths. A most rem tunable opportunity of exercising the privilege W?B once afforded them by the Sovereign Pontiff, Pius IX. TheChurct possesses the gift of passive infallibility, in virtue of yhioh God will never permit an error on a ppint qt doctrine to prevail thrpugh a considerable portion of the Church. One individual may err, another may err; but error oan never prevail amongst $ large number of the faithfal. When, therefore, $ belief beoon^es all but universal, its universality is a strong argument in favour of its truth. The Sovereign Pontiff interrogated the bishops as to the belief of tjie faithful regarding the exemption of the Most Holy Virgin from the stain of original sin. In so interrogating, he acted in striot accordance with the Constitution of the Church. With one voioe all gave the required testimony, and when the doctrine of the Immalculate Conception of the Most Holy Virgin was solemnly proclaimed, the immense number of bishops from all parts of the Catholio Churoh, who travelled to Rome to assist, proves the high ejs.teem in whioh the Episoopate hold every truth of Catholio belief oommitted to their charge. The Catholio Episoopate exercise, in the most solemn and authoritative manner, their offioe of guarding the deposit qf faith, when, in obedience tP the command of the Sovereign Pontiff, they assemble in an (Eoumenioal Council to legislate and to decide questions of doctrine. It is a truth of Catholic faith that such a Council, presided over by the Sovereign Pontiff, is a divinely constituted tribunal, and is so efficaciously aided by the Spirit of God that its decisions are to be received as coming from God. Suoh a Council has the right to preface its decisions with the solemn words whioh were uped by the first Council over which St. Peter presided: "It hath seemed good to the Holy Ghost and to us." Into such decisions, therefore, error cannot enter. Thus it is th^t through the Sovereign Pontiff ^nd the Episcopate divinely aided unity of faith is maintained in the Roman Catholic Church. We have seen such an assembly of bishops in pur own days. Frpm every land under the sun did they hasten to Rome, in obedience to (,he oommau : of the successor of St. Peter, whose authqrit.v extends to every land, and regards not the frontier lines which divide nation from nation. The older nations qf Europe, whioh have sprung from the Latin race, were represented in that assembly. The Magyars, too, and tho Teutons, and the Slavs. Bishops who owed allegiance as subjeots to Mahommedan and infidel princes were there ; China, and Japan, and India, and Africa, and America, and Australia were represented by their bishops. Differing, as they did, in raoe and in language, yet they were one in mind—one in heart —one even in language, through the wisdom of the Catholic Church in adopting and making her own that most refined and cultivated language whioh was spoken at Rqme when St. Peter chcse that city as his dwelling place. One pqint of doctrine was discussed long and warmly in that assembly; but when a decision was come to, when the decree went forth as to what is the Catholic faith on that point, with what unanimity was that doctrine reoeived. An attempt was made by a small number of deluded men to create a schism. What has oome of that attempt t It has failed—it has even by its failure plaoed in a more splendid light the great principle of unity whioh is found in the Catholio Church. History, I have said, gives testimony in favour of the Catholio Episcopate—history understood in the true sense, not that history whioh, to use the expression of De Maestre, has "been for the last three hundred years a conspiracy against the truth. I can but refer to a few salient facts and to a few solid cpndusions deducible from them. Let us turn our thoughts to that .period which is called the dark jtgea—in whicU period, if there were grept rudeness of manners and ' absence' of modern, refinement, there was likewise solid piety and lively faith. T&ese; were "M$ of blood ; war was almost the normal state of Society. How did it oome to paas that in those ages kings, and prinaps, and knights, on certain day8, an4 at certain s^ason^, !§ud aside sword, and lanae, &n;<l helmet, and kneeled with their deadliest enemies before the altar, and the image of Christ cracified ? Beoanie the Buihops of the Catholic Church had appealed their better "feelings, and awakened within t&eir; hearts senUments Pf Christian' ohpity. To the action 6t the a^mbM'iri^CfomMl. W'&e; 1% -ttripS of GodjtO faiti" of ^mit ^sJsftCaeSi! to bear. arms' Or engig& in ,ppnffict op Bniir days -Sift TfawdSySr aid' penance. Who Aoes not .see 1B>W the, truoiPfi God WMt' havp'teniJed to re toanbtt?, Tto refioy§ faataed, aria fo j>«« peace. ^tfcej; M^B in the middle ages may, 'Wtt^fif.l error, ''loRh^f. I nations at the present day "To the same cause may be attributed tbe amelioration of the lot of vafBals and slaves who in those ages •were often treated with tbe utmost harshness. Various Councils condemned In the strongest terms the oondu-t of the cruel oppressors of the slave, and thus led to the abolition of slavery in modern times. In tbe eyes of the Ohuroh the slave was of as muoh value as the master, and henoe the bishops made every effort to induce masters to regard their slaves, not as beings of an inferior race, but as brethren in Jesus Christ. In the same spirit the Catholic Churoh, through her bishops, treated the poor and the suffering with the greatest ohanty. A portion of the revenues of every ohuroh were set BBide for their relief. A meeting, whioh was held at Melbourne a few days ago, reminds us of that spirit of charity whioh was promised by the action of the bishops in the middle Bges. The object of the meeting was to establish a Community of the Little Sisters of the Poor, who devote their lives to the oare of the aged siok and poor. It is needless to say that the projeot is approved and blessed by his Graoe the Arohbishop of Melbourne, for the spirit of the Catholic Episoopate is ever the same. I have said that the Catholio Episoopate has been illustrated by the learning, the sanctity, and the sufferings of an immense number of bishops in every age. They are so numerous that, when I desire to single out a few, I feel embarrassed. When we gaze on the firmament, when the stars are shining brightly, we feel at times a diffioulty in determining to whioh amongst them we shall direot our attention. Even so is it when we turn over the pages of eoolesiaBtical history, and oount over the names of those who have shed lustre on the Episoopate. God raised up as witnesses of the truth a number of holy men, whose witness have survived them, ana are a most precious treasure. Now, it is a remarkable faot that almost all such holy men, who are styled Dootors of the Church, belong to the Episoopal Order. In the east we find on the list of dootors St. Cyril of Jerusalem, St. Cyril of Alexandria, St. Athanasius, St. Gregory Nazianzene, St. Basil, St. John Cbrysoitom; in the west—St. Augustine, St. Ambrose, St. Hilary, St. Anselm, and 8t. Isidore; and, in more modern times, St. Bonaventure. St. Francis of Sales, St. Alphonsus Liguori—all of the Episoopal Order, all most useful agents in the hands of God for the conservation of the deposit of faith. Other members of the same order have glorified the Churoh by suffering. How often did not the annotating of the head of the bishop at conseoration prepare it for a crown of thorns? How often did not the pastoral staff support tbe steps of the bishop on his way to Calvary ? Suffering, when borne bravely and fearlessly for justioe's sake, glorifies him who suffers, and Him for whom he suffers. Shall I speak to you of a St. Basil? " Never," said the judge, before whose tribunal he appeared, "never has man spoken with such oalmnness and unoonoernednn» " << Perhaps this is the first time," said the Saint, " that you have spoken with a Catholio bishop." Shall I speak of St. John Cbrysotom, persecuted because he defended the truth, exiled, and dying in exile f Shall I name St. Athanaeius, the glorious defender of the Divinity of Christ, pursued and persecuted by the enemies of the faith, and compelled for a long time to hide himBelf in the tomb of his father ? On returning to the west, shall I speak of St. Thomas of Canterbury P His life during his Episcopate was a continued struggle against a king who endeavoured to enslave the Church. The Saint, firmin defending the Church and her independence, never for a moment wavered. " Will nope of those who eat my bread," petulantly exclaimed the king, " rid me of thiB priest, who gives me more trouble than all the rest of my subjects?" Enoouraged by these words a few wicked men resolved to carry out the wish which was clearly implied. They found the Archbishop in prayer in his Church. As he beheld them approach he arose to meet them; he knew by a special revelation that he was about to die. " I am ready to die for God, for justice, and for the liberty of the Church," were his last words ; words worthy of an Archbishop defending even till death the truths which he had taught during life. Coming to modern time, about 90 years ago, at the time of the Frenoh Revolution, three bishops and 200 priests were thrown into prison in Paris. The infuriated mob broke into the prison and slew every one of them. Only 30 years ago a similar soene was enaoted in the same city. An archbishop and a number of priests were detained for forty days iu prison. He died gloriously in aefenoe of the Catholic faith, surrounded by a noble band of Carmelites, Dominioans, and Fathers of the Sooiety of Jesus. In China and the Corea numbers of bishops have laid down their lives rather than trample on the Cross and burn inoense before idols. They, like good shepherds, and like so many otters, gave their lives for their sheep. 1 What happened then has happened in all ages, henoe the veneration in whioh the Episoopal Order is held in the Catholio Ohuroh. " My Lord, in the name of your people, I congratulate yon upon your elevation to the Episoopal Order. When you look upon your people, on your olergy, on the members of the Orders of the Sisters of Mercy and of Loretto, the good Christian Brothers, the good Catholic masters and mistresses of sohools throughout your diocese, look with love upon your people a people worthy of love, a people strong in faith. Remember those subjeot to yon in Christ, knowing that you must render to to Christ aa aooount of their souls. ' And believe, my Lord, that throughout your life yon will find consolation, peace, and joy in working for this fiook. When St. Anselm, or St. Thomaa A'Beoket asoendedj tbe throne of Canterbury, we may be assured tbe spirit of the firstarchbishop was near and looked with oomplaoenoy on them. When, later, bishops asoended the throne of Armagh, we may be assured tbe spirit of St. Pstriok hovered near and beheld with oomplaoenoy. And we may well believe that the first Bishop of Ballarat is present here in the spirit to-day, and from that throne on wbioh God has raised him for his zeal and good works is filled with joy and satisfaction, and looks forward to the day when he will meet his successor on tbe other side. May this day be long delayed. Long may you be spared to merit by faith and labour in good works that crown of glory, which Jesus Christ, the just judge, has laid up as well for the faithful people as the faithful pastor." 