CAULFIELD DOINGS. Bx u The YFoem." The work since my last has b?en of aq on- interfiling nature, that of tbe Gup borees being restricted to long, medium work, fiitoLiug up at half-pace for about a mile and a half, in which C-.-I.-ioud, Camerine, and lately have taken tlitir roptctive pans. Scaramouch, who is going sound and well again, has been treated to Jor.g rani firing exercise, with an occasional rpurt for about three furlongs will) the Ncxmimter colt. The Cup liorie is big und wuecular, and ha® a sice Ely le of going- Chuekstcr bos not put in an appearance during the week. Sir Charles and Jackdaw hare been doing good priding work, over bslf a mile. »reu? and Duenna combining some quiet, cantering and spurting for about three fur longs. Satellite has been doing long medium work, flushing up strong the last half milfi. Spsrian, his stable companion, being eimilurlj treated. Outurio and Deceiver, before Wyodbam, put ia ti'jme useful work. The pair were nut walking exerctoe since, apparently cone -tbe worse for tbrir journry. Uinbrto is pottering about. He is filling out and looking well. Jack Roach, Orlaodn, and The King of tbe Ring cok have been put thronwh Home cii'eriug aud spurtiog, over four furlougs, in compauy. Friendless, C«anr, Veritas, and Nautilus wiud up some quiet exerciee with a round at a good half pace. Angler has done ubp?u1 work over the schooling fcnc-s. Syphon has joined Mr. Connolly'e team. The old horsR to looking pretty well. Nuvfiltot has hei-n doiug ureful work. Tne Bras De Fer cok, with seck- sweater, g.'te round a couple of tim? At a good fair bot. and BbCYta t'- like l.to work. Ditto put io u goud Uffiful mile and a quarter, David acc >mpauyiug him the Hrst iix furlongs, thu D?rby cjU sLupiug very TTAL Dargo, bis stable companion, gel? through ).'i:g intdium woslf, brushing along for four <-r live furlongs. Discount has put in acme half pace work. ? ' p" "a-iniii.il i - Defiance was treated to long steady exercise, and appears very eager to be going. | Coriolaous has beefi doing long quiet work, < improving the pace « bit the last couple of rounds. The old fellow is looking and going quite gay. Olfaers of this string have cot put ip an appearance. Egbert and Rory have beru finishing up some quiet exercise with an occasional flutter, over half a utile, both apparently liking their work. Rudder has been doing medium work, and be is steadying down to it. Canute and Tipptty WitcUelt hare been doing useful work. Cupola has finished up some long steady exercise, with a brush home the lost four furlongs ; Merry Fenella being similarly treated. Tbe Steeplechase horso Vivian is also an absentee. Countryman, looking a lower of streogth, has been doing his three and four rounds at a good cantor, improving the pace a bit the last half mile. Precious Stone, looking fresh and healthy, following surf. Liddiogton is jogging along steadily. Tbe Laird is iu useful work, and ia going Strong and freely. Bcresford is doing medium exorctoe. Norfolk, Tumult, Nuncio, and Tbe Ghost have been going along steadily. Rowe fans a couple in wiuk, a son of ; Yvung Angler, bug a chestnut boree un- namod ; tbe latter to a good j umper, but app-ar? to b" ons of the fretful kind. Violet has been going in good style over ; half a mile. Sir Samuel end Tan dt ichor have put in some good eeiTiceaUe work during the week. Mr. Long has unfortunately had to shoot Rory ; he got cast in his box, and broke tbe small bono of Lie leg- 