SECHOES OF MELBOURNE. (BY Tam GnosT.) - As the date for the assembling of Parlian ment approaches, the mutterings of the discontented little band that intends to fight under the banner raised by Major Smith and Mr. Mirams are assuming a definite form, and some of the counts in the indictment against the Ministry are being formulated. The Opposition will' base their attack upon lthe faults of omission rather than upon those of com. mission, and in this they no doubt display a large amount of wisdom, for the staunchest opponent of the coalition would find it diffidult to point out any symptom of " diseased activity" on the part of the Government, who have taken good care to leave no peg whereon censure can be hung by not diverging from the beaten track of routine, and, in fact, never doing anything when doing nothing would serve the pur pose equally well. The Land Bill to be introduced by Mr. Tucker, who, with the -blushing honours attaching to his successful" scheme for settling the Mfallee country thick upon him, undertakes the chaperonage of the new measure with a light heart, is, it is said, tp meet with strenuous opposition. On what grounds? As the measure has not: yet been drafted it would indeed be difficult to say. The resolution at .which the Ministry is reported to have irrived, to rescind the silly motion affirmed .by the Assembly during the existence of the O'Loghlen Government, precluding the Lands Depart ment from dealing with any proclaimed reserves without the express sanction of Parliament, is also- likely to provoke adverse comment, and the repeal of the stock tax, recommended: by the Tariff Commission, is also, if possible, to be made into a casus belli. As the proposition for the abolition of this import emanates from Mr. Mirams, there is every probability of a division in the ranks of the Adullamites, and Mr. Service and his colleagues look upon the Opposition therefore with a large amount of complacency. They will, it is now as certain as anything can be in this world of uncertainties and surprises, last during the existence of the present Parlia ment. Then, perhaps, the "native vote" may make itself felt, and young Aus tralia, which sooth to say has Radical tendencies, may come to the front and dis turb the calculations of the astutest of prophets. However, " sufficient: unto the day is the evil thereof," and for the present the Coalition is the only possible Ministry. The country is alike sick of Radicals and Conservatives, and would, as Mr. Cuning ham, the senior member for Geelong, once said, "go for old Nick himself" if he offered them peace and prosperity-and kept his promise. Messrs. Service, Deakin, and Gillies have been banqueted at a place which to Cockney ears atast is appropriately known as Whittle sHa. They wore invited by the Parliamentary representatives of the district in order that " in an easy and acceptable- manner" --the requirements of the constituency might be prominently brought under their notice. In reply to the usual toast of "tthe Ministry," the three lonourable gentlemen all spoke. But their utterances were only words, words, words, and not the slightest indication was afforded of which of the many "social matters" upon which they intended to legislate is first to receive attention. Perhaps the three gentlemen named hardly know. more themselves than did theio hearers. Hence their silence. Mr. Campbell, the lately appointed Post master-General, is generally credited with haying acted wisely in not allowing Mr. Donaldson to drag him before the Court as the defendant in a criminal action for libel. Doubtless the honourable gentleman thought that his present Ministerial posi tion was one to which the dictum noblesse oblige peculiarly attached. Irascible letter writers will learn a moral from the episode, and besides have some fixed data to go upon when they.desire to indite abusive epistles. The tariff for calling a ship chandler "a shark" is £50, to be paid to the poor box, and costs, amount ing to a somewhat, similar amount. For various sums . ranging, say, up to £100, persons might perhaps be permitted to call others with whom they differed in matters of business " swordfish," " octopuses," -or even liken them unto whales. Pressmen had now . also better beware. True, it is asomewhat hackneyed illustration that compares a politician to a "cuttle-fish" that muddies the water surrounding-it in- order to hide its move ments from its foes." But besides being stale, it now turns out to be libellous; so members of the fourth estate will now be forewarned. Perhaps it would be well to formulate for their guidance a rule for bidding the association of " the represen tatives of the people" with anything " fishy." . , The suspension of -payment by: the Oriental Bank has afforded some fresh illustrations of the truthl of the proverb that avers it to be an ill wind that does not blow favourably to someone. "Unfor tunate" members of the civil service, for instance, who received their monthly cheques and exchanged them for notes of the establishment that has just closed its portals, have been furnished with a- good and valid excuse for, not liquidating their tradesmen's accounts, and speculators have been enabled to earn an honest penny by purchasing the one pound promises to pay for sums varying from ten to fifteen shillings. And above all, an opportunity has been afforded some " smart" possessors of Oriental Bank notes.. of stealing a march upon the less wide-awake members of the community. One publican, who does a little in the way of contracting, had supplied himself With '£200 in £5 notes to pay hIis employes. Hearing of the crash at about one o'clockl; he chartered a cab, and calling on a number of hIis brother Bonifaces and "shouting" at each halt, tendering one of the " flvers" in payment, actually got rid of thle whole forty'withlin an hour, at a cost of- a couple of pounds ! It was not muntil a-later hour in the ifter noon thle simple Bonifaces, who had been treated -by their follow tradesman, dis covered how good and open-hearted lie really wss. And in regard to these valu able notes some persons are asking whethler those who passed- them, knowing them at the time to be worthless, cannot bo made to return the amounts received. To people unacquainted with the subtleties of .tie law, there appears to be no great difference between tendering a cheque inevitably to be returned with the letters "N.S.F." en dorsed upon it, and receiving money for a bank note known to be bad. It would be worth while ascertaining wherein the dif ference lies. Perhaps some of the "vic tims" may fool inclined to test the point. Its their method of seeing and conquering thd IRailway Commissioners are worthy rivals of Cmsar. Two dclays suffice, to them, to inspect "officially" upwards of 250 miles of line. On Monday. at half-past eight in thddmorning' they left Melbourne, and on S adnesda, shortly after ten at night, ri r -tame d-crt ha-met rpois;,- aving perform toe duties incidehtial'tot l k tn thetraffi d ascertainig tl\o requoour oants of tli itholel of the 'north-eastern sy?teen of on ational railtlvys, ,Wuit i s borne ii find that twlbfl ti' thl'b" &oe; ( 6hissione, r entire l'ovies in 1ilte'y 1 p emqm, t 'ltpassengers to' 'ddatedin clear comfortabl'e hiitignilig[Vta lWldn are the hances of accidents t6ibifminimised ? And bovirdUjwhseriaret the O 'er Fiilent l inel?, odrltanmhged.:'on.l tht' "iconimerciil oprhiti 4iplsa'hltoiet-'.thd iadv'aeit6df:dtr S Speigiht nd",hids"colleagued wereo.tbdnaslguiste' ,'roirptedenst p$ledAbo.itOvCil aildFlo . .lune Qafe to (prophecy any nearer date thladl . ayt4tlre OrdCokl'alendsegw q, !dt?:,i 'Ar.oturiolhas juai;be'eiuilpaesentedlby the head hfs.tlah.'detoetive.. pelidos'to:tbhe.Chief Commissionev, .einohicll, ialba coungratu lation is indulgddlditiv bedd4use's dliii4 the quarter ending on March 31pout'!df 126 persons arrested, upwardsoof T00 wero?doaf victed on being brought to'trial., wrWhed the return is closely scanned, it, however, leaves very little cause for liride. Nearly twenty-five per cent. of the accused escaped the meshes of the law,and some of the perpetrators of the m~ost daring outrages-the Hoisham bank robbers and the murderer of Beach to wit \--are still undiscovered. Apparently "the force" are aware of their own inefficiency, dand within the last few weeks the "phizig" syptem, junder which old 'criminals at large were kept in the pay of the police to assist in "detecting" crime, has -booii re sorted to. But for this assistance it is 'very unlikely that the men who assaulted Mr. Boetts in a cab in a lane off Little Bourke-street would have been run to earth by the detectives, and subsequently convicted. During the week lovers of the senisational have been able almost daily to "sup full of horrors." The Panmure murder, in which a man named Morgan is accused of having outraged a child of some ten years of age, And subsequently of cutting her throat, to silence for ever the victim of his brutality, is now before the Court at Warrnambool in all' its revolting reality. A cruel murder has been committed at Emerald Hill by a man named Browning, said to hail from Tasmania, who, in cold blood, battered the life ' out of the poor woman lie had sworn to love and cherishl; and a 'boiler explosion at Ballarat has caused the death of one woman and seriously injured anotlher. The further investigation into the alleged case of fratricide at Brighton may aldo be added to a list which would gratify the readers of the "dreadfullest" of "penny dread fuls." SA certain section of the community are at the present, to use their pet phrase, "much exercised in their minds" over the doings of a number of persons who will persist in making the first day of the week a holy day after their own fashion. They' have succeeded in preventing the readings of scriptural extracts, and the performance of sacred music, advertised to take place at the Theatre Royal-not on the score of their being an infringement of the com mandment to keep the Sa.bath holy, but because money was to be taken at the doors. ll-natured people draw the not unnatural conclusion' that the churches fear the rivalry of a 'more attractive ser vice. But the Turn Voroin give a.similar concert every Sunday evenilg, at whicll the newest valses and polkas ale perfornied, and the society, beidg"a private 'one, is allowed to treat its bearers to those "devil's tunes" witlout let or hindrance. Thore is so much feeling shown in the matter that,' if rumour be correct, the Legislature is to be' asked to bring in a measure dealing with Sunday amusements of all kinds. One great dilliculty in framing a bill will be in drawing the line between secular and sacred music. The Salvation Army will find itself in an awkward quandary. The well-known refrain, " For lie's ae jolly good fellow" is with this section of the Church militant a favourito hymn tune, and the chorus 'from 11 Paritani, to which the words "Oh, no! we'll never get drunk any more I" have been adapted, is a recog nised one in their psalter. The discussion as to which class of harmony can claim these airs will be most interesting. All the theatres are at present doing a "roaring trade." At the Princess the "Queen's Favourite" is a favourite of the public also, and at the Bijou the house is nightly crammed with the patrons and attinirers of opera bouffe under Miss Emelio' Melville. "Fun on the Bristol" still runs at the Royal, despite the "slating" the inane piece of buffoonery has received at the hands of the Press, while the Majeronis atthre Opera House are minister ing to the more fastidious taste of the Melbourne public. May 9. 