MATRIMONY IN INDIA. The first few clays in an Indian liouio do indeed seem strange to every new- comer from Europe. The extreme publicity of life in those largo rooms, each having access to tho other by many doors, which invari ably stand open to admit free currents of air, veiled ouly by heavy purdahs (or our tains), from behind which swift, silent, bare footed attendants suddenly appear, and as noiselessly vanish again, like white-robed ghosts. Some one has described an Indian bedroom as a, " soction of a stroot with a bod in it!'—an account which I recoyuisod as true to tho letter when first awakened at about 5 a.m.—i.e., beforo sunrise—by see ing a couple of bearers bringing in lamps, and a curious-looking bhcestio, or water carrier, filling my batli from a black buffalo skin ; another man bringing hot water, and a fourth with " chota hazeri," or small breakfast of tea and fruit. Such an awakou ing seemed in truth lilco a bit of some curious dream of Arabian Nights; how to proceed with tho mystories of a morning toilotto was. roally a serious consideration with all these brown beings flitting about, aud always appearing when least expeoted. Beforo I was half dressed in came another relay to tuck up tho mosquito curtains, aud stood salaaming in solomn silence waiting I for orders, which, of courso, I was unable i to give, so could only staro at them ad I mivinrclv. A.s there was uo lady in the luxurious homo of the " merchant prinoo " who so hospitably welcomed mo on my first lauding in India, there wore no waiting- women in attendance, which accouutod for all those masculine api aritio, is, whereat my English maid was even more bewildered than I was myself, though life on board ship had accus tomed us pretty well to sudden incursions of stewards and quartermasters. Nor was it very long before she, like a good many white women, learnt to look on all meu of colour as, mere lay-figures, whoso solo purpose in life was to wait her goodwill aud ploasure in all things. The number with whom, she , very soon contrived to, share the chargo of my sister's two children would puzzle most nursos. Not that her attendants were lim ited, to brown men. She was a damsel of calm aud comely presence, who seemed born for life, in the tropics, inasmuch, as she grow, daily more fresh aud rosy. Soon her (fame wont forth, and tho notion.of allowuig such an unappropriated blessing to return go Britain was too much for the many sor geants and clerks and other officials whose chanco. of wives depends on waiting for somebody's widow, or marrying a lialf-caste or a soldiers orphan from, the Lawrence Asylum,. So it camo to pass that from, dis tant stations came letters from, men well-to do, stating their exact circumstances,, the number of their rupees, various advantages in the way of carriages, and servants, and the date ou. which they could take leave; of • absence and come ancl fetch lior, should she !honour them with her hand.. I should be i afraid to;state how many, such wero.kopt ifi ; play, like jugglers' balls, ami how, many, pho nographs were sent. to!, and, fro. For the : credit oi; tho sex, I must acki that she re fused to.lofiyo.ns till wp were safely landed in, England, when, she. returned, to marry • the poorest of the lofc,_ but one., whom, she •had: seen. \- jSorae of these.matrimonial arrangements amused, us considerably frojij, the extreme velocity, with.which the inconsolablo widows ;of oiu- soldiers find ' froslrfields and pastures new ;' a variety, apparently, not always dis ;pleasing to these,dames. One lady told me how, during her husband's absencp. with his regiment ou' service of some danger, she •htid gone to seo some of, their wives, and Icheer.them:up,with good accounts, of tho ■absent, She was much touchcd by seeing • one w.omau burst into tears, and strovo to ;comfort her, by assuring her, that indeed ; there .\vjap'.no, furthor daiiger, and, every reason to hope a, few, days would, bring the Iregiment,. back, in, safety. '-' Ah, ma'ani," ! exclaimed, tho woman, still; sobbing^ " it isn't that at all that troubles me: but you soe, ma'am,.tliero's hardly, a woman, in. the ,1'egiment as,hasn't had,two husbands,, and a m(iny of them three—and most of. them's had one sergeant—wherp's I've never, had ■ but tho one, and hfiyp^been a;private, allthe time J" 