THE CAULFIELD RACE MEETING. [BY ELECTRIC TELEGRAPH.] MELBOURNE, October 19. [FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.] The Caulfield Spring Meeting, under the auspices of the Victorian Amateur Turf Club, was continued on Saturday. The weather was dull and showery, but the course was in good order. There was a large attendance, including his Excellency the Governor and suite, and many visitors from the other colonies. The following are tho results of the various events:— Selling Rack. Mtajake (O'Brien) 1 Castaway (Cracknel]) 2 Stonebroke (Barr) 8 The other starters were Tell Tale, Hannibal. Achmet, North Light, Polestar, Hopetoun, Pan, and Satire. Betting: sto 2 against Stonebroke, 3to 1 Castaway, 4 to 1 Mistake. In the run home Mistake drew off from the field, and won by a length and a-half. Time, lmm. ssec. Second Hurdle Race. Hazard. 10st. lllb. (Kins) 1 Oasalier.lost.mb. (Cubitt) 2 Tattler, 9st. 71b (Macklnley) 3 The other starters were Don Quixote, Sun* downer, Sinking Fund, Skobeloff, Tantaliser, Betting: sto 2 against Gasalier, sto 1 Don Quixote, 6 to 1 Sundowner and Hazard. Skobeloff showed prominently from the start, and led Tantaliser by a couple of lengths along tho back of the course, followed by Hazard and Sinking Fund. Nearing the home turn Skobeloff collapsed. Gasalier then took up the running, but was headed at the distance by Hazard, who won by three lengths. Time, 4min. 3sec Nursery Handicap. Thei Teacher, Bat 51b. (Moore) 1 Wolseley,Bst. (Nicholson) 2 Ocista Williams) S First Pop, Violet, Bullfinch, Westminster, Danseuae. Merry Christmas, Gasburner, Dcla mia, Chablis, and Narroween also started. Betting: 3to 1 against The Teacher and Violet, 4 to 1 Danseuse, 5 to 1 Ocista and Wolaeley Wolseley cut out the running and led into the straight, attended by Ocista, with Tho Teacher close up, and coming very fast. A grand struggle ensued opposito the stand between Wolscley and The Teacher, the latter eventually winning by a head, Ocista being third, the same distance away, and Violet fourth. Time, 59sec. Caulkield Cup. Blink Bonny, 7sU 31b (Blair) I Lord Wilton, 6st. lllb (Walker) 2 Vergy, 7st. 71b (Robertson) 3 The following horses also started :—Malua, Martini-Henry, Fryingpan, Ringwood, Despot, Boolka, Rapid, Capri, Colstoun, Hastings, Britisher, Claptrap, Yately, Battaillous, Con jecture, Ironhand, Bend Or, Privateer, Signor, Norfolk, Vernet, The Agent, Flying Jib, Helene, and Lavington. Betting: 4to 1 against Vergy, G to 1 Col. stoun.lOto 1 Martini-Henry, 12tol Fryingpan, Hastings, and Hclenc, 15 to 25 to 1 against others. After Ironhand had broken away, the field were fairly despatched. The first to show in frontwereMartini- Henry,Claptrap, Lavington, Colstouß, Yately, and Lord Wilton. At the distance Lavington took up the running, and led past the stand; Yately, Bend Or, and Vergy were together, Malua and The Agent being last. Shortly after the stand was passed Signor's rider fell off. In getting up the hill Lavington and Yately made all the play at a merry pace; Battaillous, Helene. Rapid, Norfolk, and Vergy followed; and Col stoun headed the ruck. Racing along the back of the course Yately assumed command of affairs; Lord Wilton also took up a better position, and Vergy came fast on the outside. Yately continued to lead into the .home turn, but gave way at the distance to Blink Bonny, who ran home the easiest of winners by two lengths from Lord Wilton. A length separated Vergy from the second horse, and half-a-length behind came Malua fourth, Claptrap fifth, Helene sixth, Yately seventh, then came Lavington, with the rest in a cluster, Bend Or being last. Time, 2min. 40isec. Open Stekplechask; Straggler, tot. 91b (Kilduff) 1 kcho, lOst. 61b. (Kea(ing) 2 Denmark, lOat. 51b (Croc) 3 The other starters were Moolpa, Marquis of Waterford, Taraxacum, Deceiver, Wymlet> Fame, Goodwood, and Chester' Betting: 3 to 1 against Marquis *>f Water ford, 4 to 1 Fame, 6 to 1 Deceiver and Moolpa; At the home turn Echo led by a length from Denmark, with Fame and Struggler next; but at the distance Struggler drew away to Echo, and a magnificent race resulted in the foimer winning by a neck. Echo was a length an<! a half in front of Denmark, with Deceiver fourth. Time, srain. 32acc WINDSOR IIANDIC I". Mozart, 7at. (Flan><g>in) 1 Hurricane, 88t 101b. (-mitlii 2 Irralee, Bst 121b (Kilby) a The following horses alno ran :—Uiyul Irinh man, Ironmaster, M»rou< y,' Meteor, Tho Ghost, Sirocco, Marino, Ironhand, King Charles, Umbcrto, Middleman:!), ducky Hie, NopioaUina, St. John, Permit., hii<l Prodigal. Betting: 5 to 2 against St. John, 8 to 1 Prodigal, Irralee, Mironey, and Middle march. Ironmaster jumped off with the lead, at tended by Prodigal and Meteor. The latter led into the straight, but was painted by Mozart, who won easily by two lengths, leaving Hurricane and Irralee to follow with a head between them. Time, lmio, 17sec 