HUDSON'S Marionette Troupe concluded their brief Brisbane season at the Town Hall last night, continuing to the last to have numerous and well-satisfied audiences. The flow of novelties also never flagged ; the comic bedroom scene, in which a ghost astonishes the clown and pantaloon, being introduced into the harlequinade of the pantomime last night, and creating a great deal of merriment. One very interesting feature amongst the properties of the entertainment is a miniature piano, of very delicate construction and great beauty, which was presented to the company by Paling and Co., of Sydney, and which forms an acces- sory in the minstrels' concert. The Gympie folk will next enjoy Hudson's good fare, Mon- day evening seeing the opening in that town. The usual fortnightly meeting of the Wool- loongabba Divisional Board was held last even- ing. The members present were-Messrs. J, Hardgrave (chairman), Drake, Stephens, Heaslop, Jürgens, and Maynard. The minutes of the previous meeting were read and confirmed. Amongst the inward correspondence was a letter from Mr. A. J. Thynne, solicitor, calling upon the board to desist from removing gravel and metal from the lands of Mr. A. Colquohoun. After discussion it was agreed to leave the matter in the hands of the chairman to settle. A letter was also received from Mr. A. W. Copeland, stating that he had completed the valuation of the division, and that such valuation showed an increase over the assessment of the previous year of £214 in subdivision No. 1, of £175 in No. 2, and of £111 in No. 3, or a total of £500. A petition was received from owners of property in Karilpa-street, asking that it be made passable. A letter was read from Messrs. Rolley Bros., contractors for removing nightsoil, setting out the difficulties under which they laboured through being unable to collect moneys due to them by ratepayers . and the- high price of horsefeed, and asking the board to afford them some relief.^ A long discussion followed on the subject, but no action was taken. Amongst the outward correspondence 'were letters to the proprietors of omnibuses _plying for hire in the division, forwarding them copies of the traffic by-law passed by the board, and requesting them to take out licenses in accordance with that by-law. A report from the Finance Committee, recommend- ing payments amounting to £207 15s. 5d., was read and adopted ; and it was re- solved to levy a rate of 4d. in the pound for watering Stanley-street. A report from the Improvement Committee showing the work done by the board's labourers was also read. A letter from the Under- Secretary for Works, asking for a statement showing the amount of rates levied on improvements by the board during 1883, and for suggestions as to any amendments considered necessary in the Divisional Boards Acts, was read a second time. A list of suggested amendments had .been drawn up, and it was agreed to hold a special meeting to consider them on Wednesday next at 3 p.m. A well-attended meeting of the delegates of the Queensland Football Association was held last evening, at the Globe Hotel. Mr W F O'Carroll was voted to the chair, and the minutes of the previous meeting having been read and confirmed, a letter from the secretary to the Board of Trustees of the Botanical Gardens informing the association, through Mr E Mac Donnell, who introduced the de- putation that they were to have the park from the 2nd June to the 14th inclusive, and so on through the season ; the association to make their own arrangements with the Anglo-Queensland Association The meeting then went into the arrangement of the fixtures for the season. It was found that by the decision of the board the Rugby men would have five Saturdays during the season, but one of these falling upon the 12th July-the day of the Rugby match in Sydney - a motion was passed exchanging the previous Saturday with the Rugby players to give them an opportunity of practising their game im- mediately before their departure for the South. The Association then arranged to give three Saturdays out of the twelve remaining to them to the players of the Anglo-Queensland Associa- tion ; but several gentlemen representing that association, having been informed of the ar- rangement, expressed their dissatisfaction with it, and claimed five. The meeting then arranged the first twenty fixtures for the season, and these will be advertised in Saturday's Courier. A letter having been read from Mr T Welsby resigning the position of secretary of the Association, Mr O'Carroll accepted the position pro tem. The arrangement of the fixtures took a considerable time, and conse- quently it was considered desirable to postpone the consideration of a letter read concerning a proposed visit from Sydney players of the Mel- bourne rules to another meeting to be held at an early date. The usual vote of thanks to the chairman terminated the proceedings Mr R J Cottell, of Thorrold Town, writes us, under yesterday's date, complaining of the great inconvenience and expense to which residents of Albion, Lutwyche, Junction, and the places between there and Racecourse, are subjected since the accident to the railway bridge at Breakfast Creek. He states that, by a train which used to leave Racecourse at 8.10 a.m., and reaching Brisbane at twenty minutes to 9, every morning, except Sundays, there were about 100 persons, young and old, regu- larly conveyed. Some are scholars attending the various schools, some are civil servants, and a good many are business people, clerks, and others whose daily toil commences at 9 a.m. For these people no provision has been made since the accident. All the trains running on the Racecourse branch have been discontinued, and no provision whatever made for the con- veyance of passengers using the trains on that line. Our correspondent also complains that no notice was given of the alteration, though an advertisement which appeared in yesterday's issue must have escaped his notice. He con- tinues :-" The immediate result of this is first, that a large number of us were obliged, without any notice, to find for ourselves other means of getting in and out of town to-day, and in consequence many were late to business this morning; second, that a number of us holding season tickets have been obliged to suffer a pecuniary loss through having to pay 'bus or cab fares to get to or from our homes at the same time that our tickets are still extant. And all this because our railway authorities, with trains on each side of a muddy ditch — by courtesy called a creek — cannot pos- sibly arrange to put us down at one side of this ditch, and pick us up at the other, although there is a first-class footway across the ditch. The annoyance and incon- venience is enhanced by the absolute uncer- tainty which prevails as to what is to be done. Thinking that we would make a certainty of it this morning a large number of us walked to the Albion station, and thence over the Break- fast Creek bridge. At the Brisbane end of the bridge there was a train, and at 8.20 there were not less than from fifty to sixty people mustered there, and there we had to wait till 9.15, when the train from Sandgate arrived, and we at length got a start. There would have been plenty of time for this train to run us in and return for the Sandgate passengers. Why can- not the department run some trains to and from the bridge to town, so as to accommodate the Albion and other passengers, who would gladly then walk the rest of the distance and leave the ordinary trains for the Sandgate traffic? The inconvenience to a lot of us is a very great one." 