Ifibvettst Tom Glanders of Squatters' Gulcli. " . A STORY OF COLORADO. TnB Stfanger was drank. There "was no mistaking it. He wasjalso ugly." There was no room for a doubt of that either. Physic ally, mentally, morally, he was" both drunk and ugly. The hilarious patrons of the Tarantula Saloon had fo? some hours been watching his increasing opulence of alcohol ism and coinbativeneas with that interest which always marked them when prospects of a fight became prominent. In Squatters' Gulch a fight was as full of attractiveness as a strawberry festival notoriously is in a New England village. The sturdy pioneer who. conducted the local theatre had been known to take advantage of this fact with great financial profit to himself.' Being aware that two of the most energetic warriors of the sur rounding country had sworn to carve and otherwise render each other the reverse of ornamental, or even useful, the first time they should meet, this genial person sent each of them a complimentary ticket to his hall. He then caused to be circulated the report that they were to be present at the Alhambra Palace-suoh was the resplendent title by which his resort was known to local fame upon the evening following. His losses had been severe. The inhabitants of Squatters' .Gulch had no fondness for dramatic art as here interpreted. " Macbeth," " Hamlet," and " Sardanapalus," performed by six per sons, had no attractions for their sordid senses. Therefore, he had lost money. But his reverses were amply set right by the stroke of managerial genius which I have here recorded. The house was paoked. So were the' roofs of adjacent buildings, where eligible standing-room brought as high a figure as twenty dollars per square foot. The canvas top of the Alhambra Palace had been xemQved for the .ocoasion,'and the view was good. The warriors met. One of tham re quested the other, with that poetic sense of chivalry wich characterised the early moun tain settler, to spit in his eye-an invitation which was promptly accepted. The fight that followed was always remembered in the Gulch. How the Tall Slasher of the Bappa hannock dexterously removed both ear3 from the head of Sacramento John, and was him self most elaborately lacerated in return, are matters of history. The town went half mad with admiration, and what was left of the two accomplished young gentlemen involved in this little entertainment was for years re garded almost with reverence. It may be supposed, therefore, that the movements ef the Stranger, upon the night of which I write, were viewed with something more than common interest. One by one the leading citizens had dropped into the Taran tula Saloon during the evening, until the tables were all well surrounded, and the bar was lined with watchful observers. " Who's the stranger," inquired Tom Cath cart, in a careless way, as he dealt three cards to Judge Gash wilder. " Dunno," briefly responded that judicial luminary, throwing his hand down in -a dis gusted way; " he!s on'y just arriv', and it's my legal opinion as how, if he keeps on, ha'll reach the 'end ?;of his lariat] extremely quick." "I've half a mind," mused Mr. Cathcart, pleasantly, " to rise up and give him a benefit myself. I don't like no Missouri mud-eater to stand the boys up like he's doing." ' "Nevermind," affably rejoined Judge Gash wilder, with that air of authority which gave his opinions upon the bench great weight; " hold on a bit. Fur- lined George will be along soon, and the stranger will have to take water then. Let him go on. Gimme two cards." i "Hello 1>" ejaculated ' Mr. ;Cathcart, a moment later; "the ball has begun." Everybody in the room had arisen to his feet. The tall Missourian, a man of angular frame and sinister visage, had at last suc ceeded in drawing somebody into a controversy. The oitizens of Squatters Gulch were about to be entertained. "? Humph!" muttered Mr. Cathcart, it's a 3-d shame for him to pick a row with Glanders. The poor chap can scarcely hold his own head up, let alone fighting. I've a mighty'good notion to sail in myself." " Hold on," cautioned Judge Gashwilder, with his index finger laid knowingly along his nose; " Thomas Glanders is all right; he is slow but sure. Look there I" The quarrel at the bar had been growing louder. The Stranger, inflamed with the fiery liquor he had been drinking, had selected one of the least offensive men in the settle ment as the Bpecial objeot of his displeasure. This person, a Mr. Thomas Glanders, was a quiet, respectably dressed man, with a stolid lace and a dejected manner, who was looked upon in a friendly, often a pitying, light by his companions. There had been something in bis life-that was known to the entire I population of the Gulch. What it was, n* $one preoiBelyjknew, and no one oared. Bat ^nearly everybody fook an interest in him, and 'not a sonl lived in the town who would not Jtave fought for his sake at any time. ; The-. Stranger was heaping abuse on TGrlandefB'B head-abuse which he could riot "comprehend, and which seemed to half be ^wilder him. But the offensive Missourian "'went on, goaded to increased fury by his own ?fwords. Still- Glanders stood helplessly gazing d&bout-Hiza;, making no reply, but occasionally passing the back of nis rough brown hand across his forehead. Finally, in a transport of rage, the Stranger drew a revolver. Then Glanders seemed to awaken. He spoke for the first time. . " Pat it. up," he said, quietly, " or I will kill yon;" . The Stranger laughed, and the crowd, angry and menacing, began to close in- upon him. Glanders motioned them back. " Pat it upj he repeated, firmly, " or I will shoot you in your tracks." The Stranger fired, and a part of Glander's hat fell to the floor. Few of the citizens of the Gulch had known or would have believed he could act with such decision. He had hitherto been thought by them to be a slow and easy-going person, too inoffensive to be 'trodden upon, and too gentle to respond with ?violence. But upon this occasion he belied his reputation. Quick as lightning-so quickly that only one or two in the room saw the movement-a derringer Bprang from his pocket, a deep report sounded through the room, and the Stranger fell to the floor. There was silence for a moment. Then the wounded Missourian, after writhing a moment .where he lay, beckoned Glanders towardB him. He was no longer violent. The fumes of the drink had quite evaporated from his brain, and he realized what had happened. Glanders, whose anger had disappeared as quickly as it came, wheii he saw he was the .viator and his life was no longer threatened, stepped forward and raised the Stranger's head to his knee. " Whisky," he said, shortly, to the bar keeper. The liquor was brought, and he poured it between the Stranger's lips. It' was a dra matic scene. So deep, so solemn was the Coloring of the picture, that not a man in the 'crowd-usually a turbulent one-had as yet uttered; a word. The wonnded man, some what revived by the stimulant, motioned Glan iders to lean closer^ and he obeyed. There was nothing but pain in his red face now, and great jbeadsiof perspiration st&od; out upon his fore head. The Stranger whispered a few words ibrokenly, and then suddenly fell back, dead. Glanders lowered the man's head to the floor, ?and then slowly arose to his feet. The hush which had some time ago fallen upon the orbwd was not yet disturbed. "Boys,"8aid Glanders, in a voice whioh trembled slightly, " I hated to do it, but it couldn't be helped^ I'm sorry it was so, and I'm willin' to abide by whpt you say. If it was murder.string me up, and be d d quick about it." - A murmur that arose almost to a shout ran through the room. Every man there en dorsed his'course. Glanders began to move slowly toward the door. He paused once, drew his hat down over his eyes, buttoned his coat tightly about his throat, and thrust his hands into his pockets with an air that indicated a purpose. "Poor things 1" he muttered, aa he strode into the night. " They're orphans now," and I made 'em so 1" * # . * * * . Drawn back some paces from the roadway, close to the trunk of a tall pine tree, some distance from the sturdy settlement of Squat ters' Guloh, was one of those huge, ungainly vehicles which, in the early days of pioneer ing, were known as prairie schooners. Near by, dimly seen through the darkness, were two lean, unhappy-looking horses, browsing in a helpless way upon the scant herbage which the place afforded. At the foot of the tree a heap of smouldering, embers showed that there had been a small fire earlier in the night. This was the scene into whioh Glan ders peered half an hour after the tragic oc currence I have just described. For a long time he sat, thoughtfully and silently, upon the pole of the waggon. So far as any sign of his was concerned he might have been asleep. Possibly he was going over the events of the evening. Perhaps he . was framing a scheme for the future. When more than an hour had thus slipped by, he came out of his reverie, and arose to his feet. Thomas-Glanders was a methodical man. For years he had plodded along in a quiet, careworn manner, accomplishing nothing that aiiy of his companions could discover, but never eomplaiijing of ill fortune or pain. Men supposed he must have money. He lived well, but unobtrusively, and he never had difficulty in meeting his obligations. To the suffering he was always kind. Indeed, the local clergyman, who found few but sour grapes in this vineyard, was wont to say that Thomas Glanders could be relied upon, when .charity was needed, to give as liberally as a gambler. But there was no ostentation about him. He lived by method. He arose and went to bed at certain hours, he ate at pres cribed times, and he drank his four glasses of whisky every day as regularly as he breathed. Hia was a pure matter-of-fact life. Whatever bad.luck came to him-and it was altogether out of proportion to his good' fortune-he'ac cepted it without a word of complaint. If, as was rarely the case, he had a touch of more than ordinarily Qeasant luck, there was never a sign of jubilation in his conduct. He rarely talked, saving when words were absolutely necessary. What he had to do he did, and he made very little fuss about it. When Glanders arose from his position upon the pole of the waggon, his first operatioh was to~pile-a-few-flfcicks of wood npon the coals. In a little while there was a blaze, w' icli, after sputtering a moment, gave out considerable light. This illumination, or the sound of Glander's footstep about the place, apparently aroused some degree of life inside the waggon, for there was a slight move ment, and then a childish voice, rather petu lant in its tone, said: " The old man, I s'pose-dog-gone him." " Shet up!" responded another voice, obviously that of a lad," or you'll get another .larxupin'. Ef he's full, he's sassy." Glanders leaned against the tree, and all became quiet again. For the second time since he had arrived upon this scene, he fell to thinking, and, as before, his reflections were so absorbing that he lost all conscious ness of what was passing around him. He did not even notice that the oanvas flap of the waggon was raised, and that two very big blue eyes were peering cautiously through the aperture thus formed. It was entirely without hiB knowledge that the owner of those curious eyes stole out of the waggon and crept slyly toward him. Not until Bhe spoke was he aware of her presence. "Where's the old man?" were the first words Glanders heard. They startled him slightly, and he looked earnestly into the young face that was up turned to his. Perhaps it was the flickering of the firelight that caused the quick shade that fell across his face. But it looked like an expression of pain. The girl, annoyed at his silence, went on, impetuously: " Don't you hear ? What in blazes is the matter of you ? Where's the old man ? " " Down the gulch," . replied Glanders, slowly and with some difficulty. " Oh," said the girl, with an odd mixture of. sarcasm, and curiosity. " He sent you up to say he was drunk, I s'poae." Said he wouldn't be home till he got good and ready Hdidn't he? Told you to tell 18 t« look sharp, orhe'd liok both of as when he - got - home, I reokon-hey? " " Does he beat you, then ? " asked Glan ders, with a weak attempt at evasion. . "Does he? Now you just bet he does. AndJI've got my opinion of ajbig loafer that licks a little gal like me, what can't help herself. Some day he'll wake up the wrong outfit, and then he'll get put under the daisies with his boots on-you hear me ? " Glanders did hear her, and Ho shuddered. But he was. strangely attracted to the big eyed, rough-spoken little girl, who stood there looking him in the face and ejecting her wordsjwith an energy that would have .been ludicrous under other circumstances. She was'a slender.child, perhaps twelve years old. Her hair was ourly? and light, and it fel*;in a tangled mass over her forehead and neck. She was - poorly clad, and her brown feet had long been strangers to the cramping in fluence of shoe3. There was a touch of great pity in Mr. Glander*B eyes as he looked at this 1 child standing there in the firelight and re- ; garding him fixedly. " Come here," he said, after a while; " come here and talk with me. I want to ask you Jsome questions." He went over and sat down again upon the pole of the waggon. The girl looked at him for a',.moment without moving. Clearly her first impulse was to resent his suggestion. But that design lived only for a moment, and she approached him without shyness. ''I'll do it," she declared, in a voice from which the sharpness had all gone. " I don't know who you are, but I like you, though I can't tell why. It ain't cause you're hand some-that's dead sure." Glanders paid no attention to this uncom plimentary allusion to his personal appear- ? ance. With him it was no time for idle words or thoughts. "Tell me,"nhe said, when the girl had settled herself on the,'ground in front of him, " do you like the old man ?-are you fond of him ? " " Well," responded the girl, after a pause, "I can't say as I'd like to eat him. He's too handy with .the back of his fist .to .make me so awful dead in love with him." Glanders sighed, as though he felt relieved from some anxiety. "But then," the girl went on, with childish frankness, " you can't quite hate a man when he's the only purteotor you've got. TJgly as he was, he put all the bread in my moutn as ever went there,, and I've got to remember that. Sometimes there wasn't much of it, and sometimes ;it was mighty queer {bread. But as a gen'ral thing he did the best .he knowed how, and - Say, what are you thinking about so hard ? " Glanders was just at that moment thinking he was about the darkest criminal in the world. To save himself from possible destruc tion, he had killed a fellow-being-an act, I. regret to say, whioh was not sufficiently infre quent in those days, and in that section, to call for any speoial regrets upon its own ac count. But Glanders reflected that in de priving the Missouri bullv of his life, he had also taken away the only prop upon which this helpless child leaned for support. It was a reflection which filled him;at first with dismay and self-reproach, and then with a certain definiteness of purpose. , " Sis," said he, after a moment, passing his hand over her straving curls with a kind of rough tenderness that was not without its element of magnetism; " sis, ef thar was a man-mind ye, I don't say thar is a man .but ef thar was one as come to you and says, says this man, ef so be as you two children wants a home, bein' without one, ye can come and live along of me, and though it ain't a refined and eliygant abode, bein' built as it were in the first rude stages o' civilization ef any man was to say this to ye, and -your ; dad didn't particularly mind, what would yon answer?" The girl looked full in his face. "Answer? Why, I'd collar the*offer like cham-lightning-only," she hesitated] an instant-" only the old man never'd stand by and let me have such a good thing as that -never." " "He'll never ."bother ye any more,- my child," said Glanders. " Do ye feel very bad about it?" , . " Bad ? " she echoed. " Yes. The old man has been took, as it were, to put it gently, to Abraham's boosom. He was killed, my child, and the man what offers to take ye into his home is the one as did it." young girl started backhand 'regarded Glanders with a strange expression. It was not a look of repulsion, or anger, or fright, ?but rather a look of astonishment. Pre sently, after peering into his eyes -for some little time, she said: "Then I don't believe it was iyour fault. You ain't the ,kind of a man to do that sort of thing 'thout a cause. And as for me, it's a-stonishin' he hasn't ketched it afore." Glanders took a deep breath, which sounded like a sigh of relief. " Then," said he,"we must be movin'." In the morning the camp of Squatters' Gulch was surprised to see a huge emigrant wagon drawn up to the door of Glanders's cabin, and, later in the day, it was still further astonished to observe two children, a boy and a girl, playing about the place. ,Who they were, and where they came from, was a deep and absorbing mystery. That their advent was connected with the death of the Stranger was not a theory which occurred to many of the oitizens. One of the .leading explanations put farward by those who con versed upon the subject was the proposition that Glanders's supposititious wife in the States-an appendage whioh was attached in a greater or less degree to the-main bulk of the population of that salubrious locality had forwarded her children to be cared for by their legitimate protector. But whatever Squatters' Gulch may have thought or ex pressed upon the subject, Squatters' Gulch did not carry its curiosity offensively near to Glanders, or his cabin on the hill. Meanwhile, in the cabin itself, there were some odd developments. The new residents had quietly domesticated themselves with that affluent confidence which is the dis tinguishing trait of that migratory childhood of the west, which, being cast this way and that by the changes which constantly occur in new countries, readily accustoms itself to fresh surroundings. One night, sitting be fore the fire, with his short clay pipe in his mouth, and the children on the floor at his feet, dreamily regarding the coals, Glanders broke the silence. " Sis," said he, " I don't want to pry into no family seorets of yourn, cos it ain't none of my business perticklerly, but, at the same time, it ain't reasonable fer me to go on always a-callin' of ye ' Sis,' and the young ohap . Bub.'" ; " That's so, I reckon," promptly replied the Jfoune girl. "My name's Lucy Bryton. And nis'n," pointing to the boy, his'n is Robert, His t'other name ain't like mine, though, cause he's only a 'dopted brother, gw name is Bathbun-Robert Rathbun. Hello! What's up, Mr. Tom ? " ! "Nothin'," replied Glanders, whose face had suddenly become rigid. Oh'y I dripped my pipe, that's all. Go" to bed, youngsters. I want to think. Hold up a bit. What became of yer mother-Bob ?'" I "Dead, Bir. Drownded in the Missouri overflow. I haven't seen her Bince I was a baby." j When they, were gone, and for hours after ward, Glanders sat looking gloomily into the fire. " Pare gal," ho mattered, after a long time. " Ef matters had come oat a leetle different, that would hey bin my boy. Mine.- Well, what to hinder now ? " Having by some acute mental;proces3 con vinced, himself that nothing was to hinder, Glanders went thoughtfully to bed. . f i * ? The soft aatumn days, gilded by the clear and genial Colorado san, meltedslowly away into the crisp and vestal winter. Then came the budding spring, the lazy summer, and the blushing autumn again. So the weeks glided into months, and the months closed into years, until Squatters' Gulch, ashamed of its rough and uncouth name of other days, adopted the more exalted title of Clarion City. There were other changes, too, in the genial atmosphere surrounding the place. The rough and somewhat uncouth dwellings which formerly covered the steep sides of the ravine had almost entirely disappeared, and their places were filled with more sightly, cottages. The business part of the town had' grown commensurately with the other por tions of Clarion City, and the place presented an altogether sightly appearance, cosily tucked away among the pinee-clad foothills. . In a tasteful cottage, far ioward the outer edge of the settlement, lfred Mr. Thomas Glanders and the members cf his family, who have heretofore been described in this vera cious narrative. It was a pretty place, and it was marked here and there by the unmis takable traces of a woman's presence. Neat i white curtains hung in the windows, a ham mock swung on the verandah, and a trailing vine grew over the posts by the door. One night, as the sun was climbing down across the western sky, the verandah was ocoupied by two young peaple. A strong hearty young man j was swinging in the hammock, while sitting ! beside him, idly moving the network back ward and forward, was a lithe and graceful j girl. She was blushing deeply, but not hang- j iog her'head. There was, indeed, in her large j blue eyes a look of open frankness, whioh Ii do not think is often found about the faces of j young women when they are discussing the, subject which was at that moment occupying her attention. " There is something which seems almost like sacrilege about it, Bobert," she said, with a touch of remonstrance in her voice. " I had grown to think you my brother in reality, as well as by association." " But you love me, Lucy. You have told me so." His voice was deep, and not un musical to the ear. And it had about it, in .thetime of pleading, a persuasive tenderness Which, I fear, more than one of the fluttering' damsels of the Gulch had found it difficult to resist. But Miss Luoy was not of the com mon sort, and she did not heedlessly assent to the proposition advanced. " What," she asked, presently, " would he think ? " It was apparent that the young man did not require a more definite descriptive term to understand who was referred to. " He would scarcely object, Lucy. You know he loves both of us very dearly, and his greatest happiness would be in making us happy." " True,"_ replied Miss Lucy, thoughtfully. " But if-if he would rather we did not seek this kind of happiness, Robert-you know we owe him a very great deal. Our home, our rescue from an existence that would have left us both'more to be pitied than if we were dead, our education-all were given us by him. Wo can scarcely do anything that may bring him pain, Bobert." The young man in the hammock was silent for a moment. " Tell me," he said, in a little while, " why you suppose there is any danger that he will objeot. Miss Lucy's face assumed a deeper soarlet. "I-I-well, nothing. It is probably my imagination." "Will you ask him ? " Another pause. Then in a low voice: " Yes. I will ask him to-night, if he does not speak first. If he consents, Bobert, I will do all that you have aBked." " That's a dear, sweet Luoy," exclaimed Bobert, springing to his feet and kissing her lips. " We shall be very happy." As he strolled down the hill, Miss Lucy's eyes followed his retreating figure sadly. When he was gone she drew a long and slightly tremulous breath, and laid her head against the post. She still sat thus, with her eyes bent upon the ground, when a heavy footfall aroused her attention. Mr. Thomas Glanders, returning from his office at the mouth of the Giant mine. Not qnite the Thomas Glanders wo have known hereto fore. His eyes were serener now than they were of old, and his tread had not that ele ment of hesitation which formerly marked it. Thomas Glanders, mine - owner and operator, with a pretty home, and the bene fits of solicitous female society, was rather inclined to be an ornament to his sex, al though there were moments, I must relate, when he did not ocoupy a similar relation to the English lapguage. " Good evenin', Luoy, he said, kindly, as he drew a chair up to her side, and seated himself so that the folds of her dress brushed against his knees. "I met Bobert as I came up the hill. A fine boy, that, Lucy. I'm as proud of him as if I had been his father." A moment of silence, during which Miss Lucy breathed a trifle quickly. One hand lay unemployed in her lap. Glanders picked it up, and held it in his own. It looked so small, so white, so lovely, in his great palm, that he speedily covered it up by drawing his brown fingers about it. , , " It's a whiter hand," he began, slowly and reflectively, "though it ain't much bigger than it was when I first took it into mine, that night under' the big tree. Ah, my girl, I didn't see then, and I didn't get to imagine that you would be BO dear to me some day. I didn't know that in the course of time you would get to be-what you are to me. If I had" , Another pause. This time Lucy was slightly trembling. " If I had," he continued, "I should almost have been afraid to see you." . .... .? " Afraid ? " The word came reluctantly and almost in a whisper. " Afraid I might Bome time lose you afraid that some other love but-the regard you had for clumsy, poor-spoken old Tom Glan ders might some day be stole away by a deeper, a greater regard for another man." Mr. Glanders arose and walked to the other end of the verandah. Then he came slowly back and placed his heavy hand, light enough now, upon the sunny head. . i " Lucy," he began, " child, you are more to me than I can tell-more than I know, God help me. There is but one happiness for me, but one rest after my life's struggle. And it has been a struggle, Lucy, that ain't always been easy for to gee the best off. But, Lucy, I don't want to find fault nor to complain, if it has brought me you. Eh? Why, child, you are cryin'. Deary, if I've said anything that's grieved you, don't mind me. Lucy, I'll never speak of it again as long as I live. I take it all back, Lucy, I do, so help me God I" Mr. Glanders was down by her side, hold ing her hand3, and trying to soothe her. In a moment she became quite calm. " You have been kind to me," she said, after a little while. " I was only a stranger's child-a stranger who would have taken your life. You took me in, and cared for me, and worked and toiled for me, so that I might have comforts and be happy. You took me, a ragged, rough, ill-bred child, and you gave me the chance to become a lady. You have earned my-my love, and " "Don't speak that way, Luoy. I didn't calculate to buy your heart. I didn't, Luoy, and I wouldn't take it like that." . " You didn't bny it, you-you won it." Tom, I love you very, very dearly. It may not be the kind of love you expect, just yet; but, by and by, when we have grown used to each other, when we have forgotten that we were" . "Father and daughter, almost," he broke in. "Are you sure, Lucy? Will you never regret this?" " Never I" she cried.impuleiyely. "But let it be quick. Do not wait a day, but have it done at once 1 It-it must be without de lay, or-or" She did not finish the sentence, but with a sharp, convulsive kiss upon his brown cheek -a kiss which sounded almost like a gasp she was gone. In the gloaming upon his porch that night>sat Mr. Thomas Glanders, a very happy maa. Behind him lay all the gloom, and sorrow, and pain that could never come to him now. In the future-what ? He could not answer, though it seemed very bright. * , * * * * It was quickly and quietly accomplished. Almost before the staid citizens of Clarion City were out in the streets, Mr. Glanders and his bride had walked-to the little chapel down in the ravine, and back again. He had no ticed that Lucy was very pale that morning, and that' there were long, deep lines in her face. Clearly she had not slept. But Mr. Glanders attributed the faci to a weakness of the sex, and imagined that a little familiarity with the new relations would soon wear it away. Robert did not come home during the night-a habit which, I am obliged to confess, ia_ not uncommon among the compatriots of his years. Mr. Glanders had wished to defer the quiet ceremony until his arrival, but Lucy had refused with a feverish haste, which her companion set down to the score of diffidence. It was some hours after the marriage that Mr. Glanders, failing to stir up any en thusiasm in Lucy's breast regarding the various topics of conversation, kissed her tenderly, and strolled out for a walk among the trees. " She's better alone for a time," he mut tered, apologetically, to himself. " When I come baok in half an hour she'll be as bright and oheery as ever." § For a long time after he went away, Luoy sat looking blankly at the wall. Then ahe arose and walked out upon the porch, and stood looking down the hill, where she had last seen. Robert pass away. In a few moments she became conscious that someone was near her. It was Robert, white as a ghost, and trembling nervously. She looked into his face but could not speak. There was a deep, pathetic inquiry in her eyes, which spoke more plainly than words. "Yes, I know," he said, in a strained and worried fashion. "I heard it as I came up the street. I shall not reproach you, Lucy, for, if he asked you to marry him, it was the only return you could make for all his more than fatherly kindness." There was a footstep not far away, but it was not noted by the two young people. " I have come, Lucy," continued Robert, in the same hurried and unnatural fashion, " to say good-bye." j " Robert 1" she gasped, " do not, do not go | away.". j " I must," he said, in a strange tone, re- j gaining a peat of his own force as he saw a touch of weakness in the woman he loved. " There is no other course. It would break my heart to stay here and see you the wife of another. It would wear out my honor, my gratitude, my manhood. Day by day, ail that is good about me would fade and fade i away, until I died of shame or mental agony, or became a reproach to all the world. It must be, Luoy. We love eaoh other too dearly to have it otherwise." She was silent. "Good-bye, Lucy," he said, more quietly, taking her hand. "; - " Good-bye," she whispered in a choking voice. For a moment he held her hand in his.. At the same instant a shadow that had been thrown by the sun across the ground almost at their feet, began slowly and stealthily to steal away.. " Try," said Robert, struggling hard to re gain his composure, " try to forget me. You can only find happiness in that ojolivion. Or, if you think of me sometimes, remember me only as the brother who grew up with you and loved you with-with only a-a brother's love. Good-bye. God bles3 you, little sister." He turned on his heel and took a step for ward. The sharp report of & pistol from the rear of the house arrested his attention. " What was that ?" asked Luoy, turning if possible a shade whiter. In a moment they were bath under the great pine tree which stood a few paces up the side of the hill. What they saw at that moment will never be forgotten by either of them. Stretched upon the soft carpet of pine needles, with a look of ineffable gentleness in his fast glazing eyes, a smile On his lips, and her portrait on his heart, lay the rigid figure of the husband of the Stranger's child. Lcander Richardson in the Argonaut. 