NEWS AND NOTES. The debate on the Land Bill was continued last night. The statement of the Premier with reference to the views of the Govern ment upon the alleged defects of the Bill and his ; assurance that any suggestions which would tend to its improvement would ba welcomed should be. satisfactory to everyone. . The branches of the Australian Natives’ Association in Haddou, Creswick, dunes, and surrounding districts have, united to bold a public: demonstration this evening with regard to the federation, annexation, and recidivists questions. The matter of.federa tion has for some years formed a plank in the A.N A. platform, and the other questions have been added in view of their important bearing on the interests of growing Australia. The demonstration will give an opportunity to a number of our young men to air their eloquence upon national subjects, and it is hoped that the affair will materially strengthen tbs bands ot the Government in dealing with the questions at issue. Members of the asso ciation are requested to meet at 7 o'clock, at the Lyceum Hall, to join .in a torchlight pro* cession to the Alfred Hall, where the president of the board of directors will take the chair at 8 o’clock.- The gallery has beau reserved for ladies and the gentlemen who may accom pany them to the ball. Several important items of intelligence will be found in our telegrams this morning. What is believed to be a case of Asiatic cholera has occurred at Birmingham, causing much alarm. Dr Nacbtingal, the African explorer, has taken formal possession on behalf of the Ger man Government of certain territory in West Africa,' There are further indications of -an approaching struggle between Franca and China. Li'Hung Chang, the Chinese Com mander-in Chief, who has been negotiating with the French at Shanghai, has been ordered to' return to bis post at Nankin. 5000 Chinese troops are reported to ba on their' way to Kelung in the island of, Formosa, which was lately bombarded by the French, -Mexico is a! country richly endowed by nature; but the continual turmoil in which it has. been, plunged by.ita Apolitical factions has prevented the development of its resources. For sonje years'jit has enjoyed comparative immunity from internal strife, with the result that industry received an impetus, and a revival of commerce, took place. But it will be seen by bur- telegraphic intelligence this morning that the. old demon of discard is not dead, a conspiracy for the deposition of the President of the- Republic having been dis covered. Two generals who are implicated in the affair are reported to have been shot, The first of the diamond drills. According to the IForW, Messrs Cooper and Wheeler, M'e.L.A., waited on the Minister of Minee yesterday morning: as a deputation from the Borough Council of Cluoes, to ask that a dia mond drill might be sent up to prospect that: locality. Mr Levien, in reply, promised to comply with the application, and also to in struct Mr Reginald Murray, the Government geologist, to report as to the best site for commencing. A well-attended meeting of the general committee for the forthcoming united Masonic ball waa : held yesterday afternoon in the Masonic Hall,.Camp, street: Br H. A. Nevett occupying the chair. Suitable arrangements were made to ensure the success of the ball, especially ib view of the fact that Sir Henry and Lady Loch and their suite will grace the occasion by their presence. As the ball is to be given in honour of the D.G.M., Br Sir W. J. Clarke, invitations will be issued to the offi cers of the District Grand Lodge. The musical committee reported progress in their efforts to secure a suitable orchestra tor the dance music. The prices for'ad mission were fixed as follows: Double £l Is; gentlemen’s single tickets, 15s; and ladies’ tickets, 10s fid. Appli cations for tickets ars to be made to Messrs 0\. E. Wilson and P. C. Wainwright, hon. secretaries, and will be submitted to the strictest supervision by the executive com mittee. The Australian Eleven have victory within their hands in the contest with Gloucester shire, haying made 402 runs in their first innings. The home team, when the wickets were drawn, had lost seven wickets for 38 runs. The writs for the elections in connection with the Legislative Council were issued yes terday. . The retiring member for the Welling ton Province is the Hon, Henry Cuthbert, who, no doubt, will consent to again place his Valuable services at the disposal of the electors. The arrangements for the election are as fol low ; —Day before which nominations are to be made, 29th August; day of polling, 11th' September; return of writ, 18-h September, The following are the other provinces in which the elections are to take place with the name of the retiring member in each case:—North Yarra, Dr, Beapey; South Yarra, Lieutenant-' Colonel Sargood; Southern, Mr T. F. Hamil ton; Nelson, Mr T. Bromell; North-eastern, Mr J. A. Wallace; North Central, Mr N, Fitzgerald; North Western, Mr G. Young. A sale of stud sheep will. be held at the Ballarat Agricultural and Pastoral Society’s show-yards to-day, at 12 o’clock, when Messrs FiskePi Gibson, and Cos., in conjunction with Messrs Hepburn and Rowe, will offer a very fine lot of high-class stud rams and ewes, bred by. the Hbh; Philip Russell, of Carngham. A large number of well-bred; merino rams and ewes from the Carngham flock will be also disposed of. A choice selection of merino rams from the stud of Mr William Lewis, of Stone* leigh, will be offered for sale after the Carng ham studs are sold. Messrs Macleod and Booth also will offer for sale, at half-past 10 o’clock, at Tunbridge’s auction rooms, a choice selection of Mr Charles Ayrey’s famous War ranooke stud sheep. Our Numurkah correspondent last even ing wires as follows:—“The annual entire horse parade show was held to-day.. The town: was thronged with the farm ing community* a The first horse and cattle sales of the new firm of Messrs. &. J* Glenny and Cos. took place after the; Show, and splendid prices were realised. Upwards of 300 farmers were at one time in the yards. Brood and heavy draught mares realised-excel lent prices. Ballarat was well represented by old residents now located here.” In connection with the Mining on Private Rropertyjßill,- Mr Berry has give notice that be intends to move the .following new. clause: The owner of any private land shall bep at liberty to enter into agreements in writing with the holder- or-holders of miner’s-righte, giving him or them powor to take possession for gold mining. purposes of such - land as if it were Crown- land, ,but_ in snob quantities, and subject to the same restrictions, liahib lies. aod byla.ws.Rs would be applicable if suoh land were'“actually Crown land held under mlnerVrighU. and it to obtain, Cr °*° in ref ereneeto each ocou P !< £- *e afor«aid*oocNi? depoiit provided:te.regulation 4 act. Provided that every*«MB«e -ment shall be approved bjr.lha warden for tlje district io J which-apeh lend ie .aitoated, and ahtll alio beregieterod ee provided/by section -7 of tbieeot.” Our Melbourne correspondent reports that the Parliamentary Buildrnge Commissioners have decided that the Grampian, alone.Je eatie faetory in quality end sufficient in quantity fqrtbeiroDt of 'Parliameub Hoihm, but th*R it ie dnirabls that apportion, especially the pillar*, should be. of granite. ' The contrflCtdr, Mr Ameie, will interview tbe Commissioner of works'to-morrow"with; respect' to'con tinning operation*. The entries for the National Agricultural Society’s show, to be held on the. 27th inst,, andthree following days, 't0ta1.2240, the lar« geat entry ever made to the society. Colonel Balliogton Booth, son of “General-’ Booth, accompanied,by.Major 'Howard, Major and Mrs Barker, and Major Thurman, will arrive in Ballarat; on Saturday; and commence a aeries of eetvioea dn conneotion with-the Salvation Army here. A charge of sixpence will be made fpr admission to the Barracks at the opening meeting on .Saturday night, but tbe.meetibgs will be held io the' Alfred Hall on Sunday afternoon and. evening. It is proposed to utilise that portion of the Market Reserre „;oh ’ the north''aide of the Alfred Hall, which is hot required for. market purposes, as'-a -drill - ground for - the Militia. Arrangements are being made to this end, and a draft lease of the land has been submitted by Lieutenant- Colonel Sleep to the Town Council. The 'ground, when cleared and levelled, will no doubt form an excellent spot for drill purposes, but the erection of a new orderly-room in;place.of the present dilapidated building, should form, a first consideration. Bishop Thornton, accompanied by Dr Radcliffe and Sergeant M’Pariand; yesterday visited the lepers’ camp, in the; ranges. As usual, the 11 powers that be’’ in Bdlarat East, have the purpose for which the visit was made: wrapped up in mystery. : ' A man named Edward. Martin, an ex publicah of Ballarat East, has been arrested' by the City police on a charge of drunkenness, and as he was sufffering from the effects of drink, the City bench on Tuesday last re manded him for a week. For a few days Martin had been behaving in a strange manner, and whilst in that condition he squandered large sums of money in a reckless fashion. He will undergo medical.treatment in ths Gaol Hospital. The proprietress of an hotel in Ballarat a few days ago called the attention of a con stable to the fact that two well-known characters were endeavouring to induce an in toxicated man of respectable appearance, to take off his coat (a valuable one,) pawn it and then the three to have a "jolly. good spree." Here is another example of what lovers of the bottle will do to get drink. It is said that if Sergeant Hamilton comes to Ballarat, as announced, it will be to take the place of a local sub-officer who is to be transferred from this district. It is very seldom that one hears of or sees an auction room doing duty for a sheep yard. The commodious and nicely-arranged auction mart of Mr Tunbridge, in Lydiard street, was, however, yesterday partitioned off into pens preparatory to the sheep sale to-day. Several woolly-backs were placed in the room during the afternoon. The sbecp.to be sold are from Warranooke. - Hawthorne, who murdered his brother at Brighton, is to be hung this morning. The Hibernian Society’s anniversary , ball took place last evening in the ; Alfred. Hall, and proved a most enjoyable affair. It was tbe first anniversary ball of the society, and was suggested at thefinal meeting of the com mittee for the St. Patrick's Day Ed's. There were about 70 couples present, and an excel* lent programme, numbering 24 dances, was gone through. Mr West’s operatic band sup plied the music, and the catering was in the bands of Mr M’lntyre. The stewards, Messrs D. Brophy, J. J. Fitzgerald, T. Carroll, T. M’Dermott, M, Waleh, J. J. -Mullins, W. White, R. Miller and D, Fitzpatrick, and the secretary, Mr D. J. Doyle, worked well to make tbe affair a -success.- Mr R. H. Lake acted as master of ceremonies. It is intended to make the ball an annual one. , Mr W. Corbould, the wall known tailor ahd outfitter, is still in a very poor state of health. His complaint is considered to be of a danger-, one character. Preparations are now being made for' the marriage of the danghter of a respected and well-known resident of Ballarat East with .a gentleman interested in a large and prosperous business in the metropolis. “ Ma word,” said an old Scotchman yesterday, “ the girls o' Ballarat are agoing off weal.", Mr King, the clerk of works in Ballarat East,: is now makings periodical inspection of the underground .workings of the mines in the' Town. The Holloway Dramatic Company, with Miss Essie Jenyns as leading lady, are at present drawing crowded houses io Brisbane. " Silver King” ie now being .’produced by the oom pany. Nominations for official positions in the Bal larat Cricket Club close to-day. The annual meeting of the club takes place next Thurs day. The weather cleared up yesterday. The afternoon, though a little chilly, was pleasant. A few days fine weather is now anticipated. The fining of a drunkard constituted the business at the Town Police Court yesterday. An interesting wedding ceremony was per formed at St. Patricks Cathedral yesterday afternoon, when Mr Henry Douglass, of the firm of Douglass and Oxlade, bakers, was married to Miss Maggie Fox, of Fern’s hotel, Sturt street. The officiating clergy man' was the Rev. Michael Meade, and tbe bridesmaids were tbe Misses Fern and Berkery. Tbe cus tomary omens of good- fortune, including showers of rice, were not wanting on the occasion, and the Cornet' hdbitute gave a hearty cheer as- the bridal party paeaed on to the Cathedral. We have received from Mrs Brown, Trevor street, the amount of 4s, collected for a Distressed Family.’’ The inmates of the Benevolent Asylum were entertained on Tuesday evening by- the Lydiard street Mutual Improvement Association and their friends. Tbs genial .vice-president, Mr J. C, Robinson, occupied the chair, and ad dressed a few encouraging and cheering re .marks to the inmates. The . programme was an exceptional one, end comprised pianoforte I duets and solos, instrumental selections, songs, recitations, &c.; Miss Treloar, Mias Lay, and .Miss Bentley proved able accompanists; and Masters Bentley Brothers (2) and A. Qaff, ao companifd by Miss Bentley on the piano, treated the audience to'well-rendered selec tions on the violin. Mr T. B. White’s solos were successful, and received encores, while Miss Thomas’ rendering of." The dear little shamrock” brought down the bouse. Master Clifford Robinson's recitation, “The Blue Ribbon," was certainly one, of tbe features of the evening. The following- other ladies and gentlemen were successful in' the parts they undertook, via., Mias Sparkman,'Mias Golds worthy, Miss Treloar, Messrs Q,- Psrton, J, Carroll, P. Olden, J. A. Smith, and E. Scar borough, After votes of thanks, &0., the National Anthem closed the proceedings. The superintendent of the Asylum and his able assistants were exceedingly attentive to the visitors. The next concert will be given by the Brown Hill M.LA. The Hon. Thos. Bromell, the retiring member, and Mr Thos. Dowling are candidates for representing the Nelson Province ie the Legislative Council. Two women, named respectively Mary Alvey and Jane Cook, were brought before the City bench yesterday on charges of lunacy. Drs Pinnock and Radcliffe gave the necessary certificates, and they were committed to the Ararat Asylum. One drunkard was fined 5s, in default one day's imprisonment, and a second was remanded until Friday to allow him to recover from the effects of his inebriation. Messrs Stalker and Greenfield, J’s.P.,. pre sided. Mr Stewart, the district inspector of mines, lodged with the warden’s clerk a| Creswick, on Tuesday, a copy et the plan of the No. 2 Australasian mine. A plan of the Loughlin mine has also been deposited at the warden’s, office, and plans of the Madame Berry, Lpne Hand, and Ristori West mines are almost com plete, and wi|l be lodged in due course. The Gordon bench, consisting of ’Messrs Witberdsn, -Tanner, and M ‘Culloch, J’e.P., yesterday sentenced .ayoungmahnamed John 1 M‘Ra» to three months’ imprisonment on a ! charge' of stealing £l6 worth of amalgam the battery-honse at the ■ Egertoh mine. The prisoner, who pleaded guilty.had been employed at the mine sines he was first able to ; work; and the manager had plaoed implicit confidence inhistruatworthieess, M'Rae was the sole support ofhiswidowed tnother and a . d*y „ iWo - nittod b wn married.?* rWpectablejrpung girJ, Yesterday be ,nn,!?J qmw at hi* unenviable no.ir CoollTreoarked, after the p,* *” S ' •«tence,'j, ,r l(Fb o will look after mv*m~n?* p " ki ”» WS Mr A. Bradford, cabinet-maker of Sturt street, is turning out some good and substantial work at his establishment. At present he has a large number of orders for furniture to bs manufactured in English woods, which are coming greatly into favour. Among the most noticeable features in this establishment, are a massive diningroom sideboard and a handsome wardrobe. The sideboard, a beautiful piece of workmanship, is mainly constructed of English oak, relieved with walnut. The wardrobe is manufactured in cedar, to which a pretty effect is given by the introduction of of glass panels: Drawingroom suites in English woods also evidence the superior quality ofthe work turned out in the establishment. Mr Brad ford claims credlt for many innovations in cabinet-work as far as Ballarat is concerned. Merely showy work he does not go for, but aims at manufacturing substantial furniture which rivals the best produced in the metro polis. ' W’ o a J« requested to call particular attention to an advertisement: elsewhere stating that .11 pupils of the Ballarat West School of D e ,i» who have applied for tickets for the exeur.inn to Melbourne-next week, muut call or send in. them at the school at 8-1 S this ereniog. ° lor Our Ballan correspondent writes: «> mv 1 next sitting, of the County Court here hiring been fixed for the 12th of September the 10l lowing are the dates for issuing, 40.,’0f clsint summonses in connection with that court-. Last day. for issuing, Saturday, 23rd in, t . for service, Wednesday, 27tb inst.* and 1™ filing, Monday, Ist September. ’ m We learn that it is intended to anneil against the decision of Judge Trench in tbs case pf-Taylor,, v Martin, which was at Creswick on Tuesday. Messrs Kales and R.M. Smyth, J.'sP, nts sided, at Allandale Police Court yesterday Four small' debt cases were quickly disposed of, and the court adjourned. * The monthly meeting of the Trustees of the Ballaarat General Cemetery was held Tuesday evening last. There were present Messrs Christopher Bailey (chairman )I. J Jones, E. Ballbausen, and S. Cohen! Tbs monthly reports of the sextons were read. The report of the secretary showed that'tbs following interments took place during the past month, viz,, 29,in the old ground and 31 in the new,, the fees ; amounting to £1315, An allowance of £6 10a was made in four in! stances where it was proved to the trustees thatthe friends of the deceased were unable to pay the fee* Thirteen applications were made to the; trustees as required by law to erect monuments; plans were approved and per. miaaion given accordingly. Twenty-nins burial rights were signed for issue to pur chasers of private graves. .The chairman and secretary were appointeda committee to carry out improvements-at the- Old Cemetery, the Mortuary Chapel to-be rendered suitable for the purposes for which it was erected. •We have received the current issue of the Australasian Shetcher, which „ contains several capital engravings, comprising “ Lidy Loch’s receptiou at Government House,” “Theßoyal Humane Society’s Award,” “ Silverton ailver field,” “ The Attempted-Escape from Pea tridge and the shooting of the youth Kelly,” Warrigal, or Wild Horae Hunting in Queens land.” John Edwards, employed ae night watchman on board the Government steam dredge Sam eon, lying at the Circular Quay, New South Wales, was found dead on Tuesday morning, in the forecastle; by John. Hughes, the fireman. There were no visi hie marks of violence, and in the pockets of the-deceased were founds deposit receipt for £BOO on the Mercantile Bank, and £&lss; 2d in cash. : The'Villiera and Heyteabury Agricultural Society has_ decided to support the schema for the federation of agricultural societies. - , The.Wimmera Shire Council are suing tbs Horsham Borough Council for the recovery 01£165 £165 17e 41, tho cost ol destroying rabbits on the town common. The case is to be heard on the 6th of September. ! The secretary of the Tailoresses’ Uaion in Melbourne reported at the meeting on Mon day night, tbat,s4 had joined the union up to date daring the preient quarter. It was also stated that the sweating system was Increasing, and.that some of the manufacturers were con tinually taking goods out of pawn. Attention was drawn- to the danger of the sweating system ,now that smallpox. was so prevalent. The president announced that £lOO of the funds of the union had been placed on deposit for 12 months. The ihqeuat before Mr Orms on the Eden hope mystery wasconcluded on Tuesday even ing. The evidence disclosed that in Match, 1874, a young woman, named Langley, daughter, of a farmer near Mount Qambier, was married at her father's house to a farm labourer named Cook. The girl bad previously had an illegitimate child,..which at the time of the marriage was about fourteen months old. Three days after the marriage. Cook with his bride and the child started for Horsham lor the purpose of taking up land in that district. Nothing was heard of-them, afterwards and nothing known until the discovery of the skeletons. Articles found with the remain) were sworn to by her fathe'r and other wit nesses, and were sufficient to lead" to their identification as those of Maria Cook and her child. Nothing whatever was found of Cook. After a retirement of half an hour the jury returned ft little before 7 o’clock, and gave iu the following verdict:—“ We are unanimously of opinion that the remains . are the remains of Maria Cook and her child, Louisa Jane Sugere, and that the said Maria Cook and Louisa Jane Bugera were murdered by some person or persons unknown in or about the month of March, 1874, at the spot on Mary vale station, where they were found. We wish to add . that on account of the grave suspicion that attaches to Robert Cook, we suggest that the Government offer a reward for information as to bis whereabouts or proof of hie death.” - Theßaywood correspondent of the Bendigo Independent writes:—“ For six or seven nights a resident’s place at Sebastian has been sub ject to a most peculiar outrage, some person or persona throwing stones, half bricks, chunks of wood. &c.;, .on the bouse, breaking the windows, and frightening the inmatea. Al though-half the young men ol Haywood and Sebastian and the local constable were on the watch, posted all aronnd the house, still the missiles were thrown, and none of the watchers could see any one throwing them. At last the occupier of the house and his (amity began to-think that it was time to move, and they were going away on Tuesday morning, when, by a lucky.chance, the ghost was* caught last night. There were 18 watchers surrounding the house with guns,, pistols, clubs, &c; , when one of them ' took off bis boots and went stealthily, around and caught the author of all the mischief in the kitchen iu the set of throwing a missile. Zt ' was the servant girl.” The following item in reference to Geelong appears in last evening's Herald: —“ The fi f> t case that has probably been brought under the new Health Act came on at the police court this morning, when Silas Glover, a resident of Geelong West, was proceeded against by the Borough of Geelong West, as the Local Board of Health, for failing to register a noxious trade establiebment and in accordance with tee terms of the 92nd section of the Act En* denca was given that notice had been sent h> defendant' to register his premises, but he obstinately , refused. The Bench considered that they bad; no other alternative but (o fion defendant Ss and two guineas coats.” The Railway Gommiasionera have dismissed the stationmaster and "porter at the NaruM goon station,.for leaving a truck on the line •» the station, thereby.-causing a slight collision with the engine of a passenger train. The Manohesixr Courier in an article on tj 1 ® ’’ unemployed” difficulty in Nsw South Ww* sayes—.“ A large part of this aril may easily 60 recognised as the consequence of that enor mous congestion of pbpulation.ia the princiyi* towns of Australia which makes a einguls and unweleome feature in the social grout • of these communities. Sydney itself 18 remarkable case in point, having, according > the last census, 223,260- inhabitants, or n° far from a third of the 750;030 which consti tute the 1 whole population of New Sou Wales,” In America there are,often “mock W e dings” at “church sociables,” and now _ see that, the other day, at a Dundee school picnic, three couples were main Bl * , joke” by a minister. The idea waa sugg o3l when theywere in the railway carriage Bll , enthusiastically was the matter pressed that minister could not escape performing In 0 1? ceremony. Three of theyoung men then « thsir partners, and the ceremony was Ba . through in the orthodox fashion, the mm>* in concluding,'gravely declaring th o PJJ" 0 ( be legally married, and reminding tne the relative duties of husband and win- * Dartiea are now in a ternb a etata.ot perplexity. S ate .taking legal advice as to their real option; for it has been hinted toithem that H the law of Scotland they are really married, aU of them being of age, and having gone through the marriage ceremony and declared heir acceptance as hn.band and wife m.the mesence of witneasea,. It is some consolation to know, eaya ah, exchange, that some of them are sincerely hopeful .that this is the case; but ft ia reported that the others are not BO well faleiaed with thiir haphazard choice, and wish it were otherwise. , We learn from in Avoca Mail that on Q.tnrdav night ns Mr James G. Wiae, of Avoca homo frpm Ureenhill Path with a loaded dray be etumbled over, a .stump and f e }l and the whole of. th f dray paeaed over hi, lege, breaking' the -shin -bonei-ot the left leg Dr M'Mabon eet the fractured.hmb. The removal of the Yarre Falla and reef will cost, it ia said, £50.000, not, a large sum it !! #v be for the ad vantage; of giving a perfect am scour to tbo great glitter which runs almos - through the heart of the metropolitan Victoria. But it is a large- sum ■ (says the Qulong Advertiser) in comparison with the smaUef cues which Parliament ; grudging y; •votes to country districts on the seaboard to improve the navigation of their harbours. A large number of prfcAsheep for exhibi tion in Melbourne attheSheepbreedera Show this month, wae sent away (says the Chronicle) from the Camperdown district on Monday. The 1 consignments were sent through Fisken, Gtoon and Cos., and DA Campbell, and com pris and drafts from some of the best know* flocks in the Western district, The sheep for exhibition were from the Temnallnm, Mount Violet, and Titanga estates in the Camperdown district; and from these estates there were _l6 trucks. Mr Jamieson, of Stoney Point d.s patched three trucks and Mr Hood two trucks. ■ Wanton destruction of property took place on Tuesday night at the Australian and Euro- Dean Bank- Chambers, Sturt street. The.offica of Mr J Letcher was entered, the grate pulled out and the office furniture knocked about. Evidently the affair was the outcome of malice, money not being the ..object, as some, silver lying in a drawer was-not ;.taken. . The rois creantor miscreants al«o smashed the door leading into the office of Mr James Walker, miningsurveyor. At a large meeting of the Salvation Army, ha'd in Melbourne on Tuesday night, Major Howard gave the following statistics in con nection with the army.. In January, 1883, it numbered at home and abroad 440 corps. . It now numbered at home 610 corps, and abroad 250 corps. Three hundred villages were also occupied, and 120 others occasionally visited. The army in the United Kingdom used no leas than 1000 halls of various sizes, and which contained 750.000 sittings. The buildings at home were used by 1500,000 people, and abroad by 500.000 people. In London 8107 iudoor and 7000 outdoor meetings were held ercb week. Altogether some 15,000 meetings, reaching 10,000,000 souls,” were held'every; week. List year the funds amounted to £393,000, of which £90,000 has been spent in buildings and property. There were 14 editions of the War Cry, and the weekly circulation of the English one was 480,000 copies. The army employed 1596 officers at home, and 455 abroad. It was further intended to form flying brigades in Australia, to establish out posts in the smaller townships. This system had proved very successful in India, where 120 had been formed, and where the Silva tion Army numbered 1200 natives among its adherents. Regarding the steamer Great Eastern, the’ . Pall Mall Gazette says The hopes of .the nefortunate holders of abates, in that most nn* lucky speculation, the Great Eastern steam ship, have once more been falsified. Not only has the reported sale of the vessel to a com pany fallen through, but the presumptive purchasers have, it is said, commenced an action at law against the present proprietors for breach of contract. The accounts of the company for the past year are far from cheer ing. The total receipts amount to £173 1s 1d, Secluding the sum of £24 paid in fees by visi- tors to this colossal failure. The expenditure, on the other hand, reaches the total of £2834 5s 7d.” Tbe Central Board of Health, Melbourne, • commissioned Dr J, V. Heyly, of Bushwqrtb, to examine tbe patient at North Murchison -said to have been’suffering from smallpox, and ’ bis report confirms that already given that the disease was not smallpox, but only "itch." The London University degree of .Doctor, of Science has this year, fur the first time,, been , obtained by a lady, Mrs Sophia Bryant, •daughter of , the late Rev. W. Willock, D.D ,' Fellow'of Trinity College, Dublin. < A number of counterfeit coins are reported ’ to be in circulation in Horsham, some of the chilling pieces being very good imitations. Tbe Queen (states tbe Some News) has been pleased to appoint the Hoo. Walter Francis Hely-Hutobinson, C.M.Q, chief secretary to the Government of Malta, to be Lieutenant- Governor of that island and its depen dencies. Sir William Stawell, Chief Justice, and- Lady Stawell left for Sydney on Tuesday, with the hope that a change of air mayimprove his’ Honour’s health, A warrant has (say s Ihe Argus) been issued for the arrest of Joliu Little, the tressurer of the Collingwood branch of the Ancient Order of Druids, on a charge of embezzlement. The Sydney Telegraph, referring to the great boat race on Saturday, says:—“The scene' on the road going to the boat race was a won derful one. It is estimated that .the specta tors numbered over 70,000 —the greatest crowd ever seen on the Paramatta, nor was the ex citement over any previous event as intense. Haolan seemed comnletely done up after the race. Five hundred and eight tons of sugar, were exported from Queensland from the. 28th June to the Bih August, The majority of the publicans in Williams town on Monday (says (he Age) commenced to charge the advance, of Id per nobbier on ram. Active and honorary members of the Ballara t hire Brigade are requested to meet at the sta tion this evening, at 7. to join in a torchlight procesiton to tbe Alfred Hall. Mr Q. Cavanagb, late of Learmonlh, notifies e a.where that be baa purchased the general grocery business lately conducted by Henry Alpen, at the corner of Armstrong and Mair streets, opposite the Haymarket. in rt, e “| eranc , meEtiD B be held to-night preside *'° U Hall ’ Dr Moffit will • it -^ ur P' e . meeting this even didates ° ck > Bruun’e Hall. Initiation of can , “ Stock committee, 7.30. u S e ' Q ian, the curative herbalist, of S OU ,:^ Wi11 ! bj special request, be in Bal- SrturdL Sim 8 - 8 b°tel) for consultation on free n' ' Consultations are to-be a ' m - ,m 1 3 p.m. till 