Notes of the Week* : ?* ? ? The Legislative. Council has pronounced no opinion . upon Mr. Stewart's Federation resolutions, and the course they have taken is the right one. The whole question must come before both Houses in a few. weeks at farthest, and then it will be time enough for our Parliament to say what it thinks on the subject. If the Council had come to a decision on the merits oi the resolutions which have been 'before the country duiing the last two or. three weeks, -it would not have been committed to any line of action in the matter of the federal Council Bill, and it is upon the ques tion of the bill that Parliament will have to vote. In the course of the debate upon the resolutions in. the Council, however, there were a good many allusions to the hill, and from . what was said it may be inferred that the majority of the members of the Upper HouBe are prepared to go with the Govern ment. Not there was any very decided opinion ex pressed as to the convention proposals themselves. There was little' to -show that much attention had . been paid to them. Judging from what was advanced by one or two of those who took part in the debate, the notion is that the proposals . are a small matter. . .It: is of .no consequence, it seems, whether the Federal Council is composed of fourteen1 or of forty, or whether in the composition of the council regard is had to the population: lof the colonies or hot. For the purposes orfederation Che first plan that offers itself should be adopted. It re mains to be seen whether the Assembly will be prepared: to- . take ? so much on trust. To vhacever conclusion , the latter may arrive ' \- * ? ' ?? . . it is to be hoped that it will subject the provisions of the bill to a more searching investigation than, they have received hitherto. Both the resolutions and the *? bill have now been accepted by tlrree bf the Legisla tures of theBe colonies, and in none of the three has the real question before the colonies been gone into. In two out of the three colonies the . Federal resolutions were passed without any real debate at all. What has beea conveyed is that it is the theory of federation that is before the colonies, and that at the present stage de tails are of no consequence. Those who take the re solutions of the Convention without inquiry call themselves federalists, while those who claim the right to criticise the resolutions are denounced as anti federalists. But it may turn out that the antifeder alists, so called, are the best federalists after all. There is no doubt now about there being smallpox in Melbourne, and it is pretty certain that it has been there for several weeks. The health authorities have been standing on their dignity to the injury of the public. Whether smallpox has come through the Rome cannot at present be absolutely determined, but as the quarantine was lighter in Victoria than in New South Wales it was a point of honour to show that we had been absurdly particular. When, therefore, smallpox broke out the cue was to argue that it was not smallpox, to declare that it was aggravated chicken-pox, or some mysterious intermediate disease, not previously known to the faculty. It has been impossible to keep up this delusion. This week a boy employed in at tendance on a fruitstall in the Eastern Market de veloped the usual pustules, and two experienced doctors, who had seen much smallpox in other parts of the world, identified the disease beyond all doubts. Since then three more cases have been reported in another family, and now there is no longer any reason or ground for denying that the case in the hospital which gave it to the medical student was also smallpox. Up to the present time, therefore, the Government has Seen exercising far less precau tion than is necessary to keep the disease down and stamp it out ; and even now the course adopted is not sufficiently energetic. Patients, indeed, are removed to the sanitorium where practicable, or the house in which they are treated is quarantined, but there are no sufficient precautions taken with respect to those who have been in communication with the patient, or to purify the houses- where the disease has bees. Smallpox has fairly got a footing in Melbourne, and the Government must adopt the N. S. Wales policy if it means to get it under. Meanwhile the disease may be brought across the border any day, or be brought by steamer to Sydney. All that we can do is to be very vigilant with regard to the first outbreaks. Dr. Mackellar has the Faraway ready as a Sydney hospital, and has tents and appli ances for despatch to any part of the colony. But these preparations must be backed by the faculty and the public, who must notify the first appearance of the disease. It is pretty well know, that Mr. Griffiths was the real draftsman of the Federal Council Bill, and his support to the measure in the Queensland Parliament was therefore guaranteed beforehand. The Opposi tion haB been equally ready to give its assent, because in Sir Thomas M'llwraith's absence Mr. Morehead has claimed for that gentleman all fhe real merit of the convention and what has grown out of it. /But though both sides of the House were prepared to give a support to the convention and its work, it is certainly reu arkable that in Queensland, as in Victoria and in Tasmania, the Legislature should decline to trouble itself about the details of the bill. No previous Constitution Act has , ever been framed or pasBed in the same way, and the Federal Bill is a Constitution Act of very wide scope. Under its powers four members can make a quorum, and any two colonies can refer to it any subject for legislation. It is conceivable, therefore, though of course not probable, that Fiji and Western Australia 'might refer such questions as the tariff, or the feder alisation of all the land, or the nationalisation of all the land, to the Council* and that, with the aid oi Tasmania to. make up the quorum, they could establish federal law on the subject. Of course this law would not be binding on any colony that did not remit the question, but none the less would it have the status of federal law, and the other colonies aould only accept or reject it. Even if all the colonies go into the union, the minority may bind the majority, for the Council cannot consist of more than 14 members, and eight votes can carry anything, and those eightvotes might be furnished by Tasmania, South Australia, Queensland, Fiji, ana Western Australia, and these contain a minority of the population, who would be bound, under the law, for more than half is in New South Wales, Vic toria, and New Zealand- jointly. What would the majority say in such a contingency, and is it wise to run risks of this kind? Ought not the colonial Legislatures to look into these matters before sending the bill to England to be turned into law? Yet, up to the present, none of these Legislatures have sub jected the measure to a close criticism. It. has been accepted, holus bolus, for the sake bf getting a federal union, leaving the rest to the chapter of chances. It ' remains to be seen whether the Parliaments .pf South Australia, New South Wales, and New Zealand will - be equally indifferent todetails. The New Zealand general election came off on Wednesday, and although as always happens some pf the elements in the House that has been elected will be new, it does sot seem that the relative position of parties has been very materially changed. In the old House there were three parties — the Atkinson party, the Grey party, and the Montgomery party. None of these parties was Btrong enough to com mand a good working majority, and in consequence of this there was an appeal to the country. The advise given to the Governor to dissolve the House was the result of the carrying of an amendment on the address in reply, and in consequence of the carrying of this amendment a second adverse motion was carried to the effect that Ministers hod acted unconstitutionally in advising a dissolution. The second motion was ?carried .*by the casting vote of the Speaker. It was, .first of 'all, as to the propriety or otherwise of the ap peal toc the people that the people were asked to give their verdict.Theoth.er points submitted ~tb the -constituencies were' 'retrenchment in the Civil: .Service, equitable-railway rates oyer the whole colony, ?the amendment of the law dealing . with native lands, and .the oompletion of the North Island main -trunk .railway.' -From this list it w|U be inferred that no burning' 'question has been submitted to the New Zealand constituencies, and such isthe fact. The question that hasbeen before the colony is one of . men, not' measures. There was no' formidable ob jection to the Atkinson Government1; but theGovern- - ment had 'been in power -a long time, and there was a somewhat general wish-forfcchange. Sir George ? Grey, -no doubt, thought that if Mr. Atkinson were: deposed he would be wanted in his place ; butit would seem that -Sir George returns from the country with , / : a weaker following than he had when he went toit. According jbo the telegrams, Mr. Atkinson will have 30 , followers m the newhouBe,Sir J ulius Vogel 31, and Sir \ 4Seorge'-&rjejl5; .'That means that there Is ho pjjyrfy in the House stfoftg enough to manage its busuu&s;^ and j that any strong Government trill have to be a coalition Government. If we are to judge from, the past, a coalition between Sir Julius Vogel and Sir George Grey will be an impossibility. A vogel- Atkinson Go vernment might be both, a strong and a popular one, but whether such a combination is possible or not re mains to be seen. Every Government must have a head, and both Mr. Atkinson and Sir Julius Vogel have been in the habit of playing first fiddle. A few years ago there was a rush at sugar industry in Queensland. About the richness of the coast land there was no possible doubt, the price of sugar offered every encouragement, and there were the South Sea islands offering plenty of dark- skinned labour. Voung men from England and old colonists from New South Wales and Victoria rushed into the new opening, which promised a happy variation onthe monotony of squatting. But pf the three promising conditions, only one remains now. The land .is as rich as ever— that has been demonstrated ; and coast explorers have shown that there is still «n immense quantity of it awaiting tillage. But the price of sugar has gone down, and the supply of kanaka labour is almost as good as shut off. Consequently all the planters who have invested their capital, and in many cases gone heavily into debt, are bemoaning their con dition. They are disposed to lay all the blame on Mr. Griffith, but that gentleman has only stipulated for humanity. He has not forbidden the im portation of kanaka labour. He only stipulates for no kidnapping, no cruelty, proper supervision, and no sale of arms. Under such conditions there is no superabundant supply, and that is found to be the case in Fiji just as mucli as in Queensland, There is no doubt that Mr. Griffith admits a dislike to the planting system altogether, and believes in small sugar farms cultivated by European labour. That is a pleasant theory, but can it be realised? We do it cn the Clarence, but can it be done north of Bris bane ? If it can, it will be a happy solution of the ? difficulty. If it cannot, what is to be done with the coast scrub lands ? Will it be better to leave them untilicd than to till them with black labour ? j The world never witnessed so inexplicable a puzzle as the present condition of Russia. Undeterred by I the most vigilant watchfulness and merciless prosecu- ' tion, the underground plotting goes on. And not j amongst desperadoes only, men and women reckless , because they have nothing to lose ; but ever creeping upwards, permeating higher circles, gathering to itself more and more of the culture, the respectability, the | wi alth of the nation, and with no other purpose than i to destroy. The killing of Caspar is intelligible : therejjwas another, or at least a something, to set up in his stead, but the killing of the Czar is simply a work of clearance. There is no idea of any thing to follow it. The Czar is sentenced to death because he reigns; has the misfortune to reign, is brought into the world with a millstone of responsi bility about his neck, and does his best to bear it with dignity and decorum according to the traditions of his ? order. Unhappy Czar ! What shall he do ? He is just as helpless in his splendour as the vagrant in his rags. He feels just as distinctly as . the vagrant the whole tide of popular feeling | setting against him, and he is just as im- j potent as the vagrant in the face of the question, ' What shall I do to-be saved?' Work! It is better to rot. Yield ! It is more becoming to perish. Is this the reality of what Tennyson foresaw in some of the most wonderful lines of the most wonderful poem in the language — But ill lor him tbat wears a crown, And bim the lazar in his rags, They tremble, the sustaining crags ! Nor can it be said without good cause. The tribute which Bociety still awards to the blame less life has seldom been more fully paid than at the funeral of Canon Stephen on Tuesday. It may be said that every section of the population of the city, from Government House to Randwick Asylum, was represented— Ministry, Parliament, the Churches, the administrator of the Roman Catholic diocese, and Sir Patrick Jennings aB a notable layman of that Church, many members of the deceased canon's own parish, the Bible-class he had instructed, the orphan children he had watched over. - It was a meeting of the extremes of the people to mourn a common Mend. And yet all that can be said of the deceased gentle man is that he had laboured simply and consistently in the performance of the duties of his order, He had never sought notoriety by controversy or by turning aside to those seductive paths of political influence which lead so many divines from the simple duty of doing gocd. The late canon was content to be iu the simplest as the broadest sense the pastor of his people, and as a paBtor they missed and mourned him. Surely the extent and the earnestness of that mourn ing anay be taken as indicative of the broad way which still lieB open to those who are willing to per form the simple pastor's wdrk. The mistake of the Heydon episode on Tuesday night was its prominence. Mr. Heydon was at liberty to cross ihe floor whenever inclination or ne cessity led him so to do ; but it is difficult to see why his crossing over should be made the occasion of a for mal declaration or a Ministerial retort. The gaze of the country is not fixed upon Mr. Heydon; theex pcctation of the whole people does not hang upon the words of Mr. Heydon. Air. Heydon may speak as he likes, vote as he likes, think as he likes, and no large section of the people will be seriously concerned. Had the Ministerial whip seized Mr. Heydon by the scalp as he was about to cross over and thundered, ' Sit down!' a squeal or a protest would have been in telligible; but the trumpet blast and thie summons, ' Behold me ; I am about to change! ' is absurd and unfortunate. It is- at all times difficult to make fame by desertion, and when behind the desertion there lurks even the suspicion of asecond party's command, some little discredit is certain as glory is impossible. It is not altogether a matter for regret that this-, silly talk about the School of Anatomy has arisen. The clearing up shows the folly of the suspicion, and in a very strong light the folly of the inspector ; but it deos not Bhow that at present' operations at the Schodl of Anatomy are conducted in a perfectly satis factory manner. To doctors and students of medicine the human body isnotsuch absolute sacred matter as to the ordinary or the uneducated layman, and, more* over, the. doctors in. this business of dissection have the sins of many generations to bear. . Rightly . or wrongly, tales, of resurrection .crimes, of, body-snatching, of . careless use and secret, - burial, hang about them. . All false now, probably; false and foolish as tales of churchyard ghosts, but not the less influential therefore. Foolish or not, the recent hubbub shows them to exist, and their existence justifies precautions, not Belgravian, but common-sense precautions, abbut the anatomical school. This is what is required : A formal accept ance of all bodies by the managers of - these Schools, . and when the work of dissection, which .should not be top prolonged, is ended, a formal delivery tosomeperson . charged to receive the bodies and see to their proper - buiial. If precautions of this sort grow.out of a Ithe pompous, bungle, even the zeal of Dr. Belgrave will not have been expended in vain. 