HOUSE OF ASSEMBLY. TUESDAY, AUGUST 19. The SPEAKER took the chair at 2 o'clock. PETITIONS. Petitions were presented—By Mr. BASEDOW from the Corporation of Gawler; by Mr. NEWLAND, from the Encounter Bay District Council; Mr. Mr. KING from the Mitcham District Council; by Mr. BUCKNALL, from the Corporation of Hlnilmarah; by Ur. Gil-beet, from tbe Manna Para East District Council; by Ur. Moodt, from the Kapunda Corporation and Hamilton District Council; by Hr. Dobcas, from the Rhynie and Dalkey District Councils; by Ur. Kbichauff. from the Mount Gambier West and Penola District Councils; by Ur. Castine, from the Hall, Gilbert, and Stockport District Councils; by Ur. Bower, Irom the Port Adelaide Corporation, and Woodville, Port land Estate, and Base-rater District Councils; by Mr. Habdt, ttem tbe Sai-raooorte and Bobe District Councils; by Me. Lasdsbeb, from the Alexandria District Council; by Ur. ). L. Strauso from Mount Barker and Echnnga District Councils; by Hr. Rigor, from tbe Mount Gambier Corporation; by Hr. Landseek, from the St-raUmn- iyn Corporation; by Mr. Newlakd, from the Port Elliot District Council; by Ur. Graisgeb, from tbe Green's Plains District Oonncil; by Ur. Catt, trom the Gladstone Corporation and Narridy and Caltowie District Councils; by Ur. Fpbxkb, from the Kadina Corporation and Kuban District Council praying forme continuance of the grants-in-aid ot cor porations and district councils. Beceived. POST AND TELEGRAPH OFFICE AT STOCK WELL. Ur. BASEDOW asked the Commlasioner of Pnblic Works whether any tenders had yet been reoeived for the construction of a post snd telegraph office at StockweD. The COMMISSIONER of PUBLIC WORKS (Hon. T. Playford), in reply, stated tfaat he was not quite sure whether or not ten-dan had been reoeived previous day; but they bad beea advertised. GRANTS-IN-AID TO CORPORATIONS AND DISTRICT COUNCILS. Tne Hon. J. C. BRAT asked—"Will the Govern ment introduce a 80l to regulate and limit the grants in-aid to be paid to corporations and district councils T* Tbe COMMISSIONER of CROWN LANDS (Hou. 3. Coles) replied—" It b the intention of the Govern ment to introduce a Bill to limit the grants-in-aid to Corporations and District Councils." LOCAL COURT JURISDICTION. Ur. BAGOT asked the Attorney-General—" Whether his attention has been drawn to the fact that a case was lately tried in the Local Court at Mount Gambier between a resident in Sonth Australia and a resident up on tbe territory in dispute between Victoria and South Australia, oo the eastern boundary of this colony, which was dismissed by the presiding magis trate on the ground that the oourt had no jurisdic tion?' The ATTORNEY-GENERAL (Hon. C. C. Kingston) stated in reply—" A report has been received from the special magistrate, torn which it does not appear to bave been dearly- iJUMBhuI at the trial that the defendant was a resident on tbe disputed territory, litigation is still pending, a new trial having been applied for." NAIRNE RAILWA-J^BRIDGE. Mr. HOWE, for Mr. Coolls, asked—" What is the Government -payingper ton to the contractors for the wrought and cast iron bridge erected on the Nairne lineol railway 2" The COMMISSIONER of PUBUC WORKS (Hon, T. Playford, in reply, said —" 1. Wrought iron in girders, bracing, and other bridge work erected, fixed, hnished, and tested complete ta £30 per ton. 2. Cast iron work in columns, girders, bedplates, and other iron bridge work erected, fixed, finished, and tasted com plete is £24 per ton." REPORTS OF DESTITUTE COMMISSION. Mr. BAGSTER asked—"When the Destitute Com mission may be expected to report?'. The CHIEF SECRETARY (Hon. J. Colton) replied— " The commission intend shortly to send up a second progress report on oertain matters npon which their enquiries are completed. The chairman, however, will not be able to prepare the draft progress report until be has competed certain important judicial engagements which he has now in band. Tne com mission at great inconvenience to tbcmselvess are now holding meetings twice a week in order to complete their investigations with aU practicable dispatch; but it is impossible at preeent to fix the dates at which the final reports will be ready." THE CARRIAGE OF NEWSPAPERS TO SILVERTON. Ur. CALDWELL enquired—" Whether or not it is a fact tbat the postal department is carrying the New- South Wales newspapers to Silverton free Oi charge?' Tbe CHIEF SECRETARY (Hon. J. Colton) stated, in answer—" Kew Sou'h "Vales newspapers posted in Sol **& Australia addressed to Silverton are subject to South Australian postage of *}d., but newspapers and letters received in closed mails from New South Wales for Silverton are delivered free under arrange ments between the colonies. The Governments or the other colonies cany mail bags for this colony free under similar orcomstsnees." PASTORAL BILL. First reading. This Bill was introduced and reads first time, and its second reading nude an Order of the Day tor Thursday next. PRINTING OF PETITION. Ur. J. L. STIRLING moved— " That petition No. 17, presented on August C trom one person, be printed." Carried. EMPLOYERS' LIABILITY BILL. First reading. The ATTORN Er-GEKERAL (Hon. C a Kingston) moved— "Tbat he Jure leave to introduce 'A 80l for an Act to amend the law relating to the liability of employers to compensate workmen for personal inju ries suffered in their service.'" Be said there was no doubt from opinions lately expressed that the House generally woviW-recognise the desirability of iutrodncing some legislation on so importantasubject. (Hear, hear.) He did not propose to go into the details of the BUI at present, tout he would point out that it was based on an Act which had been adopted by the New South Wales Legislature as lately as lml, which was chiefly founded on the provisions of the Imperial Act. Be recognised the bet that in connection with this subject two great interests— tabor and capital—were involved. There was a good deal to be said on both sides, and the Government had done what they thought best in endeavoring to meet the waata -of employer and employed. The Ministry had brought down the Bill in as perfect a form as they oould tmder the circumstances, bnt they would be glad to receive any suggestions which might from time to time be made, and togive effect to them if it were considered desirable. (Hear, bear.) Carried. The BUI was introduced and read a first time, and the second reading made an Order ot the Day forncxt Tuesday. DISTILLATION BILL. First reading. Tbe TREASURER (Hon. W. B. Rounsevcll) moved— "Stat the House resolve itself into a committee of the whole to take into consideration the laws relating to distillation.*' Carried. In Committee. "The TREASURER (Hon. W. B. Bounsevell) moved that the Chairman be directed to move the House for leave to introduce a 80l to amend and consoli date the law relatinjf^o distillation. Tiie object of the Bill was to cnaW the Government to cany* out tbe duties connected witb the Customs dcoart ment as regards distillation with greater certainty and freedom than was possible at present, and to enlarge the scope of distillation in the colony. The Ministry purposed in the Bill taking powers by which all the products of South Australia could be utilised for -She purpose of distillation. That had been promised tor many years, and the late Government had intended to introduce a Bill similar to that wbich he propoeed bringing in if they had remained in office. The present Government had made some slight alterations in the measure prepared by the late Cabinet, which he would point out at tbe proper time. Carried. The resolution was -reported. The report was re ceived, read, and agreed to. The CHAIRMAN moved that the Attorney-General and the Treasurer be appointed a committee to bring in a Bin to give effect to the resolution. Carried. The Bill was introduced and read a first time, and its second reading made an Order of the Day tor Thursday, August 28. ENCOUNTER BAT BOUNDARIES BILL. Third reading. This Bill was read a third time and passed. PORT AUGUSTA WHARFS BILL. Consideration of second report of committee of whole House. The it-port was agreed to, and the third reading of tbe Bill made an Order of the Day for tbe following day. I SUPPLY.—THB ESTIMATES—ADJOURWED ! DEBATE ON BUDGET SPEECH. I In Committee. Legislature—Total, £15,292. Increase, £410; de crease, .61,018 2s. lOd. Tbe Hon. J. C. BRAT, who, on rising was reoeived ?aithdieers.oongratul?tedtlw'rreasureronthenianner in wbich he delivered hisflret?udget speech. He (ths speaker) had been Treasurer for only a few- weeks, ! and never had an opportunity of delivering such a speech. He thought the Treasurer's address was almost perfect It would have been quite perfect if he (the Treasurer) had made no reference therein to figures. (Laughter.) It was only when he came to deal with figures, which he might more properiy have left to the chief derk of the Treasury, that be (the speaker) had cause to differ from him. As far as figures were concerned he (the Treasurer)dld not give the committee any explanation in regard to them, but simply stated that he hod full appendices at hand in reference to them. But be did not justify them or account for the deficiency. In the first place he (the speaker) proposed to refer shortly to the ques tion of the excesses which had been frequently alluded to by the Ministry, and in reference to which the Hon. Lavington Glyde had not been correctly quoted. All honorable members would agree that when members of a Ministry criticised the action of members of a former Ministry, the least they might do was to be correct in their quotations, and not to mislead the House and the country* by putting into the mouths of their prede cessors words they never uttered. 'When the Chid Secretary first referred to the policy of the Government on July 1, 1884, he said:—"lregretalsotofindthatthe excesses on votes bave been very much larger than was anticipated. On February 27 of this year the late Treasurer said that he expected to have excesses on votes ol £25,000. Now tiie amount of excesses to-day we find is £150,000." What Mr. Glyde did say—and his words might be seen in "Hansard," p. SlTS—was as follows :— *' Mr. King asked me a question as to excesses yesterday ; but I could not give him the whole of the information that he wanted in Si hours. I may say, however, that up to the present time they arc not above £25,000.'' Mr. Glyde never said that that would be the amount of the excesses up to the end of the year. He said "up to the present time." (Mr. Kin-*;—"That is 60.") Then the Chief Secretary, in an innocent manner that would have done credit to the newest of new members, said that if the excesses in eight months amounted to £-23,000, how much ought they to amount to in a year? The answer was that there was no justification whatever for any large amount of excesses during the first six months ot the year. Excesses always occurred at tke latter end of the year. (Hear, bear.) He was son*}' that the paper asked for by Mr. King had not been laid on the table. On July 10 a motion was moved for the production of a lopcr showing the amounts of the yearly excesses, and tiie date when they were incurred. That paper should have been on the table before now. (Cheers.) Whether thelateTreasurer(Mr. Clyde) were correct or not—and he felt sure he was correct—that paper should have been produced. In its absence it was only fair to assume that Mr. Glyde was strictly cor- | rect. The amount of the excesses was not at that time more than £25,000; and it was reasonable to believe that the late Treasurer, who was a careful man, satisfied himself tbat tbat state ment was correct. He would be glad if the Treasurer would inform the Honse whether Mr. Clyde's statement was correct or not. (Hear.) All hon. members would recollect that last year tbere were no Supplementary Estimates, and that of course would lead any thoughtful man to the conclusion tbat the excesses must be more tban usual instead of less. The fact was that when this statement was made in Parliament on February 28 tfaey were on the eve of a general election, and it would have been the height of tolly on the part of the Government to bring down Supplementary Estimates unless they had decided to postpone the elections for some months. Although they might lay down a general rule that there ought to be no large excesses or unex pended balances, he maintained that the excesses of the late Government were such as could be justified, and tfae money had been properiy spent. It was said that imitation was the truest form of flattery, and it was a curious fact that during tiie year, when the present Chief Secretary was head of the Government, the excesses were almost exactly tbe same as those for this year—£l4s,ooo. (Laughter.) Hon. members would recollect that on that occasion the Chief Secretary had Supplementary Estimates for the preceding year, and therefore there was less excuse for him than for the late Mimstry. Tbere were always some excesses towards the end of the year, and they generally averaged from £80,000 to £100,000. Tbe present excesses were after all merely a matter of bookkeeping, because there were savings on tbe same lines as those in which tiie excesses occurred. They were told by the Treasurer that some of these excesses could be justified, but some could not; and he said, " Name them." The Treasurer replied, *' I will name them presently," but although he listened attentively he oould not hear him mention any. (Hear, hear.) The Treasurer went through appendix No. 2, but he did not name one single line that was not justifiable and properiy incurred. He would point out to hon. members that as far as many of the lines were concerned it was ol the utmost importance that the Government should incur the expenditure in pushing on necessary public works, because it was their distinct duty to do so. The excesses were in round numbers £1*45,000, and of this £17,823 was an excess on the aid to corporations and district councils. Now he supposed there was not a member of the House who would say that expense ought not to have been in curred, or that both Houses of Parliament having pledged themselves last year to subsidise district councils and corporations pound for pound on the rates expended in certain ways, should not grant this sum. (Hear, bear.) Tben they found an excess of £7,359 on railways, but at the same time he would point out there was a saving of £11,586 in unexpended balances on other rail-Kays, which simply meant that the Government had provided £11,000 more than tbey expended on certain railways, and required £7,000 excesses on others which they had not specially pro vided for. He was sure the House would not have forgiven any Ministry who declined to go on with these railways because Parliament had not voted the necessary funds. (Hear, hear.) He maintained confidently tbat this expenditure was warranted, and that the money had btwn expended on the best pay ing lines in the country—the Port Adelaide, Port Pine, Northern, Great Northern, and Nairne lines. There was an excess ol £709 on the Survey and Crown lands, but on the otber hand there were unexpended balances on votes for the same work for the sum of £7,700. There was an excess on retiring allowances of £7,741. and he was sure hon. members would say the late Ministry would not have been justified in refusing to pay allowances to which the recipients were abso lutely entitled bylaw, With regard to public works on which the excesses were £17,000, they were for works varying in cost for 15s. for a road at Port McDonnell to £1,527 for land and compensation at the quarantine station on Torrens Island. On looking through these items he challenged any hon. member to say any one of these lines should not have been gone into. He asked the Treasurer to say where expenditure had been improperly incurred. The only possible doubt which occurred to bis own mind was regarding the £8,004 for inscribing Government StocK with the London bankers, Glyn, Mills, & Co. This expenditure did not improve the ordinary revenues of the country, but they agreed to inscribe the stock because tbey could get a better price for it in London when inscribed. Tbis w*as paid out of revenue to assist the loan, and the only question in his mind was whether it might not properiy have been charged to the loan account, but whether charged to loan or revenue it was an amount that had to be paid. I There was an excess of £5,296 on the Government j Printing-office. He had been told last year by the [ present Chief Secretary that they had not sufficiently ] provided for this point, but every hon. member knew ! that last year a strong pressure was brought to bear I on the Government to cut down the Estimates, and he I on that occasion asked the House to vote less than i had been voted the previous year, and , less than the Government Printer had asked hiiii to vote. There was no attempt made to increase the amount, but the then Government said distinctly that it was less titian was spent the previous year, but that if there was no uncalled-for work re quired to be done it might be sufficient. (The Chief Secretary—"The vote was £10,000, and you spent £8,000 more.") Well, hon. members knew no Govern ment could go down to the printing house and see personally as to the cost of printing papers. It must be remembered that in former years the House used to be content witfa some two volumes of blue-books, whereas now there were about five every year, and as long as hon. members required, and rightly required, these books printed, there would be an increase of expenditure. At the same time he considered the money well spent at tfae printing-office because it was most important that tbe public should know, by the reproduction of these documents in the newspapers, how the business of the House was conducted. He therefore thought the excess on the -Government Printing-office perfectly justifiable. It would doubtless have been exceedingly improper for the late Treasurer to have eaid, as be was stated te have said, that the excesses would not exceed £25,000; but he maintained that the late Treasurer said nothing of the kind. What he said was that up to February, tfae time at which he spoke, the excesses were £*25,000, and until that was disproved he was sure the House would agree that Mr. Glyde was perfectly right in what he said. He would now refer shortly to the proposed Estimates of revenue and expenditure which the Treasurer had brought down. He believed he had allowed in the revenue as much as they could reasonably expect to get, perbaps in some cases even more. The revenue from Customs was estimated at £630,000 in February last, and at £675,000 in the preceding July, and tfae present Chief Secretary said at the time he thought the calculation was placed too : low. (The Chief Secrctai-y—" I thought so.") He was glad to sec that even the Chief Secretary .occasionally made a mistake. (Laughter.) There was nothing dishonest in the Treasurer having overesti mated the revenue, when the position of affairs at the time he made Uie statement pointed to the fact that he had probably made an underestimate. (Hear, hear.) Tbe Treasurer said a large portion of this loss was owing to the New South Wales Convention having terminated. Now a very small portion of it was due to that—(hear, hear)—stiU he thought it would be some time before we entered into a near convention. (Hear, hear.) We could only enter into a new con vention on the understanding that a proper and correct account should be taken of the goods -going into each colony, and that the difference should be paid by the colony which appeared to owe it. That plan was proposed by him to the Government of Nea- South Wales when he was attending the Sydney Conference, but they -then declined to enter into any agreement, the reason being tfaat tfaey were at that time engaged in an alteration of their tariff. During the last tnree years we had paid about £47,500 a year for the right to send our good 6 into that colony without paving datv, and during these three years we suffered a net loss of £13,881. There was a loss on the convention every .\ car. Now it was not worth our while to go on with a convention that resulted in a loss like that. (Hear, hear.) If an agreement was made ft must be made on fair terms, so that neither colony should be a loser to any great extent. There was a cadi deficiency this year of £436,000. He presumed it would be useless to question that, but he would ade the Treasurer whether he did not make it a Uttle more than he could have done. They were told by tiie Minister ot Education that he had a credit balance on hand of £16,000 on account of the Northern Territory. Now the Northern Territory owed ns £38,000, and why did not tbe Treasurer by a stroke of his pen reduce the deficiency by this £16,000? He did not like to impute motives, but he would ask whether the present balance sheet was not arranged to make the accounts of the late Government look £16,000 worse than they were. Did tfae Treasurer tray to himself—" 1 will not pay this £10,000 in to last* year's accounts, because then the late Government would get the credit of it, but i will pay it in this year so as to show how we can make the Northern Ter ritory pay her debtor Until the Treasurer said it was a blunder, he most believe it something wone (The Treasurer—"Oh, it is not a Wonder.**) Ah, the Treasurer, unlike tiie Chlel Secretary, tradd not admit that he sometimes made a bunder, (daughter, and the Treasurer—"l should ba aony for my blunders to be as many as yours."! This deficiency ot £436,000 had been referred to by tiie Treasurer in a way he did not think was quite tfae thing. Tbe defidency was not?matter to be alarmed about for anyone who knew the cause ot tiie deficiency, which tfae Treasurer had not attempted to indicate. It was owing in part to tfae tailing off in tfae Custom***, but | mainly to tfae attentions effected in tfae land laws, by which tbe Goresnment ceased to receive anything like tfae -revenue of former years. If the revenue from land salcsduring tfae last twoyears bad been equal to the avenge of tfae previous four years from 1878 we should base an increased revenue by £439,000 and no deficiency at aU. (Hear, heat; and Mr. Burgoyne—" It is owing to the h?H seasons too.") Of course the bad seasons must also be taken into ac count, as they had rendered these liberal concessions to the fanners necessary. Still in no country in tbe world could such important changes be made without powerfully affecting the finances. U hou. members : considered that the revenue received from Govern- i | ment land sales during tfae last two years was only £656,000, while during tfae previous two years it was £1,188,000, and for tbe two years before that over £1,000,000, they would ccc that the falling-off in the revenue could easily be accounted for. As far as the Customs returns were cou- i cemed, they pointed to considerable depression throughout tfae country, and no doubt a large amount of imports beyond what was necessary took place last year, but the very fact tfaat our Customs returns had been so low was a reason tfaat they should be buoyant during tfae year*, and they might fairly look to toe Treasurer's expectations being realised. (Hear, hear.) He did not propose to go through each item, but he thought railways were put too low—tbey would produce £650,000, he believed, witfa the extensions that had been constructed. There was a large amount of wheat now going over i tfae rails to tiie seaboard, and in order to show what effect this would be, he would mention tfaat in the period from June 28 to August 2 this year, the receipts from railways were £58,000 as against £45,000 for the corresponding period last year. (Hear, hear.) They could not expect that to be kept up, but it would doubtless continue forsome time, with regard to postages he thought they were rather underestimated, because for tiie present year they would have the postage on newspapers, and might fairly expect the same increase which took place last year. With regard to land sales, of course it was very difficult to form an estimate, but he thought tiie Treasurer was right in expecting the same as last year. He there fore thought the estimate of revenue, with the ex ception of railways, were fairly allowed for. As to expenditure, he considered the Government had not provided or attempted to -provide tor the expenditure of the coming year, and their estimates would result in a large excess. (Hear, hear, and dissent.) There ' would have to be large supplementary estimates. He would take one line as an instance. Tbe Government prided themselves on their vigorous railway policy in regard to surveys, and yet tfaey pro posed to put down only £4,000 for new surveys, when £6,000 was expended on them last year. (The Treasurer—" I will explain all ttet") Of course the Treasurer would explain it by-and-by. (Laughter.) Where would tfae expenditure come from? (The : Chief Secretary—" Out of the loan, of course.") [ That was not fair to the House, for the plan had been to charge the amount first to the revenue, and after wards recoup it to the loan. The Treasurer could not explain why he had made this reduction, and it seemed to him to throw a doubt on the intention of the Government to carry out the railway surveys they had announced. He was glad to find the Government proposed to expend £407,562 on railways and tram ways this year, as against £377,900 last year. At that time the present Chief Secretary, supported by his col leagues, said the railway ???-???*" should be cut down in every way. (The Commissioner of Public Works— "There are more lines now.") Certainly there could be no sensible reduction in the workine expenses of the railways while we bad ta ?mn-int*-*-**' them as at the present time. Last year tfae Chief Secretary said it was almost wicked to vote £15,000 for relaying the line from Biverton to tfae Buna. (Tbe Chief Secre tary—"Ko, Isaiditcotddbedelayed.") He presumed that vote had been spent, and they were now asked to put down £10,000 more for tfae same purpose. He thought the Commissioner of Public Works would find he was mistaken in t-hinlring this work could be com pleted for that amount, as last year between £33,000 and £31,000 bad been asked for in order to finish it Tfaey were asked to vote £1,000 less for electoral expenses this year than was usually voted. £5,000 was tfae amount generally taken, and he would point out that before the close of next year there would be an election for several seats in the Legislative Council Last year £9,600 was spent on the general election, and the year before the amount was £C,IOO, although there was only an election for tfae Legislative Council. There must inevitably be excesses on these points if the electors were to be allowed to record their rotes. This year there was an apparent saving of £900 for water at the Botanic Gardens, but as the amount was formerly paid to the waterworks department the expenditure really remained the same. There was another thing that did not appear to be provided for, and that was the filling up of the deathhole in the Torrens. It was not creditable to allow this to con tinue. Several sad accidents bad occurred there, and the hole should be filled up. Last year there was a great discussion on the subject of erecting shelter sheds for schools. The Minister of Education said they were necessary, and suggested tfaat funds should be provided for tbat purpose from the loan. At this the present Government were very wroth, and said the amount should be spent out of the revenue, yet there was not a penny on the estimates for the purpose. He would ask the Treasurer if all the shelter-sheds had been erected. Were not tenders being called for some of them now- ? If so, how were they to be paid ? Then the cbief apparent saving of the Government was in their estimate of repairs to Government build ings. Tbe amount voted last year was £17,000, this year £14,000; fencing, &c;, buildings last year £4,000, this year £2,000; educational buildings £1,000 less than last year for repairs; for drainage and sanitary works last year £3,000 was provided, and there was an excess of £11,000; and not a sixpence had been provided thi? year. Was not any necessary? (Ihe Commissioner of Public Works—" Only a little neces sary.") There was no doubt tfaat proper provision should be made, and the work could not be anything like finished. Then last year the total for works and buildings was £111,000; this year the Government proposed to ask the House for £64,000, ora little morethanhalf theamountpassedlastyear. Theaniount passed last year for roads, streets, and bridges was £41,000; tfae amount asked for now was only £28,000. But tbe Government weredesirous to make things look as bad as possible, and tbey put on the Estimates this year that the grants-in-aid,to corporations and district councils at lOd. in the'found would amount to £75,000. It was a great and serious mistake to be peddling with a question by knockin-r off 2d. in the pound in the year, and he should endeavor to main tain the payment of the usual grant-in-aid. (Hear, hear.) However, as tfae Government intended to bring in a Bill he need not anticipate the discussion that would then take place. The money spent by district councils and corporations was some of the best spent in the colony. (Mr. Miller —" And some of the worst") It might be so in tfae country but not in the town- The streets of Adelaide were not made for the residents of Adelaide alone; it was a great advan tage that country people coming to the city should have good streets and footpaths to walk on, and the general revenue of the country should help them who helped themselves. (Hear, hear.) Ko money was better spent than in assisting corporations and district councils to make their own roads, streets, and bridges; and if the works carried out by them were restricted to those of which the genera] public could take advantage, hon. members would not do wrong in continuing tbe rate that had been formerly paid. He said therefore that on most of the lines he had referred to the Government had not made sufficient provision for tfae expenditure of the year; tfaat the amount included on the Estimates must in a, great number of cases be largely exceeded; and tbat unless the Treasury brought down Supple mentary Estimates to a very unusual extent tiie ex cesses far the present year would be far more than those for last year. (The Treasurer—"Certainly not**) It would be so if the Government did their duty by carrying on proper public works and making proper provision for the working of our railways, -and carried on repairs to buildings, erected ehelter-Eheds, end carried out surveys for rail vaj-s and the other works he had referred to. He would rather excuse the Government for going into excess for works that were necessary than for re fusing togo to excess and allowing matters to go too easily. The question was were the excesses set forth in the Treasurer's statement properly incurred? If so tiie late Government could take no blame for for baying incurred them. When the Treasurer came to the taxation question he told the House we had 578,000,000 acres cf land, that only 12,000,000 had been sold, and that 506,000,000 acres still belonged to the public ; and he said there was to be taxation that would realise £200,000 a year, but how much from in come and how much from land no one knew at the present time. (The Treasurer—"We will tell you at ' the proper time.") Oh! the future was to bring forth wonderful things from the Treasurer. (Hear, hear.) It was nonsense to call the -Government proposal a { land tax; it was a property tax. It was not the actual owner of the land who had to pay, but it j was the person who got the lease that had to pay his share. It was fl property tax, *nd he did ' not mind it if the Government called it by its proper name. It was a property tax on tfae scheme intro duced in New Zealand, and borrowed originally from America. The more it was thought of the more people wonld agree with the idea that property must pay according to its value, and that the land should not be saddled with a tax in the way suggested by some persons. (Hear, hear.) In a land tax one would tfaink that the owner who was interested in the unearned increment would pay; but, no, it was said that he could charge to tfae tenant if tbe tenant had any interest in the land. If that were so it was a property tax, because if it were a land tax pure and simple vie absolute owner of the land should pay the tax. Whatever the tax might be he trusted the House would insist that whatever exemptions were allowed in regard to other property should be allowed in respect to land. (Hear, hear.) The reason for having exemptions at all was that some men were not able to pay the tax, but the man with £500, whether in land or bank shares, was equally able to pay the tax, and if an exemption were made in one case it | I should be made in the other. (Hear, hear.) The object was to get at the propertied classes, hut the scheme of the Government would let them off pretty | easily. Tfae Treasurer said the man was not to pay any income tax with regard to income derived from the land except beyond 5 per cent, of tfae actual value of tfae land. If the idea was to jr. tat people like the South Australian Company, nothing would be got from them, because no land in the city that was let on long leases brought in more than 5 per cent, on the actual vakic of the land. Of course tfae Treasurer would soe that the value ot tfae tenant's lease was occasioned by tiie improvements made on it, and it was hard to assess tfae interest of tfae tenant on the land pure and simple without taking Into considera tion tiie Improvements on it. He would in tfae first place endeavor to get a better form of taxation than tfaat propoeed by the Treasurer; but falling that he would go witfa him, bad as his scheme was, in tfae hope of amending it next year, because the present session ought not to be allowed to close until some scheme was passed for tfae taxation of property—some scheme better than that proposed by the Treasurer— to make the revenue and expenditure balanoe better than at tfae present time. It tfae Treasurer's scheme were passed the country would be little or no better off at the end ot tfae year than at the present time, and there oould be no question tfaat tfae Treasurer made a great mistake in not endeavoring to seek out tbe causes of tfae depression at the present time, and doing something to bring about a remedy. Taxation, as proposed by tfae Government at any rate, would nyj rgrocdjf |h?m. In nutjers tf finance countries like individuals could learn from other people, and he bad been astonished to find the effect of the national policy of Canada. It was a policy estab lished in 1878. We should o--**litp-*-o-U*-etion here, and be horrified at it, but the people of Canada called it their national policy, and liked it; and the result had been not only to absolutely increase the employment offered to the people in Canada. but to increase the revenue by the aid of the Customs at the present time. It ins so re markable that he wonld read two or three extracts to the House trom the "Dominion Annual Begister for 1882:"—"On Febraary 24 Sir Leonard TOlcy made his annual fin*mw?i statement. In opening, he declared that ?at no period in the history of Oanarla has a Government met Parliament with the financial condition of the country in the' position it is to-day; at no period in the history of Ornida has its credit stood so high aa it stands to-day ; at no period in the history of Canada possibly nu the country, generally speaking, as prosperous, or more prosperous, than it is to-day,' and proposed to- establish 'that tint prosperity is in a great measure dependent upon the policy of the Government adopted by Par liament.' The position of the Government when tbey introduced the national policy was a difficult one, and there had been a great deal of speculation as to its effect. It was questioned'whether, if it proved to be a protective policy, we would obtain sufficient re venue ; and if, on tfae contrary, it proved to be a revenue tariff, whether it would give the protection * to the industries of the countzy which was demanded by tiie people.' In 1880 the opinions which had been entertained by the Government in 1879 'were being confirmed by the experience of nine months *-* in 1881 'evidence had accumulated to show that our position was a correct one; and to- day we stand in an impreg nable position with respect to the results -of the tariff both for protection and revenue expenses.' Last year there had been an apparent dedcit of 1,500,000 dollars, though only a real deficit of 200,000 dollars, but now, instead of an estimated surplus of 2,000,000 dollars, there wss a surplus of 4,13i,74S dollars; as a proof of tiie revenue-pnidnQng power of the tariff. When his predecessor (Sir E. Cartwright) desired to increase the revenue by 3,000,000 dollars, he imposed burdens on the people, bnt did not supply tfaem with strength to bear them, and his tariff gave food and encouragement to the foreigner, but none to our own people. The present Government had ob tained employment and higher wages for the people, who were thus able to buy more tbaa formerly, aad they had thus not only protected the industries of the country, but had at the same time in*n^***wi the revenue. The increased purchasingpower wasshownin the increased amount paid in dutiesor luxuries. . . . He submitted a statement showing that from March, 1879, to -.October, 1881, ninety-five new factories em ploying 7,025 hands had been established in Canada, and that the rate of wages paid had largely increased. He then cited statistics to show that tiie effect of the national policy had not been to increase the cost of thei manufactured goods to the consumer; while tfae farmer reoeived better prices for his products, and the artisan and the laborer were paid higher wages, the factories and tiie population had increased, the carrying trade had been enormously benefited; and this policy, supplemented by the rapid construction of the Canadian Pacific Bailway, 'had placed as in the enviable position we now occupy—tiie but position of any people on the face of tiie <**.?-** our pablic debt will be decreased, our annnal interest will be reduced, and we shall occupy tbe proud position of being able to offer to the industrious and honest men, who cannot find work in the lands, a country girdled with railway*, and a canal system the best in the worid; with institutions that will protect their lives, tbeir properties, and their rights, and that will afford a refuge for the oppressed (ir there be any) in any part of the world."- (The Commissioner of Public Works—"Too good to he true."} lt was true enough ;there was nodoubt about that Sir Charles Tupper, who was High Commis sioner for Canada in London, speaking on the budget speech, said—" Even if in England the policy adopual long since and now in force of free trade -was the best policy that oould be adopted for the country, it would in no way affect the issue between the parlies here, as the policy of Canadamust be greatly influenced by ttae fiscal policy of the great country to the south of us. . . The members of the Opposition at tfae time of the introduction of the new policy- had taken the ground that the depression tben would be intensified instead of decreased, and that the country was irretrievably ruined; and it was only when, right aod left, before and behind, everywhere in bet, evidence presented itself so overwhelming ot tiie progress and prosperity of the country that it could be no longer concealed, that the hon. gentleman harked back on their prophecies, and trial to discover something besides tbe national policy to which our great pro gress might be attributed. The late Finance Minister bad in threcycars accumulated a deficit of 7,500,000 dollars, while his successor, under tfae present tariff, would have in the three years, 1831. 188 i!, and 1883, a surplus not less than 11,500,000 dollars. The policy adopted in 1876 had proved successful, arid was thoroughly endorsed by the people." Another member said:—" When tiie present Ministry took office business was paralysed, the industries of the country were struggling almost hopelessly, our great north-west was looked upon by our best minds as an incubus, and people talked of abandoning it, and the people were looking forward with but a slight gleam of hope to the future of Canada. Kow, on the other hand, in every town and village we find reliving trade, in every homestead we hnd reviving happiness. In regard to tbe north-west, instead of its being looked upon as an incubus, we find our best men are goin£ there. In regard to the Pacific Bailway we shall be able without spending a copper, as repre sented by the annual obligation by way of interest, to pay every dollar we have undertaken." This progress showed that at the time when Canada initiated this policy they were in a similar state to that we were in now. (Ur. Grainger—"Hear, hear.") He admitted that for the present session it was better for hon. members to direct their attention to getting something in the shape of direct taxation, and he asked them to consider whether in the future it would not be best for us to prepare ourselves for a policy similar to that in operation in Canada (Ur. Grainger—" Hear, hear.") He regretted exoecdinglv that the late Treasurer (Mr. Glyde) was not in the House at the present time, in order that he might defend himself against the charges that had beeu made, more particularly against hun, of misrepresent ing tbe finances. He believed, however, that he had shown conclusively to any unbiassed person that be had not done so —that whit he said was probably correct, and that at the time be spoke in February the deficiency did not exceed the amount he named, £25,000. (Hear, hear.) He would be quite willing to assist the Government iv passing their Estimates and in formulating a scheme of taxation; and be did.xnist thntjbey would give the House the fullest information with' respect to the finances of the colony. They had not done so up to the present time as far as the expenditure was con cerned, and although he gave them credit instead of blaming tfaem for cutting down tfae Estimates of the various departments, he believed that after all they would have to be exceeded to cover the Government expenditure. It was no part of any Ministry to say tbat they had been told certain things by the heads of tbe departments; they must do what they could justify- to Parliament, and it was better to have moderate excesses than large unexpended balances. The late Government had a desire, and the members of the House were also desirous, lhat the Estimates should be kept down as far as possible, and it was tiie bounden duty of the late Go vernment, as far as they honestly could, to restrict ihe Estimates in the various departments to prevent unnecessary expenditure. As regarded the Destitute Asylum, the hospitals, and matters of that kind, it was impossible tor any Ministry, with justice, to attempt to say an expenditure should not be in curred; and when an expenditure had been made and other provision was necessary, it was the duty of the Government, even at the risk of displeasing tfae House afterwards, to incur all expenditure that might be necessary, doing what they believed to be right, and believing as he did that thej were able to justify every single sixpence that had been spent. (Cheers.) Mr. HENNING sympathised with the Treasurer in having to announce such a large deficiency to the House, but he could not agree witfa him as to the amount of revenue he was likdy to receive. The position of affairs of the colony was most serious, and every hon. member should assist tiie Treasurer to weather tbe storm. Tne Treasurer had said that tha causes of the existing deficiency were the lavish aud extravagant expenditure of the late Government and the series of bad seasons that had over taken tfae colony. With regard to the former statement he had nothing whatever to do — the late Treasurer was sufficiently able to con tradict any such charge. But as to the bad seasons, the Treasurer should have gone further and should have stated that the low averages for the last few years had been owiug to our mistaken land policy. A large quantity of land utterly unfit for farming purposes on account of the smallness of the rainfall had been thrown open for selection, and the selectors had been com]>clled to cultivate land from which they could positively get no returns. The throwing open of this land of course necessitated a large expenditure of public money that had to be taken either out of the revenue or borrowed at heavy expense. The expenditure of pnblic money* in new districts caused a fictitious prosperity to exist for a time, extended credit was given to a lot of. people unable to meet their engagements, and as a matter of tact the collapse had now come, and we found ourselves in our present condition. Then the wheat averages were not likely to be larger in the future while selectors were trying to grow wheat where nature had forbidden it to bt grown. When he had some years ago pointed out what the land legisla tion then being passed would lead to he had been called a pessimist and a croaker, but he now had tiie melancholy satisfaction of knowing that what he then said was absolutely true. He did not feel any pleasure in disputing some of the -figures stated by the Treasurer, but he felt it was better to at once arrive at tiie position we vere likely to be in than to gloss things over. He would therefore say most unhesitatingly that unless something altogether unforeseen turned up the Treasurer's estimate of the revenue wouM not be realised. What was there in the present cirenmstances of the colony to warrant the Treasurer in putting down over £500,000 more than was actually "realised in the last twelve months 1 He ventured to say the Treasurer was utterly unable to answer that question. But supposing the amount put down by the Treasurer was likely to lie received, what woukl'be tho result V On the SOth of June, 18S5, ten months hence the Treasurer expected to have a deficit of £S&a;,SSI. To that he would add for cither Supplemental?'Estinlate-S <"" excesses on rotes the low sum of £4.*>,000, and that would make a total deficiency on June 30 ol £638,251. In order to meet that the Treasurer propoeed taxation trom which he expected to realise £100,000 during tiie next twelve months. That deducted from £838,251 would leave a deficiency of £538,251, or over £100,003 more than the deficiency at present existing. To increase the deficiency was a yen* novel way of strengthening the finances of tfae colons-. To actually increase the deficiency at the end of twelve months by £100,000 was a most ?ttm?*ng way of endeavoring toplace the finances of tfae oolony on a sound basis. That wotdd be tiie result supposing tfaat the estimate ot the Treasurer was realised, but if it were not realised what then would be tfae result? He had taken a great dea] of titrable to ascertain the opinions of peTBOM capable of judging, and he was convinced that tiie estimated revenue from Customs -would not be realised. last year the ammmt actually teceived from tfae Customs was £555,000. The Trea surer's estimate for the next year was £620,000, or |an increase of £05,000. What grounds has tfae Treasurer for expecting tins large in crease? (Che Treasurer—"l gave yoa three.") No; the Treasurer had promised to give them but the only one he had referred to was tfae likelihood of our having a prosperous year. What ground had the Treasurer at this time for expressing such a belief? If he had enquired he would have learnt that the rainfall to this date was 0 inches less than it had been up to a similar period last year. (Mr. Hows—"That ?Joes not apply to the whole colony but to the sur roundings.") He believed it applied to the whole of the countrv-. (Mr. Howe—" No." La.it year with a raiulall far in excess of the ordinary- "rainfall the average wheat yiald was only 7 l>n?heli 65 lbs. Tbis year, and at a most critical season, the rainfall was ti inches less, aad what were thc\ to expect? ?as it likely that they would have such an average v'heat \ield? Seeing the amount of depression there liad i*,en when the aver**.-*-' was 7 bushels.-*5 lbs., t ould the** exj-ves to realise an * thills like the Trea surer's estimated ivvenue from Customs with a re duced revenue lr Kven an average of over 7 bushels to tl:e acre meant ruination to hundreds of people in all |iarte* of the colony, because it was the good country where there was a drst-class rainfall that brought up theatera^e, while in numerous districts the re turns were next to nothing. Unless, as he hoped we should, ue got a fair rainfall within the nen three ?*.*. k=. the harvest wonld be a failure as compared villi that of last year. Even it we got the same a* as last year our selector*, would not be able to ?]vud mcuey exceptm**; upon the necessaries of life. I: uigi a lo bushel average, and the price of wheat at . * jtr bushel, the loatfes which had been sustained by ?ii-uei-ejit classes of people were such that it would be mij-os- sible for them to be extravagant in the matter et livua; expenses, and with the greatest prosperity it v. i/Uid take Wen: -sonic three or rour years, because tiny ciiiai put thennrlvea in the position they h.. iv uierli occupied. The Treasurer must have know t7.il he Uic*eu to make enquirius, that many hnndreds ot ihoua^nds of pounds had been lost during the last uw months by importers ami trades ou-iiii** to tbe in -?oliuxies and aaeignnicntg that had taken place. Ii consc^ueuce oi this, credit bad been stopped in all ?iirteti.;*; ii, and trait-actions were necessarily restrict--d to the |/Uruhast: and tale of the bare necessaries o: I::*.. 'ihe Treasurer had said that stocks were low. Ti.it ttattiucut waa not correct. (The Treasurer -'"It is quite correct.") Unquestionably stocks ?trt larger than tliey were, but at the present Ui*iLtjjC-ar&s;^hou-**eswet-eover-dowingi\ithmerchandise. CTiie I:?aMirer—'r*o.') Uc would stake his rcputi t-oi; a-*-*aiust that of the Treasurer's on this point, as li*.* had uLen the trouble to verify the correctness oi ? l.c stat^uient he had made. Instead of the mar-chants a:ul i-ni-orters telegraphing home for orders, messages v. ere U iu~ sent actually countermanding orders, and ii**>tead ot the goods being absorbed here, a large fiuiubcr of poods were being sent to Victoria to be disposed of. Was it right to expect an increase of KxJ.OuO in the Customs revenue when trade was thus n-atrii-ted and all but paralysed. He contended that (lie Treasurer had over- estimated the receipts [rom customs by £60,000. There was also an estimated increase in the items "rents from Oown Lands," of JCi7,OOO, in wfaich was included the sum ot *1*?,000 expected to be received rrom land to be leased in the South East. He would place tbat item at £1,200, and if the Treasurer and he lived another twelve months they would see that his estimate was much nearer tbe mark. Some of tbe drained lands unquestionably might be leased, but he believed that not one single block cf second-class or inferior land would be taken up onder tbe provi sions of the Bill lately passed by the House. The v l*ole item was over estimated by £10.000 or 412,000. Tbe receipts last year from reimbursements in aid were *.7,U00, and this year they were estimated at £23,000, or an increase of £10,000. He utterly tailed to see that the Treasurer had given any reason for expecting such an increase. last year the re venue irom railways and tramways was £562,633 and the etttimnttrl revenue this year was £605,000, or aa increase of £43,000, and the reason for the increase was tfaat there woald be an extension of oar railway system during the year. He altogether differed from Uie Treasurer on that point. Tne only lines being constructed at the present time were the intercolonial line and that extending northwards from Hergott Springs. Even supposing the intercolonial raUway ? ere completed during the year, he failed to see how -i-.v appreciable revenue coold be derived from it, uniea* provision were made for an outer harbor. There conld be no large traffic on the line unless proper accommodation were made in the shape of an uutvr harbor. Aato the extension of the line from HergottSpriags he contended that until the line reached Alice Springs, SOO mUes northward, the railway re venue would be decreased. He foand that after paying working expenses the railway from Port Augusta to Her fc-ott Springs was returning 1} per cent, on the outlay. Taking everything into consideration that was a bur result, bnt until ttey readied Alice Springs, -which It wculd take then io yean to accomplish, the line would not pay wuklEg expenses on account of the desert character of the country to be traversed beyond Her titnt Springs. Unless, therefore, some unforeseen cv cuuatances arise the revenue from railways would lie found to be over-estimated by £100,000. At all dents, his estimate would be nearer the mark than that ot the Treasurer. Mr. UOODT here called attention to tbe state of the House. A quorum, however, being present, Mr. UESNDiU resumed his remarks. If his esti mates were correct what would be tiie position of the eolom on June 30, 1865. The deficiency would then 1-c ?.75:,&l; instead of £436,000 as now, and £583,0*? ?j* the T--usurer <-stimat?l it would be on tiie date ii'entioned. Adding to the Treasurer's figures the ?-Liu of a44,obu for excesses and Supplementary Bsti ii^us, and £100,000 tor over-estimated revenue, the ..mount was brought up to £737,251, or nearly three ?quarters oi a million. Taking into account the .xxunt o! a.100,000 proposed to be raised by extra :~xatioi2, the total deficit at the end o* ifac financial year would be £637,231. Ths was certainly a most serious state of things, and one ttat required a far more radical cure than thatpn posed by the Treasurer. (The Treasurer—" No, no, that will do it") They not only required far more taxation, but they alao needed to reduce the Eati >aat<-s to a very considerable extent. It was impos sible to pnrate members to point to certain items which should be reduced. That was the business of the Government ol the day. Private members conld only reduce the estimates ea bloc leaving the method of adjusting the nutans items to the Ministry. The Treasurer had said that they must be careful how they expended loan money, and that it most only be spent on reproductive works. He perfectly agreed witb the Treasurer on that ?point, but what did the hem. gentleman my later on in his budget speech:— " Bad, however, as the position is yet some grains of consolation and comfort may be discovered. For instance, when we examine the position ckarij* we find that £321,000 has liea^n spent ont of revenue on public works. On public works as per estimates and on the subsidies to cor porations and district councils il 71,000 has been spent out ot the revenue. On surveys £42,000; immigra ricn. £47.000; and on the redemption of bonds aASz.OOO -, or £324,000 in all. The whole of these amounts might have been fairly charged to the land rund crtotbe loan fund." After saying tbat they should lie careful to expend loan money only on reproductive works they found the TTearairer actually saying *rt*-*t f the amoante paid for surveys, immigration,'' aim aids to Corporations snd district councils might have been tjirly charged to the loan fund. What a state of things they would come to if the wishes of the Trea surer in that respect were carried out! The fact ot the matter was that we had squandered far too much of our loan money on nnreprodnctive works. (Hr. liilkr—"The land fund, too**" and the Treasurer— "Oh, no.**) Tbe interest we had now to pay on borrcwed money was 4650,000 yearly, while the in terest we were receiving in the shape of returns (rom railways only amounted to £300,000, leaving a loss yearly to be made up of £450,000. This interest was paid mainly for money borrowed for the improvement of private property, while there was a huge amount of money spent out of the revenue tor the improvement of the property ol rich persons. It was this wasteful expenditure of loan money —an expenditure which had brought in nothing whatever to the coffers of the State—that bad crippled the country, and unless this were remedied in the future we "should be prevented from constructing public works. The Treasurer's mode of getting out of the difficulty was most amusing, and was set forth by him in the following entertaining manner:—"We want to get at the wealthy classes. I believe they are willing to contribute their fair share to the taxation ; at any rate, all I bave conversed with in private hate expressed tbeir willingness to bear their tair -share—(laughter)—il we can only show them how it can fairly be arranged—(loud laughter)—and I think I caa show them how it can fairly be done. (Hear, hear.) It is time they were got at in some way, for more than any other class they have reaped to the fuU the advantage of oar national growth. Bow is it to be done? lam driven to the land. The land has always beea the great tax payer. Even in South Australia, too, the land must become—cot alone necessarily—the great taxpayer. We think it necessary therefore to go in for a land tax. It must be a pleasure to anyone to put right an acknowledged evil, and it will be a pleasure to tue to rectify a wrong which is being done to the working classes. Kow as to tbe scope of the resolu tions wbich we propose to introduce. The first will be the land tax pure and ample of a halfpenny in tfae pound, and without any exemption. (Cheer.) And there will be an income tax of 3d. in the pound, and there will be exemptions of £300 in each case.** They were to get at the wealthy classes whose pro perty bad been improved by the expenditure of thousands and millions ol pounds ot State money by a land tax pure and ?*"*-"pl*** of one halfpenny in the pound, while tbe agent, auctioneer, or farmer who derived £500 a year trom hia busineas would, after the deduction of £300, pay threepence in the pound on the balance. Yet a man's income might be stopped at any moment by ejdnwss or death, while the rich man's land, which was constantly benefited by State expenditure, aod cpuld pass down to his chUdi-en, was to be let 00 with a Max of ooe halfpenny in tfae rptt-A, Instead of tfae Treasurer getting at t£e landholder be himself had evidently been got at, and be (Mr. Henning) ventured to aay that the coimnittfff wotdd not manMiro, guy each dispcopo-rtiooate tavition as that wfaich had been proposed. To levy a tax of one halfpenny on tbe capital rains ef land would be to make tfae landholder contribute 10a. to tfae State, and to give him in return fully 40a. in the expenditure of money belonging to tfae whole commnnity. He had shown an a recent funiimi the amount of money spent by tbe State for the improvement of private property, and yet the artisan, mechanic*, or farmer who contributed to this expenditure were to be taxed at the rate of threepence in tbe pound on incomes that died with them. He waa certain tfaat t*he Treasurer had never considered the effect of bis propositions. If be had done so, and done it deliberately, he iwas trying to throw dust in the eyes oi tfae people. The criticism of these proposals was almost premature now, because tbere would be other opportunities of aptaiinft tally on tfae subject, and at tne proper time be would go fully into the question. With regard, however, to tfae Wftnati-s, the Trea surer should in his opinion taken them back and bring tfaem down agam in a revised form, setting out tfae amo-anta that were likely to be realised, and not imaginary sums that in the nature of things could not be oUalnfri He bad no desire to criticise either tfae H ration proposals or the Kstinntfs in any hostile spirit. He was only desirous as one ot the com munity to face the difficulties which were staring tfaem in tfae face. Even if tfaey could not reduce tfae de&aency; let tfaem at least check tbe amount, and not allow the deficit to go on increas ing year by year. One matter tfae Hon. Hr. Bray bad referred to as being of serious moment to the working Hisspii waa the fact that the estii- natwl expenditure on public works waa very moch reduced for the ooming year. He questioned, seeing the depression now existing, whether it was wise to reduce the amount to be spent on public works to any appreciable extent. Instead of decreasing tbey ought if passible to increase the sum. Having paid large amounts to bring people into the ooiooy It was naturally theirdesire to keep them here, and not to drive them to other countries. Unless work were found the people would be driven away. They knew from tbe returns that bad been published that a cooaidaable number of people had left our ahor a during the last six months. If we were able to tide over the next two or three years he had no reason t > fear tfae future of the colony. We bad p-innrd through times ot depression before, and we would weather tbe storm again. (Hear, hear.) Mr. BAGBTEB eak be did not propose to revie ?? the financial situation ao fully as had been done by other boo. members that afternoon. He would, how ever, add bis humble tribute of praise to those already given the Treasurer tm tfae sneceasfal delivery of hi ? tint budget speech. He thought the House would agree with him in expressing the hope tint however much they might at times differ with tfae present Ministry they would not bare tbe last budget speech traa the Treasurer, but would indeed near many more. The Treasurer in his speech had been concise, tartness-like, and to tbe point One Uttle matter to wtok-fa tbe Treasurer had referred was one in which he feared be would be disappointed. In tbe latter portion -A his address he aaid that if the question of taxation were fairly faced he hoped at no distant date the Treasurer would come down to the Honse with a amilihg face, willim*; to remit certain taxes or make oertrin concessions. He feared that trliatcvcr taxation the House might go iv for ther.. would be Uttle chance of any remission in the future. Ue agreed with the Treasonr that tiie difficulty should be faced, and he was glad to learn that the Ooycnuaeot, did nat intend to adopt a proteotire policy. HeihooghtaheaTfly protective policy would be aeicidal. (Hear, hear.) lie believed that but for , the oono*eaakni? mode to a oertain daas in the oolony ; two years ago it would hare been po?ible to stave off ! the necessity tor taxation a little longer. Ue ad mitted that th? granting of those concessions had saved many selectors from ruin; but it had also led to serious consequences in commercial j circles. It had caused a depreciation in the value jof real estate. However, it waa no use crying over spilt milk. The consequences of their exceeding I liberality must now be faced. When he thought of I those concessions, and of the possibility of anything iin tbe shape ot a land tax bang proposed to make up for them, he could not belp drawing some comparison between tbe selector who had been benefited and the - farmers who were the pioneers and the backbone of South Australia thirty-fire or fort]-years ago. He did not altogether agree with some of the forms of ! taxation suggested. He did not agree with the pro | pasal to impose a land tax pure and simple. He I submitted that,a stamp tax and a tax ou bank- I notes would bring in between £60,000 and £30,000; I and such a sum was not to be despised by a colon |in straitened circumstances. He thought there was i * certain degree of fairness in an income tax, becaus * !it reached a man on his clear savings; and he wa ? {--lad the exemptions up to £300 would be allowed I Hut there were certain objectionable features in con i nection with such a tax. In En*-iand it wa* ! considered a war tax; and the excuse for its ? continuance there was that England was con i tinuallv involved iv ware of some description; > and it seemed bard that a young community such las this colony was should have to submit to a" tax of > that kind, in Kngland the revenue was often de . frauded by those who should pay the tax. and that would probably be the experience in this colony, where people were not more strict in principle than elsewhere. He hoped that when the taxation resolu tions were brought down thej- would be submitted in such a form tbat the House might be able to reject those they did not approve of. it had been said that a third party in tbe House last session were the means of putting off taxation for the time being. He believed tfaat the country had not suffered by the postponement of the evil day. Uke the Treasurer, he thoroughly believed in the future of South Australia. The Treasurer had referred to the mining industry in certain quarters; but there was another district which with the advantage of water conserva tion and a railway would, he thought, turn out highly sucoessful; be referred to Waukaringa. He favored the construction oi the great transcontinental railway, which would result beneficially not only to the Northern Territory, but to the whole colony. He thought it | would lie worth while to set aside the construction of 1 all other railways at present and confine their attention to the construction of this big Une. j (An hon. member—" No.") Of course some members would differ from him; but he believed that the con struction of the transcontinental line would be the means of muting South Australia. (Hear, hear.) It could be used in bringing down meat and other produce. It was a standing disgrace that with such country as ours : meat and produce sbould be imported. (Hear, hear.) The tanners would do well to cultivate other things than cereals in order that when harvests were bad and prices low tbey might have something to fall back . on. He would do his best to assist the Government in their taxation policy so far as he could do so consoentiously; but there might be > some points in respect to which he would be j compelled to give an adverse vote, as in the case of a : land tax pure and simple. (Hear, hear.) I Hr. CATT regretted that a decrease of £400 was j shown in the line for the Government geologist's de- , partment. Only £100 was put down for travelling ; expenses and sundries. Last year the sum under this i head was £500. He felt that if the geological depart- i ment was to beau efficient onea larger sum than £100 i must be placed at the disposal of the Government ? geologist. To his knowledge arrangements had been , msde during the past few months for tbe purchase of * camels. (The Commissioner of Crown Lands—"Only j two.") It was au important matter, but of course ! if the Government bad made provision for the * requirements of the office in another way his ' objection would I>C withdrawn. Under the heading ol miscellaneous items a sum ot £4,000 was set down i for destruction of rabbits on Crown lauds for tbe i present jear. The same amount was charged last year, but it was not found to be sufficient, and a large ' excess had to be provided. He was sure that as ' much would be required this year as last. (The ' Commissioner of Crown Lands—"The Vermin Act '? provides tor that:") lf provision was made ander the ; Vermin Act his objection was disposed of. With ?. regard to the destruction of vermin the sum 6it down was *t 12,000, or £3,000 more than last year's ; item. He might explain that when the sum of £10,0<X) : was passed last year the late Government had had ? no experience of the operation of the Act. At : the beginning o! last year the districts were only lieing tormea, but a large outlay was made at th; : latter end of the financial year, and it was foun I necessary to have recourse to a large excess, amoun - ! ing to £6,546. To keep tbe amount down to that su . i the Government found it necessary in February or i March last to cancel two of the vermin districts. H s was sure it was necessary that something should bi done in those two closed districts as well ss in th: larger areas in tbe province, and ho thought tha-. £1-^,OOO would not be sufficient for the twdve months. He thought £30,000 would be wanted. He was sorrr to find that the sum of £1,900 had been struck off the Estimates for gold prospecting purpose*. last year the Government geologist was aent to report on various localities in order to advise bim (Mr. Catt) as to the desirability of putting on the large diamond drill to develop the fields. But unfor tunately the Government geologist had not been iv a position to report favorably on the subject, and it was not considered advisable to send the drill to Echunga or Barossa. Still it was important that we should know whether there was any likelihood of prac-pecting bein£ successfully carried oa in other places. (Hear, bear.) He was glad that the Govern ment had set down £40,000 for the purposes of immigration. He would have preferred the sum to bave been £100,000. (Ob!) Seeing what large sums were being expended on public works it was necessary that the House should insist on a large number of immigrants being brought out (Hear, hear.) If such a policy had been adopted in the past the present state of the colony would be much more fiouruhing. The amount oi money re ceived troll) the sale of land during tiie last five years ' was £2,940,000, whilst ou immigration only £493,0*)'J ! had been expended. At least a million should have ' been spent on immigration. The larger the number i of the producing class we introduced the more work j tber-e would be for artisans and others. With refe- j rente to the estimate of land revenue he thought the i Treasurer had overestimated the sum he was ' likely to receive. He failed to see where I the large amount the Treasurer hoped to ob tain trom completion of purchase was to come from. ' Tbe appendix showed tbat £11)5,000 had to be re- I ceived irom conditional purchase of land during the I present financial year. Last year there was due under I this head from selectors and otbers a total of over < £-300,000, of which tbe Ute Government only received I £127,000. A similar experience under existing legis- ' lation wonld, he thought, be felt this year. A sum ol j £4,000 was set down for interest on substituted resi dence selectors. He understood that all interest . under substituted residence would be counted as prin- | cipaL (The Commissionerof Crown lands—"Supposing ] they all come under the Bill.") He thought it was necessary for him to state that there was an amount of ' £1£,427 13s. Sd. received as revenue daring j the past year, of width the Estimates of last year made no mention. The explanation was that tbe late Government did not expect to receive that amount in the way referred to in the ap pendix. In the appendix last year it was stated that the Government expected to re ceive that amount as part payment of purchase money. But it was received under a different heading. With regard to taxation, he was prepared to support the Government in their endeavors to put the finances of the colony on a sounder footing, fie had long held the opinion that property did not pay its fair share to tbe revenue of the province. He could not say he was altogether pleased with the scheme enun ciated by the Treasurer, for he thought it somewhat inequitable, especially as regarded men of small means. He had worked out some figures in reference to this matter, bearing on the circumstances of indi viduals witb whom he was personally acquainted. He knew of one case where a man purchased landed property to tbe valne of £5,000. This land had been purchased by tiie original holder in the old days, and all the unearned increment went to the seller. According to the Treasurer's scheme this friend of his would bave to pay one halfpenny in the pound on the £5,000, or £10 Bs. 4d. Taking it for granted that he made 7 per cent, profit on the working of his land, he would then have to pay on 2 per cent, of this sum ot £250 at the rate of 3d. in the pound. That would be £1113s. 4d. In the meantime the man from whom the land was purchased had invested his money in shares and mortgages. He received £350 a year interest. His first £300 was exempt, so that he only paid 255. on the £50. Thus the man who had all llie advantage of the unearned increment only gave 255. to the State, while the unfortunate individual who purchased the land would pay £1113s. 4d- This was one of the many difficulties which pre sented themselves. He thought nothing was fairer than the property tax. by which a man paid on his balance-sheet, but as there seemed no chance of this being carried he would support the Government. (Hear, hear/) He was Sony to hear Mr. Bagster blame the late House for the present position of the country. The House could only be blamed on the supposition that they had tbe control of the seasons, for there was not tfae least doubt in bis mind that the present depression came from the very bad seasons through which we had passed. To his knowledge there were whole districts in the north where, had tfae late conceaaons not been granted, there would now be nothing but insolvency, both among the fanners and business men. (Hear, hear.) These districts would have been depopulated, and the result would have been to depreciate property to a far greater extent tban any action taken by tiie late Government. As far as the Kstimates were con cerned be would support tfae Government, merely pointing out where he thought reductions might be made, |orJ where expenditure hadjbeen reduced too much. The TREASURER (Hon. W. B. Bounsevell) was exceedingly obliged to all hon. members who had spoken for tbe kind things tfaey had said, and for the vet}- favorable criticism to which they had submitted the Budget speech. He had also to thank them for the promises ot support with regard to tbe Government taxation scheme, and was glad tbe amount of opposi tion expressed had been so small. He did not for a moment wish to introduce anything of a personal character into the debate, nor did he in his financial speech refer to the statements of Mr. Glyde about the excesses. He must, however, quote trom Mr. Clyde's statement on February 27 of last year, when he said— "The estimated debit balance will be £302,000. Of ] courae ot that I suppose at least half win be unexpended balances, tbat is tossy tfaat tbe Estimates have been ao much delayed in passing, about £150,000 will appear as unexpected balances, which will have to be brought forward and voted next year. But there is no conceding tbe fact that the actual cash deficit on June 30,1584, must be more than £150,000—probably a little more, in consequence of tfae various expenses wbich wOl have to be incurred." Here he (Mr. Bounsevell) interjected—" It will be nearer £300,000." Aa a matter of fact tfae statement he made that day waa correct, and Hr. Glyde was wrong in his July rgtimmtm* to the extent of £306,000, and in hia February *4h***tm £258,000. Thus the re marks of the Hon. Mr. Bray did not apply to the ntitf-nnrrt he (Mr. Bounsevell) had made, with regard to tfae challenge thrown out by the Hon. Mr. Bray with regard to tiie excesses, he would point oat that if hon. members would look at appendix 2 they would see on the flntpage four orfive large items which were altogether preventable. There was the excess oi £8,296 on tfae Government printing- offioe, which th: Government printer aud waa absolutely necessary, but which was ruthlessly cot down, and then instead of superintending the expenditure of tbe departmen and seeing the amount voted was not exceeded, thi late Government allowed the tiling to go on in the same way. The postal and telegraph services ani the hospitals were served in the same way. Tbe grants- in-aid to district councils and corporations certainly bad to be paid, but he maintained that when these Estimates were laid on the table, the Government should bave known what was required, and not bave been obliged to subsequently exceed tiie amounts by almost £18.000. Ministers, when they came down to the House, should lie prepared to teil the whole truth to the extent of their know.edge, and > that something was withheld was plainly visible to anyone who took thetroubletocxaminethesecxcesse-i. One one point the Hon. Mr. Bray seemed to hare scored—lie referred to the Northern Torritorv accounts. He believed lie had been sufficiently explicit in giving bon. members tfae exact position of this account, but tiie Hon. Mr. Bray asked why they had not taken this £16,000 trom the Northern Territory and credited it to the account with South Australia? The hon. member ought to have known tfaat tfaey had taken every shilling they pos sibly could out of tbe Northern Territory. With regard to the permanent adjustment of this matter he had given instructions to the officials, who were now engaged in preparing a true statement of accounts, which would take some months to arrange. When this was accomplished they would be able to keep a proper account between South Australia and the Nor thern Territory, by which we could sec our respective positions at a glaiioo. With regard to the aooounts of the past year toey had taken ever}- shiUing of revenue money the Territory had, and all the latter had now was a few thousands of loan money wbich they ' would not part with. (Ur. Smith—"Tbey have a lot of money owing to ns; you should insist on getting it.") How could he get it? They could not draw blood out of a stone—they must wait until the Northern Territory had the money. lie bad cal * culated the revenue from railways on the prospect oi j a 7 ior 8 bushel harvest, and if we got more than that, >' as he hoped we might, the Hon. Mr. Bray's anticipa i tions of a larjrer return might be realised. The Go | ??eminent din not Intend spending a lot of money useless snrrt-VB, because on the two main routes the* intentied to adopt flying surveys had already l*een made, and there would be no great expense ove' - trial surveys. If necessary, any further amount fo * that purpose would be charged to the loan account*, lie was pleased to receive tiie Hon. Mr Bray' 6 assu rance of support for the Government taxation scheni: | if his New Zealand one was not carried, and as ther j , was not the ghost of a chance for the latter scheiu; , he thought they might reckon on the bon. members assistance. He was personally much obliged to Mr. Grainger for his remarks and support, and also to Mr. Bagster and Mr. Catt. He believed if they worked wit ? spirit they would quickly get through the work, an * place the finances of tbe colony ou a satisfactory f oot ?ii;. He moved the first item of the Estimates. Total legislature, £15,292. Paased. Total, Civil establishments, £67,735 17s. ; increase. £5,01S 74.; decrease. £1,090 16s. lOd. lYivate Secretary, £2,245; increase, £2.1. Passed. Office of Chief Secretary, £1.540; increase, t*2o ; decrease, ?.30. Passed. Audit, £3,930 ; increase, £260. Passed. Sheriff, £1,475 ; increase, £50. Mr. KKICUAUFF wished to know the reason for this increase. The CHIEF SECRETARY (Hon. J. Colton) said he oould not give the desired explanation then, but ] would do so as soon as possible. He moved that the line be postponed. Carried. Mr. GILBERT suggested that the House should resume The House resumed, progress was rc|>ortcJ, and tbe committee obtained leave to sit again on Thurs day. LAW OF INHERITANCE AMENDMENT BILL. This Bill was introduced by the ATTOHNEV GENERAL (Hon. C. C. Kingston), and read a first j time, the second reading being fixed for Thursday. I FEDERAL COUNCIL FOR AUSTRALASIA. Adjourned debate on the motion ot the CHIEF : SECRETARY' (Hon. J. Colton) with reference to the I establishment oi a Federal Council for Australasia. The CHIEF SECRETARY (Hon. J. Colton) explained . that Mr. Homburg, who was to have resumed the j debate, was unable to do so through illness, and it I had therefore been arranged that the debate should Ibe adjourned till Thursday, when he hoped ban. j members would come prepared to finish it. On the motion of Mr. KING the dcliatc was . adjourned till Thursday. i COfiOKERS GILL. i In Committee. i Progress was reported, and the committee obtained . leave to sit again on Tuesday. i BILLS OF EXCHANGE BILL. Second reading. | The ATTORNEY-GEXERAL (Hon. C. C. Kingston). | in moring the second reading, said the BUI did not , introduce many amendments in the existing law on the subject. It might be taken as the maiden effort of the Government at the codification of all the ! common law on one subject They were, however, uot striking out any novel path, but were following lin the track of a measure already adopted by j the Imperial Parliament. Some considerable time , ago the codification of the law relating to bills of ; exchange cn-^iged the attention of the council of the '. Associated Chambers of Commerce of Great Britain, ' and under their instructions a Bill which very closely '* resembled the Act iv its present state bad been pre- Jiared. This measure was submitted to the revision of : the Institute oi Bankers, who subjected it to a very , careful scrutiny, and ait*.-r further consideration iii :bfal it was introduced into the House of Commons, .' l*ut owing to the pressure of other business it was temporarily laid aside. In ISS2 it again came beforj j the House, and was referred to a Select Committee I and after it had engaged their attention it received the sanction of the House of Commons. In the Lards. I where it was introduced by Lord Bramwcl], it was | sgain submitted to an investigation by a Select I Committee on which the law lords were largely represented. The result of these various investigation s was to confirm the opinion formed at tbe outset [ that the provisions of the Bill were most valuable. He believed the most important amendment made in I the measure during its pas*>age through tfae Imperial legislature was that which provided for the extension of its principles to Scotland. Similar legislation existed vi Victoria, and although there had not been a veiy lon*j time to show of forming an opinion as to how the' measure worked he could fairly say that both in Engjiiid and the adjoining colony the anticipations wnich were formed as to tbe bene ficial results of the Bill had proved to be well founded Hon. members would agree with hiiu that it was highly desirabje to have on our statute-book a measure iv which we could find codified aud expressed in the clear and precise language of tbis Bill the various principles, both oi statutory and common law, which regulated the rights, duties, aud lia bilities oi all parties to bills of exchange. That was the object that was -sought to be accom plished by the Bill now bclore the House. Seeing that tbere were very few amendments in the existing law, he did not propose to go through the various clauses in the Bill, but in committee he would give j any information in his power to any hon. memlier ! who might desire an explanation en any particular clause. Tbe BQI was drafted under the auspices of the late Government, and while it was before the Legislative Council an opportunity was given to those who bad a most lively interest in the welfare of the mercantile conuniinity to consider its pro visions. The associated banks particularly interested themselves in tbe matter, and communicated with the authorities in Victoria for the purpose of ascer taining bow the measure worked there; and as a result of there own oh-sen ation and of the enquiries they made, they came to the conclusion that it was most desirable that the Bill should be p-? ?*-*"?*< There were only one or two matters to which he deemed it desirable to invite the attention of Uon. members as to a certain extent introducing an alteration in the existing law. The first was aa regarded the definition of an inland bill of exchange. An inland bill of ex change in the Imperial Act was defined to be a bill to be both drawn and payable within Great Britain. It was provided in the Bill before the House that an in land bill was one which ou the face of it purported to be both drawn and pax-able within Australia, Tas mania, Victoria, or Fiji, and hon. members who had had much to do with banking transactions would probably say it was a highly desirable thing that tfae definition of an inland bill of exchange should be extended as much as possible. As *rt*-garded foreign bills of ex change, in case of dishonor or nonacceptauce, it was necessaiy tliat the bill sbould be protested, or if not protested there were various difficulties in the way of recovering on it should it be necessary to put tiie bill in suit, and therefore the Government considered it a good thing to limit the number of cases as far as they could in which a bill of exchange should be con sidered a foreign bill. So the definition of an [ inland bill of exchange practically corresponded with the definition contained in the Victorian Act, and was a littie larger from one point of view than that con t ined in the Imperial Act. Then in another part of the BQI it was provided in reference to the non-nego tiability of certain deques crossed and marked in a certain way that the transferee of these non- negotiable cheques should not be in any better position than the person from whom he saw fit to take them. These were the only matters he wished to refer to, but he would be happy to afford any further information that was asked for. Mr.GRAINGER thought that the measure was a very desirable one to pass, lt dealt with one of the matters referred to in the Federal Council Bill, and was one of those measures of an intercolonial character, which the Government were anxious to ram. He would support the BUL The Bill was read a second time. In committee. | The preamble was postponed. Clauses 1 to 3 passed. Clause 4. Inland and foreign bills. Mr. H. E. DOWNER said this clause made an im- Sortant alteration as to tbe interpretation of an inland ill, and he hoped the Attorney-General would post pone it. The ATTORNET-GENERAL (Hon. C. C. Kingston) had no objection to do so. Mr. SYMON thought the clause went too far. The incidents attached to inland bills were of a different character trom those attached to foreign bills so far as the process of recovery was concerned, and it was undesirable that the definition of inland bills should be extended to bills drawn and payable in Fiji. A bQI might be paid in the northern part of Western Australia, with the result that great complications might arise, and the bill all the while was liable to be drawn and payable in Adelaide. This was a consider able innovation on the existing law, and be was glad tfae Attorney-General had consented to postpone the riff**!-***** Postponed. Clauses 5 to 19 were passed. Clause 90. Inchoate instruments. Mr. H. E. DOWNER said this clause gave the holder of tfae bill a prima facte authority to fill in the blank, which was material Bills ot exchange were given frequently by illiterate persons and others who were extremely careless, and this clause would authorise the bolder of a bill, if that amount were omitted, to put in any amount he thought proper. Though if the amount was incorrectly stated the bOl* would only be good tor the proper amount, yet the person dishonest enough to to fill in an incorrect amount could, by paying the bill away to another person for a valuable considera tion, compel tiie person sending in the bill without the amount being stated to pay the full amount whether due or not. He thought it should rather be provided that the person receiving a bill not filled up should send it hack for the drawer to fill it up before it was considered a proper bHL lf further informa tion were not given by the Attorney-General he would move to strike the clause out. Hr. SYMON said the clause was merely an affirm ance of the existing laa*, with the difference that in the existing law there were great difficulties because of the conflicting decisions by the judges as to what was a reasonable time tor the filling up. The law was that if a man signed a cheque, leaving the amount blank, and handed it ovcrto another person, that person had authority to fill it up for any amount he pleased : and if he handed it over tor good conoderatition to a bona fide recipient, that recipient waa entitled to re cover the amount against the man drawing the cheque. That was very proper, because if a man signed cheques and left them blank it was accrediting the person receiving tfaem with any amount. The effect of these sub-sections was to reduce to absolute certainty what was a little vague in the existing law. The ATTORNEY-GENERAL (Hon. C. C. Kingston) would aak tfae hon. member not to press his objection to tbe clause. It was impossible to protect a man against his own folly, and as either the man who handed over the cheque in blank, or the one who received it must suffer, it was better tfaat tfae one who was guilty ot carelessness should be punished. Tbe clause was a copy of that in the Imperial and Victorian Acts. Mr. H. E. DOWNER said his suggestion was that a bill or cheque should be returned to the maker ot i, to be filled up. Then no wrong could he done to th person receiving it, whereas as tbe clause stood i dishonest person might fill it up for an incorrec* amount. Mr. GRAINGER pointed out tliat a bill might be given, and by an oversight on the part of both parties come particulars might not be filled in. The acceptor of the bill might be gone to Melbourne or to bis station, and when the holder presented it at the bank he might find the particulars were not filled in. There might not be tune for him to get the acceptor to fill them in, and he thought the power provid-ji in the clause was a proper one. 