CAULFIELD TRAINING NOTES. By "The Woes." Trainees have bad very little to complain of on the score of galloping ground, as Saturday's running will bear oat, tbe roller having been kept going alt the week, and I do not think riuce the course has beou laid down that it was ever iu bettor order uutil the raiu came on on Monday night. Caulfield furnished three out of the six wiunera iu Mistake, Straggler, and Mozart, while three of tbe biggest eveuta were won by local jockeys, to wit, King, Blair, and Allen. Messrs. Hickenbotbam, Keys, and Powell have left with their respective charges for he&d-qu;&rtere.; Mr. Gray will remain at Caulfield, for the present at least The following is a' rctume of the week's work Mr. Connelly has treated the steeplechaser Friendless to fast work the mornings tbe rasi has been available. He iB looking aod going well. Veritas, Angler, Orlando, Midnight, Queen Bess, Nautilus, and Novelette have been iudulged iu medium-pace work. Mr. Hickenbotbam on Wednesday and Fri day gave Capri and Le Grand go jd serviceable work, their best gallop beiug done on Wednes day, when they went in company over the Cup distance, Tissue coming home with them the last half mile, the champion winner pulling hard at tbe finish, the sou of Yatteudon being all out. Egliuton lia9 been spurtiag over half a mile, Don Quixote doing stroug work once roand. Mr. Gray has pat Gasalier, Tattler, Iron- hand, and Northern Lightjthrougb good, strong exercise on the grass, Gasburuer doiug some spurtiug over half a mile. All this lot are in capital buckle. Mr. Robinsou has been riving Cupola strong work over a mile, Merry FoneUa coming home from tbe five furlongs with him, tbe sou of King of the Ring having all the worst of it at the finish ; Vivieo, who still shows signs of lame ness, doing mild exorcise on the eiud. Mr. Campbell has had Wonga and Mozart at good useful work, the latter over a mile, and the former's tether bring about four furlongs. Mr, Keys sent Rapid a fsst znilo and a half on Thursday, with O'Brien np, but he failed to make tbe time he did on a former occasion, when be was also supposed to have bis Cup weight up. Mr. Powell has treated Echo to good work on tbe sand, the big chcsnnt striding along in good style, it is very probable be will remain in Victoria. Mr. Leek's Scaramouche and Struggler have been doing strong exercise, tbe former negotiat ing tbe big sticks with Alleu in good style. Mr. Joues two-year-olds — First Pop, and Violet— have been brushing along for five fur longs in company, taking it in turns to finish in front. M. O'Brien, on Melodious, was doing a strong five furlongs, pulling hard all the way, and finishing as if she could go tbe whole round with th. same ease. This tilly is looking aud going well. Coriolanua has been doing some half-pace work oucc round the turf, after cantering and epuriing. He is beginning to look well. Mistake has douc some useful work over three-quarters of a mile on the sand, Tbe Bo hemian being similarly treated. Tandsticker and Sir Samuel have done good useful work, including some jumping exercise. Mr. Batty gave Yately some mild exercise on Thursday morning. In tbe afternoon Hazard, with King iu the saddle, and Batty on Ontario, sailed a couple of times over the hurdles iu capital style at a good, strong pace, after which Yately was stripped, and Hutcbeus being iu the saddle, tbe touts thought to see a gallop, but it terminated in good striding work for a mile, since which he has been cauteriug, with an occasional spurt ; he is looking very gay on it. Umberto has done stroug work over three- qnarters of a mile, Deceiver beiug treated to good souud work on the 6and. Mr. Davis has giveu David and Dargo strong exercise over seven and eight furlougs, both colts going freely, Cameriue receiving good Eace work over a mile and a quarter. Ditto as been doing good work, including j umping exercise with Fergneson, but as he is a bit of a rogue, he will want & lot of it.before he can be depouded upon. Pilot, Disoount, and Defiance have beeu treated to long, medium-pace work. Mr. Long has given Tippity Witchett a couple of spurts over half a mile. Canute, Kingfisher, and Breeze doing medium work, striding borne the last furlong or so. The Goldsbrougb colt, Egbert, baa not put in an appearance daring the week. Mr. Reed's Grace Darling has pat in some good work over a mile ia company with Nor folk, who has joined Mr. Morrison's team. Bum Burra, Nuncio, aud The Ghost have been striding along for five furlongs. The Irish King filly out of Blue Gowu has boon cantering ouly. Mr. Allen has given Gilderoy medium to slow work. Mr. Haywood's Spartan has been treated to mild exercise. Mr. Howe has also been giving Poleatar and Chester suitable work. 