:.CI ICKET.' . ' "IY UPIBSt.J : TE " WOOD" CHALLENGE CUP. 'Thle Ailbions, of West Maitland lowing ton dis tute' with the Rovers,-of Singleton), having'ivitl: drawn from the Cup contests, the Singleton Club scored their first win by a forfeit. The Ironclads, of Newcastle, and the Ilovers, mot at the o sl'at Singleton on Saturday last, to play the second game for the trophy. •The 'Glads woere repreiented by their full strength, and it was the general opinion amongst cricketers here they would score an easy win. Such. hlowver, 'was not the case. The tovers batted with'such good results as to completely put their rivals out of 'it. The RIovers went in lirst, and secured 21i runs. Mather shllowed his usual good form for 39. Mackay's wicket was got for nil. The Ironclads made 113, of whilch number G. \\\Webb contributed by fine cricket .15: The Rovers' secord innings was productive of 250 runs lor seven wickets up tc tile time of drawing stumps ; Maclkay 72, Mlltler 19\. The 'Cladswisely abindoned tihe match, col seqisently the Rovers have the two first wins to their credit. The wicket, which is composed of concrete with a matting covering, played very fast,, snd puzzled the 'Clads very ullcllc. Glieuchey selured six wickets in the first innings, but the bIowling goneralla speaking wans knocked about most unmnercifully by tihe Singleton men, lwho are all at hlose on tihe wicket, and whom it in sverred cllan beat any tetns on equatl 'terms on their own (the Singleton) eround. T 'Ihe Itovers mneet fifteen of "forpethl club on Saturday next, at Singleton. isTen CLARIsCE CACLE.NSGE CUt. The Seco ld Newcastle v. Fiftees of the Grammnar Schlool.-These clubs played a match on tle ground of the Newseistle Club, whiclh was finishled on Saturday last, the formser winning. The great feature of the game was tbat Mere wetler, on belhalf of the boys, played whlt rehflly must beo termued it every sense of thle word a brilliant innings. making 102 runs without giving a ghost of a chance. hlittitg thie ball at simes cleant outsida'ot the enclosure, and scoring sixes, lives, and fours, in rapid succession; tlhus knocking tie stufling clean out of thIe ball. I have no Ihesitation in saying that as an exlhibition of elean and well timed hitting, no better exhibitiosn Isea eves beent seen on our ground ; aye, thie great Bonnor even, not excepted. MIitchell, for the Second Newcastle, batted with great judgment, care, stndl effect, and pierformed a splendid innilgs for 7o not out. I would• strongly recosmnendss the introduction of terorwethler anid itclell into the ranks of tilh Newcastle first cleven. Give tile young plsyers a cllance, say ], for it is from their rranksn we must look 'for-our future cricketers. I trust this hint will not Ie lost poan thIe selection conmmittee of the New{ceaslle Club, and thatI see onle or bothll of tile young players I htave menlioned included it the tnext first eleven team. 'iThe Newcastle Club v. Albions of West Maitland. -A one dlay's nmatchl was plalyed st West IMait latd on the ground of tlhe Albions; which, by tihe tay, under tihe fostering care of thie veteran Sant Costiek, has had quite a newf;fatce plt upon it, and certainly doesthe old cricketer credit. The Newcastle team was not lrepresented Iby its full strengthl, and tawo substitutes had to play in lieu of Sneesby' nd Crotin. One of the best contest'ed and most ex citing games it has ever been my fortune to wit ness took place. MIr. Percy \VWadd captained tile Albions, w'hile MIr. John Hall did liltke service for Nsrewastle club. Ne cLstle wou tle toss, niat elected to bat first. alIl ansd IBullzr were tlseir tirst represcntatives, and a bad coenlntocelnent was tlnado by Butler scooping the firot btll frosu Lovegrove up, and whicl was secured by Coo tick 'at ssid 'wicket. Trarey facet Httll, ansd retween thet some runs were madle until Hasll, who wass wrell settled down to Iis work, wvs i?n fortunately run out, after mu5king 6. Tracey con titued to perforln well for soue time, snd lmado a dozen lwhen Lovegrove scattered thle sticks withl a fusll pitclsed one, wlslc fracey endelavoured to pull to leg. Ilewick madle 4. ''irse lirot ive wickets fell for the meagre total of 27. Wooden tand 1'uith, Ihowever, soon altered the complexion 'of affahirs, and tiet result of their united otlorts wairs tise placing of t large siumber of rssu s ot tle Isoard. tloth batsmess playced fise erielet, and together with thIe bowling of Costlick, who was " pegging " away maiden after maiden, and I, ove grove, who was also " dead on tise spot," was a treat to wittess. Smith wvas caught in tile slipts, n od malc 4. 6 ickets for 101. Lawrenctc joined \ooole, hto, h slortly after Shitlls's retirement, matle tracks for the pavillonswith 25 to his credit. Robiusono faced Lawrece, and the rssse still casse. Moore, Ishso Isast relieved Costick, was credited with Iawrence's wicklet, cauglht by Waddy. Itswrence allowed ltne forms for his 21, and ws well set. Rlobinson muade a usefll 8. !'earce added a brace. Clly 5, Fitzgerald 6, sun dries5: total, t1.. Iovesroe wao smsostsuccessful withsthebhull snd secrerd sixwsikekt. Costick wavs unforttunate in notcapturintga mort, butt Ilis bowling wtas of first- class order. 90 balls for 10 rnns, not bad is It? Ioore got three weeks. The lcfleldils was good, and Watdd.v wa very quick behind thle sticks. The Albions sent in Ifsamnlond and Lovc grove to open their score. Tile fsrmser made 7; Ioore, of whOlo a bIig score arst8 expected, joined ].ovegrove, bsut did tnot slspottr at Itome ansd onsly masde Ii. Lovegrove showecd linst safe cricket, asll is entitled to credit for a well got 1. ]lrtulnketr tell a victim to TaeeCy for snil, whi, lo Wedetn snultered a like fle nt the hands of Smlthl. Alcorn also re. ceived llis quietus from Smith for ntil (tlhe first ball), Nalsh by some free batting put on . Otus snsade three braces stnd was thess casugllt bsy H111. Elglst swickelts dowsn for 'it runs, nstd to all appear antes I certainty for Newcastle, but tile truth of tite old adage 1 You never cssn tell," was nveor etoter exmsltlltled than to tile present ease. Waddy ant Pullesl, of whom not tmuchs was ex petted, were ill toectller, sttd the rsssto came sur Iprisilgly fstt. WVaddy played sithgreat froedos and power, and sent tlhe leathler away to tieldt for fours, varying the scores occasionally by a tiver (outtida ol' tise rtils), and bsriinsgitng down itpplsuso froms thie onlookers. lInl changed the bowling Iepeateodly but witlhout efl'et, " thIe cry mwas still they comne.' Irobinson relieved Smitlh for a few overs bt wvittout cabot, ansd Lawernnco was not moreo fsrtunatn froso T'rsuey's ettd. 'Wsddy, liniuait great excltnement, at lengthll made thle win nilg" lilt, and was inmmediately afterwards bowled by Hmithl. Waddy made Olandwas carried from the lield oin the shoulders of Home enthusinstic iladmiers. Pullou did good service in keeping his position, and tildilig a carefillly got 3i not out. U(ostclek inltde3 lld with n coulpe of sundries tileo inninug., which up to the eighth wicket promnised to firnilih mI snllill score, reaclhed 151 rluna, tile Albions tllus winning a most exci ing iand close gallle by I ruons only. Traicey and ln'.itll did tl?e minjority oirtho bowling for Nese-rtlo The former secured four wickets, the latter six mcni. Law reitcc, jim., and Itobinson a.sisted with the pltiere, and eachl bowled i feT" overis. At the conclusion of tlhe matchl tile crlokeotrs iand the public u nmsemlnled In the paviVlion to wit ness tllo presetaietinlon of a prixu it, ktidly gibtm Iby MIr. CUlrrutlters to Ihe hlii?tliest scorer in thleo Klne. Mri O. I. HIannell, at the request of Mr. Uahrrutlhrs, maide thle presentation in a few appro priate sentences, to whliclh Mr. Waddy nmadie a suitably repoly. Cheers for Mr. C(arrathcrl, MIr. Waddy, and Mr. Hanniell were called for, and lustily given. Tne Nowcastloteaim returned Ihonme lty tlme special, but.not before they had regaled themselves at dinner at Hodgson's Hotel, kmindly arranged for them by the hllollhitfulness of the energette lion. secretary of tlie club, Ir.t hG. owlkajun . . . . . 