THE CEDAR CHAMBER I It would be almost impossible to dis cover any one more entirely devoid of superstition than myself. Nevertheless, when I was 17 years old an event hap pened which cansed me to believe mine a haunted life. I was staying in Paris, at the honse of my guardian, Sir Charles C., and dressing for my hist ball — a ball at the English Embassy. My dress, a triumph of Parisian taste, had been fastened, and I stood before the glass while the maid arranged the flowers in my hair A splendid bonqnet lay beside my gloves and ten upon the toilet table. ' Ab, now mademoiselle is beautiful !' exclaimed my maid, Jnstine, in French, as she stepped back to survey her work admiringly. I blushed with pleasure. It was the first compliment that had been paid me, and my glass told me It was true. « T wonder who sent me these flowers 1' I said, taking np the bonqnet preparatory to leaving the room. ' Mademoiselle will donbtless discover her admirer among her partners to-night,' was thegirl'sTepiy. At this moment there was a "knock at the door. A telegram was banded to me. ' Mrs. Northcote is dangerously ill, and wishes to eee her stepdanghter before she dies.' Startled, dismayed, bnt beyond all mAnenaa navnil at. voaaiinnff flnall fin 1111a U1CMUIQ f QAGU av tlrtrtilV Ulg uuvu wu timely "message, I dropped the paper on the floor. ' Bring me a railway gnide — quick !' I arid to Justine. Mrs. Northcote was my stepmother, but we had never met My father had made a mesalliance ont in India by tak ing a half-caste for hie second wife, and when he died he left to his widow, for her life, the family estate of Crowsnest, to which he had only just succeeded. I found by tbe railway gnide that j£ I changed my dress with speed, there was time to catch the last train that night from Paris. By noon next day I should reach Dashahire, in which county Crows- neat ie situated. ' Justine,' I cried, excitedly, ' bring me my travelling dress. ' Yon must go with me to-night to England — ' ' Mon dial, Mademoiselle ! Would yon take off that ravishing dress that snits you to snch marvel i Wonld you give up the ball — ¥ Once more I looked at my reflection in the glass. Once more 1 took np the railway time- table to etndy its contents. At 9 o'clock next morning there was another train Meditatively I raised the bonqnet to my face. Who was it said .'The woman who hesitates is lost ¥ The sweet perfnmes of the flowers per- mnntaA mw eunflM Wllft OOTlt ? iaj uwuwvs. n - Curiosity prevailed. I would wait till the morrow, go to the ball, and eolve the mystery. Sir CharleB and Lady C — were waiting for me when I descended the stairs. I did not sayany thing about the telegram ; we entered the carriage and were driven to the Embassy The ball was brilliant in the extreme, and I completely intoxicated with the adulation I received. ' La. jolie Anglaisel' 'The new debutante,' was on everybody's lips. The night was half over before I even remembered the avowed object of my deferred departure for England — namely, to discover the sender of the flowers. ' Of what were you thinking so pro foundly, Miss Northcote' asked agentie- man in a way that made me start. The speaker was Mr. Weston. He had been introduced to me a few days before at my guardian's honse. ' I was thinking of the sender of this beautiful bonqnet aDd wondering who he is. See my name, " Nina," is spelled ont in white violets,' I answered, holding the flowers towards him. ' I hope you were thinking kindly of ffiA rfnnnr V ' Indeed I was.' ' Thank yon. Will yon always so think of him — of me ' My surprise was too great to frame an immediate reply. Besides, his manner embarrassed me. It inferred so mnch more than the mere words. I danced with him more frequently than anyone else, and fonnd a new and strange attraction in his presence. Oa returning from the ball I told my kind host and hostess of the telegram and of my deter mination to start for England on the morrow. Lady C — looked grave when she read the message. ' You might have saved a few hoars, dear,' she said. ' Only a very few. And then I should have missed the most delightful ex periences of my life !' I answered fervently. ' Bnt it was a case of life and death, my child/ she added gently. And I felt she had given me a reproof. My trnnk8 were soon packed by Jns tine, who accompanied me to England. Sir Charles C — , as my legal guardian, also insisted ongoing with me, and late on the following night we were driving through the moonless darkness of conntry roads to Crowsnest. A stately house keeper met ns in the hall. ' Miss Northcote, yon come too late,' she said, and there was more anBterity than sadness In her tone. 'My dear mistress died three honrs ago. If -yon iiau leic raru taut, uigut yuu wuuiu have been in time. My lady had a com munication she desired to make to yon.' ' "What was it 1' I asked in mnch distress ' That no one will ever know in this world,' was the answer. And I felt from that moment as though Mrs. Stevens was my enemy. Sir Charles C — remained at Crowenest nntil after the faneraL Then, in vain, he urged me to return with him to Paris. I was bent on remaining a few weeks longer in the qnaint old-teshioned honse, which, now, to all.intents and purposes, was mine. With the exception of one ueoroom in ii, a aesenpuon or Drowsaesc is hot necessary to the development of my tale, but to describe that is impera tive. This room had taken my fancy, from tile first. It was long and large" and . low ; the wall panelled with cedar wood. On the panels hang framed tapestry pictures, the work of past genera tions of Northcote. The ceiling of fcedar wood, with curiously caryed rafters, made the vralls look eveniowertiiantiiey werel A time- meltewedfoaareoflhdian carnet . covered to%ceptro of £he cedar fioor on which etood-shehed— pf toe aame wood and; .jricMy a T%ere were pn 'fuSam ; raatiheBrat the old-fashioned rich brocade with teded pink satin linings. On the side of the bay window nearest the bed was fixed a modern gas-bracket, which struck me as a strange anomaly, and the only incon gruity amid the antique surroundings. It was in this chamber my stepmother died, bnt utterly devoid of all superstitions weakness I decided to occupy it myself. "NTn Rnnnpr Via A mv Irinr! flrnardi&n; left: Crowsnest than I told Mrs. Stevens of my intention, whereonsbe looked troubled, urgiDg various reasons why I shonld not do so, none of which appeared to me of any weight. At last she said, ' It was Mrs. North cote's wish that that room shonld not be nsed. She died iD it' ' And do yon suppose I am so foolish aB to be afraid to sleep there on that account ¥ I aBked. It is not my province to suppose anything, Miss Northcote. My late mistress entertained the fancy, and if yon had seen her before she died it is my belief ehe would have given yon her reasons nerselt. as it is — ' As it is, Mrs. Stevens,' I answered, seeing that she paused irresolutely, ' I am now mistress here and have set my heart on that particular bedroom. Have it prepared, please, for I wish to occnpy It at once.' 'As yon will/ she said indifferently. Bnt as she turned away I caught a peculiar look on her face which perplexed as mnch as it annoyed me. My belong ings were promptly removed into the coveted room, my maid, Justine, occupy- ing a small dressing-room adjoining, bnt to which there was nothrongh communica tion. The first night of my taking possession of my new qnarters was close and oppressive, and I remember waking to fiod the scent of the cedar- wood slightly overpowering. About midnight I rose ; treading my way across the floor with difficulty, for the room was almost in total darkness, I opened tbe nearest The next night, before Jnstine left me, I desired her not to turn the gas quite ont Three nights later I- again awoke with a sense of langnor and oppression. £ did not want to be at the trouble of rising and opening the window, but I looked up sleepily. The gas beside the window gave out a dim light ; beyond it a faint moonbeam slanting across the room, in which lay the shadow of a pear tree that grew outside close to the house. I could trace the shadows of the branches and the leaves, and watched them as they flickered, stirred by the nightwind. Keep ing my eyes open in a half-sleepy manner, as I have said, all at once I became conscious of seeing something else beside the gaslight and the moonlight, something that seemed to be between the two. It was faint and indistinct, certainly, but none the less it bore resemblance to a female form. Tne ne&a; appeared rearing on the hand, the hair, with a ruddy gleam on it, floated backward on the shoulders. The rest of the figure was lost in darkness. I was sufficiently awake to know it was no fancy, and yet the figure was altogether so faintly defined and vague in detail that before long I fell asleep and next morning remembered it as a dream only. The succeeding night, however, I again awoke, and on opening my eyes, beheld the self-same figure. But this time it waB more clearly visible, especially the face, which, turned towards me, I saw to be that of a very beautiful woman. More over to my unspeakable horror and dismay, I discovered in it a resemblance to my stepmother, whom I had seen once, and once only, as she lay dead within her coffin. The sight was the more distressing to me inasmuch as the face wore an expression of mournful sadness combined with one of reproach. Had the spirit of my father's wife returned to earth to npbraid me for not obeying the enmmonB to her dying bed 1 A strangely combined feeling of awe and incredulity possessed me — of awe, inspired bv the apparent presence of a being from another world; of incredulity, that each a visitation could be possible. In vain I closed my eyes, pressing my hands upon them to wipe ont, as it were, the sight Whenever I opened them I saw the sweet, reproachful face, and it was not until the early summer morning dawned that it entirely disappeared and I rose from my bed sad at heart and worn in body with the weary vigil of the night Twice more the visitation came. After that for two or three weeks the visitsceased; then were once more resumed. Before I had been two months At Crows nest all my vannted courage fled ; my entire nature underwent a change. Though I spoke of what I had seen to no one, I was nevertheless, sensitively con scious that Mrs. Stevens remarked something amiss with me. I waj even more morbidly fearful that ehe had sus picions of the canse. I was convinced of this one morning when ehe said — not by any means unkindly : ' Jnstine tells me yon have not been steeping well, Miss Northcote. Indeed, I am concerned to Bee how ill yon look. Do yon not find the cedar chamber com fortable ¥ ' Perfectly comfortable — delightful i I would not change it for the world,' I re plied, evasively. ' Comfortable,' and with thathannting presence Heaven forgive me for the Bnbterfnge ! As to Jnstine, she was con tinually urging me to quit what she tAwmad < /v eiiJsTTn wrt/r1 af.rrihiltinff mr depression to the climate, to the dull life I led, to anything rather than to the true cause. But at length her persistency, added to beseeching letters from my guardian, prevailed, and I retained to Paris. There I renewed my acquaintance with Mr. Weston. It was impossible to be blind to his feeling, his intentions. Every word and look told me that he loved me, and the day came when he asked me to be his wife. To his evident surprise, and to my own inexpressible sorrow, I refused to many him. Could I join my life—a haunted life— to ..that />f a man T l/inad nnt-.ll fit TTIV S/lTll 2 Tmfl. I had no visitation from the beautiful re proachful face since I left Crowsnest . but might It not return any time, at any -hoar 1 O, why had my tether's -wife casfthis blight npon my life t Why did she haunt me Was it each a heinous crime not to have gone in time to see her die t : Suddenly I became .possessed with a strange longing to visit Crowsnest, to see again the wierd Apparition that had exercised so : subtle an influence on my. With . 1dm,. perristeat,, yraywajdness of a apoUt' child I insisted on going T® CrowsnCst; I insisted/also, that no -one i bnt Jnstine should accompany me. My, iiffiifltjudiriiyteltted to aayvrtehes, and I went. But not once daring my month's visit did I see the haanting face. I believed then that my persecution was ended. On my retnrn to Paris Mr. Weston renewed his offer, and I accepted him. A few months of married happiness effect ually dispersed the cloud that had over shadowed me. Mv mind — warned, weakened as it had been by giving way to morbid fancies — gained tone and vigour daily by associ ating with my husband's, which was eminently matter-of-fact and practical. It was, therefore, without the slightest foreboding that we set ont for Dasbshire to spend the snmmer months at Crows nest. George was mnch pleased with the old house ; above all the cedar chamber, which I found — withont any orderB to that effect — had been prepared for us. It was late at night when we arrived, and there was not time to alter the arrangements ; besides, there seemed no need, for I believed, as I have stated, suae L uau uueuvea my rears. Both George and I were tired by onr journey, and on retiring to rest we soon fell fast asleep. Toward morning I awoke. A stream of moonlight flooded the chamber. As of old the shadow of the near tree lay along the floor, flickering in the night wind. I watched it for awhile, then — this shadow being closely associ ated in my mind with something else — I looked toward the bay window and conld scarcely suppress a cry. There, in the old place, between the gaslight and the moonlight, appeared — the face 1 ' George,' I whispered, trembling, ' wake 1 I feel so frightened.' ' What is it, Nina i Have yoa seen a ghost ?' he inquired, lightly. ' Hueh ! Look there.' Raising himself upon his elbow he obeyed. ' Why, there is a woman in the ranm V Ka PTrkimpil in the greatest coil sternation. Then, after panting a few moments, he continued slowly and de liberately, as though reading by a bad light from a book. No 1 it is only an illusion 1 — but what an illusion ! I seem to Bee most distinctly a beautiful woman with her head turned this way, snpported by her band. Her hair — a ligfatanbnrn — hangs loose abont her shoulders. It is a handsome face, bnt sorrowful — ' Stay ! what are you abont to do ' I asked, as, rising, he made a quick move ment forward. ' To dispel the illusion, darling.' j So saying, he shook the enrtain violently. ' May all ghostly visitants be as easily dispersed !' he continued, laughing, as the figure quivered, swayed, became dis torted, then, in a moment, vanished. ' But what was it ' i win proaace it ana yon snau see. He loosed the enrtaio and it fell to the ground in the old folds and creases as it was before. There, sure enough, she was again. 'And this is what scared yon on yonr first visit here ¥ he inquired, turning to me suddenly, as though a new light broke on him. ' Yes. I thought it was the spirit of my stepmother. I imagined the like- nesB, of conrse.' Then, between laughter and tears, I made full confession of all my superstitious folly, Next morning we closely interrogated Mrs. Stevens. She expressed her belief that the cedar chamber was haunted, and that the communication her mistress had desired to make to me was to that effect. We read of strange results brought about by the juxtaposition of certain heavenly bodies. Here was an instance, unique in its way, in which a heavenly body — the moon — aided by each com monplace materials as a modern gas jet and an old, faded ailken enrtain, pro duced as perfect a specimen of a beanti ful female ghost as ever visited our world,- —TrnsUy's Magazine. 