OUR STORY TELLER. UIEDER A CLOUD, OR THIE MIIDNIGHT MURDEIR (From the Pthley and t?tearenshire Gazette, 1)O6) CHAPTER XXI. AS O?F. DOOlt SIIUTS ANOTIIER O.'F1?s 'Lawk a mercy-Abe Draper ' "Tou haven't forgot mre, then, old gall' said Draper, as he stepped past her into the kitchen, which he found oempty, though a sound like that of moaning came from an inner appartment. ' I haven't forgot any of the London set, thongh it's precious seldom I sees one o' them,' said the woman, as she closed the door and followed him. 'It gave me quite a turn to hear te oldl knock, and I knew it must be some of Tim ILaggs's coves, but you, Abe, was what 1 never once thought on., 'I'm not one of Tim Rags's coves now haven't been for the last ten years,' re spondedi Draper. I knowr. You went on the Cquare after -Lonl, now, only to think of it, and him ben there dying o' the fever !' 'Who's ben, there dying of the fever?' asked the startled Draper. 'Hush ! Nobody knowshim here, though it doesn't mlatter much now if they did, for his end isn't far offil.' ' But who is it?' asked Draper, in a tone of impatient curiosity. 'Tie RI"sper,' was tie whispered reply. * No!' ejaculated her visitor. 'It's as true as you are there. Rasper Bill is lying iu that there rootm,. You canl hear him moaning, asd if you wait a bit you'll hear him break out a-raving, for lie' done that more or less for the last three [lays.' daWhen did he come? '"More than a Ceek ago; and it's a thoouand pities for himself as well as for le th,-t he eamse near lBolthba just now. Such a half-starved creature was sure to tatch the fever: and,. true enough, he did catch it, and he'll die in a dat or two. Not as how hie is moch to lie made moan for on that account either, for his life hasn't been worth having ever since hle eale back from-t-yon know whesLre. Only it's a fearful bad business for ume, for it has frightened away and is kieeping asay every one of my ledgers, antd I ain't just riet enough to d "antitg them. But, la MIr. Draper. what briogs you to this out-of-the-way place? Yoe'll tI' catching the ferver next. Good gracious; what are yen staring in that strang'e way fcr?" . "Is lie ral ieikcll to die ?' said Draper, inn a sigularly eager tone. 'Not a doubt oi it. The fever hcas took off many a less likely one in the village. Bless yon, 1ill hasn't the ghost of a chance : he'll die in a day or tc'o assure as my mamne is Bell Curson.' 'In a day or two*?' repeated Draper, in the camlle eager tone. "In two days at the aenot--ruayhap sooner.' ' And nobody knows him ?' 'Not a soul: He has been here onee or twice before, but he always came and went under cloud of night, and neer showed himself in the village. ''G(ood-good,'ecxcaiimed Draper, his eyes shining with a strange excitement. 'You are certain no one knows hhnim; no one has seen him ?' ' Drat you, Abe, what are yon uop to now?' said the woman half angrily. 'I haven't become an idiot since I left Dead .\lan's Corner. I know what I'm talking about as well as ever I did.' SDon't funk, old lass. There is a rare luck in this if things should he exactly as you say, and if you knew all you wouldn't wontlerat my eagerness to make sure there's no mistake.' ' Al-ll- wlmt ?' demanded Mlother SCurson, becoming excited in turn. 'Can't tell you just now',' responded Draper. 'I must takea run back to the Blne ,Awaml before I can say anything more. But tie plant is so likely tlhat I an almost sre we'll go in for it. Crifty Moses what's that ?' 'It's Bill a-burating out. Oh, his yells are awful at times. Would you like a look at him Y "Yes I would,' said Draper, with prompt decision. Whereupon Mother Corson lighted tie lcap and led the way into thie iinterior appartment--a filtthy, heavy-smelling place, with a numler of ltos in it, that oearest thie door being occupied by tire delirious man, whom the fever Ield in its strong, relentless grasp. Tite vitititon of atmosphere wans so great as to cuse Draper to drac buck a.s he sas lbret to past within, li remaineds out the threshold gazing with mixed feelings on the wasted, fever-stricken form of his former associate. Had his breast been sensitive to any of the softer feelings lIe might well hare been shocked by the spectical on which his eyes rested. Wh\en last le saw Rasper Bill, ihe was a strong, active, well-made fellow, in the strenc'th and freshness of youth, bhut the lace lie now saw was that of ant old grey headed man, fearfully wan, la;ggard, and sunken, the glare of delirium in iris rolling eyes. the seal of death set on all his features. Between then anti no what a terrible change ! What an illustra tion of the truth of the Scripture words, "'The way of transgressors is hard ?" To Basper Bill a cup of punishment for his ill spent life Iald been mingled, fnll of bitterness and suffering, ant i cadh drcnk it to tihe dregs. Consciously he should drink it no more: for though lie was now crying and shouting, in the wildness of delirium, as if fiecnls ihad co0me to torture him before the time, his actual capacity of sufflering as gone. The wasted energies of his physical fame were mnecthanielly doing battle with the last foe, aid that with desperate fierceness. ]nut mentally Ite knewo nothing, and felt nothing. The entrance of the woman and Draper elicited no notice. ' There he is; you see Ite, right,' said Mrs. Curson, throwing the light full on the frenzied lmal. S5s ; you are right ;' he whispered, turn ing away and motioning to her to cono back into thie kitichen. 'Don't let anybody see him or hear about imn till I return,'- e said, with a significance which made her stare. She was about to open her lips to ask for an explanation, when Ite hastily stopped her. 'Ask no questions now; you'll know what I mean presently. But do as I say, for everytieog dtepends on thalt' 'One word, Abe-is it a plant!' she eagerly iqluired. 'Ye it's a plant, and a larger one than ever you dreamed of.' ' Tleun mum's the word. Not a soul shall see him or Iear a word about hIim from oe. ut you lao best he quick hack, for he'll go sooner than I said.' 'All thie better if hIe shoulcd,' returned Draper, as be dashted along the passage and out into the narrow dirty street ' HIere's our chance now,' be said to him self, asi in intense excitement he tore along. '"Tre very thing-nothilg could be better. Oh, ,lct this is rare ltck, and come without our seeking too.' 'ith ,mch lasto ad many a stumlle altcg the oocligbited way hIe at length gainle the imarket placi, and with speed but little abatei disappenaredl within the portal of the Blue Swan. CfAPTER XXIIL A NEAT PWLOT SCoue cFt.cf.Y AocCOFLtSI?ED. 'Garvald- Garvald!' exclaimed Draper, bursting in on Rodeley, whio waslying sound asleep on tihe sofa. His voice, being not ouder than a vehement whisper, was no t heard by his somnolent companion, and Draper, in ills impatient excitement, shook him roughly by tre shoulder. 'Garvald--Oarvald, I say; wake up, man-quick !' Rodney bounded to his feet in wild con stcrnation. ' 'hat's the matter ?' he cried, in alarmed bewilderment. l Husl ! speak low, or you'll bring the landlord into the rootm. Our chance baa comnic at last. Nothing could be better.' 'Another ehurehyard hsiusess?' ,aid Rodlney. ' No, we can dispense with that this time. Hasper Bill is dying, down at Mother Car son's. He'll be dead in an hour or two. Neobody knows him ; nobody has seen him. tot, twig tite game?' 'Rasper Bill!' ejaculated Garvald. ' His body would never pass as that of Wilton.' SW'ly not ! What's to hinder it ?' 'His age. His appearance cannot be a bit like.' 'Age!' repeated Draper, 'Bill has cualged so much that I hardly knew lim. lie leooks like a grey- haired tman of fifty or sixty. You have only to see him to believe it.' ' What did he say to you ?' ' Oh, bless you, lIe didn't know me ; he's delirious- raving like a madman.' 'But he's not dead yet; Ie may get better.' 'lie won't; he can't. Tie fever has him in a way that his weak body can't stand. Motlhe r Cur on suays hc'll be dead by to morrow morning, and I haven't a doubt about it.' ' Gad ! that's luck, indeed, if the thing can be done,' returned Rodney, growing intere?ted and excited. '" onle ! Why it's the easiest thing in the 'Alt, you don't know Mollison. We can't Sash the face this time, and he'll see it is not the lairdl.' lie twont see him at all,' replied Draper. 'Those that are dying of tihe fever are buried in an hour or two. They'll do the samne to Bill, so iMollisosn will bhase no opportunity of detecting the trick.' 'lie will. IIe'll have himi lifted, put into a lead coffin, and carry him to Elms lie.' ' Doesn't psatter. The clothes and paper will satisfy him. Iec'll never think of examiniug the body : he'll be too glad to have it sealed up for fear of infec tion.' 'Then there's Mother Carson ; we can't _blind her,' said Rodney. 'Of course we can't, and we shan't try. She niiellln't know the whole, but we'll have to tell her so much. You ain't afraid to trust her, are you? A few sovereigns will make the secret as safe with her as with Bill himself. She never betrayed a trust yet for as much as shie has had in her power.' IRodsnev was aware of this, and the know ledige rclmoved his scruples. Confused and scared by being so suddenly aroused from his uleep his active mind did not at first manifest its usual quickness; but ire was now thorou-hly awake and self- possessed, and graspels the matter with his wonted power of thought and decision. ' We'll do it,' lihe said, in a tone of fixed resolution : 'if Bill should die we'll do it.' ' Then count it settled.' said Draper; ' for I'nl certain the Rasper has but a few hours to live.' 'In that case e whae not a moment to lose.' 'Not a moment: I must go back to Mlother Cursonu at once, and take tle clothes and papers with nme.. It won't take me long to explain to her what the lay is and the patter she is to do.' 'How far will you trust her?' asked Rodney. 'No further than I can possibly help : I'll1 not bring you i at ali, anud he'l not know the purpose for whii the trick is done.' '(Good-if you can only manage that.' 'I'll manage it with a ten-pound note. Stay thougl, will it not be requisite to put some money in the pocket-beok ?' 'A capital idea,' cried Rodney ; I'll stick in a twenty-pound note. This will help to deceive Mollison, who will hardly fail to make a present of it to Mother Corson for her honesty, ha, ha! and for her kind services to the dying laird. Gad ! Abe, this idea is a stroke of genius. Here's Wilton's watey too ; that will have to go among the clothes to complete the proof.' All being arranged, Draper quietly left the inn, with a bundle under his arm, and did not return till past midnight. When the landlord expressed surprise at his com panion's long absence, Rodney affected to be annoyed at his friend's carelessness and want of consideration. 'Just like him,' he observed. 'When lie gets into a new place lie cannot rest till be has explorae it from end to end. It'sa say lie has, Mr. Sincolec. ly friend, you see, is of an extremely inquiring miad, always eager to gather information and en large tis knowledge. I must really take 1 him to task, though, for wandering about so late. Anly curious or interesting places about this village, Mr. Silmcole?' 'To be sure there is sir. The church itself is a curiosity, which lots of people come to see; and there's the squire's grounds, witl miiles o' splendid walks in Athem.' ' Ha, say no more, Mr. Simele. My friend has a perfect passion for fine old country seats and their sarroundings. I could wager any money li has gone for a ramble through the squire's park, auld not been able to find his way bhack.' 'Good gracious, sir, if you think that, hadn't we better go in search of him, exclaimed the landlord, with anxious solici tude. 'Oh, dear no. He'll find his way some how. Never knew lhim stick yet. Don't concern yourself, MIr. Simeole. He'll 1 retun soon, depend upon it. Ha! here he conimes.' And to Rodney's great relief, tihe missing man entered the room. 'Really, Draper,' exclaimed Garvaid, giving hlim a private wink, 'you should have more consideration for people's feelings than to go wasndering about in a strange place at such hours. The landlord has been ouite anxious about you, and so would I, had I not known your absurd habit. Did ou lose your way in thie squirc's park? SIr. Simcol tlls me it is very large, with walks innumerable." Draper caught the cue in a monient. 'A grand old place,'-he cried, in an enthusiaticn manner. 'Seldom saw a better. The fairest of trees, spacious avenues, scores of picturesque walks;-haven't seen the tenth part of it yet. Sorry I mve kept you up so late, though. Fact is, I did lose my way--took a wrong turn, and went ever so far astray. N'ever mind; here I am at last, and we'll have a glass of brandy al round.' The elated manner in which Dra delivered hinself of this string of Sshowed Garvald that hIe liad udo satis factory arrangerents rith Mother Carson for the prosecution of their plot. Nexst morning, Ir. Podmor, the resident re"tor ofloltlham. sat in ois parlour atine a lait breakfast, for whlieh, however, he had little appetite. The fever raging in the village had of late brought hIim an inecessant amount of hard work. and that of the saddest kind. 'hat weith visiting the sick, comforting tCt dying, burying thu dead, consolinig tihe bereaved, nod coneaotin. measures calculated to secure an- abtement of the epidemic. iris handls were full and his heart heavy. Such a lcorge had not comle upon the village during all the years of his incumbency; and though he 'as a kiind hIearted, conscientious clergymnnt, he liked case and leisure also, anld was therefore in a sore strait on rcouettof.the extra labours he had to undertake, and t the trying dutios the had to disa.hrge; He would not shrink from these so long as they were demanded of himb; but he fervently hoped, for his own sake, as well as for the sake of his parishioners, that the plague would soon be stayed. To add to his disagreeable position, he was alone, or almost alone, in the house, his wife and children having been sent to a distanuce to avoid contagion, and tihe servants followed the exampnle of their nistreso, had become panic-stricken and departed. His whole household for the present consisted of Irs. Lance, the sexton's wife, who havino had the fever once in her life, had no fear of taking it again, and willingly came to the retor's assistane in the emergency. Will ing though she was, however, she could not make up for the absence of his wife and children, cook and honsemaid, and the rector felt dreary and desolate at home, as well as overcharged with sad duty abroad. As he sat weary and listlecs, eating little, and that little without relishl, a ring came to the door bell which brought from his heart a heavy sigh. ' A new case,' he murmured. ' Merciful heaven, when is the hand of divino judge meet to be removel from us ! Who is it, 1ary?' he asked, as Mrs. Lance opened the parlour door. (To be Continued.) 