SCIENCE NOTES. The late epidemic of trichinosis to Ger-<*> many naturally caused serious apprebensions, and led to most restrictive measures being passed to prevent further spread of the disease, but then does not appear to have been auffioient warrant for the terrible dread which prevailed to eertato quarters. The epidemic was short, was confined to a com. paiatltdy small district and ran a peculiar eouraa. Between the 12th and 19th September 250 parsons wen taken ill with the disease ia the town of Emersleben, and forty-two died. From the 14th to the 19th forty-two fell ill at Deesdorf, which to adjacent to Bmemleben with the re suit that nine of them died; and after the 19th eighty persona wen attacked at the neighboring town of Kienhagen, but here tbSewasnot s> single death. How it U the habit to many parts of Germany to eat pork in anw state. It is simply chopped up very flne, and eaten upon bread to the place of batter or cooked meat. Through the exer tions of the German and French ssvana who investigated the epidemic, it was found that a butener of Ementoben had killed a hog, and after chopping op the meat aold the sjeaUi portion of it to his own town during a few days after September 12, and later a little of it was disposed of to some of the people of Deesdorf. On September 19 the remainder was mixed with fresh pork and add at Slenhagea. The disease was dearly traced to this hog, and the deduction from the circumstances was that the longer the interval between the killing of the animal and the oonraming of its flesh, the lass chance was there of the trichina) pro ducing fatal results. It was also noticed that to one or two instanws when the chopped meat was cooked, the disease did not make its appearance. It luu beta befon demonstrated that only a moderate heat to aufucient to destroy the parasite of triehinons, and it to particularly noticeable that only when pork fa eaten raw does the disease pfemtoenUr show itself. Hanee it was pointed out by M. Brouardd(whowas deputed by the Franco Government to enquin into the epidemic) ths* to countries mob aa France, when it is act ths practice to eat meat raw, restrictions on imported pork an not necessary. An interesting account of tho Faeglans and fteir manners sad customs has been pnh- Ushed by Dr. Hyades, a surgeon in the French navy and a skUled naturalist. The doctor bad no difficulty to studying the strange inhabitants of the Terradeiruego, for they rather assisted than obstructed his investigations. He aaya that nearly every day groups of one or two families came to the huts occupied by himself and members of a misskm party and took a moat lively in terest to aUtttey did, Indingtheeuelves to be photographed, messnred. or weighed. "Men and women lent themselves with complaisance to all fci^ reesarchea. n The population of the islands doss not exceed a iewtlwoaandfl, all of whom speak the same language, thtnigh it does net accord with any other known tongue. Their system of name* ration does not extend above % and to express any number above that they ose terms equivalent to "aeveral" or "ant," They do not tattoo, but they paint their faces and sometimes their hair red or white. Their only ornaments ia general an neck* laces of shells or birds* bones and strips of figured hide for bracelets, but the women have men ornaments than the men. Their dress eonatots 00014* of seel or otter suds sewn rougniy togetner and thrown over the shoulder, Tiwri ft tolnsnt fij ? fashiii tag nund the neck. Ths Faeglans an gene rally of ? gay and pleasant dh^poaWcn. "wtobiU rnati pw ?BjN??fty." They poenss do iiisliiisMinls of mode whatever. Their food wislsts nlih fly of the flesh of the whale, seal, se^btrds, and nth. The women have to dotte flsUng aadaheUfUhgetterlng, and for thMiiiuToaetheycanTfaasfatsmadToffibnu oftreeeand sinews of the alials. TheFaegiaos have no funeral rites, They bury tttebclead domtotiieirhutaataveryUttiedeptiiunder flMsoO, and afterwards dig up and bum the ▲ strange scene is depleted in one of the late numbers of Xs Jfmtmr*. It has the appearance of an immense rippling saa with evviTbiUowcapped ?tth anoVVand with a mnabsrofismatfroeky mlanda aeattmedaAout to it. Whatitne?y reitrments, however, is a sea of deads viewed from the summit of one of the Anvenne momrtatni, of which the appare?t islands anthepuks. It not on frequently happens that the plains of central France an covered with a more or less heavy mist, whilst some of the most derated plateaux an to a daw and nan atmosphere. At these times the view from the top of one of theAnvergne ranges must be exceedingly striktngand beautiful, alhrit a IHMe w<f***r Thebanks of i*^iwilt some* timss extend npwards to a distance of 4,000 feck, anditut&snetuyfrcsa; thesussmltaof sosh wMwntains as tho Pay-rtadoma and riombHtoOmrtsl that the ataange eight can Aptootofthe silslmins of metallic dost braftcd Arctic explorer. He noticed that some now. which fell in December last to the neighborhood of Stockholm, was soiled with small quantities of Black dawk. In collecting and analysing some of the dust he found UuUt contained iron, tittrr. |Thifii*iw^t and in>Tialt I*mt qnantityoC the hwtnamed balng rdativaly ginAJhLlfordeikddolddidnotmakeacom' Setovm?dltajUnaaalyals,ljatthe subject is tote folhr gone into by the Academy of Sciences a* ¥iris. Meanwhile Tissandler points out that SordenwUoUfc analysts eoa> Srmthe prenerling otiisttaHons WSL in the licrealreelanbytlMexnlC?W.widtoJnnoe by hunaattTbe Ibavlng extracted from rain water mleroscoplcslVM*lelce, '*—**I"I "g bon ami ?B avprcdabls qsantiii of nlokel. flume I ao years ago De. S.V. Olsvenger,tben ptofsssoi of cnmpararlve —n*itriT and Sfsklogy at the CUeago Uainnlty, de- BvendsTleetnn baton the unliMsltj liliib on the upright attttode of aaanktouT Tho points ho raised ia ths discourse were so startling and advanced that a atom of erittman was seised; widen resulted in the the lecturer vawting hia chair at thounl veratty. lietdy tho leeton has bean pub* Mahcdto full to the Awmritm JTaf owHaf. and fromthantthaabeon talwn and dealt with by several of the suiaiitl?ii porlodlrais of the dsar. Dr. ObiO?geT dfaamoas tho aabjeot ohisfly with the view of pointing out thatthe upright attitodeof amnfa iiotaivaataMoastoTimio every way. and, to fact, thatlt goes far to show that man fa not a-perfect animal. Amo?gat the drawbacks he ascribes to the attitude to the liirnassil UabOttfof man to contraot inqatoal hmnla, owing to the pelvU having to bear the entire weight of the abdominal visoera, instead of them teinf supported, asto quadrupeds, by the ribs and ?bong ?uselss. The dtwase fa ran in "irvfftit*"^' fwf^r* froni ii? or irom other TtimpUints arising from ths same cause. The^oetorgoes lengthily into the podtion of the valves in the Teins, pointing out what he considers anomalies and useless contrivances, and the British Journal o/ScUnc* agrees witii hiss, remarking that? if we place a ssanupon aB-foars these anomalies disifpnar. and a law to found resulating the presence or absancsot valves." The exposure of the femoral artery is also alluded to. It ii protected in quadru peds, but in man "this expoaunof so urge an artery to a fruitful cause of trouble and death." Then an various other disadvantages pointed out by the doctor, and the journal quoted adds to them by alluding to the liability to fell with serious results in the erect posture, and to the exposed position of the abdomen to in jury. The lecture has a decidedly evolu tionary tendency, and the Journal of Sdtmce ana:—"lf the facts brought forward by Dr. Ctoiesger cannot be coatroverUd, they sewn to prove that man must ban originated by gradual development from a foaivtooted being. Had he been created an erect, bipedal animal, as we find bun, his stnutun would have been not to partial,but toper feet adaptation to the ootuHtkmn of that attttode? A capital suggestion which might be adoptid here, was made lately to the Liver pool School Board. It was that duplicate specimens from tbemnwnm there should be oted in the public schools for object lesson Murpoaea. It is hardly accessary to .point how much conducive to good teaching la the natural history sciences are actual apaolaame, than purely oral inrtruetion. Apopil ooold grasp, say, the general anattwifcal charao teristics of a bird, much better if he had the tkdton to examine, than by merdy reading from a text-book even with the asdrtanee of a few drawings, and cer tain^ to elementary geology it is difficult to understand how any tuefuTinformation can be conveyed at all without a fewwasdmensi The Bducation Department would dowdTto take the matter op, at any rate with regard to the schools inTand around Adelaide, and MdonMtneaathflritiesat the^etUmaiand the Port Adelaide Museums would be glad to render them assutance. Mleroscoplsts to sjondon and Berlin an now actually taking sections of diatoms and preparing them on ordinary elides, and it to taidthat this most delicate work has been carried tosooh perfection that 174 trans verse sections have been made from one diatom. Of course only the most trained and experienced hands couldperformaucha work, but it shows the perfection to whlshssoniS tog has advanced. 0^ twhaness resulting from tike find outburst at Krakatoa on Aaguvt 27 last, that tho velocity of the ssoUcalar dWrbanee through ?m' water of the ssa was 550 nwinsper JAowtodom of JndftaHaly laweeslug tho aassluissot liliMsats to cjnsstlnnsil by the Mmv Ainf^o^whkh asks the question, ulsUMmaniafereiuargamcntjaeUnedr' It tbentcwi onto mine that It ii not, pointing cot tffrt there >re?M y dlfficalti?itob?itt over, for astte optical power to enlargedeo an tacteatedspherical aberration, difficulty of nuuripuiation, Instability, and deficiency tf *Wf-. 9 ?*? ? .mow ?* ????£ tin of the fineness of details that am attained In ? good instrument, we may recall Oat Scbiapanltt, to nto observations upon Mara and* at Milan with a lan of 0218 neto aperture, Mars being distant fourteen mlWonlceguesdiniag the opposition of 1877. conld diaanndah a round apot of 137 kUometrea wide. From Man an idand such, as Sicily oonld have been seen. The lens of Washington of 0"65 metre would abow details of one-third tho sue only." The writer goes into the aabjeot at oouriderable length, comiog to the conclusion that tlie moit useful lens is from 038 to o*4 motre in diameter. The truth of the Scriptural phrase, "la the midst of life we ate in death," li? re cdved atriking confirmation from the iyr. whieh t the "germ theory" fan thro ?ra a^a the mode in which disease is coai!na:<h*t; 1 from one person to another. Accruing toe Ltmett, M. Tignal has been trji.ig s a aa ezperimenta with the view of ascertviaia* whether the sputa of she pfatfautcal pities: j as found in the streets still contained bicilli. Hie oollactfd a certain quantity of sash spats, and submitted it to decicsatioa; be tnea meistsned it and let it dry a#un aft different times, so as to place it aa much as possible in the con dition in which it would bo found in ordinary circumstances in ? room. He discovered that the sputa thus treated contained bacilli as numerous and aa wall* formed ac if they had just been expectorated. H? Inoculated two guinea plge with tho matter, one of which died inafew days from obrttnetton to tho bowels, and ha conld not, in cottseguence, coma to any uoDOinsloo j bat the aecond animal, though it Inorusssii in weight during the fiat few weeks subsequent toithelmjeetkm, afterwards began to lose flesh y?^ died in VMTrt three aaonths. At the autopsy it ww found that in all tho organs there was a great number of tuberoules which contsiasdbsdlli. M, Vigiial concludes that apntaof phthUed patients, as found on the around in the streets or in apartments, are far from being inoffensive, alnoe aa the expeo* toration dries these minute germs are wafted en the breeze, and might be some agents af contagion to persons prtdispoee d, or in whom tho baeilU would find a favorable aoil for propagation. Mmt electricity can be made to generate light v now a commonplaea fact bat the convenion of light into elootrldfcy hae not hitherto bean aoooaipliihad. That beat is capablaof generating an electric current waa demonstrated tang amca by Mclhwi. whose beanttfnl imtrument, tho ihsrmo-dactrio pile, baa now found its way into most lecture, moms. In Melloni a pile the application of heat—oven the warm breath—to the junction of the mefa* antimony and bismuth is snffi. dent, to ? dosed circuit, to atart aneleotrlo current, the intensity of which may be measured by the galvanometer. Herr Saner, whose snnllght battery has hwin dssuibed in chemical rays of light for electric purposes, Banct'a battery cosawta of a gmm vessel eon taftateg a solution of fifteen parts of table salt and asven parts of anlphatoof copper in 106 parts of water. In thto fa ptaosoa porous call containing mercury. One electrode is made of platinum and the other of sulphide of allver, and both an connected with a gal vane* mater. Whan not to use the whole is enclosed in ? box. When to ate the platinum electrode ii immersed to the memory and the other to the salt aoluUon; the battery Is placed in toe sunlight and the galvanometer ncedb is then found to be deflected, the sulphide of silver being the negative pole, lithe eon is clouded, or any other change to the intensity Of tbellght ocean, it is indicated by the needle, ftr practical purposes this form of battery ?u1 be of little use, atoee the currant obtained to this way most necessarily ba weak, while tot nine of such at chemical as aiupHae of eilvcr would militate against thisiortiaiuar battery &* Monomie ptupom. UelsMmmcnt often saa&iby; botanism that the red clover does not bat* aeed in Nee- Zealand, owing to the absence ?f bees, has been recent^ conttadietsd by Mr. J. B, Armstrong, of the ChrMchareh BoUnfe Gardens. Mr. Armstrong shows that there an four varieties of red dover to See? Zeamndj all of whiehproduoe seeds capaMe of giirmlnsilng. One variety tajpartly self, fertile and partly self-sterile. The preduoe of those which have been grown to the colony for several ?eswfstb?tend almost invariably to become sett-fertile. Mr. Armstrong thinks than is every reason to believe that sne red dover is therefore becoming modifi?d in its structure so aa to admit of the visits of insects BOt knowntoviutitln?ogland, and that sash modification tends to render the ?Uat ?ett iertUkur, butattbeaamettmeenableiitto be improved in ?onstita?tenal vigor by occt- In an a*ti?U saimriiadin the JomrjuU ofth* AmtMropologieal ltutUnU, Mr. Hewitt gives ths following aummuy of the belief of Aus tralian natives:-" All the tribes b*Ueve that the earth is flat, and that the eky is propped up en poles. Beyond theaky is the gam tree country, the home of spirit and gooat, Bvery man has within him* jaatbo. or spirit, which can leave bis body and wander even to the gum-tree country and talk with the spirits there, orconverae with tho wandering ghosts Of other aleepen. She state of departedsouls and chair doings after leaving thVbody fill the great part of Anstrattan mythosogy. Toe dead an burieddonblsd ufethebody lying on theasae,aadthe nsoel deposit is made of the personal cflscts of. the naoaaaesV 