M" RS. FRERE'S DIAMONDS. -: ! Mr.Frere was av ery richolb gentleman 'E somiwheat parsimonious habits. His one extmavugance was a love for young women. He was an excellentexainple of the elderly, lover; he was not satisfied unless he had a pretty young wife, andl then he made love to the sex at large, bargaining only for youth and beauty. ... The first LIrs. Frere wasa lovely girl, with blue blood in her veins.. She was poor, and Mr. Frere's wealth tempted her. She brought with her as her sole dowry a splendid diamond necklace which, had been preserved as an heirloom in her family. Mr. Frere woas almost as proud of this as he was of his wife, and he, from time to time, added diamond orniments, until finally she pos. sessed one of the finest sets to be seen in any London drawing room. She altered strangely after her marriage; became devaoted to dress, amusement and excitement. But she was quiet and amiable with her husband, except that at first she frequently complained because he would not give her all she wished. But after a while she left off reproaching him. He would not give her an allowance; he liked to play the generous and uxorious husband, and give her a. dress when it took his fancy to do so. There was a dangerous light in her eyes sometimes when she submitted to him. But she did submit. ;Eventually; however; she lost patience, a?d dealt him the hardest blow, that lies wthlim ha woman's .power. She ran away with a oild 'yohog cousii 'of her obdn: whom ste had loved before her marrihge. "He was a spendthrift, and had 'mado away with his elender fortune, so Mr.'Frere had one com fort in his uneasy situation-be felt sure his foolish wifewould discover now what poverty meant. She had gone to'Paris, and' those who met her thought her looking wretchedly ill; but she always appeared verypgay and dressed magnificently. In six months she died, and left Mr. Frere free of all but her memory. The cousin went 'to America.?and did notreappear in England for many years. It seemed he was ,doing 'well abroad. Mr. Frere had disliked the idea of getting a divorce, perhaps fearinig that his bald crown and scant fringe of white hairs might raise a laugh in'court. But how that he.was so agreeably set at' liberty be immediately began to pay assiduons attentions to one pretty young lady after another. The num ber of young ladies'with' whom his name was associated did'not arise from his own'change ableness, but from their unanimous rejection of, his addresses. For poor Mrs. F5rere'e career was not forgotten. S-he had been a favorite in her time, and most of her ac qiuaintances regarded him in. the light of ar old ogre, who had driven her to her ruin and death. This was very trying to Mr. Frere, for he really doted upon youthful beauty, and he much wished to appear again in the society which he feared had been sneering at him, with another young and lovely bride upon his arm. But his case seemed really desperate. Most ladies gave'him the'cold shoulder as soon as they 'guessed at his intentions; if any allowed him to propose, it was only for the pleasure of refusing him. The poor old gentleman got quite depressed, and knew not what to do. He began to think of travelling, and enticing some innocent'young creature into wedlock who had never heard of the late Mrs. Frere and her sad end. It was September, and he was at a large country house where there were a number of delicious morsels in the shape of younog women; he could not tearhimself away from their captivations; yet he'dared not propose to any one of them, for his recent experiences had made him nervous. It was humiliating to be rejected by some girlish creature fresh from the school room, and then meet her every day; and be did not want to go away from the house, for the girls were Inot unkind to him. They teased, and pleased and flattered him. Only be noticed that he could never be with one of them alone. They always went about with him in little companies of three or four. In fact, they had determined that the old would-belady-killer shouls never get the chance to make love to any one of them. A new addition to the circle,a lndy who had been the beauty of the season just over, seemed much amused at this little ar rangement. For her part, she said, sla had no fear of Mr. Frere; he was rich enough to be an eligile partoi; but he seemed afraid to speak to her. So he was; for she was the handsomest woman he had seen for many a day, and experience had taught him that he .would:fall in love with her, and that if he proposed she would refuse him. The last day of his stay arrived, and he was very sad. In the afternoon he deserted the men, who were out shooting, and went into the morning room, where he found all the young ladies in a state of gaiety which young ladies sometimes indulge in. They had been pulling the men to pieces in their absence, and laughing at them : poor old Mr. HFere, whom any one of them might have had for a lover, had just had his turn. He was given to making passionate speeches whenever he could get the chance; and some of the girls, on comparing notes, found that he used the identical words to each. In fact, he did somewhat .lack imagination. This amused the girls immensely, and they were laughing overit when hecame in. They immediately began to tease him, and while they asked him a hundred questions all at once, he stood smiling, flattered, and per fectly happy in their midst. Confused by the presence of so-much beauty, he made a speech, which most of those who heard it re. garded as absolute nonsense. ," Ladies," he said; "I am going away to. morrow. It is dreadful to go away and leave you. , I don't think I have the courage to do it, unless one of you will consent to console ste. Which of you ladies will marry me? My wife will have the late Mrs. Frere's diamonds, and they are not to be despised." He spoke as if purely in a joke, and laughed as he said it. But his eyes looked eagerly and anxiously round the merry circle to see if any face looked thoughtful. S"I will, Mr. Frere," said the beauty; "diamonds suit me, and I adore them." The others looked in amazement, and then burst into peals of laughter.. The idea of the beauty sacriicing; herself for a set' of diamonds-she who, it was supposed might wear a, coronet, if she chose I But Lady Rose knew her own position better than any one else. She had been out several seagous, and had had no offer worth accepting, and heromother would not let her have the man she loved. A rich old man, who, as she fully ?etermined, should be her slave, and a set, of diamonds for her. very own, which were a fortune in themselves-these things were worth thinking'about. , The whole thing was :treated as a joke by every one present. But in the evening Mr. Frere 'came qgietly to Lady Rose and sat down by her . " Lady Rose,'" he said, "s i you are willing to hold to the bargain we made to-day, I will keep to may part of it." i She raised her eyes and looked coldly into his. "If you meant it,". she said, "so did I. As I said, dianonds' suit rue; and I have none." - " I will give you the late Mrs. Frere's on your:.wedding. day,".he n::swered. .'tThe jewel.case which contains them shall be opened by you for the frst time since she herself bshut it." ,., t ., : " In due time i the marriage was announced and'details were settled. .. The wedding was fied for an early date. -Lady Rose, having made her bargain, was not diffident about ftlfillio~ it.' Sbe wanted the diamonds; not only for their beauty, but because when once they were in her hands she .would be rich in herown right for the first time in her life. She was avariciotis because she was unhappy; and.she determined that if Mr. Frere proved intolerable, and wanted to be her master instead of her slave, she would, like the late MIrs. Frere, run away, hut she would not commit the fatal mistake of leaving the diamonds behind. At last the wedding-day came, and there was no doubt about one thing-Lady Rose Swas the handsomest bride of the whole year. And yet she was so pale as to look like the ghost of herself. The diamonds she wore were the envy and admiration of her friends They were msgnificent; her white neck and arms blazed withl their beauty. When lMr. Frere brought her the jewel case and the key, a sort of shudder came I upon her at the recollection of who had last opened it. She felt, for a moment, sorry for poor, frail Mrs. Frere, who hasd left all 1 behind her-her home, her reputation, and a her'diamonds, But befove long she made the discovery , wlich'chilled ter blood, and made her face . u whit a thb 0 a ght. Thq djads. . were paste! BefoBre i redllght the ronaway had had the etof' jewels exactly.iiitoted by a dexterous dweller in the Parai Iloyal, aud none but 'an expert could. have told the difference.: It was on thep lroceeds of the sale of the real .stones that, after her flight, the lady and her cousin livedlluxuiously in Paris.' Ladvy 'oee never felt sorry for the late irs. Frere again. 