OUR LONDON LETTER. HOME AND COLONIAL: .OSSIP. (rno? ? SPECIAL CORR55ESPONDENT.) S ?; Lo"no,i Dee. 21, 1888. SYOUR IMMIG0RATION POLICY. The more I iee and hear of it the more I am bound to confess it puizzles me. The other day I called at the Emigration Offices and found a ;stout,' Well built masn, ap parentlyiin conifortable circumstances,' and who seemed to me the .very type of a desirable emigrant, talking to Mr. Buckler. I ascerhained that he was one of a party of about 30 who .hadheensentoutiu Junolast, hlaving between them. capital amounting to about £30,000, and bdhng, Mr. Buckler assured me, inevery respect asi exception ally eligibloe party of emigrants. .They had gone out on the land order warrant system, the wairalts having been issued by Mr. Buckler-under the act of 1867 and in ac cordance with instructions on which he has been acting ever since his appointment, no official notification- having beeoon re ceived by him of thor rescinding of such instructions. Notwithstanding this, the gentleman who was with Mr. Buckler when 1, called, stated that the agent at Launceston, ,to: wh6m he presented his land Warraut, declined to recognise it, and asderted that the Corporation had'no power to issue it.. The result of the treat ment received appears to have been to dis gust the gentleman referired to and his party with your colony and everything in it. Iad has returned £500 the poorer to vent his disgust in Englanid, and says the remainder of the party went to New Zea land. iYour recently issued olficial guiide book says, "The Board of Immigration's agents in England are the Emigrant'and Colonists' Aid Corporation, Limited; C. DugaldBuckler,Esq.,secretary, 791 Grace chulrchstreet, E.C., to whom all applica tionis for land order warrants, as well as general infornimation about. 'the colony, shold'i! be `ade." 'The wording of the. sedtioni of tho act of '67 under which the warrants tiare issued seems to leave duly appointed agents no option of refusal where the, applicanits are fit ] and proper persons, and Mr. Buckler, declares that in the bare notification sent to hini of Mr. HTumphries's appointment therewas no intimation that his powers were intended'to be in anywaysupersdded.What ever may be the explanation there can be no doubt that the colony is suffering from theb 'Axisting condition of things, and, if similar tales are brought back to tihat which I heard, it will suffer still more seriously, both in reputationi and pocket. As I have more than once had occasion to adversely criticise the policy of your Im migration Dd?mrtment, I think it only just to refer to'one case in which I did so under a misapprehension. This was with refer-• ence td the scale of Mr. Humphries's travel-' ling ekpenses, my remarks with regard to which were made under the impression 'that his 'instructions required his time to ] be fully occupied in travelling about and lecturing. If, however, as so far as can be gathered from the contradictory character c of the instructions appears to be the case, his duties necessitate a considerable portion of histime being spent in London myro marks 'do not of course apply. " WORKING FROM WITHIN. .On the 14th December a 'meeting was held at the Mansion House with the object of-promoting a scheme for the oestablish mnnt'of a contre of education and recreation for the peoplo of the East End of London. The affect'Which' the Work of the School Board has already had in inducing efforts after decency in home and habits, in many whom custom had adapted to a sluggish toleration of their former-foul surround ings;'has.been+ sufficient to show that the motive power fnom'within maybe made a more! powerful agent than any other in reforming the worst characteristics of our London slums. The: meeting referred-to was one outcome of the appreciation of this fact,to'which appreciation Professor Huxley gave expression when he said,' " Improve them from thoeinside ;'give them: a higher sense of dignity, and they will improve their liouses of their own accord.' Nor did 'he' speak as a more theorist, for he spoke out of a practical experience of the wants of the'East'End gained while practising as a' medical man. Sir E. Currio, also speak ing from a long experience, said,; "The great -want'. in the : east of London was :. some place where people 'might go for education and recreation.' To supply this: want it was : proposed to utilise the Beaumont Trust, a sum of £12,000 left by' Mr. J..Beaunmont, a gentleman who lived in the East End. The trustees of the Trust were prepared to give £5000 out of the .£12,000 for the erection of an institu tion to include a hall for loetures, a library and reading-room and a winter garden, to be open all the year round, and to spend the balance in maintaining the institution, should sufficient help be forthcoming to en able them to carry out the scheme. That it will be forthcoming there is little doubt, and this scheme may be welcomed as a practical answer on one phase of "The bitter 'cry of. Outcast London." To the possible Objection that those for whom the advantages of the institution are intended will not. be.likely to avail themselves of them, Mr. Goschen,. M.P., was able, as Chairman of' the London Society for the Extension of University Teaching, to answer that experidndce had 'shown that. there were'audiences amongst the artizan classes in the East End .who would hang on tho lips of the most distinguished pro foesorsc; and he also testified from personal obsbrvatidn to the eiagerness With which rational formsof amusement eoere .sought when' offered' 'ts alternatives to tl1e gin palace. Other speakers, 'ineliuding the Lord Mayor, also addressq?d the nmeetiug, aid amongst thosea present were the Bishop of Bedford anid several members of Parlia. mont." The influences of education and re finement can hardly, perhaps, be expected to'reach directly the lowest classes in our slums, but they will affect them indirectly through those with whom they are brought in contact, and the promoters of this scheme may well hope for it an important share in the amelioration of'thl condition of'courts, where now it is scarcely exaggeration to sayy 'e ligiori blisslnig,.veils her seared fires, And unawares morality expires ; _ Nor public famse, noe private da-es to shlno Nor human spark is. left, nor glimpse divine. S H'. MIlNI5TEI?ALM 'fROGRAoIOI. We know now alnsost as much about this as we are, likely to before Parliament ineets. We kmow what Mr. Chamberlain. would llke,.wlhilch, although it Wolcl codt equid lltra,r+ldieal- to;. colonial eas, .is mnore stha he can.epec.tto get at present. We have been told the lion's in the path, which Lord. Hartington fears, though not, as he has been,careful to inform us, with a fear which will make him "love the good that he mAight win by fearing. to attempt,"'. and . one., ..of the ! latest Miniotorial 1i0itt'a.4up haes told us net only wlvlt : 'Sir .Olhapl?s ' Dilke 'thinks ought but what he believes will be done ' TheIs was in an address delivered to the Birmingham Junior Liberal Association on the 17th December, when the President of the Local - Government Board; drawing encouragement from the proved.capacity of th.-Hoiuse of Comenons to.wgrk? a11 night whee' neoossary, and froml tie precedents of 1870 and,'1871, dnring whiche oessions -the G?Overnpsent carried a large number of. im portant, measures against strenuous oppo sition, declared his belief in the ability of the Government to carry during the ensuing :session,.not'only measures.dealing with.the City Guilds, 'hours of. polling, and other urgent matters, but also the County Fran ohise asid London. Government; Bills, and a Local Government l q': etiisq isefl n ta *it I14 gee i~it satedwt silfil o.ie? e"aas 1Gy otshrMe ?ieirialspeo ers, t?114t the"Gsdopniqeo.i1 dail net i tecl'to play. intopte hands of Mr. Parnell.by excluding. .Irelind! from tho Reform` Bill. For 'the 'fulfilmdnt of his sanguine 'anticipations Sir C.: Dilkos oid6ntly dep'enids largely on'tlie' systeo bf devolution initiatsd east gegsin?el i?uedr wslioei the lýqqdog,,Govercnlent Bill could: 'be referio4 to a? .Grand Commnitteeoi ,and le holds that te Fraenchis. e ill 'need ;beonly' short and .t seple, measure;. He also:epoke with somen loosoot the Conserva-. tives seeing that a pohlecy of obstruction and delay is' not' a wise' party policy. 'It .will be seen, therefore, that Sir Charles was in the mood on the occasion .reforred to, to regard.evorything costeler d i i ie?it i l ele,. no doub t '? ltei i' etlo to the oisrrey hq fbols in lidesesh to aecoeplteli-'gaeat things' as Well as 1to the loyal, belief which he, in. 'comnioni with-the otlier' members of 'his' pitrty; has in his great chief Ho zno doubt, too, derived.encouragement from the pro ,.,. . . ?? .,,,. ,.' sence of Mr. Chamberlain, who was present to pat him on the back and say 'lhe was pre pared to.go with him the whole way-and abhit fdrther., It is to the sanguine energy of the younger members of the Cabinet and' the loyalty which, in spite of personal idiosyncracies,. enables the energy to be concentrated against forms of opposition which would otherwise lie paralysing, that the country largely trusts to prevent the State coach coming to. a standstill, even if two of1 its wheels be skidded. Such a speech as Sir C. Dilke's is a good push be hind. I am not sure that I ought not to say a good pull in front. There need be no fear that - there will not be plenty to prevent the antiquated but serviceable vehicle going too fast, oven with its latest improvements. Lord R. Churchill, for one,; from whom some think the Conservative party in the House of Commonos will take their tone during the ensuinu session, has been preparing to block tie way, with his gigantic bulk, and has been trying to persuade us by a curious jumble of perverted facts and spitfire vitu peratiol, delivered in Scotland, that the affairs of Ireland and Egypt are the only subjects worthy the present attention of English politicians. On the whole there is plenty of evidence that we shall got excitement, whatever else we- may obtain, from the eovents of the session. THE DECADENCE OF GIIOSTS. The Graphic has been analysing the stories wvhich have appeared in the various Christmas publications, and has discovered a great' falling off in ghost stories, the ,witchinig power of the houemr of midnight ,not having been able to stand in tholight of nineteentlh century science.:: There is, however, one ghost who haunts us with `a:terrible persistency calculated tonmake up for the shorteomings of all the rest, perhaps because he keeps clear of the donlain: ofscience, and confines himself to art.' I !allude to the ' Sculptor's Ghost,";of whom we heard so' much in the case of Bolt v. Iawes, and who we hoped had been laid six months ago, when the jury awarded the plaintiff £5000 damages. But no-he haunted the scene for forty-three days then, and we are threatened with the long drawn out horror again. On Saturday last, the 15th December, an -application was'made on behalf of the defendant, inthe Queen's Bench Division, for a now trial. The three judges who heard the applica tion were no less divided in opinion than the general publichad been. Mr.JusticeMaunisty and Mr. Justice Denman were agreed that there was no reason for a new trial on the ground of misdirection or verdict against the weight of evidence, but the latter held that Mr. Belt had made use of Ver Hey den's genuis illegitimately on -work in tended for competition, and that, as by reasonof that he did not come into Court with clean hands, the damages were ox cessive. Then Lord Chief Justice Coleridge gave an opinion which is likely to become historical. He was distinctly of opinion that tliero had boeen a serious miscarriage ofjustice,andthatthe works put forwardby Belt as his were not his own, but received their 'artistic'merit ' from other hands. The Chief Justice based his opinion on the evidence given by Sir Frederick Leighton and other artistic witnesses, and advanced the oztraordinay theory that-" A know ledge of art was like a knowledge 'of science, a. ' matter of education, and it seemed to him we might as wll disbelieve an astronomer who told us that the sun stood still and the, earth it 'was that moved, because certain people of birth in social position testified to having sooeen the,sun rise in the east and set in the wvest, as disbelieve great artists who told them that the same man did not make two works of art because persons of good social position told them they had seen that man at work on them.", This logic has been criticised almost as severely as Bolt's sculpture, but it led his Lordship to.'tho conclusion that "there had been a serious I miscarriage of justice at the trial, and the case should be submitted to another jury. Thit yas his' opinion i but if the plaintiff and the defeildant were willing to agree that the damages should be reduced to £500 he would not be indisposed, although that 'did not usodify his opinion in point of law, to-do anything on his 'part to give effect to such an arrangement." The judg inent of the Couirt was, therefore, that there should' be a new trial unless the plaintiff consented to reduce his danmages to, .500. -" :TILE PORT BRETON CABS. The charges against the Marquis de Rays and his companions, which were ex pected. to form one of the.causes celebrds of the Paris tribunals, are being disposed of with unexpected rapidity. The case against the Marquis has already been disposed of, and the Court has this week been hearing the Advocates for some of the Marquis's agents: The defence offered on their behalf is similar to that put forward for the prin cipal actor in this most tragic affair, viz., that the projectors of the enterprise nacted in perfect good faith, and made reasonable provisions for carrying out their scheme; and that the facts of the provisions running short, and of the arrangements for settle ment in New Ireland havihg been so im perfect, were dueo to the lengthened delay in the : departure of the expedition caused by the officials at the French and Spanish ports. This defence seems plai?uible, and it has to ie rmee6mberod that'during the trial a large number of subscribers to the enterprise, who cannout be suspected of laviWng covert reasons for supporting the Marquis, have declared in Court that they believo that he and his ceomnpanions acted without inteun to deceive. The evidence of facts, however, is clearly that, whethesi the Marquis was to blame ornaob, til, Anterprise wis scandalously eisnakced, and, its i not likely that? the QCoittt ii delivering jil qlent will lose sight of this salient featuro of the case. 