CABLFIKLD TRAINING NOTES. Yesterday morning was very crisp and cold till nearly eight o'clock, when tho sun shone out to the relief of those present. The course was in capital order, despite the cutting up it had re- ceived on Saturday, nnd most ot the trainers took ndvant.goof it to send thoir h'-rscs soms fast gallons. Hnr 'les had been placed on the inner side in front of tho stand, to keep tbe racing part, proper from being used, consequently the running ground was wade a few seconds longer. if tho prosdut weather lasts the course will be looking at its best on Satur day, and some necessary improvements in tho shape of enlarging tho stand near the weichltig Miriosnru arc being carried out. 1>. Robinson was tho first to make amove, giving Vivian two rounds on tho inner track. Merry Fonella, after cantering, wont 5 furlongs fast. Cupola was sent strong work, going very deter minedly : but he has been scratched for the Mel- bour-c Cup. Connolly treated Friendless to throe turns at a fair paco, the horso looking very fit. Midnight was sent over tlio jumps with M'Leod up, and the son of Paris performed creditably. Novelette was doing slow work on th; iniddlo track, iliginbotkam's charge, Lo Grind and Capri, went thico rounds on the grass at a good hat : tbo lattor'a gallop on Saturday did him no harm, and he now gets dongin bottor form. Eglinton, with O'Brien up, nnd Tissue, aftor cantering, howled along for half a mile, hut tim timo was not fast, taking a little over a minute to do the trip. Batty on Ontario did one ot the most useful gallops of tbo morning on the middle truck, going' orer a mile very strouely. This horso, if all-wed to Ftart, will have a big look in for tho Hurdles next Saturday. Yatoly was along for a milo at fast work : be looks as well as anything, and goes with great freedom. His impost tor the Cup, 7 st. 5 lb., should not stop him, but with the steadier of 12 st. 3 lb. for the Hurdles, it is wo.'t likelv he will be ua absentee for that- race. I'mherlo picked him up. and took him along, tho chestnut also goi £ well. Deceiver and Gilloroy, tho jumpers, raced two rounds on the middle track, both going well, but Deceiver cleared away from his companion at the end, and did another round alotio. How ho could got aiotiz nt tho paco with Gildcroy over tho jumps remains to be seen. Don Quixote, looking very fresh, did medium wcrk. Gray had his string striding along oo tho press, Tattler going two strong rounds, also Gasalter, looking aud going very well. Tho others did slower exercise. Leek bad Strnpgbr doing strong work on the inner track, the son of Argus Scundrtl getting over tho ground very nicoly. Keys brought out Rapid, and Scara mouch joined him at tiie back of the course, bat the Sydney horso overpowering his jockey went a mile before ho wns stopped. On bring brought back tbey got away together, hut passing the turn Rapid ran very wide, nearly coming to grief uaiongst pome horses there doing walking exercise, it would bo ns well if horses were kept off the tracks on which other animals are doing fast work. Sciramoach ftepped aftor going a mile. Mozart then joiuod issue with Rapid, and came home to the finish, tho former elightly in advance. This was tbo bcste&llop; of tbo morning, I.I mile being done by Rapid in 2 min. Iff sec., with apparently bi8 cup we;ght up, and. covering so much ground as be did, it was a corfi performance. Scaramouch afterwards was workifiS on the sand. First F-pand Violetcant r dandthbtti came aay for five furlongg. Pop reaching homo" first, but the weights appeared to bo in hi- favor. Melodious, with O'Brien up, and The Bohemian wcut a sharp spirt, tho latter going another round. Kingfisher, The Ghost, Nuncio aud Hurra Burra wore all doing moderate work. Grace Darl ing and Norfolk, after cantering, went fast for throe-qnarters of a mile, stopping just after entering tho straight; Norfolk was goi'g very Btrongly, and could not bo iu much better form. David and Dargo cantered along, going nt a medium paco on the grass. Ditto and Camerine (O'Brioti) on tho laHer were started gallopinj from the half milo post, the mare not going kindly, O'Brieu having to jog her along, Ditto went much fre?r of tho two ; tho journey taking 55 sec. Coriolanns was doing good work on tbe grass, ho being tho last to pat in an appearance. 