(Erxcket, THE AUSTRALIAN ELEVEN V. COMBINED TEAM. Sydney, February 18. [By Telegraph-J The game was resumed to-day shortly after noon in the presence of about 200 spectators. The turf, owing to the heavy rain which fell at an early honr on Sunday morning, enabled a heavy roller to make some impression on it, and many inequalities on its surface were removed, and although it could not be made perfect it was considerably improved, so far as appearances went. Moses and Evans were the first batsmen to oppose the Australian Eleven bowlers, 52 runs being wanted by the Combined Eleven to save a oneipnings defeat. Moses opened the proceedings by hitting Giffen to the on for a brace and 3 off two consecutive balls, while Evans sent the next one from the same bowler to leg for a couple more. Palmer handled the ball at the other end. When 7 runs had been added to the total Evans put his leg in front, and retired on an appeal from Giffen. 5 for 59. Lewis, the Victorian representative, then joined Moses, who at once drove Palmer straight past that bowler for a couple, the newcomer responding with a very pretty cut for 3 from Giffen, and followed that up with another cut off Palmer's next over for 4. Lewis further added to the score by hitfcin; Palmer to the on for 3 more in the same over, the wicket justifying its appearance aud I'.laying much better than on Saturdav. A fast ball from Palmer nearly sent Moses away, but the batsman' got down on i ball in time and snicked it for 4. Lewis continued to plav in excellent style, and Palmer then bowled a wide, and varied the proceedings by delivering a no-ball immediately afterwards, causing 80 to be announced. But when matters began to look A little more assuring for the combined team Moses hit a ball from Giffen right into the hands of Alexander, who was playing as a substitute for McDonnell. Moses' 14 were well put together, and his correct play inspired the hope that he and Lewis would make a long stand. G—14—80. Mart succeeded to the vacancy, and Giffen, who had secured every wicket during the second innings, and was bowling in a most puzzling fashion, sent him down a rattling over. Lewis then snicked Giffen in the slips for 4, the ball just going out of Palmer's reach. Another wide and no-ball in succession were recorded by Palmer, and it was not long before 90 were recorded. At this stage Boyle relieved Palmer at the south end, aud Marr, after liaving had a narrow shave from being bowled by Boyle, drove that bowler to the off for a single, and obtained another run off Giffen to leg in the next over. When 3 runs were wanting to save a one-innings defeat Marr was bowled by Giffen. Spoffiortli followed, and immediately saved the oneinnings defeat by hitting Giffen's last ball for 3\. The Demon at once began to indulge in lively play, scoring very freely and making 10 in a very short time. His next effort was a tall on hit from Giffen, which Bonnor could not quite reach, and 4 runs resulted. His career was, however, now terminated by A. Bannerman at mid-off catching him from Giffen for a merrily scored 14. The innings terminated shortlv before the usual hour for luncheon for a total of 113, thus leaving the Australian Eleven 18 to obtain in order to win the match. Giffen throughout bowled splendidly, taking 10 wickets for 66 runs. After luncheon the Australians sent in A e Bannerman and Giffen to obtain the necessary number of runs to win, but Giffen, perhaps too confident, was clean bowled in Spofforth's first over, the first wicket being down for 2. Scott joined Bannerman, ana between them they ran the score up to 20, Scott making the winning hit by cutting Spofforthfor a couple, and the Australian Eleven thus won the match by 9 wickets and 3 runs. The following are the scores Australian Eleven (first innings) .. .. .. 31S Combined Eleven (first innings) .. .. ... 222 COMBINED ELEVEN. Second Innings. Massie, c. McDonnell, b. Giffen .. — — 2 Garrett, c. Scott, b. Giffen -13 Jones, c. and b. Giffen ..10 Allen, c. Palmer, b. Giffen .. 0 Moses, c. Alexander, b. Giffen 14 Evans, Lb.w., b. Giffen 2 Marr, b. Giffen 5 Spofforth, c. Bannerman, b. Giffen .. .. 14 Powell, b. Giffen 3 Nunn, c. Blackhatn, b. Giffen 0 Lewis, not oat 19 Sundries .. 4 Total AUSTRALIAN ELEVEN. Second Innings. Giffen, b. Spofforth .. .. Bannerman, not out .. » Scott, not out „ „ ... Total Won by 9 wickets and 3 runs. 113 .. io .. 8 „ 20 KENSINGTON OVAL. NORWOOD V. SOOTH ADELAIDE. The above match was played on the Kensington Oval on Saturday, the 16th inst., aud resulted in a win for the Norwoods by 6 wickets. SOUTH ADELAIDES. L. Griffiths, l.b.w., b. Spooner .. .. ~ 37 W. Davis, c. and b. Spooner 5 F. Furnell, b. Spooner F. Fiveasli. b. Bleechmore .. G. M. Evan, b. Liston 20 W. Hill, b. J. E. Woods Hunt, not out .. ~ 4 Harrison, c. Liston, b. J. E. Woods .. .. 0 J. Stewart (absent) Deeley (absent) G. Fenton, c. Waite, b. J. E. Woods Sundries „ 5 Total Bowling Analysis. Balls. Buns W. Spooner .. .. 42 25 F. G. Bleechmore ... 30 20 J. E. Woods .. ..46 16 G. Liston .. ..36 15 NORWOODS. W. G. Spooner, not out ..«» .. ii Mdus. Wkts. 0 2 1 1 2 3 0 2 47 F.G. Bleechmore, b. Hill 11 J. E. Woods, st. Furnell, b. Hill F. T. Harcus, b. Hill .. W. O. Whitridge, b. Hill .. G. Liston, st. Furnell, b. Hill Sundries Total (for 5 wickets) .. . 8i Bowling Analysis. Balls. Suns. Mdns. Wkts. L. Griffiths .. 66 34 0 0 G.M-Evan .. .. 36 13 0 0 W. Bill 60 23 1 5 Hunt 12 3 0 0 HINDHABSH V. NORTH ADELAIDE.—Scores Hindmaish, 18; North Adelaide, 96—Haselgrove 24, Cornish 21, Botten 19, Turner 10. For the former, J. Chittleborough bowled 6 for 20. For the latter, Sbawyer 4 for 11, and Boys 2 for 6. NORTH ADELAIDE V. EAST TORRENS.—Played on East Torrens ground. Scores:—East Torrens, 25— H. Hales 11 not out. North Adelaide, 225 (for 7 wickets)—Ward 112, Botten 37, Shawyer 30, Hall 16 not out, Boys 12, Stow 16. Boys bowled 4 for 13, Shawyer 5 for 11. ADELAIDE YOUNG MEN V, GLENSIDES.—Scores:— Ironmaster .. 11 9 Sinking Fund .. 10 0 The Joker.. .. 11 6 The Ghost.. „ 10 0 STEEPLECHASE. Sussex .. 12 10 Fickle .. 10 6 Blackthorn .. 11 11 Jack Scandal .. 10 5 Trumpeter.. .. 11 10 .. 10 4 Songster .. .. 11 6 Moonlight.. Black Jacket .. 10 i Great Western .. 10 12 Kestrel .. .. 9 12 Governor .. .. 10 8 Katunga .. ..9 9 Chrysalis .. .. 18 8 Feamaught ..9 7 Lizette .. 10 7 Denmark .. « 9 7 Napoleon .. .. 10 6 US' ADVICE TO MOTHERS!—Are you broken la your rest by a sick child suffering with the pain of cutting teeth? Go at once to a chemist ana get a bottle of MRS. WINSLOW'S SOOTHING SYRUP. It will relieve the poor sufferer immediately. It is perfectly harmless and pleasant to taste, it produces natural, quiet sleep, by relieving the child from pain, and the little cherub awakes "as bright as a Dutton." It soothes the child, it softens this gums, allays' all pain, relieves wind; regulates the bowels, and is the best known remedy for dysentery an* diarrhoea, whether arising from teething or other causes. Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup is sold by Medicine dealers everywhere at is lid. per bottle. lltczd TR VALUABLE DISCOVERT FOR THE HAIR.—II your hair is turning grey or white, or falling off, use " The Mexican Hair Renewer," for it will positively restore in every case Qrey ot White hair to its original colour, without leaving the disagreeable •mell of most " Restorers." It makes the hair charmingly beautiful, as well as promoting the growth of the hair on bald spots, where the glands are not decayed. Ask your Chemist for "THE MEXICAN HAIR BENEWER," sold by Chemists and Perfumers everywhere at 3s. 6d. per bottle. Wholesale depot removed te 83, Famngdon- Toad, tendon. lltrzd 13? If you have any old Gold or Silver, take it to V. E. Nesbit, Bundle-street, opposite the Plough and Harrow, who will give you the highest price. 50ths4k TR HE ADVISES BIS PERSONAL FRIENDS. — Glen View, Darlinghurst, August 17, 1S83. Messrs. P. FALK & Co., Adelaide. Dear Sirs—It gives me great pleasure to say in the most unqualified manner that I have found St. Jacob's Oil the best preparation for Bheumatism, Gout, and other pains that I have ever used or known, A member of my family was suffering from a severe attack of rheumatic gout, both in the hands and feet. Ths pain was most excruciating. I suggested her using St. Jacob's Oil, and am pleased to say the resultwas of a most satisfactory character. After one or two applications the pain entirely left, an up to the present have had no return of the Usub.a. I look on St. Jacob's Oil as a universal panscvF for all kinds of aches and pains. I have advised »2any of my personal friends to pive it a trial, and ha\ t heard from them that nothing they had ever usfi did them so much good. It is without doubt the only Household Bemedy of modern times, and I shall always keep a bottle within reach.—I remain, dear Sirs, yours faithfully, J. B. DREWETT.—Mr. J. B. Drewett is the well known town buyer of Messrs. S. Hoffnung & Co., Pitt-street. 49'5izk *2T The " Conqueror" braud of Tobacco commands a larger sale than any other Tobacco in Australia. 252tlucd SI (for 3 wickets) and 78. For the former. Skinner 27 not out, F. Everett 14 not out, W. J. Bichards 19, and J. Craigie 11. For the Glensides, Impett 19, and W. Davis 14. ADELAIDE AND SUBURBAN ASSOCIATION MATCH —CAMBRIDGE V. BOWDEX TYROS. — Scores :— 100 (for 1 wicket) and 97. For the Cambridge, J. Green 47 not out, Leaney 68 not out, and Mufford bowled 4 wickets for 29 runs. For the Tyros, J. Gould 30, P. Perkins 26, and T. Davis 25. 