O ription UR Christmas Literary Supplement will this year be worthy of cordial acceptance bj our readers. It will contain twenty-eight columns of well- written and interesting tales, and five excellent illustrations. The list includes :— Big Jack: a story of common life, Our Pardaer: a gold-digger's story Ike's Sin: a story of the sea The Residency Ball: a story of the Indian Mutiny. Father Fogarty's Front Teeth: a mystery and Ghosts or no Ghosts, &c.;, &c.; This issue will be given on the 26th instant, and on the previous Tuesday (23rd iustant) we purpose publishing an original tale, Three Christmas Uses, written by a South Australian lady. PUBLIC banquet is decreed to the Hon. A J. C. Bray, our clever- ex-Premier, as a sort of certificate of character, or bill of political and social health (as BLUNT supposes) sre he leaves the colony for a trip to the mother country. This is the right thing, because it is prescribed by custom, and because every one—friend or foe—may say as many nice pleasant things as he pleases about the departing guest without being taken to task for inconsistency or sudden conversion. Those who used to call him 'little Johnny ' will now adulate the Honorable who narrowly missed perpetual social title, cheap but not gaudy 5 and those who at one time discoursed fluently of political ratting, will of course extol his political virtues and steadfastness, and no one will call them to account. For— does not every one expect this sort of thing in turn! ^ And there is the venerable Sir Heniy Ayers, who is always ready at shortest notice to stand godfather at valedictories; what could be more beautiful than the sight he affords with his intense beaming affability suiting these occasions All this is as it should be: the thiug goes right through society, as a pattern in a trousers-piece, down to the successful Mr. Scott, the machinist for chimnies As for BLUNT—he wishes the hon. gentleman well with all his heart, and bon voyage. T the time of penning this paragraph the A only candidate for Parliamentary honors in the representation of the district of Albert, in succession to the deceased Mr. Henning, is Mr. Handasyde, who was an unsuccessful competitor at last election. Now there are a good many men who aspire to political positions who are very much like 'chips in porridge: neither good nor harm.' "We are not prepared to say that Mr. Handasyde is one of this class; nor can we say that he will ever prove a political light. The odds are against this. He is a perfectly respectable and well-conducted citizen; moreover, he is interested in pastoral pursuits, and has got notions how they should be treated, and—as is quite fitting—how far the agricultural interest is to be fostered. On the subject of free-trade and protection his views are immature, and he knows it: hence he stumbles into contradictions in regard to these questions, and in a general way shows that he has small acquaintance with political principles. But Mr. Handasyde will, on the whole, despite the incompleteness of his fitout for public life, ' compare favorably ' with the majority of those who at present constitute the House of Assembly, from whom it must be confessed very little is expected beyond an attention to local wants on behalf of their constituents, and this gentleman can do that as well as any of the rest of them A pennyworth of political grease would go a long way in easing the friction of legislation in our House of Assembly ; and an ounce of political knowledge or sagacity would make the possessor a prodigy, envied by all who understood the nature and value of these qualities. ri^HE sage who presides over the enquiry i- department of one of our dailies should be stayed in his mad levelling career ere he produces a social revolution in every village and town of the colony. On Wednesday he announced that it was purely a matter of opinion whether the position of a bank manager was socially any higher than that of a telegraph operator or telegraph stationmaster! This statement, so obviously opposed to the social ethics prevailing in the very best social circles of such flourishing towns as Nincompoop, Straggle, and Speculation—the situations of which in this glorious little colony are well known to the well- instructed; and should evoke the most indignant remonstrance of the ever- vigilant Corporal Tomkinson, with whom all conservative instincts are secure. The next assertion that BLUNT awaits is that there is really no distinctive grade in colonial society founded on 'position,' and that men can only be adjudged as worthy cr otherwise on their own intrinsic merits. There would then be a pretty upset if jou please. UST as there have been sometimes apparently epidemic suicides, so now there J appears to be an epidemic outbreak of outrages of a brutal character. The latest reported are those committed upon Eliza Quelch, widow, Alberton: and Mrs. Phelps, a young married woman of the same locality. At the present it would be improper to enter upon the discussion of the features of the case, but one wonders very much whether there arises any influences from the public excitement manifested on these occasions to operate upon morbid and somewhat dormant brutality; if not, how is it that there occurs a series of outrages directly one is reported ?. GAIN is there a return to the charge. A Howard Seagrim will not be satisfied with the assurance in cur last, that nothing wrong could happen in the Government Dockyard under its present most competent and most excellent management. He had adjusted his guns, and poured a frightfully heavy broadside into the affair, showing the competency of the Superintendent to design and model silt- barges, basing all his observations on the text No. 8 barge. Let us warn friend Seagrim that if he persists lie will get nothing for his pains but gross incivility and threats, and perhaps into the bargain some loss ; and that though the public may for a while approve and applaud his patroitism, his porridge will still fall short of the required pinch of salt, for all the public will care. And BLUNT speaks from well-tested experience The only way to get on easily and quietly is (if you know of any waste or incompetency in any public department) to discreetly shut the eyes and screw the lips tightly. E have a word or two to say anent the W Semaphore Concert last night. The arrangements were a credit to those concerned: the lads looked neat and respectable, and the girls bonnie and sonsie ; the Head Master, just as he should be, and the conductor capable; and the audience experienced and expressed great enjoyment. B ut Ah! there is always a fly in the ointment! Well, the behaviour of some of the youths in the audience was simply vulgar in the extreme, and in execrably bad taste. Hooting, yelling, whistling, and stamping exhibited the limit of their accomplishments; and it seemed never to have entered their heads that they have the privilege of being cleanly in person, of taking off their hats when in a concert-room, and of offering a lady a chair. Where have the young rascals had their training, we wonder. Had BLUNT been in charge of the programme, we would have stayed proceedings until at any rate some of the objectionable behaviour had been abated. UR Narracoorte contemporary has fought O out his battle, and a measure of justice has been meted out to the dummies of land selections in the South-East. His victory— upon which he may be congratulated—has encouraged him to the Quixotic task of attacking another giant. He has selected for his particular field of air-beating 'The Crimes of the Rich! and seems greatly exercised in his soul that in the case of the erratic and unwise S. Gr. Kingston a merciful consideration was sbown on grounds that would not apply to a poor and friendless man. Our contemporary is exceedingly outspoken—a quality in journalism for which thisyoung colony has scarcely sufficient roomat present. NCE more Port Victor is trotted to the O front—as a fondling nurse might lead out her infant prodigy for admiration—by P.O. Hutchinson, of Hindmarsh Valley, as the true harbor for ocean-going steamers. This gentleman says Nature intended it to be the chief . port of the colony. Ahem! Supposing he had a quarter of a mile of wharf frontage just north of Jervois Bridge, would he not be much led to siy the same pleasant thing of Port Adelaide ? P ORTLAND Estate District Council committed itself to extinction—a sort of fireless cremation—as a public body on Monday evening last; and, like the stoical Indian brave (whose viitues we know through Cooper—solely) they sang their death-song with vaunting liberality, recounting great deeds done in a quarter of a century! Annexation has done its work, and Port Adelaide is now bound to look after the moral, social, and physical welfare of this latest addition to the family circle. May the connection be full of pleasurable delight, and marked by prosperity and progress. NE who recently travelled by the. s.s. O Airiie, 2,300 tons register, direct from Port Adelaide to Sydney, speaks m the highest"- terms of the passenger accommodation, table, pea-going qualities of the vessel, courtesy of,. Captain Ellis and officers, incessant attention of stewards and attendants, and efficiency of the crew. He would not wish to travel ~in~a"' better boat, and'congratulates Messrs. Gibbs, Bright & Co., owners, and their local agent, Mr. Butterworth, on being able to afford the travelling public such facilities and so much comfort. She goes under easy working nearly eleven knots^an hour throughout. ' H E knows them! And it gives huge comfort to BLUNT that he does know 'em. This is it. The Chief Justice declares that there is no class in the community—the clergy not excepted—that he would sooner trust ihan the members of the legal profession. Thai- means in plain figures that he could defy them to get at him, and so he feels safe! But how about people who are not Chief Justices ? And His Honor said this even in face ot the aspersions unjustly cast upon the pofession by the inflamatory literature of the day ! The Begister—dear old soul!—appropriates the compliment, as if it even did or ever could perform such a feat awaking and inflaming the masses with its mildly respectable and decorously gentle and carefully qualified and self-adjusting suggestions! HE Territorians are finding time to hang T heavily on their hands, and have entered upon a series of lively libel cases, in which Mr. Beresford has taken a conspicious position as the defamed one. But we were scarcely prepared to find that in a case of criminal libel, proceedings could be adjourned to allow of defendant apologizing. We suppose things are adjustable in the Northern Territory. UR 'live' contemporary, the Areas Express, O has the following strengthening iittle tonic for land reformers:— What; £16,212 for land taken for the Mount Barker and Strathalbyn Railway! Yes, a fact. A small, thinly-populated district gets a railway, costing the country close on £200,000; and then takes from the public purse the above enormous sum for land. Surely the Government could well enforce the same principle, before constructing those local lines, that has been adopted in. the matter of the Narracoorte and Mount Gambier line, and insist, before the Act passes through Parliament, on knowing definitely from owners the price of the land to be taken. A fortune could be saved on each railway. The day - is, I trust, close at hand when even borrowed money will not be thrown away as it has been done by every successive Government. Will this railway pay for the grease? And to show how wide there gentlemen, whose land is enhanced by the construe tion of the line, open their mouths, the estimated cost for land and severance was £3,910 : ; but alas' it turns out to be £16,212. There is'something worth pondering heve. How did the Engineer-m- Chief come to blunder so! Or, is there no blunder, only rapacity • CHRISTIAN REIMERS champions the V Salvation Army; slanders uponit shoifld be treated as hostile to the community at large, says this worthy liberal. He prefers the boiS the soldiers of the Army ;may make to the ' hideous massacre of correct " " * ~ street im&c; bands. 