:BUDDHISM IN RELATION TO ,CHRISTIANITY. At the last meeting held in February, by the Victoria. (Philosophical) Institute.-7, Adolphi Terr.ce, London, a paper w-as reald by the Rev. B. C. Collins, 'ILA,, on Bnddhism in relation to Christianity. 'Referring to the parallels be tween the persons and characters of Buddha and Jesus Christ, he said-Take, as a prominent instance, the birth stories. I need not'here give detailS, which are to be found in any modern work on Buddhism. The supposed miraculous conception ; the bringing down of Buddha from 1 ,the Tusita heaven; the Dev;ls acknowledging -his supremacy; the presentation in the Temple, when the images of Indra and other gods throw themselves at his feet; the temptation by Mara -ehich legendcare embellished by the moloern. writer I have already quoted, under such ehrases:as"Conceived by the 'Holy Ghost," "Born of the Virein iMary;, " Song of the heavenly host," "Presentation in' the Temple and temptation in the wilderness'-none of these is found in the early Pali torts. The simple story of ancient Buddhism is that an ascetic, whose family -name was Gautamnoa, preached a new doctrind of human suffering, and a noawwa? of deliveranoe fromit. Til-re: -is no thought In the early Buddhism, of -which we read in the Pali texat, of deliverance at the hands of a god; but the man GCatama Buddha stands alone in his striving after the true emaon cipatlon'from sorrow and -Ignorance. The ac-: counts of his descending from heaven, and beinst conceived in the world of men, when a preter natural light shone over the worlds, the blind received sight, the dumb sang. the lame danced, the sick wero cured, together with all such em bellishments, are certain'y added by later hands; an if here we .recognise some rather remarkable likenesaes in thought or expression to things familiar to us in our 'biblos we need not he astonished,.when we.refect how great must hlavab'een the influence. as I have before hiited,aof the Chriatian ntory:ln IIndiain the early centuries of the Christian era; and, per haps, long subsequently. This is a point which has been much overlookel ;but it is abundantly evident from, amongst other proofs, the story of the god Krishna, which is a manifest parody of the history of Christ. The Bhagavat-G'ta, a theosophical poem put into the mouth of Krishna, is something unique among the pro ductions of th; East, containing -many gems of what. we should call Christian truth wrested from their proper setting, to adorn this creation of the Brahman poet rnd indicatiug as plainly their o.igin as do the stories of his life in the IMaha--harata; so that it has not -unreasonably been concluded that the story of Krishna was inserted in the Miha-tlh rata -to -furnish a f divine asnction to the Bhagavat.Gita. If, then, as there is" the strongest reason to believe, the Christian .story, somewherebetween the first and tenth centuries of the Christian-ors, fo, rc?d t itself into the great Hindu epic, and was at l the foundation of the most-remarkable poem that ever sawe the light in India, can we bhe surprised 'if we find similarly borrowed -a d I imitated wonders in the later Buddhist stories j also. Several hino -anrd colonial applications to join the Institute as guinea subscribers were 3 reoelved; and its object being to Investigate all n philosophical and scientific questions. especially i any said to militate against -the truth of the bible-a- discussion ensued, in which lMr Hor 1 muzd Rtassaum, Professor Leitner. from Lahore, LM: tr Coles; an eir:,est student of the question. during 25 years' resideonce in Ceylon, Professor Rthys Davids, and others took part, all agreeing r i and confirming.the statements of MIr Collins' Spaper,. DrLeitner brought a large number of photograrlas of early Indian and s'artar sculp ture, showing the 'first introduction of the d Christian story into those monuments between d about the second and tenth centuries, Knd he pointed out the value of snuch additional confir smation oat Mr Collinic'bantements, A letter from Seville describes the'Govern ment cigar factory at Spain. The factory is 700 feet long, and almost as wide, and very dirty. At the time it was visited by the writer, there were 250 young girls in the vestibule, satking cigarettes; in the next room were 100 other girls engaged in the same occupation aud on the next floor 3000 women as close as sardines in a box, in a single room. making cigars, some of them having t.eir babies with them not a month oll. while dogs were lying en the tobacco stemso . They were divided into sevens at each tab's three on each side and the mis tress at.the top Aottnd each table were shelves againat pillars. on which lay child ren's shoes, socks and cloth--a. The air was stilling, and the buzz of -the conversation -was now and again brioken by the wailing of the babies. The flooring was so dilapidated tlhat it was possible for an incautious visitor to fall thruyh. 'l h.' other apartments 100 feet long. were packed with laborers. Tihe factory consumes 10,0. 0lb of tobacco per day, ard employs 5000 pereous, who receive .50 cents a day fir twelve hours' work. The matron at each table gets her pay from the woman she commands. The demeanour of girls they superintend is not very highly spoken of, An American -paper tells a curious story of the friendship subsisting between a Mal tese cat and a golllfish, the latter coming to the edge of the water and allowing its com panion to stroke its head and play with it. I'revious to this, 'however,-the cat manages to secure a fly, which is eagerly devoured by the, goldfish. It is said that "the cat purrs, .and shows every sign of pleasure during its viet-to -ite-strange little friend. According to a foreign paper, too workss 'for the construction of a canal which will unite the Baltic with the North Sea are on the point of being itaken in hand. The canal -will commence at a point between '?runsbnttel.and St. Mlsraarethen. on the Elbe, mill pass lendsburg. and end at the Bay of Iiel, near Haltenaur, south of the I great fortifications of Friedrichfort. The length Rill be 97.kilometres; the canal will rhave a depth of nine metre-? -u low -water, and will ,be '00 metres wide. The largest ships will be able to pass at all'hours of the tide in both directions. The canal being entirely under the-control of Germany. her men-of-war will hb able to avoid the perilous -passage oi -the Pelt. which Denmark is at present able to impede by her coast batteries and by torpedoes. When the Baltic is frozen -over the ships can be utiliaed ,in .the North Sea. When in 187Sethe Jabl- oe'off ElectricLight" Company commenced lighting a portion of. the Victoria Embankment 'the charge for cach lamp was 51 per hour. At the end of thlree months the price was reduced to 3d. Six months later-it was reduced to 2ad, and. since Jine, 1 81,-40 lights on the Embank ment and 10 on Waterloo bridge have.con tinned toube lighted at the rate of Sdrl per light per hour. Each of the electric lamps on ·he Embankment gives an illuminating power of 265 candles. so that at the charge of 'id per hour per lamp the cost per 1,000 candle power is 5 66d per hour, while gas at 3s per 1,000 cubic feet, and consuming five cubic feet -per nhour for every 16 candles, costs per 1,000 candle power ' 125bd per hour. in other words, twice the idruminating-power is at present obtained on the Emnbhmrent tr' electric lightning "for the same money that would have to be expended on gag. Under :Lordksimbcr.ey's f.mily title there are no less than 67 relatives whohave drawn, by the rii of 12? public offices,r the large sum -of £1,276.100 out oft-he public taxes, eNo ,wonder. says Modern 'ociety, we are poor. Who in the name of common sense could bhe -rich under such circumstances I Hlol?r,?rt- 's PrLs.--.T'his medicine has :re sisted every test wohieh time, preojdicee, and vested interest couldr impose upon it, and it at length standls :orth triumphanr as the most reliable rcrnredy:-for those derangeinents of the systens soeommaruona.tthe -change -of aeesons. As the air.grows colder,-the functions of -the lskin are retairded, reuriiring an oecasion:l do'e of IIollorloay's P'ills to cause the liher and l;idneys to 'freely act, thus compensa;ing tie system for diminishSed cutaneous action is alteratives, aperients and tonics t'hese Pilis'have no equal. 'To every aged and-deli cate person whoe appetite is defecirve. ,diges tion infirin,'and tone of health.low, this ,:?edi 'cinse will obe a preeiout boon, conferring both oase and -strength. 