Optical Illusions. WHEN the ey'6'is deceived and a person misle by things seeminn to be what (hey ire not is spokto of BS an " optical ilibslon." Th fualliar expression that" seeing it believing implies that most people trust to their tja more than to their own erases. " I have see it with iny own eyes " is looked npbn as an indisputable, a convincing argument, although there are a few doubting Thomases who would add tbe testimony of tbe seAse of fee ing to that of sight before admitting that a thing is actually so. The faots in the case are" that any one o •ur senses may mislead us, and will do so u less we unite caution with experience." Ai sophists use logio to prove tht false true, ed the ventriloquist by the exercise of his art deceives the ear, and the sleight-of- hand per former cheats your eyes. How is thisBOB ch sible ? Certain rays of light coming from a distan body enter the eye, and produce certain sen sations upon the retina, whioh sensations are reported to the brain through the optic nerve. The brain interprets the signals by the aid of past experience, and we think we havesee the distant objeot. In fact, we have only re ceived a 11 message 1 from it. If the telegrap Washington strikes his key twioe the New York operator writes down O, but i : he strikes it three times the latter writes dow n b,.unless he fails to hear the third tiok, or thinks he has heard but two, when he is led into the mistake of writing O where he shou e writes. The signals, when correctly given, may be interpreted correctly or inoorreotly. So the signals correotly registered on the retina and reported to the brain may be incorrtotly translated and interpreted, thus resulting in an error, an illusion. Plaoe a man and a dog side by side at a distance of 80 feet, and any person with an eve oapable of distinguishing them will be able to tell whioh is on the right, which on r, the left. The eye is not easily deceived as t roBition at right angles to the line of visi jet the man advance fivefeet; it is easy to tell that the dog is farther away than the man. Next, place the man at a distance oi 100 feet, the dog at 105 feet; it is not so eaBiIy decided as before, although mistakes are rare with a normal eye. But at 500 ana 600 feet, respectively, it is less easy, although we can still tell which is to the right and which to the left. The imageB formed on th , retina by the same objeot at different distances are very similar, differing only in siz and distinctness. For this reason it is difficult to judge of distanoes, requiring mncb practioe. A perBon standing on a straight strip , of railroad is rarely able to tell whether a distant train is approaching, or reoeding, or at rest, so slight is the change in apparen size from whioh the distance is to be estimated. Upon the sea it is very difficult, without long practioe, tojudge of distances. As a curious instanoe of inability to judge of distances, and hence of the direotion of horizontal motion, may be mentioned that of the governor of a steam engine. At a certain distance (sav 50 feet) the eye will seem to see the balls turning in a certain direction, but on next looking at them IhiB motion seems, to have changed to the reverse and after several alternations the mind becomes perplexed, and finallyis able to see hem turning either way. An outline drawing of a cube may be made to look like the interior or exterior at will at a considerable distanoe: the real oube can be made to do the same. Shading, perspective, do., are resorted to by the artist to give the idea of distance. In the matter of direction deception is not easy as in distance. Our experience tells that if a person hitB us in the back with ball he is probably behind, not in front of u The objeot seen lies in the same direction as that from which the light comes when it enters the eye. If by any means the direction of the ray has been changed between the lime when it left the objeot and the time when it reached the eye, this rule is violated and deception results. When this change is effected by the reflection it is attended with more or less loss of light, sometimes with distortion, and a little experience leads me on suspect a reflecting surface. If the mirror very perfect, the most careful person is liable to be misled. The well-known " ghost is due to the reflection of a strongly lighted figure from a plate of unsilvered glaBS. Man of the best tricks, with floatingheads and tbe like, are arranged with mirrors; No illusions are more perfect than those produced with mirrors. Befraction always changes the apparent place of an object, so that we seem to see the sun after it has gone below the horizon A more striking tut leas frequent phenomeno of refraction is that known as. mirage. Befraotion also affects the color of an objeot. The media through whioh light passes has more or leBS eflect upon the ray. In a fog objeots are dimly seen, the effect resembling that due to distanoe, hence objeots look larger, for the eye judges of the size of an object by multiplying the size of the image or impression received by the square of the distance, while the latter is estimated from the indistinctness of the object. In the fog the apparent distance is increased, but the eye s interprets it as due to the opposite oauBe. On looking at the photograph of a tree, a church, a monument, or a pyramid, it is no possible to form a correct idea of its size un less a man or animal is seen in the eame view with which to compare it. In nature, especially on land, the intervening objects that lead up to it give the data on which to calculate the distanoe. Where none intervene, as in looking from peak to peak, the ye must depend on distinctness, and where he air is very dear and transparent, as in olorado, distances seem less than they are. n If the object is seen through transparent, but colored, media, the form remains true, but the colors are changed. On looking directly at the loop or carve o an inoandeacent lamp it is frequently difficu to distinguish its form, the whole loop being radiant and dazzling, while itB reflectionis so muoh lees brilliant that the form of the oar bon is easily discovered. A wire or bar of iron looks much larger when red hot than when cold for the same reason, and a fire at night seems nearer, owing to its bright ness, than in the day. No better proof is needed of the fact that the eye does not and cannot measure distance, but only gives more or less imperfect data from which the mind calculates tbe distance, than the child's efforts to grasp the moon, and of the dog that bays at that distant luminary which looks so near; nor oan any of ue, with our naked eye, estimate the relative distances of the sun and stars. The shape and oolor of an objeot are'all that the eye alone oan report with tolerable aoouracy, but by experience we learn to distinguish the texture of substance, the nature of services, and many other things that belon more properly to the sense of touch. We distinguish satin from velvet and wool from cotton at a glance. The painter's art largely consists in deoeiving the eye; in so mixing and blending his pigments that they produce the same impression as stone ana wood, or earth and trees, or fleshand blood would do and the greater his ekitl, the more perfect th deception. The imitation is rarely so perfec as to deceive the experienoed, and yet the pleasure derived from the imitation exceeds that.given by the reality, just as misery and and Buffering, when well depicted on the stage, give pleasure, but the sight of the reality ives pain. In many things the mind enjoys being de ceived, and optioa! <Hi»»i=u"> gtru us pleasure so much eo that those who are capable oi completely deoeiving this tbe acutest of our senses get well paid for exercising their talents. H. 