-ECHOES OF MELBOURNE (By The Ghost.) i-. . . . : - j March 1. i Three weeks ago Mr Service informed the . '.gentlemen of the Press, who, doubtless, for: i his sins and their own, are expected to in ?- torview the Premier every day, that the ? Government intended at once to set to work , ' to prepare the measures to be submitted to Parliament during the next session. : How ?' that intention has been carried out may be -aurmised from the fact that at the present time Mr. Gillies and Mr. Kerford are in New Zealand, Mr. Service himself at Sor rento, Mr. Tucker on a visit to Branxholme, Mr. Levien somewhere 'gathering informa- tion about our forests,' and Messrs. Berry and Deakin on a trip to the fern district hi \--the vicinity of Lilydale. Not one of his Excellency's advisers, with the exception of -the martial Colonel Sargood, to. take .' counsel with Lord Normanby. If Mr. ' Service proposes, it is evident ? his col leagues dispose' of their own time. Now that the Civil Service Commissioners have , relieved Ministers of the cares of patronage .-their town offices no longer possess the old charm. r Boyond' affixing their autograph to a few documents, the members of the Government have very little to do when ? the Houses are not sitting. Staving off the importunities of pertinacious . billet hunters, and the requests of ' influential constituents' was wont to be their hardest ;;duty. 'All right my dear boy,' the historical reply 'the Major' gave to all applicants for favours during his regime, is now -changed to 'Sorry I cannot oblige you; as all appointments are vested in the -Civil' Service Commissioners.' \- These gentlemen are apparently not yet fairly in harness, or else they are already being ignored. For it is openly stated that thea ppointments to the two vacant police magistrateships were made ' at the recom mendation of the officers of the Law, Department.' If Ministers are to hand over their right to confer promotion to the iheads of their departments, no great ad . vantage is likely to accrue from the much vaunted bill, the magnv/tn opus of the session, the measure that was to banish nepotism, favouritism, cliqueism, and all the other 'isms' inherent to the patronage system. ? It is notorious that although some of the 'permanent heads' are men of honour and integrity, others are quite the reverse and totally unfit for the posi tion. For instance, is a gentleman who has been lodged in the Swanston-street watch-house on a charge of drunkenness, signed a fictitious name to the ' property sheet,' and been fined next morning by the Bench, the sort of person to whom should bo entrusted the control of an important branch of the State service ? Yet there is at the present moment a gentleman ' bossing ' one of the departments — and tho .Minister also, if rumour is to be believed— who has figured on the list of ' drunk and disorderlies.' -.Poor Mr. Bolam did not long enjoy his new appointment as Inspector of Govern ment Stores, nor his old connubial happi ness. Three short weeks after returning ' to the joys of the ' domus etplaccns uxor,' and within a week of placing on.record his belief in his wife's innocence, he has shuffled off this mortal coil and gone to where 'there is no giving in marriage,' and suits for divorce are consequently un known. 'Apoplexy, induced by an over dose of chlorodyne self -administered,' was the verdict of the Coroner's jury. In the face of the evidence given at the inquest, it was impossible to, arrive at any other conclusion in regard to the cause of death. Their Honors the Judges of the Supreme Court are complaining of overwork. Straws .indicate the way the wind blows, and' this preliminary growl from the Bench is as surely the premonitory sympton that indi cates a fresh judicial appointment, as is the lightning flash of an approaching thunder storm. Mr. Kerferd, the Attorney General, who has long been anxious to don the ermine, is evidently tired of waiting for a vacancy, ' which it was expected would occur some mohthsago, and is desirous of precipitating the march of events. Before Parliament again ? assembles the honourable gentleman will in all proba . ' . bility achieve the object of his ambition. The career' of the member for Beechworth is one which parallels that of the Thomas Goodehild of the '. story-books of our young days. For just as in'the olden time it was ' not given to every man to reach Corinth,' so in our own few persons starting in colonial life as brewers' travellers attain the highest judi cial honours. Credit is of course due to Mr. Kerferd for having been able so suc cessfully to climb the rungs of the social ladder. But there are envious people in the community who say that the Attorney General has always kept his own personal advantage steadily in view, and that his elevation to the Supreme Court Bench will afford another illustration of the saying anont the very inarrow step that separates tho sublime from the ridiculous. '_ The new Bailway Commissioners have apparently chosen as their model the his torical sailor's parrot. They don't talk inuch, but perhaps think a good deal. And if ponding other mucli-needod reforms they should resolve to abate the nuisance-caused by the unnecessary use of the railway whistle) they will' have deserved- well' of their 'country. Passengers; complain loudly. of the screeching of the 'engines ' during' ' their journey. What therefore must. be. the. torture inflicted' on the unfortunate dwellers in localities where the whole day and a' large portion of the night are made hideous by the 'discordant lioiso; compared to which the'eanine'baying of themoon, or a concert of amorftuS .cats,' i&'a sweet Wagnerian music ? That'action has not'long since- 'been taken to' end'£he. annoyance bears ample ? testimony tq-the' patience and'lorig-suifering-'aispbsitioii , of I Yictoriaris.-^^Th'e l!Railw'ay Coaimisaidn^rs' | ', :.nr' 'i;.:-i iv;-l ?'. t--:n. ..??-.'i'if .'?' -* rto;'' \'-'--i -'-' action has not, however, the merit 'Of' originality. The: Board of Health have ;taken steps to stop the fog horns and steaiii whistles that summon .'.the various factory: hands to their nia'titudirial labour, or rouse them from their slumbers at all sorts of unearthly hours, causing all who do not rise at cock-crow to turn on their couches, and exclaim with the sluggard 'You have woke me too soon.' Another, injustice to native industry ! ? Proprietors of secular newspapers might learn a lesson from the owners of the War Cry. It is the only religious journal in Victoria that pays. Much of its success may be attributed to the fact that it is mainly Offered for sale by members of the fair sex. It is of course easy to resist the blandish ments of a retired prize fighter who, in a discardedvolunteeruniforin,desires to thrust a copy of tho ill printed ? periodical into your hand, while. asking' for' the ' only a penny' in true stand and deliver fashion, but it is a far more difficult1, task for sus ceptible mankind to refuse to buy a . payer from a pretty 'hallelujah lass,' with bright eyes, pearly teeth, and ruby lips, who looks as if, with a very little persua sion, she would 'kiss you for your mother. '' If Messrs. Barker arid ? Co. do not Teckon their lasses the ' crack ' corps ?' of the Salvation Army — just as the King of Dahomey looks upon 'his regiment; of Amazona as the pick of his warriors— then the astute gentlemen named, who are at present the leaders of the Army in Australia, are not quite so clever as is generally supposed. ? ? ? ' ! The murder at Piorrepoint/ near Hamil ton, is still an unsolved- mystery. As 'in 'the cose of the Pettavel crime, the detec-f tives/ the police, and the black trackers cannot discover the authors of the tragedies. Indeed, Messrs. Spider, Johnny, and the rest of the Queensland blacks, only appear to make confusion worse confounded by their daily discoveries. ?. ' The theatrical doings of, the week are riot; of a varied kind. At the Princess, ' Iin pufse,' in the tenth week of its run, still attracts good audiences. .' Blow for Blow,'; at the Bijou, with Mr. J. L. Hall as Charley, Spraggly/ seems destined to have a long run. At the Opera House ' My Partner' has given place to ' Jeanie Deans' with the old Melbourne favourite, Miss Elbise Juno, in the title role, and at the Royal no change is announced from ' It's never too ? late to mend.' Hiscock's Minstrels have left! the 'Victoria Hall, and have given place to; the Miller-Foley combination, over which ' the goddess Fistiana holds sway. ; 