The Mystery of Miss Dormer's Will. IffTBEMAIKE sat up late, cogitating over the events of tiie last three days. JT WBB twelve o'clock before he went to tjie room—a epacione chamber at the nght hand of the branching sta-rcase, on the Bame floor as" and next to the morning-room. His first act was to 'draw up the Yenetain blind and throw open the long •window. It was a beautiful September night, almost as fight as day. The moon was shining serenely, em-rounded by wreaths of fleecy feathery clouds, and the stars were brilliant. The room opened on to a small balcony with an ornamental iron tailing. Just below the balcony was a broad stone ledge, the cornice of the lower windows projecting about a foot from the wall and extending the whole • length of the house; and a narrow sluice to drain the water away was cut Enough the middle. Mr. Tremaine stepped ont on the balcony, and, leaning over the railing, gazed out upon the landscape which appeared so beautiful in the broad light of the full moon. All was hushed and silent. "Shall I be able to win her?" he said softly to himself. "Itappeared easy enough when I was talking to Charlie the 'other night; and yet she *3emed such a distance off to-night in "her grace and purity and sweetness. How lovely she is; and what a gentle winning way die has; Ah, Lucia, my little darling, if I cannot gain your love, the rest will matter little to ma 1" Presently Horace turned to go back to his room, when a faint Bound caught his ear. He wheeled round sharply. A cold shudder passed through him, and his heart seemed to stand All; for f^anding on the stone sill of the next window was a Blight white figure that looked misty and unearthly. The face was turned away; but the moonlight shone on masses of light golden hair 6treaming in wild confusion all round it One small white hand held the trhite flowing drapery, the other grasped the edge of die window frame. • Horace gazed- in bewildered horror, and involuntarily drew .batk.. -The figure stepped from the-windowonto the atone ledge below,, and, without a moment's hesitation, glided rapidly along the narrow and precarious cornice. At length it stopped and seemed to across the dus^y moonlit garden, _ • stooped as if in search of something. Tn another moment, while hB still gazed, it disappeared, , . f„, . • 1 " Am I mad or dreammgr' be muttered, robbing his eyes. " I saw it as plainly as I Bee my hand"—holding it np before him. " It must be a triok to frighten me. I will look inside the honne." Bather enraged at the last supposition, Horace strode through bis room and went out into the dim corridor. All was silent The moo alight made weird and ghostly shadowB here and •there, but not a soal was viable. He retained to his room, went to die balcony, and leant over the railing. He \- - *» - 3 «n*MA fima • Knfc inn waited' for- some time; but no figure ratppeared; and at last he went to bed ie full belief that his eyes and \- itS BenBes had played him false. \- "Hare y»u any. regulation family gliuJs attached to this house, Miss Dormer f he asked Lucia, half in jest, half in earnest, the nert morning, as s they rat at breakfast. . " Regulation ghosts!" she echoed, opening wide her beautiful dark eyes " Of course not ! m.y?" . J " Because I saw one last night pt the real regulation type," he answered —"a white figure, misty and dim, 'gliding along an impossible parapet by the light of the moon ; and I wondered if it belonged of right to the family was a stray sprite out for a frolic on its own account." • "Axe you speaking ^in je t or earnest?" ehe asked incredulously. "I scarcely know myself," he said; "But, while I was standing on the balcony of my room late last night, I saw —or thought I saw—a white figure—a human being jit could not have been— btep from the window-sill of the room next to mine and walk along the done ledge running along the house and suddenly disappear." Ton muse have been dreaming, Mr.. Tremaine," said Mrs. Hollins; while Lraia's dark eyes were full of bewildered incredulity. I suppose I must," he answered lightly, " though I ceitainly felt uncommonly wide awake; and it was as light as day." What was it like?" asked Lucia curiously. Quite the convention al pattet a," he said—" a figure misty and dim, in flowing white robes and long golden hair; and, like all other ghosts, it seems to have been wandering about for no earthly purpose, except to frighten people; though it really looked such a very harmless sprite that my nerves have not suffered one whit." Lucia smiled merrily. " Evidently you do not believe in your own ghost, Mr. Tremaine,'' she said; "BO how can you expect me to do so?" If you won't own the family spirit," he returned, smiling across at her, "how can I have the temerity to set one up for myself ? I must take refuge in the supposition that my imagination must have played me a trick." Mr. Tremaine remained some time at Chaseleigh. There was much business to transact and there were numerous affairs to settle; and, though he steadily refused to have anything to do with the property and would not acknowledge that he had any claims to its possession, still he was compelled to attend to and arrange many matters which, without his sanction, would have been at a stand-still. The missing will had not been found. Notices were inserted in the newspapers and large rewards offered. Accomplished detectives were sent down from London, and the house was turned topsy-turvy; but without success. So completely had the will vanished that the outside world began to donbt if it had ever had any existence. But, if the existence of the will was doubtful, the existence of the ghost was not. Three times in as many weeks Horace Tremaine saw the slight white figure, with its veil of misty golden hair, flitting along the narrow stone ledge. Once it was bright moonlight, and the phantom was distinctly viable. Twice it appeared on dark nights, and- only the whiteness of its flowing robes made it visible against the dark walls of the house. Determined to get to die bottom of the mystery, and utterly sceptical on the subject of ghosts, Horace sat up for a week after its last appearance and kept a strict watch on evesy inch of die house And garden. Bat the gliding white figure never appeared; and Horace, when the first faint tinge of dawn tinted the eastern sky, tumbled into bed, muttering maledictions loud and deep on all erratic phantoms earthly or unearthly. Lucia and Mrs. Hollins sat in the morning-room at Chaseleigh, Lucia lying bade in. her favourite low chair, gazing dreamily into the bright fire. Mrs. Hollins at the table writing. " Well, Lucia," she said presently, looking up, " how soon will it all be •etfied?" What settled ?" asked Lucia ab- " Everything," replied Mrs. Hollins. My dear child, we cannot continue to live on here as we are. Mr. Tremaine is most honourable and generous ; bat it is not right or proper that yon should remain in his house any longer. 8 tiling must be done." The hright tens came into Lucia's eyes. "Tea," she raid slowly, "I know; but what can we do, Mrs. Hollins? Where can we go ? I have no money; and " "Xt is hard far you,** observed Mrs. Hollins, with sympathy. " There is so little for gids Broug-ht up like you to fall bad: upon. IX Mr, TrMnaine wbnld atlow ybu a small sum snffirawit to live npon, aftar all * "Oh, no!" interrupted Lucia. " I could not! He has been so kind!" «• But, Lucia, if the will had notbeen lost, everything would,have been yours." urged lbs. Hollies. " I know," returned "Lama. " And Mr. Tremaine has done everything he could to make me fed as if everything was indeed my own. Not by a hint or tone has he shown that itaN belonged to . I cannot ask 1dm for money when he would give me everything for a word. I kaow—we must go. Mrs. Hollins; and"—with a slight sob— the sooner the bettor." Mrs- Hall™ glanced at her curioudy. The brilliant dark eyes were fun of unshed tears, the childish sweet face was sad and agitated. Mr. Tremaine has acted as scarcely one man in a thousand would have done," die Bald, with emphasis. " Bat you axe right, Lucia; you csnnot tab advantage of him." She pan moment in thought^ and then went on. "Will you crane with me to Bournemouth for a month or two till something can be arranged for you 7" " Yes," answered Lacia wearily, " if you like. " It does not much matter where ! go when I leave here." ' And the bright golden head auk bad disconsolately on the cushion of the "ThenI will write to a friend tofihd us lodgings," said MM. Hollins, turning again to her writing. " I dare say we shall be able to go in a few days, or a week at most." 1 For another ten minntea her pen went on without pause, and Luiia gazed into the hot coals with a far-away look in her eyes. Then Mrs. Hollins was called. from the room and Lucia left to her-' seli. ! "A few days," she murmured sadly "perhaps a week! Oh, I cannot bear to leave here—I cannot! And yet it i* best. I wish—oh, how I do wish we had gone before he came! Oh, I am miserable, so miserable!" Bhe burst into tears and sobbed as if her heart would break, her breast heaving and her slight figure shaking with distress. In her grief and agitation she did not hear the opening and dosing of the-door and the entrance of Horace Trami»ne liimaplf. Miss Dotmer—Lucia—what is the matter ?" he exclaimed, as he came forward hurriedly, with a look of concern. Lucia started guiltily. " Ob, I am so sorry! I did not know you were in the room," she stammered, drying her eyes and making a violent effort to recover her composure. " It is nothing at alL" "Yes, it is something," he said, taking np a position on the hearth-rug in front of her. " or you would not be crying. Now tell me all about it." (To be Continued.) £2550 in hand in aid ot tbe A-chbishop Vaojhan memorial. The Sydney Sschool of A\j debating clab has d;^de4 "that the Choroh of England onjht to be disestablished and its immense wealth applied to the liquidation of tbe national debt." Another anarchist plot discovered in Spain. The conspirators cut toe buttress:' of a bnd^e \-- \icir ; ty of Cindad Real, in the eoatheu ce of IA Mmytut, and a passenger tram ran irto the tirer, tilling aad -ija.lng many people. The Egypt's? troops composing the Bttber garrison are showing sgns of taioai die. T««- i T on, and are openly featenu^Bg w : th the Arab insurgents who surround the bM. Toe jie .lest consternation prevails among the inhabitants, who are fleeing in nnmbers. Since the 16th in&^knt over 10,000 sheep have been tracked i'lVin Victoria {oetie Sydney market In former years it bai beea the rale for from 20,000 to SO,000 and even 40,000 sheep to he Bent f.-om New Sooth. Vales to rte aider colony, and as many as 2SOO have been aent fn a 6 : ngte day. T> ictcett has gine to Eoclcha-DDtoo. He eLited in Bt'ihiiine that be expected to be recalled to Sydney to row Hanlan. A toy," wb'le fa 5 !"!; ehcep ne*r Jupiter Cierfc, Echnnja, f>{ter the late Ciim f J.nid a 3dwL nojget of goM new sirae old workings. The boy's father and a ce^piuoor commenced to vok in the old liu&inlnw; on to a Ie^er which iney followrd forasiiort distance, and sttact a :eeff.>xfcet wide of decomposed stone, which averaged Sdwt- bo the diih. Tb : s is the richest find ever made in the district, and all of the g.-onnd wit lin a considerable distance of the daim is pegged ont. Hr. B. Hogoe, who brote his leg some months >30 Kt Newcastle, met with a similar mtsforiimeoa Monday whilse stepping from a railway cat riage at Uaithnd. The la*g tore eve- known in Dnbbo took place on bonday moTnir"j, tbe damage bong estimated at beteen £S0,000 rod £10,000. Sir Henry Partes tbints of cettl ng in Bngland. It is reported Out he bas been asted In stand btr a seat in tbe Hcose of ComiKHig- The biggest man m Aostralana is Thomas D. Jennings, of Hobirt, whore he has- been livint? for ncirly half a centnry. He weighs C2J stone, and his measurement is:—Chest, 6&n; ; waist. 83a; cjlf, 20m. He is Stt 10in m height, and hai never taken a dose <f physic in b"s Re. He)s60yeanofage,<-ndlookahea-.y enough to become a tmteadf. Two g<ris. aged 18 and II yesre, charged their brother, Frederick James FanO, at the Cistlemaine (Vic.) Comt on Monday with committing repealed criminal assaults upon than. BB eldest rister was charged in Angint last with vagrancy, the chief aBegiiioa being tint she elegit under haystacks 'and oothoase?. Tbe bench then dismis-ed t'-ecrire. She now ossevts m (W ha libu was consequent on hsr brother's j The- case was remanded- I ! I TXMFKBA*C* advocates would evidently findaii J excellent field fijrtbeir laboors among the pcari- 1 ing stations of TOOTI Straits. Some of them, it a aid, are tbe scenes of Mjhtfd drlnk5n«j boots. The crews of different boats bey casre of liquor from their employers, meet at some island, and have a day's debauchery. Malays and Polynesia ns'go to tbe hotels, get battles of groe, with which they ret * TOtfl the tndi. to ret d ankand quairtl amongst therr selves, the hiife occanosaDy being called tots play, and on the lone inlands in the Straits tiwe are at times veritahle acenes of Fande jwrinm. i 