GERALDINE. It She had no possible claim on Mr. Birch, h no security to offer him, and yet sonicme strange fatality had so ordered her lifo t that this was her only resource. Most of us put off a thing we dread till i the last moment. Geraldine was brave enough always to i face an inevitable evil, and get the effort over, a She grudged spending any money on herself nowadays, but Mr. ?lKie's house v being in onel of the streets leading from the Strand, and Mr. Birch's in a Bel- I gravian square, she could not manage the distance on foot, and had to call a cab y which she paid and dismissed at Ihis door. As Geraldino rang the bell, her heart scemed to sink into her very feet whichl i almost gave way under her. 11 She could not remember that she hIad been half so agitated as this on the night a of her first appearance on the stage. But then more depended on this inter- s view thitan mere bread. The footman who answered her sum- t mons said that Mr Birch was at home, but as he never admitted strangers as a rule, would she send in her name? This Geraldino declined. 'Tell hiun that a lady begs the favor of i a few minutes' conversation, and if he ob jects to receive me, I will scnd in my card.' The footman invited her into the hall to wait, and quickly disappeared. He soon returned to say that Mr. Birch would see the lady if sise would have the goodness to follow him. She was ushlered into a handsome i library, the kind of room an old bachelor invariably occupies. All the furniture was solid and good, 1 and, nio doubt, cost a good deal of money, but all those trifles that feminine taste scatters about were lacking. It was a hard room, Geraldine thought, and being accustomed to the elegance of ýher own home, it gave her a chill. -ST here ne 1 .couchesh; and weary as she ivas,:s:oe be"' 0not lean back. The high, stiff back repelled; the rich velvet mocked her. On the side- board-a splendid piece of i furniture in oak, curiously carved-there was a carafe of water, and as the master did not show, and she was faint, she rose and helped hIerself to a goodly draught of this simple restorative. The rim of the glass had just touched her lips and freshened them, when she heard in an adjoining apartment a young clear voice, raised in innocent laughter. The tumbler dropped from her hand, shivering to pieces, and she uttered a pas sionate cry 0 ' Miimi-Mimi ! Oh Heaven my child!' For it was Mimi's voice ; she could al most swear to thisat. For a minute she was sick and dizzy,she could only hold fast by a chair near, and pray for strength. The pictures in tihe room seemed to swim before her. The chairs were waltzing giddily to the wild discord in her own brain. Shehad onlyone sense at this moment -a yearning sense that clasnosred for Mimi, and couldiheed nothing besides. rresently she recovered herself a little, and tottered to the door. She would tear down the walls with her feeble Ihands rather thansnot reach hler child. But she had to pause again before turn ing the lock. Thile insist was over her sight like a veil, and to move was to a11. 'Why amu 1 so miscrably weak ?' she murmuired. despairingly. ' I ousght to be trong, as I am near Mimi.' She perceived then, on the sideboard she had just left, a tall, thin bottle, con taininng some pale, amber liquid, so clear and bright that she could see through it. It might be wine or spirit, and it would help lher, perhaps. Si Dropping to the ground, shte crawled in back to thle place from whence she had in come, lifted herself up by the help of the co chair, and poured herself out a little ofi this bright liquid into a slender stemmed glass that stood by. be She spilled a good deal, her hand wasw so tremulous. Bnt she managed to carry some of it to her lips, and though it slided softly down her throat, as if it were an innocent er beverage enough, it seemed to light a ac strange fire within her, and warmn the ht blood to lher very finger-ends. br 'Mimi, my love, I amn coming,' she fre munrmtured, lher eyes Gfring.I And site straightened herself, and took a cauetions step forward. an Why need she hlesitate ? nt Silo was as strong as a man at this 9w nmoment, and far mnore resolute than some ofthbin. tm Sho went across the room, steadily, lis- g° 3lesggios, 4s&~q, v2-ftnaand onas so astheit~ opeeteic tieo door,. etc 7ieari oe gess Iai the gay, thrilling, childish laughter, ring- a intg sveetlr throsgih thle sall. Poor Geraldine smeiled then. a She sceemedl so wonderfully near thel ]lappiness for whlich slte longed. There was no servant to stay her, and to she crept cautiously along, lhushing lher be very breath, msaking for the direction in freom whence the soundi proceeded. i There were several doors opening into to the hall, and shte tried tlhree. Best thsey were locked. The fourth yielded to her eager touch, e1 and she entered. is It was a long, narrow room this, very G simply furnished. Il one corner was a rocking-horse, on P the table some expensive playtlhings, A1 amongst which was a mechanical mouse, th which, htaving been recently wound tlup, I twas still running, but tnot a living soul at was to be seen. lI: A hat, trismmeed tith blue rilbbons, luemg tI on thee horse's head. as if the child lad tl eput it there in lher play. Everytlhing showted recent occupation to and suddenll desertion, as if the rustle of tl lher faint footfall had driven the litttle one p away. But Geraldino was not daunted. s ' Site euest be in the house still-my darling,' she said witlhin herself. ' I will search for her Ihiglh and low, come what tl tiill.' -In As she came to this resolotion, shte v caught thle sound of little pattering feet at overlhead, and a wild thrill of joy passed " tlhrough her whole frame. ti She is there after all,' slhe cried aloud, I in lher excitement, sand darted sout. te Shel went headlong across the hall, calling ' Mimi' frantically. nt At thle foot of the stairs was a lbroad 2( gaterway, and on thle other side of this, t pale, calem and invincible, stood a slilght old man with a bald head and keen, tl burning eyes, guarding the pass, and re- b pulsing her by a gesture full of indigna- et tion and command. Woman, what are you doing here ?' The voice was so cold and stern that li Geraldine, in spite of her purpose, stepped at f 'aci'Ynssnctiviely. [ I am looking for my child I' she ftl- at tered out. Whlat is your child to me 2 Go back from whence n you came.'n But sheis here-indeed, indeed, she is a here. I heard her voice.' 'Absurd !' oexclaimed the old man con tesptltoustsly. ' There is no one here lbut my little grand-daughter, and she is notlh ing to you.' h 'But let me see lher, sir, I beseech you, c if only for one second,' she moaned. e He opened the gate, closed it carefully n after him, and stood beside her. 'Nonsense ! Youn looklike a ghost, and D would frightee hler.' But it was her voice,' persisted Geral dine despairinigly. ' All children's voices are alike. Are youths person who was waitingto see me?' 'Yes.' I 'Then come to csy roonm, and I wrill hear what you hlave to say. I will not hlave the little one disturbed. There was a strange softness in his face as he uttered the last sentence. Geraldine gatlhered hope from it, for she r said quickly ' Site need not see ince. I will peep t througlh thle keyhole, orhide myself whilst she passes- only let me just assure my self that it was not mly child I heard; that is all I ask. It is so little, after all, and my heart is breaking-my heart is break ing. It is odd thlat you should donubt my word,' lee answered, haughtily. ' I tell you the little one upstairs is my grand- 1 child. I will swear it, if that will satisfy you., ' She has neither father nor mother worthly thIe name, and I lhave taoken lher into soy house. ' But you miglht lhave tcell deceived,' 'What, itn lly grandchild 2 You mustt have taken leave of your wits, madame.' 'Perhaps I hlave,' returned poor Geral dine, meekly. 'Sleh a sorrow as mine might madden anyone. Pi'cture to your self that I have only this one, sir-' 'Whore is your husband? ' 'I have no husband.' "'V'mt-ktindof atsn woman mest vtou be I to make seech a confession as this to a per- I i feet stranger, without even a blush of slhamu?' . 'I was so young,' murmured Geraldine, icuploritgly, 'and I trusted over much, where I should nothete trusted at at all. I hlad no mother to warn me, no friend to counsel me. I stood alone in my ignorance and I fell.' 'Had yost no fsstlser eitlher?' 'Yes, I lad a fatleer, but he had no heart or usederstaneding to realise the per ils of my position. If he had bet loved me a little, I should have been saved.' 'You mean that ee was an unnatural monster I suppose?' No. I mean that he would not see emsy temptations, or tales the troeuble to warn ins. The very night I left his roof lasked his blessing, and he mocked my senti suentalit', as he called it. If he had bet I kissed me even, I should have stayed.' 'It is so easy to blame others for our fatults,' said the old man, with something like detiance; 'lee essay hlane loved yon dearly, in his oicn weray, after all.' (To be continued.) A rewrs'rsov, sigesed by 3,226 residelets ' of St. Kildta, Pralran, Windsor, and Is South Yarne, in favour of grocer's rc licences, vas presented by Mir. If. H. Daries last seighst to thIe Legislatire \- Assembly. The very bulky documsoent contaiens but two stattesents, viz., tlsat i, thee grocer's licence has been found a , public convestience, and that its aboli , tion would be prqjudical to the interest of the comneusunity, 