DONALD GRANT i ' BY Goliath SlAGUON'AXD. Author of "Alec Forbes," "Malcolm," desire. ClIAlTKH Lil. THAT same afternoon, to the great delight of both Mrs. Brookes returned, half wild. From the moment when she discovered herself fooled she had been dreading all manner of terrible things, yet none so terrible as her mistress had to tell her. There seemed likely to be no end to her objurgations, exclamations, anathemas, and explanations, when at length she held Lady Arotura safe in her arms. " Now I can leave you in peace, my lady," taU Donal. "ISon we can hide what ye are an' be thankful' !" said Mrs. Brookes. " Wha dam meddle with' me ? But what ken what the mad yerl-for mad I s' nphtiud him to be wha ken what he may see fit to do noist 7 Deed, Maister Grant, I cannot let you oot o' the house," '"I was only thinking of going down to Mistress Comin's'," said Donal. r " Woo], ye can gang; but mi' ye're Same v' ! guile time." I , ," I will do exactly as my lady please." Then come." said Arctura. Donal went, and the first person he saw when he entered the house was Ripple. She turned instantly away, and left the room ; he could not help seeing why. Presently the old woman came, and welcomed him with her usual cordiality, but not her usual cheerfulness : since her husband's death, he had scarcely noted any change in her manner till now ; she looked weary of the world. ' She sat down, smoothed her apron on her knees, gave him one glance' in the face, then looked down at her hands, and had nothing to say. " I doubt sair I ken what ails you, Dooly," said Donal ; but, in the name of him that's awa', hearken to me. The lass is no' lost, neither is the Lord asleep. You- lamb is sair misguided, an' she's hair plucked o' her bonny wool, but, given she heard the closer by the love of the Lord's flock, she'll ken it was for want of his care or mercy _ that this happens til her. It's a terrible pity for the bonny cratur, disgracing' them at audit her. They winna believe them at speaks true ; an' they will believe them that less til them. Still, it's no as grew she had been stealing'. She's wrongs her pain sell, an' air mair, but it cannot gar and lurk doon upon her as I canna help ruin' at the juan that's grown rich at the cost of his noebours. There's many a gran' prood lass that'll live to stand' behind Epnic yet when we're a' 'fore the righteous Judge.' "lash, but you speak like my Anorow," cried the poor woman, wiping her old eyes with her apron. I s' do what I can for her, but that's no hiding' of 1" "Hiding o' 't!" cried Donal. "The Lord forbid; see things are no to be hidden. Sao Tang 's sho gangs about in the face of the war', the thing ought to be kenned o' a' that come near her. She made boil- her burden, poor lass. The Lord '11 do as he likes about it only he'll hoc nacthing hidden an' smuggler | up. That's no the way of' His kingdom. I sup i pose there's nee doubt what's the father?" | "Kane. The Lord forbid that should be possible. It's just the young lord !" Two days after, Mr. Graeme, the factor, and his sister returned, and, at Lady Arctura s request, took for a time their abode at the castle. Then came a solemn conference, in which, however anxious she was to say nothing against her uncle, Lady Arctura told both that of late she had become convinced that her uncle was no longer capable of attending to her affairs that they had had a difference, and he was gone for the present. She desired of them as a personal favour that they would not allude to ter being at the castle; she had gone away with her uncle and was supposed to be with him, but had returned, and her uncle did not know that she was at home ; she did not wish him to know. She desired for the present to remain hidden. Mr. Graeme would in the meantime prepare for a thorough understand- ing of matters as between her and her uncle. In the course of the investigations that there- upon followed, it became clear that a good deal of the moneys of the estate received by his lordship were in no way by them to be accounted for; and then Lady Arctura directed that further proceedings should be stayed until the war should be present to explain, but that no more money was to be handed over to him her name, however, must not be mentioned. For some time Mr. Graeme heard nothing of him ; but by-and-by carne directions as to where and how money was to be forwarded. Forguo wrote, but his father signed. Mr. Graeme replied, excusing himself as he could, but sent nothing. They wrote again. Again he excused himself. The earl threatened. Mr. Graeme took no heed. Months passed thus, but neither of the two appeared to enforce their demands. Forguc could not without his father, and his father had reasons for staying away. At length the factor wrote that he would pay no money but to Lady Arctura herself. The earl wrote himself in reply, asking if Mr. Graeme had been asleep all this time that he did not know she had died in London and been six weeks in her grave. Again the factor did not reply. All this time life was going on very quietly in the castle. Davie had long been home, lessons were to the hour as before, and Lady Arctura took a full share in thora, only Donal was a little anxious at some signs in her which he could not help taking for those of failing health. All about the castle was bustling labour masons and carpenters busy from morning to night. For the very next day after Mr. Graeme's return, Lady Arctura began at once to admit the light of day upon the secret of centuries. The wall that masked the chapel windows was pulled down ; the windows, which had in them hardly a crack, were thorougly cleaned ; the passage under thorn, which had once been a sort of arcade, was opened to the great state, where Donal had seen the end of the steps coming through. The way was cleared to the oak door by taking away the masking press and after Lady Arctura had had a small sweet-toned organ 4 [The sole right of publication in Queensland of Donal Grant' has been purchased by the Brisbane Newspaper Company, Limited. built in the little gallery, she had the stairs from her own room opened again, and fitted with a door, that she might go down when she pleased, as she did often to play on the organ above which still, at times, in winds from the south-east, the aeolian harp dreamed out the music of the spheres, The temble bed had been of course removed. In taking it to pieces for the purpose the joints crumbled to dust, and it could not be put together again. So the carved tester and posts were put up over the great chimney piece in the hall and the rest of it was burned ; but the story of its finding was written by Donal and placed among the records of the family. The alterations that naturally took place in restoring the chapel to the castle admitted much more light and air into the pile, adding beauty and healthfulness and, without destroy- ing anything valuable in the antiquity of the building, rendered it a much better place to live in. Davie said it was like the conversion of St. Paul He was an odd boy, but odd in a very right way : things took such decided shapes in his mind, almost everything seen looking to him directly like something unseen, that Board felt there was that in the boy that called for all the help he could give to develop it. Please God he should not leave him till he had to go I But it soon became evident to others as well as Donal that the things Lady Arctura had had to pass through had exercised a very hurtful influence on her health. For some time she seemed to be playing, but nothing was plainly amiss with her. She scorned always happy, but her strength at times would suddenly desert her, and she would sink with a little laugh on the nearest support. No one however feared anything very high or very definite. Her organ, to which she had given more labour than she was quite fit for, was now, next to the society of Donal and the slow reading of her Greek Testament, her greatest delight. Often were its chords to be heard creeping through the long ducts and passages of the cattle ; either for a small instrument its tone WM peculiarly penetrating, or the lost room was indeed, as it ought to be, the very centre of the system of the old house, and the sound of prayer and praise permeated thence in a measure to its most distant parts. On the roof, by the chimney stack, Donal would often sit listening to the sounds that rose through the shaft, set free by her worshipping lingers and the tears would rise as he thought how her spirit was following her own sweet sounds, in yet sweeter search after her native country. One day as she sat at her organ, she went, on playing and playing till she forgot everything but her music, and all but unconsciously began to sing "The Lord is Mindful of His Own." She did not know that she had two listeners alone on the roof above, and one in the chapel below. When twelve months had come and gone, the cart one day stood before the castle, half-and-half doubting whether it was his own ; he wanted to come to a proper understanding with his factor, and to ace Davie, when, hearing Donal had resumed his relation with him, he had willingly left in his care. He had driven up to the point where the road turned off to the stables, and thence walked. The great door was standing open ; he walked in, and walked up. What odd change was this on the stairs door that had not been there before at least he had never seen it ! Who could have dared make such a change in his house? The thing was bewildering, but he was accustomed to be bewildered ! He opened the door-a new handsome one of oak-and entered an arcade with arches to the open air ; he might have seen it as he approached the house, but he had not looked up. At the end of it was the door of the chapel 1 He started back in dismay the lost chapel, with all its horrible secrets, wide open to the eye of day ! He went in. It was clear and clean no hideous bed 1 no darkness ! no dust I and the air trembling with the delight of the organ breath which went rushing and rippling through it in all directions, setting it in the sweetest turmoil. He said to himself he had never had just such a peculiar experience. He had often doubted whether things were or were not the projections of his own brain; know that sometimes he could not tell ; but never before had he had the rear of appearance and the unreal of fact brought so immediately and face to face with each other. Everything was just as clear to his eyes as if he were in the prime of youth and health, and yet he was positively, absolutely, certain there could be no reality in what he so indubitably saw. At the same time he was by no means certain that the things which seemed last in his experience to have taken place there had really taken place at all. he had managed to get in doubt about this the moment he failed to find the key. When he would ask himself what had become of his niece, he would to himself reply that doubtless she was all right; she did not want to marry Forgive, the rascal-and quite right too if she had known him as he did and so had slipped out of the way somewhere; she had never cared about the property, if only she had her own way That was all women did care about so far as he knew ! That was why his factor had taken such liberties with him ! He had a claim on the property so long as he was the guardian of the lady, and the next heir to it. She had come of ago, it was true, but he had not yet rendered his accounts or yielded his stewardship. If she had died anywhere, the property was his ! She never could have had the heart to leave it away from him ! She had always been very friendly with him, and he had loved her like his own flesh and blood. But at other times he did not doubt that he had starved her to death in the chapel, and was tormented as with all the furies of hell. In his night visions he would see her lie wasting, hear her moaning, and crying in vain for hell) ; the hardest heart is yet at the mercy of a roused imagination. He would see her body in the various stages of decay as the weeks passed ; when would the process be over, that he might go back to the place, and, pretending to have just found the lost room, carry away the bodies together, and have them honourably buried? Should he pretend that it had lain there for centuries like the others, or insist that it must be she who had so unaccountably disappeared? she had got shut up there, like the bride in the chest, and had not been able to (get out again I If he could but had an old spring lock to put on the door ! But people were so plague sharp nowadays They found out everything and he positively could not afford to have everything found out ! No ; God himself, if there were such an indefinite entity anywhere, must not be allowed to know every- thing! He stood staring. And, as he stood and stared a change began to grow in him; perhaps, after all, what he saw might be Then the whole thing it had displayed must have been a fancy-a something he had seen only in his dreams and visions I God in heaven 1 if it could but be proven that he had never done anything such as he had thought belonged to this place, then all the other wicked things he was guilty of-or of which he had at least always supposed himself guilty, and which had been so heavy upon him all his life that it never seemed of the smallest use to try to repent of them might be forgiven him 1 But then awoke the old wicked Satan in him, and said What difference would that make to the fact that he had done them? He could never take his place as a gentleman in heaven after what had passed ! Why did God make such a fuss about a sin or two that a man felt it was of no use to be sorry for them, and went and did worse out of pure despair? But then, if he had never murdered anybody ! After all there might be a God, then, and he might if he tried be able to thank Him ! But for what? That he was not going to be damned for the thing he had never done ? A thing he had only had the unspeakable misfortune to dream he had done ! and God never to have interfered to prevent him from having the horrible fancy that he had done it ! What was the good of having a God that would not do that much for you, but left His creatures to make the most horrible fools of themselves, and only laugh at thora? Bah! There was life in the old dog yet! If only he could know that he had fancied the whole thing 1 The music ceased, and the silence was a shock to him, and again he began to stare about him. He looked up, and there in the gallery, but seeming to his misty sight in the dim chapel to come out of the wall, was the pale face of the girl he did not know whether he had or had not murdered. He took her for one of his visions. For, while in conference with any one he showed himself perfectly capable, he was now constantly subject not only to illusions, but to bewildering complications, of the real with the things it suggested, which, if they did not appear quite actual in themselves, brought about at least a common tone by reducing the force of the real ; so that the man moved and acted for the time in a world of subdued fact and enhanced fiction. But, while she appeared as a vision, there was not therefore any more unreality to him in the appearance than in any other appearance. She came at least from the world of his imagina- tion, to him, alas ! now the readiest of all-to the degree that sometimes, in the moods of believing, in a world beyond this, it was that into which he would certainly stop the moment he left the body. She looked sweetly at him ! She had come to forgive his sins ! For Arctura, who had never thought with bitterness of her uncle's cruelty, had always thought of him pitifully, had often longed for the opportunity of letting him know that she had him in her heart still. Therefore, looking down, and seeing him there, she regarded him with an expression which told on the good still left in his mind. Was it then true '! Was there no sign of murder on his soul? Had he walked from a horrid' dream, and was she there to assure him that he might yet look with hope to the world to come? He stretched out his arms towards her. She turned away, and he thought she had vanished. But it was only to fly down the stair. The next moment she was in the chapel, and had taken the old man in her arms. He had not heard her, and was still gazing at the spot she had left. The contact of the material so startled him, causing such a revulsion, that he uttered a loud cry, shoved her from him, and stood looking at her in worse perplexity than over. Knowledge and fact seemed face to face opposed to each other. The impossible thing was the actual ! The awful thing he had done, yet had not done it ! Not merely the impossible, the absolutely contradictory in both its members was before him! He stood as one bound to know the thing that could not be. " Don't be frightened, uncle," said Arctura. " I am not dead. You left me to die ; but see, the place of death has become a place of praise ; the sepulchre was always the only resurrection house ! Here I am alive I Oh, uncle I think God 1" The girl stood motionless. His eyes were fixed upon her. His lips moved tremulously once or twice, but, no word came. How much he took us of what she was saying, who can tell? At last he turned from her, glanced round the place, and said, " This is a great improvement !" I wonder how it would be with some souls, if they were to wake up and find all the sins they had committed in this life were but more or less hideous dreams ! How many of them would then loathe the sin itself ? How many would remain capable of doing the sume things over again? And how many burdened souls are there, who have not an idea of the power that lies in God's forgiveness to cleanse their consciousness from the defilement of what they have done, and who will not know it the least better for being told it, but will continue to say "Even God cannot destroy the fact that I have done so !" Such care more about their own cursed shame than their Father's blessed truth ! Such will rather excuse than confess. When a man confesses freely, and leaves excuse to God, then the truth makes him free, and he knows that the evil has gone from him, was a man knows that he is cured of his plague. " I did the thing, but I could not do it now ; I am the same, yet not the same. I confess, I would not hide it, but I loathe it- and ten times the more that the evil thing was mine." Had the earl been able to say this, he would have found his BOUR a cleansed chapel, new opened to the light and air nay better, a fresh watered garden, in which the fruits of the spirit had begun to grow But not yet, also, not yet is what has to be said over so many souls I If only they were burdened to begin with ! But when they go quite satisfied to inhabit rottenness, never perceiving that the thing nearest them, except God, whom they need as little is corruption God's forgiveness is as the burst of a spring morning into the heart of winter and he will make us pay the uttermost farthing: to lotus go without, that would be the forgiveness of a demon, not of the eternally loving God. 1 Arctura could say nothing more. She turned and walked out and up the great slab-, her- uncle following her, She felt as if he might be preparing to stab her in the back as they went, but she would not even look behind her no such thought was in the man, for, at the moment, no demon happened to be by his pal- to suggest it to him, and even then there might have been a more prudent demon at the other ear to dissuade him on the public stair The poor earl had almost ceased to be a man ; but then who is a man that acts from impulse and not from right? The disappointment was to Arctura a great shock. Not once looking behind her, she went to her room, rang the bell, sent for Donal, and told him what had passed. "I will go to him," said Donal and Arctura said nothing more, leaving the whole matter in his hands. The earl was in his own room, which was just as he had left it. Donal found him lying on the couch. ' "My lord," he said, "you must be aware that there are reasons why you should not Present yourself here in your niece's house." He started from the sofa in one of his ready rages ; whatever his vision.) might be, his rages were real enough. The language he used ) need not repeat ; I have given a slight flavour, and no more, of the kind of thing already. With all the names of contempt and hatred he could heap upon him be ordered Donal out of the room and out of the house. Donal stood and answered nothing till the rush of his wrath had somewhat abated. Then he spoke. "My lord," he said, " there is nothing I would not do to serve your lordship. I would go on my knees to you to make you sorry. But I have now to tell you, with OH little offence as may be, that if you do not walk quietly out of the house you must be expelled luce any other intruder." " Intruder 1 you dog!" "Intruder, my lord-the worst that could show himself hero! The man who would murder his hostess, his brother's child I do not mince matters, my lord is surely the worst of intruders." "Good heavens" cried the earl, changing his tone with an attempted laugh, has the poor hysterical girl succeeded in filling a man of common sense like you with her childish ridiculous fancies? I never moved a finger to injure her since the day I took her first in my arms when she was two hours old." "You must excuse me for preferring my lady's testimony to yours, my lord," said Donald. The earl caught up the poker and made a blow at his head. Donal avoided it. The blow fell on the marble chimney-piece and broke it. Donal wrenched the poker from him, while his arm was yet jarred by the impact. "My lord," he said, " if you do not know that what you have just said is not true, it is because you have made yourself unable to distinguish between fact and imagination. I myself unchained her from the bed in the chapel where you had left her to die. You were yet in the house when I did so. I locked the door, so that you could not enter again. I have the key now." " You damned rascal ! if it had not been for you then I should have gone again presently, and saved her life, and made her come to terms." " But as you had lost the key, and feared to expose yourself, rather than that you went away and left her to perish. And you wanted to compel her to marry your son, on the ground that the title and the property ought to go together, when with my own ears I heard your lordship tell him that he had no right whatever to any title." " What a man may say in a rage goes for nothing," said the earl, but rather sulkily than fiercely. . . "No so with what a wife writes in sorrow," said Donal. "I have heard the truth from your late wife as well as from your own mouth," said Donald, not carefully considering his words. "The testimony of the dead will hardly be taken at second hand in any law court," re- joined the earl. "If after your lordship's death the man who is now called Forguo should dare to assume the title of Morven, I will publish the fact and court inquiry. As to the title I care nothing, but he shall succeed to no property if I can prevent it he is too unworthy. Then let him, if he can, produce the proofs of your marriage. And now, my lord, I must again beg you to leave the house, else I must make you. His lordship glanced round the room as if looking for another weapon. Donal took him by the arra. "There is no room for more ceremony, he said. "I shall be sorry to be rough with your lordship, but you will compel me. Please remember I am the younger and the stronger man." As he spoke he let the cart feel the plough- man's grasp on his arm. Lord Morven saw it was useless to struggle. He threw himself again on the couch. "I will not leave the house ; I am come home to die," he cried, almost with a shriek. "I am dying, I tell you ; I cannot leave the house. Besides, I have no money. Forguo has got it all." "There is a large sum due to the estate unaccounted for," said Donal. "It is lost-all lost, I tell you. I have no- where to go to, and I am dying" !" He did look so utterly wretched, and indeed all, that Donal's heart smote him. He stood back a little from him, and gave himself time, " You would wish then to retire, my lord, I suppose ?" he said, after his pause. " The sooner to be rid of you !" was the girl's answer. ( " " I fear, my lord, if you will stay here, you are not so soon to get rid of the Have you brought Simmons with you, may I ask?" "No, damn him ! He is like the rest of you ; he has left me." I will help you to bed, my lord." " Go about your business. I will got myself to bed." "I will not leave you till I see you in bed,'' said Donal with decision, and rang the bell. When the servant came he desired that Mrs. Brookes would come to him. She came instantly. more his lordship had had to look at her from where he lay on the couch, Donal asked her to be so good as to get his lordship's bed ready : if she would not mind doing it. herself, he would help her he must see his lordship to bed himself. She looked whole books at him, but said nothing, Donal returned her gaze with one of quiet confidence, which she read, and correctly, as meaning, " I know what I am doing, Mistress Brookes. My lady must not turn him out. I will take care he does no mischief." "What are you two whispering at there's cried (the earl ; there had not been the ghost of, a whisper I "Here am I at the point of death, and you will not let me go to bed 1" " Your room will be ready in five minutes, my lord," said Mrs. Brookes, and the two set to work in earnest. When it was ready, " Now, my lord," said Donal, returning to the sitting-room, " will you come ?" " When you are gone, I will have none of your cursed help." "My lord, I am not going to leave you." With lunch grumbling, and a very ill grace, his lordship submitted, and Donal got him to bed. " Now put that cabinet by fire on the table," he said. It was that in which he kept his drugs, and was just as he had left it, Donnl opened the window, took up the cabinet, and threw it out bodily. With a bellow like that of a bull, the 'Carl sprang out of bed, just as the crash reached their ears from below. He ran at Douai as if he would have sent him after the cabinet. Donal caught him and held him fast. " My lord," he said, " I will nurse you, serve you, do any thing for you ; but for the devil I'll be damned if I move hand or foot. Not one drop of that hellish stuff shall pass your lips while I can help it." " But I shall die of the horrors !" shrieked the earl, struggling to get, to the window, as if he could yet do something to save his precious extracts, tinctures, and compounds. "We will send for the doctor," said Donal, "Avery clever young fellow has come to the town shire you left ; perhaps he will be able to help you. I mean to do what I can to make your life of some value to yourself." " None of that damned rubbish I My life is of no end of value to me as it is. Besides, it's too late. If I were young now, with a constitu- tion like yours, and the world before me, there might be some good in a passage or two of self denial ; but what's the use of not stabbingyour murderer for fear the clasp- knife close on your hand, or not tiring your pistol at him for fear of its bursting and blowing your brains out?" "I have no desire to keep you alive, my lord ; I only wish to let you get some of the good of this world before you pass on to the next. Not to lengthen your life infinitely would have a hand in giving you one drop more of any one of those cursed drugs." He rang the bell again, " You're a friendly THow, granted his lord- ship, and went to his bed to meditate how to gain his desires. Airs, Brookes came. " " Will you send down fo Mr. Avory, the new surgeon, said Donal, and ask him, in my name, to be so good as to come up to flic castle? The earl was really ill so ill that he was himself doubtful, much as he desired them, whither, while render ing him loss sensible to them, any of his drugs would do other than increase his sufferings., He lay with closed eyes, a terrible expression of pain and of something like fear every now and then passing over his face. I doubt if his conscience troubled him much. It is in general those who through comparatively small sins have come to see the true nature of those whose consciences trouble) Ilioin greatly: Those who have been able to go on from bad to worse through many years of moral decay are seldom troubled as other men, or have any bands in their death. His lordship, it is true, suffered terribly at times because of the things he had done ; but it was through the medium of a roused imagination and not through a roused conscience though doubtless the conscience was at the root of the rousing of the imagination. J To declared he would have no doctor but his old attendant Douster; yet all the time he was longing for the young man to appear, and do what he could to save him from the dreaded jaws of death. [TO IIB OTNTINOT.D.] Hor lJlttors luiH restored to sobriety and health lion loot wrecks from intemperance. lJerusc all. 'I'm: recent silver discoveries in Sierra Esmeralda on the Capiopo, Chili, are still creating considerable excitement, and numerous parties of prospectors have left for the new field. A correspondent at, Atacaran says that the new discovery is important, the field liebig three leagues in extent and the ores of high grade. Upwards of 400 prospectors are on the ground. Tin; London Zanett warns the "city men," that is the business men, that they are wearing themselves out with unnecessary hurry and bustle. It also tells physicians that they would do far more to prevent the spread of nervous disease if they undertook to cure this vicious mental habit than they can hope to do by deal- ing only with the particular ills which come from it. A itM'OHT is published in the New York World to the effect that the notice of the State department has been called to the British seizure of a fortification on an island near the eastern terminus of the Panama Canal, and that some action is expected to be taken by the Foreign Relations Committee of the House of Representatives, The S. M. Herald's correspondent sends a depressing report as to the progress made by the engineers at the canal. A PAINFUL. incident occurred in the Italian Chamber of Deputies on the 6th December Signor Nicotcra grossly insulted Signor Lovito, the Secretary for Home Affairs, in the lobby of the House, declaring that he did so because his chief, Signor Depretis, was protected by his age. As a group of friends interfered to prevent violence, Signor Nicotera exclaimed, "Though I cannot strike you, I spit upon you." A challenge has been sent, and seconds have been appointed, Signor Nicotcra states that he was driven to this course owing to a certain Signor Calabritto, who had written a pamphlet regarding him of a very insulting nature, having obtained Government employment. The action of Signor Nicotora is generally, censured, especially in view of his being regarded as a candidate for the post of Minister of the Interior in a future Cabinet. We: hear a good deal sometimes about the shortcomings of the Railway Department ; but very little is ever said of the unreasonableness and, I may say, the outrageousncs3 of some of its customers. If a spring breaks, and they are kept waiting three or four hours, there will be a bigger storm of reproach than if the Department of Justice had killed some one. Then in traffic affairs we see the same thing. A produce dealer in town got some hay brought down the line and paid the freight on demand, amounting to some 27s.; but when some days later he discovered that it had previously been paid at the other end he applied at once for a refund. No one likes to give up money he has once got a hold of, and a railway department in any country in the world has a good deal of human nature in this respect. To the honour of the Queensland Railway Department be it recorded, they agreed to refund that 27s. at least, 26s. lid. of it. That was where the rub carne. Determined to carry out the provisions of the Stamp Act they insisted on keeping back Id. for this purpose, and after expending something less than half-a-crown in stationery and cab fares the merchant gave in, and went on his way grumbling. I hear some people are now objecting to a little arrangement of the goods classification intended to compensate Queensland farmers for the difficulty of getting produce carried on our lines. It seems that a quantity of hay of Queensland growth will be carried a certain distance for this. 6d., but if the hay be imported the charge is £3 12s. 6d. We are all free traders in this colony ; but this is done just to encourage the local farmers and produce dealers. How the railway people tell Queensland hay from imported it's hard to say; but I imagine they take people's word for it. Virtue is its own reward, and certainly in this case it has to be, for he who tells the truth has to pay extra for itself uyjijoJT. 