GENERAL NEWS. THE CALCUTTA EXHIBITION. TFrom our own Correspondent. J Calcutta, January vi, Since my last letter the Exhibition autho rities and the exhibitors have had all their time taken up in appointing Juries, which have now all been appointed, and are in fnll swing. I hope they will give satisfaction, but there seems to be some little incongruity in some of the appointments. Of course, because a man's business is that of a carriage builder it by no means follows that he is not a good judge of wine and pickles; but it does seem at any rate more reasonable that a man who by his daily ai&tirs; is connected with such things would make a more satisfactory judge. Such an appointment has been made, and no doubt it is a good one \ but prima facie it looks at leaBt rather curious. There are some others of a similar nature, but 1 do \- not mean to pick a lot of holes in the appoint ments of Jurors. The exhibitors have them selves elected them, so it must be considered satisfactory. I will not worry your readers with a complete list of the Jurors, as I do not think it would be necessary; but as wine is one of the most im portant, if not quite so, of your exhibits, your readers may probably like to know on whose opinion the verdict on wines will depend. Some of them are well known to you, and are, I should think, fit and proper persons; but the Calcutta nominees may be considered a little less satisfactory. Mr. Faber, an Austrian gentleman, and well known as the Judge at the Bordeaux Exhibi tion. is the Chairman, and is undoubtedly a good appointment. M. Cabasse, a French gentleman, is one of the Jurors. Mr. J. C. Armstrong, the Collector of Customs, Cal cutta, is another. His office alcne makes him a good Judge, in addition to which he is the Chairman of the Wine Committee of the Bengal Club. Dr. Harvey, a medical gentleman in the Government service, and with a large private business, probably has a fair idea of wines and their chemical constituents. Mr. Eanch, who is, I believe, a native of Mel bourne, is probably known in Adelaide. Mr. Dejoux and Mr. JReed are, 1 should have thought, more at home in their respective businesses of an engineer and builder and carriage-building, but I believe the former is a scientific man. Of Mr. Brockman and Mr. Laurent, the remaining Jurors, 1 know nothing. And The system of bringing the Juries together nf hrinpinc the exhibits before them for adjudication is a very troublesome one, and gives a great deal oi trouble to the exhibi tors. So many forms and schedules have to i>e filled up describing the nature and quality of the exhibit and Betting out any particular points required to be brought before the J ury, and so much red tape generally surrounds the whole procedure, tnat it is quite a difficult job to get your things in at all. I suppose the course adopted follows the general course of red tape and circumlocution usual in Govern ment offices, especially in Indian public departments. '1 he attendance continues good, and from 10,000 to 12,000 persons pass the gate in the four anna days. The promenade is quite a favourite re sort, especially on a Saturday evening, when large numbers attend there and listen to the music ol some native military band. The electric light is not very effective, and cannot be got to burn at all on the band-stand. Around the promenade a number of handsome iron and bronzed buddings are erected, consisting of lamps, fountains, and other light buildings, exhibited by tne Sun Iron Works, Glasgow. The two light railways exhibited by the Deaconville Company and the Fowler Company Btart from near by, aud convey passengers either free or at a nominal rate about the grounds. At the other end, in a large shed originally intended for .carriages, Mr. Woodroffe and his young lady assistant of 1 " ' attract large numbers of visitors to see their clever manipulation of glass and glassware. The glasB bonnet is a wonderful specimen of what can be done with this material, and a .most elaborate steam-engine, the whole of which—boilers, lamp, beams, pistons, tubes, wheels, and cranks—is composed entirely of glass, works away as merrily and easily as if glass were the proper material for steam-engines. It is really a most ingenious construction. They also show a large scene with full-sized wax figures of Mo3es striking the rock, and in an interior apartment are a number of wax anatomical modes, including two full-size figures, which open and exhibit all the interior organization of the human frame divine. More instructive than pleasant most people think. A few days ago there was an exhibition by Messrs. Fowler & Co. of their steamploughs in the presence of .a large concourse, includ ing the Governor- General. The ease with which the work was done, the straightness and depth of the furrow, was a source of con siderable astonishment to the native. You would .probably not naturally suppose that the native ploughman ploughs in a circle, in a spiral form, commencing in the centre or on the outside of the field, and nlouahiner. or rather scratching, the ground in a circular form, the circlesbecoming less 01 greater as the case may be, until the whole field is in dented with a farrow an inch or two deep. The process is shown in the model village I have previously alluded to in the centre aisle. With respect to the tenoning machine, after writing several letters to the P. ft 0. Company without result, Mr. Scott at length received a reply, giving as an excuse for the delay that the Superintendent had been absent. He only, howeyer, says that he will have a proper enquiry made, but admits nothing. It is the general belief amongst the Aus tralian representatives that as long as the trade is in the hands of the P. & O. Company It will never be anything, and that if it he intended really to create a trade between here and Australia the first step to be taken must be to start,a line of shipping. To do this in connection with the horse scheme ought to result in good things. I understand that such a line has been proposed, making the complete circle of the continent, ana calling at all the principal ports on the voyage and return. This would not only facilitate trade, but would foster friendly relations between tbe two places. Many of us would like to spend ournolidays in Australia, but as long as it costs the same money as it does to go home to England we naturally choose a viBit to tbe old country. But a voyage of a few days to Port Darwin and a railway journey through tbe whole continent to Ade laide may facilitate matters, though, per haps, the railway trip may not be so very pleasant. .With reference to the incapacity or defects in the P. ft O. Company, I may mention that out of the 225 cases of wine shipped from Adelaide, in part of Mr. Scott's wire for 500 dozen, 114 cases have been short delivered, and the whereabouts of the re mainder is utterly, unknown. The tranship ment at Colombo is probably the cause ; but seeing that this consignment was what we all hope may be the starting of a large trade, it shows a lamentable want of an appreciation of the circumstances by the F. & 0\. Company to make such a bad job of the first attempt. Apart from Exhibition matters, you will be glad to learn that the ship Newcomen, which leaves here in a few days, carries to the Acclimatization Society, Adelaide, a pair each of hyaenas, bears, Indian antelopes, spotted deer, and monkeys, which Dr. Ander son, one of tne principal Superintendents of the Calcutta Zoological Gardens, has pre sented, at the request of Mr. Scott, to the Society. A tiger is also promised, but will have to go later. The exhibitors are getting up a Club, as they do not meet with the hospitality they anticipated, and require something of the sort to amuse them. Everywheie else they have been to they have been made free of the ClnbB, but Calcutta acts differently to other places. ASSAM. The first court to the left on entering the Indian building from the bridge, and oc cupying a portion of what I believe I have before described as the corridor surrounding the whole building, contains a small collection of interesting ana curious objects from this land of tea, jungle, tigers, and elephants. The entrance ib spanned by an arched screen with three entrances, one of which is guarded by a Naga warrior. The Nagas are one of the aboriginal tribes of AsBam, and give a good deal of trouble, being a warlike and ardy race and difficult to manage. Every now and again ne hear of a Naga raid and a little war. The arch is almost hidden with the prolusion of carpets, cloths, mus lins, and' other textiles hung upon it. Some skulls of deer, with peculiar horns, apparently fixed into the head in the middle growing both upwards and downwards, are fixed up to the screen. The Nagas decorate their weapons, head-dresses, helmets, &c.;, with the hair of their enemies slain in battle, and long snears decorated with many tufts of hair, alleged to be human, are very frequently to be found in the houses of Europeans amongst their curiosities. There are a number of these weapons on the screen and about the court, also shields and wonderful-shaped helmets or hats, such as are used when the Naga warrior disports himself in full warpaint on some festive occasion, and shows himself off in all his warlike bravery before the assembled Naga youth and beauty. The shields are of wood, leather, and skins, including tigerskins, and are profusely decorated with feathers and human hair, bearskins, shells, and such-like, and are very long, narrow oblong-shaped affairs, about five feet in length, so that the gallant warrior can pretty well cover himself. Amongst the large number of textile fabrics shown in the court, the greater part of which are contributed by the District of Mauipur, are some very fine muslins, almost equal to the world-renowned Dacca muslins, and a great variety of silk, consisting of scarfs, and in pieces both plain and embroidered. There is nothing very particular about them, witb tbe exception of one kind which never wears out ana gets all the brighter the older it grows; it is called Mutka, and if all said of it be true it would be a useful article. Tbe jewellery is not very elaborate, but there is a show of roughly executed gold and enamelled work, and some silver vessels and vases of all sorts. There are also a few ivory carvings, of no great artistic value if you leave out two mats beautifully made out of fine strips of ivory woven together. These are made with very great care and labour, and are valued at a pretty high price; the smaller one of the two, and about five or six feet in length, is put down at about Rl,40O. The ivory has to be cut in long strips somehow, and must cause an immense amount of labour, let alone the delicate work of putting it together. Standing sentinel at the two side entrances are two full-sized figures of a Nsga warrior and a boatman, very elaborately dressed. The warrior is in war attire, holding a long spear with a profusion of human hair hang ing to it. He has a sort of cap at the back of his head with six or eight long leathers sticking straight out all round, like the spokes of a wheel, about two feet long. He looks veiy fit and ready for business. The boatman holds a paddle and wears an enormous turban, brought to a point in front, which is carried back to the back part of the head, joining on to a bunch of feathers. Another part of the turban is tied round his chin and then hangs to the ground. Hear these folk is a full-sized Munipoori pony, saddled and bridled, and ready at all pointsforpolo, which is a national game in Assam. The saddle is the usual high, bulky arrangement familiar to us here, and there are enormous flaps of leather at both flanks of the pony,as leg-guards. Of course the bridle and trappings are gay and befringed, and all over little knobs. Some years ago 1 remem ber a number of Munipoories came to Caleutta to try their skill at polo against us, aad were mounted ou steeds exactly like this. This pony carries two quivers lull 01 arrows in addition. Amongst other things there is a glass case of insects, a blanket from the Garrow Hills consisting merely of the bark of a tree, of great endurance and warmth, and not prepared in any way except by a little heating—some cotton worked in gold, and some embroidery on cotton; some toys, a pair of very long rhinoceros horns with the skulls, and a pair of very handsome silver mounted choppers, or large knives, called dhows, There is also an oil-painting of a girl from the Cossya Hills in the natural costume of striped cotton. This is not the work of a native artist, but that of a Euro pean gentleman, and is exhibited to show the type and dress. Some other curiosities there are. amongst which may be particularly men tioned a pair of ivory chairs and a small ottoman, the seat of which is Supported by deer-horns. THE BURMESE COURT. Since 1 last described this court, or at tempted to do so," it has been very consider ably elaborated, and I am not sure but what it is one of the most interesting of all the Indian courts. The dragons who guard the entrance have been a good deal toned down with regard to colour; the blue spots have disappeared, and the general body of colour is a sort of stone-grey, but the eves, mouth, teeth, and some other parts, ana the coping of the wall are colonredfin the neat, but not gaudy red-blue-and-yellow taste generally prevalent in India, both within ana beyona the Ganges. Burmah is a great place for gongs, made of most musical metal in all shapes. A number of these are exhibited, giving forth every description of sound, high, low, and middling, but all most musical, and of good tone. We use them here to announce visitors, for dinner-bells, and such-like, and the new arrival in Calcutta or paying a visit is saluted with a tremendous boom on driving through the gate, generally speaking much to his disconcertment. Bnt the great success of the court is the wood carving, which is most intricate and elaborate, and in my opinion excels, or at any rate equals, any other carving in the Exhibi tion. The carver cats right through the wood and not merely on the surface, and the wood need is three or four inches thick, so that the effect is very handsome. The gen-rat pattern is grotesque, with complicated floral scrolls surrounding. There are several side boards, which certainly are the most hand some articles of that description I have ever seen. The shape is the ordinary one of a cross-piece, with or without drawers resting on two side pieces containing doors, the centre place being vacant. The panels of the doors are carved very handsomely, and are supported by large and splendidly designed grotesque figures of dragons and other impos sible creatures at the sides. The top part is also carved with great finish and elaboration, and the back part is a splendid piece of work, about three feet high and perhaps three inches thick, every inch of it carved in the way 2 have above men tioned, right through the wood, scrolls of flowers or plants twining and turning ronnd and roand and running into each other, and here and there in the midst of it all and serving as starting points are comical faces, looking very grotesque, but all bearing an amiable expression. A description of one serves for all, for they are all more or less of the same style of .work, differing in patterns only and in more or less completeness of detail. There are other articles of furniture carved in the same style, one of which is an extremely handsome gong-stand, the whole screen being carved in the way already indi cated, a circular space iu the centre being left for the gong. Another piece of carving in the Bame style is a beautiful piece of work intended for tbe stern of a native boat, and some other pieces intended for screens. The prices dfo not seem to be very high, and a good many have been purchased. In my opinion the seeker of something as a memento of the Exhibition and of specimens of Eastern art could not do better than invest his money here. I know of nothing handsomer in combination with prac tical utility than the sideboards, which are well worthy of any gentleman's dining room, though the particular articles here ex hibited are on loan from the Rangoon Muni cipality, but doubtless duplicates could be obtained. Another fine piece of work is a looking-glass or gong-frame. I cannot tell quite which, but it would do for either. A carved low stand, on which is placed a large capitally executed elephant in ebony or blackwood, bearing on his back the frame work for the mirror or gong, as the case may be, of the kind of carving above mentioned. A mahout sits on the elephant's head, appa rently sharpening some sort of weapon, and looking as if he were about to do a little fighting. Near bv is a large eartbern vessel covered with thick ornamentation, something like the style of the wood carving. I should have mentioned that all the wood is teak, and the articles are unpolished. Another very beautiful class of exhibits is the silver work. Now, I do not pretend to be a judge of this sort of thing, and perhaps am liable to be taken in by appearance, but I was certainly very much pleased with the case containing this. It is m all sorts of shapes teapots, cups, candelabras, presentation pieces, and large round nondescript-looking dowIs with lids, which might be put to almost any use, according to one's fancy. The general style and design of some of the more pretentious pieces, sueh as a presentation piece of plate in thecentre, are excellent, and compare very well with some of the European shops. In fact, from the general appearance I should think the whole art had been revived under European care and supervi sion, for some old-style articles exhibited show quite a different and (to my idea) not nearly so elegant a Btyle, though I understand that connoisseurs say that the old style shows much more fineness of work and general finish than the new. The later-fashioned specimens, and those which please me moBt, are apparently beaten out in the usual native ' work into small casts or models, and the pattern stands out in very high relief, and consists, like the wood-carving, of gro tesque faces, surrounded with foliage and that nameless kind of work, with no apparent meaning in it, generally disposed of for want of a better name as scroll-work. The work is evidently new, and the exhibits all look bright and white. A number of Burmese swords, with hilts aud scabbards in the same style of silver work, are placed one under the other at the back of the case. The Burmese sword is a curious looking weapon ; it has a very slight curve, and the handle is a straight piece, with neither guard nor hilt. There are daggers of exactly the same shape and work; the only difference between them and the swords is in the length. The old specimens of silver work are apparently wrought in a different manner —I should say engraved, the x>attern being cut into the surface. The design is not nearly so good, and is of the unadulterated native style. Whatever those who know best may sav I nrefer the newer work. In the same case are exhibited some elabo rate ivory carvings, and in this I hear the same remark applied as to the silver, viz., that the old delicate, beautifully-fine style has been lost, and that the newer workmen cover that defect hy a more elabo rate and florid style, which, on being closely inspected, however, is coarser than the old art. It may be so, but I must say there are some very beautiful articles exhibited of the present fashion which catch one's fancy wonderfully. Tiie largest and most attractive is a carved elephant's tusk. The design consists of a number of figures of Buddha seated on a sort of throne carved right out of the centre of the ivory, so that yon can look at it from all sides. These figures occur at intervals, becoming smaller as the point of the tusk is reached, the intervals being filled up with scroll and foliage carved through, with other bits of carving inside. It is a most elaborate piece of work, but I will not say I have not seen better in China. Another handsome piece of work is apparently carved out of the rounded point of a tusk, and is a sort of cage of foliated trellis work, with a figure of Buddha inside. It is carved out of one piece, and like so many of the ivory works from China and Japan, the wonder is not alone in the delicacy of the work itself, but in the way the artist is able to cnt the figures and ornamen tation inside. There are many other speci mens of the same kind of carving, and some sword-handles, together with models of bullock-carts, Buddha, and other matters, bnt those I have described are the best. The Burmese are.great in a kind of work called applequ^, and round the court is a broad band five or six feet wide of this work, which, together with the gilt and the other colours, give the place a very brilliant, not to say highly coloured appearance. This band consists of a strip of red cloth, with a broad border all round top, bottom, and sides, of woolwork made of stitches about balf an inch long, close together, and of brilliant colours. The centre part shows a number of figures and scenery, and depicts, I believe, incidents in the life of Buadha. The figures, trees, houses, and the various parts of each of these are cut out of cloth, talc, ivory, and other suitable materials, and are stitched on to the cloth with very great care, and are most .Bkilfully put together. The whole effect is excellent, tne figures and scenery standing ont most distinctly and boldly; bnt it muBt require a deal of labour. Had Penelope worked apiece of work of this kind I think she need not have put herself to the labour of undoing her day's work at night. There is a large oblong screen of the woolwork on cloth in a very brilliant and. effective style. One stand in this court is devoted to toys, small models, and curiouB musical instru ments. The toys are horribly grotesque horses, with dragons' wings ana impossible heads and mouths, huge birds with ele phants' heads, trunk, tusks, and all, with other utterly absurd ana dreadful looking creatures. The point of them all is in the way the body and limbs, heads, mouths, &c.; are jointed and attached to a number of strings carried through the body and all fastened to a small stick over it, so that on holding and moving it about the toy assumes fearful attitudes—opens and shuts its mouth, wags its tail, and performs other dreadful contortions. These articles, though indicating a sense of the grotesque and comic in our Burmese friends, would in all proba bility create an indefinable dread of ghosts and other horrible creatures in our little ones. Boats arranged so as to form small string instruments, tiny fiddles in different shapes, and other Burmese musical instru ments of sorts, together with models of carts, junks, and other nicknacks fill up the rest of this stand, which altogether at any rate is a very amusing one. I should further add that the tall pagoda-like erection of card board and tinsel, which I at first described as a Hindoo Mundir or temple, I have since learned to be a Burmese funeral pyre. MADRAS. I do not think I have yet given any account of this court, which occupies the two end spaces at the west side of the Indian annexe, including a portion of the centre aisle. The exhibits, like all the rest of the articles shown by the Indian Courts generally, con sist principally of what are generally Known as Indian curiosities, and many of our friends at home who poeseBB small collections sent out by thoughtful friends in India would here recognise many familiar articles in the carved boxes, paper-knives, trays, work boxes, inksfShds, and innumerable other articles of that class in sandalwood, ivory, ebony, and in ivory inlaid on sandal wood and ebony, which are crowded into every kind of case in this court. There are thousands of such little articles, most of which appear to have been sold. There is a great similarity in the carving of these articles—certainly very pretty, however, and making very elegant nicknacks for the drawing-room and ladies' boudouir. There are too many to be able to enter into details, but there is one which calls for more particular notice. It is a jewel-box of tortoise-shell, covered with a most exquisitely carved fretwork of ivory, consisting of Hindu deities and floriated scrollwork. The carving is most delicately done, and the pattern complicated ana elaborate. These little nicknacks, as 1 have said, form the greater part of the exhibits, but there are numerous others of a different description. Amongst these are some very fine muslins—some plain, others embroidered in cotton, others in silk, others in gold and silver threads, and others with beetles' wings. Then there is a quantity of lace contributed by the Mission'School at Nags re oil in Travan core. The general decoration of the court is effected by cotton hangings covered with paintings—scenes from theHindoo mythology. Two large oil'paintings also cover a good deal of wall space, and depict some members of the Royal Family of Tiravancore. Of larger specimens of wood carvings, there are two consisting of a sideboard aua bed most elabo rately carved in blackwood." To enter into a little more detailed account of this court—which one is able to do by means of the useful catalogue—I may mention that the two oil paintings represent the brother and the wife of the Rajah of Tra van core. Resides these, which exhibit influences of European instruction aud possess no particular artistic merit, are some true native productions in ivory and talc, representing types of Dative occupations, and a number of photo graphs of Madras scenery. A fair number of drums and other musical instruments are shown, perhaps the most interesting of which is a couch-shell, and some whiBtles and flutes of bamboo, the instrument used by the snake charmer, consisting of a bottle gourd, with the mouth-pipe at the smaller end, aud three tubes at the other end, all open ing into one brass bell. Two of the tubes are supplied with holes for notes, the centre being the chanter, the others onlv drones. It makes a dismal sound. Several other curious instruments are shown, including a kind of bagpipe, a Jew's-harp, a sort of guitar similar to that used by the ancient Egyptians and Assyrians, the chittara —from which the European guitar has been copied—and lastly, a sort of violin, cut out of a tree-branch, hollowed and covered with skin. The sideboard I mentioned above is the work of Madras carpenters and is of the Elizabethan style, being copied from a draw ing, and the bedstead is copied from a Byzan tine design. In decorative work, a number of fans are exhibited, some of painted palm leaves and of other kinds, some pretty table mats for dishes, &c.;, of thin leather, hand painted—the design in some instances being very original, such as dancing girls arranged in forms of an elephant, horse, or such-like. These latter are kept in lacquer boxes orna mented with highly coloured flowers in relief. There are some pretty snuff- boxes carved out of cocoanut shells, made by hill men from Gunjam. There are a number of mythological figures carved in red wood made in large numbers in Tirapati and sold to pilgrims to the sacred hill there Amongst other carvings in wood is a small Elate of carved ebony from Trichinopoly. It as as a centre a disc of floral design, a fluted cove, and a flat margin, crowded with flowers and fruits deeply cut and well executed. A number of sandalwood boxes, all elaborately carved, are exhibited from Mysoite, Travan core, and Canara, where this art is principally cultivated. The Canara box iB very profuse in ornamentation and in high relief. One kind of work, known as Vizagapatara work, is exhibited in considerable quantities, and embraces workboxes, cardcases, ink stands, chessboards, and other small articles, made chiefly of sandalwood inlaid with ivory, fretwork, lortoiseshell, and horn. The surface of the ivory is generally adorned with etchings in black of mythological figures or floral forms, the workmanship very excellent, and price pretty high. The finest specimen of this kmd of work is nndoubtedly the jewel-Sox I have above referred to. It is not very large—twelve inches by nine and seven, or thereabouts— and the ivory, instead of being etched as usual, is carved out in the most minute detail. A variety of-specimens of brassware, with copper and silver inlaid, amounting to a rude kind [of damascene, from TirupatJ, is exhi bited in the shape of trays, goblets, and other vessels. The patterns are stamped into the brass, and into the figures are stamped thin plates of copper and silver and hammered in. These plates are worked into the utensil; in any sort of order or disorder, and ap parently without design, and the details of the -, floral or mythological figures are indicated by punched lines. _ Some better class of these " articles are exhibited, the working of which has teen looked after. Tanjore metal work shown here consists of engraved brass, brasB encrusted with copper, and copper encrusted with silver. In the first description the design is hammered in with a die. The spaces between the figures is then cut away and graved into a granulated appearance. Of course, the work iB rough, and is chiefly used for common brass lotas—the ordinary native drinking vessels—and looks pretty well at a distance. The second kind consists simply of copper figures hammered on to brass vessels and finished off with the graver. The - third class is made in the same way, but a little more trouble is taken over the work on. account of the extra value of the silver. The design is floral and mythological and very profuse. The best specimens exhibited are a large octagonal trav with a large round boss in the centre ana a big copper pot for keeping water, a fine circular tray of copper and silver, and an oblong octagonal tray of brass crusted with copper. There are many others, but I have only picked out those rather superior to the rest. Several wooden toys are exhibited in the shape of cups, goblets, chatties, and other domestic utensils, and, like the well-known Benares toys, are coated with a beautifully bright-coloured lacquer which is impervious to water, and has a quality which is a perfect godBend to the anxious mother, viz., that of not coming off in a child's month. It]is rather curious to learn how this varnish or lacquer is applied. It is composed of lac as a basis mixed _ with the colour ing pigment. The article to be coated is revolved rapidly in the lathe and a stick of the lacquer held to it. The friction creates sufficient heat to melt the lac, and the pressure causes it to adhere. to the wood and leaves a finely polished: surface. Amongst fabrics tbere te a nne specimen ot muslin made at Arni, the art of which from want of encouragement is dying out. It is ■ very fine, and is made with great labour. The most remarkable of the cotton exhibits are the palampores, or bedcovers, which are made use of to decorate the walls of the court. They exhibit scenes from mythology, and sometimes descriptions in the vernacular;. one of them shows a forest scene with a river. The finer specimens are prepared by stencil ling and hand painting. The outline being, drawn on stout pieces of paper, is closely perforated with a needle, through which it is applied to the cloth by rubbing charcoal. The design thus applied is painted in by hand.. They look very well, and are in effect hand painted pictures on cloth. HYDERABAD. While at this end of the building one may as well cross over to the opposite side, and,, passing through tbe handsomely moulded, gilded, and carved triarched gateway, typical; of the architecture of the country, inspect the articles submitted by this the most powerful and important tributary province of. the Indian Kmpire. The Nizam has now gone away, after spending some time here, and lots of money,* and making his yellow carriage and four, with outriders and grooms: in yellow liveries, quite a well-known sight. He was accompanied by some of his African guard, a well-Bet- up set of men, well dressed and better mounted, and all negroes. I believe they could fight well. The Nizam is quite a young fellow, and in February is to be installed into formal possession of his. throne in grand state by the Viceroy in person. Perhaps HSb Lordship is only too glad to hasten his departure from Calcutta. As usual, in the Indian Courts carpets hang from the walls, and adorn the roof, ana native arms in every shape are arranged, in ornamental groups — a grand jplhce- for a bric-a-brac hunter, who could spend' many an interesting hour iu handling and inspecting some of these curious old relics or a bygone age in arms. The one thing, however, which in this court drew my particular attention was a case of magnificent gold-embroidered dresses of great brilliancy,, the property of the late Sir Salar Jung. There is an immense amount of this kind of thing in the different Indian Courts, but I have seen nothing to compare with this, the colour is so good and brilliant. The gold is so close that the whole thing looks like real gold—as if the dresses were really made cf beads of gold, They are very beautiful, and' surpass anything else of the kind in the building. As a matter of fact. I believe it really is composed of tiny plates of gold stitched together. The rest of the court is made up more or less of gold and silver and velvet of colours, agate, matchlocks orna mented with velvet ana gold stocks, daggers,, shields, scimitars, and other similar articles, the whole causing a, most brilliant appear ance. but verv fatiguing to inspect. Mr. H. J. Scott has sent the following let ter to Mr. Coates, Secretary to the Calcutta Exhibition, dated January 22 " Per book-poBt I forward you copies o£ the Asian, containing what I have said about. South Australia. The Jurors are already, at. work, and South Australia takes good points in Pliillipson's ale. The sugars, jams, pickles, are judged, but the result not yet announced. The Government officials give us plenty to do filling up 'official' forms—a copy of which I enclose. I do not see the neces sity for this when we have an official cata logue, but I bow to the powers that be, anu supply all information likely to result in. benefit to South Australia. I enclose a fur ther letter, dated January 7, from Mr. Palmer, Executive Engineer, Saharnnpur. In it you will see that we shall have labour fitted to make the Palmerston and Pine Creek, line if you desire to utilize it. I have not. written to Mr. Simpson (although I intended' to) about the sale of his safe to the Nizam,, but I am sure he will understand it is not negligence, on my part, and that by next, mail he will have a letter. I am informed', by the agents here of the Wallaroo Copper Company that nearly 300 tons have been sold since the Exhibition, opened. This is an advantage to the Com pany, and probably will result in greater trade in this metal. All the Government officials have paid their visits as mentioned, by me in previous letter, in accordance with the commands of the Viceroy, and I have no positive news to give, bnt have every reason to believe that Conrad's meats will have & trial order from the Commissariat Depart ment : and Pulleine's potatoes are acknow ledged by all who have tasted them to be a desiderata for the army on its marches, especially in expeditions on the frontier. Tomato sauce is very good, but it never will make a market here, as tomatoes are indi genous to India, and every family here have its ' Kansama,' who purchases in the market and gives the tomatoes to the cook to pre pare ; and in general they buy their tomatoes and make their own sauce. The rugs and furs sent do not seem to be in demand. I have given more away as presents to officials who have rendered Sonth Australia a favour than I have sold. I do not think there . will be any profit in this lot; in 'fact, we may look upon them as one of the general expenses of the conrt. Mr, Bayfield Moulden was here last Saturday, and he will convey personally his opinion of the court, and whether I have acted wisely in not going to great expense in nseless deco rations which detract from the exhibits, Mr. Mann will also reach home before I can. Mr. Hughes and family are here, and they return on Friday via Singapore and Torres ■ Straits. I have mode every one as com fortable as I could, and all of us go to-night to the ball at Government House. I may bid good-by to my holiday throughout India, ■as I cannot leave here whilst the Jurors are at work." Mr. Scott sends the following letter, which he received from Mr. Palmer, dated -January 7:— "I have to thank you for your letter"of ■ 31st ult. The pamphlet has reached me, but the slips you spoke of as setting forth the laws of assisted emigration were omitted from your letter by oversight and have not reached me. On enquiry I find that all the ■Sinde, Punjaub, and Delhi Railway Co -operative Stores are governed by the head ■store at Lahore, so that price- lists should be sent to the Secretary S.P. and D. Railway Company Co-operative Stores, Lahore, Pun .jaub. .Similarly for the E.S. Railway -address to Jamdlpour, E.S. Railway. I wish to assist the emigrating railway artisans for their own sakes and for the sake of the colony. I am myself a civil •engineer under the Government, engaged in .irrigation works, and with my interests and .relations in South Australia, and I believe I ■ had the pleasure of meeting you in 1879 at Mr. Turton's house at Mount Lofty; at any late if you wish to see canals and come this way I will be glad to do all I can for you. I •have just parted with Messrs. Bosisto and 'Thomson, "The Lobethal woollen exhibits arrived too late, hut the committee expressed them . selves willing to allow them to be placed in the Exhibition as they were in Calcutta, but they would not guarantee that the goods would be examined by the Jurors." 