GENERALITIES. A New York photographer advertises" Babies taken on the fly." Quarrelling avails nothing. Even the forty thieves came to grief by jars. A man got hemmed in by a crowd, and has ever since complained of a stitch in his side. When is a man almost sure to be bounded down ? As soon as he begins to go to the dogs. There is one good thing about leap year, and that is tbat leap-year jokes can only be used once in four years. A Yankee editor, observing that "the census embiaces 17,000,000 women, asks—" Who wouldn't be a censusr An English magazine is speculating as to "the kind of clothes ghosts wear." We always supposed they wore spirit wrappers. "Yes," the Nebraska farmer said, "barbed-wire fence is expensive, but the hired man doesn't stop to rest every time be has to climb it." The sins of the stockbroker are of commission, not omission. No case is known in which he was guilty of the omission of his commission. " It is a curious fact," says some entomologist, " that it is the female mosquito which torments us.' A bachelor thinks that it is not at all curious. School Inspector.—" Well, sir, and what is the plural of baby?' Small hoy—"Twins." (And as it happened it came home to the poor gentleman.) 'J here are said to be 11,000 one-legged men in the United States. One-legged men form the most peaceful and submissive element of the population. They never kick. A Levant paper says tliey are cultivating sponges with success. We have great variety of indigenous "spouges" in the country, but we never think of boasting about them. A good deal of the consolaticn offered in the world is about as solacing as the assurance of the man to bis wife when she fell into the river—" You will find ground at the bottom, my dear." Cook.—" Madam, why are theeggs so small lately?" " Oh, that's the fault of the farmers' wives. They take the eggs from the nest before they have had time to grow to the ordinary Blze." A journal some time ago offered a school prize for the best essay on "Honesty." Of the twenty-three responses received a large proportion proved to have been stolen, and one, a poem, was stolen entire. " Cuisine."— Mistress—" Susan, we're thinking of having a pig's head boiled for dinner. You understand it, 1 suppose 7" Cook—" Oh no, mum, I told you before I came 1 didn't understand game!" —Punch. "Is you gwine to get an overcoat this winter?" asked a darkey of acompanion. "Well,I dunnohow dat's gwine to be," was the reply. " I'e done got my eye on a coat; but de fellah dat owns it keeps his eye on it, too." "What are you going to do with your boy Bill?'' asked one parent ol another. " I think Bill will be a great sculptor," was the reply. "Has he any talent that way 7' " I should say so. He chisels all the hoys out of their marbles." A captain of volunteers, who is a brewer, received the attached note as an excuse from a sergeant for absenting himself from parade:—" June 12, 1833. Captain Hawdon.—Please excuse my non-attend ance, as your ale has made me so stout I cannot get my close to meet.—Yours respectfully, Sergeant Sykes." " Now, then, make baste there, will you, an' give up your ticket I" exclaimed a railway guard to a bandsman in a Northern volunteer corps returning from a review. "Didna I tell ye I've lost itr "Nonsense, man? Feel in your pockets; you cannot hae lost it!" " Can I no T was the drunken reply. " Man, that's naething; Fve lost the big drum I" A rural young lady visited the Philadelphia Zoo logical Garden, and when she returned home she told her mother that one of the monkeys spoke to her. A girl who cannot distinguish a duke from a monkey should be given a few lessons in natural history. The monkey is the more intelligent look ing, but doesn't wear such ridicnlons clothes. The other day a visitor surprised a distinguished professor, who was saying to his baby, On-no No-ny, e mussy tick his little footsy tootsies." Just then be caught sight of bis visitor, blushed, and muttered;—" No, no, yon mnst not expose your pedal extremities by extending them beyond the protecting cover of the blanket, or you will lay your system opeu to attacks of catarrhal affec tions." "Sever would call a boy at mine 'Alias,'" said ' Mrs. Jones, " if I had a hundred to name. Men by that name is allns cnttin' up capers. Here's Alias - Thompson, Alias Williams, Alias the Nighth&wk;— all been took np for steal<n'." At a wedding, where the bride was very dilatory in arriving at the chnrch, a lady remarked concern ing the affair—"Well, the idea of that woman being late in getting here, when she has been > waiting twenty-six years for just such a chance as this," Birds of a Different Feather.—Elderly Gent (who wants to go to C'wapaide)—" I beg pardon, but can yon tell me the best way to get to the Poultry?' Mrs. Goodolesort (who has just purchased a chicken from adjacent shop)—" Dor-a- urassy I Me tell you ? I'll pat the police on yon, you ehop-lif tin' old willin'!"—Fun. Mrs. M. is a practical woman, with no nonsense about her. When Mr. M., in an affectionate way '' the other day, exclaimed, "My dear, how can I ever leave you?' she coolly replied, "Leaveme in as comfortable circumstances as yon can." A young gentleman was passing an examination in pbysics. He was asked " What planets were known to the undents?' "Well, sir," he responded, "there were Venus and Jupiter, and"—after a pause—" I think the Earth, bnt I am not quite certain." A young actress had made ngnal failure In the Bret two acts of a comedy. After the third, in which she did not appear, one of her fellow-actors came up to her with mneh ardour, "Charming, adorable t Your third act qnite redeems the other two." "So, Henry has graduated?' remarked a friend of the family, "What is he to choose as a profes sion ? Take orders, I suppose." " Ah," replied Harry's father, a plain common-sense man, " you don't know the boy. 1 should like to see him taking orders from any one." Two poor parents at a Christening.—Clergyman (in astonishment)—" What name ?' Mother—" Cle mentina Sophonisba Bosalie Celestine Sarah Jane.' Clergyman—" Why on earth give the child ail these names?' Father—"II you please, elr, we've got nothing else to give her," • A penny [or yonr thoughts, wife." " But 1 need what?' "Two pennies." "What ' "Two ■ _ . .. ' For my thoughts." " I do not understand.' " Vou saw my little poem of thoughts, didn't you! " Certainly." " Well, the editor says I must send a two-cent stamp if I want my ' Thoughts' bach." It is not what people eat, but what they digest, . that makes them strong. It is not what they gain, hut what they save, that makes them rich. It is not what they read, but what they remember, that makes them learned; it is not what they profess, but what they practise, that makes them righteous. As pa and ma were having a little evening quar AUaIm liitln 1 Al.ntaH .nl.n J . -V Baying that I inherited my tated, but ma spontaneously replied, "She meant tbat you are your father's own boy," and then burst into tears. An old bachelor said—" There's more jewellery worn nowadays than when I was young. But there's one piece that I always admired which I don't often see now." " What is that?' asked a young lady. " A thimble," was the reply. He was regarded with contempt and scorn by every lady in the room for the rest of the evening. " Now," said an irate mother to her family of one boy and four girls who bad been misbehaving theu solves, " I am going to whip you all," and she seized on Jemmy to receive the first instalment of the chastisement. "Mother," said Jemmy, "ladies first always." The lady was so struck with this application of her own instruction that she did not strike any of the children, but let them off that time. At a public meeting in Edinburgh some time ago Professor Blackie told his studeuts the following story" A little boy at a Presbyterian examination was asked,' What is the meaning'of regeneration f ' Ob, to be born again,' he replied. ' Quite right. Tommy. Your're a very good boy. Would you not like to be horn again 7 Tommy hesitated, hut, on being pressed for an answer, said ' No.' ' Why, Tommy? ' for fear I might be born a lassie 1' he replied." A number of persons were discussing telescopes, each professing to have looked through the " largest one in the world." One after another dilated on the powerful effect of bis particular telescope. At last a quiet man Baid, mildly" I once looked through a telescope. I don't know that it was the largest one in the world. I hope it wasn't. But it brought the moon so near tbat we could see the man in it gesticulating wildly, and crying out, ' Don't shoot!. Don't shoot!' The old fool thought it was a big cannon, and that we were pointing at him." I tA new Bung in the Social Ladder.—Todeson takes to " slumming," and comes across Lady Clara Bobinson (nie Vere de Vere) in a frightful den near Betbnal Green. O, joy ! she actually invites him to dine with Sir Peter ana herself in Grosvenor-square 1 But, alaa! instead of rank and fashion, it is only to meet an East-End curate and bis wife, 'devoted to the poor: and MiBS Fulialove (the Matron of Lady Clara's Home for Juvenile Thieves in Bermondsey), whom he has to lead in to dinner, and who persists In mistaking him for one of those reclaimed speci mavia rtf fliA " IBWPP TniririlA nlaraa [Wptintmnl" lias mens of the "lower middle class criminal" her Ladyship is so fond of being kind to. [i'odeson thinks that "slumming" doesn't pay after all.]— Punch. Not the Same Suit.—(Scene—Circuit Court in a Highland county town; a young countrywoman under examination).—Advocate: Now, my good girl, you say you were near the spot when the pri soner at the bar committed the act. Was any one with you at the time!" Witness: " Yiss, yiss, my lord and atvocate, my sweetheart was wis me." Advocate: " Courting, I suppose. Is he here ? We vantcorroborativeevldence. Witness: "Yiss,ray atvccate and lord, Bbust outside." Judge: " We had better call him into Court." Witness : " No, no, my lord, gootness no. I- can hardly get him to court me when we're alone, and I'm sure he won't court me here afore you all." (Loud laughter.)— The Bailie. " You bave the advantage of me," said the old merchant blandly. " You will bave to get some one to identify you." " Identify me? Why, I am your eon, just back from the University for the summer vacation." "Maybe, maybe," answered the old gentleman. " But my eon did not look like a fool, wear a cockney bat, monkey tail coat, shin-tigbt trousers, toothpick shoes, nor did be suck cane bandies. When my wife returns from her visit to my eister in the country, you may present your claims to her, and if she decides that you are our offspring I ehail be happy to bid you an affectionate gooa-by on yonr return to the University." There are at Harrow, as at every other large school, many traditions that are banded down from generation to generation of boys, of their prede cessors, who are usually represented as little short demi-gods. One of them, said to be fact, occurred during tbe bead mastership of the late Bev. Dr. Vaugban. It is necessary, first, to mention that from time immemoral tail coats have been worn by tbe upper-form boys. One night, as the Head Master was walking out, |he saw a boy, who, con trary to rules, was also enjoying the evening cool. On tbe boy taking to his heels he immediately gave chase, ana was so successful as to get possession of one tail of his coat. He thought he would thereby be able to catch tbe culprit the next morning in form, bnt what was bis surprise when the whole form came in minus one tail! A gentleman residing in tbe city of Binghampton has in bis employ an aged negro whose early life was spent south of Mason & Dixon's line, and as a chattel or property. The gentleman is a keen observer of human nature, and, enjoying a good thing, has drawn the old negro out on many impor tant questions of theology, law, and logic. In a conversation some time ago be said to him, "8 , I have heard that all coloured people would steal. Is it so 7' "No, 'taint so; 'tis a lie." " Well," said tbe gentleman, " when you were a slave, didu't you sometimes take a chicken or a turkey from your master, and eat it?" "Yes," saidS , "sometimes took a chicken, or a duck, or, a turkey, but, Lord bress you I dat w'an't stealin'." "why not 7' " Well, I tell yon: dat chicken he was property, I was property, and if property took property to eumiort property, datwa"nt' stealin'—d'ye see 7' Could any logic be more subtle and conclusive 1—Harper. A young lady, who writes from Mills Seminary, wants to know whether it would be safe to bleach ber bair with sulphuretted hydrogen and make up her face for a Saturday matinee with cream of tartar baking powder. Just to set this question at rest once and for ever, we hasten to reply to all young school misses that the safest way to bleach the hair is to steep it in lye and then expose it to the rays of the sun on a wet day. A bath of oxymuriatic acid some times produces a beautiful golden bair, but some times it doesn't. For a face powder there is nothing superior to oxide oi lead, or tin mixed up with lager beer and Worcestershire sauce. Some people prefer tbe vitreous gloss of manganese in solution with ox tail soup and a little burnt cork, but the generality of young ladies will find it to their advantage, when they want to look pretty, to go to any of our local artists in oil and have a genuine picture put on. After it is dry, you can't tell it from a Rembrandt or one cf Turner's sunsets.—S P\ Sties Letter. When some celebrated paintings of Adam and Ere Were on exhibition Mr. McNab was taken to see them and was asked his opinion. " I think no great things of the ,painter," said the great gardener. " Why, man, Eve's tempting Adam wi' a pippin of a \- variety that wasna known until abont twenty years "*Xue English Lengvidge as it is Hung out Abroad.—The following notice is displayed in a hotel in the Hardanger district, Norway—"Bath! . Jjjth! At A. K. Glimmers. First-class bath. Can anybody get. Tush bath. Warm and cold. Tnt Jiatb and Sbowerbath. At any time. Except Saturday. By two hours forbode." Masher—"! know all about photography, don't you know; so just take me as I stand. Now can you see my elbow where you are f' Photographer— "Yes, sir, perfectly." MaBher—"And look here, don't you know, I want the collar and eyeglass to show all right." Photographer—" I understand. Steady—done, sir." Masher—"Done, is it? Ah! hut look here, you know, are you sure yon have taken the best side of my head 7" Photographer— ,"Quite sure, air; the outside."—Pholographie News. Proof Positive.—(Scene : Tipperary).—Mistress ■—" Well, I would ask the master to employ you again, only I heard you are still addicted to drinking and lighting." Tim Doolin— " Is it me, ma'm? Bedad. I'm as in'cent as a raal bora infant. Look at me bat, ma'm, that I hare now going on three months, an shure, if I'd dhrunk or 1 wheeled' a flit tlier in id wouldn't be left on me bead in half that time; troth.it wouldn'tm'am." [Quiteconvinced, Blie gets Tim reinstated immediately. ] —Judy. When an African mother is asked whether the infant in her arms is a boy or a girl, instead of saying, " It is a girl," she will reply, " It belongs to the sex that does not speak," an answer which may strike some as implying an unusual definition of the female sex. Epitaph copied in a French Cemetery: " 1 AWAIT MY HUSBAND. " 10th October, 1820." And below; " Here i am !! " 7th February, 1880." A worthy, unpretending specimen of the genus twuveau riskt ouce gave a dinner party to Jesse Bledsoe, the brilliant Senator from Kentucky, and asked a number of prominent men. In the course of it the man who sat next to Mr. Bledsoe winked significantly at him, as he helped himself liberally a second time to some dainty, and said, "Fools make feasts, and wise men eat them, you know. Senator." " Yes. And have yon never heard that "wise men make speeches, and fools repeat them ?'" xeplied the latter, quick as thought, disgusted with his neighbour's want of regard for the sacredness of 