BURIED ALIVE Of all the horrible aud appalling cala mities that can befall mortal man, we can imagine none more ghastly than that of being buried alive, and well authen- - ticated records have placed beyond a donbt that it hu occasionally happened. The case of the lady whose ring, cut from her finger by midnight violators of her tomb, was the means of uving her from a dread fill fete, has been often told. Her i son, the eminent Dr. L , bom many years after hie mother had been buried, wu the physician and friend of the family ofthe writer, one of whose earliest recollections is the hearing thestory from the UpB of -an aged relative, while form ing on of a groop of email listners gathered round and hanging with 'bated breath on the novation. Children love to have the Bame stories told over and over again in the same words. They Rke to know what is coming — to watch with thrills of expectation for each detaiL And these details, graphically given by one who had them from the -very actors in the scene, were weird and vivid. The vault at midnight — the cutting off of the finger — the ghutly terror of the ruffians, when the dead woman sat np in her coffin and the blood began to flow — the familiar knock coming to the honse- door in the dead of night, heard by terrified maids, who, thinking their mistress's ghost wu there, buried their frees, trembling; in their pillows. Hie bereaved husband lying sleepless in his grief, heard it too, and started at the sound. " If my dear wife were not gone,' be thongbt, l should say tnat -was ber knock and when, more faintly, it again smote hiB ear, rising at bet and going to the door, lie wu confronted by the resus citated woman. All this was listened to with an interest intensified by the foot of its being true. A curious coincidence respecting this event ie that an exactly similar story is recorded in the annals ofthe family of the Eatfa of Mount-Edgcumbe. In them we read that the mother 'of Richard Edgcumbe, crested first Baron in 1742, bong at tile time yonng and childless, died, apparehtly, at their Beat, Cothele, near Plymouth. She "was buried with a; valuable ring on. her finger; and the catting this off by violators of the tomb, as in the case of Mrs. L /restored her to consrionsness. . Five yearn after-; wards, she gave birth to £ eon. In the year 18$$; .a remarkable instance of buying alive occurred at Cambray, in France. M. . Marbois, a feioSer reMdihg at -Blsay,' in that neigh- bourhood, had reared a luge family, and ( acquired by hie industry and goodi conduct, wealth and consideration, so that he was chosen principal church warden of hie parish, and appointed deputy-mayor. He had lived in harmony with his fondly, until the subject of a marriage ids eldest eon wished to contract, became the cause of a quarrel, and brought on fierce disputes between him and hiB children. Marbois was a man of violent passions ; opposition made him frantic ; and on one occasion, when the dispute ran higher than usual, be became so infuriated that he rose up and pro nounced a fearful malediction upon his family. No sooner had the words passed his hps, than his whole frame suddenly collapsed ; his face grew livid, his eyes fixed, his limbs stiffened, and he "fell to the ground. Medical aid was called in ; bnt all pulsation bad ceased. Soon the body became cold, and his death was de cidedly pronounced — the cause, a stoppage of the heart's action produced by violent excitement This occurred on tbe 13th of January ; and on the 16th the inter ment took place. There had been a severe frost, and the extreme hardness of the ground prevented the grave from being properly dug. It was therefore left shallow, with the intention of deep ening it when the thaw should come. By the 23d the ground became sufficiently soueuea, ana men wore eei rowers to raise the body and finish the grave. On tifting the coffin, they fancied that they heard a sigh, and on listening attentively, they fonnd the sounds of life repeated. Breaking open the coffin, and perceiving that foint actions of pulsation -and re spiration were going on to a certain extent, the men harried off with the body to the honse of the parish doctor, by whose efforts Marbois was - at last restored to consciousness. When the resuscitated man was able to recall what had taken place; he became overwhelmed with contrition, regarding the fate from which he so narrowly escaped as the deserved punishment of his Bin. He sent for the clergyman of Siaoy, whom he entreated to mediate with his children, expressing his anxiety to make hie .-peace with them and to recall his malediction. The result was a return to mutual understanding and the re-establishment of harmony in the house hold. The distinguished physician Sir Henry Marsh, used to describe au event which occurred at -the beginning of his medical career, many years before he had reached the eminence to which he afterwads attained. He was called in by the -family doctor — a country practitioner — to attend upon Colonel H , struck down suddenly by apoplexy. The fit was a severe one. All efforts to save the eick man proved unavailing ; he never rallied, and at the end of a few days, to all appearance breathed his last. On ike morning of the funeral, the two medical attendants deemed it right, as a rasii sHHiuuo, to go ana hub leave oi the remains of their patient before the coffin was screwed down. The family doctor, a jo vial florid personage, on whom professional cares sat lightly, had been a friend, aod ofttimes boon- companion, of the deceased. A bottle of port and glasses stood on a table near the coffin. ' Ah, my poor triend 1' he said, pour ing out a hamper and tossing it off ; ' this was hisfovourite drink. Rare wine, too. He knew what waa good, and never spared it. Many a generous glass wehave had together. I'll drink another to his memory,' he cried ; and another, and another followed, until the wine rapidly gnlped down, and at so unwonted an honr, bBgan to tell upon the maD, and make his eyes glisten and his speechgrow thick. 'Why should yon not pledge me now for the last time V exclaimed the excited doctor, while he approached the corpse, and, to Sir Henry's inexpressible disgnst at -each revolting levity, pressed the glass to the pale Hps. The contents went down the colonel's throat 1 Sir Henry stood amazed : his eyes, wnicn he was turning away from tbe un becoming spectacle, were riveted on the corpse. The jovial doctor, sobered in a moment staggered back. Can s dead man drink 1' he cried. "Give him more— more P exclaimed Sir Henry, recovering his presence of mindand seizing the bottle. A tinge so slight that only a medical eye conld have detected it, began faintly to suffose the white face. The doctor tore -away the ehrond and placed his hand upon the heart. There was no movement bnt they lifted the body ont ofthe coffin and proceeded to adopt the measures proper for resuscitation. Meanwhile, the hearse stood at the door ; the fnuer&l; guests were assembling ontside— carriages arriving ; while within allwas commotion andsnspense— servants harrying to end fro fetching hot bricks, stimalants, restoratives, in obedience to the doctors' commands ; the latter plying every means skill could devise to keep the fiichering spark of life from dying out ; and the startled family, half paralysed by the sudden revulsion, standing around gathered m anxious, silent groups. Breathlessly they watched for tidings. For along time the reeulteeemed doubtful —doubtful whether the hearse before the door, the gaping coffin, the graveclotheB lying scattered abont and trampled under foot; all the grim paraphernalia of death, hastily discarded in the first wild mo ment of hope— might not yet be needed to fulfil their morning office. Bnt -no ! Breath, pulsation, consciousness, were slowly returning. Colonel H was given back to his ifattnllw ami hnm'e fillinn emre alia vilaan """"j "wuivj uuiug wgnm vuo jrwvq that it was thought would know him no more. And not nntii five-and-twenty years had past away afterthatmemorable morning, were Ms -friends summoned — this time to pay him the last tribute. A young officer returned from China related, apropos of burying aUve, the following experience : — ' On our passagehome,' he said, ' we had in the transport, besides our own troops, luge draft of French soldiers. Disease soon broke out among the closely packed-men, and deathe were of daily occurrence. The French dealt summarily with their dead. An soon as a poor follow bad breathed his last, he was stripped, a twenty-poondshot tiedtohis heels, and hia body thrust thro ugh a port- bole into tiie sea. John Boll'sprejadices labelled ' against bo tapld proceedings. When we lost any of our comrades, Ithey wera aUowed to Re Cor twetve hibura tovored with a Union-jack, ehd' the turialL eerrice was read over them before they were committed to the deep. One day, a French sergeant, who had juet fallen a victim to the pestilence, waa brought upon deck In the sheetin which he had died to be thrown overboard. Hie twenty-pound shot had been fastened to his feet and the sheet removed, when, in pushing him through the porthole, he was canght by some protruding hook or nail at the side, and stack fast. A few more vigorous thrusts sent tbe body farther through; and in so doing the flesh was torn by the hook, and blood began to now. xne attention oi tne uystanaera was attracted to this ; and, moreover, they fancied that they saw about the corpse other 8tartiing symptoms. ' The man's alive !' flew from mouth to mouth. Iu au instant, willing hands were pressing eagerly to the rescue, and before the body couid touch the water, it was caught and brought up on deck. ' The French sergeant was one of the eonndestmen on boardthe transport-ship when we landed.' 