THE SALVATION ARMY. Tho Kev. K. I. Watkin, retiring presidont of the Wesloyan Conference, thus spoko upon tho above subject in lii.s annual address 011 Tuesday: —"Another important evont in tho religions history of the colonies has been tho arrival of the .Salvation Army. The Salvation Army is one of ttie most remarkable religious movements of this century. There is a good_ deal in connection with it which few of us can admire. The addresses of some of its officers and the remarks of many of its converts are offensive to gu.ij tasto. Such lan guage from our lips would be irreverent. But we must not forget that many of these who use this language havo been lifted out of tho mire. They have been accustomed to use coarse language, and they aro not intentionally irreverent. But while we can not admiic the apparent flippancy with which tho sacred names of God_and Jesus and tho Holy Ghost are uttered in their meetings, and printed iii their publications, while we cannot approve of some of the methods employed, do not let us close our eyes to tile good which tho Salvation Army is accomplishing. It'is reaching a stratum of society which all tho churches have failed mo^o oriels to reach. There are hundreds, if thousands, in tho colonies who aro'lining batter livo3 than thoy did a voisr 'ago, who have been benefitted by the Salvation Army. Men who have been notorious drunkards are living sober and godly Uvea. Criminals have been reformed, prodigals have been reclaimed, homos whioh were tho scenes of dirt, nnd disordor, and wretchedness, aro noiv abodes of comfort. Wo should bo pocr sens, of our Methodist ancestors if v.*e not rojbico' aver results like theso. \ c^a nat think that thero is) wy tAccosaity'fof'nsany of the extravagances and cc'cfcntricitiea of the Salvation Army. • It suc ceeds not because o£ these, hut in spite of them. Early 'Methodism told on the mastet-/ with' out being1 irreverent, without being coarso, without taking tlio slang of tho street comor into its public addresses, without disturbing tho quiet of the Sabbath by the harsh claugor of ill-played brass instruments; and modern Method ism might do the same. But we in Victoria have* not done it. A scheme for effective evangolistic work in Melbourne and the'suburbs was proposed some years ago by tho Rev. John Watsford, hut our church did not work it. Are we, then to find fault with tho Salvation Army for doing a work roughly which wo have failed to do ? Are we to imitate tho mistaken zeal of John, and say, 'Mas ter, we saw one easting out devils in thy name, and wo forbad him because he followeth not us? Is not the oxistence of tho Salvation Army to some extent a rebuke to our own andother-c'.uirchea? if, as many of us think, thcro is so much tli.it is ob jectionable in Salvation Army tactics, ought we not to show the masses a ' more excellent way.' One of the reosons why X hope for a union among tlio Mothodist churches of Australia is that, if a union were effected, wo should be able to do a work for the non-church-going population of the colonies, and to do it better than it is being done by the Salvation Army.,' 