WHEN WE TWO PARTED. By SARAH DOUDNEY, Author of " A Woman's Glory," &c.; " When we two parted In silence and tears, Half broken-hearted, To sever for years."—Byron. Chapter V.—Lydia, The singer bad just finished the second verse when he caught sight of the petite figure under the trees. He had been singing partly to please himself, and partly to attract some body's attention, and now, seeing that he had a listener, he lifted his hat and spoke. " I beg pardOD," he began. "lama stranger here, and have lost my way. Will you be good enough to direct me to the Pine-tree Inn?" He addressed Lydia with a mixture of ease ' and deference, and his tone and manner made a favorable impression on her at once. It was still quite light enough for the two to see each other distinctly. Looking up at the stranger as he stood on the other side of the fence she beheld a slight man, tall and well formed, with clearly-cut features, and a face devoid of he aid or moustache. It was a hand some face, capable of a thousand shades of expression, and the eyes gazing steadily upon her were dark and bright. "You must follow the footpath through the pastures," she answered, pointing across the field. " Yon must go straight on, over three stiles, and the last stile will bring you out into the lane in front of the Pine-tree." "Tfcacks," he said, gratefully, "Ihave been to Rettleford this evening, and tried to find a short cat back to the inn. Instead of gaining time I have lost an hour or more in wandering, and was glad to rest myself on your fence." He certainly looked weary, she thought, and he did not seem in a hurry to go away. In pointing out the path she had moved out of the shade of the trees, and wa3 standing full in the clear evening light. Lydia Meade was a very lovely little person. She had a general air of simplicity and purity —a sweet, half-infantine expression about the mouth- a dove-like meekness in the blue-grey eyes. Her oval face, tinted like one of her own blush roses, was framed in the plain, black bonnet that she wore in mourning for David; the strings were tied in a prim bow nndcr her dimpled chin. After regarding h9r for a moment in respectful silence, the ' stranger was moved to ask another favor. " Will you give me a draught of water ?" ho said in a'humble tone. "I am thirsty and tired, and half-choked with dust. Pray par donmy boldnesp." She hesitated for a second; then spoke frankly. " Our well is close to -the house. If you will follow me you can drink there, and rest on the garden seat." Turning, she led the way down the gentle slope of the orchard ; and he, having lightly climbed the fence, followed her along the little path through the whispering grass. She went on into the old-fashioned garden, where flowers shared the ground with vegetables, and pot-herbs mingled their homely s weetness with the breath of the rosea; on till she came to the back door of the cottage, where Nancy was standing with a plate of freshly-washed lettuce in her hands. Close to the door stood the well, with its largo iron-bound bucket and tin dipper; and a little farther off was a bench under the shade of a fig tree. At a word from her young mistress, Nancy set down the plate of lettuce and brought a glass from the kitchen; and as the water proved to be deliciously cold and pure, it was not surprising, perhaps, that the stranger asked for a second draught. " I never tasted such good water," he said. " May he you are from a town, sir," re marked Nancy, who seldom lost a chance of using her tongue. " The town folks do think a deal of our well." "I am from London," he replied, holding p the glass to the light. " How bright it is I Father Thames can give us nothing to equal this. I think it tastes like the river that up went out of Eden to water the garden." A look of pleasure lit up Lydia's quiet face, Already she was touched" and wrought upor more than she herself knew by the dark eye: and melodious voice. There must be good it him, she thought; it was clear that he had studied the Old Testament. "My father has called our house Edet Cottage," iHe says that out of the grouuc here the Lord God has made to grow even tree that is pleasant to the sight aud good fo: food." "And the tree of knowledge of good anc evil — cees that grow here?" asired thi strergrr, with a glance of miDgledshrewdna3 and auiu.iiuf tt. "1; grows everywhere on this earth," wa: the quiet answer. " it is as common as th tcores aDd thibtles that God commanded thi ground to bring forth. But He has given u the tree of life also." "We are getting into deep subjects," hi said, with another deferential, yet searching look. " Wo ought, perhaps, to think of aeriom things sometimes, I have been to churcl to-night." " Itnalh ?" questioned Lydis, ia a gonili tone *hwt had in it the faintest ring of doubt " Beally, and indeed. May I ask wby yoi are incredulous?" be enquired earnestly. " Because I heard ycu slngiug one of thi world's songs a few minutes ago," she an swered, with a deepening color, "and—for give me—these who have been in the Lord', House should praise^ Him in psalms anc hymns, especially on the Sabbath." This was said with such a simple and modes gravity that it did not c ffond him. The gir was evidently in earnest, and the phrase which would have been mere cant from somi lips were real enough when she uttered them He drooped his lashes meekly to hide th< eparkle of fun in bis eyea. Had the speako; beeD one degree less heautitul and gentle hi would not nave repressed a sharp repartee Being what he was, a man well used to 'plaj upon himself and others, and talking with i pretty girl whom he wished to please, he pro cseded at once to display a little emotion, " Thank you," he said, solely, "for a kluc rebuke. One is 'all the better (or a gentle warning like yours. I shall remember it when I am back again the great world to-morrow." Fully awareof the impression he had made, he would not prolong the scene; with a part ing bow he turned and walked quietly away through the path between the rose-bushes. In a few seconds more he was lost to sight among the shadows of the orchard; but Lydia still stocd looking after him with dreamy eyes, "Supper's waiting, miss," said Nancy, breaking the spell of silence. " Lor, what a gentleman he was, every inch of him; men of his sort do take the shine off common ones, don't they 2" Lydia did not answer. She went slowly indoors with the dreamy look still lingering in her eyes. The minister had already seated himself at the table, and she joined him in silence. Supper was a simple meal in Mr. Meade's household, consisting generally of bread and cheese, a jug of beer, and (in summer) fresh lettuces from the garden. Neither father nor daughter were given to the indulgence of their appetiteB; but it was noticeaole that they had always thriven well upon their plain fare. To-night, however, Lydia trilled with her food, and seemed to be eating in a listless fashion. "You are not hungry, my dear," said Mr. Meade, watching her quietly. "This has been a trying day for you, and, indeed, for ub all. The flesh is weak, Lydia." "Yes, father, very weak." " Isn't there anything else that you could eat?" he asked. "Let Nancy bring in the fiuit pie; you must not let your strength fail, my child." "I don't think my strength is going to fail," she Baid wearily. " I am well—quite well—but my head is full of thoughts to night." "I have no doubts about his safety, Lydia. He gave the plainest evidences that he could read his title clear to mansions in the skins." "Evidences!" she said, starting. " Yes, I thought there were some signs cf the Spirit's work, but " " Is it possible, my dear, that you have any fears for David 2" "For David? On, no, father; certainly not." She blushed deeply, and her glance fell before the gocd man's gaze. Mr. Meade looked puzzled and anxious; it was clear, he thought, that his daughter had been over-excited by the solemn service of the evening. He had always regarded her as a girl of steady nerves; but then, too, sho was exceedingly sensitive and tender-hearted. " Lydia," he said after a pause, " I wish' | you to rise early to-morrow and go to Pikes field by the 8 o'clock train. Your Aunt Tabitha wants to see you." "I should like it, father," she answered, brightening. "But no," she added, in a duller tone; " I was forgetting my promise to go to Mrs. Berrick," " I will see Mrs. Berrick and make excuses for you. My child, I do not think you are in the right frame to administer consolation; your mind is too confused, too unsettled, Those who visit the mourner should have a long-tried faith. And perhaps the word of comfort comes best from one who is nearing the end of his own journey." " But will she think me selfish or unkind 2" "No Lydia; I shall tell her why I did not permit yon to go to her. For my part, like Greatheart, I have gone with many pilgrims through the Valley of the Shadow of Death, and I know all the darkness and dreari ness of the way. But your feet aro young, my dear; you might stumble if you tried to guide, and the gloom might be too deep for the untried soul." Lydia gave her father a look of gratitude, and went quietly away to her room. The friend who has satisfactorily excusod us to ourselves has done us a service that can never be repaid. He has succeeded in hushing that inward voice of reproach which is more un endurable than the olamor of a thousand toDgues. The minister's daughter could lie down now and sleep in peace; had not the good man successfully proved that she was spiritually unable to attempt an un pleasant task ? She put out her light, drew the dimity curtain back from the latticed window, and lay down to watch the stars, It was good to think that she should get away from David's mourning parents to morrow. The thought did not come into her mind in this form; it presented itself in quite another guise, bun it was tbat very thought and no other. She had put on black, and shed honest tears; she had, as it were, gone as far as the en trance of the valley with Mrs. Berrick, but she was not called upon to plunge into its awful shades. Her father's feet, well accus tomed to the gloom, would tread firmly where hers would fail. She little knew that a path, far darker than that shadowy vale, was already tracked out for her footsteps; nor could she guess that, in shunning the mourner's way, she was flyiug straight to the great anguish of her life. As she lay awake she began to recall the hymns that they had suDg in cbapel that evening; and then, unawares, her thoughts drifted away to the stranger's song— "When we two parted _ In silence and in tears." The words and melody haunted her until she fell asleep; and she did not lose the music even in her dreams. The morning was so fresh and fair that Lydia awoke in gladness. It was the very day for an excursion; and to this girl a trip of any kind was a rare thing. The world out of doors wa3 full of flowers and sunshine; she was going out among the blossoms and butter flies, going to escape from "the trivial round, the common task," and be made one with nature. Her black gown had to be taken from its peg, and shaken and dusted; it was a heavy arena for this bright weather, and her mind turned longingly to the summer frock of soft dove color which was put out of sight till the time of mourning had expired. She was human; and she knew that the dove color suited her very well. But what vain thoughts were these? Life was solemn; death had snatched away a dear friend; and yet this foolish heart of hers must needs be busy with vanities! She knelt down by her bed, and prayed to be forgiven for the follies of tho flesh. The sight of her young face, placidly cheer ful, allayed the minister's fears. He felt he bad done wisely in planning this holiday ; the girl was grave and thoughtful beyond her years, and he did not wish to see her spirit too deeply shadowed. No one had ever accused her of the slightest tendency to frivolity; her young associates stood a little in awe of Lydia Meade, and wore conscious that a certain line divided her from them selves, All her gentleness and sweetness could not put her on a level with the girls of her father's flock; she gave herself no airs, she wsb genial and familiar with every one of them, and yet they always regarded her with secret veneration. "How glad I am, miss, to see you going out for a lark!" said Jfancy, following her to tho house door. There are some people who belong so evi dently and heartily to this world that all efforts to spiritualise them are in vain, Nancy was one of these honeat worldlings, utterly uu sanctified by her residence under the minis ter's rocf; a jovial "child of wrath," untroubled by any convictions of sin. Lydia, who liked her well, felt herself bound to bestow a gentle word and look of rebuke. " Ob, Nancy," she said, •' why will you use such expressions? I am not going to seek any of the world's pleasures." " No, miss; but th6y may meet you unex pected-like; and then there's no barm in enjoying 'em." Lydia smiled and sighed, and went her way ; but Nancy had managed to materialise her mind. As she tripped on across the fields to the railway station she began to indulge un awares in a dangerous longing for something to happen. In a life so tame a3 hers every trifling incident is an exciting event. The chance meeting with a stranger had broken up the calm of her existence—looks, words, and tones tbat another girl would have for gotten in an hour were lingering in har memory, and then, true to her training, she fell to pondering about the state of his soul. She did not believe that he could be a mere every-day sinner, perfectly satisfied with his condition and altogether regardless of a life beyond this life. How meekly he had accepted that little rebuke of hers! She had read instances of striking conversions effected by the simple words of womeu and children. The gocd seed dropped by a feeble hand had been known to take root and flourish. It would be an excellent thing if she could see him once more, quite alone, and talk with him undisturbed. So she mused, hastening on along narrow paths that went winding through the long grass, avoiding the town and gaining the railway station by a byway. Not many people were going to travel by that early train; the station was quiet, aud she took her second class ticket to Pikcblield without delay. There would be five minutes to spend in pacing up and down -.he platform, and reading all the posters and advertise meats before the train came up. Most of us can remember these weary moments that we have spent at railway stations in contemplating the pictorial an nouncements of certain firms. The ferocious lion taken in a snare, the highly-intelligent dogs in ccuncil, the jocund child displaying its empty cup—we know them all too well, and have in our sick moods regarded them with unspeakable loathing ; but Lydia, fresh and uLwcrn, surveyed them with a pleased interest that hi ought a calm smile into her faco, and was to happily occupied that she did not hear fcotstc-pa approaching her side. " Good morning," said an unforgotten voice. Here was something happening, indeed! The stranger looked very much at his ease, lifted his bat with a quiet grace, and veufcurod CD a look of deferential pleasure, "I am afraid I left you rather abruptly la3t night," he went on. " You were not thanked half enough for your kindness to a poor wan derer." " Indeed you make far too much of a small service," said Lydia, a soft flush rising to her cheeks. Be had thought her very pretty in the twi light, hut Bhe was ten times fairer in the auu shine. She wore no veil, and the full light of the morning shone upon her fresh yet delicate face, revealing all its lovely tints, He had seen scores of beautiful faces, but not one so pure as hers—not one that conveyed so perfect an impression of innocence and peace. The roar of the approaching train began to be heard, and a porter came up with a travel ling bag, "Are we to be fellow-travellers2" the stranger asked. It was evident that he waited anxiously for a reply. Was not this the opportunity that she bad wished for ? From her childhood she bad been taught that nothing happens by chance, that every trifle ia a link in the mysterious chain of Providence. Her heart beat high with a new hope; it seemed to her that she was the chosen instrument of God. It wes almost too bright a thought to be cherished, hut the mere possibility thrilled bc-r with intense happiness. "I am going as far as Pikesfield," she answered. And then the train came up. It wi3 delightfully strange to hud herself handed into a carnage with tender care; and her companion took his place on the opposite seat. They were alone together. Chapter VI.—"Methougiit it was Very Sweet, "I bad no hope of meeting you again this morning," he said as the train moved on. " Something seemed to tell me that you sel dom left that pretty home of yours." " I do not often travel," she replied frankly, " To-day I am going to see an aunt at Pikes field ; it is only a very short journey." " And do you never get tired of your quiet life among the fields?' She hesitated. "No, not tired. But sometimes I wish that the Master had givenmemoro work to do. I hear of others who achieve so much, while I am just performing my everyday duties and dreaming of greater things." "Perhapsyou have already done greater things than you are aware of," he said, with deep meaning in his tone. " You don't realise the influence of a stainless life, nor the power of words spoken by pure lips." He knew perfectly well that he was speak ing to a minister's daughter, and understood the kind of nature with whichhe was dealing. Bis hostess of the Pine tree had given him a full account of the Meades; Lydia's good ness and beauty could not pass altogether un noticed by those who lived in her neighbor hood, and she often visited the cottages on the outskirts of Nettleford, "You do not know me," she said tremul ously. " With such a good father for my guide, I ought to be a thousand times better than I am. Often when the opportunity comes, I am too feeble to speak the word in season." "You spoke to the purpose last night. That gentle rebuke made me heartily ashamed of my lightness and frivolity. And it made me feel, too, that my soul was not quite uncared for; there are times when I am half tempted to think that no one is in the least concerned about mo." If he had studied her for years he could not have found a surer way to her heart. The poor child, in her simplicity, was only too ready to accept the sweet flattery implied in his speech. It was not her doing, she thought, if this soul was awakened from its spiritual slumber; she was hut the humble instrument of a Divine hand. And yet how delightful it was to be entrusted with this mission ! Here indeed was a fresh interest in the quiet life that had lately seemed almo.it too tranquil and commonplace. It never occurred to her that this chance acquaintance would certainly not have been sanctioned by Mrs. Grundy. She knew as little of society and its ways as one of her own roses; and, like the rose, her sweetness might have been her passport any where. Bat she had none of the prudent young lady's horror of being " talked about." To her it seemed a simple and natural thing to follow the in stincts of a guileless heart. There was no mother to furnish her with a little hoard of maxims against impulsiveness; no elder sister tp point out the peril that always lies bidden in the friendship of a young woman and a young man. "I am glad I did not ofiend you," she said, earnestly. "It was a presumptuous thing to reprove a Btranger." "Not when the reproof is so sweetly spoken as yours was. £ like to think that such as you Bie appointed to be the guar dians of erring men like me. But you csnuot know the force of cur temptations; we live in the midst of tumult and strife, and all our better feelings are crushed, I am sure that if I have any chance of being good, I shall owe it to seme cne who intercedes for me." There are some people who never fail to strike the right chord when they wish to please. This man did not pause to ask him self why he was putting forth all his power; to interest a simple girl. He suffered himsel' to obey the dictates of a sudden fancy, and he was not consciously nor deliberately untrue. Nature had made him an actor, and among the numerous characters in his repository he was sometimes puzzled to find the one that really belonged to him. Just at this moment there was something in the dove-like eyes of the listener that made bim thoroughly in earnest. Her intense belief inspired him with the desire to be real. She was looking at him with an expression which he had seen assumed often enough by clever actresses playing the part of saintly women. But here was the look without the usual adjuncts of rouge and pearl-powder and footlights—here was the look on a perfectly natural little face, framed in a commonplace black bonnet, and it had a peculiar effect on him. " I think my good angel must havo sent mo here," ho Baid in a voice that trembled slightly; and his eyes met hers with a wistful gaze. " May I ask you to remember me aud pray for me 2" "Indeed I will," she answered fervently. "Somehow I knew it was uo chance that led you to cur cottage last night. I am not elo quent ; I must leave unsaid a thousand things that I long to say ;—but, do not forget the provision made for human weakness. The highway is plain, even when it runs straight through Vanity Fair; and the journey is not, and cannot be very long. Over seventy years (or net so many, perhaps) of toiling and striving ; and then the river, and the Celes tial City on the other side." "It would be easy to keep to the right way if one were guided by a voice like yours," ho sighed, "Ab, you shake your head at that! Ana yet the Israelites had a leader in their wanderings, and Christiana and her sons had an earthly guide." " That is true," ahs said, thoughtfully. "Thenyou will not be angry if I want to see you again, Miss Meade 2 You see I have learnt your name." " I shall be glad to see you 3gain if I can do you good," she replied. "But you do not live in our neighborhood." " No; but Nettleford isn't so far from London. I work hard all the week, and when Sunday comes I am glad to escape into the country for fresh air and rest." " Do you really work hard 2" she asked, in nocently. "There are no traces of toil about you," she added, glancing at the slender hands, delicate aud well kept, and at the sight of them there came a swift recoilection of poor David's horny palms and floury nails. The first lover had never failed to carry evi dences of the baking business upon his per son; hut this man—what could he have had to do with labor of any kind 2 "Most people would tell you," he said, "that Balph NorriDgton is one of the hardest working men in town." " Balph Norrington • is that your name 2" "Yes." He watched her narrowly as he spoke; hut it was evident that the name was quite new to her ears, " I thought I was getting worn and haggard enough to excite anybody's compassion," he continued. "Some one told me the other cay that there was an old-young look in me that was positively pitiable." She scrutinised him for a moment with~a gentle, candid glance. The well-cut face did certainly show signs of wear and tear ; there were lines upon the forehead, and a fine network of wrinkles at the corners of the dark eyes, "You are worn," she admitted, after a game, "You have to work late at night, perhaps, and that 13 always bad for the health." " Yes," besaid with another smile not so ea3y to read. "My work keeps me up lace, and I only get a holiday once a week." " The Sabbath is a great blessing," re marked Lydia. " To you it must indeed be a day of rest." There arose in his mind a vision of Sunday dinners at! 1 o Star tsnd Garter, with ail the accessories of fun and laughter aud cham ipgnc; and he swiftly pictured the faces of his professional sisters, the actresses who shared in those feasts. Bright faces they were, although much of their bloom and freshness had been early worn away; but he could not help thinking how Btrangely this girl's face would look in their company. It amused him mightily to imagine Lydia Meade, in her plain bonnet and gown, coming suddenly upon one of these gay parties, making the most of their " Day of rest." "It is a great relief to get an hour or two of leisure," he replied. "But I am getting rather tired of our Cockney retreats; and! like the Finetree so well that I think I shall be there again next Sunday." " So soon 2" she said, the soft blush mount ing to her cheeks again, "Yes. the change will be good for body and soul. Will you let me see you. Miss Meade 2" There was a moment's pause, bat hers was not the hesitation of reluctance. She was only wondering what the minister would say to this new friend. " I should like you to meet my father," she said. " He could talk to you far better than I can. Naturally he is a little .tired after preaching, but I think he would be glad to see you," " I don't like to intrude, yet I long to pay another visit to that dear old cottage. Will yon expect me then after evening service ?" '• Yes," said Lydia, simply. With a sudden pang of regret she saw that they were nearing Pikesfield, and in a few moments more the train slackened speed. Their bands met, and hers held in a linger ing clasp. His dark eyes were looking eagerly into her face. " Good-bye," he said, "but only for a little while." He sprang out of the carriage, helped her to alight, and then returned to hS seat. Pikesfield was an unimportant station, and the train never waited long there. In another moment it lad rushed on,.and she was left standing on the quiet platform like one in a dream. A second or two went by before she could rouse herself, and remember the commm matters of life. It would not do to indulge in reveries in Aunt Tabitha's presence; a vt j y practical person was Miss Tabitha lie we; her sharp eyes wiuld be quick to detect any signs of a preocoupied mind. It was ;fortu nate for Lydia that her Aunt's cottage was nearly a mile from the railway station. The walk would give her time to collect her thoughts, and help to bring her into a more tranquil frame. As she traversed the pleasant country road she was conscious of a new and wonderful happiness that pervaded bor whole being. Was it not a tiush that she was the connect ing link between his soul and heaven ! Was cot her feeble hand predestined to lead him out ef the city of Destruction and set him in the narrow way of righteousness ? Enveloprd m a cloud of enthusiasm, she Baw her future path through a glorious mist that obscured all the dark places and pitfalls. As in a vision she beheld two figures aide by side, the strong leaning on the weak; the simple instructing the wise; the timid gently guiding the brave. Prom, her mother, Lydia had inherited a nature predisposed to religious exaltation. Had she been born in an earlier age she would have been like "the wan sweet maiden" of Arthur's time, who prayed and fasted— Till the sun Shone, and the wind blew thio' her. And new, remembering that be had asked her: to pray for him; she felt as if all her nights i aEd days must be devoted to prayer—as if her whole life must be from henceforth one fervent supplication. - And then came the thought of her father, and the ghost of a fear found its way into the warm heart. Mr. Meade was the most benevolent of pastors, but there had been times when he had shown himself somewhat sceptical about the conversions of young men, especially when such conversions had been effected through the agency of young women. " There was a danger," he would say in his peculiar phraseology, "of mistaking mere human emotion for the genuine work of the Holy Spirit." His daughter recalled these words with dread. She felt that if he were to stand in doubt of bis friend's sincerity, he might check the work of grace that had only just begun. And yet, what need was there to be afraid 1 Her father was so generous, so clear- sighted, that she could not help bsliev ing he would see this anxious enquirer with her eyes. Thus reassured she returned to her beatific visions, and walked mechanically up to her aunt's door with eyes shining, ana cheeks like a June rose. "Lydia," said Miss liowe, greeting her on the threshold, " I didn't expect you to-day, but you are welcome. Why, what has come over you, child ?" "Nothing, Aunt Tabitha; I've been walking fast, that's all." " Then I'd advise all the young girls "of my acquaintance to walk fa3t, for it has a most wonderful effect on the complexion. You come here smiling as if you'd just got a fortune. I thought I should have seen a very different face." "Why, Aunty 2" Miss Bo we drew a step backward, and stared hard at ber niece. "Well, child," she said, after a pause, "I like to see young folks looking bright; but Bomehow your face doesn't match your gown; I see you've put on mourning for poor David." Lydia'a countenance fell; she was ashamed end remorseful in a moment. Ttiese new feelings and experiences of hers had driven David clean out of her head, (To he continued.) 