h . A race meeting was held at Moonee Valley on Saturday, 22nd March, when some 'capital' sport was witnessed by those present. The Hurdle Race was won by Ola'verley, with Yonng Snowden second and Brighton third. Pyrette appropriated the Half Mile Handicap, Honora being next and Gymkhana third. The Selling Pace fell to Sea Serpent, who was followed home by Quietude and Ppcahontas. Blackthorn easily.' secured the Steeplechase, Andover arid Pemberley, tho only others that went tho distance, being second and third re spectively. The concluding race of the day, the Three Quarter Mile irnndicap,resulted in a win for' Countryman, Cassiopeia. being second and Gymkhana third. ? . . ; A3 ypryVenjoyable race meeting was held at KlsternwickVPark, on Saturday, the 5th insk The programme embraced -five events, includ ing a Maiden Trot, which was appropriated by Black Tracker, who &u; :ceeded in outpacing his adversaries in the first two heats. ' ; The Hurdle liace foil to Ned Kelly, who started first favorite, and was judiciously ridden by PaUy. . Don Alonzo was second and First Try third.- The JOIwoo 1 Handicip was cle verly won by Honora, who, nssiRte;! by her light weight, scored a victory for her popular owner. - i'riestess was seoond n'n-.l Countryman wus third. The Selling Race fell to The Ghost, a- namt'sako df tho winner of the Ladies' Bracelet ; J.eporello was next, and Anagram third. The hist race of the day wag the F.lsterhwk-k Park Handicap, in wl i h Agatha, a handsome looking daughter of- Yat tendon and Agnes, got home tir.it, and landed a good stake for backers, who supported her at 7 to 4 in a Held of eleven runners ; Raillery was second, and Lyous Lady third. The Williamstown annual races were held on HasttT Mondny, and the meeting proved a very enjoyable one. The weather, though cloudy, remained fine during the dny, and there was a very fair attendanoo of spectators. Tho fields wero in eaoh oiae fairly numerous, and the contests of an interesting description, The Hurdle Race was won by Gambler, Mid night, who was the favorite, coming in a good second. The Williamstown Handicap win very closely contested, the winner, !'-? i\\. just' beating Cassiopeia by a neck. 'I' I'n.egraph Stakes proved n good race, M -? k .» I'rce being lnnd oil the winuor, Outlaw uuii .-ax on following uloxe . behind. Stampede won the Steeplechase very easily, but was disqualified for going 'outside 'a post; and Midnight, who just beat Blackthorn for second place, was awarded first prize. The Seaford Handicap, which concluded the pro gramme, was, won easily by. Madcap, the other places being filled by Mentmore and Sea Ser ?pent.^ ' '.'??.'?.. j, ?'?:'? ? ? ? ' . ' '. ; 'J'he autumn meeting of the Australian Jockey Club was commenced at Randwick on Easter Monday under very favorable condi tions, the attendance numbering over 18,000. The A.J.O. Hurdle Kace was won by 'Flain borough.Yutely, the favorite, being second, and War £ngle third. The Autumn Stakes ' was ? won by Sardonyx after a magnificent race with Archie, who was .beaten by about three-quarters of a length, Sweet William being third, half a length, behind, the others, finishing in a cluster. Bargo won the ; Champagne Stakes, beating Salvo at the post by a neck ; Garfield was a good third. For the St. Leger, the great race of the day, there were only two starters — namely, Mr. 1). S. Wallace's Le Grand, and Mr. Jhb. White's MartinUIIenry. The betting was 7 to 4 on Martini-Henry, who jumped to the front at the start and led for a mile arid a half, but in the straight 'Le Grand gradually drew ahead, and at the home turn passed Mr. Whito's- colt, and won easily by two lengths. The Doncaster Handicap brought outthe large field. of. 2J:.hprses. Phyllis, with Stockdale and Gieiicoe, got the best' of the start, but ..Rataplan soon went to the front, and was never afterwards - caught, winning easily by five lengths. The last race of the day was the Trial Stakes, which was won by Venetia, with Cairngorm second. The seventh intercolonial eiyht oar: boat race between representative crews ofi'New South Wales and Victoria took place on the Lower Yarra River on Saturday, 5lh April, and resulted, , after an excellent race, in a win for the Victorians. . The course was about .4^ miles. -in -length, ..being from Spottiswoode Point, below Yarraville, to a point opposite the Metropolitan Gasworks. Tho race was. thus rowed against the stream, in which, however, the current was not verv uercentible. =? The Victorian' boat was taken to the front very, soon after, the start, and the advantage; then gained was maintained to the finish, notwith standing the thoroughly plucky race rowed by the Sydney men, who made a determined, though unsuccessful, effort to overhaul their opponents in . the last mile. In the evening both crews were entertained at a banquet at Gunsler's Caft4. '?...- ..; ' . . \ Tho seoond heat between W. M'.Tndoe and1 A. J. Kenny for the Swimming Championship of Australia,: and a prize of £100, took place. at Kenny's _ Baths, at St. Kilda, on Saturday,. | ? 2i)th March. The race was to consist of three heats, namely,. a. quarter of a mile, a half, mile, and a mile, but as the first two were won by Kenny, the contest is of course practically da-, cided, although the remaining heat will be contested on the 15th inst. Both the, heats at present decided were splendidly contested, and .were witnessed by large crowds of spectators. 