Dreams and their Fulfilment. A French writer says that to dream well we must act well while we are awake, and to bring down beings of celestial origin to- converse with us in onr sleep we must- struggle in the cause of virtuetluring the day The orcam of Cmsar's wife when the Ides- of March had come, asr elated by Plutarch is full of interest. Csesar was much dis turbed by the groans she uttered in her sleep and awoke her. She then told him that she had dreamed of holding him mur dered in her arms/ On the following day, so deeply was the dfeam impressed upon her mind aud so great the terror it inspired, that she implored bim toremain at home that day and adjourn the meeting of the Senate. He was startled, and knowing her to be a woman of fearless mind, aaid, in nowise superstititious, he offered sacrifices and con sulted the astrologers, by whom he was ad vised to adjourn the Senate. But he was persuaded to do otherwise by ono of the conspirators against his life, who laughed afe the dream, and urged Caesar not to offend, 'the Senate just when they were about to crown his ambitious desires. Giesar listened to the treacherous voice and went to meet his death. , A gentleman relates the following : — " One evening some two years since, my brother, an officer in the army, surprised me with a late visit, just as my family was retiring to rest. 1 Brother, ' exclaimed he, in an excited manner, 'mother is dead !' When and how did you here it ?' I replied, as she was living at some distance from tlie town where we were, and was, so far as we knew, in good health. I have seen her pass me- twice this evening in my room,, while I was in bed, with her head bandaged up, and I could not rest until I saw yourT" was his answer. In consequence of hi® entreaties and conviction, it was determined to take the first train to the locality where - our mother resided, and upon our arrival we found, to our great surprise, that she died the evening before, quite suddenly, at the exact hour my brother dreamed he saw her apparition." Franklin had several of his projects derided for hnn by dreams. Goethe says in his memoirs : " The objects which had occupied my mind daring the day often re-appeared at night m connected dreams." The celebrated dream of Thomas Lord Lyttleton, in which he dreamed a bird flew into the room where efept, and while he looked at it it changed into the form of a female whom he had wronged, who told him to prepare for another world, as in three days tie would fc a- j >v„as vell then, and laughingly said he did not look like a nian so near death, and that he intended to "bilk the ghost.' Somehours after saying this he went with M aod Captain Wolsey to Pitt rlace, Epsom, ate for supper ail egg, went cheerfully to bed. and suddenly expired in a tit in the presence of his servants — Ceewc Magazine. 