BIBLE CHRISTIAN CHURCH, GULLY. The ceremony of laying the foundation atones of the additional Sunday school of tho above church was performed yesterday. The building, which is being rapidly pushed on, was started a short time back, mainly through the efforts of the Rov. .T. Orchard. 1'his gentleman, since taking charge of the Saudhurst circuit in April last, has worked [ vary hard, and it must have been a source of pleasure to him to have been present yesterday, j Before tho laying- of the six comor stones, the children, numbering about 500, were formed into procession, and marshalled by tho Revs. W. Trotuayuo, J. Orchard, H. l'attinsou and A. Hicks, marched through the principal streets of Long Gully. Northcott's Band was also in attendance, and a very pretty banner, bearing tho inscription " Bible Christian s'alibath School, Long Gully," surrounded by scriptural texts, was borno by six men. When the procession drew up, there were about 1,000 persons present, amongst whom were Dr. Quick, M.L.A., Mr. R. Baker, of Ballarat, M.L.A. for Wiramera; hon. K. Burrowes, M.L.A.; Councilors B»yno, M'Gowan, and Harkness; and the Revs. S. I. Green, \Y. Tremayne, J. Orchard, H. Pettinson, and A. Hicks. After reading, singing, and prnj er, the ceremony was begun. Tho six corner stones were declared .truly laid in tho name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, by tho hon. R. Burroire«, Dr. Quick, Rev. W. Trernayno (for the hnn. I). O. Sterry, M.L.A.); Crs. Harkness and M'Gowan, aud tho Rev. J. Orchard (for Cr. Delbridge, who is at present in Sydney). The National Anthem was then played by tho band, and after votes of thanks bad been passed to tho members of Parlia ment, councillors, aud Jforthcott's band, tho ceremony closed by tho Rov. J. Orchard pro nouncing tho benediction. The te^> meeting, which took place in the Odd fellows' Hall, was very successful, tho tables three in number—being crowded from about live J o'clock until about seven o'clock. The tables were laden with first-class comestibles provided by several lady members of the congregation, and dispensed very courteously by Misses Orchard (2), 1 Payne (2), Oliver (2), Whitford, Rogers, Seymour, 3'egan, Rosewall, Morris, Finch, and Pope (2). Tea baing over an adjournment was made to the j church, which was packed to its utipoit capacity, whilst several hundred parsons had to go awar for want of room. Then the public meeting porn- I menced, under tho presidency of Mr. R. Bakor, ]*. I " ..Ui." "■ ■" "" M.L.A. Thn proceedings commonced by tho choir a nil audience singing a liymr., after which the Rr.v. J. Orchard engaged in prayer, and then introduced tho chairman to tho meeting. On risimr, tho chairman was greeted with loud applause, and ho delivared an excellent address, in which ho expressed the heartiest sympathy with tho .Sabbath school movement. Tho Roy. A. Hicks tlion addressed the meeting, his subject of an able address being tho Biblo. A collection was taken up at this stago, and a good sum was realised. During the interval tho Kov. ,T. Orchard intimatod that over £130 had boeu placed on tho momorial stones, in eluding £100 subscribed by tho ladies of tho con gregation, and handed to him for that purpose. The chairman then offered several remarks relative to tho manner in which mombora of the Salvation Army had recently been treator] by tho authorities in tho metropolis for marching in tho street, and stated that, with sovcral other members of the House, ho would, on Wednesday evening noxt, call the attention of tho Government to tho matter, and demand more consideration being iriven to tho religious sects in their efforts to secure the well-being of humanity. Tho announcement was enthusiastically applauded. An address from the Rev. H. l'attinson followed, his remarks being on tho advantages accruing from Sabbath schools. Tho Rov. J, Orchard also addressed tho meating. Tho proceedings, after tho usual vote of thanks hud boon accorded, woro concluded in tho customary manner. Tho choir rondored several anthems during tho ovoning in a vory efficient m*nnor nndor tho condnctnrship of Mr. S. Jenkins. Mrs. Jonkiua prosided at tho organ with good effect. Tho proceeds from all sources amounted to about £170. 