TZE S T ST? D1Y ELECtlTIBQ. 'TnaDaiy Telogiapi, Syd-ney, has the ;following plenasuntly satirical artiole.anont :the oandidaturo for East Sydney: In the 'Temperance Hall, Sydney, on Monday light, Mr. Heydon, M.P. for Yasse Plains, .ocupied a couple of hours iiV trying to .prove that " protection is the inevitable ,policy of the future; " and ho sicoeeodod so entirely to his own satisfaction that he assnumed the rolo of a prophet, and preo ,dicted that before flvoyenrs pass weo shall Ihavo a protectionist tariff in Now South 'Wales, And then he rcaumed his seat while.the hall rang with thle cheers of his 'coaivinced and pnthusiasti eauditore, At rthe weekly sossion of the Demooratio Alliance, held last night, "undertheo oeon 'oanopy of the heavens," Mr. O'Sullivan, the present " beeas" of the Alliance, and ?tho inevitable politician 'of the future, also assumed the rolo of the prophet, and pre. .dioted not only that Now South VWales would be blessed with a proteotbniot ::taiiff in five years' time, but that Mlr. Heoydon would fill some very distlnguished position in the colony. It would soom, therdfore, that Mr. Hoyden is the coming p·rotootionist Premier. 'Ho is, if Mr. O'Sullivan be an authority, the loader of th&0iprotectionist movdii~zit; andi the leader of the movement which is to dis. plnoo th, existing fiscal policy of the 'country wil'suroly be " sent for " by the oocupant of Government House five years hence, to establish the rival policy. And there. need be-on the part of theo IDemooratio Alliance at least-no mie. giving as to the remarkable ability which the Promier of 1880 willexhibit. Accord. ing to Mr. O'Sullivan, Mr, Louis Hoydon's solid logic is much to be preforred to Mr. G.)raham Berry's frothy rhetorio. The luold aind massive argumentation of Mr. Heydon,. will shortly become a' torrent before which the weak reasoning of saah men n'lStuart, Dlbbu, Reid, and Sir John Robertson will ba swept away. An emancipated people will elect a new Parliament to found a new policy, as the most fitting inauguration of the second centnry of the colony's history. Poor B. C. LuEoombe, that most inde fatigable writer of half-intelligible letters tothe Sydney papers, is not "in it." No portfolio is predicted for him infive years' time. He may than, as now, have a little league of his own, but a seat on the Treasury benches of the Protection Par. liament of 1880 will not he reserved for him. From the dim" redesses of the strangers' gallery he will look down, with inarticulate bitterness of soul, upon the bloated pride of Mesers. Hoyden and SO'Sullivan. . Then, as now, he will be pitilessly ignored by thile political finan. oiers, who know they have got the heart of this great country with them. Could anything be more ornel to a man who was'perspiring in the cause of protection when Mr. Heydon was at school and Mr. O'Sullivan contriving some way of .escape from thalt paradise of protectionists, Vic. toria, than the refusal of the protectionists and demoorats to support Mr. R. C. Luscombo against the I?on. G. H. Reid in East Sydney ? . Tihe situation is really pathetio. Here, on the one hand, is an exhausted revenue, and on the other hand a reckless free-trader tampering with the tariff. And while tlhe fiscal policy of'tihe country is trembling in the balanee, Mr. R. C. Luscombe, though attenuated with unappreoiated aud unrequited toil in the sacred cause of protection thr6ws himselfi patriotieally into the breach, and implores the electors of East Sydney to send him into the Assembly that he may save the colony from everlasting ruin. His little league stands by him nobly, and so do thbo cabinet.makers, but where are the signs that the protectionist publio will generally rally to his. standard on tihe polling day ? Mr. Heydon, who deolared in his prophetic peroration on Monday night that " before the taxation debate was over Sydney would be protectionist at heart," also declared in his cold blooded exordium that his lecture "had no connection whatever with the pending election in East Sydney." Mr. O'Sul. livan did not propose that the Domooratio Alliance resolve Itself into a gigantic and irrosistible committee to crown Mr. R. C. Luscdmbe's lifetime of labour with the Parliamentary honour towards which his eyes have been so long and so .modestly uplifted. No collection was taken up to defray the venerable agitator's prospective expenses. Instead of that, a deputation froi the Democratio Alliance waited upon the little league on Tuesday night, to ask thant Mr. B. C. Luscombe's candidature be abandonod. It is all very well for the protectionists of Sydney to. nurse their strength for the dramatic display of 1880; but surely the tiny lift necessary to save Mr. B.:C. Lueoombe's candidature from ignoble failure might have been spared without imperillng the magnificent triumiph ! . Under these distressing oiroumstances, we commend Mr. B. 0. Lusecombe's situation to the generous-hearted electors of East Sydney. We believe his £40 cheque to be in imminent danger. Of course he could decline to be nominated, and his little league could deoline to lodge the cheque; but when did Mr. R. O. Luscombe shdw the white feather ? He is hedged in by honotir as if he were a kIing. He will go through the election, though he should have to give up the ghost on the hustings. Thrre is the bull-do tenacity of a Briton in his political pur. poses. There was something heroiac in the reply of the little league to the dopu tation from the Domo.ralio Alliance, Thus it runs:-" As the league's prin. oiplesare now a clear sublject for publio consideration, it is desirable that Mr. Ltecombo's oandidature be persevered with." ' All this is very admirable; but, considering the danger which hovers over the £40,all this'is very pitiful. There fore, we trust fo see a committeeoo of the big-souled free.traders of East Sydney formed to save the £40 to Mr. R. OC. Lus combe and his little league. - 