OUR LONDON LETTER. London, October 31, THE AUTUMN SESSION, The opening of Parliament has been fol lowed by prolonged and animated debates on the Address, and Z have never known a time when party passions were more deeply stirred, or when quiet men could look for ward with less hope to a peaceful political future. There are rumours of compromise en the Franchise Bill, and as the Queen is anxious to have the question settled—a feel ing which is shared by moderate men on both sides—it is of course just possible that a Ttiodvs vivendi may be discovered. But I think that this is more than doubtful. Lord Salisbury, Lord Randolph Churchill, and the more impetuous members of the Conserva tive party are anxious at all costs to force a general election. In Liberal circles the belief is that if the Tory majority in the House of Lords is materially reduced Mr. Gladstone will create fifteen new peers, with iierhapsthe threat of more creations if it is necessary to take this step in order to bring the hereditary Chamber to its senses; but if the Tory ma jority in that House remains immovable, tben the idea is that Her Majesty will be advised to dissolve Parliament in December. At any late, a dissolution is on the cards. The Tories have been made more eager for it by the premature publication of the Minis terial redistribution scheme, which has awakened hostility to the Government in all the small boroughs. This invests the pend ing election at Scarborough with peculiar interest. That borough is marked out for the loss of one seat, and although justice demands the sacrifice, yet electoral human nature is weak, and is apt to resent in its own fashion any attempts to deprive it of a portion of its privileges. The Conservatives count upon having most of the small English boroughs on their side in the coming contest. MINISTERIAL CHANGES. Mr. Dodson has retired from the Chancel lorship of the Duchy of Lancaster in order to make room for Mr. Trevelvan. The change is for the better. A man who is no force in politics makes room for a man who is. Mr. Dodson, as a good type of the dull, heavy, Whig placeman, will make a respect able Liberal peer; while the promotion of Mr. Trevelyan to Cabinet office gives satis faction to every one desirous of seeing a young and rising statesman take his proper place in public affairs. Some Conservative speakers say that the Government have allowed Mr. Trevelvan to be driven from office. This is not true. Ouce during the last session the mental strain which he endured was too much for him and he com pletely broke down, and as his medical adviser warned him that his health was not equal to the fatigue and anxieties of the Irish Secretaryship he was compelled to retire. Mr. Dodson was induced to resign the Chancellorship of the Duchy, and thus a way into the Cabinet was opened to Mr. Trevelyan, who, I hope, will no longer be pursued by the mendacity and rancour of the Parnellite,party. His elevation has necessarily caused other Ministerial changes. Mr Camp bell-Bannerman—a man of much ability, combined with a great amount of good-nature and self-control—has been appointed Chief Secretary for Ireland. It is a serious objection to him that he is a Scotchman, but in the circumstances in which the Government are £ laced I fear that this is unavoidable, as no rishman of sufficient mark would accept the post. The further Ministerial changes will not be formally made until Lord Northbrook has returned from Egypt, but it is no secret that Sir ThomaB Brassey will succeed Mr. Campbell-Bannerman as Secretary to the Admiralty; and it is expected that the place of Civil Lord of the Admiralty now held by Sir T. Brassey will be filled by Mr. R. W. Duff, who, although at present a Scotch M.P. and a Liberal whip, began life in the navy. THE MAAMTRASNA MURDER, Since Parliament reassembled Irish topics have, as was to be expected, asserted tneir right to take precedence of all other public questions, and they have been discussed with even more than the bitterness which Mr. Darnell's followers always manage to impart to their speeches in the House of Commons. Your readers were informed a short time since that there was a probability that the story of the atrocious crime committed in Ireland on August 18,1882, by which nearly a whole family named Joyce were swept off the face of the earth, would be gone over again on account of a letter written by the Archbishop of Tuam to Lord Spencer, stating that Thomas Casey, one of the gang of assassins who turned approver to save him self, now declares that the evidence gone by him at the trial was false, and only spoken because a high official had given him the choice between losing his own life or swearing away the lives of the men in custody. Lord Spencer caused a private enquiry to be made, and having examined the notes submitted to him decided that there was no adequate reason shown for disturbing the judgment on which eight men were convicted, three of whom suffered capital punishment. The Lord Lieutenant's chief reason was tbat none of the approvers had been among the chief witnesses for the prosecution, But the Irish party have seized on Thomas Casey's recanta tion. and Mr. Harrington, M.P., has made it the basis of a pamphlet boldly charging the Government with suppression of evidence on the one hand, and the manipulation of false evidence on the other, with a. view to find victims at all costs. It is allowed that two of the three men executed were guilty, but Myles Joyce is now declared innocent of being accessory to the murder, and four of the five men now undergoing penal servitude are described as no less blameless, although they pleaded guilty at the trial. THE DEBATE IN THE HOUSE. The debate which has taken place in the House of Commons on Mr. Harrington's amendment to the Address, demanding a public enquiry into the whole matter, has been violent, and a* the same time tedious to the last degree, for each of the speakers in snnnort of the amendment has been unable to resist the temptation to retell the ternble stoTy in his own way, and Mr. Labouchere saidtruly that a very great deal had been said od hiB own side utterly "relevant to_ the main question, which was not whether certain men were guilty or innocent, but whether a fair case forenouiry had been made out. Mr. Arthur 0 Connor set the bad example deprecated by Mr.. Labouchere bv boldly asserting his conviction that tne evidence of the independent witnesses was fabrication and perjury from beginning to end, and called upon the Houbb to believe that the murder was done in quite a different manner from that stated in evidence by men dressed in short white garments puUeaover their coats to avoid identification.. Mr. Mealy threatened Mr.Trevelyan with being haunted by the ghost of Myles Joyce, and pronounced a panegyric upon the present testimony ox Thomas Casey, which he said he had found it impossible to shake in a long interview. Colonel Nolan denied, that the Maamtrasna prisoners had been tried before a realJudge I or Jury, and Mr. Redmond declared that until the last depositions of the executed men were produced and a public enquiry had taken place he. should believe that Myles I Joyce was judicially murdered, with Lord Spencer's knowledge. Mr. Parnells speech was far more restrained. He dwelt much on i the discrepancy between Anthony Joyce s de scription of the murderers as men in dark ap parel, and that of the two brothers, Michael | Joyce and Patrick (the sole survivor), who spoke of them as having white clothes and blackfaces. He likewise described the mur j dered family as being in such bad odour—the father being a Ribbonman who had abused his trust—that those who wanted the reward knew pretty well who some of the assassins were likely to be, and named the rest at random. He concluded by pledging himself that the matter should not be smothered, but brought up again and again till enquiry was conceded. The first of the English Conser vatives to make common cause with mi. Harrington was Mr. Gorst,who sharply at tacked the speech of the Solicitor- General for Ireland, denouncing the amendment as a step taken with the intention to discredit the administration of justice in Ireland-and tbe next was Lord Randolph Churchill, who assumed ahighly patronising air.towards the Government, professed great impartiality, and assured Her Majesty s Government that, if by yielding thiB point, they obtained a few Irish votes "they need fear no taunts from him." He also claimed enquiry on the ground that Lord Hartington had pro mised it at the close of last session. Mr. Trevelyan replied to Lord R.. Churchill m a very able address, giving first the text of the reply made by.Lord Harrington, which was entirely conditional, and then defending the action of Lord Spencer on the merits of the case. He commented on the fact that Thomas Casey had stuck to his original evidence for nearly two years, and in reply to the jibes, of his opponents that iuBtice is not administered in Ireland, be pointed out that agrarian murders had become almost extinct in that country, and declared that this was a consolation to him for any attacks which might be made on the Irish government. Sir William Harcourts speech was a masterpiece of close reasoning. He told the House that Lord Spencer had referred to him before replying to the Arch bishop's letter, and that having investigated the subject just as he would have done any English murder case he saw no reason tor interfering with the sentence of the law. ae asked the House whether it was entitled to disbelieve the testimony of three men and one respectable woman, who had sworn to having seen certain men enter the house where the murder took place, on the assertion of a man who, on his own showing, was both an accessory to murder and a perjurer. MR. GLADSTONE S REPLY. On Tuesday the debate was resumed on the IriBh Bide by Mr. McCarthy, who said nothing new, but distinguished himself, at any rate* by the good temper and courtesy ot his remarks. Then Mr. Gladstone took the floor, and in a deeply earnest mid high pitched address, which did not disdain such particulars as it has been necessary, for the defenders of the Government to insist upon or dispose of, again and again, made an im pression which no other speech on theques tion could make, because it seized boldly upon the real and tremendous issue at state so far as the Irish government is concerned. Mr. Gladstone stripped away a great .deal that had gathered around the seemingly modest motion as amended by Mr. Labou chere, and showed that it really involved a virtual impeachment of Lord Spencer, to whose high moral, as well as statesman like, qualities the Premier paid a warm tribute. Alluding to the manner in which the Irish government had been assailed, he said he could not understand such terms used in reference to men we revere and love even more than we admire them." The persons, lie said, who use these terms "speak to us in a foreign language. Here the Irish members caught up the word "foreigner," and applying it literally to themselves,shouted Thats the truth, we are foreigners!" The Speaker interfered, and the Premier simply remarked that his words were applied as he had not meant them. The OTJorman Mahon brought the debate to an end with an impassioned appeal for enquiry, and then the House divided. The result was as follows:—For. the amend ment, 48; against, 219; majority for the Government, 171. Thus the Parnelhtes.did not gain much by their alliance with Lord Randolph Churchill and Mr. Gorst, who received no support from the bulk of their party. Butl a night or two afterwards the Parnellites were able to wreak vengeance on the Ministerialists by joining in the crusade against Mr. Chamberlain. A SCENE IN TUB HOUSE OF.COMMONS. The riots at the Tory meetingat Birming ham have greatly exercised the Conservative mind, and in particular have tempted Lord Randolph Churchill and Sir Henry Wolff to attempt the arduous quest of gibbeting Mr. Chamberlain, an undertaking which, I need hardly say, has proved far beyond the capa city of either of these clever gentlemen. They actually appear to have unagined that they could drive Mr. Chamberlam from the Government, if not from political life, by making out that he had used language directly inciting to a breach of the peace, and by endeavouring in some way to connect him personally with the disturbance at Aston Hall The little plot began. on Thursday week with an attack made by Sir Henry Wolff on Mr. Chamberlain for his alleged complicity with the rioters; but the Presi dent of the Board of Trade would not allow himself to be drawn. On the following even ing he was asked by Sir F. Milner whether it was true that, apropos of the said, riot, he had thus spoken of Lord Randolph Chnrcbill—" This is the man who is so indig nant because the working men of Birming ham took him at his word and pulled off the coping of a wall to attend the meeting at I which they had been invited, and which the I Tory managers were, by a transparent fraud, endeavouring to palm off as a representation of the people of Birmingham." Mr. Chamberlain replied that the question, though substantially accurate, was incom plete, since it did not include his preceding reference to Lord Randolph Churchill's own declaration made at an Edinburgh meeting in 1883, that" he would never give his assent to the Franchise Bill till the labourers had shown their earnestness by pulling down railings and engaging the police." Lord R. Churchill rose to order, and asked whether it was in order for a Minister to put into the mouth of a member words which he had not uttered. Mr. Chamberlain, however, insisted that his version of Lord Randolph's remark was substantially accurate. The latter then pressed Mr. Chamberlain to say whether, before the debate on the address dosed, he would or would not answer the oharge of direct complicity in the riots. Mr. Chamberlain answered briskly that nothing would give him greater pleasure. He had only refrained from replying to the state ments of Sir H. D, Wolff because he had supposed "he was acting as jackall to the noble lord." Lord Randolph Churchill was thin-skinned enough to ask, "in the interests of Parliamentary decency"—of which, as everybody knows, he is so habitually jealous —whether it was in order for one member to apply to another the term "jackall." The Speaker urbanely suggested that the word was probably used in only a figurative sense, and suggested, amid roars of laughter, that the noble lord should not take it too literally. Sir Stafford solemnly gave the House to understand that he was scandalised by the expression, whereupon Mr. Chamberlain, with equal gravity, remarked that his inten tion in using the objectionable phrase was exactly the same as that of Sir S. Northcote himself, who not long since, in a figura tive speech, described Lord R. Churchill as a ' bonnet." The subject was resumed on Monday, when Lord R. Churchill assured the House that upon the earliest opportunity allowed by the state of public business, " he would see what he could do to draw the badger." This was a weak attempt to imitate Mr. Chamberlain's humour, and felt rather flat on the House. THE CHAMBERLAIN MOTION OF CENSURE. After such a flourish of trumpets it was impossible to delay a serious encounter between the contending Powers, aud ac cordingly last night Lord R. Churchill moved the amendment of which he had given notice, to the effect that the House regretted to find in " the speeches and actions" of the President of the Board of Trade " an incite ment to interference with the freedom of political discussion, and a justification of riot and disorder." Lord Randolph, in a somewhat prolix, although occasionally humorous speech, proceeded to quote numerous extracts from addresses which Mr. Chamberlain delivered at Hawley and elsewhere with a view to show that the right honourable gentleman's language was both calculated and designed to provoke dis order. He contended that Mr. Chamberlain had used expressions quite as violent as those for employing wnick Mr. Timothy Harrington had been degraded to " the level of a convict in a common gaol; and he asked " whether Mr. Chamberlain would be invited to step down from his saloon carriage, pluck the orchid from his button hole, ana don the rough but serviceable habiliments of the Birmingham Peniten tiary?" He endeavoured to connect Mr. Chamberlain with the Aston Hall riots by pointing out that, although the right honour able gentleman had been distinctly charged witb being responsible for those disturb ances, he had not ventured upon a denial of the charge. One amusing feature of Lord Randolph's remarks was that every extract he read from Mr. Chamberlain's speeches with a view to criminate him was loudly cheered by tbe Liberal party in the House. The noble lord then gave details of the forging of tickets and the hiring of roughs at Birmingham, for which he declared that the Liberal Associa tion was responsible. Tbe President of the Board of Trade, he said, created that Asso ciation in its modern form ; he was at once its father and its child, and must therefore share in the responsibility and guilt of the j malpractices which have been committed by its agents. Mr. Chamberlain's reply was perhaps the most powerful and effective speech he has yet made in the House of Com mons. He averred that he took no part whatever in the Liberal Association of Bir mingham beyond being a subscriber; that he never hired a rough in his life : and did not j believe that there had been any forging of tickets in Birmingham, although if there had been, be knew nothineabout it. He read the depositions of Mr. Wiggett, President of the Machine Toolmakers' Society, in which he states that he applied for and obtained from the Conservative agent 600 tickets of ad mission to the Conservative meeting, and yet, having a Gladstone rosette in his buttonhole, he was refused admission on the pretence that his ticket was forged. The Secretary of tbe Conservative Association at Birmingham invited Liberals as well as Conservatives to be present, and yet when they made their appearance at the hall{ with tickets fur nished by the Association itself, they were told that they were the bearers of forged tickets, and refused admission. Mr. Cham berlain then read the depositions of a number of Tory roughs, who said that they had been hired by the Conservatives to assist in knock ing down Liberals, and exDelling them from the meeting. _ In the subsequent debate nothing was said which in the least weakened the force of Mr. Chamberlain's speech, although probably not a single vote on one side or the other was affected by it. The division took place on strictly party lines. The Conservatives voted in a body for Lord R, Churchill's amendment, and their num bers were largely increased by tbe votes of the Parnellites, who appear to delight in throwing to the winds anything like prin ciple or consistency. The amendment was rejected by a majority of 36 in a House of 402 members. The effect of the debate and division will be to largely increase the influ ence of Mr. Chamberlain in the country. THE SOUTH AFRICAN DEBATE. j At last we have had a reul debate on the affairs of South Africa, and I am disposed to think that it was as satisfactory as could be expected in tbe present state of political parties in this country. Sir Charles Warren —probably tbe most competent administrator we have sent to South Africa for many years past—is to go to Bechuanaland, and a force is to be placed at his disposal large enough to enable him to hold that territory against all comers. This is the most important event which has happened since the negotiation of what is now satirically called " The Treaty of Majuba." Sir Henry Holland was very severe in his strictures of the laissez-faire policy of the Colonial Office, which has brought upon us so much difficulty and ex pense. He criticised its desertion of Mr. MacKenzie, who was left to uphold British authority in a country overrun with freebooters without a force of even fifty policemen to maintain tbe authority of the Crown ; and he especially condemned the conduct of the Colonial Office in not taking immediate steps to bring to justice the murderers of poor Mr. Betbell, who was shot through the head by two Boers—the name of one of whom is known—ob be lay wounded j on the ground. Mr. Woodehouse, a son of a former Governor of the Cape, made a strong Imperial speech. He appealed to the Go vernment to maintain the Bovereignjjauthonty of the Czown in South Africa. Ibis high tone was well maintained by other speakers. Mr. Ashley, the Under-Secretary, made a rather lame defence of the Government, but he fully admitted the fact that Mr. Bethell had been barbarously murdered, and ex- , pressed his opinion that the murderers ought not to be tried in the Transvaal, but Bhould be handed over to a British Court-martial in Bechuanaland. It will go hard with the assassins if they are ever caught. It used to be said of Sir M. Hicks-Beach that he always spoke with a coldness which implied a want of heart, but he succeeded in producing a more favourable impression in the present debate by the unwonted emphasis with which he pleaded the cause of the natives. Mr. Forster delivered one of his sledge-hammer speeches, and irritated the Ministerialists by the pitilesB manner in which he exposed the imbecility of Lord Derby's policy in South Africa. Mr. Chamberlain wound up the debate with a brief speech, in which he argued that the Government were not free to act with vigour at an earlier period, because they could not afford to exasperate_the Dutch party at the Cape. No doubt Sir Charles Warren will have a few cavalry placed at his disposal, but I think he will mainly rely upon a volunteer force. He is expected to raise a force of this kind in England, and to take it out to Africa with him. The men thus enrolled will probably be called "Old Country Volunteers." There can be no doubt that the organization of such a body of men would excite emulation at the Cape, and that plenty of volunteers would rally round the British flag. EGYPT. The instructions which the Government addressed to Lord Wolseley before he left England, together with other important correspondence relative to General Gordon, have just been published. Many people had hoped against hope that the Government would see their way to retain Khartoum^ as the key of Upper Egypt and the chief point through which the slave trade could be suc cessfully attacked. I may state parentheti cally that at Manchester on Saturday Mr. H. M. Stanley showed, from his own experi ence, that the greatest horrors were being perpetrated on the Upper Congo by Arab ruffians who acted as the agents of the slave dealers of Khartoum ; but, however impor tant the possession of this now famous city may be, either from its strategic position or from its former infamous connection with the slave traffic, Her Majesty's Government ap pear determined to exclude itpermanently from the limits of the Egyptian do minions. Lord Wolseley is informed that " the primary object of the expedition up the Valley of the Nile is to bring away General Gordon and Colonel Stewart from Khartoum." He is also told that " when that object has been secured no further offensive operations I of any kind are to he undertaken." He is to use his best endeavours "to ensure the safe retreat of the Egyptian troops which consti tute the Khartoum garrison, and of such of the civil employes of Khartoum, together with their families, as may wish to return to Egypt"—but he is to take no steps for the relief of the beleagured garrisons in Darfour, the Bahr-ol-Gazelle, and the equatorial pro vinces. With regard to the futnre govern ment of the Soudan, Lord Wolseley receives very general instructions. The Government would be glad to see an independent autho rity established south of Wady-Halfa, but the new ruler *• will have to rely solely on his own strength in order to maintain his position." He might however, depend upon receiving a subsidy ! from the Egyptian Exchequer, if he would agree (1) to maintain order between Wady Halfa and Khartoum, (2) to remain at peace and to encourage trade with Egypt, and (3) to discourage and prevent by every means in his power the slave trade, with its attendant wars and kidnapping expeditions. The most recent messages from General Gordon are given. Theybear date the 17th and 18th of September. He still urges that Zebehr Pasha shall be sent to the Soudan ; but he says that if the Sultan would send 200.000 of his troops, that province couid be banded over to him. He ex-plains that on his arrival at Khartoum he "found it impossible to withdraw the soldiers and employes to Egypt on account of the insnrrection of the Arabs, and the com munications being interrupted:" and it was for this reason that he asked to he helped with reinforcements. He is evidently completely in the dark as to the present intentions of the Government with respect to the Soudan, and he asks that a telegram may be Bent in Arabic, which the people wiii understand, and which will clear up that matter once for all. In a remarkable passage he explains that it has been im possible for him to make public the firmau of the Egyptian Government announcing the evacuation of the Soudan by the troopB of the Khedive, because if he aid so the people would imagine that the rule of the Sultan had ceased to exist, and that there was no Government in the country except that of the Mahdi. Moreover, the Mahdi himself would have been encouraged to come with a large army from Kordofan and to capture ana pillage Khartoum. He attributes the recent inaction of that personage to a belief on his part that the Soudan would not be abandoned by Egypt. By this time General Gordon muBt know, in the language of Lord Granville's de spatch to Mr. Egerton of August 15, that Her Majesty's Government have no intention to modify their policy on this snbject, as in their judgment the events of the past year have only confirmed their previous opinion that the extension of Egyptian rule over j these distant countries has been injurious to the interests of the people of Egypt." Before passing from this correspondence I must quote a few words from Gordon's telegram of July 30. He says—" It may be bad taste to say it, bnt if we get out of this give Stewart a K.C.M.G., and spare me at all costs. You will thus save me the disagreeableness of having to refuse, but I hate these things." This illustrates the hero's noble indifference to earthly honours. Zebehr has lately re ceived information from Khartoum as to the number of rebels massed in that locality, which, alter making all necessarydednctions. justifies the belief that Lord Wolseley -will nave to fight his way from Dongola to Khar toum. According to Zebehrk messengers, 100,000 insurgents are now gathered in the country round that plaoe. A DEPLORABLE FALL. The dragging of an honourable name in the dust is a sorry topic; but yet a history of the last few days public events would be incom plete without some reference to tha con viction of George Hampden Whalley, late M.P. for Peterborough, at the Central Cri minal Court, ou the charge of stealing pro perty from a furnished house which he hired as a residence for himself and his wife at Coleherne-roail, Kensington. This unhappy maiij only 33 years of age, came by the death of his father, the well-known and eccentric altra-Protestant champion in the House of Commons, into a splendid fortune, and was accepted by the electors of Peterborough as his father's legitimate successor in the repre sentation of that place. _ Unfortunately he had contracted wild habits during his early manhood while serving with a volunteer force in the Zulu war; and it may be reason ably doubted whether his mind was altogether that of a completely responsible man. Last summer he became the tenant of Sirs. Gamble, a lady, who on letting her house furnished, reserved one room as the depository of her most valuable possessions, which she consigned to drawers and trunks, not only locked but sealed. She also took the precaution to demand her rent in ad vance, and received a bill at sight for £45, which, ou being presented for payment, turned out to be waste paper. - This discovery led Mrs. Gamble to take legal measures for regaining posses sion of her house at once; and having done so .she found that her closed room had been forced open, and her sealed boxes and drawers plundered of .their contents to the value of £200. These, on subsequent investigation, were proved to have been pledged for Mr. Whalley by a young man, 19 years of age, named Herbert, "brought up as a gentle man," who lived with him. The confederates escaped to Boulogne in the first instance, but were eventually arrested, and when the case came for trial they had virtually no defence to offer. The Recorder, in passing on Mr. Whalley a sentence of nine months' im prisonment, spoke feelingly of the pain it gave him to see the son of one he had known so well in so sad a position. THE WORKING MEN AND THE PEERS. The British public are suffering from a surfeit of demonstrations, but they are cer tain to. be continued, althongh, perhaps in diminishing numbers, until the franchise question is settled. At the present moment there seems to he no chance of a compromise, Lord Salisbury and his colleagues having apparently persuaded themselves that, if they are able to force a dissolution of Parlia ment, they will either secure a majority or reduce the Ministerial majority to a figure which will practically prevent Mr. Glad stone from carrying on the Government of the country. On Sunday last the working men's demonstration against the House of Lords took place in Hyde Park, and the reporters are generally agreed that the attendance did not fall far snort of 100,000. These numbers are very large, especially if regard be had to the fact that many working men object on re ligious grounds to attend meetings held on the day of rest. Michael Davitt, who had been expected to take part in the proceedings, sent a letter in which he protested against the democracy making a bridge of retreat for the Honse of Lords. He hoped that the Peers would throw out the Franchise Bill, and thns effectually compass their own destruction. There are, I think, some members of the hereditary Chamber upon whom the signifi cance of this counsel from Michael Da vitt^will not be lost. The resolution which was passed unanimously at all the platforms expressed the views of the vast assemblage in laconic terms. It simply declared that " The House of Peers in Parliament is useless and danger ous, and out to be abolished." If the Lords wish to prolong the existence of their House they must yield while the door of compromise is yet open. 