Tales and Sketches. THE GHOST AT THE GRANGE. (From the Chrutme* Number of London ■ • Society ) (Continued from our last.) For some minutes the two' children were too excited to give any coherent account; but at last we gathered that they had. undressed and'said their prayers without hearing anything un usual, and, as Effie Baid,"just left off thinking at all about it;" but no sooner had they put the light out and got into bed tb.au they again heard the soft sing w*uck 'tney had heard the night be .ore, and which thev now not un naturally connected with the legend. 'Look here, Mary,' I said, ' these two. little barefooted maidens wilf cat^h. their death of cold. • Pop them into "bed at once in the room you intended fx me, and I'll take theirs. The • ^ost is ■welcome to come and sing (,f n,„ much as she likes, so long - - si,p something pretty.' . * SbB It was clear that th ,, 'IvjiJ-.,, „ ' too frightened to go -"tj „ ?n. same room, and V ^ fnllv adnntori m* ***? ^^ere^ore thank £riswere?pe^/,8U^8«0?- J^two which I was tHo,^0m lent me ♦ ™ occupied, and Tom ^ same time calling my attention to • corgpwhat peculiar construction of jc use" It. had been built by a ormer proprietor, who apparently desired to- make as much show as pos ifible for his money. On each side of »- • nail door was a large room' with •_ ee Windows, and similar rooms above. Xhis por tion of the building was two stoned high. In addition to this cen ■j. P'Ortion there was a wing, one story on each side, so that the house together had a frontage of some eight ^nd- twenty windows which, shaded by creeping plants of various descrip tions, gave it a very picturesque and imposing appearance. But in point of ■ ™ ?*ze ^ appearance was delusive. The whole house was only one room deep from hack to front, the rooms more remote from the centre being ap pro ached by a long passage which ran ■along the hack of each floor, termina tang at the door of the outer room in each wing. ' It was the further room on the upper floor of the left wing which Mabel and FfEe had occupied, my . brother-in-law's room being next to it, and the one which I was to hare' occu jied next to that. The rest of the iamilyand the whole of the servants wept m the other part of the house, so that the two children's alarm had not spread any further. On being left to myself, I locked the door, and took a survey of the apart ?enk There was nothing at all pecu liar about it. It was simply a decently furnished country bedroom. The chairs and table were of the old-fashioned spindle-legged description,- a 'hundred years old at the least, but m good pre servation. I pulled up the blind and looked out of the window. It was a clear moonlight night, and I found that my window was in the extreme end wall of the house, looking into a lane at the ®de. I drew the blind down again and undressed, without hearing a sound save the low moan of the waves on the sea shore, which was about a miledistant. I settled in my own mind that this must have been the sound which the children's fancy had transmitted into a ghostly singing; and reflecting, with some little complacency, how easily such matters are explained when they come to he examined by a hard-headed man like myself, who never allows his nerves to get the better of his discretion, I put out the lights and got into bed. I was Beginning to get sleepy, and was lazily reflecting how I woiild roast those two silly nieces of mine in the morning when I heard a sound which was clearly not the moan of the distant waves, and which made me wide awake • instantly. My little niece had de scribed it exactly. It waa the crooniDg sound of a lullaby, the kind of song with which a mother hushes her child to sleep. I could not distinguish any words, but the cadence of some sort of tune was clearly discernible. Instantly I jumped out of bed, and sprang to the window. I could see clearly both up ana down the lane, but there waa not a creature in sight. I listened, but nothing was now audible j and a grow ing chilliness about the legs prompted me to get into bed again, without delay, ■which I did, leaving the blind np, and the moonlight streaming full into''the room. -y.iopii' AH was quiet, and I was beginning to persuade myself that I had been de ceived after all by my own imagination, when suddenly I heard the Bame sound again. I sat up iu bed. It ceased. I lay. down, and it was once more audi ble ; but I noted that the tune did not appear to begin anew, but rather to be resumed at a further point, as though the momentary interruption had been in my own consciousness, • Again I sat up ; the sound ceased, I lay down; it was audible again. Suddenly the obvious explanation flashed across me. Some stupid practical joker bad piit a "musical box inside my pillow. 1 was delighted with my discovery, and the words, ' strong common sense,' ' not to be imposed Upon,' ' hard-beaded man of business,' and so on, once more floated pleasantly through my brain. I jumped out of bed, hugging the guilty pillow to me, and listened; but all was silent. Perhaps it required the pressure of the head to start .the music. I squeezed it, sat upon it, thumped it; but all to no purpose, except to make my lower extremities once more ex tremely cold, and to satisfy' myself that, wherever the secret might lie, it was not in the pillow. As soon as I lay down the sound was again audible, and this time I could hear not only the crooning lullaby sound, but a wailing also, as though of a child in pain. ' Good heavens!' I exclaimed—for I was gradually^ coming round to the1 ghostly hypothesis—1 then there are two I had almost made up my mind to one ghost of some sort; but I didn't feel called upon to tackle two single handed, while at the Bame time I felt an intense desire to get to the bottom of the matter —if, indeed, it had a bottom at all. Hastilyslippingonmy clothes, I knocked at my brother-in-law's door. ' "What is it ?' murmured a sleepy .' That is just what T am trying to findj out, and I want you to come and help | me. Tell Mary not to disturb herself, for there iB nothing whatever to be alarmed at—merely a curious , sound which I want to account for.' ' All right,' said Tom; ' I'll he' with you in two minutes.' And in little more he and Mary too—for she would not be left behind—were in my room. They heard my story, and listened to the sound, which still presented the same phenomenon of being only audible when the head was laid upon or close to the pillow. "We had searched-the ro'om. in vain, when Mary's woman's wits gave her an idea which our slower masculine intellects might, unassisted, never have.hit on. 'How stupid we are?' she said. 'Of course that sound is not really here at all.' .; "We looked at her in blank amazement. ' I; mean,' she said,' that it really comae—-that it is tele—what do you call it?—telephoned from somewhere else, through the wall.' ' ti very good idea,' I- said. 'What room is under this ?* ' The library,' said Tom. ' Then let us explore the library.' As quietly as we could, we went downstairs and examined the library; but without result. ' Nothing here,' I said. ' Now then, what is on the other side of that wall upstairs?' ' Nothing on the Bame level with your room,' replied Tom. 'There is a sort of shed or lean-to against the back wall, but it doesn't go so high as the upper story.'' ' Then wc must explore the lean-to,' I said. ' We shall find nothing there,' said Tom; 'it's full of hay, to the best of my belief, and the door is padlocked ; but we'll explore it if you like. I'll get tbe stable lantern.' 'Isball come too,' said Maiy. 'I should be twice ns nervous if I were left alone here.' We paused in the hall to slip 'on all the extempore wraps available; and then, Tom having lighted his lantern, we made our way round the house to the door of the shed. ' Hallo !' said Tom; ' the padlock's off ; but it's little consequence, for there's nothing to steal: a lot of hay and a few gardening tools—that's about the whole inventory. Why, & heavens! what's.tbisf Tom, as he fcpohe, had chanced to tarn the light of the'lantern on the gfound, and there, curled up in the Kay,, lay a hoy about five years old, with A girl some two years younger in his arms, both sound asleep, . • Mary's motherly brill's were round them in a moment. ; _ , ".Poor little innocents !'' she said. * What a blessing we have found them. 1 wonder they are not dead of cold or hunger. They very soon' would have been. Poor dear, little bo ills ! Here, Tom, that rug. I'll take the girl; now you take the boy. Let us get them into the house as quick as we possibly can.' 'And what am I to do?' I said. 'You two seem to carry off all the honours of the discovery? 'Never mind, John,' said my sister, with a Saucy glance over her shoulder, ' you shall carry—the lahtern.' And I carried the lantern accordingly. ' Well, we haven't caught the ghost,' said Tom, as we rounded the corner of the house ; ' but still, if it hadn't been for the ghoBt we shouldn't have found these two youngsters.' ' No,' I said,' we haven't found the ghost.' ' We have found the ghost, you- silly fellows,' said my sister. 'What you heard, John, was this poor little soul crying, and her dear little brother try ing to hush her to sleep.' ■ At this moment the little girl woke up with a piteous face, and saidj ' Mammie!' - ' We'll take you to mammie,' said Mary, kissing the little outstretched hand. The child gave one sleepy look into the kind eyes that bent over her, and, fully satisfied, tucked a little cold hand under Mary's soft plump" chin, and went to sleep again instantly.' 'But how could I hear that up in mv room,?'I said. \- ' Ah, that is for you scientific gentle men to discover. But I'm quite sure I'm right.' And we afterwards discovered that she .was right. A very old and dry piece of timber passed up the wall from the spot where the two children had been lying, and terminated just behind the bedhead in the room above ; and we found by experiment that any sound below was Conducted from the Olie point to the other. , In such commonplace fashion ends my only ghoBt story. How the little babes in the wood were forthwith fed with warm milk and bread, and popped into warm baths, and then cuddled to Bleep in the kind of arms of sister Mary and cousin Kate ; and how they were claimed in the morning by a half distracted mother, after having been missing from home, some miles distant, over six-and-thirty hours; and the joy of the poor mother on receiving back her little ones safe and sound; and the gifts and the kisses which they carried away with them; all these must be left to the reader's imagination ; but I can tell him that they made that particular Christmas, to all concerned, the most glorious Christmas that has ever been spent in the memory of man. • It is many years ago since then. The "dear old lady" has gone to her rest, and my hair is as white as hers was then. Kate Loraine is Kate Broadwood now, and two strapping boys call her 'Mamma/ She has taken to caps, but her smile is as sweet as ever. Mabel and Efiie have lasses of their own, who domineer over ' Uncle John' lust as unmercifully as their'mothers did before them. Tom and MaTy will still keep up the good old custom of a family gathering at Christmas Eve. And it has become a regular thing that m the "dimmets," just before the candles are lighted, Uncle John shall tefia story. Each year ho struggles with his tyrants; each year he pleads at least to be allowed to tell some other story; but in vain; he is compelled— nothing extenunting—to recount the full, true, and particular history of' The Ghost at .the Grange.' Anoelo J. Lewis. Thmocent Dkab.—A gentleman was poring oyer what to giro a young lady friend, and at Ia»tdecidod that it ihould be a ring, and «aid to her: ' Now, my dear friend, what kind of ring wonld you Lko ? It is ro rery purzling; there are to many eorte.' ' Well, Sir. Smith, one, you know, don't liko to make a choice in thcBo raattert—little dolicate—you understand j but, really, if you ineirt upon it—why, I ihould like an engagement ring!' ySe thp innocent 