gfetfo of the ihureheo The Editor will be glad to receive contributions for this Column from ministers and others, but to insure insertion all communications must be condensed and brief. EPISCOPALIAN. A harvest festival service was held at St. Peter's Cathedral on Friday evening, Feb. 1. The sacred edifice was decorated with sheafs of wheat, fruit, flowers, etc. There was a large congregation. Full choral evensong was sung. The Ven. Archdeacon Dove, M.A., preached an eloquent sermon. The institution of Archdeacon Farr, LL.D., as incumbent of St. Luke's Church, Adelaide, took place in the church on Monday evening, February 4. There was a very large congregation. After an impressive service Bishop Kennion gave an address, basing his remarks on the following text:—" Take heed therefore unto yourselves and to all the flock over which the Holy Ghost hath made you overseers, to feed the church of God which he hath purchased with His own blood."—Acts, xx. 28. The Rev. A. G Rawstorne (bishop's chaplain), Dean Russell, Archdeacon Marryat the Rev. M. M. Whitton, and the Revs. Messrs. Ives and Ward took part in the service, and the keys of the church were presented to Archdeacon Farr by- Messrs. A. S. Jepson (minister's warden) and T. Hall (people's warden). Mr. Warhurst ably presided at the organ. The Rev. George Shepheard Ives, B.A., of Jesus College, Cambridge, who has lately arrived from England, has been licensed by the Anglican Bishop of Adelaide to act as curate to the Ven. Archdeacon Marryat, M.A., at Christ Church, North Adelaide, and at the Mission School Church, at Lower North Adelaide. PRESBYTERIAN. The annual business meeting of the Flinders-street Presbyterian Church was held on Wednesday evening, January 30. It was preceded by a social tea, and both meetings were well attended. After devotional exercises, Mr. T. W. Fleming, who occupied the chair, before the ordinary business meeting was proceeded with, presented the Rev. Jas. Lyall with a cheque for £47 lis., in view of his approaching holiday. Mr. Lyall responded in fe. ling terms. The secretary (Mr. J. S. Knox) then read the fortyfourth annual report, which in reviewing the church work, referred first to the financial position. Reference was then made to the Sabbath-school, which is making steady progress, the only drawback being an insufficient staff of regular male teachers. The Dorcas Society has held its meetings monthly, with satisfactory results. The Total Abstinence Society had well maintained its own during the year, an increase of members being recorded, and as the result of one of their exhibitions, £27 was realized towards the New Hebrides Mission. Over £25 has been handed over to the 6ame object from a course of lectures and entertainments ; £88 10s. has been collected towards the Home and Foreign Mission Fund. The Juvenile Missionary Society's collections of £35 Lad been allocated as follows— New Hebrides Mission, £20 ; City Mission, £7 10s. j Aborigines' Friends' Association, £7 10s.; alsothat twenty-nine persons had been added to the fellowship of the church. The Treasurer (Mr. W. P. Weller) then read the balance sheet, which showed the income to be £977, and the expenditure, £1,049. The report and balance sheet were adopted and ordered to be printed. Mr. James W. Marshall was elected President, Mr. J. S. Knox re-elected Secretary, and Mr. W. P. Weller re-elected Treasurer for the ensuing year. The meeting was closed in the usual manner by Mr. Lyall. PRIMITIVE METHODIST. On Sunday, January 20th, and the four following evenings the annual missionary meetings in connection with the Mount Barker Primitive Methodist circuit were held in Calington, Mount Barker, Hay Valley, and Nairne. In the unavoidable absence of the Rev. J. Goodwin, who had been appointed a deputation to these Churches by the last District meeting, the claims of the Missions were set forth by the Revs. W. R. Stephenson and R. J. Daddow, ministers of the circuit. The report showed an increase of over 0,000 members during the Connexional year, while it was stated that £3G,8G5 17s. 4d. had been raised for the general work of the Missions during the same period. The contribution of the Mount Barker circuit was over £40. The meetings were a success, and, helped by a donation of £5 10s. from Mr. G. Mills, of Hay Valley, their financial result was very gratifying WESLEYAN. Special services in connection with the opening of the new lecture-hall and class-rooms that have just been erected at the rear of the Wesleyan Church at the Semaphore were held on Sunday, Feb. 3, when the Rev. D. O Donnell preached morning and evening. In the afternoon a service of song entitled " Her Benny " was rendered by a powerful choir, under the conductorship of Mr. P. Sansoru. The connective readings were given by Mr. T. Hack. The services were well attended. On Tuesday evening a tea meeting and a promenade concert took place in the hall in aid of the same object. The attendances were very large. An extensive assortment of fancy articles left over from the bazaar lately held were offered for sale, and a good business done. A social tea and meeting in connection with the Wesleyan Dorcas and Tract Society, Gawler, was held on Wednesdaj' evening, January 30, when upwards of 100 persons sat down to a good tea provided in the schoolroom. After tea a public meeting was held, presided over by the Rev. J. Nicholson, who in the course of a short address adverted to the need there was for innocent recreation for young people in connection with the church. The Rev. T. A. James also gave an interesting address on " The power of adaptation in the church to undertake varied forms of work." The following programme was gone through :— Glees and rounds by a company of voices; song, "No, Sir," Miss Annells : recitation, Miss S. Marsh ; song, "Too Late." Rev. J. Nicholson ; recitation, Mr. Millikan ; solo, "The Mill Stream," Mis- C. Dean; solo, "The Bridge." Miss K. Jones ; reading, " The Dorcas Society," Mr. H. Wilkinson: solo, "Apart," Miss Victoria Wincev; solo, "Blow High, Blow Low," Mr. T. Wilkinson. The doxology closed a very interesting meeting. About £5 5s. was collected. MISCELLANEOUS?. A meeting of the Marion and Sturt division of the Blue Ribbon Army was held at the Bible Christian Chapel, Sturt, on Thursday, Jan. 31. The attendance was rather poor. Mr. A. Attersoll presided over the meeting. Addresses were delivered by Mr. T. Parsons and Mr. D. Spencer, a recitation by Miss S. Parsons, and a reading by Mr. F. J. Thomas. The Burnside division of the Blue Ribbon Army held its second meeting in the Christian Chapel, Burnside, on Tuesday evening, Feb. 4, the vice-president (W. E. Boyton) in the chair. Telling addresses were given by the chairman, Mr. W. D. Bohn (sec. of Norwood division), Mr. J. Townley (of Adelaide division). Master Vasey gave a recitation, and the whole of the proceedings were of the most enjoyable and profitable character. At the close seven added their names and donned the blue, making a total of eighty-seven members. INTERCOLONIAL. The population of Kensington, Newmarket, and Flemington-hill, Vic., having greatly increased, the want of increased church accommodation is much felt. Mr. E. B. Wight has kindly given a site for an Anglican Church on Kensington-hill, and a handsome donation towards the building, conditionally on a further sum of £000 being raised by the end of June. Vigorous efforts are being made to fulfil the condition. A congregational meeting was held at Chalmer's Presbyterian Church, Sandhurst, on the 28th instant, to decide as to the calling of a minister to succeed the Rev. T. E. Ick, M.A. It was unanimously agreed to call the Rev. O. M. Riordan, at the stipend of £400 per annum. The late John Bright, storekeeper, of Wollongong, has bequeathed to the Sustenation and Extension Society of the Wesleyan Methodist Church in New South Wales, property of the value of £40,000. This is equal to a permanent revenue of upwards of £2,000 per annum for extending and consolidating the operations of the church. A slight sensation has been created by the theft of certain missionary and other moneys from the Gheringhapstreet Congregational Sunday-school, Melbourne. The thieves have not yet been detected. During the past three years a weekly religious service has been held on the estate of Messrs. J. and T. Kitchen at Pakenham, conducted with occasional help by the manager, Mr. Hatfield, in his own residence. Messrs. Kitchen have now added to many previous benefits to the district the gift of a neat, well-furnished chapel for about 120 persons. On Monday, January 21, the employes entertained the donors and friends at tea. The Rev. J. D. Hennessy, an energetic Wesleyan minister in Queensland, sent in his resignation to the Conference lately held in Sydney. The statistics of the Queensland Primitive Methodist District are as follows :—Ministers 28, (increase 0); local preachers 100, (increase 27); class leaders, 52 ; connexional churches 42, (increase 4); other places preached at, 100; value of church property, £17,005 18s. Od.; members in society 947, (increase 156); Sunday-schools, 50, (increase 8); teachers, 300, (increase 35); scholars, 2,510, (increase 339); adherents and attendants at public worship, 8,200, The following resolutions were passed at the late Wesleyan Conference in Melbourne:—"That this conference hears with satisfaction the efforts which have been made by the committee appointed to take steps for receiving the union of Methodist churches, and, believing that such union will be for the glory of God and for the good of man, pledges itself to co-operate with the other Methodist bodies in seeking to bring about the desired result as the providence of God may indicate;" and " That while, on the three points in the scheme prepared by the united committee, there is a difference of opinion in this conference, notwithstanding that this conference asks the general conference to consider the scheme, and take such action in regard to Methodist union as may deem safe and desirable. The secretary of the Wesleyan conference read the following report of the number of members, etc., attending the churches of Victoria and Tasmania :—The total of full members at the commencement of the year was 13.851, the Tasmanian proportion 1,587. The total now was in Victoria 14,338, in Tasmania 1,065. Thus the increase during the year had been 487. There were on trial for church membership 1,005. These facts were recognised as being highly satisfactory, and the report was unanimously adopted. WHAT IS A CHRISTIAN ?—If you come to us and say you are a praying man, we answer we are glad; but we would like to ask your wife and children what your praying is doing for you. If you say you daily read the Bible, that is right; but let us ask your partner in business how much of its teaching you practise. If you say you are a member of the church, we are glad of that if you are a worthy member, if not—we are sorry for the church ; but let us go on to the street to see whether the people you daily meet think you ought to be a church member. So it oomes to pass that a bundle of Christian duties may be diy and useless, or they may be the evidence of a sincere Christian life. Whether a man is a Christian or not depends entirely upon the principles which govern his daily life, and the harvest the world is gathering from that life. 