mbvcUst. Tom Glanders of Sqaatters' Gulch. A' BTOEY OF 'COLORADO. THE Stranger was drank. There was no mistaking It. He toAslalso agly. There was no room tor a doUbt "' of that either. Physically, mentally, morally, he was' both drank and ugly. The hilarious patrons of the Tarantula Saloon had (or some hours been watching his increasing opulence of alcoholism and combativeness with that interest which always marked them when prospects ot a fight became prominent. In Sqaatters' Gulch a fight was .as fall of attractiveness as a Strawberry festival notoriously is in a New England village. The sturdy pioneer who conducted the local theatre had been known to take advantage of this fact with great financial profit to himself. Being aware that two of the most energetic warriors of the surrounding country had sworn to carve 'and otherwise render each other the reverse of ornamental, or even useful, the first time they should meet, this genial person sent eaoh of them a complimentary tioket to his hall- He then caused to be circulated the report that they were to be present at the Alhambra Palace—such was the resplendent title by which his rpsort was known to local fame— upon the evening following. His losses had been severe. The inhabitants of Squatters' Gnlch had no Jondneee for dramatic art as here interpreted. " Macbeth," " Hamlet," and " Sardanapalus," performed "by six persons, had up attractions for their sordid senses. Therefore, he had lost money. But his reverse? were amply set right by the stroke of managerial genius which I have here recorded. The house was packed. So were the roofs of adjacent buildings, where eligible standing-room brought as high a figure as twenty dollars per square foot. The canvas top of the Alhambra Palaoe bad been removed for the oocasion, and the view was good. The warriors met. One of them requested the other, with that- poetio sense of chivalry wioh characterised the early mountain settler, to spit in his eye—ah invitation which was promptly accepted. The fight that followed was always remembered in the Gulch. - J£ow the .tall Slasher of the Bappahannock dexterously removed both ears from the head of Sacramento John, and was himself most elaborately lacerated in return, are matters of history. The town went half mad with admiration, and what was left of the two accomplished young gentlemen involved in this little entertainment was for years regarded almost with reverenod. It may be .supposed, therefore, that the movements Gf the Stranger, upon the night ot whioh X write, were viewed with something more than ofrnmon interest One by one the leading citizens had dropped into the Tarantula Saloon during the evening, until the tables were .all well. surrounded, and ilie bar was lined with watchlul observers. "Who's the stranger," inquired Tom Oath cart, in a careless way, as he dealt three cards to'Judge Qashwilder. "Dunno," briefly responded that judicial luminary, throwing his hand down in a disgusted way; " he's on'y just arriv', and it'i my legal opinion as how, if he keeps on! he'll reach the 'endjof his lariat] extremely quick." '. . * .. " I've half a mind" .mused Mr, Cathoart, pleasantly,"" to rise up and give him a benefit myself. Idon't like no. Missouri mud-eater to stand tlie' boys up like lie's doing." " Never mind,',' affably rejoined Judge Gash wilder, with that 'air'of authority whioh gave his opinions upop the bench great weight) "hold on a bit. " Far-lined George will be along Boon, and the, stranger w»U bave to take water then. Let him go on. Gimme two oards.'f'' "Hello!' 1 ejaculated Mr. 'Cathcart, moment later; " the hall Jias.bogun." . .. Everybody'in the room had arisen to his feet. Ttio toll jiissourian, a man of angular frame and sinister visage, lxad at last BUO- ^Che citizens of Sqaatters Gulph were about 4o be entertained. ' ' ' '"* " Humph 1" muttered Mr. Oathoart, it's •d—d shame for him to pick a row with Glanders. The poor chap oan" soarcdy hold his own head up, let alone fighting'. I've a mighty, good notion to sail in myself." ; _ " Ho)d on," cautioned' Judge Gashwilder, with his index finger laid knowingly along bis nose; " Thomas Glanders is all right; he is slow but sure. Look there 1" The quarrel at the bar had been growing louder. The Stranger,,: inflamed with the < fiery liquor he had been drinking, had seleated oue of the least offensive men in the settlement as the special objeot of his displeasure. This person, # Mr. Thomas Glanders, was c quiet, reepeotably .dressed man, with a stolid face and a dejected mannor, who was looked upon in a friendly, often a pitying, light by hia companions. There had been something , in his life—that was known to the entire neaw£verybbay took aniintergsVin him, and riMfeBSpl 'lived Jn .the toTO.who. would not, havi fomffitfcjr.tiip sake at ariyjame. TM([$tiapggr : abpBe,;on' (Mandela Jjieaa^r-abose wbiioii"le could-not, wgdlr Mto, „,lJuJ Jhe.iBensive; MWourian Weht jm, goaded HI increased fury byhia own wprjs.StaUGlandera stoodhelpleSBly gazing Abodt bin£ making np repIyjl>d^^occaBionaUy passing thebackofhiBroughbrpwnliandaoroBS his forehead.. Finally, in a transport of rage, the Stranger drew a revolver,'. Then Glanders seemed to awaken. He eppke for the first, time. . '.' ..' '.". ,- . - • ." tilt it up," he said, quietly," or I will kill.you!" ' The Stranger laughed, and the crowd, angry and menacing, began to close. in upon him. Glanders motioned,thembaok. " Put it up.he repeated, firmly, " or I will shoo^t you in your tracks." ' ,t - " . The Stranger fired, and a part of Glander's hat fell to the floor. Few- of. the joifcizenja of the Gulch had known or would havaijelieved be oould aot, with such, decision. He had hitherto been thought bythem to be a alow and easy-going person, .too inoffensive to he trodden upon, and too gentle to. respond with violence. But upon this occa'sion he belied his reputation. Quick as lightning—so quickly that only one or two In .the room saw. the movement—a derringer sprang. irom liis pocket, a deep report sounded through the room, and the stranger fell to the floor. There.was silence for a moment,. Then the' wounded Missourian, after writhing a moment where he lay, beokoned .Glanders towards him.- .He was ho longer violent. The fumes of the drink had quite, evaporated from his bruin, and tie realized-what had happened. Glanders, whose anger iiad disappeared as quiokly as it came, when.hesaw he was the victor and his life was no longer threatened, stepped forward and' raised tSe Stranger's head to his knee. . " Whisky,' 1 he said,. shortly, to. the barkeeper. ' The liquor was brought, and he, poured it between the' Strangers lips. Jt' was a dramatic scene. So deep, so solemn was the coloring of the picture, that not a man in the crowd—usually a turbulent' one—had as yet ottered a, word. The wounded man, somewhat;revivedby the ^timulant,motioned Glanders to lean closer, and he obeyed. There was nothing but pain in his red face now, and great beads of perspiration stood out upon his forehead. The Stranger whispered A few words brokenly, anl then suddenly fell back, dead. Glanflers lowered the man's Iiead to the floor, and then slowly arose to his. feet., The hush which had some time agpj&Uen; ppon the crowd was not yet disturbed. "Boys," said Glandprs, in a voicB which trembled slightly, " I hited to do 'it, bat it couldn't be helped. I'm sorry it was so, and I'm willin' to abide by what you say. If it was murder, fitting me up, and be d——d quick about it." A murmur that arose almost to a shout ran through the room. Every. man there endorsed his coarse. Glanders began to move slowly toward the door. He paused once, drew his hat down over his eyes, buttoned his ooat tightly about his throat, arid thrust his hands into his pockets with an air that indicated a purpose. . "Poor things 1" he muttered, as he strode into the night. " They're orphans now, and I made 'em so !'" Drawn back some paces from the roadway, close to the trunk of a tall pine tree, some distance from the sturdy settlement of Squatters' Gulch, was one of those huge, ungainly vehicles which, in the early days of pioneering, were known as prairie sohooners. Near by, dimly Been through the darkness, were two lean, unhappy-looking horses,. browsing in a helpless way upon the scant herbage whioh the place afforded. At the foot of the tree a heap of smouldering embers showed that there had been a small fire earlier in the night. This was the scene into which Glan- ders peered half an hour after the tragic occurrence I have just described. For a long tune he sat,' thoughtfully and silently, upon the pole of the waggon. So far as any sign of his was concerned he might have been asleep. Possibly he was going over the ovonts of the evening. Perhaps he was framing a soheme for the future. When more than an hour had thus slipped by, he came out of his reverie, and arose to his feet. Thomas Glanders was a methodical ioan. For years he had plodded along in a quiet, careworn manner, accomplishing nothing that any of his companions could discover, but never complaining of ill fortune or pain. Men supposed he must have money. He lived well, but unobtrusively, and he never had difficulty in meeting his obligations. To the Buffering he wap always kind. Indeed, the local clergyman, who found few but sour grapes in this vineyard, was wont to say that Thomas Glanders could be relied upon, when charity was needed, to give as liberally as a gambler. But there was no ostentation about him. He lived by method. He arose and went to bed at certain hours, he ate at pres cribed, times, and he drank his four glasses of whisky every day as regularly as he breathed. His was a pure matter-of-faot life. Whatever bad luck came to him—ond it was altogether out of proportion to his good fortune—he accepted it without a word of complaint. If, as was rarely the case, he liad^ touoh of more than ordinarily pleasant luck, there was never a sign of jubilation in his conduct. - He rarely talked, saving When words were absolutely necessary. What he had to do hi did/and he made very little fuss about it. When Glanders arose from his poaition upon tbe pole of the waggon, his first operation was to pile a few sticks of wood'upon the coals. In a- little while there was a blaze, w' Hi,' after sputtering a moment, gave out considerable light. This illumination, or the Bound of Glander's footstep "about the place, apparently aroused some degree of life inside the waggon, for there was a Elightmovement,,and then a childish voice, rather petulant in'its tone, said: "The old man, I B'pose—dog-gone him. "Shet upl" responded another voice, obviously that of a lad," or you'll get another lanupin'. Ef he's full, he's sassy." Glanders leaned against the -tree, and all became quiet again. For the Becond time sinoe he had arrived upon this scene, he fell to thinking, and, as before, his redactions were so absorbing that ht lost all consciousness of what was passing around him. He did not even notioe that the oanvas flap of the waggon was raised, arid that two very big blue eyes were peering cautiously through the aperture thus "formed. It was "entirely without his knowledge that the owner of those ouriaus eyes stole out ot the waggon and crept slyly toward him. Not until she spoke was he aware of her'preseuoe. • "Where's the old man?" were the first words Glanders heard. , They'startled liim slightly, and he looked earnestly into , the young laoethat wasnpturned to his.. Perhaps it.Wfts the flickering of the firelight ithijt caused the quick shade that fell aoross his faio'e, But it looked like an expression of pMn. The girl, annoyed at bis silence, went on, impetuously -: "Don't you hoar? What in blazes is the matter of you ? Where's tjie. old man? " .i Down tka the gulch,", wnlnh " .replied rAnlind Gift Glanders, slowly and with pojne difficulty., "Oh," said tho girl, with an odd mixture ol sarcasm and ouriosity. " He sent you up to say. ho was drunk, I s'pose. • Said, he wouldn'f be home till he got good ond Matty didn't he? Told?yon to tal! as to loo! h&rp;, or, he'd: liok both of ua when "he got' ome, I reckon—hey?" "fooes.he beatyou> then ? " asked Glaners, with aweak attempt nt evasion. , "poos he? Now you just bet he does. ndJI've got my opinion of a\big loafer that icks a little gal like me, what oan't help erself. Some dayWll'wake' up the wrong utfit, and then he'll 'get' put under the aisies with his boots on—you hoar me? " Glanders did hear hetf, and he shuddered. uthe was strangely attracted to the bigyed, rough-spoken httle girl, who stood there ooking him in the faoe and ejecting her ordslwith an energy that would have .been udicrous under other circumstances. She as/a slender child, perhaps twelve years old. erhair was curly.jond light; and it.'fell in a tangled mass over her forehead atad heck. She rwas -poorly clad, and her brown feet had ong been Strangera to the cramping inluence of Bhoes. There was a touoh of great pifcyi in Mr. Glander's eyes as he looked at this child standing there in the firelight and re. garding him fixedly. " Come here," he said, after a while; " oome here and talk with m I want to aek you jsomo questions." He went over and sat down again upon the pole of the waggon. The girl looked at him ior'a^moment without moving. Clearly her first' impulse was to resent his suggestion. But that design lived only for a moment, and she approached him without shyness. n I'll do it," she declared, in a voice from which the sharpness had all gone. " I don't know who you are, but I like you, though I oan't tell why. It ain't cause you're hand, some—that's dead B.ure." Glanders paid no attention to this uucom. plimentary allusion to hiB personal appearanoe. With him it was no time for idle words or thoughts. "Tell me,",the said, when the girl had settled herself on the;ground in front of him, .'! do yod like the old man 1—are you fond of him ? " Well," responded the girl, after a pause, I can't say as I'd like to eat him. He's too hatady with the back of his fist to make me so awful dead in love with him." Glanders sighed, ns though he felt relieved from'some anxiety. " But then," the girl went on, with childish frankness, " you can't quite hate a man when he's the only purtector you've got. Ugly as he was, he put all the bread in my mouth as ever went there, and I've got to remember that.: .Sometimes there wasn't much of it, and sometimes it was mighty queer {bread. But as a genital thing he did the best he knowed how, and Say, what are you thinking about so hard ? " Glanders was just at that moment thinking he was aboat the darkest criminal in the world. To save himself from possible deetruc tion, he had killed a fellow-being—an act, I regret to say, which was not sufficiently infre quent in those days, and in that section, to cbll for any special regrets upon its own account. But Glanders reflected that in depriving the Missouri bully of hiB life, he had also taken away the only prop upon whioh this helpless child leaned for support. It was a reflection which .filled him[at first with dismay and self-reproach, and then with certain definiteness of purpose. " Sis," said he, after a moment, passing his hand over her straying curls with a kind of rough tenderness that was not without its element of magnetism; " sis, ef thar was man—mind ye, I don't say thar it a man— but ef thar was one as oome to you and says, says this man, ef so be as you two children wants a home, bein' without one, ye can opme and live along of me, and though it ain't refined and eliygant abode, bein' built as were in the first rude stages o' civilization— ef any man was to say this to ye, and your dad didn't particularly mind, what would you answa ? " The girl looked full in.his face. "Answer? Why, I'd oollar the offer like chain- lightning—only," she hesitated! an instant—" only the old man nerer'd stand by and let me have such a good thing as that —never." He'll never ' bother ye any more, my child," Baid Glanders. " Do ye feel very baa about it ? " Bad ?" she echoed. Tes. The old man has been took, as it were, to put it gently, to Abraham's boosom. He was killed, my child, and the man what offers to take ye into his home is the one as did it." Hhe young girl started back, and regarded Glanders with a strange expression. It was not a look of repulsion, or anger, or fright, but rather a look of astonishment. Presently, after peering into his eyes ^for some little time, she said: " Then I don't believe it was your fault. You ain't the .kind of a man to do that sort of thing 'thout a cause. And as for me, it's a-stonishin' he hasn't ketched it afore." Glanders took a deep breath, which sounded like a sigh of relief. " Then," said he," we muBt be movin'." In the morning the camp of Squattera' Gulch was surprised to see a huge emigrant wagon drawn up to the door of Glanders's cabin, and, later in the day, it was still further astonished to observe two children, a boy and a girl, playing about the place. Who they were, and where they came from, was a deep and absorbing, mystery. That their advent was connected with the death of the Stranger was not a theory which occurred to maay oi the citizens. One of the leading explanations put forward by those who oon vereed 'upon the subject was the proposition that Glanders's supposititious wile in the States—an appendage which was attached in a greater or less degree to the main bulk of the popalation of that salubrious locality— had forwarded her children to be cared for by their legitimate protector. But whatever Squatters' Guloh may have thought or oxnnot oarry its curiosity offensively near to ssed upon the subject, Squatters' Gulch Glanders, or his oabin on the hill. Meanwhile, in the cabin itself, there were some odd developments. The new residents Jiad quietly domestioated themselves with that affluent confidence whioh is the distinguishing trait of that migratory childhood of the west, whioh, being cast this way and that by the changes which constantly oocur in new countries, readily accustoms itaelf to fresh surroundings. One night, sitting before the fire, with his short clay pipe in his mouth, and the children on the floor at his feet, dreamily regarding the coals, Glanders broke the sUence. "Sis," said he, "Idon't want to pry into no family secrets of yourn, cos it ain't none of my business pertioklerly, but, at the same time, it ain't reasonable fer me to go on always a-calUn 1 of ye ' Sis,' and the young chap'Bub.'" " Thatls so, I reckon," promptly replied the young girl. "My name's Lucy Bryton. And nis'n," pointing .to the boy, his'n_ is Bobert. Hitka.^ His TT.a t'other • > name nmnn ain't oin't like mine, though, cause he's only a 'dopted brother, Bis' name is Bathbun—Bobert Bathbun. Hello I Wbat's up, Mr. Tom ? " "Nothin'," replied Glanders, whose faoe had suddenly become rigid. "On'y I dropped my pipe, that's all. Go to bed, youngsters. I "want to think. Hold up a bit. What became of yer mother—Bob ? " "Dead, sir; Drownded in the Missouri overflow. I haven't seen her sinoe I was baby." : When they-'were gone, and for hours aftor ward, Glanders sat looking gloomily into the fire- what to hinder now? ' Having by some aoute mentaljprooess oon-. 1 vinoed himself that nothing was to hinder,' Glanders went thoughtfully to bed.' m • * • The soft autumn days, gilded by the clear and genial Colorado sun, melted slowly away into the crisp and vestal .'winter. Then came the - budding spring, -the' lazy summer, and the blushing autumn again. So the weeks glided into months, ana the months closed into years, until Squatters' Guloh, ashamed of its rough and uncouth name of other days, adopted the more exalted title' of Clarion Oity. There were other changes, too, in the genial atmosphere surrounding the place. The rough and somewhat uncouth dwellings which formerly oovered the Steep sides of the ravine had almost entirely disappeared, and their places were filled "with more sightly cottages. The business part of the town had grown oommensurately with the other portions pf Clarion Oity, and the place presented an altogether sightly - appearance, cosily tucked away among the pinoe-elad foothills. In a tasteful cottage, far toward the outer edge of the settlement, lived Mr. Thomas Glanders and the members of his family, who have heretofore been described in this veracious narrative. It was a pretty place, and it was marked here and there by the unmis- - takable traoes of a woman's presence. Neat white curtains hung in the windows, a hammock swung on the verandah, and a trailing vine grew over the posts by the door. One night, as the sun was climbing down across the western sky, the verandah was occupied by two young people. A strong hearty yoang man was swinging in the hammock, while sitting beside him, idly moving the network backward and forward, was a lithe and graceful girl. She was blushing deeply, but not hanging her head. There was, indeed, in her large blue eyes a look of open frankness, whioh I do not think is often found about the f aoes of young women when they are discussing the subject which was at that moment oocupying her attention. There is something winch seems almost like sacrilege about it, Bobort," she said, with a touch of remonstrance in her voioe. " I had grown to think you my brother in reality, as well as by association." ' But you love me, Lncy. You have told me so." His voice was deep, and not unmusical to the ear. And it had about it, in the time of pleading, a persuasive tenderness which, I fear, more than one of the fluttering damsels of the Gulch had found it difficult to resist. Bat Miss Lacy was not of the common sort, and she did not heedlessly assent to the proposition advanoed. " " What," she asked, presently, " would lie It was apparent that the young man did not reqnire a more definite descriptive term to understand who was referred to. "He would scarcely object, Iiuoy. You know he loves both of us very dearly, and his greatest happiness would be in making us happy." " True," replied Miss Lucy, thoughtfully. " But if—if he would rather we did not seek this kind of happiness, Bobert—you know we owe him a very great deal. Om home, oar rescue from aa existence that would have left us both more to be pitied than if we were dead, our education—all were given as by him. We can scarcely do anything that may bring him pain, Bobert." The yoang man in the hammock was silent for a moment. " Tell me," he said, in a little while, " why you suppose there is any danger that he will objeot. Miss Lucy's faoe assumed a deeper scarlet. " I—I—well, nothing. It is probably my imagination." " Will you ask him ? " Another pause. Then in a low voice: " Yes. I will ask him to-night, if he does not speak first. If he consents, Bobert, I will do all that you have asked." " That's a dear, sweet Lucy," exolaimed Kobert, springing to his feet and kissing her lips. " We shall be very happy." AB he strolled down the hill, Miss Lucy's eyes followed bis retreating figure sadly. When he was gone she drew a long and slightly tremulous breath, and laid her head against the post. 6he still sat thus, with her oyes bent upon the ground, when a heavy footfall aroused her attention. Mr. Thonias Glanders, returning from his office at the mouth of the Giant mine. Not qnite the Thomas Glanders we have known heretofore. His eyes were serener now than they were of old, and hiB tread had not that element of hesitation which formerly marked Thomas Glanders, mine - owner and operator, with a pretty home, and the benefits of .solicitous female society, was rather inclined to be an ornament to his sex, although thero were moments, I must ralate, when he did not ocoupy a similar relation to the English language. " Good evonin', Lucy, he said, kindly, as he drew a chair op to her side, and seated himself so that the folds of her dress brushed against his knees. " I met Bobert as I came up the hill. A fine boy, that, Lucy. I'm as proud of him as if I had been his father." A ^moment of silence, during which MiBS Lucy breathed a trifle quickly. One hand lay unemployed in her lap. Glanders picked it up, and held it in hia own. It looked so small, so white, so lovely, in his great palm, that he speedily oovered it up by drawing his brown fingers about it. It's a whiter hand," he began, slowly and :ctively, "though it ain't much bigger than it was when I first took it into mine, that night under the big tree. Ah, my girl, I didn't see then, and I didn't get to imagine that you would be so dear to me some day. I didn't know that in the course of time you would get to be—what you are to me. If I had " Another pause. This time Lucy was slightly trembling. " If I had," he continued, " I should almost have been afraid to see you." "Afraid?" The word came reluctantly and almost in a whisper. " Afraid I might some time lose you— afraid that some other love but the regard you had for olumsy, poor-spoken old Tom Glanders might some day be stole away by a deeper, a greater regard for another man." Mr. Glanders arose a ad walked to the other end of the verandah. Then he came slowly back and placed his heavy hand, light enough now, upon the sunny head. " Luoy," he began, " child, you are more to me than I oan tell—more than I know, God help me. There is but one happiness for me, but one rest after my life's struggle. And it has been a struggle, Lucy, that ain't always^ been easy for to get the bBst off. But, Luoy, I don't want to find fault nor to complain, if it has brought mo you. Eh? Why, child, you are cryin'. Deary, if I've Baid anything that's grieved you, don't mind me. Luoy, I'll never speak of it again as long as I live. I take it all back, Luoy, I do, BO help me God!" Mr. Glanders was down by her side, holding her hands, and trying to soothe her. In a moment she became quite calm. " You have been kind to me," sho said, after a little while. " I was only a stranger's ohild—a stranger who would have taken your life. You took me in, and cared for mo, and worked and toiled for me, so that I might have comforts and be happy. You took mfl, a ragged, rough, ill-bred child, and you gave me the chance to beoome a lady. You have earned my—my love, and" ",Don't ^peak that;way, Iiuoyi, -I' didn't calculate to iiiy your heart. I didn't,.Iiucy, and I wouldn't take it like that.", "lYou diSn't buy it, yoi—youwon it. Tom, l love you 'very, very, pearly. It may not be theJdnd of love you eijikct, just yet; but, bv and by, when we have grown -used to each other, when <we have forgotten that we " Father and daughter, almost" he broke in. "Are you sure, Lucy? Will ,you never regret this?" "Never 1" she cried, impulsivfly. "But let it be quick. Do not wait a day, but have it done at onoe 1 It—it must be without delay, or—or" She did not finish the sentence, but with a sharp, convulsive kiss upon his brown check —a kiss which sounded almOst like a gasp— she was gone.. In the gloaming upon his porch that night sat Mr. Thomas Glanders, a very happy man. Behind him lay all the gloom, and sorrow, and pain that oould never come to him now. In the future—what ? He oould not answer, though it seemed very bright. It was quiokly and quietly accomplished. Almost before the staid citizens of Clarion City were out in the streets, Mr. Glanders and his bride had walked to the little ohapel down in the ravine, and back again. He had notioed that Luoy was very pale that morning, and that there were long, deep lines in her face. Clearly she had not slept. But Mr, Glanders attributed the faci to a weakness of the sex, and imagined that a little familiarity with the new relations would soon wear it away. Bobert did not come home during the aight-^-a habit whioh, I am obliged to confess, is not uncommon among the compatriots of his years. Mr. Glanders had wished to defer the quiet ceremony until his arrival, bat Luoy had refused with a feverish haste, which her companion set down to the score of diffidence. It was Borne hours after the marriage that Mr. Glanders, [ailing to stir up any enthusiasm in Luoy's breast regarding the variouB topics of conversation, kissed her tenderly, and strolled out for a walk among the trees. " She's better alone for a time," he mut tered, apologetically, to himself. "When ) come baok in half an hour she'll be as bright and cheery as ever." For a long time after he went away, Lucy sat looking blankly at the wall. Then she arose and walked out upon the porcli, and stood looking down the hill, where she had last seen Bobert pass away. In a few moments she became conscious that someone was near her. It was Bobert, white as a ghost, and trembling nervously. She looked into his face but could not speak. There was a doep,. patrheKc inquiry in her eyes, whioh poke more plainly than words. Yea, I know," he said, in a strained and worried fashion. "I heard it as I came up the street. I shall not reproach you, Lucy, for, if he asked you to marry him, it was the only return you coald make for all his more than fatherly kindness." There waB a footstep not far away, but it was not noted by the two young people. " I have come, Lucy," continued Bobert in the same hurried and unnatural fashion to say good-bye." " Bobert 1" she gasped, " do not, do not go away." " I must," he said, in a strange tone, re gaining a part of his own force as he saw a touoh of weakness in the woman he loved. There is no other course. It would break my heart to stay here and see you the wife of another. It would wear out my honor, my gratitude, my manhood. Day by day, all that is good about me would fade and fade away, until I died of shame or mental agony, or became a reproach to all the world. It must be, Lucy. We love each other too dearly to have it otherwise." She was silent. " Good-bye, Lncy," he said, more quietly, taking her hand. Good-bye," she whispered in a choking voioe. For a moment he held her hand in his. At the same instant a shadow that had been thrown by the sun across the ground almost at their feet, began slowly and stealthily to L1 away. Try," said Bobert, struggling hard to re gain his composure, " try to forget ine. You can only find happiness in that oblivion. Or, if you think of me sometimes, remember me only as the brother who grew up with you and loved you with—with only a—a brother's love. Good-bye. God bless you, little sister." He turned on his heel and toak a step for ward. The sharp report of a pistol from the rear of the house arrested his attention. " What was that ? " asked Luoy, turning possible a shade whiter. In a moment they were both under the great pine tree' whioh stood a few paces up the side of the hill. What they saw at that moment will never be forgotten by either of them. Stretched upon the soft carpet of pine needles, with a look of ineffable gentleness ir his fast glazing eyea, a smile on his lips, and her portrait on his heart, lay the rigid figure of the husband of the Stranger's ohild. Leander Richardson in the Argonaut. 