The Revolt against Governor Bligh. The Sir Joseph Bsiks'a papers, recently put- chased for this Government & New South Wales, contain letters and other dbcoments pertaining to the rebellion under Governor Bligh in Sydney. It was through the interest of Sr Joseph Banks that Captain Bligh received his appoint- ment. In a letter addressed to him, March 15, 1805, the former intimated that Governor King was tired of his station;" adding "and well he may be." Not unduly did he boast of his influence with the Colonial Office in all that concerned that distant territory. "I have always," he declared, " since the first institu- tion of the new colony at New South Wales, taken a deep interest in," etc. He held out no fallacious promise when he affirmed, “ I can, therefore, if yon choose it, plaoe you in the Government of the new colony, with an income of £2000." More than this, he went on to say that as the captain was good for 15 years more work, if he could save a thousand each year, the sum, with accumulated interest, would bring in a fortune of £30,000. Unfortu- nately, the rebellion—after about a year's enjoyment of the salary—arrested the con- struction of this fairy palace. As early ss 1787, the year of the departure of the first Governor for Botany Bay, the interest of his friend (the great naturalist) had —cored him the position of conductor of the lib Sea mission. The bread-fruit trees of that lovely island, Otaheite, had attracted much attention; and, believing that anew, cheap, and nutritious food could thus be provided for negro slaves in the "West Indies, Government fitted oat an expedition under Banks's superintendanco to obtain plante for our sugar colonies. The first trial collapsed through the muiiny uf the Bounty, when Ciptain Bligh and others were put oat in an open boat npon the wide ocean, suffering terribly on their way through Torres Straits to Timor. A second voyage was more successful with the trees. Appointed governor through Sir Joseph Bania, his first letter from Sydney, November 5, 1807, to the Bight Honourable C. F. Gterille reports npon the social condition of Sydney moch' as previous rulers—Captain King and Oaptain Hooter—had done. All condemned the conduct of (lading officers (belonging to the New Sooth Wales Corps), and all lamented the ravages drink made in the community, with consequent misery. " You can form no idea," wrote Captain Bligh, " ef the class of persons here who consider themselves gentlemen. The colony seems to have been in a distracted state, and this, I am sorry to my, has been caused by the want of proper dignity at Government House, where every .person was admitted." This was a reflection upon the officers first, and then upon the energetic but free and easy Governor King. " The disturbers," he fancies, " would always be at work until they find they are defeated, without any visible resistance." Unhappily for him, he attempted a very viable and passionate opposition to the military-commercial party. He raised the ghost. He justly believed that "great regard is due to more than Sydney—to industrious eeltler-mrmers who feed us." These, he informs the London representative of the Ministry, '* have been so betted by impositions from those who consider themselves of thn superior class, as would have made them all vassals in a little time." He espoused the canse of the producers against the aoi diuuit mercantile officers. The impetuous rashness which brought mutiny on the "Bounty" caused rebellion in Sydney. A sense of right he had, and a desire to relieve poor settlers from oppression; but his intolerance of intolerance was so vehement, and BO accompanied by personal feeling, that he foiled, in an honest effort and brought ruin on himself. The collection contains what is called a duplicate accocnt of the xebdlion by Captain Bligh. It is dated from Government House, Sydney, Jane 30, 1S0S. The document contains 68 pages foolscap. \- A case previously brought befotea Court- Martial was imaging to the Governor's official rim ranter. This trial of Lieutenant Short, at Portsmouth, towards the close of 1SU7, served to increase the rancour of political'adversaries in Sydney, and tended to cool the friendship at some in London who had been Bligh's admirers. Bemaiks upon the Courtmartial, by Sir Isaac Coffin, addressed to the Hem. W. Pale, of the Admiralty, December 15, 1807, were not a little valuable to the cause of the opposition. It was distinctly affirmed, though denied by Iieut. Petley, that the charges against Hit. j Short had been instigated by the Governor J himadf. The object of Sir Isaac Coffin's commimiration was undoubtedly to excite official sympathy on account of the accused. The gen tleman, it waa urged, had occasioned .great provocation -in Sydney, and endured much cruel sage. He had been sent home in arrest in a leaky ship, and his wife had died from the miseries and anxiety she suffered on the voyage. He had intended being a permanent settler, and was prepared to settle on his giant when the trouble arose, fir Isaac hoped the Ad mindly would do for the poor fellow. lbs. Elisabeth Bligh, who did not go ont with her husband, as her married daughter was accompanying a consumptive partner for his health to New South Wales, battled loyally for the calumniated governor. IShe sought the advice and assistance of Sir Joseph Banks. In her letter of January 14, 1S08, she fears that lieutenant Short's trial would be ray mischievous in its influence, as many bitter things were said reflecting on the Executive of Sydney. She, therefore, entreats him to uphold her husband's character. Already some busy penon had assured her that Captain Bligh aras Kleren days after, £he wrote again to him from Durham-place, London, with news from her husband, who had sent through her eome drawings ef plants fcr the president of the Royal Society. She the too evident leaMag of uiflm3>t»al parties to the tales told at the trial of Mr. Short, and which she declares are utterly baseless and false. Among those die suspects of complicity with the opponents of the Governor wete Colonel Foveaux, Captain Hunter and Captain Kent. She pleads that he would in all haste endeavour to gain fiie ear of Mr. Cooke at Downing-stteet, through his friend the Hon. Mr. GxeviHe. The'acquittal of Lieutenant Short by the court-martial still further depressed the gloom of the lady. Bnt, like a loving and cotmgeous wife, she resolved to plead ho- husband's canse in his and prepared an elaborate defence, to be forwarded to the Admiralty. On February 1 ake informed Sir Joseph that she wished him to read her memorial first, then wafer it, usd attend to its safe transmission. This earnest and well-timed afpealwas directed to the Hoc. W. Pfcle, to whoa Sir Isaac Coffin had previously written. in a season of distiesa frum famine had made private profit by the sale of food from the . In re^ly to Captain Bligh's oomnumication connpming colonial affairs, tSr Josqih tells him, August 35, 1808, that an attack of gout had prevented his writing before. He referred to the " mkiqararntatinfi as has occnrred in the case of lieutenant Short." He stigmatised tbe charge against Bligh oo that trial as "united and unsupported." 8till, he had defended his character in a jnijggte letter to Lord JIulgiave. Taming titan -to natntal history, he noted the arrival af> Oaptain King, with Australian plants, and the doings of his coDectoiB. Sensible of growing infirmities, he cheerfully adds, ** I have had a long and a py lifi^ and am quite willing to resign it." opies of previous answers to Mrs. Bligh are not in the collection left by Sir Joseph Banks- One, however, ia given there, dated December 24,1808. This was after news of the rebellion had reached England, regretting the improbability of her husband's restoration to power, he asserting his conviction that no proof of the allegations against that officer had been found, and that the charge waa an " abominable revelation.?* As to the Opposition of the Hew Sooth Wales corps agamst the Governor, fas tzies to console her with the observation that soldiers never liked obedience U> a sailor. Mr. GreviUe addressed Sir Joseph, September SO* 1808, in acknowledgement of a letter Urging his? help. " I am sorry," said he, "to hear that Bligh has been deposed." Remarking that the plans of his enemies have been very " artfully oonauctad,V and that Mr. Hacarthur is.now at home ss a delegate, he pleads his " sorry health" as a reason why he should npt be expected to do more for the deposed. • A letter from Hr. E.Cooke, Downing- street, December 22, 1808, expresses to Banks privately a conviction that the Governor, aSer sneh an insurrection, must be recalled. -He had heard, however^ that the officer was on his way home. After his return there Vould be means taken to punish the rebels. " That so many months, or even yean, were allowed by the Biituh Ministry to pass, without decisive actum npon so extraordinary un occurrence as the revolt of the military against the colonial executive* can only be accounted for by the absorbing matter of continental politics, and the amy of nearly all Europe, under Napoleon, against the very existence of Old England,' Colonial affairs, however urgent, could have little hearing at such a trying time.' Mrs. Bligh sent on documents to Sloanes-jnare, December 21, 1808, assuring the distinguished naturalist of her satisfaction in knowing that no bad reports had arrived affecting her husband's reputation. She was somewhat unepy as to the intelligence that General Nightingale was to be sent out to Port Jackson in command. The lady could indite an admirable letter. The Bev. Samuel Marsden, colonial chaplain, was for two years in England, taking no part in the whole of the exciting circumstances. He did, however, write to Sir Joseph from Walcot-place, August 20,1809, informing him that.he had news of Major Johnstone being on his way home to answer charges to be brought against him. A letter from Colonel PaterBon, a botanical correspondent of Sir Joseph's, has a carious aide and safe reference to the man under whom he had acted as Lieutenant-Governor. It is dated from Lsunceston (his seat of Government), September 29,180S. He had just discovered in Tan Dieman's Land a coriooB insect which made very good honey. He noticed kangaroo meat being received in the' stores at 18d' a lb, and remarked the fact that the temperature bad been S2deg. in Hobart when 94deg. in Lannceston. Bnt the way in which he referred to the recent doings at Sydney was highly diplooiatic. Though fsmilinr with Banks, he knew that Bligh was a protege, if not a favourite. It was clear that the Governor had few, if any, friends among the officials, high or low. This, then, was tue guarded way in which the Port Dalrymple ruler told his tale:—"Hie Government was in a wretched state from tyranny and oppression (at least so say they) when the circumstance took place." Mr. Provost Gore, who suffered with the Governor in the rising, gave Mrs. Bligh a report \- of the whole proceedings in. a letter, October, 6, 1809, covering 24 pages. He addressed it to Darham-place, Lambeth. He warned her to beware of the ahaplain, who might seek to gain her confidence, bat who was well-known to be in sympathy and communication with the'rebels. He gave a proof, as he supposed, of the thorough want of honourable conduct in the highest officials, as the Lieutenant-Governor asserting that, as a reward for complicity, Colonel Foveaux had received a favour from the rebel authorities in the giant of 500 acres ot land to his mistress. Mr. Provost Gore gave this description of the state of colonial society at the time he wrote, saying,-"Many persons are daily incarcerated in the dungeons ot Sydney gaol, and are transported to the coal river for expressing a wish to see His Majesty's Government re-established here." One letter only remains to record anything of the trial in London. This is from Admiral Bligh to Banks on May 25,1811. The court had just then adjourned. Colonel Johnstone, he told his friend, had declared that he "was obliged to put me under arrest, and that I shook hands with him and thanked him for the act of seising and securing my person." He thus expressed his confidence: "lam standing a severe trial, which nevertheless, I trust truth will enable me to overcome." Sir Joseph Banks adds .no more in the collection. No reflections of his own upon the torn suction are given beyond those m these letters. " Scot free.''—Scot, according to Cowel (Lay Dictionary), signifies a certain custom or tollage. Thp right of voting in the boroughs in England was formerly in three who paid scot and lot. " Scot-free," therefore, is free from such custom or tollage. To Freshen Leather.—Leather chair seata may by renewed £y rubbing them with wellbealten white of egg. Leather bindings of books may also be freshened in this way. An Easy Way to Clean Silver Articles. - Set fire to some wheat-straw, collect the ashes, and after powdering them, sift through muslin. Polish the silver-plate with a little of it applied to some sqft leather. To Bemove Ink Stains in Woollen Table Covers and CsrpHs.—Wash the spots with a mixture of oxalic acid and warm water. . A teaspoonful of acid to a small cupfolof water. Then rinse with clean cold water to take oat the acid. Orange Syrup for Orangeade. —Rasp the peel o2 a do^en sweet and two Seville oranges, with lib. of .lamp sugar. Rinse the oranges in a basin of cold water, and nse this to moisten the sugar before boiling. "When the syrup is well boiled.and quite dear proceed as in the recipe for lemonade. To Cure Scalds and Burns.—Common baking soda is the best of all remedies in case of scalds and bums. It may be used on the surface ofthe bamed plsce dry or wet. When applied promptly tbe sense of relief is magicsL It seems to withdraw the heat and with it the nun, and the healing process soon commences. It is is the best application for eruption, caused by poisonous ivy and other poisooous plants, as also for bites and stings of insects. To preserve fruit as nearly as possible with its natural flavour, pick it from the stem and put it into bottles, which must he quite filled; place the corks loosely in them, and set the bottleB upright in a pan of warm water; place them on the fire, and heat the water until it nearly boils; let them stand 16 minutes, then fill each bottle within an inch of the cork with boiling water; cork tight and let them cooL Pack them da their sides to keep the cotks moist. The fruit is better when, not quite ripe, as it will then keep for two or three years. Canning Frnit—He following is the American method of ^nnmg fruit:—"The «>»»•» point to look after is the jar which should be perfect throughout; a small nick out of the aealing edge of a glass cover, will canse the fruit in that jar to spoil- The rubber, or elastic, which renders the lid air-tight should be soft and pliable. In the case of tomatoes, they should be thoroughly cooked. It is a good plan to stew then in a large pan, all at once. Take the jar, set it on s jar wet in cold water, pour in enough water to cover the bottom well, then fill np with boiling water. As aoon as the jar is thoroughly hot empty it at water, ana fill *at once with the hob tomatoes, brim full then put on the rubber, fie very careful that no seeds get under it, pat on the cover and screw down. If a glass top, it c&ould; be warmed the same as the jar; continue screwing down the cap as the jar cools. Tbe jar should be filled quickly to prevent air getting in and cooling the fruit. Peaches should be in good condition, ripe bnt not mellow; pare them, and put in as many whole ones as the jar will hold, then pari ronnd the sides with halves and quarters as dose and tight as .possible without bruising, then put in 7or of sugar and fill up with water. Pot on the fire a pan or kettle with cold water, set the filledjars in it, keep them o& the bottom by a grating, 'handful of hay, or something similar, and so as they will not touch each other, pot on the covers and screw down the ring a little, but not the rubbers. After boiling hard for tea minutes take out the jars and fill them with boiling water, put on rubheo, and seal as above. . 