THE FOLSR M&GNiOQLa.; By "William Block, author of " The Sfcranga Adventures of a Planter," &o.;, &o.;]. Chapter II.—The Last of the Games, But before proceeding to relate how the captive clansman waB lowered into the dungeon of the castle on Eilean-na-Boaa, it will be necessary to explain why he did not choose to purchase his liberty by the pay ment of the sum of one penny. Pennies amoDg the boys of Erisaig, and more espe cially among the MaeNicols, were an ex- ! ceedingly scarce commodity. The father of the three MacNicol?, who was also burdened with the charge of their orphan cousin Neil, was a hand on hoard the steamer Glenara Castle, and very seldom came ashore. He | had but small wages, and it was all he could j do in the bringing up of the boys to pay a certain sum for their lodging and schooling, 1 leaviDg them pretty much to cadge for them selves as regarded food and clothes. Their food, mostly porridge, potatoes, and fish of their own catching, cost little; and they did not spend much money on clothes, especially in summer-time, when no Erisaig boy— except Bob MacNicol, who was a dis tinguished person—would submit to the en cumbrance of shoes and stockings. Never theless, for various purposes money was neces sary to them; and this they obtained by going down in the morning, when the herring boats came in, and helping the men to strip the nets. The men were generally tired out and sleepy with their long night's work; and if they had bad anything like a good haul they were glad to give these lads twopence or threepence apiece to undertake the labor of lifting the nets, yard by yard, out of the hold, shaking out the silvery fish and dexterously extricating those that had got more firmly enmeshed. Moreover, it was a work the bojs delighted it. If it was not the rose, it was near the rose. If it wa3 nob for them as yet to sail away in the afternoon, watched by all the village, at least they could take this small part in the great herring trade. And when they had shaken out the last of the nets, and received their wages, they stepped ashore with a certain pride ; and generally they put both hand3 iu their pockets as a real fisherman would do, and perhaps they would walk along the quays with a slight lurch, a3 if they also had been cramped up all the nightlong through, and felt somewhat unused to walking on first getting back to land. Now these MacNicol boys, again imitating the well-to-do among the fishermen, had each an account at the savings bank, and the pence they got were carefully hoarded up. For if they wanted a new Glengarry cap, or if they wanted to buy a book telling them of all kinds of tremendouj adventures at sea, or if it became necessary to purchase some more fishiDg-hooks at the grocer's shop, it was their own small storo of wealth they had to look to; and so it came about that a penny w&s; something to be seriously considered. When Bob MacNicol had to impose a fine of one penny he knew it was a dire punishment; and if there was any alternative the fine was rarely paid. Tho fund, therefore, which he bad started for the purchase of an old and disused set of bagpipes, and which was to be made up of those fines, did not grow apace. Of course being a cbieftan he must needs have a piper. The revels in the halls of. Eilean-na- Boaa lacked half their impressive, ness through the want oE the pipes. No doubt Bob bad a sort of suspicion that if ever they should grow rich enough to buy the eld set of bagpipes he would have to play them himself; but even the most ignorant person can perceive that to be one's own piper must at least be better than to have no piper at all. And now the captive Nichol MacNicol was led to the edge of this black pit in the floor of the lower ball of the castle. On several occasions one or other of the boys had been lowered, for slighter offence?, into this dun geon ; but no one had ever been condemned to go to tho bottom-if bottom there were. But Nichol did not flinch. He was satisfied of the justice of his sentence. He was aware he deserved the punishment. Above all, he was determined to save that penny. At the same time, when the other three had poised themselves so as to lower the rope gradually, and when he found himself descending into that black hole, he looked ; rather nervously below him. Of course he could see nothing. Bat there was a vague tradition that this dungeon was haunted by ghosts, vampires, vrarioek0, and other unholy things; and there was a ehill, Btraoge, earthy odor arising from it; and the walla that ho scraped against were slimy and damp. Ho uttered no word, however, and those abovo kept slowly paying out the coil of rope. Rob became somewhat concerned, "It'll be no easy job to pull him back," ho said in a whisper. "It's as deep as the dungeon they put Hon old Germ Mdr into," said his cousin Neil. "Maybe there's no bottom at all," said DuLcao, rather awe-stricken. Suddenly a fearful thing happened. There was a cry from belcw—a quick cry of alarm; and at the same moment they were startled by a wild whizzing and wbirringarouad them, as if a legend of bends had rushed out of the pit. With a shriek of fright Duncan sprang back from the edge of the duDgeon; and that with such force that he knocked over bis two companions. Moreover, in falling, they let go the rope ; when they rose again they looked round in the twilight; but could find no trace of it. It had slipped over the edge. And there was no sound from below. Rob was the first to regain his senses. Ho rushed to the edge of the hole and stoopsd over. " Niccl, are ye there 2" His heart jumped within him when he heard his brother's voice. " Yes, I am ; and the xopo too. How am I to get up ?"•' Rob turned quickly. "Duncan, clown to the boat with ye! Loot en the lugaail halyards and bring them up. Quick ! quick !" Duncan was off like a young roe. He slid down the crags; he dashed through the larch wood ; he jumped into the boat on the beach. Presently he was making his way as quickly back agaiD, the halyards ceiled round his arm, so as not to prevent his climbing, " Nicol!" shouted Kob, "Ay 2" " I am lowering the halyards to ye, Fasten them to the end of the rope." " I canna see them." " Grope all round till ye como to them." And so in process of time tho end or the rope was hauled up, and thereafter—to the great relief of every one—and to hi3 own, no doubt, Nicol appeared alivo and well, though somewhat anxieus to get away from the neighborhood of that dungeon. He went immediately out into the warm summer air, followed by the others. " Man, what a fright I got!" he said at last, having recovered his speech. " Ay, and so did wo," Neil admitted. "What was'b ?" said he, timidly, as if almost afraid to put his own fears and suspicions into words, "I dinDa ken," Neil said, looking rather frightened. " Ye ainna ken !" Kob MacNichol said, with a scornful laugh. "Ye ought to ken, then. It was nothing but a lot of bats; and Duncan yelled as if ho had seen twenty war locks, and knocked us over, so that we lost the rope. Gome, boys, begin your game3 now; the steamer will be in early the day." Well, it seemed easier to dismiss super stitious fc-ara out here in the sunlight. Per haps it had been only bats after all. War locks did not whirr in the air—at least they were understood not to dose. Witches were supposed to reserve their aerial performances for the night-time. Perhaps it was only bats, as Kob asserted. Indeed it would be safer— especially in Kob's prssence—to accept his explanation of the mystery. At the same time the younger boys occasionally darted a stealthy glance backward to that gloomy apartment that had so suddenly become alive with unknown things. Then the games began. Rob had come to the conclusion that a wise chieftain should foster a love for national sports and pas times, and io that end he had invented a system of marks, the winning of a large num ber of which entitled the holder to pecuniary or other reward. As for himself, his part was that of spectator and arbiter; ho handi capped the competitors, he declared the prizes. On this occasion he ensconced him self in a niche of the ruins, where he was out of the glare of the sun, and gracefully sur rounded by masses of ivy, while his relatives hauled out to the middle of the green plateau several trunks of fir-trees of various sizes, that had been carefully lopped and pruned for tbe purpose of "tossing tho caber." Well, they " tossed the caber," they " pat tho stone," they had wrestling matches and other trials of strength, Kob the while sur veying the scene with a critical eye, and reckoning up the proper number of marks. But now some milder diversions followed. Three or four planks rudely nailed together snd forming a piece of rough flooring about two or three yards square were hauled oat from an archway, placed on the grass, and a piece of tarpaulin thrown over it. Then two of the boys took out their Jew's-harps—alas! alas ! that was the only musical instrument within their reach, until the coveted hagpip>83 thould be purchased—Bnd gaily struck up with "Green grow tbe rashes, O!" as a preliminary flourish. What was this now ? "What buc a performance of the famous sword dance by that renowned and valiant henchman, Nicol MacNieol, of Erisaig, in the kingdom of Scotland 2 Nicol, failing a couple of broadswords or four dirks, had got two pieces of rusty old iron and placed them cross-wise on the extempo rised floor. With what skill and nimblenes3 ho proceeded to execute this sword-dance— which is no doubt the survival of some ancient mystic rite—with what elegance ho pointed his toes and held his arm3 akimbo; with what amazing dexterity, in all the evolutions of the dance, he avoided touching the bits of iron ; nay, with what intrepidity, at the most criti cal moment, ho held his arms aloft and vic toriously snapped his thumbs, it. want3 a Homeric chronicler to tell. It needs only be said here that after it Neil's "Highland Fling" was a comparative failure, though he, better than moat, could give that outflung quiver of the foot which few can properly acquire, and without which the dancer of the " Highland Fling" might just as well go home and go to bed. The great chieftain, having regarded these and other performances with an observant eye, and having awarded so many marks to this one and to that, declared the games over, and in vited the competitors one and all to a royal banquet. It was a good deal more wholesome than most banquets, for it consisted of a scone and a glass of fresh milk apiece—butter being as yet beyond the means of the MacNicols, And it was a good deal more sensible than most banquets, for there was no speech making after it. But there was some inte resting conversation. " Nicol, what did ye find in the dungeon?" Duncan said. " Oh, man, it was a gruesome place," said Nicol, who did not want to make too little of tho perils he had encountered, "What did ye see 2" "How could I see anything? But I felt plenty on the way down; and I'm sure it's fu o' creeping things and beasts. And then when I was near the foot, I put my hand on some thing leevin', and it flow up and hit me; and in a meenit the whole place was alive. Man, what a noise it was! And then down came the rope, and I fell; and I got sich a clour on the bead!" " Nothing but bats!" said Rob, contemptu ously. " I thing it was owlets," said Duncan con fidently ; " for there was one in the wood when I was gaun through, and I nearly r&n; my head against him. He wa3 sitting in one of the larches—man, he made a noise!" " Ye've got your heads filled with nothing but wiiches and warlocks tho day!" said Kob, impatiently, as he rose to his feet. " Come, and get the thiDgs into the basket Ye maun be back in Erisaig before the Glenara comes in." Very soon thereafter the small party made their way down again to the shore, and entered the war-galley of the chieftain, the halyards beiDg restored to their proper use. There were no more signs of any squall; but tbe light steady breeze was contrary ; and as Robert of the Red Hand was rather anxious to get hack before the steamer should arrive, snd as he prided himself on his steering, he himself took the tiller, his cousin Neil being posted as look-out forward, It was a tedious business this beating up against the contary wind; but there was nothing the MacNicols delighted in so much as in sailing, and they had grown to be expert in handling a boat. And it needed all their skill to get anything out of these repeated tacks with thi3 old craft, that had a sneaking sort of fashion of falling away to leeward. However, they had the constant excitement of putting about; and the day was fine; and they were greatly refreshed after their arduous pastimes by that banquet of scones and milk. Nor did they know that this wa3 to he the last day of their careless boyish idle ness; that never again would the great chief taiD, heedless of what the morrow might bring forth, hold these high frolics in the balls of Eile&n-na-Kona.; Patience and perseverance will beat even contrary winds ; and at last, after one long tack stretching almost to the other side of Loch Scrone, they put about, and managed to make the entrance to the harbor, just weather ing the rocks that had neavly destroyed them on their setting out. But here another diffi culty waited them. Under the shelter of the low-Jjing hills, the harbor was in a dead calm. No sooner had they passed the rocks than they found themselves on water as smooth as glass, and there were no oars in the boat, For ibis oversight Kob Mac Nicol was not respon sible; the fact being that oars were valuable inEriraig," and not easily to be borrowed, whereas this old boat was at anybody's dis posal. There was nothing for it but to sit and wait for a puff of wind. Suddenly they heard a sonnd—the distant' throbbing of the Glenara'* paddles. Kob grew anxious. This old boat was right in the fairway of the steamer; and the question was whether, in coming round the point, she would see them in time to slow. " I wish we were out of here," said he. As a last resource, he threw the tiller into the boat, took up the helm, and tried to use this as a Bort oi paddle. Bur, this was scarcely of any avail; and thsy could bear, though they could not see, that the steamer was almost at the point. The next moment she appeared; and it seemed to theia 211 their fright that suo was almost upon them—lowering away over thein with her gigantic bulk. They heard the scream of the steam-whistle, and the sharp " ping ! ping !" of the indica tor, as the captain tried to have the engine reversed, It was too late. The way on the steamer curried ber on, c-ven when her piddles were stopped ; -and the nest second her bows had gone clean into the oid tarred beat, catting her almost in two and heeling her over. She sank at cnca. Then the passengers of the steamer rushed to the side to see what should become of the lads struggling iu the water ; the mate threw overboard to thera a couple of life-buoys ; and the captain shouted out to have a boat lowered. There was a great confusion, Meanwhile, all this had been witnessed by the father of the MacNicols, who had stood for & second or two as if paralysed. Then a sort of a spasm of action seized him, and apparently not knowing what he was about, he threw open the gangway abaft the paddle bos and sprang into the sea, f To be continued. J 