T'HE CAULFIELD RACE-MEETING. JnY ELECTIiC TELEGI.APYO.J [PousO OUR OWN COuIIREPONDENT.] Melbourne, Sunday, October 12. The Caulfield spring meeting, under the auspices f.the' Victorian Amateur Turf Club, was com nenced on Saturday. It had been raining all hrough the week, and, on the morning of the races, ght showers continued to fall until a late hour, and are were entertained thalt a postponement would e found to be necessary. However, towards noon he sky brightened over-head, and just allowed time or visitors to reach the course, when the rain canme own again in torrents, and most of the races were un in pelting ramn. The folloewingare theresults of he various events : Maiden Plate.-Norfolk, 8st 81b, 1: Duration, 8st 1b, 2; Vasco, 7st Tlb. 3. The other starters were pri, Carbuncle, Queen Bess, Polestar. Conjecture, ernet, The Bey. Dargo, Hawthorne, MetaL Mozart. eutftre, and Cultee. Betting: 7 to 4 on The Bey, to 1 against Capri, 6 to 1 Norfolk, 7 to 1 Conjec re. Thisa was a good race. Won by half-aneok, rasco being a good third. Time, Imin. 49see. First Hurdle Race;.-Sinking Fuond, st 31b, 1; ately, Ilst 31b, 2; Tantaliser, 9st 81b, 3. The thr starters were Belle Brandon, Wont Count, iobeloff, Tell-Tale, Tattler, Concord, Dawdler, ettern, Spartan, Star. and Canute. Betting: 6 o 4 against Yately, 3 to I Tantaliser, 6 to 1 oelff, 7 to I Star. Sinking Fund won by a ength: Time, 3min. Ieec. Great Foal Stakes.-Ringmaster, 1; Oeista, 2; mbra, 3. The other starters were Merry Christmas, asbuntuer, .Narrowen, First Prince, Sanvignon, ay Adelaide, Carew,.and Proen. Betting :3 to i g finstRingmaster, 5 to 1 Phimeon and Umbra, 6 to First Prince. Ocista looked the winner 100 yards rom home, but Ringmseter, dashing up in the centre f the'course, beat her cleverly by a length ande half. Ubra finished on Ocista's girths. Time, 55*soc. Caulfield Guineas.-Saudal, 1; Gratitude, 2; Eeeoe,. 3. The following horses also started: ebs, terrimn, Rufuls, David, Lepocello, Tre Cnando, Sirocco. Pilot. and Bohemian. Betting : 3 to 1 against Rufus and Helene, 7 to 1 Gratitude and rremando, 8 to 1 Merrimn and Sirocco. After an different start the first to more were Rebus, Grati bude, and Sandal. As soon as they were settled Idown Gratitude took up the running. and led along* ihe back of the course biy two lengths. followed by andal and Sirocco, the others being in a cluster, and rumando last. Helene then ran up third, and Sandal gradually drew up to the leader, and led nto the straight by half-a-length from Gratitude, with H leine three leingths away. and the others in if?fculties. Once fairly in the straight the race was ever in doubt, for Sandal held her own, and won ery by a length from Gratitude. Helene bein~ tree lengths away third, Sirocco a bad fourth, fol owed by avid, Rufue, Bohensian, Merrimo, and lremando. Time, Imin. l50sc. Findon Harriers' Gold Vase.--Chieftain, 1 lst 12lbh, i; Abdallab. 10st 12lb. 2: The Clown, Ilist 9lb, 3. ihe other starters were Barcoo, Syphon. Yankee 'rab, Peeping Tom, Antelope, Emily, Marquis, anyenoug, Lord of the Forest, Redoubt, Terror, Mormon, Our Boys, Sky-Rocket, Random, Pilot, rghtiy, Berefonrd, Findon. The Laird, Chester, ir ouet, and Carmioe. Betting : 4 to 1 against hieftain, 5 to I Abdallah, 6 to 1 Yankee Grab and Baeioi B-y the time tlhey had reached the last fence all except about half-a-dozen had either fallen r refused the hurdles. Chieftain beat Abdallah in the ran home by three or four lengths. Time, 5min. 6sec. Toorak Handicap.-Precioue Stone, 7st 21b, 1; Meteor, 7st 101b, 2; Prodigal, 7st 51b, 3. Other starters were Rapid, Napier, Don Quixote, Irrales, Coriolanus° Little Sister, Thie Andes, The Ghost, C!ountryman, Lesbia, Muscat. Josephine, Ironhand, iXRantippe, Permit, and Acolyte. Betting : 3 to 2 Iagainst Meteor, 5 to 1 Precious Stone, 6 to 1 Don Quixote. Won by two lengths. Time, uImin. 5lsee. Time following is the latest betting on the Caulfield Cp :--S to l against Coletoun, 12 to I Frying- pan ad Hastings, 25 to I others. The advance olCol stoan to such a short price is due to the good form shown by Precious Stone in the Toorak indicap. It has transpired that the deceased engine-driver, James Griffith. was a brother of the famous old Surrey cricketer, George Griffith, or, as ie was popularly known, "Ben Griffith, the lion bitter." He visited the colonies in 1861-62 as one of H. H. !Stephenson's eleven-the first to visit Australia. The eleven played twelve matches in all, and Griffith played in each. He made the best average during the tour--namely, 21 15, and his aggregate was 372. For several years old Ben assisted to fightthe battles of his country on the Kennington Oval and other famous cripket-fields. He was one of the redoubtable Surrey eleven which, in the year 1863 or 1864, was not defeated in any instance, and which thrashed a picked All England eleven with nine wickets to spare. Habitu6s of the Oval, even as near as ten or twelve years ago, will remember what a grand hitter and very fair bowler was this popular left-handed cricketer. His benefit match was one of the most successful ever played on the Oval.-Courier. A telegram from Sydney in Friday's Telegraph says :-News has been received that the screw steamer Madjus, from Sunderland, via Suez Canal. Sourabaya, Torres Straits, and Mackay. foundered on the coast, on the 6th instant. All hands were saved and arrived at 'Port Stephens, whence they proceeded yesterday to Newcastle. The steamer left Mackay on Tlhursday and her arrival here was hourly expected when the news of her fate reached town. The lMadjus was coinmnnanded by Captain T. Brewis, and set out from Sundcrdand from Port Jackson, on April 30. She was compelled to put into Sourabaya for repairs, having sustained damage in a heavy gale to the westward of tihe Haby Island. Tile vessel. as far as is at present known, was in ballast. Tie Madjus was from the shipnilding yard of Kish, Bould, and Co., Sunderland, and was launched on March 27 of tihe present year. Sie was an iron, twin screw steamer. and was built to the order of Mr. Thos. Kish, of Sunderland. She was especially designed and constructed for river service, being of an exceedingly light draught of water. The Madjus belongs to the samne line as the Bortonius now trading on this coast, and was to run in con junction with that vessel. She was insured in England. 