-.-----ECHOES OF MELBOURNE. - (Br THE GHds?.) March 8. Sydney:Smith has placed: on record the. opinion thait "every. Cbinet Minister should judge of all his measures by his 'foolometer,' just as a navigator crowds or shortens mail by the-'barob etr'in hies ahia."' Andthe reverend entloemanprooeeds to describe the instrument. It consists of three or four "regular fools," by whose means he isenabled to predict, with the greatest nicety, the effect any measure is likely to produce on the public. They, must be selected, as "theo, exaot representatives of all comiioin-ploce "prejuidices," and their opinions being'in ninecases out of ten a reflex of those of the majority, afford acortain guide as to how ,far it is safe for the Governmenot to proceed in any given :direction. In Victoria Ministers havd- not,, iup to the present time, experienced the necessity of providing themselves with the valuable philosophical instrument. The Oppo .sitiop, by neglecting to act on the advice which enjomns people about to embark on any busi ness " ndt to start before yot aroreindy," and criticising the. Ministerial programme be fore it is officially announced, affords the Government, of. the day the opportunity of finding in which direction the popular Grihnal. kiu'is likely-to jump, ansd framing their policy so as-to loave ase few' holes in their political ;garicient for' their ojpolients' to notice as is coinliatiblo with their'professed principles. ' To so canny a Premier as Mr. Service, the an nouncement of the series of meetings to hi held by prominent members of " the outs " must be a source of. peculiar eatisfaction. Those utterances ,will fully answer all the purposes of the "foolometor.'" Major Smith is to open fire on the Government at, Ballarat on April 7, and from that date until Parliament meets the Ministry are to be subjected to a series of attacks by the " horse, foot, and dragoons " of the Opposition forces. For some time the hehoiorniblo :and gallant member for Ballarat .hasfboon preparing- his'indictment, and con sidering the close relations that have for years existed between Mr. Berry, the Chief Secretary, and "the Major," somee piquant revelations are expected. Major Smith cannot forget that when the preliminaries for the formation of the present Ooalitiod' Government were being settled, Mr. Barry, forgetful of the Damon and Pythias-like friendship ' that had Thitherto united them, assented to the condition that of the followers of the member for Geelong to be included in tihe team, Mr. W. O. Sinith was not to be one. Hence these tears. At present, Mr. Richardson and Mr. Mackay, who ore announced to ad dress their constituents the week after the major's pronunciamentilo,aid!arelboth.talkers of the genuies bore, are the most prominent among the discontented ones who intend "orating." Whether M~r. Service will reply to.tho speeches to be fired off against the Miniitry, or await the re-assembling of Parliament, haslie not yet been decided by the Cabinet. ' The only one of his colleagues the Premi;or can trust to open his mouth in public, without committing hiimiself, is the cautious linister of Railways, and as is well-known that gentleman never cares to do more work than he. can help. Besides, Mr. Gillios is in NewZealand,"njoying himself at the lot lakes, and in no way desirous of exchanging their health-giving proporties for Victorian hot water. Tile acquittal of Mr. Pitman, late Inspector of Post and Telegraph ofices, places, the Government in a soniowhat awkward position. Mr. Berry. on the 'acceisation being made, appoitied a board'comprisiog three civil ser vants, presided over by Mr. Panton, to try the offender. This illegally constituted tribinal found Pitman guilty, and the Postmaster General -at once dismissed him from his posi tion. A jury, to whom the case was submitted in due form, has arrived at a different con clusion. By the action of the Board Mr. Pit man forfeits.a pension of some £450 per annum to which he.is entitled, and by that of the jury lie is pronounced an.innocent man. The only offence proved is that of having, on Cup Day, imbibed not wisely, but too well ; and for this delinquenocy the punishment awarded is nmi doubtedly too oevere. The matter will certainly come before Parliament unless the Postmaster. General, before the Houses assemble, re-con siders Iris decision. "Tho pieople of IMelbourne are at the present moment very muech puzzled to know what to eat in tie shape of butchliers' moat. - The City Inspector says that at least fourteen per cent. of -the cattle slaughtered are affected with tuberculosis ; the city Magistrates have decreed that we are no longer to enjoy that essentially British luxury known as tripe, the boiling of the article having been decreed a "noxions trado"--although even the witnesses for the prosocutibn all deposed that it caused no nuisance whatever-andfilshandpoultryarobe yond the purchasing power of ordinary house holders. As for pork the revelations anent the Sandridgo Bond and the Northeoto pig geries have rendered the flesh of swine as great an abomination to most Christians as it is to our Jewish follow colonists. There re mains therefore nothing but mutton and rab bits, and oven this latter delicacy is not free from a sonpeon of the phosporised oats, and; indeed, unless great precautions are taken to guard against the scab, which has shown itself in a flock of American stud sheep lately imported into Now South ,Valos, we shall not even have- the molancholy satisfaction of being able to fall back on our moutones. .The Steam Navigation Board has once more shown its utter incapacity to deal with nautical matters by the way in which they have dealt with grounding of the bark The Jamnetjeo Family on the Capoe Otway roof. For deliberately running the ship into danger in broad daylight, with a fair wind, and as nearly wrecking the vessel as it was possible to do without actually losing her, Captain ML'Eachren is c'cautioned and reprimanded;' Dozens of cases could be instanced in which for far lesse grave errors, sentences of two 'years' ' suspension of certificates have been pronounced. Surprise at the absurd decisions sometimes I given will, however, be somewhat lossened v when it is borne in mind that the most regular attendant eat the meetings of the Board is a bank manager, from a country town, who knows .ns little of maritime' affairs as does Mr. Berry's Farmer of Finance, and who would be puzzled to tell the difference between a spanker and a jibboom. . The quid nuncwho have been expecting some frequent revelations in .connection with the libel action brought by Major 'V. C. Smith against tho.Ball?lat Star, are likely to be die- I appointed. The leek will he eaten by the peocant journal,whlchsomo weeks ago was adver tised for sale, and has :therefore no interest in fighting. The plaintiff is meanwhile taking steps,;which are of interest to every newspaper proprietoir. The Supreme Court is to be asked to compel the Star to give up the names of the author of the statements complained of as re flecting on the moral character of the ex Minister of-Education. Should this demand be acceded to, Sprivilege long enjoyed by the Press will be bwept away. -.And- the. immediate effect of the decision, which, by the way was foreshadowed by iMr. Justice Higinbotham, during the trial of I a recent aetion aganilst a metropolitan journal, will be to make libellers more cautious, and editormnior-earbless. I The Governorship of -Victoria is going a begging. It has been reftised outright by one gentlemnn, ond anothler to wllomthe position has been offered has, with a cautiousness fully becoming his nationality, asked for time in order to enable hilm to eoneult the Earl of Rduebery, in regard to the price at which he. can perform the gibernatorial daties and dis pinse thie hospitalities of the big house in the domain. If the colony is desirous of securing : the services of Lord Reay, it may therefore save - time by wiring at once to his intended Excel loney the price of oatmeal, and the figure per head at which Mr. Clements "does" the din niers and balls at Gpvernment House. Although bent on securing a lucrative appointment his Scottish lordship has evidently a frugal mind, and is desirous of the mosetrecentinformation in regard to tile minimum of expenditure he will be called upon to Incur. Another impe cainious nobleman, whose estates requiro tursing-tho Eatl of Dalhousle-is also men tioned.as a possible, if not indeed a probable, Governor. Victoria, the golden colony ear rxcellecice, Is evidently looked upon in Downing street as a sort of refuge for destitato members of the aristocracy of Great Britain. The theatrical world hqs witnessed during the week a "grand Scottish revival," Miess Eloise Juno; at the Opera House, delighting large nudiences in the title role in "Jeannie Deans.!! - Impulse still rune at the Princoss, hut the last nights are announced. At the Bijon '!Imprudenoe" has evidently hit the publld taste, while at the Royal Mr. Dompier ivwas place to Mr. Holloway, who produces 'The Wages.of Sin,t' whih lias been so sue ceassfully performed in Ballarnt. A now star, Miss Geneveive Ward, is to mako Ier appear ance next week at the Princess. 