MICHAEL DAVITT'S OPINION. Michael Davitt has been speaking bio mind on various matters. He says : — It is to be regretted that the condition of affairs in Ireland is not more encouraging. Tko country cannot be Gaid to be more prosperous than formerly by reason of recent land legislation, although there is undoubtedly pome little relief from the acute distress of the laofc few years amongst the poorer classes. i?ut a single bad season would once raore precipitate us into a famine, so closely on the verge of starvation do tho pooler people still live. The better class of farmer?, and even tho praziers, are beginning to realize that the Land Question is far from settled. The prices of. cattle have seriously declined, and we may ex pect in a very short time a very earnest agita tion for a serious amendment of the late Land Act, or its entire superee.'Uiion. The Land Courts are, indeed, practically abandoned. Less than one-fifth of tho tenant- farmc-i'fl of Ireland have Fought the protection of tho Act, aud that be cause ifc haa been found that tho administration of the Act has been entrusted to men who have observed a surprising uniformity both in their methods of going to work, and m tho rents which they have fixed, so that the not result is what certain members of tho Government 'pre- dicted,' viz., that rents have been reduced to the Ifvel of those common in the bestmanagod estates. The land reformers of. Ireland have much reason to hope that corresponding movements in Eng land and Scotland will help them materially. A short time ago Mr. Gladstone, in a speech to bin constituent?, declared that the Land Act bad met every case of rack-renting in Ireland, and that the power of the Land League, which had aimed at inducing men to refuse to pay the rents they had contracted to pay, hod been broken. This was really a misstaternent, the aim of which was to promote in the minds of Englishmen and Scotchmen tho idea that Ireland bad been righeously dealt with, and was now complaining without sufficient reason. Wo might have been powerless to refute these misstatements but for the circumstance that the people of G-reat Britain are awakening to tho fact that, in the land sys tems to which they are subject, and the House of Lords, they have the efficient causes oi: industrial depression, and political oppression, and are thus inclined to listen to uo when wo tell them— first, that the Land Act haa not settled the Land Question for Ireland, aud that the system of Castle government is for us an intensification of the political op pression which we, in common with them, suffer from the hereditary House of Peers. For my own part, however, I do aot think that the lack of organization as represented by the National League at all indicates any real lukewarmness on the part of the great body of the people with regard to the leading points at issue as between us and England. There are considerable numbers of ardent Nationalists who do not belong to the National League, because they consider that organization does not go far enough on the Land Question, and the managers of the league do not encourage any one feo join the league unless they accept the programme of the league in its entirety. This is contrary to the understanding upon which the league was founded ; and it has an injurious effect upon the organization. Nevertheless if a vacancy should occur in any constituency outside of Ulster, and in several inside that province, none but a thoroughly Nationalist candidate would have the ghost of a chance of. being elected. This means that on a great public occasion minor differences disappear, and all Nationalists, what ever their views on social questions, unite to carry their man. 