A Model Gbosf, Story. 1 A very singular story/which forms ono of the sensational 'social topics of the d.ty, is the best authenticated ol the many storic3 of the supernatural that have been lately told. .Only a short time ago' a youug and well-luown artist, Mr, A. was invtted to pay a visit to his distinguished frioud,^Mr. Izzard. The^JIouse was filled, with' guests, \ but a largo and handsome room was placed at bis disposal. For three days he had a delightful visit,. delightful in all particulars eave one— he had each night b horrible dream. Ue dreamed — or was really— suddenly awakened by snmc person entering' hia room, and on lookiug round, flaw the room brilliantly lighted; while at tbe window stoo'3 a lady, elrgantly attired, in the:act bf throwing something ont. This accomplished alie turned her fane towards' the only spectator, showing a couutcnanro so. distorted by evil passions that he was thrilled with horror. 8oon the light and the figure with the drerf&fnl; face Hisnpp^arcdj loavtng the artist suffering from a frgh'fful nightmare. Oa returning to his city home ho was b-- ha'tnted by the drenjful eonntcii.mcc which ; hiWfof three consccutive nights troubled him, that-ho made a skctcb of it, nnd so real that the evil expression seemed to horrify everyone who paw it. Not a great while after tbo artist went to mako an evening visit on M', Izsard ; that gentleman invited him to bis picture gallery, as ho wished to show him some remarkable old family portraits. What was Mr. A'b surprise to recognise among thein in tho likeness of a (stately, wcll-drcsscd lady, the one who had bo troubled his slumbers on his previous visit, lacking, however, the revolting, wicked expression. As soon at) he saw it he involuntarily exclaimed, 'Why, I have seen that lady/' '? Indeed,' said Mr, T, smiling, 'that is hardly possible, ns she died more than a hundred years ago, -She wan the second wife of my crca^ratidfather, and r fleeted ? 'anything but credit on the family. * She waa strongly snspectcd of having murdered her husband's son by a former marriage, in order to mako her own child heir to the property. Thennfortunato boy broko hia neck in a fall from a window, and thorc i3evcry reason tdbelicrethathowosprccipitatcd from a wiodow by hia step-mo' hor. ' The artist then told his host the circumstances ' of his thrice-repeated experience or dream, and scot for his sketch, which, so far an the' features were concerned, was identical with the portrait in Mr. Izzard's gallery. The sketch has since been photographed, but from its hideous cxprosBion, is far from pleasant to look upon, — Bofton Courier (US). Numerous diamonds and sapphiera arc being obtained on the new field, Nittagong, ? N.3.W. . Australian ladies will soon be able to wear feathers grown in 'Australia . Pencil aud Hughes, of Adelaide, report haying 'sold, on account of Malcnm's Ostrich Farming Com? paiiy, a fcfy'nice liU of mixed -^trioh feathers at an average prico of ,6s each. We give a few Bpccimcns of tho sort of treason and foul calumnies' that tho low-olasn Hiudoo papers arc now circulating among-t tho millions of ignorant people upon whom British rulolias conf.-rrcl such priceless bless- ' ings ' The fiendish EngHnhmsn Bny Iaugh jjigly that tho people of Madras died of starva tion because thuy were improvident. If those ' wboin thuy bavo robbed of^ivaryihing lament, the fiendish Englishmen call them rcbdS. To bog for employment ia impertinence. They Cill men idle if they cannot work on account of weakness caused by inflnfTritnt food.' The Dacca Prohith, a BongaledHiewspapcr, has, perhaps, anrpaased all its contemporaries. It observes in tho issue of July?^27££ last : — ' Forcigace have taken possession of Tndin. And are sucking her dry. Tho people of lndia_ look on iu a helpless manner. Their best infer cats are sacrificed for tho benefit of the English. Over and above this, tbo innocent natives atfe iosultefl and killed. At crcry step the people'.seqd up:a-ciy^fdr -succour, ' when the 'English whip or ths'Ehgliali kick ♦falls upon them. The d^mous pip. engaged, heart «and .soul, in violating the chasti-y and taking tho liven of Indian fe'm.iloB; Wh;.t a heartrending scene ! 'It ia matter of regret , thrt the people of Indindo not cird up their loios to get rid of l|jd oppression of whit.e | in«n.' Will msv the able correspondent of , .the Tinils at Calcutta say :— 11 Moderate and I liburai minded mep are -asking whether the 1 re-cnactmeut of'Lord Lytton's * gaggiag' Act if* not a matter of,abaolute aud preouing neces sity.' . fc-' ?#. * * 