S[?]ORTING NEWS. BALLARAT COURSING CLUB. JUNE MEETING. The BALLARAT OAKS: The winner to receive £50; runer-up, £25; winner of thres courres £10; and winner of two codrieis, £5each. •' /Nelly Dobson bent'F*drNell ■ - *' 1 beat Factory QirVvvV-W 1 r e —Ballarat-Brilliant bast Nanett- ; y ■ A.■. iv. . .n* i Ballarat Winnie beat Nelly Dobson: -. . :/■ i ..Ballarat, Brilliant rAnabye:"::A: AVA -- n Asthe twogreyhoundsleft'inwerothe property of Mr W; Bailey, they dividedthe Brakes. _ . ''A— J- : The Ballarat Derby. —The-:winner■ cetve £45; runner-up, £2O; ■course. £5 each.. •- ■■■■ m. ' . •*“ “ ??n Sir Garnet Wolseley beat Cadger ' " f Prosperous Boy beat Ballarat Baron , .-Final Course. : • Mr J. DurorVe b w ' Sir. Garnet: Wolseley, Capitol—L»dy Prospect, beat Mr-T. Bellly'e b w Prosperous Boy, Eica—Saowy, 7 and .Von the Derby. T" Nat. KalStakes, for 16 puppies, at £2 each. •r The-winner- to receive £l2, runner-up £6, \- winner of two course* £2 each. _M t J.Fa wcetfc’a .f and Fremant le, Factor _B oj— Spiteful, bea* Mr H.S. Birrett's b w b Britzke, Battle Axe—Ballfcta ‘ * . ‘MrVC# Tates* bwd Gorse, Capital—Lady" Prospect, beat Mr_H. Duran's bd w and Owen; ‘ V“ : Mr W. Bailey Vb;wb B tllarat Puss, Fudla-! deeh—Fadette.V beat Mr H;* Crook's w b and | Cardeharper, .Esca—Nell. ! Mr J. Fox’s w b b.Mona Marie, Eaca— Zoe I II;, beat Mr H.S.vß*rrett’flb w b Broad- ■ sword, Battle Axe—Howepa.. Mr F. H. Dre w’s bd bXiVdy Frances, Nimble* foot—Lady Mary, beat Mr J. Sector's w bd • Capitd—Lady Prospect Mr P, Quinlivsn’s w b b Quail, Esea— Snowy, bt*at Mr Wjßailey’a bwb Ballarat Lady, Fadlacießn—Fatinitska Mr R. G. Talbut'a £ w b Twinkle - (late - KUda),’Capital—Katrine, beat Mr fl. Unran’a be w and Undaunted, Wallace—Venus IL Mr W. Bailey’s be w and Ballarat Blue Bibbon, Grenadier—Janistn, beat Mr J. Fox’e bwb Fly, Esca—Snowy • n. ! Gorse beat Freemautle 1 Ballarat Puss beat Mona Marie Quail beat Lady Frances Twinkle beat Ballarat Blue Ribbon . ‘-nr Gone beat Ballarat Puss Twinkle beat Quail Final course. Gorse beat Twinkle Th-* attendance at tbe Ercildoune Pluropton | was very limited yesterday, attractions else* j where doubtless having bad some effect upon I it. Tbe aport was again excellent, and all pre- I sent were highly pleased. The success of Mr William Bailey in landing tbe winner and runner-up in tbe Oaks was a very popular one, as that gentleman, always to the fore in coursing affairs, had hitherto been un lucky. Ballarat Winnie (late Winnie Chester, a purchase of Mr Bailey’s), succeeded In beating Nelly Dobson barely with a kill, and as Ballarat Brilliant had a bye, Mr B.dley had nothing further to beat, and deservedly was entitled to first and second money. Ballarat Winnie (late Winnie Chestei) is by Chester, out of Lily; and Balla rat Brilliant by Frazer, out of Dora. At the Oaks and Derby meeting of theV.C.C. Balla rat Brilliant was the runner-up in tbe Oaks. Mr R O. Munro’s Nelly Dobson also proved berte fa clever little bitch. The C*pltol blood also had a representative in Mr J. b w Sir Garnet Wolseley, which succeeded in beating Mr T. Reilly’s puppy, Piosperous Boy, by Esca. Tbe Mount Pros pect District also, in addition to MrDuroae’s win, carried off the Kal Kal Stakes, Mr 0 Tates’ Gorse, another Capitol puppy, running up first. Towards tbe end of ibe c*rd the healths of *‘The Wnnere,” “The Judge,” 41 Sir Samuel Wilson,” coupled with the name of Mr M’Cmk, tbe overseer, were honoured. Tbe description of the coursing is as fol lows: Oaks. Third Rmnd.—Th© run-up between N*lly Dobson and Fair Nell was even for a distance, when tbe former worked up to 'he hare, and secured a turn and wrench. Several inter changes ensued, in which Nelly Dobson bad the beet of it. Ballarat Winnie led Factory Girl by a few lengths, and worked very closely, letting Factory Girl have a wrench by favour. Bdlarat Brilliant led Nanette by several lengths to the bare, but after a little work Naoetie g t in, and, doubt les», would have equalised mutters only for au unfortunate stumble in tbe. noith*east corner of the Plumpton. Fourth Round —Ballarat Winnie led Nellie Dobson, and then a few interchanges took pl«ce, and Nellie Dobson give the go- bye, but Ballarat Winnie killed ju«t In time to make a win. If tbe hare had been a better one Nellie Dobson had a splendid show, being a clever working bitch. As Ballarat Brilliant and Bal larat Winnie b *th belonged to Mr Bailey first and second money was divided. Derby. Third Round.—Sir Garnet Wolseley led Cadger to a spanking bare. Near tbe escape tbe knight secured first end second turn, and the hare Cadger never scored. Prosperous B «y teat Ballarat Baron easily. Fiohl C »ursf?.—Prosperous Boy find tbe lead from tbe slips, but Sir Garnet Wolseley forced himself in front, and subsequently let Pro sperous Boy in once or twice by favour. Prosperous Boy ran very well indeed, but tbe superior working powers of Sir Garnet were too evident. The win was a good one, as S r Garnet ran spleudidiy throughout the Derby. Kal Kal Stakes First Round. —Fremantle completely sent Bri'zka to the w*ll. Gorse met Owen Swiff, in which the litter reached puss first, but working wide let Gorse in who obtained a few turns end ended with a quick kill. Had it been a good racing bare, barring accidents, 1 Owen Swift would have wou. Bnllarat Puss I led up Cxrdsbarper and till past tbe stand did Ia- me quick, clever work. C-trdsbarper got in j and commenced to wipe off the score, when BOlarat Puss stopped 50 yards off tbe escape, and Cardeharper went on. Tbe judge gave tbe course iu favour of Ballarat Foes. Mona Marie never gave Broadsword the ghost of a chance. Larry led Lady Francis and seemed to be iu it, but tbe clever woiked of her ladyship pulled down tbe score. Lary flicked and Lady Fiancis killed. Ballarat Lady led up by a few lengths, secured first turn and a wrench, j when Q .ail got in «nd did a little work, the | black went forward, Quail gave the go-bye and ! eventually won. Twinkle won hands down, as ! Undaunted never scored. Ballarat Blue | Ribbon led up and did all the work. Fly got in and killed, but too early for herself. Second Round.—After a very quick course, | in which both showed equal skill Gome was awarded a win against Fremantle. Ballarat Puss disposed of Mona Marie by reason of superior speed. Quril ltd up, did a little work* when Lady Frances took possession of the hare but Quail got in again and did some clever work. Twinkle in tbe run up passed Ballarat Blue Ribbon and reached a good travelling bare, and after taking & wide turn out of puss, tbe latter escaped, and Twinkle won as a matter of course. Third Round Ballarat Puss led to tbe bare, but Gurae went iu and commenced to score, wbeu Ballarat Puss again became dis heartened and ran back to her trainer before tbe coarse was half over. Quail was first from the slips, but Twinkle reached tbe hare first, and thereafter Quail was not in it. Final Course—Gorse met Twinkle, and as the hare was a good racing one, Gorse showed bis opponents a clean pairs of heels, and won tbe stakes. 