""" AN EASTER VACATION. T. it is probable that tew sufferers from accident could give any clear idea as ' the eMCt nature of the misfortune which befell them. Certainly, Gilbert Drayton, when he was knocked down ana Ion over in the neighbourhood of the London Docks, was unconscious of any thing bnt a sudden shock, which roused him from his reverie, and then robbed him of all power of thought before he bad time to wonder as to its cause. The driver of the van, who clam bered off bis perch with dismay and anxiety in his face, was quite nnable to oness how the collision came about. Of Joe point only was he certain— he had not been asleep, a statement which the police received with an incredulity they did not consider it necessary to conceal. Bnt protestations, explanations, and con temptuous silence, were alike nnheeded by the victim, around whose motionless form a crowd soon gathered. A dim sensation of bine overhead and ironDdbim slowly crept in upon Gilbert's consciousness. He was swimming in the nea, which had closed over his head, and abut him in at a great depth. As he etrngeled to the surface, he gradually br.m» aware that the blue of the ocean tss broken here and there by patches of white, at which he gazed dreamily, until s andden sharp pang aroused him to a full consciousness that he was looking at the blue checked curtains and canopy of a bed. 'There ! that is all right !' he heard ; and before he could protest alike against tbe sentiment and the tone in which it was nttered, he became unconscious again, and nurse and surgeon were un interrupted in their work and their sense of satisfaction. As soon as Mr. Drayton recovered bimself sufficiently to consider his posi tion, two dominant ideas kept recnrring to his mind, the first being that he had shown considerable folly in leaving the 6afe end of town merely to see off a friend who was sailing for Australia. The second thought, which was a more satisfactory one, and had even a flavour of self-con gratulation about it, was that if he was fated to be laid up in an East End hos pital, he could not have chosen a more convenient time than the Easter vacation, when everyone was out of Loudon. ' Thank you, I want nobody,' he had replied to the surgeon's offer of sending ' :ior a friend. I have plenty to see and to interest me here. In fact, instead of apologising for haviog no private room yon can offer me, yon ought to congratu late me on the fact.' As may be imagined, it was some time before the patient was able to make so long and so rational a speech. There were weary hours of pain when he lay in a half-stupor, and even more Buffering nights when he moved his head, half delirionslv to and fro. Intent on finding the sqnare root of eighty-three, or con structing an island in the Mediterranean out of three nneqoalised pieces of stick. He could never tell at what point of his recovery, whether in real delirium or in a broken dream, that he first began to associate ease from pain, and a pervading sense of happiness with the presence of the sister in charge of the ward. At first he attributed his longing for her to a desire for a drink of water or a rearrangement of his pillows ; but am the fern leit him and he conld think clearly, he constructed a fanciful theory that she exercised a subtle mesmeric influence over him, and he used to long for her coming in order to test the existence of the power he suspected . She was by no means the ideal nnrse of fiction — a pale, fragile girl, with large dark eyes and delicate, wasted hands — on file contrary, Sister Hansel! was a tall, well-grown woman of thirty, with a pair of rosy cheeks, which reminded her patients of the pleasant country, and a smile which made sick men and women feel as if life were something worth struggling for, after all. The grey gown fitted her badly, Gilbert soon noticed, Md her cap was hideously ugly. He thought it all the uglier because it hid a quantity of brown hair, which was plaited closely away, as if its owner's only care was to put it out of eight Plentiful as it was, Gilbert once saw two gmy hairs on one side of the narrow patting as she bent down to pick up something he had dropped, and he took a malicious pleasure in noticing them - and looking for them again. After nil ahe had not the secret of nernetnal mnth amidst the suffering and angnish aronnd her. His mind revolted from the idea of anch unfairness, and he consoled himself J flunking that she, too, would grow old, and that they two — he and she — would be equals some day. She was way five years his junior now, but he knew in bis heart, as he watched her passing to and fro with her qnick step and bright eyes, that no lapse of years conld ever bring them to a level. It was a pleasure to see her move, and every flay as he watched her he became con vinced more firmly than before that Mien were deeper truths in mesmerism than he had ever believed possible, for he was restless and miserable until she came, I 'wist her presence gave him calm and contentment. But after a time he found the magic 1 fir as he improved in health, and very day brought fresh cams, and too o«en serious ones, into the ward, the sister lingered longer and oftener by o her beds than by his ; and as he atfed with all a sick man's impatience coming, he became more critical sn before as to the fit of her dress and e set of her cap, although all the old suae of healing returned for a time when she stood by his side, and he could surreptitiously take hold of a fold of her grey gown. There were about thirty beds in the ward — Gilbert counted them once, and then calculated to an exact fraction the portion of Sister Msnsell's time that fell to bis share. Like a usurer exacting his dues, he watched the minutes she gave him, and raged inwardly when she deprived him of his just amount. At last — it must be remembered that he was still very ill — he hit upon a happy expedient for detaining her; he obsti nately refused to allow her to carry out the surgeon's directions. She looked at him a little anxiously to see whether he were feverish, laid her hand an instant on his pulse, and then finding the resnlt of her investigations satisfactory, began to coax him to be good. But he would not be persuaded, possibly he could not be, for it is strange how soon in illness a scheme of action begun voluntarily passes beyond control ; and, perceiving that he had reached this stage, she left him to attend to her other patients. Xt only needed a few minntes of silence and want of opposition to con vince him of the natnre of his conduct,- and when the sister returned, be not only submitted to her wishes, but apologised for the trouble he had caused her. 'Ob, it did not matter,' she made reply ; ' only it seems a pity to waste any time.' Waste any time 1 He had not de layed her five minutes. Why, he knew dozens of men, and of women too, to whom minntes and hoars were too often hardens which seemed intolerable. She hsd not intended to do more than utter the barest truism by her statement, but no sermon ever snnk into Gilbert's heart as did those simple words. What had he done with his time — with six- and-thirty years of life 1 That question returned to him over and over again as he lay silent and motionless daring the long hoars of convalescence. That absence of active wrong-doiog, which constitutes tbe sole claim to a mercifnl judgment of some lives, seems to lose its potency when bronght into contact with the active principle of good which animates others. 'I am afraid yon must find these Sunday afternoons very tiresome,' Baid Sister Mansell, coming up to turn, as she saw the puzzled, anxious look npon his face. He was only revolving the question of the difference between his life and here, but she thought he was in pain. He smiled for answer, hoping' to detain her a little longer ; he knew that she could only stay a minute, for the ward was full of the patients' friends, and the nnrse in charge had to answer innnmerable inquiries, to say nothing of keeping a careful watch npon the visitors, who, in a spirit of crnel kind ness, would smuggle in all kinds of for bidden luxuries. < Ho. indeed.' he answered at last . ' I have so mnch to see and to hear ; perhaps the room is a little close, bnt there is a great deal of reality here.' She hardly understood him, for life had never been anything bnt real to her, but ebe was glad that he was contented. The situation did not seem a very happy one. On his left a woman was relating volubly to a convalescent how her youngest son had made her flesh creep by falling into the water-butt, whilst on hiB right a young wife was sitting as silent and almost as motionless as the figure on the bed which she was watching with eyes full of her unspoken anguish. ' Can one do anything to help ?' asked Gilbert suddenly, remembering with a pang of remorse how often he had grudged the hoars which Sister Mansell had given to hiB neighbour. Do yon mean by giving money ? Oh no,' was the answer ; ' bnt I cannot help hoping etilL' She left him and went up to the. rilqnt watcher. Gilbert conid not bear what she said; bat he conld see the look on her face, which, reflected back from the other, seemed to brighten it like a ray of sunshine. It was as if Hope itself, in a grey gown and large apron, had descended into the ward. 'She's a right good sort,' said one of the convalescent patients, when, the visitors being gone, he hobbled to the side of Gilbert'e bed; 'and she's got pluck euongh for anything. Why, there was a poor crittur, mad from drink, got away from the naree-and p'liceman who was watching him up stairs- — it must ha been just before you come in— and he come screaming through the ward with poker in his hand 5 it was two o'clock in the morning, and the night-nurse, she give one shriek and was off before you conld say Jack Robin bod, but the sister, she was in the ward just as soon, and ahe walked up to him as he -etood ln yonder corner a-muttering and a-ensaing awfdL She walked .'right up to him, spoke to him very gentle-like, and took the poker out of » 'and, and when the p'liceman came in, the poor crittuic .was, as qaiet as a lamb. I can tell you the ; bobby looked small. - The narrator laughed as he remembered the discomfiture of the policeman , possibly he had his own reasons for viewing the individual and tiie race with disgust. But Gilbert was not thinking of the speaker ; everything is heard and saw of the meter made him wonder more i and more whether she was'Wi -ordinary specimen of a date which he had never met, or whether die was as distinct from all other members of her profession as ahe was from every, woman he -had -ever known. It was a perfect May day>_ the sun waa as warm and bright as if it were July, only cut in the fields end on . the river-reach es the trees and bushes were full of that sweet promise which July forgets, or only fulfils in part. In East London, only tbe heat of the son and the chill of the wind mark the changes of the season, and St. Nicholas is not Incky enough to be a fashionable hospital patronised by royalty, and gay throughout the year with gifts of flowers. ' It is a lovely day, is it not ?' said the sister as she paused by Gilbert for a few moments ; he was nearly well, and did not need her for longer now. ' It makes one think how lovely the wild hyacinths must be in the country.' It was the first semblance of a per sonal feeling she had ever expressed, and even in that she did not ntter a wkh Gilbert thongbt with a pang bow mnch joy those flowers, which were blooming ronnd his country home, might bring to lives barren of colour and sweetness, and as soon as he was allowed paper and Ink, he wrote home 1 directions which were immediately to be carried ont. When tbe basket arrived, he would not unpack it himBelf, but waiting for a spare moment of the sister's time, told her the contents were for her. He emphasised the prononn, bnt he might have spared himself the trouble, for she made them all — hyacinths, wood anemones, late prim roses, golden cowslips — common property at once. The whole ward was bright and sweet with the woodland spoils, and everyone had a little special nosegay to admire — everyone except the sister. 'Yon have got none, for yourself,' said Gilbert with the privileged petulance of a sick man. ' I want you to have one.' She gratified his whim, and fastened a bunch of flowers in her buttonhole, bnt next time he saw her they were gone. One of the servants had admired the nosegay, and the wearer bad given it away at ones There are natures like that, which cannot have or know any sweet or precious thing without giving it away, careless of what they them selves may lose. The last day of Gilbert's stay came ; most people about him had wondered at the patience with which he had borne his detention, bat be felt himself that the time had been all too short for Mm to learn half the lessons which might have made him a different man. ' And to-morrow yon will be at the sea,' said the sister, smiling kindly at him as he mnrmnred some broken words of thanks. ' Ob,' with a great sigh, 'how I wish they were all going !' It was the only wish he had ever heard her express. Two days later the secretary of St. Nicholas received a large donation to tbe fnnds of the hospital, and a cheque, the proceeds of which were to be employed in sending the inmates of the Mansell Ward to tbe sea- side. So the two lives met, touched, and nut-ted n. August was nearly over — an Augnst which had been the hottest month of a hot summer. London was intolerable, eo all the world agreed, bnt Gilbert was surprised to see how many people were not only enduring but enjoying London. The sun had already set, and in the twilight men and women were lounging in their doorways, or chatting in the streets, whilst energetic children were dancing to tbe strains of a barrel-organ. There waa a faint, half-baked odour from the walls of the houses, varied not agreeably by tbe smell of fried fash. Two small nrchins were revelling in the delights of watching a woman cutting ham at a cook-shop, bnt they were soon aronsed fay Gilbert's enquiry for St. Nicholas. ' I can show it yer,' cried the smallest. 'You mean the orspital ? I've seen ladies holding their Mds in red shirts at the winder.'- He proved a taitbxul guide, and led Gilbert to the iron gates, where a stern porter enquired Mb business as closely as if the wards of St Nicholas were a second Paradise, from which Mr. Drayton had been expelled, and to which he denied re-admittance. Whilst .he was speaking a female figure glided in at the gate. In the dim twi light, with her long cloak and dark veil, the siBter looked almost ghost-like, bnt her voice was as cheerful as of yore 1 ' Mr. Drayton, have you come hack to see us ? That is good of you. Come in with me now.' . Hedid not answer for he conld hot speak.' Quito suddenly at the sound of her voice and the touch of her tuna, bu hie xny8terioaB looging to jgefc back to London, the irresistible Influence which, had led bim on the evening of his arrival to the East End and to St Nicholas; were clear to him. flefollowed her with a dim sense of rebellion against the in justice' which during three months— months when he bad been wearying fori her presence and thinking of bier hourly — -had made her work on unconscious .of his feelings, forgetful of his' very existence. She led inm through the long corridor arid into her little room beside the ward.. Then, when she bed lighted a candle, she, turned and looked at him for -.the first time. Her quick survey told her all she needed to know : he" was well, walked and moved freely, and looked happy and contented. '.Ttit is good,' ahe said, unconscious of ins rebellion againBt the calmness of her look arid words. It is a great comfort to see that you are really . ; well again. Now sit down and tell me. what you are idoing.' ' ' \- He obeyed her ' and spoke ' euuy of those superficial subjects .whicha map cf the world can always discuss without pntting strain on brain or heart, and while he spoke he looked at her with inquiring eyes, wondering whether or not his mind, now that he was strong and healthy again, conld criticise her appearance coolly. She was not beautiful — he resented the fact hotly, or rather he resented tbe world's probable statement of the fact — bnt sorely never before had any face mirrored a soul so perfect and so serene. ' Yon are not changed,' he said abruptly in the midst of an account he was giving of his adventures in Scotland, ' and yet T suppose yon have been wgrking as hard as ever.' ' Oh yes,' she answered, emfilng, quite unconscious of the stab she gave him by her speech ; ' my life has been just the same since yon left as it was when yon were here ; there has been no change.' And my next-door neighbour, he asked, speaking eagerly to cover hie dis appointment, 'is he recovered now ?' 'Ford 1 Ob, I am very glad you re", member him. I wish yon would see him ; he is qaite -wonderful. Mr. Mac kenzie is very prond of Mm, and his case has been in all the papers. We hope to send Mm to the seaside in a month. Oh, by the way,' with a sudden light which made her eyes beautiul, ' they never told me, bnt I could not help guessing that we owe the Mansell convalescent fond to yon. We do, don't we ? Ah, I thought eo ! I wish I conld tell yon how grate ful we are.' He wonld have told her if he dared that every possession he had was hers, and that they were dear to Mm only be cause he conld so lay them at her feet; but such words do not come lightly to the lips of a man nearly forty years of age. Besides if he were to speak thecu, what conld snch speech do bnt startle and pain one whose life was complete without him, and had need neither of his help nor his love ! '.Are yon going f she said, as he arose after a little farther talk, ' then I mil show you the way to the station. I have to leave a parcel at tbe post-office — I forgot to take it with me when I went ont, and that bronght me back qnickly. I am glad I came, or I should have missed yon." They walked side by Bide down the Whitechspel Road, which not even tbe imagination of a lover conld convert in to a paradise. Flaring gas-lamps shining on groups of shabby, tired men and wo men, bnsy about their Saturday night's marketing, cannot compare with the moonlight sleeping on a bank of violets ; and yet by the alchemy of a true love, Gilbert managed to convert these sur roundings into fresh reasons for devotion. Empty, barren, miserable, were many of these lives, bnt how mnch harder wonld the harden have been to some bat for the woman at his side ! May I come back and see yon again ¥ ' Indeed, I shall be very glad. Few of our patients come back twice to see UD- "BUluBj Ul IrUUlBCj UUUUv lilUBk| Blw' one visit; never return.' ' I am sorry to be one of so ungrateful a class.' 'Oli,' she made answer hurriedly, 'yon must riot say that. I cannot bear to hear that word. I have never found such a tiling as ingratitude, but I have, often, very often, been oppressed by a thank fulness I had done nothing to deserve.' Her voice dropped a little; certain tender memories filled her eyes with happy tears; and then Bhe went on in hex usual voice: ' Besides, you must remember that' life is very busy for most of our patients, and old snffering and old memories get pushed on one Bide by the pressing needs of every day, and it is jnst as welL A fresh generation or sick people is always entering cat walls — imagine whata crowd we should have if, added to these, we had all onr old patients coming to see nsT Does that mean that I most not comet' he asked, half-smiling — but only halfj for Mb heart was profoundly sad. - ' Nothing of the kind you are more than a patient. I can never forget,' tor one moment her voice thrilled him . with' a wild sense of joy, as he imagined which of the many happy hours, sacred to Mm, she would recall ; ' I can never forget how much some ot them owe to you. If his castle fell with a sudden crash, it did not burr -his dearest hopes in - tbe ruins ; he had never fancied that she- loved him, hut had ouly rejoiced in lov ing her — for long unconsciously. Oh yes; you must come back soon ; there are very many who will be glad to see you, for you are an object of interest even to those who did not know yon. The history of your accident and stay with us has become a tradition.' 'I shall come' back again' he said, trying to speak lightly,'' if only to show yon that eoine of your .patients can never forget yon. Axe you going into this post- office ? May I wait and see yon home . afterwards ? It is very nearly dark'. . She shook -her head and laughed. - ' If it were quite dark there would be no occassion for yoa to take the trouble. People about here are very good-natured; Why, last winter, the cabman driving me home late one foggy night lost, his- way ; I am afraid he was uotqulte sober,' so as I was a little nervous, . I put my head-out of the window, and asked ' .man 'standing near, if he knew the way' to St Nicholas. . Do ybu know that the manledthe cabdiorseallthe waytothe' hospital-gates, and never "waited even to, be, thanked? His little girl had been in the children's ward, he told me, arid that was the reason why he saw me safe home. Yon must not— indeed, you - must not think that my patients are. ungrateful. J suppose here,- as in all porta of the world, one might find eome few who remembered only the nnkindriess end forgtt the acts ofkindness shown them ; but here, as else where, it wonld be the few and not the many who did eo.' She pansed a little, .surprised at her own eloquence ;. the words had harried to. her lips almost in her own despite, and when she spoke again ic. was in, a different tone and with an rinaltered manner: ' There, I must leave you. r Thank you for coming back , to see us. I do not know aoything pleasanter than' to see those who have been ill and helplees, walking about easily, erect, arid happy.' Gilbert did not protest that a man may be nearer happiness when he is a crippled, bedridden invalid, than when he stands strong and npright,.bnt alone. He only bade her good-bye, for al though he -was learning to understand her language, he knew that she had no key by which to interpret his. in. \- As may be guessed, Gilbert did not stay long in London after his pilgrimage to the East, and he harried away npon a ronnd of visits, and fonndeachhoosemore wearisome than the last, each circle of acquaintances, more disappointingly shallow., ' Yon look bored, Mr. DraytoD,' said an old friend to him one evening, ' and it ie not poiiteof yon to show yonr feelings bo plainly.' lam frying to cultivate a rustic savagery. I feel as if a little honest dis play of some real feeling, no matter what; would do everyone here good.'- ' Suppose yon choose eome other feel ing fordiBplay then,' she answered quickJy." Love, hate, abger, and jealousy are each and all more interesting than ennui' 'Each of those feelings is already appropriated by eome actor who mimics the reality more or iessclosely. What I want to reach is not the imitation of feel ing, bat the reality.' And by what right, she said, closing her fen, and looking at him with a pair of intent, dark eyes, 1 do yon conclude that all feeling is absent from people, who, for a few, hoars every day, agree to avoid dis plays of -emotion ? I am afraid you are a shallow observer, after all, Mr. Drayton, if you do not understand the depths of suffering and joj concealed under a calm even a frivolous exterior.' ' I dare say you are right,' he replied with unwonted meekness. ' Bnt I was thinking of a life — or lives where there are no concealments and no pretences.' He could not rest nntii be was hack again in that purer air, ;and one day in November found Mm again at the hos pital- gate demanding admission. ' This time no silent, veiled figure glided through the twilight at his side; on the contrary he had to make bis way alone through the gas-lit passages, and up stone stepri to the ward. When became to the door he paused, hie heart beating fast as it had not done lot yeaxs und he emiled of. Mi nan orr.ifpmnnt as those Dsst youth are apt to do whilst - they watch -and analyse their own feelings. He did not wait long before opening the door, and then he stood watcbing the familiar beds, and long tables decorated with large hnnchea of chrysanthemums— his gardener had orders to keep the ward supplied with flowers — and the staff of of nurses moving quietly about their woik. : There was no need for Mm to look closely, he knew by instinct, or by observation so quick as to seem intuition, that the sister was not one of them, bnt before he conld turn to the door of the sister's room, a sudden, sharp voice , startled Mm. ' What are you doing here T exclaimed a short, bnstliQg little woman in a Bister's aress, wuu n&u; uwuuucu w. — - — and asked her question without giving Gilbert time to become aware , of her entry. ' Yon have no business here, and memt go away again.' 'I beg yonr pardon, but' I came here to sep Sister Mansell.' = .'l am Sister Mansell,' said the lady severely, with . faec - heart, however, softened fay jGilbert'e manner and cour teous tones, .'.and I don't know you. Gilbert'e sense ofthe ridiculous per- vented him from expressing the most conventional regret at the loss- he had sustained from the fact, and he limited - himself to explaining ; the reason of his coming, and. the object ofifats search. Even whilst he spoke he-realised with a sudden heart-sickness how much might happen in three 'months, and how even perfect health might not protect its pos sessor against the /fatigues and dangers ofhoapital-nutelng. Sister Mansell 1 Ob, she is moved. She is down in the children's ward. Go along the corridor, down two flights of stairs, And then ask your Way.' The gas was 'lighted in the children's ward, and the eister wae superintending the children's tea. Some of titem were in ; nuaarni 'fiDjoyutfluh suuio w hubhi eager < anticipation of; their ' bread-and- butter. Some few. were lying still in that patient ailenoe which goes deeper, to the watcher's heart than any rnoan of pain. r Mr. -Drayton, I am1 glad to aeeyoo.' She- pat down, the little convalescent she had in her arms, and held out her hand ; the child clung shyly to the skirts of her gown as if unwilling to let hergo. ' How goeditils of yOu to come and see us all 1 Popsy -mnst be a good girl;' ahB went on: to the little child ob ahe eat. her in a high rWir at the table,"" and" nurse mil give her home teal Now, Mr. Drayton, ' will you come into, my.' room for a little ; I have a few nuriutea to spare.'- -They were alone together- for eome moments -'before either spoke." 'Free as the' Bister- was ' from . all trace of self-con- sdpnsness,' the silence embarrassed her a little, and 'ehe began to apeak quickly. ' You we, I have moved toy quartets, aod you are the first of my old patients to fisd me ont I like this ward best of all, and it was quite a surprise to me when I was allowed, to come back to it.' Still he said nothing. A faint suspi cion, which the woman wonld not admit, forced its way into her mind as she looked at him, and saw his eyes earnest and resolute as her own. ' Did yoU have any difficulty in finding tbe ward ?' she asked, in order to say something, and to force him to answer her. ' Yes, I have come back,' he replied, with ail the longing of the past months lending tenderness to his tones, hoarse with emotion. '.I have come back to you because I cannot stay away.' She pat np her hand suddenly. ' I hear someone calling me ; I must go.' Then ehe paused, her hand upon the door, and recovered her usual composure, her training helping her to enbdue all signs of emotion. ' Perhaps yon wonld like to come ronnd the ward with me.' . If she had hoped to check Mb feelings for her by showing him how completely she was a nurse, and nothing more — and some such idea was in her mind — ehe failed as utterly as she deserved to da For a man who loved .her conid have found no more exqaisite pleasure than he enjoyed in seeing the smiling feces happier, and tbe little sad drawn ones lose their look of pain as ehe stopped by each bedside to emooth the children's hair and tell him some little story abont the occnpant. By one bed a policeman was sitting. That is an accident,' ahe whispered. ' The father has been here some time,' ; She went up to the cot. The man rose respectfully, and saluted. It would have needed a heart of etoue not to be touched by tbe pathos of his stiff, mili tary movement, contrasted with the qnivering Hps which could not form the question he strove to ntter. Gilbert turned away his head, but the sieter spoke with. tones even more gentle than usual. 'See how well he is sleeping! He does not suffer now.' The father tried to thank her, bnt still the words wonld not come ; only he looked at her, and, meeting that look, with its depth of anguish and gratitude, the sister could hardly force herself to give the smile of encouragement which was sometimes the hardest part of her duty. ' Will he get well F asked Gilbert, as soon as they were alone again, and he had overcome his own inability to speak. The sister shook her head. 1 We mast always hope whilet there is life ; children rally "wonderfully, and if we gave way we conld not do our work.' ' It most be very hard for yon some times to see them die.' 'Oh uo,' she made answer simply. ' The bard thing sometimes Is to see them lire. I don't mean in a case like this, bat where the children's parents, are little better than thieves, or . are even worse, yon cannot tell how gladly one sees the little innocent ones shot their eyes upon & world which seems for them hopelessly fall of Bin.' ' Bat when yon love them it mast be very -bard to pert with them.' ' We have not much time for loving people here,' she made answer with a smile ; ' we have to much too do for . them.' She spoke tbe word simply, and with out apparent intention ; but when he looked at her, he could see her cheeks had grown a little paler, and her eyes had dropped upon the ground. But sometimes,' he answered very slowly, and in broken toBes, ' the best thing .you can do for them is to love them.' She did not contradict him. She sat very still, and gave no sign either of assent or disagreement. Agatha, he went on in feverish haste, while even in her own pain she wondered how he had found ont her name, 1 yon know why I have come back to you; Are you going to Bead me away again ?' He stretched out his arms appeaiingly across the little table that divided them, careless that as he did so he. upset alittie basket of bandages, which rolled hither and thither across the floor. At the noise she looked -np, and her eyes were wet with tears. < I am afraid I must,' she answered. AX ner woruH uw uwu icn lumaiu npon his arms, and they sat silent to gether for some time, his face' hidden, whilet tbe tears -were rolling down her cheeks. Suddenly, with "an effort, she' set herself to collect the Tolls of bandages,' and to put them back neatly in their place.- The occupation and "movement gave her self-control, and touching him' lightly npon the arm, she said, much as : she had spoken to him In former days, when he was unreasonable and fretful- . fmni rutin lain deeply sorry to have grieved youi I never meant to do it.- I -am afraid I am selfish and self-absorbed, one is apt to grow eo here ; but you must' try and forgive me for the harm .T -have done you.' Then, ss he did not answer, she -went on : 'I hope you will aoon forget it To people of onr: age,' and she smiled a little, 'life has so many other Interests than are involved in — lova' : ' The last' word came out', nnwillirigly.. At the sound of it he looked up, hiB face' pale and his brows drawn -together, j « I should have end. that myself a'few months ago,' he answered' in a voice destitute of tone and emotion. ' And if ifwere only love, I ehonld get over' it- thie time, I suppo9e, aa men have done; before ; but I want yon, Agatha, hot only because I love -yon, bnt because your life Tnightmakeuflhebetter.' Something - in his speech hurt her. She did not stop to think what it was that pained .her, for she would have been unwilling to acknowledge the. truth, and yel; woman like, ehe was wounded at the idea that he could 'get over' bis love for her, or, perhaps, rather that he should speak as one who had already laid aside other and earlier loves. ' Oh, don't say that !' She answered hurriedly. 1 So many people speak as if our life here was an ideal oue; free from all petty meannesses, and all small in terests. Here, as everywhere we give way to our worst feelings sometimes; here, ae every where, there are temptations whidi it is difficult to resist The life is no nobler with ns than it is outside.' ' I was not thinking of the life,' he -an swered, bnt of what you make of it, and how- much yon might do with mine. Still, '-in a firmer tone, ' if it is not to be; do not let yonr last memory of me be a painful one. Agatha,' taking both her handB, I owe you more than I can ever tell you, or ever hope to pay. Look at me once, dear, and tell me that you will never think I regret what has happened. I shall try and be worthy of having loved yon.' It was her tears only which fell when he stopped and kissed the hands that lay in his, and they fell still when he .had left her alone. IV. No one observed any change in the eister for two or three days after Gilbert's visit,- but abont the end of the week the matron noticed how pale and worn out she- looked. 'I thiuk I should like to go away for a little change,' Agatha said, on being questioned. ' I feel overworked.' It was the first time ehe had ever uttered such a confession, and it startled those who heard it, for it was spoken with a tremulous lip and moistened eye. ' Yon mast go down to the country ; rest and quiet will Boon pnt you right again.' All Agatha had wished for was time tp think, but when she fonnd herself back in the 'country village where ehe had been born, .the November days, short as they were, were all to long for her. She paced up and down the little garden of the house where she was lodging, going over the paBt again and .again, and always with the same feeling :of doubt, which grew into despair. Had she wronged the man who loved her ? Could she have done anything bat send him back without the gift he craved, when he de manded it so suddenly and so unexpec tedly? She asked herself these questions so often, that it was inevitable that she should answer them in different ways ac cording to her mood. At last her strong common-sense came to her aid ; she paused in her restless paring to and fro. ' It is all over now ; I can do nothing in Ahe matter, and I will not think of it again,' so she summed up her conclusion. Fonr hours later she was back at her post, and no one had occasion to remark upon any change in her appearance. The work quieted her, bnt it cost her an effort she had never known before. She blamed herself for neglecting her duties, and spurred herself on to farther exer tions; only to find the strain heavier, and herself less able to endure it At last, greatly to her own surprise, she sat down in her room, laid her head npon the table where Gilbert had hidden his face, and fainted qnietly away." She was very apologetic for her condnct when she recovered conscious ness, bnt she was unable to combat the derision that she must take a long rest, even thongh she foresaw the mental conflict which lay before her in the long idle "faorirs of convalescence. '' I should not like to die before I have seen him again,' she ' thought to herself in the first dreamy days of en forced qaiet; bnt another and nobler motive woke into life with her returning strength : ' I mast try and live so as to be worthy of his high thongbt of me.' Gilbert, meanwhile, was fighting his own battle far away from her, and was by no means as victorious as he fancied himBelf Often he imagined that he had trampled out memories, which, mocked him by iisiog again with renewed life ; but the memories he longed to destroy were the memories of certain hopes he had cherished, and were not any remini scences of the woman he had loved. JjYoiy WOrQ BOB U&Q; opUEcU) BlUUp he had caught, every look of approval, were Bacred; to her he owed every higher ' aspiration of his life, and he looked' hack upon the time they had passed together ae the holiest season he ' had ever spent — as the period of self- dedication which ehonld later on bear fruit But he would never again tronble her calm .by any word or look of his ; there, was no work he undertook, no help he gave, without some reference in his -mind to her who had touched his spirit fe finer Issues. Yet he was resolved that he wonld not torn his footsteps to St. Nicholas hntil be could Bay to her : 'See, the pain Is over; but . the joy. of haying once loved yon will remain with, me always.' : It ' Was summer again, grey, cloudy Jane, with little brightness or gladness in its leaden skies and cold winds ; inside the" children's ward, "however, there was warmth and . comfort — it was three o'clock, end the fittle ones were taking "their afternoon sleep, whilst one of the nurses Jgs. busy with her needle work.. There waB.'a murmur of voices from the sisters room, although the closed door shut in the sound of distinct words. " The sister had visitors — a man and his wife, '.the man being none other . than -the .John Ford" who.'had laid so laug : motionless in the -had next; Gil bert's. - - 1 