BROTHER GAHDNER ON DREAMa. . " ? 0,r ' S ein 'leo, I bad a few remarks to silt off some twoy'ara ago on the snbjick ol dreams, an' I desiah to express a i-.w mo', f am gibtn to nnderstan' dat some of onr noas' prominent members believe in dreams ao* shape their course accor-lia'. Iz- an oh! man, and ize had abonr. a miliyun dreim-- s-nce I began bizness. Die's suntbin' in 'em, bat not much. " To dream that you ia crossin' a mundy stream to steal turnips sigoifi-s dat you had better go to work an' aim Home taters. "To dream that you are trabhlin"Iong a dusty highway, an' I00W for a lost pocketbook wid 50 dols in it, signifies dat you am much mo' sartin to be trow d (.nt»r de housfor non-payment of rent dan you am to p;cl, up a single nickvl. " To dream that you are riain' a white hoBS past a red ba'n, and dat a gray-haired nan comes out and pints a plue embrella at you signifies datde flour bar l am empty, an' dat you had better hunt fur work. " To dream dat you S3t on de fence an' saw a funeral purueshun go past, acd dat de man who drives de hearse has a glass eye signifies that you owe de grocer 3 dol. 75 cents, an' have been dodgin him fnr de las' three months. "To dream of Beein'a woman walkin' ober a creek on a suspension bridge signifies dat your ole woman can't go to church for de want of shoes. *' D»r am lots of udder dreams dat means lota of udder fings, but dese am fa'r samples of de lot. If dar am anybody in dis hall idiot naff to believe dat he kin lay on his back on an ole straw bed an' groan an' grant an' dream six weeks into tbe fucber, now am de time fur him to pik up hia hat aud bid us good-by ! An' one fing mo'; I nnderstan' that; sartin members of dis club am in de habit cf seeing ghosts. I doan' Bpecify any names, but I wish to say to tile whole convenshuo lat de werry fust of you who eecs a ghost or 'Jtcbes eight of a spook will bo cantered uter dis ciub so fast dat de tracks left £hind you on de era's will be smokin' hor We Will now pick np de reg'lar prngrammy th» eveniu' nn' rash fairness'."—Octroi' Free Press. Gii-e the s'ratrherry nlenty cf water ^.iicn on large scile for ma ket, the m ait or irrigation shoul-i be provide! ro that "Iter might he pivo whenever needed. 