A.DA LEICESTER. CIIAP'TER XXX1S.-TIE TWO WIvIrNESS;s. I wiL not give Julia's entire evidence as she uttered it, in detail, because most of my readers know already the events which she had to relate; I have attempted no melodriamatic effect by an effort at mystery. The truth which that court could not know is already made manifest to those who have followed up to this point. When qulestioned if she had known the deceased, Julia answered that dle had seen him three times in her life. Once upon a wharf near tile battery, where she had wandered with flowers and fruit which she wished to sell. He then purchased a few of her flowers, and presented them to a lady who had left a southern vessel with him as few minutes before. She described how he had driven away, with the lady by his side, and said at thnt time she never expected to see him iagain. "But you did see him again," said the examining counsel. " Tell us where and how 2 " " It was in October, the evening before lie -before he died. I was going up town with some flowers which ia lady had ordered for ,a ball she gave that night. It was rather late when I started from Dunlap's, and I iwalked fast, fearing to lose my way after dark. This man saw me as I was passing ia house with a Ilower-garden in front, and i pretty fountain throwing up water among tihe dahlias and chrysanthemums; I was out of breath, and walked it little slower just then, for the water-drops, as they fell, were like music, and everything around was ;so lovely that I could not find in my heart to walk fast. I did not stop; but -Mr. Leicester saw mo, and wanted me to sell my flowers. 1 told him no; but lie rwld have them, and almost pushed ase, basket Saud all, through the gate into the house." " Well, what passed in the house?" " lie took mue upstairs into ua chamber, anud there 1 saw the same lady tlhat was with him on the wharf, alone, and dressing herself in some beautifal clothes that lay :about. Sho asked meo to help her, and I did. She took solie of my flowers for her hair and her dress. :L was in a great hurry, anild wished to go, but she begged me to stay a few minutes longer, and I could not refuse. After. she was dressed we went downstairs, and this lady was miarried to Mr. Leicester in a room below. The wedding seemed like la funeral; the lady cried all the time, and so did I. . a:a:" When it was all over they let me go, I.. ia I s carried the rest of the flowers to the .-lady who hald ordered tlheaw. It was getting Slite ,whoen I went back. I lost my way ; as gentleman stood looking into as window at the 'corner of some street; I asked him to tell me the way home without looking in h:is face Ioe turned; it was Mr. Leicester. lieso wsould go home with me; I did not like it, and would rather have been lost in the streets all night; but ill that I could say against it did no good. lie followed me home, down tlhe basement steps, and to the door of grandfather's room; and, while grandfather was kindling a match Mir. Leicester went away. I do not know how, but when the candle was lighted I looked round for him and lie was gone ! " "Did you tell your graudfather that he had followed you ? " " Yes, I always tell grandfather every thing." " So you told him this man had followed you home against your will ? " "Yes, I told him." ; ".Was he anugry ? " " My grandfsthler never is angry I" " But what did he say? " " Nothing particular. He kept his arm around me as good while, I remember, as I was warming myself, and seemed to feel sorrowful about something. IHe asked several questions about the man, how hlie looked, and what he said." " And was that all he said or did ? " " No. lie prayed for me that night before we went to bed, more earnestly than I had ever heard him before. I remember he asked God to protect me from harm, and said that he was old, so old that lhe was of no use, and well stricken in years. It was not the first time I had heard him say this; but that night 1 remember well, fdr it made me cry." " \Yheo was the next time you saw Mir. Loicester? " Julia grow pale as she replied to the question, and her voice became so faint that she could scarcely be heard. "I saw him the next morning I " "At what hour ? " '.'I do not know exactly; but we had just done breakfast whren lie came into the -basement where we lived, and attempted to speak with my grandfather." "Did your grandfather lknow him ? Did he call Mr. Leicester by name ?" " He did not call him by name ; but I think they must have known each other." " Why do you think so ? " ".Because grandfather turned so pale, and looked so dreadfully; I never saw him loolk so before." "Well, wha~t passed, after he came in ?" "I don't lnow ; lhe sent us both out of the room, grandma and me." " Where did you go 2?" "Iuto the entry; we had no other place." "Did you hear anythinsg aflter? " " Yes, the sound of voices, but no words; thon Mr.Leicester rushed through the door, and out to the area; we thought he was gone, but in a minute ho came back, and went into the basement again ; we heard no words after that, but a healcvy fill. Weo went in ; 3ir. Leicester lay on the floor; grand pa wsas close by; there was blood about; but I do not know anything else ; my head grow dizzy; I remember clinging to graud. motlher that I might not fall." " And this is all you kInow ?" "Yes, it is all." IIt is impossible to describe tile effect this young girl's evidence produced upon tie court. She did not weep or blush, as most girls of hlier ago might have done. The feel inhs thast gaive her voice those tones of thrilling sadness, the subdued pain sovisible inl hlier sweet counstoalnce, swere a11 too strong and deep for these more common snanifesta tions. You saw tlhat this yoaung creature wvas performing a soloemUI duty, swhen alo stoiod upl tlhere to testify against thie being s-whom eho loved better thau anyone upon earths- thsat the single hour 'which she occu IPied upon the stand would leave behind it such memories as weigh upon the heart for ever. Julia descended from the gaze of that crowd, older at heart by ten years than or dinary events would have left her. Great sutffering brings painful precocity with it. It takes but a few moments to harden iron into steel ; but the fire is hot and the blows are hard which accomplish the transforma tion. The defence refused all cross- examination, and Julia was told that she might leave the stand. As the permisesion was given, she lifted her heavy eyes, and turned them once more upon her grandfather. Oh, what a world of anguish lay in that look I The old man answered it with another smile. She saw it but dimly, for her eyes were filling with tears, but its sad sweetness made her faint. She tottered back to the seat by her grandmother, leaned her head against the wall, and, without a sigh or a motion, she became as insensible as the wall itself. It was strange, but the evidence of this young girl, strongly as it bore against the prisoner in fact, created a feeling in his favour with the jury, and disposed the crowd to more charitable thoughts of the old man who could make himself so beloved by a creature like that. As for Mrs. Gray, she absolutely sobbed till the chair shook utnder her all the time that Julia was speaking. But the grandmother sat motionless, only turning her eyes slowly from her husband to the jury. and from them to the judges, striving, poor creature, to gather some ray of hope from their faces. It. was a strong proof of the influence the truthfulness of this young creature had on the court, that therewas a good deal of legal informality permitted in the examination. She had been allowed to tell her story after her own gentle fashion, without undue in terference from the lawyers; and for a little time after she left the stand, there was pro found silence in the crowd, as if no one could break--even by a whisper- the im pressions which her evidence had loft. This silence was broken by the prisoner, who arose all at once, and attempted to move toward his granddaughter. While aill others were absorbed, he had seen her head droop against the wall, the heavy lids settle like snow-flakes over her eyes, and the color quenched around her month. The sight was too much for him, and he started up as I have described, but only to feel the ollicer's grip upon his arm. " See, see, you have killed her," said the old man, pointing with his linger to the insensible girl. "Let mie go to her, I say -one minute-only a minute! No one el:e can bring her to life I" T'le oflicer attempted to resist the old " Sit down-sit down," he said; "it disturbs the court. She shall have care; only be quiet." The prisoner resisted this friendly violence, and struggltd against the man with all his feeble strength. " She is dead ; I tell you it has killed her, poor thing I Poor darling, she is dead I" he repeated, anti tears rolled heavily down his face. " Will no one see if she is quite, quito gone ?" As if in answer to this pathetic cry for aid, a young man forced his way up from a corner of tile room where he had stood all day regarding every stage of the trial with the keenest interest, and, taking Julia in his arms, carried her to an open window. " Give me water," sie said to the officer; " there is some before the judge ;" then, turning toward Mrs. Gray who, occupied by the prisoner, had been quite insensible to Julia's situation, he said abruptly, " Have you no hartshorn ?-nothing about you, aunt, that will be of use ? " "Dear me, yes," answered the good lady, producing a vial of camphor from the depths of hier pocket; "I thought something of the kind might happen ; here is the water, too; there, her eyelids begin to move." " She is better-she will soon be well," said Robert Otis, turning his faco toward the prisoner who stood up in the midst of the court, looking after his grandchild, with eyes that might have touched a heart of stone. " Thank you, thank you I" said the old man ; and without another word he sat down, covered his face with both hands, and wept like a child. After ia little Julia wias led back to her scat and Rlobert Otis withdrew into the crowd again. Another witness was exam ined and dismissed. Then there came a pause in the proceedings. The witnesses' stand was for a time unoccupied. The dis trict attorney sat restlessly on his chair, casting anxious glances toward the door, as if waiting for some person important to his cause. The judge was just bending forward to desire the proceedings to go on, when a slight bustle near the door caused a move ment through tlhe whole crowd. Those persons near the entrance were pressed back against their neighbors, by two officers in authority, who thus made a lane up to the witnesses' stand, through which a lady passed with rapid footsteps and evidently much excited by the position in which she found herself. A whisper of surprise, not unmingled with admiration, ran through the crowd, as this lady took her place upon the stand. She hesitated an instant; then with a graceful motion, swept the veil of heavy lace back upon her bonnet, sand turned toward the judge. The face thus exposed had some thing far more striking in it than beauty. it was a haughty face full of determination and with a calmness upon the features that was too rigid not to have been forced. t Notwithstanding this, you could see that the woman trembled in every limb, as she bared her features to the crowd. SIt was not the bashful tremor which might have brought crimson to tlhe brow of any female, while so many eyes were bent upon her, but a strong nervous excitement which lifted her above all those considera tions. The contrast of a black volvet dress flowing to her feet, and fitted tight at the thlroat, might have added somewhat to the effect produced by a face at once so stern andsobeautiful. Certain it is that a thrill of that respect which strong feeling always carries with it passed through the crowd; and though she was strikingly lovely,people -forrol that in sympathy for the emotions thait she suppressed with such fortitude. The rapidity with which shle had entered the court, and the position whichl she took on the stand, prevented a full view of her face to Mrs.W\\\arren and Julia; but, as she turned slowly toward them in throwing back her veil, the effect upon these two persons was startling enough. The old woman half rose from her chair; her lips moved, as if a smothered cry had died upon them, and she sat down again, grasping a fold of Mrs. Gray's gown in her hands. It was the face she had seen in the carriage that morning. Julia also recognised the lady with a start. It was the woman who had pur chased flowers of her so often; who had been so invariably kind; and whose fate had been strongly blended with her own, since the first day when she had purchased violets from her flower-basket. There was something startling to the young girl in this sudden apparition of a person who had been to her almost like fate itself. At that solemn moment she drew her breath heavily, and listened with pain ful attention for the first words that might fall upon the court. Mrs. Gray also was filled with astonishment; for she saw her own brother, Jacob Strong, enter the court, walking close behind the lady, until she mounted the stand, with the air and manner of an attendant. When the lady took her position hae drew back toward the door, and stood motionless, gazing anxiously upon her face, without turning his eyes aside even for an instant. It was in vain Mrs. Gray motioned With her hand that he should approach her; all his senses seemed swallowed up by keen interest in the lady. He had no existence, for the time, but in her. Of all the persons in the court-room there was not one who did not exhibit some un usual interest in the woman placed so unex pectedly upon the winesses' stand except the prisoner himself. He had been, during some moments, sitting with his forehead bent upon his clasped hands, lost in thought, or, it might be, in silent prayer to the God who had, as it seemed, almost abandoned him. He did not look up when the lady entered ; and not till the examination had proceeded to considerable length was lie aware of her presence. It was worthy of remark that the prose cuting attorney address this witness with a degree of respect which lie had extended to no other person. His voice, hitherto so sharp and biting, took a subdued tone. His manner became deferential ; and the open ing questions, in which lie was usuidly abrupt, almost to rudeness, were now rather insinuated than demanded. He waived the usual preliminaries regarding the age and name of the witness. and even apologised for the necessity which had compelled him to bring her before the court. The lady listened to all this with a little impatience ; she was evidently in no state of mind for commonplace gallantries, and seemed relieved when he commenced those direct questions which were to place her evidence before the court. " Mrs. Gordon, that is your name, I believe? " The lady bent her head. "Did you know Mr. William Leicester, when he was living ? " A faint tremor passed over the lady's lips, but shte answered clearly, though in a very subdued voice " Yes, I knew him I" " He visited at your house, sometimes ?" " Yes I " " When did you see him last ? " " On the - " Her voice became almost inaudible as she uttered the date; but the lawyer had keen ears, and forbore to ask a repetition.of the words, for her face changed suddenly, and it seemed with a violent effort that she was able to go on. " At what hour did he leave your house ?" " I do not know the exact hour I" " Was it late ?" " Yes; I gave a ball that night, and my guests generally remained late." " Did you observe anything peculiar in his manner that night ? Did he act like a man that was likely to commit suicide in the morning ?" It was half a minute before the lady gave any reply to this question ; then she spoke with an effort, as if some nervous affection were almost choking her. "I cannot judge-I do not know. It is a strange question to ask me." "I regret its necessity I" said the at torney, with a deferential bend of the head; " our object is," he added, addressing the judge, "to show by this witness how the deceased was occupied during the night before his murder. I believe it is the intention of the defence to claim that William Leicester killed himself; that it was a case of suicide instead of the foul murder we will prove it to have been. I wish to show by this lady that he was a guest in her mansion up to a late hour; that he joined in the festivities of a ball and was among the most cheerful revellers present. I must repeat the question, madam-did you remark anything singular in his manner-anything to distinguish him from other guests ?" The lady parted her lips, struggled, and answered "No, I saw nothing," She lifted her eyes after this, as if impelled by some magnetic power, and met those of the tall, gaunt man who had followed her into court. His look of sorrowful reproach seemed to sting her and she spoke again, louder and more resolutely. "There was nothing in the words or acts of William Leicester that night which warranted an idea of suicide nothing I" A faint sound, not quite a groan, but deeper than a sigh, broke from Jacob Strong, and he shrunk back into the crowd with his head drooping, like some animal stricken with an arrow and anxious to hide the wound. That moment, as if actuated by one of those impulses that seem like the strides of fate toward an object, the district attorneoy said, as it seemed in the very wantonness of his professional priviloge "Look at the prisoner, madam. Did you ever see him before ?" The lady turned partly round and looked toward the prisoner's seat. The old man had his head bowed, for the sight of his inscensible grandchild had left him strength less, and she could only distinguish the soft wave of grey hairs around his temples and the stoop of a figure venerable from age. " Stand up," commanded the judge, addressing the old man; " stand up, that the witness may look upon your fice ! " The old man arose and stood upright. His eyes were lifted slowly and met those of the woman, which were filled with cold abhorrence of the being she was forced to look upon. I cannot describh those two faces, as their eyes were rivetted upon each other; both were instantly pale as death. After a moment, in which something of doubt mingled with its corpse- like pallor, that of the woman took an expression of almost terrible affright. Her pale lips quivered; her eyes distended with wild brilliancy. She lifted one hand, that shook like an aspen, and swept it across her eyes, once, twice, as if to clear their vision. She did not attempt to speak ; the sight of that old man chilled her through and through, She seemed freezing into marble. The change that came upon the prisoner was not less remarkable. At first there settled upon his face a look of the most painful astonishment. It deepened, changed, and, as snow becomes luminous when the sunshine strikes it, the very pallor of his features brightened. Affection, tenderness, the most thrilling gratitude, beamed through their whiteness; and while her gaze was fascinated by his le stretched forth his arms. This scene was so strange, the agitation of these persons so unaccountable, that it held the whole court breathless. You might have heard an insect stir in any part of that vast room. It seemed with every breath as if some cry must burst from the old man-as if the lady would sink to the earth, dead, so terrible was her agitation. But the prisoner only stretched forth his arms, and it seemed as if this slight motion restored the lady to herself. Her face hardened; she turned away, with drawing her gaze slowly, as if the effort cost her a mortal pang. Then she answered " No, I do not recognise him 1" Her lips were like marble, and her voice so husky that it made the hearers shrink, but every word was clearly enunciated. The old man fell back to his seat; his arms dropped heavily down; he, too, seemed frozen into stone. For a moment, the witness stood mute and still; then she started all at once, turned, and descended into the crowd. Mrs. Warren, whom no one had observed during this scene, arose from her seat, as the lady passed and followed her. The crowd closed around them, but the old woman struggled through, and laid a trembling grasp upon the velvet dress that floated before her like the waves of a pall. The lady turned her white face sharply round, and it came close to that of the old woman. A convulsion stirred her features ; she lifted her arm, as if to fling it around that frail form, then dashed it down, tear ing her dress from that feeble grasp, and walked steadily out of the court. CIIHAPTER XXXV.-THIE VERDICT. TunER had been a severe change in the weather since morning. The pure frosty air that invigorated everything it touched, hardening, towards night, into one of those cold storms-half snow, half ice-that chill you to the vitals. A coating of this sleety snow lay upon the Park, icing the trees with crystal, and bending every twig as with fruitage of pearls. The stone pavement and the City Hall stops were carpeted an inch deep by the storm; the hail crackled sharply under foot if one attempted to pass over them. In short, it was one of those nights when everything living s'eeks a shelter, and no human being is seen abroad, save those given up to wild desolation either of body or mind. Miserable and stormy as the night was, two persons had been wandering in it for hours, sometimes lost in the blackness of the storm, sometimes gliding by lamps that seemed struggling to keep themselves alive -and again stealing up the curving stair case within the City Hall, ghost-like and shadowy, only to come forth in the tempest and wander as before. In the darkness it would have been diffi cult to judge of the sex or condition of those persons. Both were muffled in garments black as the clouds that hung over them. Both were tall, and sometimes, as they walked, the outlines of their persons blended together till they seemed scarcely more than a mass of moving darkness. It was re markable that, standing or walking, they never lost sight of a range of windows in the City Hall, where lamps shone gloomily into the mist, not wandering about as lamps of a happy household often do, but motionless, like watchfires, half smothered by the dense atmosphere. Once more these two persons ascended the steps and entered the. vestibule, from which the horse-shoe staircase diverges. A shower of sleet followed them, and the wind swept wailing over their heads as they went in. A lamp burned near the staircase, and for a moment the faces of those two wanderers became visible. The one that struck you first was that of a female. Tresses, that had of late been curled, hung in dripping masses down each side of her face, that was not only as white, but seemed cold also, as marble. A pair of wild eyes, really blue, but blackened with the smothered fire that protracted suspense leaves behind it, gleamed out from the shadow of her bonnet, around which the folds of a heavy lace veil dripped in soddened masses to her shoulders. The velvet cloak which shrouded her was heavy with rain; its lustre all gone; and its rich fringes, frozen together with sleet, rattled against the balustrades, as she pressed them in passing. Her companion, but oven as we attempt to describe him, the woman turns, with her hand upon the balustrade, and addresses him, thus giving his identity better than any description could convey. "What was that, Jacob? A noise-the stirring of feet1 Oh, my God-my God they are coming in I " She caught hold of Jacob's rough over coat with one hand. The gleam of her teeth, as they knocked together, made the strong man recoil. It gave an expression of fearful agony to her face. Ho listened." "No, it is the wind breaking through the hall." "Iow it sobs I How like a human voice it is ? Do you hear it ? Death I-death I that is what it says I " "You shudder-you are cold. How your teeth chatter! " said Jacob, foldhing the half-frozen cloak about her. " What can I do ? If you would only go home, I will come the first minute after the verdict. Do -do go! " "Hush!--it is there again. Are the winds human that thely mourn so ? " "It is a fierce storm-nothing more," said Jacob. A woman came down the steps that moment?. he had no "c?o.k on; ? thin shawl hung in limp folds over her shoulders. An old black hood lay back from her face, revealing features large and stern, but, for the hinstant, softened with sorrow. She came from the vestibule overhead. In that direction lay the court-room. Ada saw the woman, and, holding out both her hands, shivering and purple with cold, advanced to meet her. These two females had seen each other but once in the world. One was. from a prison, the other from a palatial home; yet they stood face to face, on equal terms, now. I am wrong-the woman of the prison looked down with something of stern rebuke upon the lady. She said in her heart, " The blood of this old man be upon her head I Did she not deny me the gold which might save him? " But, when she looked upon that face, her resentment gave way. She paused on the steps, in stead of pushing roughly by, and said, in a tone that sounded peculiarly gentle from its contrast with her appearance and bear ing " This is a bitter night, madam." "Tell me-tell me," gasped Ada, seizing the woman's shawl, and raising her hand toward the court- room, "have they-have they-" " Poor thing so you repent at last," answered the woman, comprehending her gesture with that quick magnetism which is the lightning of some hearts. " No, they have not come in ; but it is of no use wait ing-the poor old man is as good as hung, depend on it." Ada uttered a faint cry-very faint, but it seemed to her that it sounded through the whole building, ringing above the storm, like a yell. She dropped the woman's shawl, and stood motionless, looking help lessly in her face. "You had better take the lady home," said the woman, turning kindly to Jacob; " she is wet through- the ice rattles on her clothes; she will catch her death of cold. I would stay and help her, for she seems in trouble ; but there is worse trouble coming for the poor creatures overhead. I thought I had seen hard sights before; but this there is no brandy strong enough to make me forget this." " There is no news- the jury are still out ?" questioned Jacob. " Tell me!" " No, no-I have nothing to say-the jury are out yet-the judge waiting-the old man- " " Hush I" said Jacob, " she is listening." " Stay-tell me all-the old man-tell me all I" cried Ada, hurrying down two or three steps after the woman. " I cannot wait, lady; the jury may come in any moment. Those poor watchers will want a carriage. I must find one some where. Nobody thought of that but me. They might not feel the storm for the ver dict will numb them; but it is a piercing night." " You have no cloak-scarcely more than summer clothes. I will go," said Jacob. " I am used to battling with the weather," was the answer. " Thank you, though." " Stay with her," answered Jacob, and he hurried down the steps. " How the wind blows-it is a terrible night," said the woman, drawing her scant shawl together, and sitting down by Ada, who had sunk upon the cold steps, as if all the strength had withered from her limbs, the moment Jacob left her. " You tremble your teeth chatter-these poor hands are -like ice; there, there, let me rub them between mine." Ada submitted her shivering hands meekly as a child, and a drop, that was not rain, stole down her face. "You told me once," she said, "that money would save him; will thousands hundreds of thousands-do it now ?" "It is too late," answered the woman, sadly. The tempest rose just then, and to Ada's almost frenzied mind it seemed as if every swell of the wind answered back " too late -too late!" She shuddered, and cowered down by the woman as if a death-sentence were wringing over her. When Jacob returned, he found the two women sitting together upon the steps. Ada rose to her feet, and, without speaking, began rapidly to mount them. Jacob followed. "Where are you going? Not there, I hope-not there I" " Yes, there I" She rushed forward, her frozen garments crackling and shedding ice- drops as she moved. All the high-bred dignity of her mien was gone; all the richness of her toilet drenched away. The woman who followed her scarcely looked more poverty stricken-did not look so utterly desolate. She opened the court-room door and crept in. All the audience was gone. Empty benches flung their long gloomy shadows athwart the room. Dim lamps flared across the wall, leaving patches of blackness in the angles and around every object that could catch and break the weak gleams of light. The judge was upon his seat, pale and still as a statue of marble. Weary with excite ment and the protracted trial, he sat there in the gloomy midnight, waiting for the death-word, face to face with that old man, whose life lay in the breath on his lip. Constantly his eyes turned upon the pri soner, and always they were met with a glancethat penetrated his heart to the core. A light overhead fell updun the old man's temple, silvering the broad high forehead, gleaming through the white locks, and glancing downward, shedding faint rays upon his beard and bosom. I have seen a picture of Rembrandt's, so like my idea of the old man, that it has haunted me ever since. The calm, deep-set eyes, the holy strength slumbering within them-the ex panse of forehead, the whole head, were so perfectly the embodiment of my thought, that it startled me. That which I saw in the picture, it was which penetrated to the heart of the judge, as he gazed upon the living man. A group of police-officers hung about the door; some asleep, with their caps down over their eyes; others yawning and stretched at full length upon the benches, making the scene more gloomy by the con trast of their indifference with the anguish that surrounded them. Away in the darkest corner was another group of persons-three females and a man. No word, no whisper, passed among them. It scarcely seemed as if they drew breath, but as you looked that way the glitter of wild eyes struck you with a sort of terror, and if the least sound arose, the shadows around those wbomen changed sharply as if they felt something of the anguish which made their principals start. Ada Leicester crept noiselessly along the darkened wall followed by the prison woman, and sat down a little way from the rest. No one seemed to regard her; and there she re mained in the gloom, motionless .as the figures upon which her dull eyes were now and then turned. Thus an hour went by; all within the court-room was silent as death ; without was the storm, wailing and sobbing around the windows, shaking them angrily, like evil spirits striving to beat in, then rushing off with a hoarse disappointed howl. This terrible contrast- the stillness within-the wild tumult without-made even the officers cower closer together and filled the other persons present with intense awe. It seemed as if heaven and earth had combined in hurling denunciations against that hapless old man. It was after mid night and for an instant there was a hush in the storm-a hush in the vast building. Then came the sharp closing of a door, the tramp of heavy feet, and twelve figures glided, one after another, into the court room. They ranged themselves in a dark line along the jury-box and stood motion less, their cloaks huddled around them like folds of a thunder-cloud, their faces white as marble. The judge arose, leaning heavily with one hand upon the desk before him. His lips moved, but it was not till a second effort that they gave forth a sound; but when it did come, his voice broke through the room like a trumpet. o " Prisoner, stand up and look upon t:eod' jury !" ' - The old man arose and, turning meekly around, lifted his eyes to the twelve jurors. " Guilty or not guilty 2" " GUILTY I " The storm began to howl again, but all was still in the court-room. (To te conuinued.) 