rUvlrvrY~E n~lcsT r.lIt RI' £AT nn "rTi : oD 'i>tfO Vis' 'lri. t 'A rnt:laitdm?n? **~tdlkt In' <lh kthe?,Wtllll la..t Sunday nilght, to hlar a lecture by I'rofeissor Simon, a geo!tlen whlau ;halI lectured 'on lrclthilughti principles in nearly all the ltowns in the dilferent Sulnioes of Australasin. Sunday evculing lectures iairein now fenturo in the obsarvanlco of'ilhi Sbbathll mjim Goulluire,. iud,: jobably, many pi·rsons 'woaro induced to " utrn in" to listen to the lecture juntfore ho- liorclty of the thini. The curiotis were there, -tlie" "'ortllolox" wre thlcro, as well nasOiuo of tihe ;re-opresentimties of nearly every creed anid school of thought to be found.inltho city-and all seemed iutcrestcm: in, nud listenoid intently to, the view; promulgated'by tlh lectuier. It is also worthy of noto that no one'Ventured to ditffer withltho teachings p niidal.taom'ncut of ,tllI'rpfeaestr.:; Of.Ltltellobturer, 't i ' but'just to'tate thlatl hlo is a1 very fluent and able ospenlchrlt - igsi'tfraihcLs are cleaurly atii dis tiuqtly girpn, *auid htlanguago is sfliicent to denon nntrat 4 'j . ... I iibalioi 'of v ion sitldermlbl rwa-oniuge ail imaginativofequltios. ,;H i qtl extomporary spooker, and Ilis action, as Iis diction, is both pleasinmg and ; . ro o that or..to in p siin this i loctnro ti, iitjo will bo rcyurdad ain naif ad e-rse euso TjoiQna'; Inut W'o tlimiik we can offor a strong -rpastqn- iu dvfeunem ,,Tlimi*cturo, sa.]ilstsned to by. fl-hl u iocdiiL~j11 iiiubcrr' - o1t ti,'Wa.o by whl6fn aith dui'oir'ai 'oetriiiei·j'vilith telis-ctiziatcd broadcast. There-were no iinisters of rel1gioni Tpresoptrto hear the discouitsoand, i auoe raorse, to 'tlotloth othlier iilo. ''Nold,1oSoisver,"tlhat woe haln ubsehcdvd tho uttermuco, thoso wiho hold contrnsj ' opiiflbos to tlio lectuirer carin nikd tihemsolves familiar with his argmisn-e hiit?? ,"if they. choose, can prdceed :''anid etlitoe!tlhir?sid of:tl.thiiiotion; .'t ' i ,'l [t ali bttlo7dfte~8id',cloelc the ,;proooodins wicro commncccd by' some operatio isleotionsubcing rendergd qn lie pianoforto. •.iC , fw-th pa u p o Professor Siionn, .who wa greotq-w'lh npplauac, i![:on :flimalnai;i s itpeartnieer,-t?;he alnn "fdrward nnd iAq literpd. th Iollowing leqture': -- 1l Tr,':- i "TUE CONFLICT BETWH?EN OOlD'J-ilfl?Di E DUEVI'." Ladies and gentlomen, iLthero a .ono ataritlb~ i-? t, th pevidQnc-of..wllioh. is. more apparent than fny otliher, it sa thlis "4-T- at? notwiithstain~minig the (citijadorid that orecdists'wonhdil ritqributloo thoio .f ltho bletior Ji n, and is now, a continial conflict betwoeen good and .ovil, or,.s -thoe Biblo would -have it--between God and th Deoril. Sometimenos td geta tho.bcsto it, Jufrin oretfq .oixthfDpviJ ,1h Id aUsUi otwitlistandingotlhQo infinah ;attributes ascribed. to their God,li li Hii-ihiAitllligihty wisdom mnu faotured a DoviL;_andLthat gentlemman only lciowi what misery and pain,, what wretchedness saia? suffering the human raoe'iavd-,haditortnauIlro in o od bnad evr 'haod a botter opportunity orfa more gloriousoblfaciidd~r bf a'ia'ibiificent career than lhep.?fqd . tlhqi.Tble.:aJi o it was who madd all hin.; 1e madolio Heavens and the Earthliand 9',tollli'oih'i8ft"~ iis that stud our celestial vipw; y H mqdetho.sun, .ithlhorllgyely raytd Jillumine -,o~h?es 'da 'lilis 'of fives ; lIo emado the mitiri the d,.xtthll ajd:~tihe lorhlyiiflosVebi'to raise their fragrant heads in the early on"; .iado the .-+,' - • - '..,r ?.. . ir ",. sbnto?n~ms, ,wvith1tlimr. ~'antij& foreot+,tt+heir lovely the birds to sing their sweot and silvery songs, tthe heaving dceans,ttho'ftidediii rivers, and the rinpiug brooks-Aporfoct gardon of loveelinos and grandeur; .f4Eo,madocthct rrlmqaouhleeountless mIdcios bhh;rehf anld womao?i?1Qlei.ihat a ifdd bliss would thbira hav~ been had-to left the Devil out; but lhe mldo r th i, o. Imerobserro~, asunan4advadcese lhteutb0 hbsuy'hd oorlliyas aropresse dncx t411 thPi6u~i W% eh~ i~iuoi1 oif .hfs':ht~di~~ie 'iml~tdjo indU natural science, as l ncs he measu vult sof the la Oneauslof thlith) Ithe in , ritnd]_?nbr?,.lctliO .medium o.tlho~ ,iqroseopo ; erring laws of our univerro, and he rises to $ h \--sense-of-their- magiiflcence,their-suprcmones;and :ltheii-harioniy, althliht whioh isrtopposa 'tt'ei . e?a!ofii ohjc mblo. That wlnsidl si~dt;p1ral'ianimnil;'clbci ifind "nh6? likdrioi with thii?. . lh qlj?purely"interllcetual. .,uch.condnuoL. as is only actuited by instinol canfi lndo harrmony withli thl~8~tla~tb ffEddi~ojr Gid~ul:d iin!llath thought ; and hence to the refined mind the idea of a De~vil in fLds~lo~ely.-u?'vo~·raorifimi l s~i~31yrraolearl ¢?'L i ! ~iai ~TGod,'lsf'Oldodidts',vmih huiv'o it~-'ios planted . ithin us the germ of love-to-bud, to bloom, anrid to ripen. Io has give us or noblest attributes and b?, ou?-13ighet o.ce,e tins QGa' i,]o'oblo.::e hna e o 'S,??otbri·t:'ul? :h?"rid to tormeni us P Can it be possible that we are biti ho rnlay~Jin?_gst?o.ihoihst-of3olfrt?aib, 'hB zdichihhti of the mean ? and yet, this is whakt ho-B~i lb tells us, this what orcedists would havo'tolioghtfl?n~,dnd * iiejeint iofu)s senjtoji'ili've. I+0f[i.iJL1? *i ,. .u iniid ,sfiatonditoii hoi tlhat this \- hl' dlo l au gnorat ago-hn ago of -.darkness and supersttition--but -I-deny-that-it- is th c coneltion ,of , tho.. eduoatpd, mind of ithis ?tfn Id ge.,3 3?.m?'neod lh ada Goi ofhis., db,,ii+' aWfa~o?d~l~i?a?Uj~o ?l Colliduet hije kdioivn? that.no.good couldlh ave.coiooof-a devil.- -Why did he not wipe tho.devil out of eitence Is there any lady o gitntlemaoi.ihi +tal od njot, if? yo9elnlul,';uhn?uedjitojsrdaoidrodsandvs-th616ss a tmon-?tpr P. Or,:if ll y ow j thb gia pil(pne [\as mb~'b ooni y o.f"cllSrc'?r ros, ould you notl proventbim ir P " lhen yu!o arenoher hala- ySar Gdd; -*ltd'"dlti ic'd co' ainchorng %tothei Bibef, "vwith every chance of producing a world of lappiness, lovelinehs, and magnific?nc, in lwvhioh love, wisdom, ihnd harmony buld'-havkr'eiRn?dPsuipreme. I repeat auoeon thats.o ellthyou iirehtteR n~ a I odd ohiet saur y4o Pis or'setluin hyoujodeiV r -elo\ tidar siome~ouesooy~no? Wecll, then you harvenot studi~d your iiul. TVa~tihi'nlk-;ou;f"dyoduowied'iifdithful old dog whodlaclfollb~i e a:d.'6for@' yienra;-'ne-iii whom you had perfect trust, and some rascal of a man, or some sorpent ,abl to s~ctak,;wor1 to say--"your dogiis ,oQfaithful(.ianind yotq toanpnt it j intiodlisoeo . .pon it, ,p~a r aluagpn5y, *yu ,w.ll 1ind.tht it.will. yron.",igWoirt (yoou;el " old tiatoll ril td o. 1(inlie tt aih,tthat ' 'dise eijoryzptiP?/.;or, .would'; you; horaowllip :thoehi?irtlesr wrotoh who wou],dldarqto offerg~bUl$l rtitalt hfice? You say yes. "Then your aro nobler than the Gdd of theo Bible. The war between God and tho devil starts in the oerlyayrt tojhq ible'as'iGeneji h fiTho't'th v. of thoayRh olj!!didtfi~ettcp'tea le% d''sired that tlio man he had mado should not oat of a certain. trdo aiwsk " il|(eJ'·!1P W dgol~Zhflgoadlxnd evil" TEs was~fli9.desircof tho infinite God of the Bible, but th'at G6d8 ~lido a mistake, or if lioe had not made a mistake, at least he had mado a devil, a 'O?apeot," ,iiB?ihi?E, mor'eolsiltlo than any; boast of the field whioh the Lord God had made.'' Yes, ,he-muatshanyelseenrcn-siderrabl rloisEibtle, s:icHlWt'wda'nof-only al stll'o thell''tno languago of the timp- whiah,.by the way, has never been *o'orfeh'dodit died a'natiil" deatl, together witl thle' "Tower of Babel, '_ThiL..eorpent was evidently a very knowing creature. He told Eve that he know .,iwLatGo hpdqhauid?'Lbput h.opjr fcrbiddos',tree, buit } h'dddtbat?lIthough Godbhod aidithat EyO and "rbrhbslsefri hd ould.rrirh'u'6I didid,to .'itoi, hlb ;'(thd dbeil) said'th6y 'siould ir?i?' indl f iry i'idiicleb rlihjivo:ead thie ;tory; of iAdah..iniid 'Evo 'il'" tllb o gardn,qf, Edqo yonu' \yill. at pnreirlmit .that tlio first gre aoejflibt between.God and, thddovil endediin a"dtedbd:' victdY 'fdr' tlio"'dtvibe rFor Adarnm and Evo ,lived .on, and theo dovil. livede orn, 11 wggl?ng' war;witif tha?t':id'hl-Godd'6. tlid Bible. Aro there any thorightfrilpdoplo'whlo can roesonably believe that if this God were really tile cariso of tihe birth of Adam andnEve and the sorpent, tliliav! ing found out 'tho devilirh natureb:ho' hlid given to t'e soipint,- lie wou'ld not t lir'vo "atred thiat Mnapro..or,.clso destroyed- tho, Serpent. andmade imbtlheri onb. .. :B~3 I0t i! God was contontedJfd lot thingr jog on as they worb. lie gave no thought te tihe welfare of the races that woro to follow. ~o S]now hopw.theo iumman rae .wa .subjtict to'thli in Tilicinb of the 'ddkil, indil 'HI never tried to alter it. 'This is the rimngiiCieent' eoncepution of the God of the Bible. I canibt'abstaini.from hoiro 'ienirirlihgi thiit whil I -tle more educated people of this world are attribut ing all the infinitPly aplendid productions of oumr universe-thb millions of speoies, the hundreds and thosisminds ~0f organised lives} of!families" of hablits tnd'politicsa-to the will, to tlio intellect orditecrtion tof 'tl Godr0f tho'Bibl~ they shoilbd reiiribeio tlhat' they are also ascribing their part government to this God's greatest cemony, thie doyil. _But aboveo all; beofro allj'thloy ulioild. consideri thoi niitriro of: thia'God,' and they slonrll leirn to Im'ow thlat it is1 repugnant to. the higlher .conceptions of man, to Sti-uth, td scieiicb, tlcutertaiii fr olf i ntmni'et tluiti "- * ' :: 7" R ^ i " th o rigin of the eoht hIltlllltutin, Inlw5,Zl olrnmelllcn Of enyIhws 'paser ano nil that our nittie en'e, hare hlecote famtilinlr with is no mor or orhw, than the Gtlod of the Bible, the GIod of palion, the iluventor of every vice and the manufacturer of the devil. The'God of the 1ible made a nan and wantedl him to choose, a wife out of the wild beasts of the field; but the devil made him to prefer a woman. This God made Cain and Abel; the-devil inspired Cain, and he as?sasinatcd Abel. God sent Cain to the land of Nod to atone for hIls crime and the devil turned him into a vagabond.. The God of thle Bible allowed all this to go on. And although thelre wa only on1e womanl in the world at that time the devil fou?d Cdiin awife, who got at stlficietit natmber of children to enable Cain to build a city. S.Gdd oanised meen to nmultiply on tho face of the eaith,,anddiaughters to be born into them, and the devil made theo:men to: take a mean advantago of these daughters. God desired men to ba good, but the devil ni7did~ thoin l?nd, and at last God ~aw that wickedness was great on the earth, mand it grieved Him, at His, heort. After all the. trouble the God l'd "gbtii'totri orderto piodtido the diffaeont spcieg of the time, thriugithe influence of thodeviliGod conohlded to dbstroy everything ho hiad ndo Fior the devil had achieved anotheor grdat $ictdory, for hi had made thb greatl and infinitte. Goddto repeint for what He had done. ? o? . ' i God meador anark, and the'dorvillookedionri God toldN oah-to-put two of every living thing into this ak' i iiitl?Noalu couldnot catch the devil. Gqd caused it to rain for forty da'is and tiitlgts and the devil ij6yo?dthN ii of eceing alL the .Gbd' works desa Is it not reasonable;to ask here: Why did nol G6- idtistroy the devil ?: What w?eiitheions of 'dos tirig idl the lo~oly works of natur anid lear ing the devil to rejoicd eve their rutinP? Vhat? was the -uto..of stairting a now~niworld after the past sad oexperience -with a devil in it. Godo wvas ,infinitely wise, but in ,my hImnblo opiniof 4ho \dovil must.hhhvo :confoutided Hisi risdom. God savo d-Joah lboeauno·o thought him a sober; 4ndaig ?oo.,mtn, rbut.ao soon as\the dhligo !was ojr, iodah. plantoel grapes and the Devil niado him drsnkmi'God inibnted! aimgaag'e ;;lbub. through! the Dovil'?.trickl woe have iny quahntity offlhem tq.ds-ary -hof eie'lt' Abrhii and liio wrifde, 9S?rti; ite' OCaniman, and the Devilnu-de aflati ,pss hereclf off as Abram's Tihe history ofi those chosen puopl14 o, h'e Goa becomes so thoroughly degratded by the Ddvil-not -wtthetitn'ding;its bcine preachedfrozi thti ulpitL-as to saks 'it uhfit 'for my.uiiiidoice 'to lhar. God made Mrs. Lot, liit'theo' Devil turned her into a pillar of salt.-God-gave Lot two-lovely- daughters,; but the Devil madeohim to degrade the sex to which they blongOd. God· built' up cities, but through ihe1 infno~co 'eof- the Devil, thueywere' eontihiallv" dsr6y Go.- Gobd etablshedriatibi, aril'tho"Devil xoted te fiiury ~f.JGbodto such anh'.xtent that he. sent locpei .and other plagues to devourthemp.., Lobt indjn'graiiir d my henrei'-'thafthisa-'Ofl: was supposod?.to'lidow' al( iiabout.'what:hWt was doing, that he knew of every sensation, feeling,: or sonti csmt, oxporionccd-.by -the- lives.he, had produced. Ie'dJcniw.thdir joys, hbknewv their patia,. ja khqy oiriapacijty i, every way, he .know their weak aud-strong points, he required no experiencd to teach or prove to liiS how they would behavo uider any circumstances.' And yet, his remarkable codbn luct wvpuld lead many to think that he acted in mnorancebof the'esaults. Those who o niot thinuk this way and try to justify tils God in phiuaetiodnssay." that God being infinite his noactions ire infUinite and beyond our finito sendes ; we hlavo, thereforie, noright to qioestion the condulct of God." But, Indies and gentleimn, it isa greater fact that you are born into this world.wlth passions, feeolings and sentiment, andipower of obsirvation, reasoning, and understanding, rindyou havo a per po nins; feehli~gs, or seitimcntsrare excited by the tales :of an-oinfnite God, you can but use your, mentalfaoultioe'to the best of four power, in order to undei stmnd; anuso come to the conclusion of what is badi ogood, gentle or brutal, sad or .happy. tbldoes not matter to oirfIinite sensus how infinite a God imaij o, if Ilis coridiuct is antagoinstie to our scritiniedts,t our lovo''bf justico;' our ldiiginig for sympathy;. ajdounr'- -syhipaithyi for; others. *Such ponducetid adverse to;what we.understand. as right, and .iso consequently; contrary to'tho moral, laws that ,loud gobvothe.e hunai.rase.., i h.!I Yhiu6i nboral good, or tenidency thcn, can: thie Goyvrmnent of such a God have E . Finite minds can, undeorstand tholaws re auting fo !finit lihves 'and? these. iroe the loiws wehiave tp.do. with;. and as far, us.our rcsearohces into natiuro havegono to-'day, as'nattural law is re ealed't6ius, we lind theoi to6bo in harmony with urdliiglieir conceptions^uiur lftier nlsturorTand they appear-tdi nsas spnalin ybautin ful n iI their r angemdints .ahdqiuitoinc~osistent and irreconoil'' ible with the actions of-the God of the Bible. i Theintollect of amanpiiits'alinatiboianahi i m, tholorphlisachiid into an'orphiinage,i the siok man into ta hospital, itho thief into gaol, and the mur derer to the gallosW';.-but trie God of the Bible piuts' thi wrong manin the wronGoplaoer andon his mn nito *isdoirh'-h'od p linderns faniihes,' and oven murdord th g o s eAaet an examptle tho Can our finite sonesioi sdorsttanud suo conduct~o~ regard it all just beaosuo it is' donio by an infinite God. What would-you say if in order to establish that it is a ballt!.ii'tb'g itteals or kill, the Govorni ment of the colony,-knowing there are a lot of ~(rfl~ub~ut y~r nareot to d&! thie rirtof:~ thinig, desro "aydll ?,odfirst -bon cridren. Just think of it all you nbtlihers and fathers, to have the helpless, tender, and fond dittle balhes snatched from your breasts and vipod'otit of existence, just becaus 6thor peopleolhvo disoheyed the laws. Or what would you- say,- you agrioulturaslgontlemen of iiy audionco, if, becauseosome squatter-had done a mean tritll aiiincmerableonumber-'of'loousts were seot to b't vou all out of~ your homes. How would you' like itmy'ihdiience,:if, beeause of the wrong- doinig of seomobody, the:Government -were to throw up isilio'oii" d in thie air (Exodus ix, 8 and. ). andit voro to -come ;down' upon; you'a:ninks of boils, br what wdould you'sey-if tho Gbvorninrit were to ssed mill?ions of frogs (o~bdus viii) to get into your beds and'iobbcityour food, or if the Government were to tuinaUtlleasiid 'into lice, ,r seond a lot df flies to torment you, (iindcyou::meno- to "watch the wives of your love, thp children of-your affection, fade awriy and docay: under tire rflicting hend' hellish rule of youri. Government, Could1 you'. espect sunch a G6voriimdnt'l drid can you accusao afinito or infinite God of such conduct. Yet this is what the Bible tells us and wha? :thoe creedista?would have us to believe..nCWoll,-thon,. all I caaisayyis, that it is another mroiidstrus::victory for the Devil. He has mnisled the God, he has got ~he, upper hand of tide qod,.tho Devi. is 1the ruler the God is defeatdd IR ?ow, lae thoro'anbyliem who ihavy rod.tho -book of-:Joli bud still: beliove in the ihflnito'" :iWddm and' -goodnoss of tho'Gebd of the Bible, arid if' i.uchit'bor are, let.me ask them- to road again-thatjitftifi rind -eartrendiig.lstory,: bearing in'miuidrit thelnam' time that theiGod'written of:.there orcedists:wiiild lifj~is 'to still regard as th.e ideal:of theeduoated 'hmin i ?riii;'tle objeat of worship, of.venoration, -nduman's highest aodeation. Let it be diitinctly uidsa?6tddtliat Gbd knew all about Job.. God.had found him to be notonly a faithful servant, but an hqp?est and uprigliht-nulmhwhd"feoared this God and aited evil... G6d-had given to Job seven sons and threo daiighteis. Surely there -arthlose hero to night who, having sons and daughtors, have learnt.,with their ibirth 'a parent's love, a parent's doevotion, that saoreodand elevating sentiment which mnnifests itself only too vividly whlenr the young ones are tei.n from' you ;-or you who-have not ihad children have. been. ohildren yourselves, and ,have Iiioin thd.teqdoe andlovinrg affction of a parent. '"i'nd yet: tlisi is' the .God whob w d'ore taught to: believe-,' his given to us tlhose inagnificent sntiMinonts; 'in. order- to - indulge :'tli "whims' of a devil, has utterly disregarded thoem, nriot uly -,utterly disrdgarded them, -but hai indulged n m snot degraded and disbolical brutality~that ire liumanmind can possibly conceive ofei The stbor in short'runs thus :Job was:so pious a man, and lo,? his God 'so much, that when hris children ad'indulg'ed iin a foist, he would rise early in the mornieg and offer burntpfferings- onr behalf of his childribn to~-iappease any~aigeo thalrtthiy riright have unwittingly caused hris God to feeool, ;hilo. at tle eamno tiime lid was manifesting hris intenseo' nd arddnt loive'for hfis children. One day the oen's of God.came to.present themselves before' tlio Lbrd, and tio ddovil ciunostoo God asked the devil wliecro hie hbd orbme fron (as if--he'did not ]rlow). Thedeviil answerdd, "From going to and fro iu th6 eauith and walking up and down in it." Now just coircoivo for~one moment,: the God of 'thiie in-furto uiiivcreo hlavirig- a ye-r with the devil.- ..I must admit that I object to bra compaiy, anrd I deridedlly object to a God' 'vhob i keeps the worst otf company, thit of the devil. I Blut as thie dev-il had got thIe beot of him so manna timeal, I saulose he thlaght it beet to kic l n .noa I termn with him. G opened tam.he l onot vers'a-rtion hlmut his servant Job, a ?king the devil if hla had c~lsileteal Job, wIat a good and nprighit maant lie was, ald how le hIataed evil and featrd God. Thao the devil began his Jittle gaao'; heo said, "Do ye tbhink that Job fears You fer nothing, lo's well off now, but .You taku away what hoe haa got, and see how heI will curse You." God was had again. Another victory for the devil, and another disgrace to the God. Does any one mean to say that God needed to consult the devil on this matter ? Does alny one mean to say that God did notklaow that the faithlful Job would still be faithful under'any afflictions, and yet ]qo is talked.over by the devil, and gives all Job's property into his hands. Job's oxen are stolon, and his servants murdered with tlhe edge of Ithe saword, the sheep and-another lot of servants are burnt to deata, the camels and asses Wero stolon, and more servants killed; but this was not all. There came a' messongeor to Job inforhintg hlim that while his sons and: daughters were eating in thoer eldst brother's holue there came a great wind, and th6 folir coiers'of the house ofell in upon his sons and killed them.: .Then Job arose and rent his inaitlb''dnd shared his: hoaid and -fidlc uion tlhe ground and ?worshipped . ;The poir, feeble ihoart broken old man, still faithful to his God, cried, " The Lord gaveo and the Lordtak?eth away, bldssed be thelaiama of the'Lord." Littl' kne'awJob 'of the manner in which--his--Lord had deserted him to gratifyctho devil. Godlhadl not only thken awajr hlis possbssibis, bhut had mtirdered hlis sont to whom. Job was so tenderly attached, and this just to satisfy tlhe devil. ~ Can*eo respect such ti God aithis; or can we conceive howsk mother or father, who have kheown what it is to love their ohild, can still entertain' tle idea that tlhis God n.the infihite cause lying behihnd every phenomena df ourunii'ereo. But this does not blcdttholhideous andliorriblo ;tortiatr'idflitdaid oi the faithful servant by this terrible master. Again' the sons of God presented .thenselves. before tbIoLord hnd' Eo "de il~toa o led. Is there any lad' or gon-. tleman hero whlo, if you could prevent'lt, would permit a devil into your presence, and much-less into yobr,'eohifldence.. Thcn: wlat "thinkj guaJqf thitfGod P It appqacrs to me that it iser har t~ toll wlibh is ,tlodviL.or wh`?iais -th God, I.s evident from ttha: B~i"b tliat;the 'devil feonti?.~4lfriitrated! the it·tlitiod of tohe Gaod;' 'th d ' e sthe soe powerful'of thcetwo,'his~goyornment's gonorally'in power. Hfoe at least is inore honest than the G6dd because heo does-not pretend to be gootand allwiso. -Ho'does notrdiasgaise hiinsolf or ge got? 'r peopleto" dolais dirty..work. The' devil- has got tto'best et tla'o Sboiflibt. 'Isnoia; aak'agaiat,' ifGtad desirha g'od ahyh did iti' nditdditifoyctlt ,devil Pi This reminds moof the Itgio of, ttat ancient ,but great aPhjlosoLohor ]llcttrds, whodaie 'bdout 'one bf-th 8firstt tb acouse God of the woIld's:'illh.1 Hio said, "Either God desiricttiremove. ovi:from thlis world and anatiot, well, tlan, lie is powerless; or he can and he Wvill not, well, then, hois wicked; or then he neither 'ci nor willi teian, houispowerleesI and, ,wicked; or/ hb' ieill and he daft, 'doll; theou; vhy dt6itvil oexist" ',i Ti.' LordhadL anotnh r .convorsation with it0b ievil.' ' Hd'asked-tho amine old quo'dtibni ' "Woere have you coome'.f'oin P') and got tho samo told answer, "From .walking- to and fro," &e.; Thoe Iiprd-thopx.informod .thoe: Devil ..ttoughho (thio D'vil)' hiad-tided to' turn Him (God)l:gainst Job jhat gettleman still hold faat in hMs integrity? and was aA. 'tru and faithful as ever; and thon\tthe Dbvll: bOegito instruosfiii8sgrrBiat God. .? .. .. 1ir told him thatall Job posa?sese lie will glvofor lis lifi,, anuif Godd only put his 'hfaid on hie.bono :nd his 'flosh'(thit' mioans' to' a,;if'Gi dWUl donly. nir;idt 'ir;iaing bodily paits) that Jbb iiill ouiplti . God to his face; ~No.w, God knewr better thanithii.. if ho''wa!J: bottdr' the Dbiil he would lhiow riori6thrhlhibnl butthd.Devil had:th'bb~l:tf God right through, atdlso poor, faithful Job bocame (th? prey of the Dovil. Thio Lord told the .Doyil.td db ?-hatovor;hho liked aitlh Job, but not -to skill him' altogether. TWould it not have boon more merciful: t; havokilledliinim afonco, thanto.Khavo. placed him i the hands of thio'Devil ?- * i ' : ' Job was immediadilynfliated. wvth sore boils faorii tiho sblo of his foot to his, crown The Devil re-' joicod at this,: and God looked on. Then Job scraped himself down ?ith a potshard andlst amongsa tlia ashsca; still the tenderest faeeling·s of this Gol waere not toucaed. Job's wife advised huim to acuas the God and die ;but then even thefaihs f? driand bdlieving Job rdfused. ' His fri'eids"~ame~ r'und to console himi- but Job was in too much paini ndloo broken-heartod to niotaio th'ecii, T*id so they sat in silenco for seven days and seven niglts, whei worn o:dt witlh mental and physical agony, he oursed the day oiF which he was born, but stfl: refrained 'from 'cursing the .God who so richly deservbed his'hatred. -Job nwishbs' for death to relihve hias adfferings. .In poetic Iangudge, the gentlnan who Prot this story frlly describes Job's wretceod state, ndo prays or a little ease before his death. lisa oud-do ?friends turn against him,, and try to ahAPJa;' icpd is' htfed?on basa treiatnelnt, nl, his jast Jhb coomplotely; lons,' eusignahithself:to his agonyr. an- ' i .Thon.GOd. trioA to justify, himoelft to, Job.- .Ho gives. liiirm ore r*ihes, Ho reclievies ,him i'fromid hi paeih,'an'd'givbs him iiore sons and'diiughters; buli He dbeis'not retuiri; to'him'tio .hliildren he so nmic~ loved, which were torii from 'their' fathoer, to bd delivered: isito the" hinds of thoe devil, ahd brutally murdered. - -Ho cannot wipe out the dark records of Job'b'terriblo affliations that are registered in tlhat wbld- bd'inspired: Bible as a niark of 'theoinjustlc. and'vileness of its God,:and of .the immense Nvictory for,tlie devilin that awful conflict.l 1.I,; iji I i Weroe I to trace. similar victories onithe part of, .the devil throughout the dark chapters of the Biblo I should simply be repeating the continual defedtsl of tho' God and exposing to mankind lessons of j a demoralising nature, which is not my intention; but simply wish to show'tho alsurd ideal ofta'G~dl that -aicodists would ask'-thoughtful'Paud' hori?ct minded men to believe in: to- day. W'hat a poor, weak Godtho Bible presents to un ? Fanicy2his con6decending to'gq. ra toun twith His enemy the .dvil, fpr it is,td that Jesus, who i: God as :wollJas Ithe Holy, Ghost, blesides \beil Himself, was led ?into the wilderness, and Ho wea tempted by \'thoi devil'- 'for f6rty days. All that time- He ateo nothing. -: I have-: alwa3ys understood> that' Gods do 'not oat' "bt'-ttlo etory adds, that at the end of the forty days he was hii'idrod; !i. shiild \ think he; (was.: Tho Dovil win~i'hi- titproved his'plbwer,';but li coild'not do it. \He asked hinitb turn a stobe into bread--Jests backed out of it.' So thli DoTil took this'God'hitoia high-nmoantain,.and he didal more:wonderfuLthing than thd'God'could do, .for he showedhim "nlltho kicngdoms of the world in one. moment';of,time;" (I aill.tha i' -miiiacle worth doing. .Then the Devil viinted the God to worship' him. Buit the God-was afraid to do so, upon which the Devil took thdGod to Jerusalem, and stuck hlim' oni the tdp of 'a' piifiaclo iof the Teniplo.l'';Novjust:fanoy for orib' ri'oiiorit the absurd conception, that a Devil ever put, the infinite cause of every law, atom,'and. force in -'this houndlesscuniterso 'ohn tho' top of a'pinnacldo,' an dared himo, to jump :down;;, was anything i more unreasonable over written?('< :; i,;:.:,. iu-: i lBut those are the stories--told of the God-of the Bible. . SAmos siys (ebhip. ve; verses, 7 aind 8) that b saw God standing on a wall-with a plumb line in his hand. ,.It appears to)mie that a new :God .liis boon, and is ievonted in every agd, and that the charactr and attributes ascribed to HIim are in harmony with .thojeonooptions, education, and advanoomentof each ago ; so that as we ascend in the evolution of timri and progress, the conception of the Deity of by-gone days must necessarily be yepugnant to. us. .f-trust that my expositibn of the conflict between the Bible's God and Devil has tended to prove.this, that those who have:heardn?: will be aetuatdd with ad earnest desire to studytho magnificohoo of our earth, and hoe productions,- that -thoy may become more acquajritcd with tho unerring and unhobanging laws, the growth and riotion of overy atom is .aubject to, and thit the knowledge such of laws maybe a guido to your livos,.that thoy may beautify.your thoughts,i your icooiduti. :and your conceptions--tha~t your lives may . convinc6. the rising generation of yoiur supcriority to -tho God of, the Bible; vwhilo,..at theo. same time,,. you. aroe . liviing ovidence of the real'valuo of hondat investigation,i resulting in the establishmorit of the positive instead of the. negative, confirming the facts. of our boautiful.world and thie sublime privilege of liberty ofthought; that you may make the world to know the o'would-bo God put forward by the Bible is.but the oideal of an ignorant age, while thel devil is no moro or les' than the action of thie amnimnal passions of ?:manm when'uncontrolled by his higher sentiments, aind that is thu reasonwhy the devil has attained all the victoriesa; beooaus in the earlier ages man was intellectuially andmorally uneducated; but long time and experience has taught him the moral, sdociual,aind! naturallaws goinrally,:tho knowlcdg of whibh hasi undo him to riseo fr, far albovo the (Oid of tho Iibl and its monoitrous devil. i contclurioin, Indies uand gecntlcmcon, I trust thit I rhavo sureeldedC in dcolllO ntratillg the leng and terrible confllit between the GClod nd tile devil, which can only be brought to an end through the ardent andt continual perseverance of the hmlllnn race in their desiro for knowlcdge, and their honesty in oxprosilng that knowledge of this universe, our fellow beings, and the maongificent laws to which we are all subjeqt; so beautifyiltg thie mind of the human race as to entirely blot out all recolleotions of the great and terrible conflict betwen tIhes God and the Devil of the Bible. (At the conoldhision of thie lecture, several persons romained' to confer with thie Professor as to th(ie desirability of having a series of theso lectures on successiveo Sunday ovenings, and also in referenco to the formation of an assooiation for the purposes of investigation, &e.; 