PARLIAMENT OF VICTORIA. T LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL. THCBSDAT, 30 th OCTOEEE. <PBOM OtTE MELBOUIiSECOBRESFOXDEXT.) The HiM:-^ W-D; into cotuiaitiee on the Crown Liiuofi Bill. On cluiiee 3, dealing with existing occupiers of r^m Utids, Mr CuMJilSG moved an addition, providing that ports..lis 10 the occupation of Crown land laid hi a ran under a license for pastoral purp-.s-s, or under a grazing right, and grazitg 1000 shc-p or less tlisreon, shall be entitic.d to a lea-i- of tiie holding for fourteen years. lie thought '' was most unfair that pastoral tenants, mp/ny of whom were etrug- ^ling KH-E, should be dispossessed of their holdings. C.-L'JOR.; SAKOO:D opposed the amendment. The hn'D. member was peeking to place the psstorai tenants in a different position from others, and there wae not the ghost of a chance of the amendment b':icg accepted. The pastoral tenanti had already Eome advantages. seeing that they, from being on the Epot, w-uid have the beet chance of taking up ti e land. Mr M'BAIX supported the amendment. If it was intended to give the pastoral tenants t,-e fiist- consideration, let a provision to ;hit.if u: be incorporated in the bill, instead of leaving the matter to the discretion of the Minister. Tise indebtedness of the colony to some of the o'.d pastoral pioneers could not be over-estimated, and hon members wou'.d surely hesitate before passing a bill K r ich would U-ing ruination on many men. He read letters from friends of his, bitterly complaining of the proposals in the bill to turn them off their holdings, and asking for consideration. Sir \V. J. CLARKE thought that the proposal would be acceptable to the Assembly, so long as it were made not to apply to large proprietors. A pastoral tenant, wnose land was eeli-cted, would not know what to do with hia Flock, and the newcomer would probaMv oiler him the value of the skins. Mr Corrrs regretted that the Government was not in s position to give the pastoral tenants soai- lirtle consideration. Mr CAMPBELL said there were no donbt hard caees, but the pastoral tenants were aware of the position in which they stood. To carry the amendment would stop the bill right • ff Mr YOUNG could not go so far as Mr Oummiot!, bnt would gira pastoral tenants a prior riant to one block on their land. Mr THORXLET" said the proposal meant giving from a million and a quarter to a million and a haif acres over to 250 men. After some further discussion, the committee passed nn to discuss the amendment moved by Mr WilliamBon on the same clause, to the eff-.ct tbat existing occupiers of Crown lands should remain in occupation until the end of 16S5 Colonel 8ABGOOD said the Government had considered the matter, and thought the equities of the ease would be met by allowing siz moiiths, which would really mean «ight months, and in many instances much longer, sei ing tbat the surveys could not be completed for a considerable time. Further discussion followed, in which it was generally contended that the longer period should be allowed, owing to the season being Buch a bad one. [BY KLECXEIC TELEGRAPH.] Mr Williamson's amendment, for per mitting occupiers of Crown lands to retain -their holdings nntil the end of 1SS5, was adopted, against the protests of the hon. member representing the Government. In clause 10, schools of mines and picture galleries were, on the motion of Mr Cntbbert, added tothe institutions for which land xnay be reserved. • At clause 21, progress was reported, end at half-past ten the Houu£ adjourned till Tuesday week. 