"JACK." A 1OMA6CE OF A BTATION. BrD Fbanrse 3. DoNoauE. A QUIErT afternoon in a quiet suburb of Sydney. >The weather warm-sultry even; no one visible,-probably asleep, as the closed win. dow shutters beyond those cool- looking gardens seem to betoken. 'A stray dog, dreamily agitating with half. 'elosed eyes on some abstract question of sanine sooiology or politics, is too lazy or too mu?l overeomeby the heat even to wag his tail. Evidently his mental exercises are not vigorous; and the pet problem of canine eoeinlogy is not yet appreaching its solution. But wh·at of that? Theweather is warm. E? e diatble est mort ! We are standing just at the extremity of one of those pleasant points-Darling Point, thisone-that fringe Sydney harbour. The son- hissed water is visible through the trees just below. The houses hereabouts- man sions rather-are evidently the dwellings of people of substane, and the smooth carriage Trive and nicely-trimmed lawns are as sug gettive of wealth as the former are of lnxurionsease or the latter of lawn-tennis or plesant garden parties. A feaint sanspicion of faintest breeze all but ipples the placid surface of the sheeny wave Jets that 'la the white Band beneath the foliadge fringing the shore, and it just moves into aliesping eeriues the leaea that rest, as ttre,,on the high wall that rises beside us well, enlosing an eminently "re sues. hoAa trees door.plate-ogh ! t .i'Seminar1, for Yourng om ?'? .rn wl ou. a n we- . spectable" appearance, or-may I add venetian blinds? A briskly-approaching vehicle breaks the stillness. The rattle of a cab. It approaches \--stops. An active figure springs out, rings, and passes within-passes into the eminently "respectable" house with the high wall and the door-plate. Presently be emerges, and not alone. Himself and his companion dis appear into the cab which has waited, and now rattles off. His companion is a lady, and young. Pretty also. We are interested in that. Let no follow, and and before doing so,let me quietly and calmly bhasten to disabuse the excited mind of my reader of any suspicion of intrigue or mystery in all this. The ooourrene we have just wit nessed is the most commonplace and prosaic in the world. And yet, not too commonplace or altogether prosaic either. What though one of the fair boarders of Harrington House school has just left the old school-room under the protection of her father's prolge on her last and endless Christmas vacation, who will say that the first step of this fair young maid from the world of youth and dreams to the world of womanhood and life is not a step too irretrievable to be called commonplace, and far too fraught with the poetry of that grand life to be prosaeic IA young girlleaving school I Yes, Dolly Pomeroy has just left for the last time the shelter of her Alma mater. Shortly she will be on her way to the great station of their grim old father, Gerald Pomeroy, of Wilnagurra, beyond the Liverpool Ranges. She will pass her Christmans vacation there, and, after that, she will settle down to the itiless humdrum of station life, so ornel to the fresh, society-loving girl. For the last time she has dined and chatted with her envying schoolmates then- for the last time slept in that quiet old dormitory, with its white rows of snowy beds, that looked so ghost-like in themoonlight,streaming through the window -that window looking over themoonlitwater that Dolly likened to "the magis easements opening on perilous seas in fatry lands for lorn," of which a romantic temperament and a young girl's warm fancy, fed by poets' tales, had taught her. Well, that was all over now, and Dolly had even bidden farewell to the ogress-i.e, re vered preceptress-and was already rattling briskly enough away from the old school and i-n associations. And hercompanion, what of him? Well, Jack was a handsome young fellow, hand somely dressed in a fashionable suit and hat, and yellows kids, and etoeteras in which he did not feel quite at home. Yet was he a handsome, gentlemanly young fellow, with fair 8aaon hair and blue BSaxon eyes, and the fresh, healthy breath of the open country hbout him, and the firm hand and steady eye of the man who has got his station experience and earned it. Slightly tooched with the sun too; bhot lithe and slim as an acrobat, and elosely knit as platinum wire. Pleasant-faced and soft-voiced too, when he pleased, as now; and yet with a passing shade of sensual self-esteem and egotism, even downright shallow selfishiness withal. But the ebserver would never notice this, as Jack bent kindly over the happy little maiden with the bright yellow tresses and blue eyes, who laughed back at his own, sit toing by his side. Anthur.Allerton, or as his friends called him, for no conpsivable reasen-bg.tbemerest. ichim of eaprioe, "Jta -?llerton wasaa handsome young fellow as I have already: said,-with a history. Very few knew his history. Dolly's father knew it. Dolly did not. Jack's station friends were ignorant of it also, and it the asoual visitor wondered sometimes at the half.familiar terms on which this noticeable young boundary rider lived on the station, he soon forgot his wonder at this, in greater amaze at other things. For Pomeroy pkre was 'an original in his way; but a very grim and stern original it was. And when, unknown to all, Arthur left his old English home and his sisters in Greenleald Grange in the'shires, and was suddenly missed about the. same time from his familiarlnauntest the club and in the Btow,-when in short his forgery.of his father's signature, to meet his own gamblhng. debts, was detected, and the aflair was hushed up, Arthur Allierton's father knew that in consigning him to the care of his counsin Gerald Pomeroy far away in the antipodes, in Australia, was plinghis son in a severe school, where the pen aly, but not the recollection of his lapse, would follow him. And this was "Jack's" history. "Jack" he became, in name and designation, at Wilmagurra, and as "Jack" the reader knows him. And so Molly and Jack sped gaily on their war. It had been a long and tedious journey; or, rather, it would have been tedious nehad not pleasant companionship beguiled the way. Three hundred milesis a long journey to make without railways, and young girls fresh from school are not the best travellers. Bt then, Dolly was an Australian girl, and a squatter's daughter, and then Jack was such a pleasant -ellw, and his flattery and evident admiration werer-,rs-plssing to the young girl fresh from school in the present instanoe, so that when at last the old home station of Wilna gurra came li slehlit he familiar objects greeted her again, and her grimn progeanor impressed a grim kiss firmly on her flanshed oheek-well, by that time Jaok and Dolly had become great friends. Be it noted here too, that before their introduetion to the reader these young people had never seen each other before. Dolly had been at sehool in Sydney for the last three years, and for a year and a half before that Jack had been far enough away on an out- station, so that they met almost as strangers. Gerald Pomeroyptre, must have been either a very wild or a very sedate person in his youth. There would have been no half measures with such a determined character ae his. Now, his demeanor was severe almost to harshness, and his grimness only bent in the presence of his child. She was like her mother, who was dead. And the memory of her mother was the bright spot in old Gerald's life-an oasils evergreen. Theirs had been a romantic courtship, romantic with all the old grave romance of the courtly days of Gerald's fathers. But it had its darkerscenee, and in these his cousin Arthur's father had figured. But, when at last the former, stif-a young man, had borne away his prize to ais tent Australia, and went out into the country with the pioneer squatters to hew a new for tone out of this new continent, he had thrown thepast behind him, and left it with its dead Dolly's mother, as I have said, was dead now. Who has not seen those melancholyplote near the old home-stations of the colonies, where the dust of the pioneers is laid? Every sta tion has its little eerpolfie like this, and that green spot with the white tence, shadbd by two giant euoalypti on the hill yonder, visible from the verandah where Jack, and Dolly, and her father now stand, is, to the last-named, the one sacred spot in all the world. And Gerald's idol lived again in his daughter. For some days an ibwonted briskness had enlivened the honse. The festive Christmas season was approaching, ana.the old-country traditions of the familyhad bidden tem make ready the fastivities of the time. -And, se there was life and bustsle about the station, a?nd Dolly's cheery voiye and presene, like a ray of sunlight, gladdened and. hsleamed thrugh the gloomy rooms, with thuir old. fashioned furniture,as the servantslent them? selves to her ine?perienoed direction, until, at Ilat, the day was pon them . 'The lonese, b -thi time, wasfullof vi?itors, bor erl ld depsrtda~edssia lad enalcstom do iecm his dsnghterlcoue. The &otsilsnlltt; was hung;avbie . The C s isilh ->i:·.; S~-frt. its toasts of Dolly's health, proposed by an enthusiastic young bquatter from the country round, and drunkby all the young unmarried gentlemen of the district and adjacent town ship, was net gayer or merrier than the sub sequent ball, where Dolly danced with most of her admirers, but, above all, and of truest, with Jack. For a few weeks after this the festivities and mutual visiting continued. But with the New Year the home-station re-settled down into its normal placidity, which Dolly may be forgiven for mistaking for dulness, and then the dull blank level of monotony com menced. With pleasure Gerald had witnessed his daughter's hearty participation in the season's festivities, and with misgiving he saw the ap proach of the listless langour which took its place. Now willingly enough the fact was borne in upon him that the life of the station was not lively enough for the young and active girl, but even then he found it impos sible to act on his convictions. But Jack found his duties becoming daily less impera tive, and daily he found more and more op portunities to indulge himself with the society of the girl whose temperament natur. ally sought the society of some one of her own age. Their intimacy deepened. With passive reloot noe Geraldwatoheditgrow. Hefelt for hiB daughter's loneliness, which, he told him self, was the result of bis own selfishness; But his heartstrings had entwined them-i selves round the' girl even more closely since she had returned home, and he, could not bring himself to deny the luxury of her presence near him in his home. Ba a compromise he permitted the society of his protee more than would otherwise have pleased him. And after the last of those Ohristmas waltzes Jack's volatile fancy took a decided turn, With polishedltastes that had been a long while overlain by the rough station life of the bush, it was natural enough that Jack would seek the girls' congenial sooiety. It was -the first true reminder ft the home life of his sliters, and of the 'graes -f the world of fashion. It were well if facts had conitinued to connect his impressions of Dolly's society with the home .life of his sieters I The girls' youthful temperament found congenial society in her new friend's graceful tastes. They sang together, painted together, read the same books together. They rode out together, attended by Dr. Olby's groom, across the broad grassy plains whose surface rippled like the see beneeth the breeze. It was pleasant to rein up their horses to gather on the hill, and watch far beyond the tree-tops that surged and tossed beneath them, the bright dfash and gleam of water, till the sun died out with a purple glow, suffaeing' all the scene with a halo of magic beyond all art of painter or of poet, in the calm Austra lian afternoon. And then to mark where the wind rose ae the soft light died oat, and -ts hurtling breath ewepttowards them athwart the tree-tops again, but fierce than before, on and on like the rushing of some mighty sea, with the thousand forest voices of bush and plains swelling unpin that striking harmony of nature together, tillat last swept round them, drowning their very Toioes, deepening inits volume, the ftll- diapason of! the storm I Or again, to ride by the river beak whee 4heawerle- gathered -tbemusev into long, deep,.placid reaches, overshadowed by the great gums that threw theil- long shadows beneath them on the grass, in the peaceful eventide. All this was pleasant enough; and these rides and their congenial companionship were revelations to both.' So what wonder that Jack commenced-to culti tivate the deencies of sooid life ones more, so that at last he almot felt like himself again in civilised garb, dress-soat and gloves. .Snoh a state of things as this could have but one outcome, and it came like the culmination of anidylL It was one quiet, memorable evening. They had just returned from a long ride, and the cool calm of the dying day had predisposed the minds of both to tender thoughts. Their ride had been gentle, and so, thodgh .resting,. they were notfatigusd. The naturallightness of.both had been tempered just uffilieantly to put them in harmony with the gentleness of the hour. It was a purely Australian evening. The lovers-for such they were-sat by the win dow -that looked forth over the expanse of country that formed the Wilnagurra Station. The moon had just come forth, "enthralled with silver rays." It was just one of those twilights so rarely seen except in Australia, when the light of day, and the sofates- of night are beginning to blend. Far away, the dark line of the hills cut habarplythe bluesky, and the faint shadow of the softest sunset purple yet seemed to linger ere it died. -It was one of those great Australian evenings when the spirit of the time makes up for the want of the traditional associations of-older lands-when every rustling leaf seems to whisper its own love tale, and every wander ing breath of air is burthened with a sigh. The light streamed softly through the stained window, into the room where dreamiog youth and enticing beauty sat together. It was the old,old story; woven anew from the same world-old woof, and with the same old familiar burden to the tale. '! The curtain of silk has known whispers as tender As ever the blossoming hawthorn has heard." A sigh-a whisper-an embrase-and our lovers knew no more. And lip met lip, and sigh sped back to sigh, and love called unto love, deep unto deep, and the world-old tale was told again. In the morning Gerald Pomeroy returned again to Wilnagurra. For three days he had been absent. In those three days a life was lived-and lost I Another Christmas. In a'few days the anniversary will be upon as again. Again the home station rung with the note of pre paration, and was marked by the confusion of haste. During the past few months from the date of the event just deseabed, its circumstances had beeh often enough repeated, need I follow the decline, on one side, of the passion, the progress of which I have lightly sketched. ?' Postal communication between Wilna grra and the metropolis, was not frequent. With favourable roads and weather, the Sydney mailreached the station once a week. Often the station was for weeks without its mail. One evening about this time, such an overdue mail arrived. Quite a budget ofocor respondence came to Dolly, which she re tired to read. Girls' letters from old school mates, most of them, with kind seasonable wishes and Christmas cards, and the usual chit-ahat of girls. Dolly was deep in these, contrasting the life of the past with the present, and dreaming innocently enough of a happy future. A familiar tap came to the door. It was pushed gently open, and Jack appeared in the room with an open Jetter in his hand. With an expression which showed Dolly at once that he had received important news, Jack took possession of the cushion'at her feet, and leaning on her knee, waited while she glanoed over.tha letter. .It was an English' letter, in a legal hand. In brief set phrases, it told Jack that his. father was dead, and:that his presence was requpred at home t eonoe. With a sharp cry Dolly letthe.leieslutte Uttert e floor. roaik iad aolly lrady Fr-his embrace. Wth iA y6iiing tep* " he set the Sof lea- nd after ,;any .p tsbe o ionn, he gasined at length~her unwillluB their separation Jack left Wlnagrra next - holiday making weas blank and Dolly without him. Dolly Pomeroy never saw AArtliu -"'ack--in this life arm. ?:-?, About six months ater ak Dolly was sitting alone in herroi to wheich he had come ti1id" She had been reading, bot'lhe?. turned idly downward ounbe-a' day-dreaming,, dreaming- odle letter was put into lherbsdi dreesed in Jack'swng, another, which bore the ! Hasily opening th. enloeei follow-et? " My very dear Dolly.-- r warded to you by a n hen, Austrealia, I hop, forever. 1ij say how delighted I am to r "Of course, in leaving: natural houe, I leave Therefore, ear e -gl, ith cences of the past ank you have afforded to the in Anstralia ... "SBelive me, Your Thai as all. Dolly Pressing one hand to - aching sensation ina lost consuioueness,'asr letter tell on thtdoor iak \- She was found Shm, l The letterstold'ier i Lat me limn the m rapid touehese. Gerald'i realised, but the eslity~at the shadow of hisifear. J seven or eight 'nonsths afteh love.ineident we bhave fatal afternoon. :,oW0ia wilfully closed; ldm. the statett - fairs was. - have saidGerald man. Hie dauhter. thindtoihim. by the sonoof hiasioit? more than be goullian Within Saw veeks ofIas Poieroy& adeoz dis -ki agnoa large uong ere thai Ded - - the wuid. --' SGerald or first home atemer.o 4: soenes j nore, i done. . .-.--.. The et~antrin epme' years 'sgob dalghe oreebl h neal lytwo te it r blooloak, , ,e.1. nethset. It7i t grespehatlytramct oais tued~t o'd invariably leona dwelling, and theni pat iutly. to a ceratnI Maoquaerie-treet -n down'to make ar for struotureap ?kon a fermrse. Porile~psa a Bot sometiuss h her aogtob she sh btiiot ulsf. Gerald-PomineBylo. She would be o following her In theal Iodgingsmwould]srhps? her Say was'o perhaps have',n thrown aside a? gol4nhairea lier there as we ?saw letter ?esohd her .atI recogsised intsahr iheSOl nagurra S~tatlon5 if ?isI Brheoo - d brought to ind eyed, blithe little made disorder aoung youngimother'ae/et. - '"ttse oahlldioob tresees snd ie& y are we remindet i sohool, four short up with the seiert brighthairan lndeyi ot e .e .e ,÷' li ' sifting her side 1 Well A-hur A, Iln a light heart tort gladden thesaloh s ote doirs of the fair it faoe and his fatles ?pb g tale to others pehap aid bye to the desor , seat for the'eoiunh"7. See him theies, 4aso of the ballroom, isd bh softly and gcefully roun loveliness otba belle b s of the fellows of his eta the mtroe Oo m pale, sad inure Inth' wa man's bediIn tbhe Immh swiftly along the Sydey Sea him at bise~eobna sl theatre--at Assot. Se i face and those rkl4.bl nese of expresson $hl a favorite with his fienf hard heart of ocallo~si e i deceit then it can bl - happy old ige, wih " Poetic justiteis dTa:," h t ways so with theseba o huelks of men. , But not always, pewhp owner of that clos oEleet private cab of "the hans a ratltes aupl the pii A-thur drawa the moneyo - for his ptrimony h iters, and his o in s Ot is reputed t ovbeen. Had he known to fag friend made hibwelye iotse perhaps, have seen it d schemes of venagearce cohsTsis' Pr Gerald Pomeroy sits withoutP which .he has woren, walting-wsth ahuost diaboli hate till sis vleim within his toils. - Has. Srowx's little grandson, aged wee reproved by his mother dor a neighbour's gate, and told that would not like it.. '" doiaA Smith," aid the . ."' his aee, nor ay ha " ,-g those words otobu vas the resily; 