CHURCH OF ENGLAND. ANNUAL SESSION OF SYNOD. At St. Peter's Cathedral the annual session of the Adelaide Diocese of the Church of England was opened on Tuesday morning, when Holy Communion was celebrated. There was a good attendance of the clergy, and the laity were fairly represented. The Bishop delivered his pastoral address. .. ., THE ADDRESS. Reverend and Dear Brethren—I cannot but meet you in a spirit of deep thankfulness. The year that has elapsed since we last met in Synod has been one of much anxiety. It was no easy matter to take the pluce of your leader, when tbe powerful Ruidance with which you formerly had been Wrssed was brought into memory. I had (as, indeed, I have yet) much to learn. But you have greatly helped me. Clergymen and laymen alike have held out the band of warmest sympathy and friendship. On all sides, whether in our own commurion or without us, a kindly generous spirit has been shown. I should be ungrateful indeed did I not acknowledge it. But to our God, our Father, and to his ever- blessed Son, ant to the guiding Spirit sent to teach us be the thanksgiving and the praise. You will not this year look for an address of any great length. I -will but briefly touch upon some of the events that most concern us, and perhaps more briefly review our position and the work we have in hand or in prospect. REVIEW OF EVENTS. The whole Diocese was stirred by the news of the death of Bishop Short. In any position in this new country he would have_ made his mark. His manly courage, his perseverance under difficulties, his extreme energy, his wise forethought, and his constant cheeriness are among the characteristics which rendered him peculiarly fitted to be a pioneer. Men respected him, children loved him, all learned from him; but who can tell as well as his successor what reason we have to thank God for the lines of work he laid down and for the standard of duty he set up as the first Bishop of this See ? That the Church has rown in numbers, in her institutions, in ber uildings to what we now have, is, under f God's blessing, due to our first Bishop. His memory will be cherished always throughout Australia. But in this Diocese our best tribute to his memory will be in our development of his work. The year has brought us its joys with its sorrows. The appointment of onr Primate has given us not only the highest encouragement in the greatness of the man and his remarkable fitness for so important a position, but in the fact that our organization in this great continent has now received its completion. The various Dioceses are now knit together, at least in their framework, in that Boiidanty and compactness which are BO necessary for all steadiness of growth and harmony of action. Of the Bishop of Sydney himself it is not fitting that in this place I should speak as I might be inclined to Bpeak; nor is it {necessary, for much has been said, and you indeed have seen him face to face. But I will add that from the interesting gathering of Bishops at his enthronement in Sydney—the largest gathering of Bishops of our communion, £ suppose, which has ever been held in the Southern Hemisphere—each of ns felt that we returned to onr work strengthened and animated with new hopes, with a loftier ideal of our work, with a larger outlook upon our surroundings, and with a greater desire than perhaps ever before for the unity of the Church of God, and for tbe realization of the brotherhood of man in onr one Lord and elder brother Jesus Christ. We may be thankful also to the Great Head of the Church for the steady growth which we see in the extension of the Episcopate in Austialia. That the Bishopric of Riverina has been created and has been so sati^acturily filled must be a cause of gladness not only to tuose who live in that Diocese, but to the whole Chnrch. We are gainers all along the line, while we keep touch with one another, by the spiritual growth in any one part. And the more the Church grows tbe more it will grow. A striking illustration of this comes from America. Last year was the hundredth anniversary of the consecration of the firtt Bishop of the Anglican Communion for America. In one century how great the growth! Then, one Bishop and a handful of clergy; now forty-eight Bishops, 3,572 clergy, and 372,484 communicants. It is in the number of these that the growth of the Church is most remarkable; for while the population of the United States has somewhat more than doubled since say the year 1850, the number of communicants has increased more than fourfold in the same period. Last year I alluded to the labours of the extremely able and learned men appointed in England as Royal Commissioners to enquire into the vexed question of Ecclesiastical Courts. Their report since then has been presented. I do not at present desire to refer to it further than to call your atten- tion to the extremely valuable testimony which their patient historical investigations afford to the continuity of the Church of England from a period long antecedent to the Norman Conquest. It haa been the thoughtleEs custom of some persons to speak of the Church of England as though her date of birth was to be found only in the sixteenth century. A perusal of this important rei>ort will, I think, dissipate any such opinion, and convince any attentive reader of the antiquity of the glorious inheritance which is ours. My brethren, I mention this, not, God knows, to foster a feeling of pride and superciliousness—far from it, as I hope you will presently tec— but because reflection upon the fact should arouse us to a higher sense of our duty, for if we review our position in these colonies what is there that must greatly strike us? We are not in possession of State aid or State favour. No; nor do we wish to be. We are so far as all outward adventitious advantages are concerned exactly in the same position regarding the State as is the newest denomination ot any religion which may seek its growth in this land. But we have an inward consciousness of lineage which can neither be taken away nor be bestowed elsewhere. We carry with us the doctrines and discipline of the earliest ages of Chiistianity as they have descended to us interwoven with the life of our English forefathers. The stream may not have flowed on always unaffected by the ages through which it has passed. The accretions and accumulations it has gathered in its flow mpy have bullied for the time its pure waters. Still, o award it flows, and you look again, av>l. a brightness has again attended it, ard health and life adorn its banks. Some of you will remember one of Europe's most famous rivers flowing thus. As it leaps from its icy birthplace and rushes down the great valley which bears its name, the very rocks, fretted and fashioned by its impetuous flow, give of their substance to its waters; and discoloured with the fruit of its own energies, and already yellow in its age, it plunges into the deep blue of Geneva's lake. Merses prof undo, pulchner eaenit, watch pjaiu its course. Richer, purer, healthier, yet still the same river, does it flow forth in yet nobler channel, gathering of the azure of the lake as it speeds towards the ocean of its rest. So has onr Church life flowed onward, gathering it may be new vigour in its reformation, yet bringing us the life which has moulded our nations past, which has given England her Bible and her freedom, which has handed down our Apostolic ministry and fellowship, whigh has gathered the devotional spirit of her best ages into her book of Common Prayer, and would fain have taught her children of the unity of the bread which they should break. My friends, it is no light matter to be the representatives in an English colony of to-day of the old Church of England of the past. W e are not more Englishmen by nature than we are (for the most part) English Churchmen by descent. We have thought it right to cling to the past, and, God helping us, we will so ding. But what does this entail upon us? First, responsibility. If the teaching of the Church is misunderstood, if men fail to see the value of her ordinances or to be helped by the strength of her faith, how much of that may be due to our shortcomings ? We have not, as a whole, lived as though we believed in the Church. Those who have formed a sectional religious community have thrown their vigour and enthusiasm into the cause of the community they have espoused. But churchmen have lived as though, because once the Church and the nation were (in profession at least) identical, no enthusiasm was becommg except in a clergyman. And hence arose the mischievous opinion that the Church meant the clergy, and nothing more. Thank God, that opinion is fast dying out. We realize to-day more than for ages past the laymanspriesthood and kingship. The gift ot the Holy Ghost was to the Church, not specially to the clergy of the Church, save to nt them for their office. And that which we nave freely received for the common good we are bound to freely give. Each man who fails to strive even to live uj> to the Church's standard is a witness against the Church. Each man who does so strive is a witness for the Chui ch of Christ. Now that many fail to find spiritual life and help 'n the Church of England is not, I say, the fault of the Church, but of those members of the Church who fail to set forth her true life. We are bound to set it forth in our lives. We are not true to our ancestry; we are not faithful to our heritage if we do not endeavour to discharge the responsibility lying upon us of proving by our lives that the faith once for all delivered to the saints and handed down through England for English people is yet vxtaL On every churchbuui lies this responsibility, And it is in proportion to onr' each awakening to due sense of it and endeavouring w (Jod' a grace to discharge it' that our true function will be discovered and realized. I do not say that we should continually nr^e forward the Chnrch as an objective fack In many cases this would simply repeL But if the idea of tbe Church work within ns aa a subjective power, strengthening and formulating our efforts after holiness, and giving them weight and coherency: and if we are thus striving, constrained by the love of Christ, putting " Him first. Him last, Him midst and without end;" then at least our pathway will be a clear one in an age of conflicting opinions and amid the strife of tongues, and we shall contribute of our best to the ultimate reunion of the Church of Christ. Yes, thus, because it is for Christ and in Christ that we must seek for imity. It is His cause that suffers. The grief must be Hie in greater measure than it can be ours. And the very thought that the Church of England is much to blame for the want of unity among English Christians must make u scramble—humble as to the past, recollecting the estrangements, humble as to the present, lest perchance the same causes of separation might yet be operative, and we unaware of them. Patient also should we be —patient with those who misnnderstand us. It is almost Impossible that they can feel about it qnite as we do. And patient in the sense of avoiding hurry. We must not unduly accelerate a movement towards unity. It is coming. Let it come slowly. It will be more real. Last year I called your attention to the strong testimony to the yearning for unity shown by Professor Melligan s lectures on the Resurrection. Lecturing at St. Giles 1 in Edinburgh this year his statements yet more plainly indicate this desire. He is not alone among the leading Presbyterians in his utterances. Professor Bruce at Glasgow has spoken quite as strongly in the same strain. We may thank God for such utterances from such men. They will, if I mistake not, be widely echoed. For every man who loves Christ more than himself must be wrung to the heart by the divisions which axe sp contrary to His purposes. Our main duty then is to aim at a high standard of Christian life. We would lain raise the spiritual tone of our own peoplebelieving that thus we best achieve our immediate duty—and take our part in raising the moral tone of the whole community. What is there especially that we may do to bring abontthis result? The power of the early Christians lay, I think, in their firm belief in three great faots. First— They believed that purchased with the precious blood of Christ and justified by a His resurrection they belonged to God. They did not question the fact, or hope some day to qualify themselves to belong to Him.. They took God at His word, and looked upon their baptism as a pledge that it was true. Secondly—They believed that according to the promise of their Lord* whatsoever they asked in His name would be granted them. Therefore in His name they met, fulfilling His sacred command, and in His name they prayed. Thirdly—They believed that the Holy Ghost was in them, a living power, and in that power they worked. Now, our failing is just want of this faith. Would the meaning of onr Prayer-book be dark any longer to those whose belief was of this kind ? Yet is not the whole of our liturgy pregnant with just these cardinal truths? It every nominal Churchman believed in them, acted up to them, how different the result from what we commonly find. Now we need to enable onr people to realize them better. Whatj I say, can we do? As clergy we must strive for the deepening first of our own spiritual life, Every one who knows tne circumstances of a clergyman's life in the country or bush districts of a large colony must realize that his difficulties are extremely great. _ Alone, single-handed, without friend of kindred aims or congenial mind, he has often to carry on his work amid some privations and amid great discouragements. Everything that can help such a one to feel the sense of brotherhood would be a real gain. There are two ways in which I think this sense may be advantageously kindled. The Bishop of Lichfield has lately introduced into his Diocese a Pastoral Order or Brotherhood, which a large number of the clergy have joined, the principle of which is that A few simple rules shall bind the members together in devotional reading, in definite study, and in prayer. I am .hopeful that with special arrangements to meet the special features of Australian life similar union might be formed with much advantage among ourselves. Its details might be framed by the members, and if I receive any expression of a wish among the clergy that this should be attempted I will thankfully endeavour to comply with .it. Then there might, I think, be periodical gatherings of the clergy for devotion and spiritual instruction. '1'he ember days seem the fitting seasons. The centres might be places in variouB parts of the Diocese which are most easily accessible. So great ore the blessings which in many Dioceses—indeed in our own—have followed on such gatherings that I am anxious they should become more customary. They might also be made, when opportunity offers, tne occasion for taking mutual counsel for the best means of promoting Church life among our people. lam thankful that a Communicants' Union has been formed in one or two of onr parishes. I most strongly recommend that this should be done wherever possible. The objects of such a union would be:—1. To unite more closely together those who are the most earnest Church people in our parishes. 2\. To be a means of help to those who among many difficulties are trying to lead a steady Christian life. 3. To afford occasional opportunities for discussion upon matters affecting the_interests of the Church and our congregations. 4\. To form a centre for the extension of Church principles and Church work. Probably meetings _ could be held monthly, and at one meeting in each quarter discussion could take place; the other meetings would be for instruction and devotion. Tne obligations upon members of such a union woud be of a simple character, but every member should endeavour—I. To be present at the Holy Communion with regularity at those times wMch seem to be most, helpful to himself. 2. To attend the services of the Church twice, or at least once every Sunday. 3. To be regular in maintaining the habit of reading - the Bible and of daily private prayer. The meetings of members would, I think, stir a deeper sense of their common brotherhood together in our one Lord. They would thus strengthen each other to live as churchmen should, in unity awong themselves, and in more constant dependence upon the grace of our merciful Father to enable them to live a godly, righteous, and sober life, to the glory of His holy name. I perhaps need not do more than allude to the valuable help which such an organization would give to the newly confirmed. Perhaps through its means many who might otherwise drift away would be helped just when they most realized their need of brotherly sympathy. I have already called the attention of the members of our Church to the blessing which • comes from regular family prayer. Suffer me to repeat my exhortation that in every house where practicable this should be. the custom. Probably the clergyman in each parish would be glad to arrange, where, it is possible, to make the commencement of a practice in which the first step is often found to be-the hardest. . I pus for a moment to'the consideration of two most important topics on which^we desire to work with all Christian Communities in-the colony. Th6 first is the social purity question. I grieve to say that the more I nave looked into this questionthe morel see there is necessity for united; and vigorous action. We are fortunate t in possessing in this colony a Press • winch evidently avoids as much as possible $he parade of the worst cases .of crime and immorality; but it is too evident ^thatjsins which are said to be on the increase in England are sadly prevalent here. -All members of our newly formed White Ctoss Army, which, I trust, will rapidly grow, ought to be members (und in fact should be counted so) of the Social Purity Socie ty. For the . sake of companionship which strenghtens, for the sake of encouragement which a brave word may give, for the s»ke of sympathy in resisting temptations which. I euppose, in varying degree have to - be conquered by all, let us all, whether churchmen or not, if at least we claim to serve the Lord Jesus Christ, rally together on- "this question and raise a nobler tone among; ourselves and revive a more chivalrous spirit. And the second is that of Bible-teaching in the State schools. What I think about;-this question is now tolerably well known, ajnd - do not desire to occupy your time b^reifera. tion. But I earnestly hope that the cordial co-operation which has already taken f>lace will continue, and thafcby Churchmen and Nonconformists working together in this matter we may see a decided step taken towards bringing np the children in our State schools in the nurture and admonition of the Lord. We certainly fail in our duty as Christians if we do not aim at this, or else provide some other mode of educating them, which in the present state of things we cannot do. It is something to know that on this Question we are of one mind with the majority of religiously minded people. Let as not lose sight of it. And now, brethren.,I commend you in your counsels to-day and throughout this week to God and to the word of His grace, which is able to build you up, and to give you an inheritance among all them which are sanctified. G. WYKDHAM, By divine permission Bishop of Adelaide. Tbe butiness meeting is being held ^t the* Church Office this afternoon, 