THE WOOD FARM MYSTERY. (FROM THE SPECIAL CORRESPONDENT OF THE London Daily Telenraph.) Gas, not ghosts, is the origin of the my stery which has puzzled the wiseacres of Shropshire and the contiguous countries for the past fortnight. The people of the dis triot for miles round do at this moment most implioitly believe that the extraordinary manifestations described as having taken place at the Wood Farm, West Lullingfield, a fortnight ago, are due to supernatural causes, and probably many of them will continue to believe so for the rest of their natural lives, this full and minute explana tion notwithstanding. It is already notori ous that farmer Hampson and his family weie, on the morning of October 31 last, thrown into a state of consternation at finding the furniture .of their .house to be suddenly imbued: with powers of locomotion and their astonishment was unbounded when i aa what they believed to bo the evidence of their own eyesight, the bands of the eight lay dock iu the kitchen sprang through its glass front, and immediately returning whence they came, slapped that unoffending chronometer sharply in the face. Then, ao it is said, the fire leaped out of the grata and burned the baby, and' tho chairs, linking arms, danced round and round the table, and the firearms, mount ing upon the dresser, cut a series of nimble capers, as if determined to add to tho general confusion by n private exhibition of gymnastic ironmongery. All this and more was, until yusterday, credited not only by Farmer Hamp scm and his wifu, but by hundreds, nnd pro bably thousands, of folk who pride themselves uncu their common sense. So intense has been tlieir condition of credulity that they do not uppeiiv to have doubted a story put about by a local wng, to the effect that on the afternoou of the reported initial disaster the farmer, going out into his yard, beheld a trio of porcine choristers sitting up on their hams and sing ing ' God Save the Queen,' under the director ship of a ring-nosed pig, heating time with a dibble. Such nonsense would seem too ri diculous to be credited but for the fact that the wildest rumors concerning this affair have passed .enrrenfc hereabout as gospel truth. Even the rural police are said to have been thrown off their balance, aud to have failed to account for the affair, either as the result of personal inquiries or from ' information re ceived.' Shrewsbury town, up to its eyes in tho business and pleasure of racing during the past week, has yet found time to gossip under its breath about the haunted farm and the strange goings on there. Shrewsbury, indeed, had a ghostly trouble of its own. For six whole months a gentleman and his family residing in the Cherry Orchard have been kopt awake at night by rapping on the wainscots mid continual nocturnal ringing of hells all over the house. They have, therefore, deter mined to change their habitation, hoping that the spirits may not bo disposed to follow them into another parish. During an interview with Colonel Edge, hill, chief of the county police, that urbane official informed me that, though he was cognisant of the Wood Farm scare, yet no one bad instituted a criminal prosecution against any offender, assuoiing any offence to havo been committed. It did not come ? within his province to interfere. Looked at from the spiritualistic point of view, he deemed the entire proceedings as beneath contempt. The good people of Shropshire, n the other hand, while implicitly believing hat the furniture at the farm danced to the ipiug of the Prinoe of the Powers of the Air, omehow— how ia not even yet oxaotly ex- ilained — coupled the manifostutioua with the lame of Em'ma Davies, nursegirl in the ustic establishment of Mr and Mrs. Hamp on. This Etnma Davies is thought to bo a uvenile sorceress in league with the Evil )no. Serious folk are ready to testify that hoy have seen her seated upon a cane lottomed chair floating about in mid-air ; hat at her approach buckets and brooms ;ake to capering and ourvetting like the roan lorse observed by Sir Launcelot at the gates if ' the dim rook city' in ' the Idylls of the ling j' and a well known sectarian serial jublication, in half calf, is reported to follow ICtnuia about like a dog. Subsequent to my interview with Colonel Edgehill I visited Emma Davies at the house )f Dr. Cook, at Wem, whither sho was re moved from the cottage of her parents, labouring people at Wessen, in order that jhe might be under medical supervision. For it is a fact that the girl pretended to possess magioal powers, and played all kinds of pranks with the chairs and tables in the aforesaid cottage at Wesson. She made three- logged stools waltz round the room, and zinc pails hide iu corners. Before de scribing what I saw and hoard at Dr. Cook's it will, however, be better to recount the evidence of Mr. and Mrs. Hampson. at Wood Farm. After a pleasant drive of five miles through the Shropshire lanes, 1 arrived at the West Lullington homestead, situated in a well-wooded pastoral country dotted with ancient half-timbered houses, many of them dating from the reign of Queen Elizabeth. The air was keen, and bright, the ice lay an inch thiok upon . the ponds, their dull grey contrasting with the shining leaves of the frequent holly bushes already bearing a grand crop of scarlet berries. If spirits wero about in that beautiful frosty air they lay concealed out of the glowing sunshine whioh flooded wood and meadow with oheery winter gladness. Tho Wood Farm consists of about fifty-five ? acres, partly arable, partly pasture, Mr Hampson's profits being principally derived from his business of a maltster. His houso is small, the ground-floor consisting of a kitchen or keeping room, somo 15ft square, leading directly into a smaller compartment used as a scullery. Both he and his wifo aro young, of middle height, and fair complexion. They wore willing, and, indeed, anxious to afford rno all the information they possessed. Mrs Hainpsou said that abeut a fortnight ago. ono day in . tho morning, tho tiro lcapod OUu OI tne gruiu uuu uuu ^miviu, suu «i£i»u to tho sofa, and severely burned tho faco of her baby, lying in its perambulator, in chargo of tho givl Eniraa Davies ; aud sho showed me the child, which still retains a largo scar, as from a burn, on tho left cheek. Theroupon she ran to fetch a neighbour, who also witnessed the coalshoot out from the grate all over the room, and who is supposed to have wondered at tho furniture dancing about as if possessed. by.: Lucifer. When Mr HampBon returned homo in tho afternoon ho was told of what had occurred, and attri buted tho manifestations to natural causes not unconnected with tho coal in the grato. His wife was, however, less sceptical. Emma Davies, who had a habit of falling asleep in opportunely and talking in her slumbers, was altogother a mysterious person, and in Mrs. Hmbpbwi'b opinion was at the bottom of the t.vnnblo. Conseauentlv the farmer's wife felt cortain in her own mind that more disturb ances would follow. Suro 'enough next 'day the Bpirits renewed their visits. This , time thoro was no fire 'in the parlour,; but' there, was one in the kitchen leading out of it j the door between the two being open. Again the coal jumped out of the five, once more the furniture gyrated about the floor, a little ulook on tho mantelshelf stepped down and flung itself upwards against tho face of a big cloak aKainst the wall, and the acctiriau serial already referred to throw itself off the table out of tho window, smashing the window frame and breaking five panos of glaBS. All this Mrs Hampson believed, and in spite of assurances to tho contrary, still believes. How, sho suggests could it be otherwiao, bearing in mind Emma Davios habit of falling asleep when sho should have kept awake, and that young person's strange power of causing the furniture to tumble about the house ? Besides Mr and Mrs Hampson, I saw at the farm a hind named Tbomaa Williams, and Emma's fellow servant, Priscilla Jane Evans — of whom more hereafter. That the farmer and hia wife were dreadfully frightsned is manifest from the fact that they Bent Emma back to her parents and theinnelvps fled tho farm. They remained absent for a week, during which time the place has been visited by hundreds of cut ions sightseers from Shrewsbury, Wellington, and neighbouring towns, the majority of whom credit the idle and foolish rumours which attribute the explosions to : the work of evil spirits. '??'., Tojreturn to the house of Dr Cook at Wem. There I saw Mr Mackey, Dr Cook's assistant, and an intelligent young lady, Miss Turner, the doctor's housekeeper. J like wiso saw and spoke with the girl iSmma Davies, who, amid team and lamentations, confessed in my presence and in that of Miss Turner and Mr Mackay that she was aniin poster. She showed us how she made chairs and buckets move about the room by tho simple expedient of pushing them with her hands and feet. This mischevious child is 13 years old, and short for her age. Sho has dull, tow colored hair, blue eyea, a small forehead, a enub nose, fat cheeks, and weak chin. Nevertheless she is, after her rustic fashion, a consummate actress. Her mode as if moved by unseen hands, was most skil ful. She now avers that many weeks ago the hind Thomas Williams, a loutish fellow, having seen a strolliag conjurer perform. hiB tricks in a publichouHO showed the girl Pris cilla Evans how it was done, and that Pris cilla had confided the secret to her. Priscilla doniea this, but Thomas confessed to me, with a grin on his vacuous countenance, that he might have told her 'bow to shift things for a joke.' So much for the so-called Shropshire mystery, which has disturbed the repose of a wide district for an entire fort night. The credulous rustics have uncon sciously invented mostof the ridiculous tales, scaring themselves with imagined terrors. For, as the hero in the Laureate's poem, 'Maud.' truly says, 'Jack, ou his ale-house bench, has as many lives as a Czar.' 