THE SALVATION ARMY. o Yesterday afternoon between 2 and 3 o'clock there was an unusual stir in ihe vicinity of the Charing Cross Fountain and the City Family Hotel, the thoroughfare being almost completely hlpoked by the laige crowds of men, women, and children who were congregated there. The cause of excitement was the announcement that the building formerly known as Loridan's Mill was about to be taken possession of by the Salva tion Army. Shortly afterwards a, great crowd gathered in front of this building, and from the balcony, which held another large multitude, addresses were delivered. After a prayer by Mr. Holmnn, and an address and praver by Mr. L. Fraser, Captain Quick addressed those assembled, and took possession of the building " in the name of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost," and "in the name of the Rev. W. Booth, General of the Salvation Army." Sacred music was rendered by the band, and hymns were sung by tke members of the army present. Mai.or Hirker delivered an address. He referee.,1 to the good which had been done by the iti'ioy in the colonies and in the home country. He stated that the movement iftuitered 0120 different corps, 1,500 oii.iceTs, i6 " \Var-Cry»," having a united circula tion of 500,000 Hymn books, for German und Italian readers, were being got ready, mill pre parations were also being mad/,, lorthe hymns being made available for the Chinese. He also referred to the work of the anny in Melbourne, their efforts for the good of discharged prisoners and fallen women. The building was oveirun with women and children, and the iteep and narrow staircase which formed t\;o only means of gettins up and down was nearly responsible for accidents, but fortunately with the aid of willing pilots, passengary were landed in safety. The building, {or which the army have paid down £l,000, will require to undergo extensive alterations before it will bo mado suitable for the army gatherings, but steps are being taken already to carry out the changes necessary. At the conclusion of the ceremony of taking possession of the building the army, with she. Collingwood Brass Hand at its head, returned to St. James' Hall, and the quarter 0/ HU,'h-street in which the new barracks sm ■.-it'.j.ated assumed its normal aspect. 