CONGREGATIONAL CHURCH at SUMMER j HILL. . ¡ The foundation-stone of the Congiegational Churoh at Summer Hill was laid by Mr. George Durham on Saturday afternoon. Amongst the ministers who w tre present at the ceremonj were the litvs. A. G. Try («hairrnan of the Con- gregational Union), G G. Howden, J T. Cullen, J. P. hunderland, W. C. Robinson, J T. Warlow Dav ios, M.A , J. liicsard, W. Mathison, B A., George Campbell, S. Savage, S Bryant, Morgan Williams, B A , K _. Hills, E. G. Atkineon, li. Dey, Egbert Thomas, and Charles Clay, B A. Messrs. Thomas and Clay havo recently arrived from Lancashire College, lhe former will probably bo stationed at Pvrniout, and Mr Clav will suoplj the bummer Hill Chinch for the next month Amongst the other gentlo nion who were present were Me* ra Robert Hardie, "W. fa. Buzacott, Josiah Mullens, Trinéis Giles, J J. Slade, R. Hudson, and Frederick Yabsley. The church is to occupy a site at the corner of Norton-street and Prospect-road, and will afford accommodation for about 225 persons. The structure, a considerable portion of the walls of which is already erected, is being built of hand-made bricks with stucco joints on foundations of similar material, built with cement and cemented, the footings being of cement concrete. The label and string course mouldings, sills, copings, and water tables will all be finished in cement. On the front is the entrance porch with door, on two sides approached by stone steps. Over the porch is a triplet window, and a single window on either side. Each side of the church is divided by means of bold projecting buttresses into four bays, with two light windows in each ; and at the rear are two vestries finished to correspond with the rest of the building. The roof will be slated, and that of the church supported by three principals springing from carved corbels, with a coved and boarded ceiling broken into panels with projecting mouldings. A pine dado, about 4 feet high, will be fixed all round the interior, and ample provision will be made for thorough ventilation. The building internally measures 45 feet x 27 feet, with a height to top of walls of 14 feet, and to under side of coved ceiling of 22 feet 6 inches. The building has been designed by, and is being erected under the supervision of, Mr. Her- bert S. Thompson, architect, of Eldon-chambers, Pitt- street. Mr James Stock, builder, of Marrickville, has undertaken a contract to erect the church for £900 ; but the fittings, fencing, &c.;, will involve a further expenditure of £250 or £300, making the total cost of the building £1200. Rev. J. P. StfNDEitiAND said it wua necessary to explain why they were thero assembled to lav what they called the foundation-stone of that church It was not io reality tho foundation-stone of the building. Thi} h id b"Cri engaged in so uiauv good things recoutlv th_t it mis found it was not desirable to lay the stone at an earlier poriod, inasmuch as othor Churches had boen engaged m tlut d"lightful ooremonv Thorefore they had wuited until tho holidni s had passed away Meanwhile the bmldin., had risen rapidly, and it was hoped that in iho cours,» of a vurv short timo tliov would be able to in mgurato the opening of it A bnof statement of tho nie and pi.grens or the Sum- mer Hill Ohurch would be appropriate Iho increase of tua population there hod been astonishing A lew v ears ago there were flolds, but no houses, now they saw build- ings of all kinds rising op. even Mde lhe attention or the Churoh Extension i-ocietj was directed to that localitj a>? a suitable place for the erection ot a Congregational Chinch It wi s known that thero v ero uiauy families residing there bolonging to tho Congregational bod\\. Iho first meeting was held m the Oddfellows' Hall on July 2U, lSbl, and services were held for thies weeks on Tuesday eveu I m,",, conducted, bv Ru\ W Mallison, B.A , of Croidon, ùibbith borvices wore commenced bj ltev. 1. I 1 orMirh on Octobr-r d0, lsbl, end coutmurd uutil ho left foi filmland A Sabbath M hool waa commenced on the 2nd Dtceuibcr 'SSI Mr. F Yabsley had acted ns superintendent, ludtlit number cf children attending had mcreised lhe Rev J P -îurldeil ind, at tbo request of the Church Extension Society, c i0i~od *o siiDonutend the work until a pastor could bo lound _nnd was puichisod at the corner of Pror-pcct-road and Norton-street, Ashheld, at a cost of £357 ISs SI lhe plows for the present building wore adopted on the loth Serptomber, lSb3 A Lhnsti in Church was formed at buroma. Hill on tho 13th December, lbbá IhoPtv T P sunderland and the Rev W Mrtthtson, B A., oi Crov don, conducted tho service, and tho ordinance ot the lord's Supper WJIS observed. The church ouMstei ot 2o members Thev looked forward with hope no r-»r aided the lutine of the Church, and trut-ted that as (.ooli as tho cervices of a teltlod pastor were secured thoi would ha\o moro marked p-ogrisb Mi Iiedonck "iabslej,on behalf ot tho building com mitt o, presented a silver trowel (bianng un l-oeiiptioui and myall mallee to Mr Geurge Durham Ihi stone h wini, been low e>red, Mi Durniim declared it " well nud tiulv laid in tho nimoof tho luther nud ot tho ¡Son and ot the Ht h Ghost " Mr Du HAM then delivered au ndditi-s en Congrega- tional pohtj, m tht eouise of which ho ascribed much ot the want of success of churches to th« absence ot thorough sv uipatbv tv lav mon for thopsstor« m their wuk He vwis convinced that no pastor, howev-r g>od he mi"ht bo how- ell r able, diligent, praveiful, and ? ulhful, cotld got on unless ho had the help of tho-e aiound lum Ur\ W MATHISON aleo delivered a brief address O Wings amounting- to ¿144 Is 6d were then placed on I the hione A statomont v\as also mude to she effeot that the chu-ch hud promisf-d nurina the threa j ears embraced bv the Jubilee 1 und to _uso£171 -,iJ^1'S,FOCOA ?T*OT-"Havinir t,ie «iperfluonsiicUneob i - move!, lus perfectly pare and aiectible motif ration m cfs th" [Z£] * lUOm03t íttatlUlüU3 *.*"-«««__ iraüe Jourea!- j 