A MIDNIGHT ADVENTURE. The waiters watched his slightest movement, and attended to his wants in a manner seldom witnessed. Was he not the richeBt American, or, at any rate, the most liberal, who had taken np his abode at the Langham this year! There is some pleasure in waiting on a gentleman who tips half-a-sovereign as freely as an Englishman does a shilling ! Mr. Jonathan Lee was evidently a millionaire, and a man who understood how to enjoy himself. His wife was a thin, overdressed woman of forty, whose face had once been pretty, bnt that was loug ago ; and whose aim in life, being childless,, was the acquisition of new clothes and jewellery. She never tired of chancing her dresses, and was rarely seen wearing one a second time in public. Mr. Lee had a passion for sending telegrams. He seldom wrote a letter, but bombarded his friends with messages on matters of no importance — always, to do him justice, prepaying a reply. One day — it was one of our horrid days, and an east wind was blowing — Mrs. Lee observed ; ' I can't see the nse of paying a shilling for a telegram that nobody cares to get' ' And -what s the use of giving forty guineas for a dress that nobody cares to see !' retorted Mr. Lee : which caused his wife to flounce the one she was then wearing into the nearest arm-chair, where she devoted her attention to the last fashion-book. But one day there came a telegram which had crossed the Atlantic, and the news it contained, whether it were good or bad, caused Mr. Jonathan Lee to take an affectionate leave of his wife, previons to starting on a short journey. The wording of the message was this : ' English gent has got the papers.' Amongst the woods and hills of Surrey stands a fine old stone mansion belong ing to Sir Andrew Gordon. In the library of the house, the members of the family were assembled one evening, and the fam ily consisted of theold baronet aud his eon Archibald, an antiquated annt of the latter, Miss Dorothy Gordon, and Con stance Gwyn, Sir Andrew's ward, a beautiful girl of nearly eighteen. There will be a storm to-night Hark how the wind Is rising !' said Miss Doro thy, with a shiver. ' It's a mercy yonr travels are over, Andrew.' 1 Yes,' said the old man, holding hie hands towards the fire ; ' £ am better pleased with the safety of my own stone walls than the best mail steamer that ever crossed the Atlantic. But cow I'll ring for lights ; and, Archie, my boy, mama Avar and tru ta TindnrAfskTld srimft of the mysteries contained in these yellow papers.' Archie, a handsome, fair- haired fellow, of twenty-three, had been resting at full length — and that was over six feet — on a comfortable sofa, watching lazily the charming fignre of his father's ward, who persistently looked every way but his. ' I'll come ; but I don't suppose I shall make anything oat of them,1 he an swered, rising slowly. ' My boy, it is most important — quite a fortone for you ! Your poor mother never knew it,' were the words Constance heard as she eat idly in her low chair near the fire. ' The papers are worth two thousand a year ! That rascal who has kept them back would give some thing to know where they are now !' chuckled the old baronet, as he spread out the crackling letters and a large sheet of parchment on the table, the butler mean while arranging the reading-lamp to suit his master in so leisurely a manner as to call forth an impatient exclamation of ' That will do ! that will do !' Simmons respectfully took the hint, and now busied himself with the heavy curtains, having noiselessly closed the shutters. 'There is a shocking draught,' mur mured Miss Dorothy. 'Don't yon feel it, Constance ¥ ' Not a bit,' replied Constance, langh- ingassheroaeto get her work-basket; "bnt the wind will get in snch a night as this.' Simmons retired, and Archie observed : ' I'm awfully glad that fellow is leav ing—he walks like a cat 1' 'Indeed,' cried Miss Dorothy, queru lously, ' I think your father does wrong to part with him ; we have never had so quiet a servant' ' Never mind the man — attend tome !' cried Sir Andrew. ' Yon must particu larly try to- remember this.' Archie, only outwardly listening, was exhibiting some of those provoking symptoms which a lover shows after there has been a clond in f.Tta afntnunliAM. and f.tio ladw Tieu managed to get the beet of it Constance Gwyn seemed to remember something and left the room. When ehe returned after - a quarter of an hour's absence; the butler had entered with a bay of glasses and the reqoisities for Sir Andrew's 'nightcap' of whisky toddy. The baronet folded the papers into a neat handle, and locked them in an old- feshioned cabinet 'They will be safe here to-night ; to morrow I will take them to the lawyer's,' he said, placing the key in his pocket Then tuning towards his ward, he en quired, ' How is Gelert, fair lady !' ' I don't think he is well, Sir Andrew. I've just been to see him.' "Constance 1 ' cried Miss Dorothy, scandalised, ' hare you been out to the dog-kennel at this hour,, and on aucb a night ' Yes, Miss Dorothy — and it is much too cold for the poor follow to be left out there !' Now, my lore!' deprecated the old. lady, waving one delicate hand in token that her will was law, ' never mention the idea of bringing that enormous dog into the house.' - The ghost of a "pout came into Con- etance's sweet fece. . 'There, there,' arid Sir Andrew merrily, ' don't fret, Constance, Gelert shall have a skilled physician to-morrow, if you think him- ilL / shouldn't mind his coming Into the house, but our tyrant tiers, yon see ! ana ne enruggea nis shoalders. ' Archie,' softly whispered the girl, as he lit "her caudle for her, ' will you eee Gelert !' and she raised her beautiful grey, eyes appealingly to hfc A merry look of triumph passed over ma face. ' Yes; If you promise not to ploy chess with . the curate to-morrow !' 'Gh, don't he silly! Hyba think Gelert lslll,'bringhimin.' 'Jil .or well, 151. send .Mm to you room in half an hoUj lf yqu'll say good night civilly,' tit tiw cuae time drawing his fianc&e; behind a tall screen for a silent embrace, which sent her away blushing. A bright fire bnrned in Constance Gwyn's bed-room. She put on her dressing-gown, and dismissed her maid as soon as the latter had received Gelert from Archie Gordon's hands, and bronght him to his mistress. The dog was only seeking company, and not ill. He looked the pictue of contentment as he lsy at Constance's feel) and she, feeling wakefol, sat quietly readiup — though between the page and her eyes came np Archie's face. The house had long been Btili, when the clock in the corridor struck one. Gelert at the moment raised his huge head and listened attentively. Constance closed her book, and wondered why the dog still kept his inteot look ; it made ner eugntiy nervous, ana sne oegan to listen too. Certainly there was a Bound as of a window in the library, just under neath her owu room, being opened. The wind and rain made so wild a sound that Bhe would have banished the thonght of anything bnt these, had it not been that Gelert half rose to hie feet with a low growl. ' Be quiet, Gelert 1' she whispered : for she feared he would bark, and so reveal to Miss Dorothy his forbidden presence. Gelert's only answer was to look earnestly at his mistress, prick his ears again, and walk slowly to the door. Constance went into the corridor to listen. The only person near her was nervous Miss Dorothy, whom Bhe dreaded to rouse. Taking firm hold of Gelert'a collar, ehe eoftiy reached the top of the grand staircase, and a gleam of moonlight; which burst throngh the owiiuijr uuuuO| -uv up nivu n wouu iiguii the portraits that lined the wall, and then as suddenly faded. In the darkness Gelert drew his mistress to the staircase, showing increased anxiety to make her understand that there was a cause for Ms excitement. Constance leant over the bannister. The door of the library was partly open and a feint light was in the room. In a moment a thonght of the papers Sir Andrew had just brought from America flashed on Constance ; ehe remembered that they were of importance to Archie, and that someone else would be glad to get them from him. Whispering a few words to quiet the dog, she crept softly down the broad stone staircase, and paused near the door. Through the crack she saw that two men stood at the far end near Sir Andrew's cabinet) and it was opeD. A strange courage came to the girl. She knew that if she could cross to the corner by the opposite window, there was a bell there which communicated with the wing where Sir Andrew slept and which wonld also arouse the servants. In another moment she had stooped and clasped one arm ronnd the dog's neck, and he seemed to know her wish, for he crawled stealthily beside her into the room. They had nearly crossed it, when Gelert drew a panting breath, which startled one of the men. He qnickly turned and rimed a pistol at Constance. In an instant she loosed Gelert and sprang at the bell — heard the peal ring out, a pistol-shot fired, and a dog's furious worrying — then fell unconscious on the floor, ' How quiet you all are !' and then Constance thought she had not said it — such a faint voice it sonnded. And what bed was tins with great green curtains ! Surely Miss Dorothy's! Aud the room was dim, so when Miss Dorothy crept to the ride of the bed Constance conld not see that her fece was wet with thankful tears. ' My lore you are in my room because I am nursing you.' ' Have I been ill !' said the weak voice again. ' Yes, dear, but don't talk.' And Miss Dorothy slipped away to comeback with theold doctor and Sir Andrew. The patient's eyes wandered towards the door. Sir Andrew whispered a few words to the doctor. ' Oh, there's somebody else, is there ! Well, he may come just for a minute.' The ' Somebody ' had been ontride, waiting ' My darling,' he whispered, holdiog the weak little hand. Constance looked np in hie face, trying to remember something. 'Did we quarrel about — chess— or somebody !' ' Ob, that's all right,' answered Archie eagerly. ' Yon checkmated me.' ' Well, but who waa shot !' That will do now, my dear,' said the good doctor hastily, motioning all but Miss Dorothy away. ' If yon are a good girl and go to sleep, you ehail talk to them all by-and.bye.' In the library Sir Andrew told the following to hie son : 'When I was twenty-eight years of age I was still dependent on my uncle, who, though he conld not keep the title from me, had the power of alienating the property. He wished me to marry hie daughter, but while staying in Paris I fell in love with a beautiful yonng American girl who was studying at a school there. I knew her twin brother (more for her sake than his own), and he witnessed my private mar riage with her. Within a year my uncle died, and I was abont to travel to America with my wife; acknowledge her pub licly there, when yon were bora, and your dear mother lived but an hour. Her brother, Jonathan Lee, eaw me in my deep affliction, and nrged npon me that he could acquaint all American friends and save me a sorrowful journey. A year ago I learnt that you "were entitled to the nau-suare or some mining property wnicn had been left to Jonathan-Lee and his sister, or, In event of their death, to yon. I went to America, obtained the necessary . papers, and made gopd. your title to the share in the property, winch Lee had been appropriating. He is in England, and may bare instigated 'the attempt at robbery by bribing that scoundrel, the : butler "; but as the latter was shot when Gelert sprang on the man who aimed his pistol at Constance, we will let the matter aus vvuet UUEU uiuvtcnuu butl think Gelert must have hurt him.' Constance is lying . on asofo in the drawing-room, looking very lovely if a little frail. Archie is by her ride and Gelert rests his huge head against her hand. ' . ' ' Mydarlingi the doctor'sorders are im mediate change of air for yon. A month ago I begged yoq to name tbe day, so now yon will promise to'agree to a very qriet wedding here a week or two hence, and tiien I wfll take you abroad.' ' No ahflwer, and th e jglri raised on e hand to cover her fece, which it could not do. Tell her to say 'Yea,' Gelert V arid Archie, laughingly raising the great dog's pawe in supplication. May Gelert come too t' ' To be sure ; and here comes my father to hear the glorious news, and / to prevent ourgood Annt Dorothy fussing about trousseaux F Onemoretelegramreschee Mr. Jonathan Lee, and it convinces him that be will do well to be thankful for merries received, and to hasten to Ms native land — there to arrange for the regular dieburaemeot of half his income from the miDes, in favonr of his young English nephew, whom he wonld never see or hear of, un less he failed in the above arrangements. « We start for America to- morrow !' \- t .i r x- i_: commenced <i onacaau mi uu m«. ' Oh, my ! I haven't got half the things I meant to bny in Enrope.' 'And you never wiUP gloomily re sponded Jonathan. 