LIFE'S SEAMY SBDE. CITY COURT NOTES. After Mr Gall hod made a complaint about ' tho uniutolligbility ot tho oaligrepby on tho vratoh-bouse ulioot laid bof 'ro him, ho ooueoatod lo au pappliostlou for tho roinand until coxt woclc of Edward Mikr, aoouBod of Btoaliog 2 r.vt7% aud othor proporty, from Hatetend and Kcrt's timber yard Miobaol OouneU also clood over f.r tho woek, for an aiRAult on Oonalablo Doylo, a kind ol olteuoa whioh tho B noh .aro determined to put down. "This is a poliooman'soass," said Mr Daly, whon ono of tho ordiuary Littlo Bjurho stroot victims, who had fallen amuug eho-thiovos, oould Identify nothiug, and flutored tha obli vious plea of/'N-ui fluii rieordo. " Inapootor | Webb added, "And it is avory bad oase." Apparently howovrr, this was not an Admission ol candor, bnt was mount othorwisi(tbauin»ympAthy with Mr Daly. "Shall we rofor this realtor to tho jury 1" aakod Mr OaII ot tho loarnod oounsol, blandly and rathor quizzically. "No thank you," replied Mr D.dy, " I havo alwaya tho prolouudest oonfidenos in tho judg ment of yonr Worships." Tho fomAle plundurora wore discharged. Iaspootor Wobb did not stickle .at saying, "Thoinaubas boon got at," "Oh onioT' said Mr, Dalyvti deprecating touoa. His oliant? ovaporatod wnQ ftluority, A oonstablo oareo ruahlug round to Inspector Wobb, soomiugly with an alter- thought, but the court had passed on to th> next order of tho day, and tho acquitted damoi wore onqo more snilHug frceh air on the Town HaII pavemcnti Tbare is a niggarfaroo tormed tho Ghost iu a I'awnRhop,wiiorQ tho propriator olanghtors his man Toby, with a club stuffed with bran, JuataaTobyia kneeling bafcra tho iroii safui aud plundering it of cightaon pouos. Mr G ile, niorino store dealer, had a oaso boro a few months ago where a young man wa; found operating on his salo. TnU morning bo fotohed up a precisely similar care. One of bis "marinore," Fredk, fOlatk, a yonug man, wab oaught (urebtiug at tho safo by night, Ho was traced b/ BuUhos ol oaviteggM»re from a window into whioh ho bad fallen, for ho was very drunk. Mr Gilo n->w wanted to get him elf, bnt tho Beooh wore chary of treat ing tho thteg toj lightly. A.11 .MrGole wanted was Fred to joiu tho Blno Ribbon Army, or perhaps ho would not object to hi polling ou a Hallelujah guornsoy. Tho oourt was engaged for an honr and a .half over this paltry hlTair. Meanwhile a crowd olwituesiea, bnriuoia men, were W4it. tngnnotbor care. Thtrir oxdlamatteos of im. patienco and irritation ware marked. Saroly tl)o procedure in l'ctty Sefaions, and higher courts too, might be oxpedited. Thoy eooui to bo altogether behind tho time, with n lumber- iug stjlu whioh dates from tha Middle and Dark Ages, wheu men ol bnrinoss had any amount of loistiro. It Is quito imposnihlo to sum np tho amount of execration which is bo- stowed on the proceie of law daily in lliia go-ahead oity ol Molbourno. This loads to a groat deal of compound ing of felony. l'ooplo who are rolLfdvrill net proseoato, because thoy oan- not afford the outrageous waste of time. Mr Fisher,1 who defended tho prisoner, caused a gloam.of μ?oment by an illustration "Suppose your worships, that an attornot's oy barrister's clerk gotmuzzy at an ovoning party, and, in on oblivions state, went baok to the office, where ho was seen lucking at tho aide. What would yonr worriiip? think?"— and so on. This wa? too muoh, even for tho gravity of tho Beoob. Yet thoy oummitted his iu- tercsticg client for trial, and tho Sessions will reallege to oxpond threo or four hours over it perobanoo, while more crowds ol bcsincsB men stamp their feet end bite their finger-nails. Tno Binoh bad bran willing to dual with tho oaso, IK Mr Fisher would only ngreo to its boing altered from burglary to illegally on premisos. Mr Fisher wonld not take the ohauce of this, He preferred to try his luok in a oomploto , acquittal at tho soesions, i reload of a trifling puaiabmout hero, Tho trnmpsvy naturo ol the rase may be ostimatod when wo add tbat Mr Gale, ia tho witness box, told the Donoh be was ready to take tho prisoner baok into uis employ at oncoi Uvorench a manor ell tho hoavy expanse o! a trial will bo inouxred by tho taxpayers. Howovor, the fault must lie with law, whioh tie tbo bands of tbe magistrates in , oertain oabqs, where thoy cannot bcq their way toau onti.o acquittal Yet the polios might perhaps havo averted tho diffioalty, by getting tho original char go entered aa illegally on premiB?, inasmuch as tbo prosecution was so feeble, Tho witnesses in waiting who bad , lost all their morning were seat away directly alter tho foregoing case was ended, and this indicates more olam- einess in the managomont of oourt business. Tbeso people wore subpoenaed over a ease og&imt; Thomas Farroll, otherwise Maloae, otherwise Hockey, foe Btr&llogl8; chairs and other properties value L4G 12s, belonging to EUcn Lizsruv, also L59 13s worth of fur niture from Ghas. Johns ton. Tho oaso is one of viotimiring furniture doalers, and it WM simply called on and reffiattuCu for a week. Tho timo was nearly twclvo o'olook; or twenty- four according to the now reckoning, whan this bssg was disposed ol in lrel! a minuto. For,thi? a throrgof basinets people werokopt writing two boarr. Surely tho affair might havo bcon called on at ten o'olook, when tho oonrt asaembled. An impression appears to prevail among tho oonrt authorities hare, as elsewhere, that thore is something dignified In refusing to unbend to, the exigencies o! bnri ccbd life, This noeds to bo ameliorated epeodily, and reformed altogether, A disagreeable statement about the Salvation Army was made in con nection with tho ease of Alexander Hutobinson, np for breaking into Mrs Hayes's house, and stealing some apparel. It wm stated that Hutchinson's wife bad been em ployed by the Army, and onoe oame to this oonrt in the Salvation uniform, to testify on bfth&l;! of a woman. Mr Hill, oity missionary, said Hntobinsen's wifo bod since relapsed her self, She .was the widow of a sufferer in a rooent mining calamity. She reeeived an amount of oompenaation in that affair, and it has sinoe been disilpated. Mr Hill says tbo Army has been looking for bor aud cannot find her. In connection with this case wo.m9ntionod the other day that a tittle boy, purporting to bo tbe son of Hotohiooon, bad boon used, Uko Oliver Twist by Bill S/kes, to enter into a window of the bonse- It now transpired that this boy is not the son of Hutabinson, but is the son of the Qnfoitooate man who perlshod in tbo mine. A lawyer's clerk named Sinolair was bound ovor to keep tho peaoo on bis own security towards Mrs Arnold, a lady employed at one of tho theatres. She doposed that he had ter rified her with threats ai to what ho would do it bis attentions were rejected- Hh denied that ho had threatened hor, and professed a mo it amioablo demeanor altogether. Tho oaso woi not gone into ot all, being Bquarad off in a minuto or two. Inspector Wobb exprossod bis regret for tha osoape of two women who got off on tbe oharge of robbing a man in Little Bonrke etrcefc. The Inspector said ha found this was doe to tho preeeuoe of tba man's wifo in oonrt, She fixed him with her eye, and be dared not swear np to the xuatk, 