TO THE EDITOR. Sir,—Your correspondent, Mr. A. 0. Chambers, asks, " Do disease, sickness and premature death come to the Christian from the Lord or from the adversary, the devil ?" and wishes the answer to be established " by the Word." Perhaps the following considerations may, to some extent, help him. 1\. The Bible represents the first sin committed by our first parents as being the issue of a temptation presented to them by Satan. 2\. It represents " death " as the punishment of sin. 3\. Sin, disease as the prelude of death, and death itself, are, then, " the works " of the devil. 4\. " The Son of God was manifested to destroy the works of the devil," 1 John iii. 8. " He partook of flesh and blood that through death He might destroy "— that, is bring to nought, or render impotent—"him that had the power of death, that is, the devil; and deliver those who through fear of death were all their life-time subject to bondage," Heb. ii. 14,15. According to these statements Satan is rendered " impotent" with regard to his "work" in humanity:—his "work" being to bring about " sin, disease, and death." 5\. The purpose for which the Son of God was manifested He accomplished. " Now is the judgment of this world; now shall the prince of this world be cast out. And I, if I be lifted up from the earth, will draw all men milo me," John sii. 31,32. Satan was dethroned; the Son of Man was enthroned. Hence : " I beheld Satan as lightning fall from heaven," Luke x. 18. " I have finished the work Thou gavest me to do," John xvii. 4. " It is finished," xix. 30. 6\. Paul writes : " Deliver such a one unto Satan for the destruction of the flesh, that the spirit may be saved in the day of the Lord Jesus," 1 Cor. v. 5. From this it is evident (1) that the Christian referred to was not in the power of Satan until thus committed to hiin ; and (2) that the committal into his power was for a benevolent purpose : " that he might be saved in the day of the Lord Jesus." The same facts are indicated in the other similar passage: " whom I have delivered unto Satan, that they might be taught not to blaspheme," or, more literally, "that they might be taught by discipline not to be defaming," 1 Tim. i. 20. 7\. Even under the the Old Testament dispensation— before the atonement was made for man—a godly person was not under the power of Satan, except by Divine appointment; and then only on such occasions, and under such conditions, and to such an extent, as were specially indicated. " And the Lord said unto Satan : Behold, all that he hath is in thy' power; only upon himself put not forth thy hand," Job i. 12. The preceding verse shows that this was a special " permit "— that certain powers were now granted to Satan which he did not possess before. But the power granted was definitely limited—Job's person was not to be touched. Under the trial which followed Job retained his integrity. Satan therefore asks for a further licence, with more extensive powers. His request is granted. " And the Lord said unto Satan : Behold, he is in thy hand; only 6pare his life," ii, 6. Here is most definite protection secured to Job against "premature death coming on him from the adversary." 8\. Under the Gospel dispensation special protection seems to be granted to " the people of God." " Who is lie that will harm you if ye be zealous of that which is good ?" 1 Peter iii. 13. So* far as his highest interests are concerned the " Christian" is protected against all the powers of evil " I am persuaded that . . neither angels, nor principalities, nor powers (wicked intelligences), nor any other created thing, shall be able to separate us from the love of God which is in Christ Jesus the Lord." Rom. viii. 38, 39. 9\. God, and not the devil, determines the " Christian's " whole environment; and the influence and issue are not left doubtful. " God made of one blood all nations of men to dwell on all the face of the earth, and determined the limes before appointed, and the bounds of their habitation." Acts xvii. 26. " Whom the Lord loveth He chasteneth . . . What son is there whom the Father chasteneth not ? . . . He chasteneth us for our profit, that wc may be partakers of His holiness," Heb. xii. 7-11. "We know that all things work together for good to them that love God," Rom. viii. 28. 10\. The divine personal indwelling will surely secure the Christian from all the attackB of Satan, except in so far as he may voluntarily submit himself to them. "God dwelleth in you," 1 John iii. 24. " God abideth in us iv. 12. " Know ye not that your body is a temple of the Holy Ghost ?'" 1 Cor. vi. 19. Are such statements compatible with the idea that a Christian is eo in the hands of the devil that he can, at his pleasure, inflict " disease, sickness and premature death " upon him ? We need not, however, have this on the ground of a mere inference. There is a great principle involved in Paul's exhortation: " Be ye not unequally yoked together with unbelievers," which is applicable here. The principle is, that there can be no "communion between light and darkness," or "concord between Christ and Belial," 2 Cor. vi. 14-16. Then a Christian's body cannot be " the temple of the Holy Ghost," and yet be under the power ana authority of the devil. 11\. Lastly. We have the inspired aigurance that " He that hath been born of God keepeth himself, and, that wicked one toucheth him not," 1 John v. 18. A more liberal translation of the more reliable MSS. would be : " As for him who is begotten of God, He keeps him, and the evil one fastens not on him." Etnp. Version. WILLIAM BARKER. Mt. Barker, July 9,1884. 