A CONTRACTOR'S EXPERIENCE OF WHITE LABOUR IN THE NORTH. ed out Worked Retired work: full time. sick. 77 i li .. SI "1 10 31 15 2!) 31 71 311 35 71 37 31 72 33 .. 30 Mr. George Bashford writes as follows to the Townsville Herald of the 2nd instant : Dear Sir, - I last addressed the public through the columns of your valued journal, at the commencement of last December, and at that time I gave you my impression as to the nature and appearance of the country around Mourilyan Harbour and the district through which the Mourilyan Sugar Company's tram way from the plantation to the harbour passes, and I also then declared myself as being strongly opposed to the employment of Chinese, kanakas, or any other class of coloured labour, either on the sugar plantations, tramway works or in any place where the adoption of it could be possibly avoided. Since writing the letters referred to, I have made another visit to this locality, arriving here on the 11th January, and the results of my making a longer stay here, in the height of a tropical summer, have caused me to form new ideas regarding several matters, but more especially upon the question of Clio respective value of white and coloured labour, and having, as above stated, not only in recent election speeches, but at other times declared myself to be a strong " anti-Chinese " man, I consider it to be my duty to give you my reasons for the change of my opinions, and trust that they may not be considered out of place. My experiences During the excessive heat of the past fortnight have proved to me that the average white man cannot do the work required of him in railway undertaking, in a country and climate similar to this, and in proof of my assertion I give you herewith a small memorandum of the number of white men engaged upon the construction of this tramway, who, during the week ending Saturday, 19th January, daily turned out in a morning, intending to do a fair day's work. From which it will be seen that the proportion of them who knocked off during the week mentioned, in working hours, from the heat of the sun, sudden or continued attacks of fever and ague, or by other causes compelled to return to camp, amounts to 210 out of a total of 427, equal to a loss of 50 per cent in labour -a very serious one in time and money to the contractors, and which also tells greatly against the boasted stamina of the white labourers in any climate : Dato: 1881, Tur January, to Monthly It Tuesday 55 .. Wednesday 111 .. Thursday 17 .. Friday sale .. Saturday 19 .. 427 217 in 5 The work of forming the Mourilyan Company's tramway from the harbour to the plantation, seven miles was commenced at the end of last July, and up to the present time period of six months some 800 to 900 white men have come and gone, after staying here but very short periods, in consequence of the heat and unhealthiness of the place, and out of the original eighty who came up first with the contractors from Brisbane, only five now remain here, and these have all more or less suffered from fever during the time. Therefore, considering that there has been a large amount of work to be done in proportion to the short length of the line, it will be seen that the contractors (Messrs. Ross and Anderson) have had to suffer heavy loss, and a most serious difficulty to contend with, in this matter alone. Last December it was found absolutely necessary to introduce Chinese in order to complete the line within contract time, and accordingly fifty Celestials were engaged. Since then the number has been largely increased, there being now on the line some ISO of these gentry at work in the cuttings and on the embankments. But they also are subject to the " ills which mortal flesh is heir to," and not infrequently drop out of the ranks of their mates in ones and twos, and retire homewards "worry sick," but nothing to the extent that white men leave work. There is no doubt whatever that (Whose can stand the climate in these scrub countries a very long way better than even seasoned colonials. But as regards their working capabilities they cannot hold a candle for a moment to the white man in good health, the latter being able to do at least three times as much as the former but against this must be placed to the credit of the Chinaman the fact that, although he may only got through a comparatively little work during the day, yet he sticks to it throughout. He has one steady space and a set stroke or movement for doing; his work, all day long, and if he is disturbed in these he takes a spell, and stands still apparently never to go again until the ganger reminds him of his duties, but although not such a consummate loafer as the kanaka, the Chinkie requires constantly looking after. " Johnny" has also peculiar ideas of his own as to the way in which navvying should be done for instance, if he has any ''stumping" to do he is not satisfied unless himself and his mate are supplied with a full set of tools, axe, grubber, shovel, and pick, which are not always at hand, and failing any portion of these, he will chop the root while his mate looks on, and when the root is cut through the grubber commences, and the axeman "spells" until the job is finished, and another reef selected to operate upon, thus two men do only the work of one. The "Chinkie" also knows how to take care of himself, and invariably erects his humpy and makes all his domestic, social, and culinary arrangements before commencing on a job, and setting aside the all-pervading and pungent odour of opium in Chinamen's humpies, their dwellings contrast very favourably as a rule in comfort and cleanliness with the camps of the white men, the latter being generally "run up" or "pitched" in a happy-go-lucky sort of style in spare time during progress of work. Not sufficient attention is paid to the suitability and dryness of the site chosen, and the proper precautions for securing cleanly, comfortable, and healthy quarters are too often neglected in consequence of which sickness is the inevitable result in a climate like this. During working hours one seldom sees a Chinaman refreshing himself by drink- ing water, he has either a billy of tea, or some limejuice and water which he considers " welly good shandy gaff," and he drinks seldom and in small quantities, whereas the white man swilled water by the bucketful during his work, which has an enervating effect and is a frequent cause of disordered stomach. The wages at present being paid on this tramway are for white carpenters 14s., pick and shovel men, platelayers, horse-drivers and general labourers 8s. to 11s. per day of eight hours, and to Chinamen Si. 2d. per day of ten hours ; but notwithstanding the difference in rates, white labour would be far and away the cheaper in the end, provided the men could stand the climate of these districts. Experience proves, however, as far as this line has shown me that they cannot do so ; the sun is too powerful for them. The malaria rising from the dense scrub and jungle takes a strong hold upon them, fever and ague super- vines, and the men are utterly incapacitated for work for weeks and perhaps months afterwards, involving the heavy loss to the contractors in time and labour, as shown in the preceding memorandum. I am therefore much against my inclination in summing up the case, "White v. Yellow," and calculating the high wages paid to the European, his inability to stand the climate, and the loss and inconvenience caused by his constantly knocking off work, compelled unhesitatingly to give my verdict in favour of the Asiatics, and I regard them and kanakas as being the only fit form of labour for these Northern sugar lands. Moreover, I consider, and it is my firm opinion, that any railway contractor asking white men to come up to these parts during the summer months to do navvies' work, and objecting to the employment of Chinese in a dense scrub country, should be compelled to work himself to see how he likes it then he will soon confess that the work in question is only fit for Chinese and Polynesians, and will quickly make no bones about engaging them. If any railway or other contractor or employer of labour is of a different opinion to mine, let him come up here and see for himself what I have seen and experienced daily on this line namely, men walking about, the semblance of living ghosts, women calling upon God to deliver them from their sufferings, and men. light-headed and half delirious with fever, leaving in numbers for the Townsville Hospital, and I guarantee that in a very short time he will speedily be converted to my way of thinking. Personally speaking, I sincerely trust that I may never have a railway contract or any [ share of one for such another undertaking in a similar district to the present, as I would much prefer to live in dear old Limestone, on half rations and a threepenny shandygaff, under my belt as a daily allowance In conclusion, it may not be out of place to give you some additional particulars of the nature of the country and the work done on the track. We have passed through over six miles of dense scrub and jungle, with trees 50ft. to 100ft. in height, interlaced with creepers, lawyer canes, and thick undergrowth. The timber principally consists of silky oak, apple- tree, gums, boan - true, blood - wood, ti-tree, and a little pencil cedar. The heat along the line is intense, varying recently from 115' to 124' in the shade, and the only cool air that reaches us is the fog end of the breeze from the harbour. The total length of the tramway is 6 miles 60 chains, and the work has consisted of cutting two banks about 26,000 yards. The timber used consists of about 17,000 sleepers. Two miles of formation, ballast, &c.; So the work has not been as easy as on some of the lines down South, although this is only a 2ft. gauge. The rails are laid from the harbour up to the Five-mile, and I hope by pushing on the platelayers to have the engine into the plantation before this reaches you, and then I shall be off to Cook- town immediately. It is not my intention to employ Chinese in Cooktown, as the nature of the country is very different to this, being nearly all forest land and the climate is not nearly so oppressive. I am doing my utmost to push on the work here and to clear out of this unbearable region as soon as possible, and there is not a white man on the ground who doesn't wish the same, and who will not back me up in saying that to leave this part of the country to the Chinkies and the blacks is the best thing we can do. 