A.R.O. ST. PATRICKS DAY NESTING. When it was announced that a race meei> ing would be held on the Old Course on St. Patrick's Day it was regarded as one meeting too many in the face of coming engagements for more important gatherings, and especially as Saturday last was observed as ths holiday of Ireland's patron saint by the balk of the Hibernians. A large attendance was therefore not anticipated, but as the lessees estimated that three thousand persons were present during the afternoon, they had nothing to complain of in this respect. The weather though rather warm was favorable, aa there was butlittle wind or dust. For the open' ing event! Eve horses faced the starter, and Tattler was made the favorite in the machine, Ohm-coal being next in demand. The race was a one-sided affair, as Charcoal, after run* ning forward at the start, retired to the rear, and Tattler led the held with Mesalliance as hie only attendant. Mr. Ferry's gelding ran stoutly, and jumped well the whole way, winning easily by a couple of lengths at the finish, and Ohar coai being at least treaty lengths off, third, Rifleman ran round the lasfcftight but one, and Empress jumped somewhat clumsily. Half a dozen came out for the All-Aged Handicap, for which Memphis was the favorite, with the Lawn carrying the next best money. Mr. Hughes had a little trouble in getting them away, but the flag fell to a moderately geed start, in which the Lawn was first to show in front, but was soon dis placed by Memphis, who had a clear two lengths lead entering the dtp; andfcbo Lawn and Baron under the whip raced second and third. Tho leader won in a canter all the way, and just on the post Taurus ran up and dis placed The Lawn by a nock for second place. The Selling Race furnished a surprise in the victory of Mr. Mallen'a mare Columbine, who beat Victoria easily, the tizue being given as Bixty-four and a half seconds. Mr. Ferry's re&re; was the favorite, but she w&s; - not up to her usual form. The winner was bought in at the upset price, £40. Sho was ■ reputed to be a sister of tho Ghost, hut she is only a relative, being by Somerset (the Ghost's brother) out of Juno. The Corinthian Handicap produced the most profitable surprise to those who were fortu nate enough to back Mr. Haralett, as very little was known of his mount, which proved to be the winner. Vistula is one of the St, Albyn's caBt-offs, sold at auofcion recently by Mr. Barnard, and as he is brother to Caspian, being by King of the Ring out of Seaspray, it was not difficult to discover (after the event) why he should beat his field so easily and return the handsome divi dend of £15 lQi?. All Smoke, Killarney, and Elsternwick were the three most fancied, but they were all left in tho cold by the St. Albya's gelding, who sailed home ten or a dozen lengths in front of anything else, doing tho mile easily in 1 min, 48 sec. Killarney, on whom many placed reliance, was left at the poBt through fractiousnosa. The Steeplechase brought out half a dozen candidates, of whom Jem Mace and Glenburn were most in favor. The latter fell at the first, jump of the treble, end appeared to roll over his jockey, J. Beau champ, who pluekiiy remounted and took him over the journey. Tho Orphan fell at tho same obstacle, and would go no further. Yankee Grab, ridden by a boy of fourteen, was taken to the front till he nearsd the short turn past the stand, where the lad lost Ms stirrup and was thrown. Gawler stuck up at the fourth jump and could not be persuaded to go on, and 1'ithonus got into trouble, while Jim Mace was left to go home alone, Tithonus being at the dip when Jim was parsing the judge's box and Cl-leahum just in sight over the hill, Whoever owns Yankee Grab ahonld be ashamed of sending a boy of such tender years to rids a steeplechase, and with a saddle packed tiff it reaehed half-way up his back. The boy received a bad oontusion on his right temple, and it is believed his collarbone is broken, The stewards, or committee, or whoever may be in a position of responsibility on the Ola Course, should sae that the necks of juvenile riders are not risked over big timber, even if j the owners are indifferent in such a matter. There were only four runners for the St, Patrick's Handicap, and although Memphis had to put up seven pounds penalty she was made a warm favorite, Brigand bciug next in request. In the raeo Memphis led to tho dip, where she had all the others under the whip, but she shortly afterwards died away when collared by Brigand as Quinn persevered with the wbalabonc. and Hill's colors were landed in fi ont of the Locklby'a re presentative. An unpleasant circumstance occurred over this race in connection with the totalizator. Tho run of Memphis ex hausted the tickets printed in her name, and as Sbylock was s or arched Sbylcck tickets were used to represent Memphis. Oas at the operators in placing these tickets in the boxes put a handful in No. 2 box and issued some of them for Brigand. The error was pointed out by a bystander, who was told by the operator in anything bub choice language to .mind his own business. Detective panic vi, however, stepped into .the- ope rating-room, and - was sffoi-aea "da explanation of how tho error 'was supposed to occurred. After some delay a dividend -wts declared of £2 38?., the figures ia the result sheet showing Brigand, 285; Memphis, 315 ; Childo Harold, 51; Sally-Waters, 61; total, Gti'2. Two spectators who had been observing the boxes took down the following as the totals Brigand. 183; Memphis, 331; Childo Harold, 51; Sally Waters, 61;. total, 62d. Their mode of calculating made the divi dend on Brigand over £3, and as there was a gfneral impression that tho dividend would be much more than £2 13s, there were sliouis of derision when the result sheet was exhibited, but being the last race of the day a rush was made to th9 pay place by those who were interested, and other people wended their way home. Some pretty strong expressions were made against what the leasees call their " machine," and even if the circumstances of the error were purely acci dental they show that there is no safeguard to the public where the cards can bs so easily manipulated, and furnish the ftev. Joseph Nicholson and his friends with cogent reasons why " thB totalizator " ahouldspcedily be abolished. The other dividends during the day were Hurdles, Tattler, £103. dividend £2 17s,, total, £312. Ail-Aged Handicap, Memphis, £139, dividend £2 17s, total, :£548. Selling Race, Columbine, £23, dividend £3 9s., total, £103. Corinthian Handicap, Yestula, £34, dividend £15 103., total, £556. Steeplechase, Jem Mace, £130, dividend £8 ISa, total, £540. HANDICAP HURDLES. •Of 60 sovs. First horse, -to soys. ; second, in sots. Two miles. Mr. R. Haltlane's b g Tattler, 6 yrs., 0 st, 12 lbs. (Power) — - .. - _ ..1 Mr. T. Jordan's br jn Mesalliance, aged, 11 at. 7 lbs. (Mnnfoe) .. — .. ... x ~ ... 2 Mr. W. Forward's e m Era press, <5 yrs., P st, 7 lbs. (Towers) — - ~ 3 Mr. B. Griffith's blk si Charcoal, aged, list, 10 lbs. (Bally) ~ 0 Mr. T. Cowan's b g Rifleman, aged, 10 sc. < Bixsetti 0 Tattler led over the first jump with Charcoal as his nearest attendant, and Mesalliance running third, bnt at the third Bight Charcoal fell back behind Empress, who bad previously clouted heavily, while Mesalliance was almost on terms with the leader. Rounding th8 turn, however, Tattler cleared out again, and racing into the bach he was several lengths in advance of Metelliance, with Rifleman running third, Empress fourth, and Charcoal last. This order was maintained to the hill, where Tattle)- began to increase his lead simultaneously with a forward move on the part, of Rifleman, approaching the dip, however, tho mare, who did not at iirst appear to relish iha whip, came again under sufferance, and at one time it looked as though sue wss going to overhaul the leader; but etiering the straight Mr. Holdone's gelding had the race Wtll in hand, and taking ad vantage of a gap in the lust flight he ran home a good two lengths in advance of Mesallianee. Char coal was a bad third, while Rifleman, who ran off two jumps from home, finished next. Time, 1 inin, 7 sec. ALX.-Ar.BD HANDICAP. Of 65 sovs. First horse. 50 sovs.; second, 5 saya, Six furlongs. Mr. c. L. MeBonald's cf, Memphis, 3 yrs,, by GaDg Forward, 7 st. 10 lbs. (O'ifrien) _ Mr. J. T. Winterbottom's r.c. Taurus, 3 yxs., 7 st. 7 lbs. (Campbell) Mr. J. &. Hill's b.l. The Lawn, 3 yrs., 8?t. (Qninn) .. _ .. » ,. ..3 Mr. -S. Ferry's c.e. The Btu-on; 2 yrs.; 7 st. i lbs. (Ethetiuge) ... -. '.. — 0 Mr, «J W. Bowman's b.c. G'bilde Harold, -lyre., 0 st. 7 lbs. (Weazle) .. 0 Mr. R. Griffith's b.t. Rachel; 2 yrs., fl at. 7 lbs. (Ebon) ... .. « — „. 0 Shylcck was scratched. After a little delay at the post the flag felifcoagood stait. Memphis and The Lawn were the quickest on their legr", and led the field by about two lengths, but alter goiDg a short distance the former xlrew away from tilr. Hill's filly. At the dip The Baron joined The Lawn, and the pair raced side by side a short distance in advance of Taurus, wbo was lead ing Chflde Harold and Rachel by a length. Entering the straight Taurus displaced The Baron, who feu back, while The Lawn also made on effort to get on terms with the leader. Memphis, however, was going very comfortably within herself, and she even tually won in the moss easy manner by about three lengths. Taurus secured second position on the post, while The Lawn finished third, 'Time, 1 win. Irl sec. SEI-UNO RACE. Mr. W, Mallen's g-m Columbine (£'i0), aged 7 st. !) lbs. (Campbell) • .. I Mr. S. Ferry's b m Victoiia (nil), 5 yrs., 6 st. 5 lbs. (Btbeiidge) — 2 The pair ran side by side until entering the straight, when Columbine drew away from Mr. Ferry's mare, and eventually won by about a length. Time, i mis. J', sec. CORINTHIAN HANDICAP. A trophy value 40 sovs. Riders to be approved of by the committee. One mite, ill-. K. W. Harslett's br a Vistula, 3 yrs., 3 at. 7 lbs. (Mr. Harslett) .. _ .. .. — 1 Mr. W. A. FUgate's g g Eistemwicfc, 5 yra , 10 st. 10 lbs. (Mr. Bickford) _ .. .. — 2 Mr. S. Persy's a g All Sxaoke, 6 yi-3., 3 st lOdbi. (Mr. Ferry) « ~ — - - 3 Mr. W. Gordon's br g-BnndaSj 3 yrs , 9 st. 7 lbs. (Mr. Cnnninghaa)) .. - — ... 0 Mr. H. Jose's b g Reprieve, aged, 10 st. D lbs. (Mr. Crane) .. — ~ — .. - • 0 Mr. J. H. Bill's b c KUJarney, 3 yrs, 9 st 12 lbs. . (Mr. McFie) - _ -.0 Mesalliance, Taurus, and Empress were scratched. After soma delay at the post, occasioned- by the fra/t^/iUQnAQu nf "WSlTarKfiv r.liA wis ftfe lfttinrhtl fractiousness of KiUarney. the field was at length dispatched without htm. The start was a straggling one, and the race was soon left to All Binoke, Eiteernwich, and Vistula, who got away in advance of anything else. All Smoke forced the running until approaching the dip. when he was displaced by Vistula, who soon had everything in trouble, and won at tfce flci-h by about ten lengths. Eastern wick passed all Smoke in the straight, and secured second position. lime, 1 mia. 48 sec. HANDICAP STKIPLECHASE. Cf 00 SCV3, First horse 50 sovs.; second horse ID-Hove, About two and a hoi/ miles. Mr, W. A. Pi.'gate'a g g J.m.Mace aged, 10 st. 7 lbs. (C. Fiigatc) - ~ - l Mr B. TV. Barslstt's blk g Tithonus, i yrs., o st. 10 lbs (Blake) .. -2' Mr. 17. Grazier's hd g Glesiburn, aged, 11 st. (J. Seaucftamp) 8 -Mr. 'X Power's b g Gawier, aged, 10 st. (Roberts) 0 Mr. 8. Ferry's b g Oiphan, 5 yrs., 9 st 7 lbs. (Biasett) .. - - 0 Mr X. Matron's eg lathee Grab, 6 yrs., u. st. 7 lbs, (Mainyard) .. .. — .. .-.0 Gfenbnrn forced the pace to the first jump, where he refunec, and allowed Yankee Gran to take npthe running in advance of Orphan, who was followed by Tithonus and Jem Mace in the order named, Gawler having ran round at the flrst obstacle. On the hill the positione wora uachanged, but In the dip Glen burn, who had been sent goiag again, took third position. At the first of the trebles both Orphan and Mr. Croxiers siding came down somewhat heavily, bnt the latter was remounted and sent on in pursuit of Jem Mace and Tithonus. The groy was a long way in the van . sit tho back, Xifhonus having lost a lot of ground by balkiug. Vankes Grab got rid of his rider, and Orphan and Gawler refused to go on, so that J6B1 Mace was left to come home an easy victor, Tithonus and Gienburn being a long way in the rear, Time, 6 rnin. 35 sec. ST. PATRICK'S HANDICAP. Of 70 sovs. First horse. 03 sovs; second horse. 10 eove. The winner ni either the AU-aged Handi cap or Corinthian Handicap. 7 lbs. extia; penalties not cumulative. One mile ami a quarter. Mr. J. H. Hill's b g. Brigand, aged, S si. 4 lbs. (Qainn) _ .. - .. ~ ..X Mr. G. L. McDonald's e f Memphis, 3 yrs., 7 st. 7 lbs. {©"SriCD) „ „ ... .. ... - 2 Mr. C. W. Bowman's b c Chi Ms Harold, 3 yrs., 7 st. (TVcaeel) .. _ .. _ ~ 3 Mr. T, Jordan's c. in Salty Water?, aged, 6st. 7 lbs. (Stheriilge) ... . - ... — .. 9 Sbylockacd Taurus were scratches, Memphis and Brigand- made the running in com pany. Uhsl.le Harold waiting on them, and Sally bell- g outpreed. Entering the dip Memphis looked en easy Winner, but Brigand sticking to her under : ■the whip wore her down aod was fanded a goo.i winnfir, GbjJde Harold aniadilrerciit sbirdc 