A MEMORABLE DERBY. By J. P. D. . Christmas again! Shades of my illustrious ancestors, _ how quickly the yean pass ! It seems but a few weeks ago eiooe I spent last Boxing Day with Fred Johnston. A most enjoyable holiday it was, too. What a jolly host he proved ! The neat steam launch specially chartered ; about three dozen of us, made up of half-a-dozen families ; the trip dttvra the harbour in the forenoon, peering into all the bays en route searching for the appetite which weunmis . . takably did find ; then the speedy ran to Fred's house and grounds on the F&rramatta; River, where we lunched right regally in svlvan shades. Tennis for the inveniles. billiard for the elders ; dinner indoors at 6 for all, dancing at 8, steamer at 11; farewell to our host and his family, and choruses all the way home. It was a day of unalloyed pleasure ; such a one as I now wish many 'of my friends may spend this season. Fred and his family are now settled down within a few miles of dear old London ; 'midst fogs and mitts and snow, doubtless, his thoughts oft revert to Sydney. But for that matter he is just of that temperament which adapts itself to circumstances; good health and a moderate share of the world's favours should, as they do in his case, prove satis fying. But Fred's life was not all so smooth. While in Australia he had his ups and his downs ; one of the latter was almost to a depth which waB unfathomable. The story which he told me during the holiday of which I have just given, a brief account is worth repeating. True, it has not its ghastly ghost or its thrilling adventure ; it has, how ever, a solid foundation, consisting of fact, and, to a certain extent, a moral. Its recital came about in this way. I was speaking to Fred concerning my intention to spend New Year's Day on the Randwick Racecourse ; and as I had what I considered a good tip for Tatters&U;'a Cup, I suggested that he should invest a small sum on my favourite. *? No,' he replied ; ' I never raake wagers or play for high stakes. 33ut years ago, prior to my marriage and long before 1 had the pleasure of your acquaintance, I did my share of betting. I, however, received one lesson, old fellow, which I never can forget. If it won't bore you too much to listen for a while, I'll , let you know what were the causes .which banished me from that charmed circle which I suppose you know as 'The Ring.1 ' Try another glass of that claret cup. It's first-class tipple; and tow off! ' You cannot fail to remember 1870, well known as the Florence year. Florence was the dashing daughter of Boiardo, and as a two year-old won all before her. Uy Jove, she was a beauty ! Gordon's lines, A lean head and fiery, quarters strong and wiry, A loin ratter light, hut a shoulder euperb, applied equally well to her as to his favourite fsenlt. In fact, she wa» just the Btyle of animal to suit the tastes of backers and substantially line their pockets. I was then en gaged as shipping clerk in the house ot JQopton and Co., and was earning about £360 a-year. As you may imagine, having some expectations from my relatives on toy dear old - mother's side, and being what you . did not save very much from thu amount. My mother and I /were boarders in one. establishment. Housekeeping was far from my thoughts, and it was not until $ met the lady who is now my wife that ©yen the eUghteet idea of settling down met with my consideration-} . 'According te the rules of eti quette, I believe, the host who praises either his wife or his wine is con sidered ill-bred. WeU, I shall in this case take the responsibility, and say that not many girls more lovely ^ were to be found in this colony than was the lady who now bears my. name. Well-favoured by nature, and highly-accomplished,' she was undoubtedly an objeot worthy of my earnest lore, and unreservedly a she; t obtained it. She was, as you are aware, an orphan, and living with ? her uncle, but not without render- , ing as governess to his -children a return oommensurate withhishospi- . tality. I made her acquaintance at one of the delightful little musical . evenings which were at that time . regularly given by the Wenthropps. A chat of not more than 10 minutes' duration, a 6ong,thena duet— and the seal, if not placed upon my fate, at least had the flame and wax pre pared for it. Ere the close of the evening I was as deeply in love as man could well be. In less than three months we had reached that delightful'vet uncertain stage which is known to young ladies as 'en gaged.' Happy time, indeed! and we were to be married in November. 'My dear old mother was almost as graoneo es ner son; but she gave her consent conditionally. It was that. I should accept her savings— about £300 or bo— pounds wMoh had been gradually placed in store, but not without much personal sacrifice, for her annuity was not large. And this sum, added to the solitary hundred I had accumulated was to be devoted to the purchase of the furni . tore necessary to commence our housekeeping.7 But Clara, ? my intended, also' had her wish. It was that the good old lady should promise indwell with us for life. This led to argument* my jnother contending that mothera-in-law were sometimes objectionable, Clara, however, was reso lute, and after much persuasion obtained the promise. The maternal kiss followed; and then another act *f osculation which was notmatemal. In fact, the proverbial signing, sealing, and delivery were most satisfactorily conducted, and all parties concerned were happy. ;. . 'November was only three montiis off, and much had to -be done in the time. : First, (here was the house to choose. . This, thirteen years ago, was not such a difficult matter as it is at present. There were lawny most. commodious tuburbanvillas available, and .'one was chosen; but as some repairs wen necessary we conU not commence to furnish until the middle of the month in which our honeymoon was tocommence. This was not a serious drawback, for, as Clara sensibly suggested, we could easily select our furniture and carpets and have everything ready. I set to work and s visited various furniture warehouses, as a kind of pioneer.; but one day, alas ! changed my opinion about the extensive onffit £400 could provide. A piano, say, for 70 guineas, ' and a few deoent articles for our Bmall drawing-room would aUnost swamp the fund. 'What was to be done? I resolutely determined not to tart in debt. Dear me, if I could only bit upon some lucky spec my four hundred might bematenally increased. Such were my reflections as 1 left my office for home. If I could manage to do a good line in tea, or even in candle?, or buya few abates ! Hundreds were often made in little ventures. My train of thought was sent from the rails by a hearty slap from my old chum, Tom Scamper. ** 'Wei], old man, where the deuce have you been the last ssvenyttn? I suppose ift true what we hear, yon are I about to take the dread step. They do say you are to be turned off in a month, or so. Come in and try a whisky.' ' A better-hearted fellow than Tom never 'existed. So, as I could well excuse his chaffing remarks, we did go in and did try the whisky; end as we met a couple of iriendsia the cafe before half- an-hour had sped some extensive sam pling was done. The result was that I rather reluctantly consented to dine in town. We were a jolly set. Of course we had a game of billiards ; and as Tom, and his friends weie to some extent turfites, the conversation gradually became intensely horeey. For. my part, my knowledge of horseflesh was restricted to animals of the cab order ; about pedigrees and performances I was hopelessly in the dark ; but I knew that large sums were often won by wagering at race meet ings. Tom and his friends had a long discussion about the forthcoming Melbourne Cap and the horses which they should take, coupled with Florence for the Derby. They were unanimous in the opinion that the mare was the biggest certainty ever known. ' She's now at 6 to 4,* said Tom, ♦ and I only wish I had a fortune to put on at the odds. Why, it ought to be 3 to 1 on her.' My curiosity was aroused, and it was soon appeased. There could be no mis take in the matter. There was nothing in the Melbourne Derby to come within lengths of Florence. It was merely a question of being well on the day. Now, here was an opportunity to speculate with a fair chance of good profit. A fifty risked would bring me a gain of over £70— as much as the price of the desired piano. 1 determined to take the risk, and that very night went with Tom to Tattersall's and made the wager. Being unknown to the bookmaker, I lodged my cheque, and in return had a slip of paper inscribed 1 Victorian Derby, 0—125 Florence, H. Golding.' It was my first wager on a horserace, and J. must say that my morning thoughts which immediately followed it were not quite satisfactory. To me it seemed a plunge. I sensibly reflected that it was just possible to lose; and if I lost the amount was far more than I could afford to spare. It would never suit to let Clara or mother know what a risk I was incurring. My doubts did not favour appetite. The matutinal meal was almost untasted. I listlessly picked up the morning paper. 'My first glance was directed to the ' Man, what do you eay f' I shouted as I clutched the collar of his coat. ' What did win the Melbourne Derby P' —A Memorable Debbt. sporting columns. By Jove! what did I see :-—' At a late hour last evening a heavy commission from Melbourne was effected in favour of Florence, and that mare stands now at even money, A plucky offer made at midnight to take 1100 to 1000 met with no response from the books.* It was evident that I had only just forestalled the market. Even as it was I could hedge to advantage. I left for town in a high state of glee, and on the way met Tom Scamper. The prospect was simply glorious. We both agreed that the only matter for regret was that I had not put-on more. ' You see/ explained Tom, ' my only doubt is now removed. Depend upon it, the stable money is on her. If she's only half fit she can win it in a walk. I don't mind betting you a new hat that before the day the odds will be 3 to 1 on her. I tell you, old man, it's a moral certainty.' Decidedly it seemed eo; and the more I inquired about the mare's chances -the more assured I became' that backing Florence was the easiest method of making money. I could not rest ; my nights were almost sleepless. Even Clara's delightful conversation could not drive Florence from my mind. Here was a chance, an easy chance, to double my capital. ' Clara, accompanied by. my mother, bad selected most of the furniture. I took some share in the work. Clara was delighted with the piano ; mother thought the dining room suite simply perfect. I, unknown to them, roughly estimated the total cost; it would be £500, without small things, such as cutieryand linen. 'My mind was made up, I would be plucky.. My favourite Florence should make my special favourite Clara the happiest of brides. That evening I backed the mare for a level three hundred, and staked the money. The quotation next morning was 5 to 4 on Florence, and I was perfectly satisfied. 'October was rapidly closing, and the Derby Day near to hand. Florence and her stable companion, Pyrrhus, had reached Melbourne safely, and were doing B&tiBiactqry; work. Pyrrhus was a three-year-old colt of but moderate quality. He was useful, however ;' and decidedly, next to Florence, was the best in the Derby. They were both owned by our old friend, John Tait— f Honest John,' as he was called. The books were closed about Florence ; closed, s although very little public money was on her. Books j fight very ehy of good performers when weight-for-ege races are the events. But when a big field and a handicap are to the fore with a good few stiff ones, some of which are as dead as if they were boiled, layers never tire. Such is my experience ; bnt to proceed with my story. ' The condition of Florence was so satisfactory and the reports so encouraging that I arrived at the conclusion that my wagers were all but won. My mental tornado had ceased ; I was again in my normal condition, the most ardent of lovers and the most dutiful -of sons. The arrangements for the wedding were almost completed. We were to be married at St. James's. Clara's uncle would give a wedding breakfast to about thirty. We were to spend a week at the Kurrajong, while mother would occupy the villa and have everything ready for us on our return. I made all my purchases for cash on delivery, and by this means obtained many concessions from the tradesmen. The Derby settlement would be over many days before I should need my money. My employers, Klopton and Co., acted very handsomely by not only granting me a fort night's leave, but also donating as a wedding gift a valu able clock which had cost at least 30 guineas. Tom Scamper and other bachelor friends were arranging to give me a little dinner. All was sunshine. According to all opi nions expressed I was the luckiest fellow in the colony. In deed, it appeared that the estimate was correct. On the very morning which brought the news that Florence and Pyrrhus had finished their Derby preparation and were both fit as fiddles, the mare especially, I received a letter from Klopton and Co. announcing their intention to add £50 a year to my salary from the 1st of the January next coming. That day I walked on air. I could not restrain my feel ings until I had despatched a boy with, notes to Clara and my mother, eo that they could have the earliest opportunity to congratulate me on my prospects. ' In the evening I received a call from no less a person age than Mr. Golding, the bookmaker. He explained to me that, as he had a bad Derby book, what he had done being nearly all against Florence, he would not mind giving me £150 to cry quits, returning to me at the same time my stake-money.- This was, indeed, a pleasing offer; but I did not say yea or nay until I had consulted Tom Scamper. Tom laughed at the idea of accepting the offer. I felt inclined to accept it, but Tom's counsel prevailed, and I informed Guiding that I had determined to stand my wagers and not hedge a cent. , . « The races were to be more than ordinarily attractive, for, as you may remember, his Royal Highness the Duke of Edinburgh was in Australia and had promised to visit the Flemington course. The Duke was at that time a thorough sportsman, and, being a great favourite with horse-owners, received several good. tips. If the business of Klopton and Co. had not tied me fast to Sydney, I believe not even Clara's attractions could have proved sufficiently strong to keep me from Flemington. But the trip was out of (he question. It would hive required a fortnight, for the railway was not far southward, and the overland journey a heavy task. Ocean-going steamers had the trade, and fares were high. Tom Scamper, by some means, managed to obtain holidays, and started for the convincing ground. Before leaving he promised to telegraph tome daily, but especially on the morning of the Derby Day. 'My affairs were progressing smoothly. There was, however, one shade cast over my path. My mother, much to the dismay of Clara and myself, was unwell. Tears before an eminent doctor had hinted that her heart was in some decree affected, and this opinion was corroborated by the medical man who visited her at the time at which I speak. ' Do not be alarmed,' eaid'he, (your mother may live for years— that igj assuming that her life is placid as it is at present; but anxiety, or what we may term worry, might bring on an attack which would in a very short time prove fatal.' ' Friday had come. Only a few honrs and it would be Derby Day. Tom had kept his word. I had received three telegrams from him, all ending iu the same way : ' 'Florence a certainty; Cup rather open.' In one telegram he informed me that'he had taken a fancy double— Florence and Nimblefoot, Derby and Cup. The owner of Nimble foot, Craig of Ballarat, a decent aoaest fellow, who never was iuoky on tfce turf, died shortly after the weights were out for the race. Strange to say, a few days before his death, he, while dreaming, fancied that he saw plainly his horse win the Cup, but on the arm of the jockey there was a black band. On the strength of the dream he backed his horse to win a thousand. I will tell you of the result further on. When parting with Clara on Friday night I bade her wish me good fortune. ? Why good fortuce ? Are we not fortunate, dearest?' ? Of course we are.' But as she knew nothing whatever about mj betting transac tions, I could not explain. I MsEed her fondly. By Jove ! it was pretty nigh being our last kiss. ' Derby morning. It had been raining in Melbourne. The course was heavy ; so said my last telegram. There was no betting on the Derby; nothing else fancied but . Florence and Pyrrhus. They were certain to run first and ' second. The business whicfi I had to do on that rooming fortunately was not of a particular nature. 1 fully believe I wrote the name of * Florence ' dozens of times, and conse quently wasted many portions of Klopton and Co.'s paper. At noon . I got off my stool and was clear tor the day. A cab brought me to Tattersall's. I had scarcely alighted before Skinhop, a bookmaker whom I knew, most oblig ingly inquired if I wanted any more Florence money. Assuming that he was joking, I replied c Yes,1 and asked the odds. ' ' Well, Mr. Johnston, to you I don't mind laj ing two to one.' ''Put me down a fiver's worth, and come in and try something.' 'It was no joke. Skinhop booked the wager, and, stranger still, before my glaes of sherry and bitters was halt exhausted I had half-a-dozen offers of Florence money. A dreadful thought flashed across my mind. '? What is the matter? Is there anything wrong ?with the mare?' ''Oh, no— nothing wrong, Mr. Johnston; only there's a telegram posted iu the room which says Mr. Tait has declared towin withPyrrhus.asthecourseiB heavy, jousse.' . , 'But I did not see. My. brain whirled, 'a choking sensation almost overpowered me ; I sank into a seat. ' ' Brandy ! a class of three -star #*» —quick!' Y ' They had not noticed my erao- j tional display. I quaffed the strong j liquid, and had sufficient strength to read a telegram which tbe barman handed to me. It was from Tom : '?All up, Fred. Tait, fancyicg thejmare cannot keep form on heavy course, declares to win with Fyrihus. Would not give a farthiDg for our chance.' ' So it was all over. My all was lost. My all— a mother's pavings, a worthy girl deluded. I should pose as a fraud — no, not that — a weak' fool, unworthy of a good woman's love or an honest man's respect. What could I do ? Do !— drink, of course. More brandy. 'I drank until my eenFes were almost benumbed. 1 joined in the vulgar chaff, and laughed at their execrable jokes. But I could not stay to hear the final news. I would go anywhere— anywhere avray from that glittering bar, which seemed in my dire misfortune -o fo mock me. The house was crowded. H alf dazed, I madeiny way to the door and stag gered along Pitt- street nny where. I turned to the left down Markot Btreet ; then across the Pyrmont Bridge. I reached a quiet- looking: public-house, and, after another.doee of brandy, sought relief in sleep. A half-sovereign given to the woman who was the Hebe on the occasion obtained for me the use of a couch. ' I slept. But it was not the rest of one wao had ♦ mixed sobriety with, wine and honest mirth with thoughts divine.' It -was the sleep ot the sot — the torpor of drunkenness. Oh ! how unlike that whjph Avon's bard bails us ' Nature's soft nurse.' Alas ! I, too, had ' frighted ' refresh ing sleep, and no more would fhe « steep mysenses in forgetfulness.' ' In this state I remained for many hours. It was midnight when I was aroused by the landlady, who, by applying cold water to my fevered brow, enabled me to comprehend my position. Link by link I gathered in the galling v chain of thought which held me as a captive. Kuin ! ruin ! ! Three hearts broken. Like one afflicted with the palsy I crept out into the darkness. ? No, no more drink.' What could I do? Where could I turn ? It was my first reverse — the first check met in what had been a fairly fortunate hones tcareer. Can you ftol sur prised that in a mind so affected the ?evil done by my one great fault was magnified? 11 1 had reached the bridge which spans Darling Harbour. The few lights around were reflected in the sluggish pool below. No living creature in view. It was then the , ? lines of Hamlet were remembered : To be or not to be, that is the queBtion Whether 'tis nobler in the mind to eufier The slings and arrows of outrageous fortune, Or to take arms agair st a sea of troubles , And by oppoging end them 1 To die to Bleep No more ; and by a sleep to say we end The heartache and the thousand natural shocks That flesh is heir to — 'tis a consumma tion *r Aievoutly to be wished. To die— to sleep. 1 'I had learned them at school. It would be better to I die. What was at my foot? A piece of waste iron, I several rxrande in weight, dropped by some careless carter. Close to it a piece of rope. What could be easier? One end of that rope to the metal, the other to my neck. My ghastly Tcorse, possibly, would never come to the surface. My mother, Clara, my friends would at least be spared the humiliation of gazing upon the remains of the unhappy self-murderer. Anywhere— why, here the problem was solved. Nervously I seized the rope, and with trembling fingers attached it to the piece of iron. 'Now — no! a few moments more.' 1 would pray one short prayer for my mother — one, too-for the dear girl I was about so cruelly to leave behind. With clasped hands. I prayed. I was startled by a gentle touch on the shoulder. ''Hullo; mate! fishing, I suppose? Any luck P I' trouble you for a match.' , ' The speaker was an honest-looking fellow in a work man's garb. Possibly that good angel I claim as my guardian had directed his steps. e ' You are out late,' I muttered ; ' here is my box.' ' ' Yes ; me and my mates 'ave 'ad a sort of a quiet spree,' said he, as he struck the match and applied it to his pipe. You see (puff puff) we had a bit of a sweep (puff puff) on E the Melbourne Derby (puff)— dash the pipe ! it won't draw I —and I drew the winner.' I ' ? Oh, 1 see; you drew Pyrrhue.' ' ? 1 did nothing of the kind, mate ; I drawed Florence.' «.'tJf,an| ^hat do y°n 8av?- l &h-;«ited, as I clutched the collar of his coat. «What did win the Melbourne Derby r ' ' Florence, h'and nothingeW. She bolted with Stanley, and against the will of her rider beat her stable-mate.' 'I staggered against the rail of the bridge. The lights aanced before me. I threw myself down beside the deadly iron end rope and wept, aye, cried like a child. ' ' Well, if this 'ere isn't the rummest go as ever I seed. Why, have you won a sweep too P' ' ' I have do&e; more, my friend/ 1 Bobbed ; « I have won ife. I am again a man. Bat are you rare the news is ' me?' ' ' You can easily find oat, for Tatt's is still open to such \- as you ; it was crowded when I left,' ''Good, night!' I exclaimed, as I started at a ran for the city. It was true. The race was described to me by an obliging metallician who had full particulars by wire. It was true that Mr. Tait, distrusting the long stride of the mare on a heavy course, cautioned the public by declaring to win with Pyrrhue, who was quite good enough to hold the field of six which started against him safe. Of course, he became a hot favourite. From the start Florence cut out the running for her stable companion. The Fawn was the only one who gave any trouble, and she was beaten after a mile and a quarter. Then the turn was reached. The mare, ridden by Charley Stanley, still kept going. Old Jemmy Ashworth on the favourite shouted, ? Take a pull, Charley !' « I am trying to,' replied Charley. But the mare would not be checked. The bit was in her teeth— the winning-post before her. Ashworth plied hia whip. It was' no use — Florence won by lengths, and the backers of Fyrrhus looked glum as mutes at a funeral. * * * * * ' « A little more claret. Ah, that is good !' ' Of course, I need not explain the rest. Golding paid e the seven csnturies and a quarter (£725) with a smile. The rise of Pyrrhus had enabled him to do the neoessary hedging. The receipt of the big Bum did not afford me half as much pleasure as that of the ten- pounder from Skinhop, who undoubtedly had taken advantage of early information and by his sharpness had lost a hatful of money. That£lO went to the charities of the city, with a trifle more. It is unnecessary to tell you that Clara and I wfere married, and that we lived happily ever after. Our first child— a jrirl— was christened Florence, not in honour of the turf— oh, no !— but so that I might have ever before me so teething to remind me of my past folly. Like Galatea, ehe is a living monument, but Pygmalion was never such a donkey as to stake his all on a horserace. ' Another surprise, too. Nimblefoot won the Cup, and the boy, true to poor Craig's dream, did wear crape on his arm. Tom Scamper won his double. And now you can readily understand why it is that I never bet. My one ?' And now you can readily underetand why it ie that I never betf' ??-??'? . r-A. Memqbabwb Dbhbt, plunge on the turf was eo close to a plunge in the briny that I think it better to leave horse-backing to those who can withstand extreme excitement. I left the turf and devoted mv attention to business. I am now a partner in the house of Elopton and Co. I leave here in three months to reside in England, so that I may. do the buying of the firm. I am happy ; but I often think, old friend, that it ?was a precious lucky thing fcr me and, perhaps, others that my casual acquaintance who slapped me on the back one dark night on the Pynnont Bridge WAS a bmoxeb.' 