The Jewel of Peace. Br ins Bsr. 0 H. Sbcbobok. •Now tho Lonl or Pcnco himself rivo yon ponce .w„, ,ndbynllincnnB. The lord bo. with yon nil.'. ^•jkoasalonUns Ili 16.' LaT us look at the many-sided-blessing,— Cjl,e lord of peace himself give you | neace' Some have thought to restrict tho ox {Union to peaco within the church, smco dis orderly member* wovo evidently increasing among the Thessnloninmj); but that is a very .batoned and niggardly" interpretation, and it is never wise to narrow the meaning of God a word Indeid, such a contracted , explanation cannot be borne, for it does not appear that the disorderly persons mentioned in tho chaptor had . „«*v ei^Ai'nl Hwfurhwnno • t.h«v *« Tot created any special disturbance: thay had been quietly fattening ,at tho expense of their canorous rrethron and would not r.o very eager to quarrel with tho i-anlt from which they fed. Although no doubt church quiet is in- 1 eluded as one variety of poaco, yet it would be a tsd dwarfing of tho mea ing of tho Spirit to consider ono phase of tho blessing to the neglect of the rest. No, tho poace bore meant is ' tho dsep tranquillity of a soul resting on 3od,' the quiot restiulncss of spirit which is the peculiar gift of .God, and tho choice privilege of ilia hdlever. ' Great poaco have ail they that love thy law, and nothing shall offend them.! ■ The peaco of the text is' a gem with many fmsfn'bnt in considering; its many-sidedness wsniurt remember that it-i main bearing is to wsrd God. The deepest, but t, nnd moot worthy pmcs of the soul is its rest towards the Lord • Ood himself. I trust wo know this, nnd arc enjoying it at this moment Wo are no longer jirsid cf God: the sin which divided ns from him is blotted.out, and tho distance which it encted has to bo. Tho atonem-nt has wrought per/set reconciliation and established over lasting peace. Tho terrors of God's law are effectually romovod from us, and instead thereof we feel the drawings of liis love. Wo sre brought nigh by tho atoning sacriffce, and . hare pence with God through Jesus Christ our lord. We know that all his thoughts to us aro thoughts of love and we bless his na .ee that our tboughts toward him are no longer those of the ihre towards a t:skmaater, or of n criminal to wards a judge, but those of a beloved child to wards a lind and tender father. Fervent love reigns in our hearts, costing out all fear sod csusing us to joy m God by our Lord Jtiui Chris'. Th is is a great blessing. It it lurriy a choice delight for a man to know that whether he prospers'or 'ia" afflicted, Whether he lirsa or diet, there is nothing between God and him bnt perfect amity j for all that offends hsi been effectually put away. Beloved, when the apostle wishes us peace in tho words of onr text, he no doubt means that ourhiarts should be at perfect peace, by being placed folly in acoord with tho will of God ; for, alas, we have known aomo, who we hope sre forgiven and are God's children, who never thelesi quarrel with God very sadly. Tliey ore not pleased with what he docs, but oven com plain that ho deals hardly with them: they are naughty children, and carry on & sort of sullen contention-with their heavenly Father, becttue ho does not indulge tlmm in all their whims and fancies. Now may tho Lord of peace put an end to all such griovous warfare of heart m his people. May you love tho Lord so well and trust him so fully that you could not pick • quarrel with him, even if ho smote you and bruised you and broke your bones. Whatever he docs is not ouly to be accepted with sub mission, but to bo rejoiced in. That which pleases him should please us. Then hare wo perfect peaco which wo can magnify and praieo the Lord even for tho sharp cuts of his rod nnd the ucnm fires of his furnace. May tho Lord hnng us into this .tate, -for thero is no joy like ^11 perfect peaco with God is heaven below, iv brethren, we reach a little further , than reconciliation nnd submia.-ion, for wo corns into the enjoyment of conscious com *«fJ. There are mon who aro at peaco: with God as to the forgiveness of sin. and in a measure are in accord with his will, but they *« not tfalkiqg carefully in the path of obo jence, and so they are missing tho aenso of mnne love. God ia th-ir Father, and Ho ores them, but He hides His face from them ; (JILT »co?tMI3rto Him, and ao Ho walke them. Wo rannot considor such a eondiUon to be one of ti e fullest pence. The tli'i"!?' state of mind is enjoyed when ."!nd "'e or8 daily oloansed by tl,« h ?°- l'10re " nothing to grieve Wa ?£ flod« «>d therefore the with "Sht ■ to favour his child m.»j: °f bis countenance in full fihaif!?r 'J1'"1''01". G how blosaod to bask in i dmiVt i i-U *,'"'10V!i1t'fi l.vo, froo from alt IntL ,ognomJre conscience of sin! bstvrln ''is-8 vonsciouB favour lios tho rest of firs ui'tti' ' bord of all peace himself ftTMis this peacn W^in^c"8."8'" '? ,forKircu. » the sweet b, Miv Uf | n therefore, being justified c^'S"6 P^o with God.' place bo *ith tls-a .rar^ li> rfloow-ed| and mndo to ttgreo q°A i' th? Wv^ed result of Ufa ,n i' f°,r |o bo apiritually minded is ^idouaSfT" becanso tho soul i, ' Precious , object of divine lore, is wl.icli i» tv. ' ui'ou tho spirit of adopt ion, "CSW P^O Brethren "ili jou always, P0"6 w'tb God be Now we look further end nolo that this peace spreads itself abroad and coyora all things with its soft light. God is great, and filleth all things, and ho who becomes at peaco with him is at poaco with all things else. Being recon ciled to God, the believer aays—All things are mine, whethor things present or things to come; all aro mine, for I am Christ's and Christ is God's. Behold the Lord has mado us to be in league with the stones of the field, and tho besets of tho field ore at peace with us. Provi dence is our pavilion, and angola arc our attendants. All things work together for our good, now that we love God and are the callod according to his purpose. No longer aro we afraid for the torror by night, nor for tho arrow that flieth by day, nor for the pettilenco that vralkelh in darkness, nor for the destruction which wasteth at noon day. Behold the Lord God covoroth us with his feathers, end under his wings do we trust; his truth is our shield and buckler : because we have set our love upon him ho doth deliver us, and lie doth sot us on high because wo havo known his name. At peaco with the. Lord of hosts we aro at posce with all the atmtes of tho universe, in alliance with all tho forces which muster at Jehovah's biddirg Though wa must be at war with Satan, yet even he is chained and mado as a slave to accomplish purposes of good contrary to his own wilL 'There is neither in heaven nor earth nor hell anything that we noed fear when we are once right with Gr.d. Settle the ccatre, and the circumferonce is secure; peace with God is universal peace This practically shows itself in the Christian's inward peace with regard to his present circum stances, be they what they m y. Being at poece with Pod ho Bees the Lord's band in everything around him, and is content, la he poor ? The Lord makes him rit-h in faith, erd lis ask not for gold. Is he sick? The Lord eu: ddwa him vri h patience, and Lc gloriei m bis afflictions. Js he 1-itl aside from the holy service .which he so. much loves? He FerL that the Lord knows host. If lie night be actively'eugeyed in doing'God's will, he will be very thankful, and rna with diligence the race set before him; but if he must lie in the liOipitel, and suffer rather than serve, he does not wish to put his own wishes before the will of bis Jfafter, but he loavos himself in tho Lord's hands, saying, ' Lord, do as thou wilt with me. I am bo at peace with Thee that if Thou uso ino I will bless thee, and if Thou lay me atfide I wiil bless The?; if Thou spare my life I will bless Thee, and if Thou bring me down to the grave I wi!l bless Thee ; if Thou honour me among men I will bless Thee, and if thou mako me to be trodden under foot like Btraw for the dunghill I will still bless thee; for thou art everything, and I am nothing, thou'art all goodness and I am sin and empti ness.' The soul which thus has perfect peace as to all its personal surroundings is indeed happy; it is lying down in green pastures be tide tho still waters. • , Blessed be God this peace is mainly to be found in the soul itself as to its own own thoughts, beliesings, hopings, expectations. and desires. \ We have not only peace towards the onter world, but peace within. After all, happiness and peace lie more within the man than in anything abont him. Heaven lies more in the heart than in golden streets, and hell's flame consists rather in man's tortured con science than in the Tophet fire which tho breath of God has kindled. So tho peace which Jesus gives is within ns; ' the good man is satisfied from himself.' Some minds are strangers to peace. How c*n they havo peaco,* for they have no faith ? They are as a rolling thing before the whirlwind, having no fixed basis, no abiding foundation of belief. These are the darlings of the school of modorn thought, whose disciples set themselves as indus triously to breed doubt as if salvation came by it. Doubt and bo saved is their gospel, and who does not see that this is not the gospel of peace r Forsooth they are receptive, and aro peering about for fresh light, though long sgo the Suo of Righteousness has arisen. Such uncertainty suits mo not. I must know something or I can not live: I must be sure of something or I have no motive from which to act. God never* meant us to live iu perpetual questioning. His' revelation is not and cannot ba that shapeless cloud which philosophical divines make it out to bo. Thero must be something true, and Christ must have oomo into the world to teach us something saving and reliable ; bo cannot mean that we should bo always rushing through hogs and into meraeeos after the will-of-the wiap of intellectual religion. There is assuredly some ascertainable, infallible, revealed truth for common people; there muBt be something sure to. rest upon. I know that it is so, and declare unto you what I havo heard and seen. There are great tru'hs which tho Lord has engravon upon my very eeul, concerning which all the men on earth and all tho devils in hell cannot shake me. As to these vital doctrines, an immovable and unconquerable dogmatism hqs laid bold upon my soul, and therefore my mind has peace. A man's mmd must come to a settlement upra eternal truths by tbe teaching of the Holy Ghost, or else he cannot know what peace is I would ask for eTory one of my brethren that they may find an anchorage of mind anil. heart and nev.-r leave i'. We have been often spoken of as an old fashionod church, and your minister is said fo bo Uttimtui 1'uri tanorum, the last of the Puritan;, a man in capable of any thought bryond the limit of the old-fashioned theology. 1 bless tho Lord that it is even so. I am indeed incapable of for eakiug the gospel for these new-fangled theories. Down went my anohor j oars ago; it was a groat relief fo mo when I first felt it grip, and it is a growing joy to me that I know whom 1 growing joy t Iibto believed, and am persuaded that he is able fo keep that which I navo committed to him. Pretensions to original thought I have never mqdo. I iuront nothing 1 only toll the old, old story as God on&hlos; me. ' Ah,' said a pertain divins to me eue day, 1 it must bo -fory easy to you to presah because you know what you are going to Bay; your views aro fixed and stereotyped. As for me,' he said,11 am always seeking after truth, and I: do not know ono week what I may preach tho next.' Thus spoak the teachers—do you wonder if the' disciples wander into scepticism? ' Has tho I/ord taught tho man nothing of sure truth ? Tiien let him wait till he hoe received Li, mes sago. Till' he knows the gospel in his own heart experimentally as the power of .God unto salvation let him sit on tho penitent form and ask to bo prayed.for,; but never outer a pulpit. What are the churches at to tolerate these' sowers of infidelity? Time; was when the fathers in our Israel would have chased from their pulpits those who glory in the unbelief which is their Bhamo. May tho Lord of pence himself giro you p:ace as to your personal beiiefs and conrictions, and then when you get into deep waters of trial and sorrow you will cay,' All, I did believe tho right doctrine after all. I can feel the grip of my anchor oa the things unseen. I have n'-t boen deceived. 1 have not followed cunningly devised fables, for tho promise is. true and I feel the power of it, it sustains and cheers and comforts mo under all my trials, and I know that it will do so even to my dying hour.* May every troubled thinker find the peace of faith and never lose it. Many minds are for ovtr rest less as to their fears. It is a great thing to know w)iat you tromble at, for when you know what you fear your fear is half goue. The indefinable shape, tho mysterious hand which has no arm, but writes upon t.ho wait in Strang" characters,— tho cloudiness of all things dreaded makes ills mind more restless. But blessed is the man to whom the Lord has taught bis fear; so that he kuows what he fears, and does not permit his hopes to be in perpetual eclipse. Of this many sided peace we must say some thing more. The 'IhMsiloniari church had been troub'ed three ways. Thoy hod been persecuted from without. That is i;ot a plea sant thing, but tho apostle «dys, 'You that are troubled vest with pj. Jiow, whan the lord Jesus Christ save to a persecuted saint, 'I am with you: all the evil which is doue unto you is ao'.e unto mo, and you are bearing it for my name's sake,' then, beloved, no persecution can iireak-tho po&oe;^of the soul, but rather the sufferer ro-, joiecs and is exceeding glad that he is counted worthy, net only to believe in Christ, hut to Buffer for his tike. - Nov!, tho Thessalosiau church was annoyed by certain false teachers. They did not abso lutely teach novel doctrine, but upon a basis of truth they erected an edifice of error- They exaggerated que special truth, and carried its teaching to extravagance. Thoy said, Christ is coming, therefore the day of tho Lord is immediately at hand. Thoy belonged ; to that order of fanatics who are always rwviug about' the signs of the times,' and pretending to kr.ow what will happcn*ithinthen»xt twonty years. There were impostors of that sort in Paul's day, and the-o aro such impostors now. Believe them not, they can see no more of the future than b'ind horses, I put them all to gether as impostors, whether they are preachers nr literary hacks, for no man knoweth the future, and no man can tell bis fellow about it. I cars no more for their explanations of prophecy than for the pre tended winking of the eyes of the Madonna; yet will they continue to cheat, and will be saying, one this thing, and another that, that this and that wonder shall happen, and that torrible judgments shall overwhelm our nation, 1 ho apostle would not 1 ave the Thpssa lonians disturbed in their minds by fears about the future. Brethren in Christ, the most terrible fact of the future can be no just cause of alarm to a true believer. The Lord com forts his people, and there is nothing in his ' plana or purposes which is intended to disquiet them You may rest assured that if any doc trine in the Bible prevents a godly man from onjoying peace it must be because he has not yet understood it fully, or else has mistaken its bearing towards himself. Truth mult minister peace to true men. All truth, whether doctrinal or prophetic, is on tho side of the children of God ; how can it be otherwise P Tbo apostlo tolls tho The ssrionisns not to be disturbed about the coming of Christ. ' The -Lord be with you all,' saith he, and if the Lord be with us, what matters it to us whether he personally comes at once or chooses to delay ? Wo should bo looking for lus comirg, but not with alarm for the fact that he has come already is a well- spring of delight: We glory in his first advont, and d> not dread the second: since we are already raised up into the heavenly places to sit with Mm by faith, what matters it to us whether he is up there or dowa here, or whether we aro in heaven or on earth, so long as wo abide in hjm. There may arise, possibly tbero will arise, wild fanatlos who will again spread alarming news about wars and rumours of wars, and select somo fatal year as the end of all thirgs. Well, if such things should be, if crowds should go into the wilderness or into the city to look for tho coming of Christ, believe them not, but sit ye still in peace and tranquillity of spirit and say, 'My soul loves him and ho loves me. He cannot mean ill of me whether lie destroys the earth or spares it Though the heavens pass away and the earth itself melt with fervont heat, my heart is resting in her Lord and knows herself to bo secure,1 Thus the Lord saves his people from the disturbance caused by false teaching, There were also in the church disorderly characters, people that went about spreading idle talcs and gossiping. They would not do anything for a living, and so they set people hy tho ears. But whou the Lord gives a Christian man deen spiritual penco within, he soon puts aside the small nuisances of idle tongues and disorderly deeds. Ho refuses to ba worried. Mosquii:es buzs around er«ry Christian church, and blessed is the man whs tires rot fiol toeir bite or heed their buzzing; his soul shall dwell at ease. Pease from church troublers is a great blessing, and wo ought to praise God for it when we are in the enjoy* ir.ent of it, for ■ strife "within the church, like civil war, is the worst of warfare. O to live in holy love and unbroken concord in referenoe to all onr fellow Christians; May the Lord of peace grant ns this. Thus, you see, the peace which is here spoken of has many.sides tp.it, .May yon possess it in all its forms, modes, and phases, andlmay your spirit enter into the peace of God which passelh all understanding. 