SECOND ADVENT OF CHRIST. A number of meetings-^-devotional, confe rential, and social — of Christians interested in the second advent of Christ were held in the Bentham-street Charjel on Tuesdav. each of whicn was well attended, notwitnstandmg the inclement state of the weather, by mem bers of different Christian denominations. The principal engagement was the annual Conference, held during the afternoon under the presidency of Pastor Jacob Abbot, the devotional service by which it was preceded being conducted by Mr. H. D. Smith. In opening the Conference the Chairman ob served that the momentous question of the second coming of Christ had not re ceived that amount of attention from Christians generally which its importance and the prominence given to it in the Bible warranted. _ Addresses were also delivered on various subjects connected with the Conference by the Rev. A. W. Webb and Messrs. Woolcock and H. Hussey. The firstnamed discussed the question whether the second .coming of the Lord would precede the conversion of the world ; the second quoted Scripture testimony as to the development of infidelity in the last days of the present dispensation ; while the third discussed, the 'great tribulation of those who are to pass through it.' A friendly dis cuBsion followed each subject, in which several ministers and others took. part. After tea, at which -a large number were present, a final meeting was held, presided over by Mr. J. Lees, at' which addresses were delivered by the Revs. J. K. Macintjre, ? Messrs. W. R. Hiddlestone, and R..E. Finlayson, the last-named gentle man discoursing on the ' Church of God and her coning glory' with great flaency. He suggested. -that the effect of such a belief, on the body of a Christian would in some mysteri ous way be to produce a change which would enable ic to rival the Lord's power of acting coritrarj to all known laws of gravitation, etc., by rising in the air at the trumpet call. The most interesting address was that de livered by- the Kev. Mr. Macintyre on the ' Signs of the approaching . end of the age.' After a passing, thrust at Swedehborgianism, whose doctrine of the spiritual advent, as opposed to a personal one wai, he held, overthrown by the an nouncement of the coming of the 'Son of Man,' and not of the Holy Ghost, the speaker proceeded to ' enumerate the many eminent men, .including Spurgeon and Moody, who believed in a personal advent, and who were in a state of expectancy waiting for His coming. The most pro mising sign of the near advent was, in his opinion, the condition of expec tancy b which bo many gospel-loving Christiais were. .The early Christians also asiumed a similar expectant atti tude, bit there was no similarity between the two periods, as in the former the prophecES had yet to be fulfilled. While dwelling on this part of his subject he laid particukr stress on the 'fact', that a state of . expettancy would-be stamped on the resurrected bodies of those who ' fell asleep' awaitin^His coming', which he held out as a special ndueement to continue expecting, for whenas they might gain much they could lose notiipg. He considered the world had at.last arrived at that final period, portrayed by the feet of the image in the vision of Nebuchadnezzar j and in the present state of dissenslou and distrust among the nations' of Europe, which promised to bring about a transformation in the map of the world by means of confederacies, indeed he ihonght be saw the. 'five toea' of the image about to meet with, their destined ! ' ' .-.-?. ?_? .. . fulfilment, ana AeriJtKe end would be near, i 3.S for FreetEinkera_and~iHB3ils, He likened their_blasr)hemies to the insolent whistlings pf penny trumpets, which would Tie- drowned'1 py tbe melodious tibnnderings of ^theniillen'- nium drums. The speaker then proceeded to denounce; the national rejection' of the Word of God as being- as bad in its - way, a3 the rejection -by the Jew* of the ^incarnate word, and. as Bare to~ meet with its just' -retribution. Among other things. ' which excited: the1 :rev.v gentleman's ire was the laxity of Chris ban Churches generally,' of which the iudugl iag in a dance by the members of a Sunday school after a concert on ? a recent occasion in one of the suburbs was an example in point. Icterspeised with the addresses were bankevs eones.-sung by the conerecation. 