THE CONTRIBUTOR. THE PHANTOM HORSEMAN. By " Whaler." " There are more things in heaven and earth, Uoratio, than are drcampt or In thy philosophy.''-Suake- BPEiUlE. I may preface the following true story by stating that I have not, and never bad, any belief in the supernatural. I reckon ghosts the myths of the superstitious; spiritualism arrant humbug ; and the so-called supernatural appearances and extraordinary "manifestations" of which we hear so much, merely the natural result of mental weakness imposed upon by trickery. As Professor Pepper says, all the singular phenomena may be accounted for by science, and have been proved to be produced by human jugglery. As far as ghosts are concerned, I would as lief sleep in a church- yard as in an hotel, were it not for the inconvenience caused by the hardness of a tombstone for a pillow, and feel sure no respectable ghost would reseut my intrusion into his "prison-house." Spirits I am prepared to believe in whenever they will give over such schoolboy pranks as rapping table-legs, clashing musical instruments, &c.;, aud will volunteer to do something useful to humanity—such, for instance, as give an unfortunate "whaler" the correct tip for the next Melbourne Cup. Supposing, lor example, a spirit had given me the certain information a month ago that Beach was to defeat Hanlan, look at the pile I could have made ! I should have founded a "Spirits' Retreat" with portion of my winnings, aud provided the " poor perturbed spirits" with chairs, baujos, tambourines, &c.;, ad lib., ior their recreation. But I wander from my subjeet. It was in Tasmania, about sixteen years ago, that I saw my ghost, whom I term the " Phantom Horseman." The title is a purely fanciful one, for I no more believe that he was a ghost than I believe in Dr. Barnett's kangaroo theory. The time was midnight. It was pitchy dark, and inky thunderclouds covered the sky and hung over the earth like a pall. I waB riding homewards, to a place called the " Beud" (not the Yarra Bend, dear reader), situated on the North Esk River. It beiug late, aod the storm threatening, I urged ray horse to a hand-gallop, and just as I turned into a narrow lane about a mile from home the storm burst in all its fury. Torrents of rain descended, peals of thunder deafened me, and flash alter flash of sheet lightning, at intervals of a lew seconds, lit up the scene and rendered every object as plainly visible as at midday. The lane I was riding in was merely a very narrow bridle-track —so narrow that in galloping along my feet brushed againBt the gorse hedges on either side of me. There was no room for even a sheep to pass between me and the hedge. About half-way up the lane a flash of lightning more vivid thau usual lit up the scene, and to my horror it shewed me another horseman a few paces in front of me, also riding full gallop, and coming from the place to which I making. The lightning's flash enabled mi see everything clearly. The man was mounted on a grey horse, aud was dressed in a lightgrey tweed suit, felt hat pressed down over his eyes, and top-boots. He had no overcoat. The first thing that struck mc was that a collision was inevitable. He was only a couple of horses* lengths distant; we were both riding fast, and there was not the slightest possibility of passing one another. I involuntarily shut my eves and pulled my horse back on his haunches. A couple of seconds' suspense, and nothing happening, T ventured to open my eyes again. Another flash of lightning came, and hey, presto ! my horseman was gone ! Now, what was the phantom, or where did he get to 1 It was impossible for him to pass me, and equally impossible ior him to turn and go back without my seeing him, for the lane for half a mile ahead was straight as a gun-barrel, and the lightning plainly shewed me the white gate at the end. Nor could he have got on or through the hedge. Besides, had he been a real live horseman, what would he want to try and dodge out ol the way for ? 