Missionary Progress. II. Baxibb it tub Hebald " ■ [Liyo planted, Apollos watered; but God gavo the increase.1—I. Corinthians 3, 6. PAUL and Barnabas continued for some time at Antioch 1 teaching and preaching the Word of the Lord.' These wero not the only teachers in Antioch, there were many others also. It was probably a kind of rchool of the prophets ciravn together by the Holy Ghost; an advanced gua'd of tho Church. But new ground must be broken up, and true mis sionary work done. Accordingly 'after some days, Paul slid unto Barnabas, let us go ogain and visit our brethren in every city where we have preached tho Word of the Lord, and see how they do.' Hot lung is told us ne to whether this purpose proceeded from Paul or from the Lord - When they had first gone forth into missionary labour it was at the decided coll of the Holy Ghost to just that work at that time (Acts xiii 2); now Paul says,' Let us go' Per haps in the one instance we are permitted to see behind the Bcencs, and in the other it is not given to ub Then follcrws ono of the saddest things in the history of the early church, the contention of these two honoured men of God. ■' Barnabas determined to take with them John, whose surname was Mark.' Ibis was in accordance with the spirit of a man who bo-e tho name, • eon of consolation.' Barnabas would see the grace of God equal to restore Mark. Paul saw fcow grievously he hid wronged the cause by leaving it as he did, and felt that it was good discipline for him to-be left at home, nnd not put immediately again into a position of trust Satan is always busy in reeking to separate Christian workers. One may undoretand God's leadings, and another, naturally far more gifted, may judge of them from a human standpoint and look upon them as dolusion. Satan will make'everything appear in a wrong light on either side, in order to bring about contention. Again, one worker may have some thing of idolatry for another, may want to occupy himself with the other whether he desires it or not, may feel almost jealous that even God should have intercourse with the other which he has not _ Sometimes, as in the present instance, something arista in which G'd alone can rightly decide. For either to give way would appear to be wronging conscience But, how easy for bith to be willingly fools, willingly withdrawing all opinion, all prejudice, to let the Lord Him«elf show His mind This is the only way to unity. God, however, over ruled this painful and most unchristlike conten tion. It was so sharp that these two men, called of the Holy Ghost to work togetner, separated. But by this means four mission aries were at work instead of two: Barnabas and Mark in Cyprus, and Paul, who chose Silas in the place of Barnabas, departed, beiog recommended by'the brethren to the grace of God ' And he went through Syria and Oilicia confirming the churches." But God's overruling of this thing did not make it right, and did not lessen- the injury it hie dune through many ages to such as justify their own contention-from the example of these men o! old. There is always room for unity if every thing is referred to Jesus, and tho will of all the parties concerned is indeed. renounced God's way is always po.fect; and if we yield to his way He will make our way porf«ct. Self is always at tho bottom of contention. While we are'comp'etcly yielded up to God we can trust Him to bring us right if we aro in the wrong, or others whom we work with, if they happen to be in the wrong. Contention comes from taking the matter into our own hands. Satan says, 'But if so and so does not yield, such and such things will happen.' And so it seoms But if God is equal to undertake all the conssquenco-of our fully trusting Him; we have nothing to fear. Thank God,' wo have nothing to do with past experience whan we are dealing with God; He 1 nows how to do' a now thing in tho earth;' ' Behold, I make all things new' (Hcv. xxi. 5) Paul's journey w&3 from Antioch northward, and then through the forth of Asia Minor, ' confirming the churches' His purpose bad been to confi-m I hose churches which he had found- d. A mongst tlieni was doubtless that of Tarsus, his birthplace, where God would give messages for his own family. We are not told wills wil t result this visit was. On coming for tho third tiuio to Uerbe and Lystra, Paul, made acquaintance with Timothy, whom he afterwards culled 'my own eon in tho faith (1 Tim i. 2). and of whom ho wrote -to the Philippines, 'I bwo no man likeminded, who will naturally care for your state,' (Phil. ii. 20) Timothy was an cxceptim to those who 'all seek their own; not the things which ore Jesus Christ's.' Timothy was already a disciplo, but was probably vury young at this time. It was only about eight years since the Gospel had been preached in Lystra and the young Timothy bed had the greatest advantages in having a godly mother and grand mother, who, from hie childhood, instructed him in the Holy Script ures,in addition to which he was possessed of 'unfeigned faith,* and ho was "well reported of by tho brethren that were at Lystra and leoniuin.' He was a God prepared instrument, and as such Paul recog nised bim. Whether it was tho leading of God or human policy which led Paul to circnmciso him, we know 'not, the only reason given is, faS'! iEfi Vra. thoi.gb F.uI were JSV°l»™3™kaiy* I" ">dl« » JJ u L^ilv There are lost ones enough all SSKto'Jk'amongst, there SVe'ti^^g'h'rneed healing: r^spMsggS sHSS&te; «i»n*rt>n ' Ho i* fabhful and Will nob "fail to ahoV where the hitch is, and how to proceed iUTjUt*r the little increased company had gen ^ 4 °rdKiVftmde Otttia1: workers Mck agaihit any hindrance to their I fu„rp and thev cannot conceive or His wanting them'iu any other work. God wanted Paul in n i.n*. t,fl did a ercat deal of trying to work in Asia' before he was still enough to j understand the mind of the lord. Sometime. God takes away tho voice of a workerandin ?«-?' riw'".^'i '"i"'"»™ •« lalticg aoS 10 PraTer°' fl° **?' go to doctor after doctor try remedy after remedy, seek climate after climate, that he mayget cured, and return to his beloved wo-™ ifut it may be that work is now mean, fnr others and God has a needs bo to omploy him in quite another kind of work Or>.*». eircnm'tances, and not want of hoattn, may hind r'a worktf from the service which lie has loved, and he frets against them and chafes as though both he and Ohiisc were wronged, while all the time God iVbe l'°d, camstsnces, end ts seeking to trach Hi chUd precious ressons, which in all tho lmstie of 1 active service avo not so easily le"°od- V. how much time,how much sorrow, how much suffering should we save ourselves if:wo took up the position of Habakkuk, 'I will stand | upon my watch, and set me upon the tower, i and will watch to see what He will say unto me, and what I shall answer when I am re Paul had boen directed what he should not ,; but was still not clear as to what he was do But the. Holy Ghost restrained him hen "attempting to go into Bithynia, and so •pt them straight in their ccurso towards the est coast, until thoy camo to Troas, the old ty ef Troy, and a seapoit. Tnen a definite section was givon Paul in a Tision. There ood a man of Macedonia, and prayed him, ivine, Come over into Macedonia, and help j.' This waa enough; hi had KOt hisciue ad could go straight forward. Iyrish X got learer direction from God, one ° 'M he"a lid. The Lord keeps us humble m this iing as ia aU others, and specially do endent upon -Him. Many arc loft un uided, because they are not sura ^ God i wlllinf? to guide them; they have pot i aken it as an established fact that He has ■ mdertaken to guide them, and to they H'1.1"0, n unrest seeking to help Him by adding bits of tumau wisdom, nohabsolutcly depending upon dim. His promise is'l will guide thee with Sine eyehut this implies cloio attention on >ur part. One look away, and Iho uiding ,lanca maybe missed But nothing is bo iweelly rc=tful as God's guidance, aU sense of responsibility about the thing in which God s guiding us passes from us to Him. His will is lovely, perfect, good, acceptable, and O, how pos'ibhi! Hero was our God providing for the evangelisation of the continent of Kurope whe& wo dwell, and most surely He made provision for tho young churches in Asia too. The Sr. Groups P.itnwiY. Saturdays Warwick Examiner and Timet »oysi— The people of Dalby and the peoplo of Boma con tinue to Struggle hard for the St. Gcorgo rail way Iho residents of tho first-named place Uavo presented a petition ' to X arlisment aettirg forth u series of reasons any tbe l no should start from that town, and declaring that Dalbv is tho most suitable point of junc.uro; and the Eoma p-ople are up m arms and have held a public meeting, at whtco the first res lutinn declared ' that the shortest, least expensive, and moat direct route to Ht. George, front any point <>u the Southern ucd Western Hallway is by a lino direct from Boma.' The apt!alien mDalby andKoma ia proviag the advantage of tho Wurm.k route in ever; war, therefore wo should fool luaniful to our friends for as i'.tuu us. Wo commend to them a study of the agricultural roturns of the Warwick and Dalby districts, iccontly called for by Mr. Kates, the member for Dar lino Downs. 91m undeniable nrgunsett of fiwes therein gircn, added to tho facta thoy tlicmeclves have adduced show plainly that ho Warwick route is far above all others for the general benefit of tbo colony. The Hooii Silver Mitfiw —Nothing very new concert ting- the alleged discovery has come to li.dit Wo learn from too Wetlern Jtlar that tho party who went out to Xngune Greek lias brought hack Bamo ore with tliom. Ita valuo has not yol been ascertained. This oro wee discovered some fifty miles from thei place wh- ro Hurley states he etruck silver. Doubt end unurt-vnty still scorn to rest on the sub ject. Thb Spoil to thb Yiotobb.—The begin, ning of the end of the relative positions of Cairns and Pott Douglas' in the future was manifested in a trilling incident which took place on Thursday, September 11, on the Wartogo at Fairway Buoy. Copies of the newspaper containing the telegram announcing the final decision respecting the railway were as usual, sent on board, when shortly after the news bad become disseminated six steerage passengers, booked for Port Douglas, intimated to tbe etoward their intention of disembarking at Cairns, and remarked as they left the versel that as they were in search of work Cairns would now be the most likely plaoo to furnish them with it, certainly Port Douglas would not need a greater supply of labour. The action of those few men is only an indication of what must take place on a muoh greater soale as the time for the commencement of the line draws near, and foreshadows the rapid growth of this port at tho expense of the more northern town.— Cairns Post, September 18. The Pandoha Sugae Piaktatiok.— A very general feeling of regret has been enter tained at the collapse of the Pandora Sugar Company. At a meeting of the shareholders last week it was determined that the only oourse left to tho directors was to. place its affairs in liquidation. It has suffered, like other concerns of the kind, from the want of capital. The more immediate causo of disaster was the failure of tho contractors for crushing machinery to supply it within the time stipu lated. By tho;r default a year's crop, with the proceede of which it was hoped things might be kept moving till another season, was lost. The collapse of tho company is to bo deplored, be cause of tho injurious effect it will have on the industry in this part of the oclony. Much sym pathy is felt for Mr. Macdonald, the plantation manager, whose efforts to put life into the con cern are deserving of all praise. It is certainly not bis fault the obstacles have proved insur mountable —Boeihunpton Bulletin. INTBEB3TING Bklics. -The Aramae Mail eaye:—"As the workmen were putting down the holes for tho blocks of Mr. Ahern's new residence at Muttaburra they dug up an old fashioned double-barrelled pistol, one barrel above the other, at a depth of 3 feet from the surface. The handle was rotted away, and the iron- work wasyery much ruBted. The ground showed no signs of having been disturbed, and there was nothing to indicate to whom the weapon had belonged, or how long it had been buried. Perhaps a further search might dis cover other relics even more valuable than those in tho possession of Mr. Skuthorpe." 