Sss&n;£t$ cutties- rs. CBy Comus.) our legislators Are getting along with their business in a very humdrum, slowgoing sort of way. On Tuesday a number of the Ministers and members attended the mayor's picnic at Glontarf ; and many of them, I regret to say, looked upon the wine when it was red. Thev were so hilarious in the Assembly upon their return that they wouldn't consent to do any legislative work ; and an adjournment until the next week had, accordingly, to be made. On Wed nesday again much tune was lost in Supply over trivial discussions upon the proposed vote for the Education Department. As usual, Messrs. A- G. Taylor and M'Elhone pursued their obstructive tactics ; and tho House, after having sat until about 3 o'clock in the morning, rose without having dis posed of any large portion of the work which had been set before it, Thursday night saw the "same old game " repeated. There was some excitement, indeed, over a charge of immorality which had been preferred against a pupil teacher, who, it seems, seduced a pupil of about 14 years of age. The teacher was dismissed. He married his victim; and eye-glass Reid re-appninted him to a school in the district where his indiscretion took place. A number of members very strongly condemned tliis proceeding, and the Government came in for some hard knocks. Mr. Poole especially was very severe. Ho said that Mr. G. H, Reid, of East Sydney fame, had been a most miserable, weak- kneed, and pitiable Minister. This, you see, comes of wearing an eye-glass, aud dressing after the most approved Masher style, ' miscellanea. The Salvationists have opened new barracks in Newtown. At the inaugural ceremony "Major" . Sutherland announced that the barracks were tied!-' eated in the name of the Holy Ghost and "General" Booth ! This will remind you, sir, of that West India darkey, who, at a communion service, when . the cup was about to he presented to him, cheer fully chirped "Fill it up, inassa priest ; I lub de Lord, aud don't care a who knows what it is." Both the "majali" and the "niggar" were very profane. Hanlan, on his way out to G'oogee the other afternoon, was taken into a well- known sporting hostelry at Randwick. A husky old stableman was heard asking admission to see the champion oarsman. The door was at once opened, when the husky one said "Is it really him ? May I shake hands ?" "Why, certainly," replied the genial sculler. With great emotion the husky one exclaimed "How do you suit the climate, Mr. Hanlan ?" Amid mnoh laughter the " stable " Mr. Malaprop withdrew. A local satirist remarks that Tennyson ceased writing poetry some years ago, and has been rewarded with a peerage. He very properly points out that this ought to be a good lesson for our local bards from Phil M'Car- roll's " mutton chops " poet don-n to Sir 'Knry, of 44 Murmur of the Streams " celebrity. St. Pat rick's Day passed off with the least little suspicion of broken heads, Copeland, the dyspeptic one, ires brave enough to attend the banquet, a'nd received an enthusiastic welcome, which certainly wiped out last year's disgrace. The speeches at the dinner were "so so." And, for that day only, "blue" ribbon gave place to the darling bit o' green. Brett, our champion amateur sculler, has aocepted the challenge of Woods, of Footscray (Viq.), to row upon the Parramatta River shortly. Brett licked Woods easily last year, and will da so again. He's in grand form, and Irishes to row Arthur Fittes, the Victorian champion, who rather arrogantly claims to be the champion of all Australia. The Sydney Bullet in has got a slap in the face. The libel aetjou brought against it by Mr. E. Russell Daunt was settled just as the case was about to be tried in the Supreme Court on Thursday. The proprietors of the paper in question agreed to pay Mr. Daunt £300 as a sort of rolatium for having said some nasty things about liim many moons ago. The Sydney Musical Union is to be brought to life once again. Methinks 'twill keep above water for about twelve months, and then sink more deeply than ever. Sydney loves to hear the clink of " yellowboys " much more than the clashing of cymbals, the braying of brasses, the scraping of fiddles, and the lilting of lutes. 'Twas ever thus 1 My. E. W. G'Soo-livan, bedad, savs that if Dibbs can't raise the cash to carry on the public works, of the colony, he'd 1 setter resoign ; and, faith, The O'Soolivan will do it for bis adopted counthry in one month. As the E. A'nrs observes, this is very good. But who's to set New South Wales right after O'Soolivan lias handled her for a month 'I Kendall's grave. Isn't it a funny thing that 110 memorial-stone marks the spot where Hilary Kendall, the poet of the colony, lies buried '! Go out to the Waverley cemetery, and I'll bet you a Goonanbara hat that you'll not be able to find the Australian poet's grave. This matter lias been recently ventilated in the Sydney press, but nothing has hitherto been done in the way indicated. Mrs. Samuel Bennett, of the E. News, has, however, given £5 toward the erection of a memorial stone ; and a number of prominent citizens have followed her example ; so that we soon expect to see this blot upon our re cord entirely removed. that woolloomooloo blot Has once, more been thrust before all Sydney and his wife. Edward Williams, one of the perpetra tors of that awful outrage which caused the death of the unfortunate waif, Elizabeth Phillips, was placed upon his tidal on Monday last. He was found guilty and sentenced to death. The other prisoners were released, as the Attorney-General considered that there was no case against them. The popular belief is that Williams' sentence will be coinmuted to penal servitude for life. He turned approver, and gave the police valuable aid in tracing the other wretches who had a hand in tlie outrage. Therefore, some people think that he should receive a little leniency from the powers that be. sporting matters Are once move getting lively. To-day we're in the thick of a suburban race meeting at which Ed ward Hanlan, the champion sculler, is present as the guest of the stewards. Hanlan is tlie lion of the hour here. He got a public reception fit for a prince, and has attended picnics, dinner parties, and other sprees ad. lib. daily since his arrival. He's a nice, gentlemanly, unassuming fellow, and makes firm and fast friends wherever he goes. There's little doubt that he'll annex a big pot of money here, and go home to Canada with a light heart and a heavy purse. The intercolonial eight have gone to Melbourne to row for tho blue ribbon of amateur aquatics. They are very confident of winning the race too. Pigeon shooting is getting more popular than ever in Sydney. Indeed, some of our biggest bigwigs are now delighted to call themselves "knights of the trigger." And yet some nice people ask " Where's the Cruelty to Ani mals Inspector V" amusements. Many playgoers will bo delighted to learn that Signor Majeroni, the accomplished actor, has se cured a long lease of the Opera House, and intends to make extensive and important alterations iu the interior of tho building. The Majerouis have been playing in " Fedora "for about six weeks to grand business. And 110 wonder. The play is one of the most thrilling of its kind ever staged in Sydney ; and Signor and Signora Majeroni enact their res pective characters in a most brilliant and creditable manner. They are ably assisted by Mr. A. Glover, Mr. J. Musgrave, Mr. H. N. Douglas, and Miss Solangc Novaro. To-night, this, clever company will produce the far-famed military drama yclept " Friendship, or the Two Sergeants." They are morally sure of scoring another triumph in this, as in their preceding plays. . At the Theatre Royal we've had "It's Never Too Late to Mend," with Mr. Dampier in the leading part. Messrs. B. N. Jones, Sam Poole, Oily Deering, H. Sefton, Harry Taylor, and H. Stoneham are in the company ; while the ladies arc represented by Misses Rosa Towers, Lily Dampier, and Pattie Brown. It is needless to say that the drama lias proved a great attraction during the week, if only for the exqui site scenery of Messrs. George Gordon and John Hennings. To-night the long-looked for " Silver King " will be played in the Theatre Royal for the first time in Sunny New South Wales. 'Tis bound to have a long run. The company includes Messrs. Titheradge, Philip Day, Arthur Redwood, George Ireland, Herbert Fleming, and W. H. Leake, as well as Misses Alma Santon, Annie Mayor, and Pattie Brow. The Academy of Music is still to the fore with highly-spiced sensationalism, but the business isn't at all brisk there. The Gaiety re mains closed. Miss Josephine Deakin, the operatic vocalist, will take a benefit there on Monday night, when she will be assisted by a number of profes sional and amateur musicians. And now, as a finale , let me give you something truthful but light. 'Tis entitled 