NEW ANGLICAN CHURCH AT GAWLER. It having been considered necessary that certain additions and alterations were required at St. George's Church, Gawler the committee instructed Mr. R. earVck) BobrelL arebttect, of Adelaide, ta prepare plans and tpeetfioanoiH fora ooanoel, eboir, skid scrth and south tnnieptt, and on tbear eo?apWOon asked for tenders for the work. The old building, which bad ?xwtsdfor fo ty years, wa< then polled do vo, aad snffielent progress with the work* saving been made the foundation - stone the new edifice was laid by Mrs. Keaniota on Thanday, December 4. Tttere ' was s> Urge attendance, Including most of the repraectative residents of the to an and distrfcta. Within the cavity were placed two bottlts; one oontaining copies ot tie daily and local papers, and a dominant containing the Danes of the officers of the church and the other usual Information; the other bottle was that which waa taken fromnnder the old ato?r. and contained the origin*! dcoaaoent. Tbe foundation-etonewasiheooe whfeh were used when the ohnrch was first built, Shortly after a procession letc the porch ?f the church, the choir singing "Onward Christian Soldiers." The aervfee Basal on snch oocseions having been con dneted by Bishop Kennion, Bus. Kennlon was presented with a handsome silver trowel, Btarafaetored in Gaw!er by Mr. B. Sarit grove, aad partly made of SUvarcon aiiver; and the mortar having been duly spread, the atone was lowered, and declared by that lady to be laid in the name of Jean* Christ, of Ood tbe Father, God the Sob, and Ood the Haly Ghost. A prayer was then offered by the . bbhopi On its oonoiusion Oanon Coombbs thanked Mrs. K??Im for her presence tttsre, and he alluded to the many memories that were summoned np In the minds of those who bad witnessed tbe laying ot the founda tion-stone Of IMS. It was then the first chinch- north ot Adelaide—he had almost said tbe first place of worship. It had served its day. and many theosands had gone forth from It who had been baptised then or traiaed in its Sonday-eehool and ohnrehi Dean Bcbseu said he felt gladness of heart that he ooold eongra* tolate them on the good work com atcseed so long ago. He reaiembered the Easter Sanaa* when he preached one of the opening services. Be oouM not bat re member those who were gone and who would have looked with moon sympathy on thear labors, Biahop Short; Daan F*rrrfl, and otben. He would advise them, to oon- Unoe faithfolly fat then* own doctrine, aad in charity to all who differed from them. Tbe fiOKOP aafd they wane gathered to seek Goo's bleating on the work for the futtbeimooe of hi* glory. It waa eaaentiaOy ? religlDDs aervloe, and it wa? right to invoke tbe bteadog of God. He hoped all who worked in the building would reaMStber tne sacred character of the work, ?nd that every atone that was laid was to further the build ing up of God'a people. Any one oomtng as bedidktabttarata?eof aesalopment could i^ bat oontrastct with the early days. Tkb gtowtb waa tmtan Uloatratlonwf grwwth of the church'throughoutthe world, itad?ed, of the growth of acftltln*—of that tsdony which, teoUDi at It now, they oonld hardly reooenbe tbat)tliad4?rgattinao aaaaU ? way. While In the growth^f theOharch of Christ than were atany ebanges it still resaained the the aama. Whiki the boMdlng migbt look dinVtent, the ehnroh Itself did not ctMntje. There must he progress hi the church. TMy did not wish to stand still in efaurob matters any more than In political matters. They oonM oot expect the nineteenth century to pat on the garb of the fourth, but to progress did not mean to depart from the old tratfe. There most still be faith, lore, and hope. Love and hope moat be closely knit together, and if they were to exhibit them to CM another they weald best do it by being men aad women of faith. He hoped that - faith woeMnotehangsinlteohar*eter. Be prayed, tfce* Goa woaM grant that theae principles might grown and increase, aad thatibeyaU might be living stones growing npetcaolly, tter by tter andatory by atory, a bwJldlngfartaje Sopreme—tfaechureh of Che peopw baaed en his own Bon Jesus. Arch dewa?n*MaSKl at having esfci ?few wards, the tMtihif of the people were laid on the atone, and th? Uthop having proooanoed the beoe dieUen'tbecerawoa? otesed. At 7 o'closk a iiniffuaasakai serrlee wewheld, at iraiah aOoat twttve ?? Tosmtt .paople praaaatea thmaaiilvea. 8i GcoVgVsOharoh was aroarded, 