NEWS AND NOTES. 1 IN New South Wales, owing to an altera tionin policy, only 57,206 acres of country Crown lands were alienated at auction oV br selections after auction in 1883, againat' 856,639 acres in 1882. The receipts under that heading for the two years were £78,747 and £1,045,194. The mistake that the Government made was (according to the Sydney Morning Herald) while introducing that new policy to introduce no measures for the prompt reduction of expenditure or for making good the anticipated loss of re venue. ACCORDING to the Sydns-y Morning Herald, there is sufficient ore in New South Wales to supply all the iron th* difficulty is to get at the iron'which ia securely locked up in the pyrites. %,! Herald migrate that, there being a great t pression in the iron trade in England ii would be a good plan to engage Si there for the colony. At the same® fears that the workmen would imperil the demat4by UnrCa8°nable and THE drought in the west is, states the Brisbane Corner, proving very disastrous to labouring men as well as to station-holdera and employment for willing hands u extremely scarce in some districts. A corres pondent, who from his letter seems to be a thorough farm labourer, writes to us from Thargomindah that he has had no work for three months, and that there are many more in a similar position. As may readily be supposed, with flour at lOd. tola, per lb money has become scarce, and some of these men are almost penniless. THE Tom Pearce Fund was raised in Sep tember, 1878, by public subscription for Mr. Thomas Pearce, a midshipman on board the Loch Ard, in recognition of his gallant con duct, on the occasion of the wreck of the vessel, in saving the life of Miss Carmichael, the only passenger who was saved. The sum of £920 was raised, and the Mayor of Mel bourne for the time being, and Mr. J. D. Emerson, solicitor, were appointed trustees, Pearce being at the time a minor. The com-' mittee decided that the money should be in- ? vested for five years. This was done, and! the interest remitted by Mr. Emerson from; time to time to Mr. Pearce. The five years I expired in September last, and the capital was then drawn and sent to Mr. Pearce, who is now fourth officer on board the R.M.S. I Solent, in the West India service. By the1 last mail Mr. Emerson received a letter from Mr. Pearce acknowledging receipt of the] money, and thanking him and his then co trustee (Mr. Dodgsliun, ex-Mayor of Mel-' bourne) for the trouble they had taken in the: matter. j MR. ORMOND, M.L.G., fears that, as genera tion succeeds generation in the colonies, old Scottish customs will disappear. What old customs? Did he mean costumes? THAT storekeeper at the quarantine station has a capital billet. He receives £170 a year and quarters to look after Btores that are probably not worth his salary for three months. He must berusting there like the old iron he is in charge of, for, although he has a sinecure, he objects to making himself useful in other ways. GREAT BRITAIN, including the Channel Islands, possesses about 28,000,000 eheep; and the United States, 50,000,000; Australia and New Zealand boast between them of no less than 76,000,000 sheep But this number, large as it is. must yield the place of honour to the 94,000,000 possessed by the River rlate provinces in South America. 1 he growth o sheep in these proviuces has been m« vellons, and bids fair to increase at the same rapid rate. Enormous tracts of land suU remain to be taken up, and big runs ca got very cheap. The climate ifl m°st8uitaWe For sheep, for the plains rarely suffer from droughts. . . SINOB the 17th March quantities <ofpumice; stone have beenfound on the beaA frof^ Malheureux to Trouaux Bicbes, Majriti cn./.;mona ore nnxtlv covered witti D?F flituueureux w J.»U AU*. Specimens are partly covered with bar-I nacies. There is little doubt that this] pumice came from Krakatoa, and that some! ;he shore of Mauritius months! DBUUMOND, of the Black who killed Sheikh Mahomed, thecommanderj nacies. pumice of it reached the shore ago. PRIVATE ; who killed Sbemn Aianuiucu, of the rebels at Samaneh, would, for a similar service, have probably been knighted in the old days. ' A CORRESPONDENT of the Maryboronf. Advertiser states that be has made 24 gallons of wine from a quarter-acre vine| yard. J IT is proposed to establish a uniform s)'9*! tern of buoyage for the United Kingdom.! For instance, buoys sli wln^ the pointed top] of a cone are to be starboard-hand buoys," *'?" * ;a /Jpfined so as q ^ port buoys are to"! colours, and so on. Iff Pestb, JJnnf tary, tra ter as pure as crystal has been obtained at a depth ol 3,366ft. Thi stream obtained amounts to 152,680 gallons4 » ® water is warm (about 102degl *kh.} on reaching the surface, and contain! cpailc and sulphur. At St Etienne, if trance, thermal gaseous water somes spurtr :*Pg op from a depth of 502 metres, J . AT Goonery, in the Bourke district of Ne* South Wales, an Artesian well throws an ft column of excellent water lflin. abort ?he surface equal to a flow of 400gsu Per, hour. The depth of the boring w#| 300ft When -this spring was first toppelj the flow was 60QgaI. per boar, but nnnlM after five months flow, it ioaeadomtotut present delivery of «Wgal. per honr. TIM aonhfary 1n whfch this remarkable Sow <m Wrwgofwater was discovered is pertecu and It is clear that it mast come from great distance, probably from the .land mountains. Although the water is ai lowed to flow over at 10ft above the level <* thfe; #olI, It delirettid itself equally jr&'J j thus proying that the preesureis ve| ..J (TjEPffiic is sbortly to be In Paris an erfufe Won $>f the French' Qrowti Jewels. n the© will be the famous was Valued at the beginning of this tdtwbh&B;'UlioDs offrBDO);, i a* tnd J * ncU ^ j oniy three umw bave becn.re®^^, in 1878, when ^rt'«^e,SibS Th« jsSvs 8*®of * t*° Sobers- . :nsurance companies m M Am^'^ tffinsar&nce; premiums LZ*** ^ wS»£protected by automatic o^roeflt-onbouaeap isageneral re Vn 10 ^on premlums Radios3 thnS]?tely to be Been at Adelaide a r»T4fS S Si 8SBS £ ll^v^e H^e2ed about seven jjnth Aos^ ^ j the diameterjwross *7 It*MJ- kv75in , the other 84m. by ^endwasf^-^7 4in' and the square; pegsuren^11" ^ "",N writes to TU Times to give " experiment he made in fattening qualities of ensilage. f&sji; jj, were taken, six being placed ^veb^8 Js-Ton the other. All B^lxiSh of best quality hay and 951b. of lies5' p«nh beast on the other Bide : £8J£ S and meal, 751b. of i«*jvf' ^ other food than what is men essl«£ft The diet was commenced ^W«»f d 'November, and they were <* *3biiX 8th of December show ^hdance of 491 b. in favour of ensilage. ^ introduced into the British A rvjmmons on February 6, by Sir K, DUke, Sir W. Harcourt, and Mr. ; Gbaite Dil e> . of whicn is to pro Wit in all elections, whether parlia . "l,mor municipal, m boroughs with . than 5000 electors, the hours of ^fZi be extended from 8 o clock in {he moving until S in the evening of the ^number of paupers in England in «lint nf relief on the last day of the Chris t Efiuter, 1883, was 714,704, showing a of 20,203, or 3-5 per cent over the £r at the corresponding date of the ZrirasTear. In the metropolis the number 1 Srsreceivms relief was 92,036, a de crease of 4,651, or 4-8 per cent, as compared tith the previous year. MB. T. W. Grihshaw, the registrar-general of Ireland, recently laid before the Lord Iienteo&ntof; Ireland some statistics respect the produce of the crops for 1883. lie retains for 1883 arc of a very favourable character as compared with those of 1882. Although the progressive decrease in tillage, ghich had ban going on for several years. still continued, yet the increased yield and mlueof the harvest as compared with that of die previous year was of a very marked dimeter. The potato crop was about double Hut of 1832, being an increase of 1,457,142 tons. Turnips had increased by 899,856 tons, pangel wureel by 92,077 tons, oats by 56i!86cirt, and barley by 68,323cwt At the 6&me; time wheat had decreased by fflffiart, bere (a species of barley) by JtBteVt, and rye by l,547cwfc. There was also a decrease in flax of 2,330 tons, and in bay of 177,903 tons. The aggregate increase in the value of the crops for the year, as compared with the returns for the previous .rear, was £4,283,198, and it was £1,485,368 better than the average of the ten preceding jem Tee project for a world's fair continues to be agitated in San Francisco, but almost as many prominent citizens are against as for it These think that it would be useless to push this enterprise unless San Francisco could faasntee at least half a million dollars, and Buy express doubts whether anysnch sum can be raised. Not much reliance is placed upon Congressional aid, and fears are enter toed that other parts of California would raise to help San Francisco in such a Altogether the project does not ap pear to have yet aroused the necessary of enthusiasm and rkflA nran^i'nfl 1 i . 7",w uocu mc necessary 7°T of enthnsiasm, and one practical Mjwion ia the selection of the year 1887 Wanngbeeu already chosen by Australia bus similar exhibition. [The proposed lSS&f; Cent£nuul Exhibition is for Hfore t,ie Penance Natural Sv "!y °,1 Wild F,owereat the End ttfeS? U: Samuel Tait- the writer £S &i; ?Un8tmas.' 1882> ^ere were no Si"1 Bpecies m bloom at Madron, before lone rtJ 18 ® P follow, and The district CC?^in Wl", d»sappear. negseda gimfin,. . 8, once before wit dBorethanl20(ttVhp t' £jke Fezzara, kCofM^ectalS?' d«* not exist m livid at BOOL i? Au^nstin, who *ithont once m^r - l w^°'e district .etrches iu i«^i ^'oninfi tlje Jake, and re ?,e|7of tL ruins of fl r,^su ted ^ the dis kttom of the lak* A! .Ko®an. town at the J®1 i> flothia" to lvw10 ^ral,lan writings ^onolth°el J? l°Und framing the fixed a secret door, which they could shut silently and instantly by touching a spring. While the mournful ghost was flittine before the awe-struck assembly, this door suddenly shut, and the ghost, who stood revealed as Mr. Bastian, vainly endeavoured to make his escape. Mr. Bastian had been lying in a mes meric sleep. The depression in spiritualistic circles is naturally very great. THERE is a curious agitation in progress at Inglewood. The batchers having combined and resolved to raise the price of meat, the inhabitants also combined with a view to obtaining cheaper meat by means of a co operative company. This latter movement ib being well supported. The company will doubtless obtain meat from Sandhurst by an early train (arriving at half-past 6 o'clock) and retail it Two cans of young fish, comprising perch, tench, and carp, have been deposited in the Cobden dam. THE Brisbane Courier regards the appoint ment of Mr. Garrick as agent-general of Queensland as a remarkable precedent. Mr. Garrick goes to England as a member of the Upper House, and of the Executive Council, and will, the Courier thinks, have to resign his office when his colleagues cease to occupy the treasury benches. It is urged that before such _ a change of system was effected, Parliament ought to have been consulted. IK the United Kingdom the increased ap plication to railway travelling of life-Baving proceeses is producing, good effects. During the three years ending with 1870 the compensation per 100,000 train miles run amounted to £449, £447, and £421 for the three years respectively. But for the three years 1880 to 1882 such compensation was reduced to £208, £208, and £202. Notwith standing the enormously increased traffic, and, as some would think, greatly increased risk, the amount of compensation was reduced by about 50 per cent. In 1868 900,000 train miles were run and £272,000 was paid for compensation, and in 1882 110,000,000 train miles were run, and only £223,000 was paid for compensation. A SOUTH AUSTRALIAN paper states:-" The enterprise already shown on some of the northern runB in constructing dams and tanks will be devoted to Binking artesian wells as soon as it is demonstrated, not only that the thing is feasible, but that it will also be profitable to the settler carrying it out In the meantime, however, there is a temporary reason which tends to retard progress, not only in pastoral but in all other pursuits. There can be little doubt that a large propor tion of the money that was recently imported with the object of enabling the banks to operate more freely has been absorbed in ad vances to sufferers from the drought in New South Wales." THE special correspondent sent by the Sydney Morning Herald to the dry country of New South Wales remarks concerning one large station:-" Fresh grass has not been seen on the run for three years, and now both grass and herbage have disappeared, while the saltbush, bluebush, and cotton bush have been, over large patches, scorched and ehrivelled into blackened stumps. The open scrub, which covers about one-third of the run, provides the principal stock of food now. Cutting down these bushes for the sheep is the-principal work of the station, and 30 or 40 men are daily engaged in it. While the ground, naked and arid, grills under the dry heat, the hardy scrub trees continue to put forth their green and silvery fronds. A small mob of cattle, numbering about 150, is kept in one of the paddocks. These cattle never see grass, and have been reared entirely on the scrub leaves and branches. They look fairly well, and make better beef than could be expected from their hardy diet." He says of another locality: "The flooded land can be readily followed by the eye from the dark lines of polygonum and the bunchy cane-grass. The shoots of the polygonum are excellent feed, though always growing on land that is periodically under water. The growth from such land would in the eastern districts be deemed unwhole some for sheep; but in these inland regions no sheep ever suffered from either liver or foot rot. The only disease that habitually affects the animal is starvation." A HOUR paper says:-"Salesmen in the Farringdon Market have a violent antipathy to New Zealand mutton. A fan with some frozen meat appeared in the market the other day, and was immediately surrounded by a crowd of market-carriers, who flaunted an abusive placard underneath a sheep's head mounted on a pole. This demonstration was not prevented by the market authorities. If there is to be a market for colonial meat this kind of thing will have to be put down." In March 1884, 5,475 tons of stone, crushed at the Gympie gold-field, Queensland, yielded 20,590o& of gold, or an average per ton of 3oz. 15dwt 6<*r. LAND lotteries are becoming very numerous in New South Wales. The Sydney Daily Telegraph writes:-" The first distribution of the Property Art Union of New South Wales takes place on an early date at the Masonic-hall. From the prospectus we learn that 110 distinct freehold properties, situated in the city and suburbs, including Randwick, Waverley, Petersham, Newtown, fcc., will be given away in prizes, the whole being valued at £26.000. The first prize is worth £3,300, and all others are said to be of excellent value. The drawing will be on the art-union prin ciple, nnder the supervision of and conducted by a committee. Thb total length of the Canadian Pacific railway is stated to be approximately 2,888 miles, in addition to which the company have branch lines in operation or under construc tion to the extent of 395 miles. The Minister of Railways and Canals, in a recent speech in the Canadian House of Commons, stated that there was every probability that the line from the ahowHw to the Pacific wonld be com pleted by Hie end of 1885. Air interesting communication on the treat ment and cure of elephantiasis amongst Arabs, by Doctors Monoorvo and Sil va Aranio, hair been presented (Engineering sayjrt to the French Academy of Sciences, by M. Gossehn. The core consists in decomposing the tumid swelling of the limbs, known as elephantiasis, by means of electrolysis, but at the same time wt general health of the patient is also treated hydropathically, that w to say, by the oold-water cure, sea baths, tincture of iodine, iodide of iron, arsenic, and other, tonics. we intended to renovate the constitution, but are not in themselves suffi cient to jreduoe the tumours. Electropathy, however, applied as soon as possible after the fint manifestation, cheeks, and ultimately ctues it The care is generally perfect, and takes place at the end of a few days m some oases; but if the elephantiasis u of long abUkding the core is also a long process, and most be accompanied by proper medicinefl. The electrolysis is effected ooth by con tinnous and interrupted currents sent through ihetumldswelling* , . . < OoLomu. DoBBitrsKi has been appointed mini in the military governorship of St i^teahatt iorjftie siwervation of order, 