NEWS AND NOTES. This afternoon Colonel Disney, R. A., the Commandant of the new Victorian Militia, will, together with two- other English army officers recently appointed in connection with the new defence scheme, arrive in Ballarat by the 3.20 train. The officers, who, it is ex- spected, will wear their British uniform, will be received at the Western railway station by Lieutenant-Colonel Sleep and other local gentlemen interested in military affairs. Colonel Hutton, the late Acting Commandant, will not, owing to important metropolitan en- gagements, be among the visiting party. Colonel Disney and his brother officers will lunch at Craig’s hotel, where their quarters will be while they remain in this city. At half-past 7 o’clock this evening the Comman- dant will, in the Alfred Hall, hold an official inspection of volunteers and recruits for the militia. The gallery in the ball has been set aside for lady visitors. Volunteers are to ap- pear on the parade in full dress uniform, and of course, the militia recruits in plain clothes. Mr Bentley, the courteous proprietor of Craig's hotel, has secured a suite of apart- ments for his military patrons. The Port Phillip Steam Navigation Company have disgusted the Ballarat branch of the Victorian Licensed Victuallers’ Association. The publicans arranged with the company some time back for the annual marine excur- sion, the company fixing the price of the steamer for the day at £70. At a committee meeting subsequently held the offer was ac- cepted by the association, but a few days ago a communication was received from the Steam Navigation Company stating that a mistake had been made in their estimate for the use of a steamer, and that the price should be £30 instead of £70. The unbusiness like proceed- log was discussed at the quarterly meeting of the B.D L.V.A., held yesterday, and it was de- cided to abandon the marine excursion this year, and, instead, hold a picnic at Dowling- Forest. The affair will come either on the 14th or 15th February. A competitive examination for promotion in the police force was held yesterday at the City barracks, Superintendent Ryall conducting the proceedings. Altogether four senior-constables and eight constables presented themselves for examination in the subjects of arithmetic and English, the Police Offences’ Statute, and the Police Regulations. The annual meeting of contributors to and life-governors of the Ballarat District Hos- pital was held last evening in the Mechanics’ Institute. The annual reports and balance- sheets were received and adopted. In the absence of any opposition the following gentle- men were declared elected President:— Mr Charles Salter; vice-presidents, Messrs P. Papenhagen and D. Brophy; hon. treasurer, Mr Eyres; and hon surgeon, Dr Whitcombe. After some further business the meeting ad- journed until this evening, when the results of the ballot for the contested offices to take place to-day at the Mechanics' Institute, will be declared. As a rule at holiday times, especially at the Christmas and New Year seasons, picnic parties and excursionists, generally who visit the gar- dens damage fences, trees, and shrubs to a serious extent. The late holidays, however, have been an exception to the rule, for the damage sustained has only been trifling. The lake and gardens committee and the caretaker have reported to to this effect to the City Council. Sergeant O’Neill and Mounted-constable Slater will appear on remand at the Buninyong Police Court this morning, charged with un- lawfully assaulting Nathaniel McGrath. The latter will doubtless be unable to appear to give evidence,but tbe testimony of other wit- nesses may be taken. In order to thoroughly impress upon the minds of the leading citizens of Ballarat the claims which the people of Hamilton have for a continuation of the Scarsdale line to their district, invitations have been issued by the Hamilton Borough Council to the City and Town councillors, and other prominent local gentlemen, to visit Hamilton and surrounding district at the end of the present month. It is most likely that the two mayors and the majority of the councillors will form portion of the inspecting or visiting party. An extraordinarily narrow escape from what might have proved a fatal shot took place last evening, whilst a member of the Ballarat Rifle Club was engaged in practice. The shootist was firing at the target from the 500 yards range, when by some incomprehensible means the bullet missed not only the target, but also the hill behind it, which is about 80 feet in height. The bullet sped on its onward course for the distance of about half a mile, and struck the wall of the kitchen of the local police station, tearing a hole to the boards. The bullet struck about 8 inches from the window, which happened to be up, but the force with which the bullet struck the wall caused it to come down with a crash. Mrs Daly was en- gaged in household duties at the time, and had the bullet struck about 8 inches to the left she must inevitably have been shot. Mr Daly was also standing within 2 feet, on the opposite side. The affair has caused a feeling of dis- quiet and fear to those living to proximity to the butts. It is stated that the shootist is reckoned to be a good marksman. A man named Henry Whitcombe, residing at Learmonth, was admitted to the Hospital yesterday afternoon suffering from injuries to his knee. The injuries were caused by a fall from a load of hay. A special meeting of the B.C.C, sports com- mittee was held at the Gem hotel last evening. Mr H. Josephs, vice- president, occupied the chair. The meeting had been called for the purpose of considering the protest lodged against P. O’Sullivan, who proved victorious in the Christmas Handicap, on the Eastern Oval, on Boxing Day. The full particulars in connection with the matter were given in yes- terday’s Star. Evidence was produced, includ- ing a statutory declaration, at last night’s meeting, which went to show that Patrick O'Sullivan had, at Castlemaine, in 1882, won the Grand Christmas Handicap; and that on the same day, and in the same place, he secured third place in another contest. These perform- ances were not mentioned in the document handed to the B.C.C. by O'Sullivan at the time of his entering for the race which took place on the Oval on Boxing Day, and which he won. For this omission the sports committee resolved to disqualify O'Sullivan, who will have also to forfeit his entry money. It was also decided to dis- qualify him from competing at B.C.C. sports for a period of three years from date. It is expected that the other sporting clubs in the colony will pass a similar motion in the usual way. The prize money for the B.C.C. Handi- cap was subsequently divided as follows: — 1st prize, 30 sovs, W. B. Freeman, 13 points; 2nd prize, 15 sovs,. G. P. Freeman, 11 points; 3rd prize, 7 sovs, J. Ryan (assumed name), Bungaree, 10 points; and 4th prize, 5 sovs, J. H. Tresize, Black Lead, 4 points. Lawrence Quinlivan, a publican residing, at Warrenheip, was proceeded against at the Town Police Court yesterday by Constable Nelms for a breach of the Licensing Act in allowing a portion of his licensed premises to be used as a dancing saloon. It appeared that a barn adjoining the defendant's' hotel had been cleaned by him on a certain night during the holidays for the holding of a ball or assembly. As the only penalty provided by the act was forfeiture of the license, the case was with- drawn on payment by defendant of the costs of the case. Last evening the united prayer meeting in connection, with the Ballarat Evangelical Alli- ance was held in the Barkly street Wesleyan Church. The Rev. J. A. Stuart presided, and the Revs. Clark, Inglis, Williams, and Adam- son, together with Messrs Ham and Morrison, took part in the meeting. The Rev. E. Turner, who was appointed to give an address on "Home and Foreign Missions," was unable to be present. The Rev. Robertson was there- fore asked to take his place at the last moment delivering a most practical address on “Home Mission Work.” The last of the series of united services will be held this evening in the Lydiard street Wesleyan Church. At the Smythesdale Police Court on Thurs- day a wretched-looking Mongolian named Ah Sing was brought before Messrs Procter and Stewart, J’s P., charged with having on Wed- nesday, the 9th instant, stolen two fowls of the value of 4s, the property of one Thomas Roddy, of Haddon. Constable Wolfe, in the absence of Senior-constable Mitchell, con- ducted the prosecution very efficiently. From the evidence it appeared that the prisoner went to complainant’s yard and attempted to carry off the fowls in a bag, when complainant hap- pened to catch him red-handed and took him to the police station. Roddy’s evidence was fully corroborated by his wife, Mary Roddy, and a Chinese, working in the Trunk Lead claims, named Ab Sue. There was a further charge against Ah Sing, for assaulting complainant with an axe, at the same time and place. It appeared that the prisoner being asked to go with the complaint to the lockup sturdily refused, became insolent and violent, and struck him a blow on the arm with the axe, inflicting a slight wound, but was at length overpowered, and conveyed, with his legs tied together, in a cart to the police station, and given in charge to Constable Wolfe. The bench found the prisoner guilty in each case, and sentenced him to undergo imprisonment in Ballarat gaol for the term of two months. Ah Sing (the prisoner) has been pronounced to be an idle and disreputable character, having no visible lawful means of support, and his enforced exile from Haddon for two months will be regarded by mand as a blessing. Our Smythesdale correspondent writes:— “ Police Constable Wolfe, who is stationed at Haddon, would certainly appear to have a rather lively time of it, as scarcely a day passes without some offender or offenders against the law being overtaken by him and promptly conveyed to Smythesdale to receive the merited reward of their misdeeds. Whether it is that Haddon is an exceptionally wicked place, or that the lynx eye of Her Majesty's faithful Wolfe is always on the look out to de- tect and seize on his lawful prey it is difficult to determine; but the reasonable supposition appears to be that the existing state of affairs on that goldfield is traceable to both causes. A paragraph elsewhere describes the last 'fowl' offence committed by a native of the Celestial empire, and its consequences." A number of cabmen and others were fined in sums of 5s, with 2s 6d costs, at the Town Police Court yesterday, for plying for hire off the authorised stand and overloading during the holidays. A notorious character named Maria O'Keefe, against whom no fewer than 18 previous con- victions were recorded, was sentenced to 18 months at the Town Police Court yesterday for vagrancy. At the Town Police Court yesterday a lad named Patrick Kiely was proceeded against for throwing stones at a passenger train at Navigators on New Year's Day. The missiles, it will be remembered, were dropped from a bridge on to the trucks returning from the Lal Lal races, several of the passengers being struck. Mr Gaunt appeared for the Railway Department, and, on account of the distinctive stature and delicate health of the lad, re- quested the charge to be altered to one of assault. The bench consented, and on this charge Kiely was fined £1, with £4 19s 6d costs, in default three weeks' imprisonment. The lad's father was also bound over in the sum of £20 for his good behaviour, for six months. Mr Akehurst, P.M., cautioned the lad as to the very serious nature of his action. The offence was a felony, and punishable with 10 years on the roads of the colony. Even on the reduced charge of assault they had in- tended to sentence him to a few days' impri- sonment, and he should be extremely thankful to Mr Gaunt and the Rallway Department for the leniency shown him. Our local correspondent writes:— "A Chinese named Sim Gig was accidentally killed at the Trunk Lead mine, Haddon, on Wednesday jernoon at 3 o'clock, whilst at work in one of the drives, by a fall of earth and timber. The body was not got out until about 8 o'clock the same evening, when it was conveyed to Kopke's Ballarat and Grenville Hotel. The occurrence was immediately reported to the Ballarat authorities by Constable Wolfe." At the annual meeting of the Glasgow Chamber of Commerce it was stated (says Truth ) that last year an individual with a capital of £3000 lost £24,000 by speculative operations on the Stock Exchange, and the whole amount was paid by him to his brokers out of the proceeds of goods which had been supplied to him on credit for the legitimate purpose of his ostensible trade; and he also lost £12,000, which he obtained from his friends, so that in 12 months he had lost 12 times his capital. It was resolved to remon- strate with the Scotch banks, which are re- proached with giving undue facilities for the wildest speculation by advancing on stock through brokers, to persons unknown. The chairman remarked that he was unable to detect any difference between carrying over by "contango" and "backwardation" and the practices in the saloons of Monaco. Mr E. Pariss Nesbitt will give a lecture on "Tennyson and Poe," with illustrations from their works, at the Mechanics' Institute to- morrow evening. Tickets at ordinary rates can be obtained from Messrs J. L. Reeves and J. Summerscales, booksellers. The proceeds will be given to the Orphan Asylum. The City magistrates yesterday committed Charles Dyer, 64 years of age, an inmate of the Benevolent Asylum, to the Ararat Lunatic Asylum. A young woman named Margaret Rees, a dressmaker, was also ordered to be sent to the same institution. James Morris, on a charge of drunkenness, was remanded till the 17th inst. An inmate of the Orphan Asylum, whose name is David 15 years of age, escaped from the institution named at 6 o’clock on Wednesday morning. He is supposed to have gone to Talbot, where be has relatives living. To-night Mr W. J. Holloway will appear as Hamlet, supported by Miss Essie Jenyns as Ophelia, Mr Charles Holloway as the Ghost, and the whole of the company. As this will be the last opportunity playgoers will have an opportunity of witnessing this great tragedy, with Mr Holloway, in the title rôle, we may anticipate a large and brilliant attendance. Frederick Keats will appear at the City Police Court this morning, charged, on re- mand, with breaking into and stealing a gold chain andlocket of the value of £6 13s 8d, from the dwelling of Joseph Graham. Keats was yesterday formerly charged with larceny as a bailee, at the instance of Mr Gerrard, watchmaker, of Sturt street. On Wednesday night a hive of bees, valued at £1, was stolen from the residence of Mr Hugh Hughes, in Talbot street. The various establishments in Ballarat will be closed as usual this afternoon at one o'clock. An important notice appears in our adver- tising columns concerning the disposal of £15,000 worth of freehold properties on the art union principle. There are 15,000 sub- scribers of £1 each necessary to complete the list, of which number 9000 have already taken up tickets. The properties, which are situated in New South Wales, are offered to the public by the proprietor, Mr John Sands, through his agents, Messrs Finlay and Co., Belmore square, Goulburn, New South Wales. On Saturday evening, a comedy new to Ballarat, will be produced by Mr W. J. Holloway and his talented company. " Stolen Kisses," has been purchased by Mr Holloway from Mr Arthur Garner, at considerable ex- pense, and will be mounted with the excellence Mr Holloway is noted for. The plot is simple but treated by the author (Paul Merritt) with such skill, that the interest is maintained from first to last. All the characters are strongly drawn with close fidelity, to nature. "Stolen bound to proves great success. Three lads, respectively named Nicholls, Leach, and Moran, escaped from the Ballarat Reformatory yesterday. They were working in the garden, and seized an opportunity to runaway. The trio were followed for a long distance, but their fleetness left their pursuers in the background. The police were then in- vited to interview the runaways. Yesterday's Argus says:— "Early this morn- ing there was a fire at the Apollo Candle Works, Footscray. It has done an immense amount of damage, and at the time of going to press it was still burning. The whole place seemed enveloped in flames. Yesterday morning (says Thursday's Argus) the flogging of two criminals took place in the A division yard at Pentridge. The men were, Jno. Reynolds, convicted of assault and rob- bery, and sentenced to five years’ imprison- ment with hard labour and two floggings of 15 lashes each, and Wm. G. Pearson, alias Louis Levey, sentenced also to five years and two floggings of 15 lashes during the first six months, for a series of heinous offences. Both prisoners felt keenly the vigorous punishment by Upjohn. Both were criminals of the most pronounced type, as shown by the long series of offences recorded against them. Pearson at one time occupied a high position as a municipal official at one of the leading-gold- fields. Some remarkable revelations have come to light respecting the existence of a colony of organ- grinders in the centre of Birmingham, A few years ago (says the Birmingham Mail) an Italian and a girl purchased an Italian piano, and by playing in the streets rapidly accumulated a sum of £100. With this the man went back to Italy and engaged a number of men, some of them actual brigands, and an equal number of prepossessing girls, to serve in his employ, paying their expenses to Birm- ingham. He rapidly developed his calling, and at the present time he has under him upwards of 200 individuals who do nothing but play organs in the streets of Birmingham and the neighbouring places. They all live together, and have rooms specially provided for their eating, cooking, and other domestic arrange- ments. The chief of this remarkable tribe has, in the course of a few years, accumulated a substantial fortune,and is now a large owner of property in Italy. Nor can this be wondered at, seeing that it is admitted that some of the men and women earn as much as £10 a week by organ-grinding alone. It is a common thing for the men to go to Italy in the summer for a holiday, and to send their wives to the seaside for two or three weeks' relaxation. During the remainder of the year they turn the handles of the Italian pianos, and grate- fully receive coppers form a benevolent public. Yesterday's Age says:— "The Pharmacy Board of held their monthly meeting at 100 Collins street, yesterday; Mr. C. R. Blackett, the president; in the chair. Appli- cations for registration as pharmaceutical chemists from the following persons were passed:—William Sneyd and Thos. Hamilton Naylor, certificates from Pharmaceutical Society of Great Britain; Ager Millington Atkin, Augustus G. Richards, and Frank Uran, all of whom passed the major examination of Vic- toria; Clement L. M. Bourdic and Duncan Rankin passed the modified examination. Re- newals of certificates under the Sale and Use of Poisons Act were granted to 23 persons and new certificates issued to Stephen Howe, Lee Sue, A. Moy, Andrew G. Smith, and Graham McPherson. The Pharmaceutical Register for the year 1884 was laid on the tabled as was also the audited balance-sheet for the year 1883. A return was submitted showing that 39 prosecutions under the Sale and Use of poisons Act, and two cases under the Pharmacy Act, had been instituted since the last meeting. In every instance brought into court a conviction bad been obtained. The board of examiners forwarded a report of the recent examinations, which was adopted, and a motion re-appointing the retiring ex- aminers carried. A number of reports from the Chief Commissioner of Police, in reference to death by poison were received. At the conclusion of the business a vote of thanks was unanimously carried to Mr A. J. Owen, the retiring member of the board. A question of some considerable interest to municipal bodies (says the Age) came before the Elthamshire Council at their last meet- ing, when a circular was read from the Shep- partonshire Council, stating that Mr Hodges’ opinion had been taken on the subject of publicans' license-fees, which was to the effect, “That in his opinion the Supreme Court would, in view of previous decisions, hold that renewals, of new licences are not themselves new licences, i.e., that a license cannot be a new license for more than one year.” Mr Hodges advised "that the local bodies, and not the Government, are entitled to all fees on renewed license, whether such renewed licences were originally new licences or not.” The Shepparton council thought it desirable that a test case should be brought before the Supreme Court to settle the question, but con- sidered that, as the matter was one of general interest, all municipal bodies should contribute equally to the expenses. In the course of the conversation which ensued it was mentioned that similar opinions had been given by Mr Webb, Q C., and the standing counsel to the borough of Daylesford, and that as regarded the expense, if a friendly suit were instituted, it would be only a trifle. A reply was or- dered to be sent that the council would co- operate as desired, but suggesting that this was a case which might be dealt with by the Muni- cipal Association. A meeting of the Executive Council was held on Wednesday, when some important mat- ters affecting the new militia were dealt with. The resignation of Surgeon-Major Hewlett, of the volunteer force, was (says the Age) re- ceived and accepted, and the following new appointments were made :— Major John Aitken, from the volunteer force, to be lieut.- colonel, to command a battalion of infantry; Major George Napier Turner, from the volun- teer force to be major to command a battery of field artillery; Major Henry James King from the volunteer force to command a battery of field artillery; Major Robert Henry Shake- spear, from the volunteer force, to be major to command a corps of engineers; Captain John Walter Hacker, from the volunteer force, to be captain to command a battery of field artillery. The Governor-in-Council also dis- continues the services of and disbands the fol- lowing volunteer corps :—The East Melbourne Artillery (field), the St. Kilda Artillery (field), The Emerald Hill Artillery Garrison, the Engineers, the Bendigo Rifles, the 1st Castle- maine Rifles, the 2nd Castlemaine Rifles; and dispenses with the services of every volunteer of these corps. It is probable that at the next Executive the other corps will be dis- banded. The Speakers and members of the New Zealand Parliament recently, forwarded an in- vitation to Mr Gladstone to pay a visit to that colony. The following reply from the English Premier is published in the New Zealand journals :— "10 Downing, street, Whitehall, 26th October, 1883.—Gentlemen, —I have the honour to acknowledge with sentiments of re- spect and gratitude the invitation to visit New Zealand which you have addressed to me on the part of the Legislative Houses of that advanced and important colony, as well as on your own part. It is unhappily impossible for me to comply with the invitation, on account of the constant pressure of my official duties, which ill admit of any removal even to points much nearer this island and this metropolis. It is not without much regret that I make this reply to your courteous proposal, for I am very sensible of the practical benefits produced by interchange of visits between the inhabi- tants of the different portions of the Empire, in closer sympathies aa well as in enlarged information. I have many reasons for wish- ing to see this interchange frequent and ex- tended, besides the fact that nearly 49 years ago I was first placed in official relations with the colonies, and that the early impressions thus produced do not easily depart. But all general considerations which I feel to be applicable tell in the case of New Zealand with peculiar force. Besides the fact that one of my near relations has a distinct interest in its prosperity, and has repeatedly visited its shores, and that, one of my dearest friends was its first and illustrious Bishop, I took a warm interest in the proceedings connected with its earlier history, and I consider that in that history were worked out many of the soundest principles which now regulate the colonial con- nection, and which promise to make it alike honourable, beneficial and enduring.— I am, &c.;, (Signed) W. E. GLADSTONE. To the Speakers of the Legislative Houses of New Zealand.” An accident happened on Wednesday after- noon about half-past 2 o’clock, at Kenney’s baths, Brighton beach, whereby a young girl named Bessy Scott, aged 17 years, lost her life by drowning. The deceased, who resided at Union street, Windsor, accompanied by a friend pained Georgina Harrison, proceeded to Brighton to bathe. Deceased, who was (says the Age) considered to be an expert swimmer, is supposed, owing to the heavy surf prevailing at the time, to have been washed against one of the piles, and rendered senseless. A con- siderable time elapsed before the body was recovered by a young man named George Stewart and Constable McCoppin. The latter, at great personal risk, swam out to the body, and brought it ashore, when life was found to be extinct.. “Ægles,” in the Australasian says :— "Mrs Sweetbriar, who is one of the most good- natured women in the world, had always fondly imagined that she was mistress of her own house. She had a rude awakening the other day. Her excellent, but self-assertive, maid- of-all-work had been granted a fortnight’s holiday, and about the time of the leave ex- piring Mrs S., gave certain directions to the locum tenens of the absent one. "Yea," said the substitute, "I expect I had better have all these things done before the boss comes home." Tenders are invited by the Town Council for cleansing and watering the streets, and for the supply of 4000 cubic yards of bluestone in one or two contracts. The Misses Coffey, 44 Lyons street, have re- sumed tuition in music. Applications are invited for the position of choir conductor for St. Andrew’s Kirk. A meeting of the Trades' Hall Committee takes place at the office, Camp street, at 8 o’clock this evening. A meeting of the stewards of the Lal Lal Falls Turf Club will be held at 3.30 o'clock this afternoon, at Hager’s Criterion hotel. The Ballarat Water Commissioners notify the striking of a rate for water supply pur- poses. Mr J. J. Smith, auctioneer, has received in- structions to dispose of the plant, &c.;, of the Davies' Stohebarn Company, on Tuesday, 15th instant. Dr J. H. Water, preparer for the matricula- tion, announces German, French, and Italian conversational classes at his residence, 26 Lyons street. 