MELBOURNE. (fKOjVI OUB OWN CORKESPONDENT.) I Saturday. A special meeting of the Cabinet will, I understand, be held on Monday, chiefly for the purpose of dealing with certain j Ministerial changes and re- distribution of port-folios, which hare been deemed desirable owing to the appointment of a Board of Commissioners for the manage- , ment of the Victorian railways. It is | generally supposed that, while preserving the nominal position of Minister of Kail ways, Mr Gillies will be called upon to i undertake the Commissionership of Public I Works, thus relieving Mr Deakin, the Solicitor-General, from that branch of his present duties ; but, hitherto, Ministers . have been extremely reticent as to the | whole matter. So far, however, as the representation of the Government is con cerned, I have good grounds for the belief that a port-folio—probably that of the post-oflice—will be offered to, and accepted, by the hon. Jas. Campbell, M.L.C. The Kailway Commissioners, accompa nied by Mr Barter, Acting ■ Traffic Mana ger, Mr Murls, Locomotive Superinten dent, and Mr Greene, engineer of Exist ing Lines, visited the scene of the late fatal collision at the Little Kiver this morning. A claim for compensation for bodily injuries received on the occasion of the accident has been made by a Miss Theresa Whitfield, and in addition to the sufferers whose names have already been mentioned, I learn that a young man named Field, staying at Shiel's hotel, Lonsdale-street, has sustained serious internal injuries,, for which he is under medical treatment. The sufferers in the hospital are reported to be progressing favourably. With so many lines of large passenger steamers engaged in the trade between Europe and Australia, it will occasion surprise to people when they are told that ] the demand for berths for the homeward voyage just now exceeds the supply, to such an extent, that at the present moment, anyone who desires a speedy trip to the old country would probably njt be able to obtain one. This is of course the time of year when trips to the old country prevail, nevertheless the present rush for berths is something out j of the common. _ An inquest was commenced by the city coroner to-day upon the body of Robert Hutchison, the young* fireman who was killed by the explosion of a loco motive boiler at Sunbury on Thursday. Evidence of identification and the cause of death, rupture of the liver only, was given, and the coroner then adjourned the enquiry until Thursday, April 17th, in order that the boiler which exploded may be thoroughly tested by experts. A race meeting under the auspices of the Trotting Club was held at Els tern wick to-day, in the presence of a very moderate attendance, with the following results:—Hurdle Race—Ned Kelly, 1; Don Alonzo, 2; First Try, 3. Maiden I Trot—Black Tracker, 1; Lubra, 2. [ Elwood Handicap—Honora, 1; Priestess, j 2; Countryman, 3. Selling Race— Ghost, 1 j Leporello, 2; Quietude, 3. Elsternwick Park Handicap—Agatha, 1; Raillery, 2 ; Lyons Lady, 3. You will have seen that a movement is on foot to afford pecuniary assistance to Fred. Marshall, the actor, who is suffering from a mental affliction which, it is almost certain, will be permanent. The thousands who witnessed his masterly exposition of Quilp, Jeames, The Professor, and other characters which he made his own, will learn with true regret that in all human probability he will never appear on the stage again. This, at all events, is the opinion of two Buch competent authorities as Drs. Robertson and Balls- Headly. He tried to fulfil an engagement when in England, but failed. Since his illness he has become quite stout, his physical con dition having improved with the decay of his mental faculties. The editor of the Argus has consented to receive subscrip tions on poor Marshall's behalf. (By Electric Telegraph.) Sunday Evening His Honor Judge hlacfarland diec bis residence this morning, after a a] llnese The engine driver (Mr Harris), of the locomotive, the boiler of.which exploded on Thursday morning after passing Sun bury, was slightly improved in health to day. The doctors now consider that there is every chance of his recovery. The coronial enquiry into the cause of the death of Mr Wm. Hawthorn, who was shot when in bed at Brighton, was con cluded late on Saturday night at the Brighton courthouse, and the jury re turned a verdict tantamount to acquitting James Hawthorn, who was in custody of complicity in the death of his brother. In the dumb-bell competition between Professor Miller and Donald Dinnie, the Scotch athlete, at the Exhibition Hall on Saturday evening, Miller showed himself slightly superior, and he was awarded the victory. 