Sydney. March 25. A man named Patrick English has been charged at Gundagai with setting lire to several paddocks at Colac. When ? arrested he liau just lit a fire in a paddock ! and was standing in the middle of it. He is a lunatic, and has been in an asylum. He was remanded. Tlie consideration oi tne i^anu uni | will be resumed by the Assembly next week. Sir Arthur Palmer, President of tlie Legislative Council of Queensland, ar rived here from Brisbane on Sunday. The Sydney Liedertafel have presented a goldeu lyre to Mr. W. H. Giddy, the late secretary, who is leaving for Mel bourne. With reference to the recent cable message stating that the appointment of a Higli Commissioner for the Western Pacific had been delayed owing to the failure of the colonies to contribute the required sum, no information has been received by tlie Government of this colony from England. No request or suggestion that the colonies should con tribute annually £10,000 has been made to the Government of New South Wales by the Imperial Government, and until something authoritative and explicit has been received nothing will be done so far as the Government of this colony is concerned towards asking the sanction of Parliament to the contribution of any portion of the expense attending the ap pointment of a Commissioner. It is probable that the proposed match between Hanlan and Beach will take another form, and that the stakes will be £1000 a side. The details will be arranged at the Oxford Hotel on Wednesday next. The Canterbury Park races were'largely attended, and the weather was line. Hanlan was present by invitation of the committee of the club, and well received. He presented the ladies' bracelet to the winner of that race. Large fields went to the post for the various events, every one of which was well contested. The following are the results : — Flying Handicap. — Boniface, 8st41b, 1; Rataplan, 7st 2lb, 2 ; Soldier Boy, 9st 71b, 3\. Sixteen started. Won by a length and a half. Time, lmin 37sec. Selling Race.— Paul, 7st 71b, 1 ; Fritz, Gst 121b, 2 ; Tait, 0,st 121b, 3. Won easily by four lengths. Time, lmin 4Sscc. ' Autumn Handicap. — 'Tios, 7st, 41b, 1 ; Manfred, 8st 21b, 2 ; Liberty, 7st 111b, 3 ; Thirteen ran. Tros won comfortably by couple of lengths. Time, lmin. 27 sees. Suburban Handicap. — Soldier Boy, 9st 31b, 1 ; Phyllis, 7st, 2 ; Strathmore, Sst, 3\. The other starters were Hypatia, Polestar, Jessie, Here's Luck, Paul, Gladiator, Macaroni, Jack of Clubs, Tail, Friendship, The Demon and Mirabeau. Hypatia led into the straight, but Soldier Bay overhauled him, and won easily by a couple of lengths. Time, 1 iniu, 37 sees. Ladies' Bracelet. — Exchange, Sst 7lb, 1 : Saionara, lOst 91b, 2 ; Regulator, 9st 71b, 3. This was a goou race. Time, 2 min. 20sec. The following scratcliings were posted to-day For the Hawkesbury Autumn Handicap — Precious Stone. Rowley Mile — Morpeth, Segenhoe, Bargo, Salvo, Bellbird, Waxworks, Le Grand, Mileta, Bohemian, Sportsman, Precious Stone, and Blenheim. Little wagering has been done on the coming events. Despot, Maroney, and Ghost are in favour lor the Hawkesbury Handicap, but very little right out bet ting took place. For the A.J.C. St. Leger, 5 to 4 is the best offer against Martini-Henry, and C to 4 against Le Grand. There is a disposition to back the latter at 7 to 4, while 5 to 1 is forth coming against either Ofl'Colour or War wick. The following are the leading features of tlie Sydney Cup betting: — 100 to 15 against Commotion ; 100 to 12 against Le Grand ; 100 to 8 each against Martini-Henry and Despot ; 100 to 7 Ofl' Colour. In the Legislative Assembly to-day the Minister for Lands (the Hon. J. S. Far nell) said it was the Intention of the Go vernment to proceed with the Land Bill when the estimates were passed. Mr. L. F. Heydon (Yass Plains) moved the adoption of a resolution for transmission to tlie Secretary of State for the Colonies (Lord Derby) declaring that as the pro ceedings of the delegates at the Interco lonial Convention had not yet been sub mitted to the House for consideration, the House resolves that it is desirable that before the Federal Council, or any ]5ill based upon it, is passed by tlie British Parliament such a Bill be sub mitted to the Parliament of this colony. The Premier (Hon. A. Stuart) supported the resolution, which was carried. The Legal Practitioners Amalgamation Bill was read a second time, and provides that attorneys may appear in courts without barrister and vine versa. A man, so far unidentified, was killed this afternoon by jumping offa Newtown tram whilst in motion. Various proposals are being made for the reception of Dr. Barry, Bishop of Sydney, but nothing definite is arranged. The installation and enthronement will probably come ofl' on the 22nd April. 'J'he Diamond Company at Bingcra has obtained 311 diamonds after two days washing. Constable Power shot himself through the head with a revolver at the police station, Cundletown. He is unexpected to survive. March 26. Hanlan lias acccpted an invitation to attend the Wooloomooloo Bay Regatta on Saturday. He visited the Sydney Rowing (.'liili shed yesterday, and took 'a I spin across the harbor. | 