THE CITY, AND THE CASTLE. By Annie Lucas. A Story . op the Reformation in Switzer- land.- . , : . . . CnAPl'ER XII. .( ! the- pope's pardons. ' Who can forgive sms bntGod only MAllK il. 7. ... It was the: evening of onetof tho last days of February; All , thoiReinhardt family, ox- icept itsdiead, were: assembled in: the house- room, ;when. the door was suddenly thrown onen, and Gorold von Knonau entered. (Scarce . pausing f or a word, of greeting, lie exclaimed 'excitedly, — ..... " He is gone 1 .Max ! Friodel ! ; ; The die is cast !. Tho,.Ruhicon isitpassed 1, Truth's ; first victory is won iniZurich ! " ,, . " Scarce the first, Gsrold," Friedel answered , quietly ; that was gained when its fountain was opened. : , But is this. well ? is it, wise ?" " Well and wise ? Friedel ! - thou . askest .thus?" , , i Friedel was silent, while the troubled, porrZ : plexod look his face, 'oyer, .wore when the in novations on .the .old./systenKwero discussed came over it but Max answered, — . .. . " Surely -it is - right' well and wholly, wise. (Didst thou see hirn go, Gerold? I'll warrant ho growled like a dog robbed of a bono !" " Of what.are.you speaking.?"' said Bertha, in. her sharp, .quick tone.:, " Who "is gono, Gerold ? This Ulric Zwinglo, of wliom. mon's mouths are so full ?" / Heaven forbid. ...No, Bertha. ... I speak of Samson; the indulgence-monger. Thou know- est already, how Dean Bullinger withstood him tit .Bremgarten, and rode hither post haste to: forestal his coming. - Zwinglo has not laboured in vain, and the: council sent de puties to say Zurich hud no need of him, and, that they might give no cau.seloss offence, .offered him tho customary, present of. wine- as Papah Envoy. Ho professed to. have a -special message from his .Holiness the Popo, and so prevailed on the. deputies to admit him. But it was all a trick ; lie spoke of nought but his bulls- and--. his papers. : So, . after compelling him to retract his excom munication of the good. Dean of Bremgarten, they have dismissed him.. , Zurich will. noL bo - defiled bv the mummeries, that were , enacted at. Berne." . - Thou speakest boldly, Gerold," said.Bortha. " Are there then no sinners in Zurich that need: the pardons ho .vends, so cheaply ? " : '.' No, - Bertha,'! the boy - replied .gravely ; "the people of Zurich have, I trust, . learned that they need, more than . paper, , pardons, bought for money. They are real, sinners, and need real pardons.": . < , " But those are reaL indulgences, granted by. tho Pope himself.", Bertha's voice was cold and measured. as usual, butwith a touch: of bitter irony in it.i.!,.-'. s , " Yes,. Bertha ;.,b'ut what right has the Popo to grant them ? How . can. gold or silver i or coppor buy pardon for sin ?t how, can man pardon what is done against God alone? Christ alone can , grant - forgiveness. His blood alone can- buy it. And think, Bertha,- if sin was of so little moment as to be put away thus, . what was the need of Christ's bitter cross? Nay, if pardon was to be won l by manls desert at all, /why did He die The Holy Scriptures teach . us. that forgiveness is /God's free gift through (Christ, who . alone, i being v ery God and very man, has ; power: to bestow it." r " Thy wisdom is beyond me, Gerold, " said ( Bertha. . " I leave these .things' to wiser heads.". . , : t. j , " Would that thou couldst hear Zwingle for thyself then. It is a pity that thy father is so set against him." .... " By all accounts lie needs the forgiveness of which lie preaches so much for his own. misdeeds. There are 'dark tales told of him." " All ! by liis enemies, yes ; but, Bertha, tlio Holy Scriptures tell us the Lord Christ him self was called a glutton rind a wine-bibber. But Ulric Zwingle thinkB himself no saint ; lie looks upon. (himself as a- poor , vile. sinner, saved, only | ,by;!Chrish - . It -is ,a forgiveness heeded aridifourid by himsoif; that he offers to. others. Not from thb/. , Pope, ; but',, from ,Cliri8t. . And: yet those tilings men; say of him are/uritruo./; All wFq;;know:.hm witriessito his/faith, his.meckness, his. patience under. insult andfinjiiry./ '(Tho. greatest , crime rthey/oiiri -truly lay to his:charge.i8; his love of music, and, /that/ is surely , no great sin. . , But .wlieri ho crime : to Zurich the burden of ; the chapter's. charge was tribriey, money ; the sum of his /teaching is Christ, Christ. v And /the two things clash." / ' .. .. / / . . " He has , a warm champion in: thee/ at .leastj Gerold," said Max, luughing.; and: the , coriyersation .was changod by, the entrance of Horr Reinhardt. Gerold hastened home/and .the family/sat down to their evening meal. Z ./The matter of indulgences formed a much (less 'important feature in the Swiss than in the Gorraari.Rpfbrmation ;,the Papal authority had never boon so absolute in Switzerland, and this/. was not tlio first time tlio high- spirited. mountaineers had resisted its « en croachments. The impious absurdities that had attended Samson's progress through; the , country, and which. had been especially fiag- ?rarit/at. Berne, wore no less striking tlian/those / which fanned .the spark of holy-., indignation /into a flame in/ Luther's;'.bre.ast,..arid .dt,:./time ,when//irieri',s minds were,, almost; universally' 'stirred ./within .them/ could/, scnrcely/fail to I frustrate th'eir.own end.. In Zurich, Zwingle preaclied ;with/ great zeal and vigour against / them/ /arid "the result/. was . what Gerold. had '/described. , ' , / , t : The/evening -wore on. Max. and . Friodel sat/,. at; /the.; table, with, their i books.- .Hans, haying 'finished his , tasks, was usily engaged crirying sbme piecea of; wood, an /occupation iri which he. displayed groat . taste,. but. which occasioned endless; conflicts ; between /himr and ! Bertha, as, liis /chips, and ,'whitlirigs/ knives . and., materials ...were .always strewed./ in/ the most , distracting , manripr / on . her polished -tables- ari'd chairs. , Little/Clrire /flitted about from :one;to,the. other ; Ber'tlia sat at .the.table knitting/ 1 Hen; Rpinhai;dtriin' his, ;great arm chair ; Paul lay on his couch, .with 'Madeline .-beside. -.him.-.- .. By the latter's side . stood a .'small table.hearing a; carefullyshaded lamp ; but >her embroidery lay upon' her. knee,- and thoughfrom tiino to. time she took -it. up, and drew ri'.-few .stitches :with listless fingers, it sooridropped again.., Her head rested wearily againstjtho, high, (Straight back 'of her chair, lior face was -pale and thin, Rer, soft. eyes ' heavy and listless, /and. a, /.weary, spiritless . look sat. on dier whole, figure.:. She; did not know it/( but For,, father's eyeB often .rested anxiously upon her from under. the hand/that shaded his brow.: .Hop health, , had been 'such as to alarm "thern all of late. She ;had no special ailment, but an indescribablo languor . had seized her, and strength and appetite had (f ailed. \ This.' Herr Reinhardt , had scarcely ' noticed, until Paul's physician .had that"; day spokon, to liirn about it,' at : the same time ' assuring him all . she needed was change of air and scene, and relief from the constant sight of Paul's Buffering, which .was .too.much for her sensitive spirit. .. / . Tho quiet of the. group, was. suddenly broken by a loud knocking at the door. Max rose, and opened it, returning with a;inan-at- arms, wearing the. badge :6f the Ohrendorfs, who at, onco advanced . towards Horr Rein hardt, causing Clare to utter a cry of terror, and cling to her father. " Never fear, little maiden ; I have no room for thee in my wallet," he said- . with grim good humour, " pretty as thou art. . Nay, but by the saint8,.thy hair is.a3golden as.our.,own fair lady's — the fairest in . all' Neufchiitel. Wilt thou not give mealock to test it ?!' and to her great indignation, ho seized one of her shining, curls,: and made as though -lie would have severed it: with his halberd. . . ; : " How now, my good fellow ? Toll thine errand, and let the child alone.— Ho will not hurt tlioe, my sweet," said -Herr Reinhardt, disengaging. tho silken tress from the trooper's hand. " My errand, good sir, is to find one Hans Reinhardt, silk-merchant of Zurich, and de liver hi ma letter from my lord, the Baron von Ohrendorf. And if, as I suppose, thou "art lie; I shall have performed : it thus and drawing a packet; tied- with green si Ik and fastened with a seal bearing .the crests of Vaudemont and Ohrondorf, from his leathern pouch, ho placed it in Herr. Reinhardt's ex tended hand. . " And thy lord, is he in Zurich ?" : " By ' the mass, man, no . could lie have reached thee , by the tongue, lie had .scarce troubled to use a, pen. -Not that . 7»e'j used it either. The good baron's fingers are best fitted for the sword or the wine- cup. .Twenty of us have been with him . at, tlio Diet of Augsburg,, and on our way home he sont me hither froth Basle "with this letter! To morrow I must bear back thine answer with ; all speed so 'have .it ready." , . " Thou : hast been at, Augsburg, saidst thou?'" " Ay, have I, and seen the little ruonk, Martin Luther, that is setting all the priests aridt bi8hops in the empire by tHe; ears. ; - The place was too hot, though he' had to "skulk ,off by night." " Did he fly-?!' said Friedel ; and Max ex claimed, "TboU|liest, knave. Ho stood firm, arid silenced all who opposed him.' - " The more reason ho in turn should bo silenced. And fit too, say L If that tongue of his is loft to wag, his Holiness the Pope must look out tor tresh quurters. And they tbll me thou hast his twin here — that Zurich is on the way to be as hot a nest of heretics as Wittemberg, where Luther lias turned all heads. As I came iri hither I met Father Samson riding out as full of wrath, 1 can toll you, as his chests were full of money. If his 'curses can hurt this good city of Zurich, you had best look out. Thou art a councillor, too, good sir; didst thou help to drive the holy man away ? " " T will take part in nought that can injure the Holy Church," said the merchant gravely, hut with some embarrassment; "and it is such men ns Samson, and such juggling de ceptions as he haB been carrying on, that make way for such as Luther and this Zwingle. It is only fools that can be duped by such follies and frauds. It is the evil practices carried on in the name of religion that have made men, who are eager to get their names into all men's lips, set to work to make anew faith, which, while professing to come from God and to be deduced from the Scriptures, \- is of the devil, liko those that preach it." " Ah !" said the trooper ; " they do say that ' Luther is the fiend incarnate. I looked, but could not see the cloven foot myself. Then you do not favouf the new-fangled teach ings?" " No ; but neither do I favour things con trary to all reason and common sense because carried on under the pretended— for I believe it to be no more— authority of the Pope. Therefore gave I my voice this day for the' ex pulsion of this juggling monk from our city. None the less am I opposed to the blasphe mous heresies that restless, ambitious men are bringing into the Church under tlie pre tence of their being God's truths." The trooper's rugged but jovial face be came overcast. "I thought it was only Bcoffers and heretics," he said, " that doubted the merit of these indulgences. But thou, it seems, art neither. If tbou art right, good sir, I would that my three gold crowns were 1 back in my pouch, and the parchment for which I exchanged them in the monk's chest." " Ha ! has thou then been trapped ? I should have thought thee too shrewd, Ludwig Scbutz. And thou wert not wont to pay much heed to these things when thou and 1 followed thy lord's banner against the Burgundians." "So thou hast not forgotten that. No; not 1 1 A trooper's life is not altogether that of a saint. But a man must do something for his soul. I have not been worse than my comrades, but there are some things of which I care not to think when I ride alone through the forests, as I did last night. I declare I thought ;t— but never mind that. We all need forgiveness ; and when I met Father Samson, and he offered to sell me an indulgence for three crowns that would set my soul all right at once, why, I thought I might do worse, and could scarce do better." " Knowest thou not, that if thou hadst had but one crown thou wouldst have had the same privileges granted thee. Thou hast paid a high price, my friend." " Oh ! as to that, he showed me some on common paper for two farthings ; but, as he said, mine would have to stand tough wear. And truth to tell," he added in a lower voice, " those three crowns weighed like lead in my pouchy last night in the forest, and I made up my mind to give them to some trusty priest —if such could be found— to take as an offer ing to Our Lady's Shrine at Einsiodeln." " And thou didst tell Samson this?" " Ay, I am ever too ready of speech ; and he said the good spending would outweigh the ill-getting. Well, at any rate, this will weigh lighter than that cursed' gold." And he drew forth a small parchment roll from his breast. " Are ye scholars, young, sirs ?" he continued, turning to Max and Friedel. " If so, read' this'; "I would fain khow if it saith what Father Samson told me." , Friedel took the roll,' and read slowly and .distinctly, .from it i" May our Lord Jesus Christ have mercy 'upon thee, 'and absolve.; thee through tho rherits of the Most Holy Pope. And ij by his authority, that of his blessed apostles, Peter and Paul, and /off the ' Most ' Holy, Pope, granted and committed to me in ' these parts, do': absolve thee,' first, ' from all ecclesiastical censures,'; in whatever manner incurred,' and 'then f roin all thy sins, trans gressions, excesses how enormous soeverthey ! be, en from such as nre. reserved /for the cognizaricoof. the'Holy'See j'ahd/as far as the keys of. the Holy 'Chiinili extend', '1 remit to you all punishment' wliich 'you 'deserve in purgatory forthat account', arid Iffestore/you to the holy sacraments of the Church, to' the unity of the . faithful, and to that ' innocence and purity whi'ch you poMessed at baptism ; so. that' when you die tlie gates of punishment shall be' sliut1,' and thegatesof the paradise of delight shall be opened unto 'you ; arid if you // .shall -.not ''die' "at-'preseht tliis grace shall re-' ..';.:'main'!ti<full,fqrce'';when'you are at the point . ' of death, v In tlie name off the Father, of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost." '/ . There 1 " exclaimed the trooper triumph- ' " antly/ns Friedel finished reading, " is not' tliat worth/three crowns'of/anyman's money, Ic-ffaldne'ihese three'bf mine ? I 'know not what it'all means, but I can make out that it promises pardon foru all past 'sins 'an'd de liverance from .purgatory, and that; is'all I want. A man must die some time, and sixty years or more of such rough work as mine wears out thebo'dy and blackens the soul. But thou,. art .not convinced," he. added, as Horr Bernhardt .shook hiSjlread.. There was something pitiful in'the mingled anxiety and' bravado with which, the old man- at-arms looked from him to Friedel/'/ / / - " No ; it tliy inoney/hiid . been offered to the Virgin, or to purchase the prayers of good men, they might' have; helped thee, but hot that paper. , . Say ' thy prayers, man/ and honour the saints, and do thy duty, and seek by faith and repentance to atone for the, past; but see thou trust not to it. But now tbou must be wearied with thy journey, and I must to thy lord's letter. To-morrow, sayst thou, tliou leavest ? " ' ' Ay ! at daybreak ; so mind thine answer be ready. Thou knowest, of old, my lord brooks not delay." " Well, go to thine hostelry then, and take this to drink thy good lord's health." The man took the money, and turned toward Friedel, who still stood with the indulgence-paper in his hand. "I may as well keep the thing," he said ; " at least it can do me no harm. But, somehow, I have lost my faith in it ;" and be returned it to its place in the breast of his doublet. " Thou wouldst not go to battle with a paper sword," said Max, laughing ; " and me- thinks thou wouldst find a paper pardon as poor a thing to withstand the Evil One." Friedel had stood silent with grave, thought ful face, but when the trooper said, with a lightness that covered a deeper feeling, " Well, I think I had best keep to my old trade. I am no fool in that, and for the rest I must trust to my luck and the blessed saints. Forgiveness is beyond reach of my purse and my pains, I reckon," — he replied in a firm, clear voice : " Soy not so, good Ludwig. Forgiveness is beyond the reach of none who seek it where alone it is to be found — in tbe grace of God in Christ. It is, indeed, beyond thy purse and thy pains. But God sells not ho gives. He gave His Son to die, and through that death he gives pardon to all who truly seek it. Christ alone can pardon sin." All were startled by these words from the silent, guarded Friedel ; none more so than himself. When he spoke at all of the inno vations which were being even then gradually introduced into the religion to which he clung with pious and affectionate reverence, it was with perplexity, even with pain : but if his mind was slow to relinquish the old and to receive the new, it was none tbe less earnest in its pursuit of truth ; and already in the depths of his heart the seeds of gospel truth, received at Basle, and since fostered by the teachings of Oswald Myconius, were taking root downwards, though as yet they had borne no fruit upwards. So that while the im- petuouB and volatile Max warmly signified his adherence to the new opinions, and ap plauded every onward step, he seemed un moved and unconvinced ; and, perhaps, until the actual reading of the blasphemous indul gence-paper, in which man arrogated to him self the privilege that is God's alone, he was scarcely conscious how far he had been led to coincide witb the new views which he had yet made the object of bo much silent thought and prayer. "Why, that is what the Lutherans say!" exclaimed, the trooper. " Well, perhaps they are right ; who knows? But the old way is easiest after all. Easier to buy than to beg — that is, if you have the money. What dost thou say, little maiden ? wilt thou give , me thy forgivenes, or must I buy it by bring ing thee a fairing next time I come to Zurich?" ,"I do not want a fairing, and I have nothing to forgive ; but thou shouldst not have touched my hair," said Clare, with dig nity. "But' I know the Lord Christ will for give thee if thou askest him. He is good, he is;kirid, and lie loves thee." " Nay, little maiden, not an old sinner like me." ; " He does. Gerold Meyer told me some words yesterday from the Holy Book. I can't say them ; but they meant that God showed how much he loved us when we were yet sinners, because he gave Christ to die for us ; and these I do remember, 'Jesus Christ came into the world to save sinners.' If thou wahteBt pardon forever so many sins,- ask ' him to forgive arid save thee! He will ; he loves thee." And in her earnestness she went up to the soldier and laid her little hand in his. Clare, Clare," said her father /sharply, " what art thou talking out ? ; Iff ' Gerald Meyer brings any of Zwingle's notioris to this house, he comes to it no more." "Nay, chide her not/good sir. The words are good words. Say them again, my pretty one." And Clare repeated, " Jesus Christ came into ' the world to save sinners," with her blue eyes raised to the face from which she had shrunk beforo. "Thanks, thanks.; remember old Ludwig Scbutz in thy prayers. The Lord Christ may hear ; them— but ' old Ludwig's I , That is another matter." 1 And laying his hand on the/bright head for a moment, with something very like a tear glittering in his eye, he abruptly wished good night; arid left the room. ' ; " Clare," said her father, " what is this that Gerold Meyer, lias; been telling' thee ? Re member I will have none of Luther's or Zwingle's teachings here," and lie glanced meaningly at Friedel. "Ah, bo' not angry, father dear. Those are the words Gerold told ' mo, and they are good — they arotrue. Why, father/ they are from God's Book !" ; ' " Yes, my child ; but/God's Book is great and deep, and only meant 'for' those1 who; are' wise and learned/ Igriorarit people make dreadful mistakes when they read it." " Do they ? Ah,! but this is so plain ! A little child like mo can understand that. ; And it makes me love the Lord Christ so much moire' than" I did when I thought he only loved good people and saints. I had been naughty yesterday when Gerold came, and Bertha was . angry ; and I was crying, because I thought the Lord Christ would be angry; too. ; But when I told Gerold — he is ahvayB so kind, thou knowest — how I feared the' Lord Christ ' would not love such a.naughty.girl any mo'rri,' he. said, ' He did not. love us because we were good, but because lie himself was so kind and so full of love, and Ave so poor, and weak, and helpless, but that lie wanted to make us good.' And then he told ino tlioBO words. I liked them, and I thought I understood them. Because a sinner is a naughty, wicked person, and I had been a naughty, wicked child ; arid if the Lord Jesus Christ came to save sinners, it must mean that he came to save me, mustn't it? When that strange old man took hold of my hair, I was very angry with him ; but when he seemed so disappointed and sorry about the paper he had given so much for being good for nothing, I felt sorry too, and thought it was a pity he should not know the Lord Jesus Christ was so good and willing to forgive. So I could not help telling him. Thou art not angry with thy little Clare, father dear?" She looked anxiously into the grave-set face that was rarely stern for her. " Not angry, my child, surely not ; but I would rather hear thee talk of thy sports and thy pets. These are no things to fill a child's mind. But now I must read the baron's letter ; bring it hither, and then hie thee to thy bed, iny flower, my sweet one — it is late. There, kiss me — no more talk to-night, thy little tongue has done its part. Madeline, give me thy lamp." And, drawing his heavy chair closer to the table, he broke the seal. The light of the lamp fell full upon Raul's face from its new position, his father having removed the shade to obtain clearer light. Sadly changed was that face even from the day on which we last looked on it. The complexion had faded to one even, leaden tint ; the full, broad brow and great dark eyes seemed more than ever disproportionate to the small, finely-cut features, and the former was deeply furrowed with wrinkles brought there by a perpetual frown. The features themselves seemed to have lost their beauty ; they were pinched, drawn, and sharpened, and overshadowed with an expres sion at once pitiful to see and impossible to describe, so peevish, so sullen, so utterly hopeless. It was at once a relief and a pain to turn from contemplating Paul, to the twin brothers as they sat side by side at the table, some times speaking in low tones as they compared notes, sometimes deep in study. They were at once strangely alike and unlike. Both were fair, with blue eyes and light hair ; but while Max's eyes were full of fun and fire, Friedel's were deep and still. Max's brow was open and full, Friedel's broader and more full of thought ; the expression of Max's mouth was joyous and winning, that of Friedel's decided, yet sensitive and sweet. It seemed as if Paul felt the contrast be tween them and himself, for he lay with his dark, mournful eyes fixed upon them, and a fire in them that was not lighted at love's altar. Indeed, of late he had been at no pains to conceal his ill- feelings towards the brothers before whom life stretched out so fair a path way. Poor Paul — poor, erring, weary, suf fering Paul — thou knewest not that the cords which cut so deep into thy quivering flesh were twined of everlasting love, that the pierced hands that bound thee with them were those of One who suffered sharper pangs for thee, of One who loved thee, even thee !" At last Herr Beinhardt looked up from the letter, and said abruptly, " Madeline, this letter concerns thee !" " Me , father I" exclaimed the girl, in ex treme astonishment. " Yes ; it is from the Baron von Olirendorf, on the part of his wife, the Lady Ermongarde ; dost thou remember her ?" ' Oh yes, Madeline," broke in Hans, whose patience had been sorely tested by his father's long silence, which yet he dared not break ; " the lady that came to see mother, in velvet and jewels, with the beautiful little girl that had such lovely, golden hair like Clare's/ I remember quite well, though I was only a little boy ; and the lady wanted mother to let her take you to her grand castle to be with — " " Silence, Hans. I spoke to Madeline. — Thou 'wilt remember her, Madeline. And thou knowest, doubtless, that thy mother was as a sister to her in their youth at the Castle of Yaudemont." " Was she?" cried the irrepressible Hans. " Then how did she come to marry a burgher ? Ladies in castles wear pearls, and — " /'Silence, Hans," thundered his father ; "go to thy bed at once. '. Dost hear me, sirrah ?" Poor Hans was obliged to obey at Once. Indeed, he had already presumed most un- wontedly ; the torment, of the household, he yet held his father in extreme awe, and rarely presumed on any . pranks in his presence. . "I do remember her, father," said Madeline. " And she' thee, it seems. This letter con tains an urgent request that I will spare thee ,to her for a few months, and pleads a promise of thy mother to do so when thou shouldst be old enough; Knowest thou aught of this ?" "Yes," stammered Madeline/bewildered arid surprised ; " at least, I know the Lady Ermerigafde much wished my mother to let' me return with her to Yaudernorit. ' The Lady Muriel, /too, ploaded hard ; and ;. my mother said 1 was too young. But that must bo four— five years ago." </ " Well, it seems the Lady Muriel is pining' for the companionship of her brother, the young Count Raymond, who is away, at some university or other/ and has set her heart on- having thee with her this coming summer; What sayest thou ? '' "I? Oh, father!" "Yes ; thero mightbe a worse thing forthoe. Thou art pale. Life has been diard on thee of late. And about ri week horico I must go to Basle on some matters, of business. The baron will send thee ari escort thence, he saysj ' and thou mightest accompany thine Uncle Andrew on his way hither in the autumn. For thy mother's sake, the good Lady Ermon garde will love and bo tender to thee. The baron will protect thee for mine. I had thought to leave thee awhile with thine Aunt Katteriu at Basle ; but she and thine Uncle Andrew are alike bewitched with this, doc- trine fever." " But, father, I cannot leave you all. " And: Paul, oh, I cannot leave him !" | " Paul has shown thee often how little he prizes thy devotion ; besides, thou must not sacrifice thyself entirely for him." Paul took no notice, and when his father appealed to him, only answered pettishly, " It can make little difference to me who goes or stays. I would fain be counted but the log that I am. And I at leaBt would not have another death at my door." "Oh, Paul!" moaned Madeline; and his father said, half sternly, half sadly, " I well know it is useless to combat thy iriorbid fancies, Paul. Would that thou hadst a better spirit, my poor boy." Nothing irritated Paul more than pity, so he impatiently flung aside the hand Madeline had timidly laid on his, and turned his head away, thus refusing all further share in the conversation, while Madeline wept so bitterly that her father sent her away while he talked over the matter with Bertha and the twins. Herr Beinhardt was most unwilling to re fuse any request of the Baron von Olirendorf. More than forty years before, when he was a mere stripling and the baron a young man, he had fought under the latter's banner against Charles the Bold of Burgundy. His father and eldest brother were among the ill- fated garrison of Granson. After its tardy capitulation upon honourable terms, 'they shared the fate of hundreds of their com rades, being stripped, dragged by cords through the lake, and hung upon trees round it. This basej viol at ion of truth and honour by the insolent victors roused the hearts of the Swiss, among them that of Hans Bein hardt. Leaving his ordinary occupations, he seized armour and broadsword, and enlisting under the banner of young Wolfgang von Ohrendorf, saw his country and his kinsmen revenged at Granson and at Morat. At the latter furious battle, in which 15,000 Bur gundians fell before the arms of the con federates, and the camp, ducal dress, and diamonds of the duke were abandoned to them in his enforced flight, the young baron, who had shown special marks of favour to the mercer's apprentice, saved the latter's life at the risk of his own, and afterwards tended him with the greatest kindness till his wounds were healed. This mark of generous affection to a humble man-at-arms- was never forgotten by Hans Beinhardt : and to the baron he also owed the hand of Marguerite de la Neige. These obligations, of life, and of that life's deareBt treasure, made him ever desirous to gratify the baron' in every way in his power ; and those ways being few, rendered him the more unwilling to deny so simple and reasonable a request-r one that indeed rather conferred another ob ligation upon him ; for the post of companion or even attendant to the young lady of Ohren dorf would have been eagerly accepted by many a maiden of noble blood, such a prac tice being very usual in those days. So Madeline was given no further voice in the matter, and rose next morning to the consciousness that only a few days remained to her before she entered upon a change of life aB sudden as it was unexpected. But after the first shock, she could not feel wholly averse to it, though the prospect of separa tion from all she loved filled hor with grief, She was young, and naturally could not be indifferent to the attractive prospect that opened before her. The remembrance of the Lady Ermengarde, and of the winning love liness of Muriel, was very pleasing, and she could but feel drawn to one of whom her mother had spoken with such tender affection. Then she waB weary, — very, very weary. She could but be conscious that she had lost the power of patiently bearing with Paul's vary ing moods and whims, and often a sharp word or petulant gesture towards him caused hor hours of bitter remorse ; yet she struggled in vain against -them. She was weary of sights and sounds of suffering ; weary of Bertha's cold reserve ; weary, poor child, of her own heart's pain. Gloom and depression are riot youth's natural element, and Madeline's young heart yearned for a breath of free air and sunshine that could not come to her under the shadow of Paul's suffering. Yet she blamed herself that Bhe could not feel utterly wretched at' leaving him — that a thought of the new life beyond' would mingle with regrets at the temporary breaking rip of the old, and blushed for her selfishness, and- the readiness ; with which she accepted free dom for herself by throwing an added burden on others. ' : The; tiuie was short, and head and hands <had to be busy. Paul was even more way ward than usual;: but1 Madeline sometimes caught his eye resting upon and. following her with an 'expression that sent a keen stab of reproach to her heart. Yet he parted from horcalraly and coldly. (To be continued.') 