FLOSS. (continued.) m. I certainly thought that I saw recog nition in her eyes, succeeded by an expression of piteous entreaty, a mute acknowledgment that there was a secret between us, and a prayer that I would not betray her. Afterwards I was not at all certain that I bad read all this or no. If I had, it was so momentary — gone as soon as seen — that it was im possible I could be certain about It. And yet why should I fancy it f Why should I think I did, if I did not f for while I saw it, I did not doubt it in the least. I don't think anyone heard my excla mation, the involuntary 'Floss' that passed ray lips. I think Heathcote was a little surprised for a moment I think there was something in our first saluta tion which was not exactly common place, not quite what be expected ; but if he had heard me call the young lady Floss, he would certainly have noticed it, and asked what I meant, and why I said ' Floss,' instead of ' How do you do !' Mr. Fairfax was languidly loung ing on a distant sofa, where he had sunk after Miss Heathcote had passed him and Miss Mackenzie was knitting in another window. There were a good many things I objected to in Miss Mackenzie, and one of them was that she was never idle. When there was nothing else to do she invariably produced from her capacious pocket a slip of white knitting. Now, in my opinion, nobody has a right to be always employed. I take it as an abuse to our faculties, and. a reproach to thoBe who are more moderate and less reckless in their use. Another of her peculiari ties was that sheinvatiably said the thing that she had better not have said. Whenever two or three words would make anybody uncomfortable, she always uttered them. Whether it was want of tact or ill- nature I am not sure, but the thing that had better not be Bald was always the thing that was said by her. The whole of that evening I had an uncomfortable notion that we had a ghost among us. Miss Heathcote was so white and so quiet, there was some thing so shadowy about her in her trans parent black draperies, her ghastly fair face, and in the noiseless way in which she glided about. I felt a little shiver run through me when she handed me my tea. Did the others, I wondered, experience the same ? She never epoke unless she was spoken to, and she had never once raised her eyes since that first look at me. My head was full of fancies about her, and presently I began to feel an absurdly impatient desire to bear her called by her name. Would anyone call her Floss 1 And what might Floss be short for ? Flora ? — Florida? And was It not strange that with father, lover, and aunt all present, no name of hers had passed any of their lips ? My daughter, or Miss Heathcote, and never anything else. Just as I thought this Sir George Heathcote made me jump by addressing he.- with the words : ' Another lump of Bugar, Florence.' Florence ? Well Floes might he short for Florence, juBt as mnch as for Floridaor Flora. Trifles light as air, some might say, but this trifle did seem tremendous ly confirming. No proof of holy writ could have produced a greater sense of conviction in my mind than that one word Florence. I felt utterly bewildered as the comprehension of what it really meant, really was, if I was not mistaken, became clearer to me. As I was less startled and confused, and more able to understand the situation, my bewilder ment was overwhelming. Fshaw ! I must be mistaken ; it could not be ; what a fool I was to be upset in this ridiculous manner by an accidental resemblance. Wereyonoutto-day, Miss Heathcote 7 I asked, bravely. ' Tee, for a little while,' in a low mo notonous voice. ' Yon seemed quite well all the morn ing ; I never heard of the headache till dinner-time,' Miss Mackenzie, of course, remarked ; but received no reply. Jar. rairrax sauntered up to the tea- table. ' £ did a deal of business this time in London,' he said. ' I think everything is in trim now. Florence; do yon like chestnut or bay horses best ? I had almost gone in for buying, but I would not decide till I asked yon. ' I don't know,' she said, wearily ; ' I don't care for horsea' ' Do yon care for anything !' asked her aunt, sharply. ' Girls were very different in my days ; they took some interest , in things.' ' I don't , like horsey girls,' said Ate. Fairfax, with bis languid drawL .But with all his fashionable impreBsiveness I noticed he always said the right thlngat the right moment I'll choose the best and the prettiest horses I can get, and they won't be too good for their pur pose.' No blush, or smile, or glance, .re warded this speech, and I thought Jm. was a patient lover. ' ' Did you bring the photographs down with you ?' Sir George asked. To be sure, I'd quite forgotten ; they are in the pocket of my great coat. They came at the last moment, of coarse-; too late to be packed. rang the bell, and eent the man who answered it lor the parcel. ' We have all been photographed,' HndihmfA infAVmm) «na 4 aakinat otwa So now you shall give us your opinion of the likenesses.' . The . parcel came In, and was opened. There was Sir George in foil regimentals, uncommonly good ; Mr. Fairfax, - well enongh, but a little hard ; and, - .the last of them, I took Miss Heatbcote'e portrait in my hand.- I wonderedthata lover or a father's heart could bear to see It, for a moment. Such hopeless, despairing misery I never beheld.- " And yet - how. beautiful It was and how like ! I should not have recognised Floes in it, though ;; the whole character, everything seemed'' so different, -and theee, of course, told as a little as they aiways do tell in {photo graphs. 'Idon't beiieve die is Floss at all, I mentally exclaimed. _' What , a . fool I have been! Misled by the light ness in apair of eyes— for I really think that must be the tvhoie of it-.' . „iltia,ji„ striking likenete,J said to Mr. Fairfax far Isaw I 3was;(»ed»d to speAudirattbsbindjjwpqitm thought, "picture In hand, 'otitis a -Striking like ness, bat not a good impression ; there is a little amudge do you see on one cheek. I took up another of them. 'Yes; there it is again on that, too, and on - taking up another. 4 They all seem to have It.' Fairfax laughed a little, and Miss Mackenzie said, rather loudly : ' That's the mole on her cheek.' Involuntarily I turned my eyeson Miss Heathcote'e face. Yes, there it was, below the temple, on the left cheek ; a soft brown mole ! Gould I doubt any longer after that? I declare you might have knocked me down with a feather. And now what was I to do or to say ! What ought I to do or to eay ? What duty did I owe my Mend ? And how far was I bound in honour to the lady ? And where, where — above every other question — where was Charlie I Charlie might be dead ; but one thing at ony rate, I was sure of, he had not died of that wound iu his shoulder. And if Charlie was dead, Floss was a widow ; and if Floss was a widow, why was she called Miss Heatncote ? One thought after another went chas ing each other through my mind, till I was suddenly recalled to the drawing- room of Lowlands, by Heathcote'e voice, saying : You have cultivated a grand talent for ailenca. T think. since i saw vou last, DaBhwood.' I could have laughed in his face. Poor father!— poor, innocent father ! — quietly quizzing me for absence of mind. If he knew the cause of it — if he only knew the cause ! However, with a considerable effort I recovered myself , and spoke out of the fulness of my mind, in a sort of reckless spirit, determined to make a plunge, even if I drowned for it. ' I'm not generally a very silent fellow, hut something had somehow made me thing of a visit I once paid to Guernsey. Were yon, ony of you, ever there ?' ' Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, andSark,' said Mr. Fairfax gravely. 'No ! I don't think one goes there does one! but one learns the names all in a heap when one is six years old.' ' And much good It does one,' said Miss Mackenzie. ' I took trouble enough to teach Florence geography, I am sure, and only last Thursday she asked whether Constantinople was in Egypt. Now, I daresay she knows nothing about those islands.' « Come, Florence, prove Aunt Libby wrong," said Mr. Fairfax. " I'm sure you know all about Guernsey and Jereey. Tell her about Guernsey, Florence.' I was breathless, listening and watch ing. The girl's llpB moved in a ghostly manner, without civiue utterance to any sound. I felt I was cruel, yet I per severed' ' We all know the geography ot the places we have been in,' I said. - ' Miss Heathcote, perhaps, has been in Guernsey ? My manner was one of the gentieBt in quiry. Then the Bplendid dark eyes suddenly flashed at me more and more, and in them lay the piteouB expressioa of a hunted animal at bay, who bad moral perception to condemn its hunter. I felt reproved and determined to desfat. Let her have been Floss ; let her now be Miss Heathcote ; let her become Mrs. Fairfax. What business was it of mine ? Accident had made me the possessor of her secret I was not her keeper. Honour enjoined me to let her alone. Then the words sounded in my ears — words long forgotten bnt suddenly coming back to me out of the past : ' Is there a doctor in the house and while I was listening to theBe words I found Miss Heathcote's soft, monotonous voice was answering my question. ' I have travelled very little,' Bhe said and so she saved herself from falsehood : no thanks to ma 'Florence was at school in France for many years,' her father remarked. Much againet my wishes, and- much good it did her,' was the pleasant re joinder Mies Mackenzie, of course, had ready. ' It was an exoellent school, Heath cote rejoined, in that stiff way of. his I knew so well when he objected to a re mark on the score of its being a little im pertinent ; ' not only for education; but for motherly care and training. ' Motherly mountebanks — a French oohoblf cried Miss Mackenzie, worlds of scorn in her -tone. It Js getting late sir; I think, pre are all tired tonight,' said Mr. Fairfax's calm accents. I am sure he epokis to the world -of weariness in hiB betrothed's fair face. 'And indeed, & railway journey is. a tiring thing when we are not quite as young as we arers. Yon'll be glad to get to bed,: Doctor Dashwood, said -Miss Mackenzie very pointedly, to me. /Whatadetestable old-woman ehewas ! I was yean youngertiian Heathcote; Mid, in everyj respect, looks and all, a ypung man bf iny age. -I couldhave taken any length bfjourney-by train without? feel ing fatigue on that score.;?! have seldom folt Grosser at a trifle 4han I did j theD, andlehoold have experienced pleasure in glvjng-tiie hard .. Scotchwoman . a good shake. . What an idiot Hpath- cote is to" have her live with ,41m !' I thought but .outwardly I only .'.smiled nn inaae .smiley ,and.assured her Ifrasby nomeans overwhelmed hythe exteaordi- .nuy exertions nfthe day. We all wished "sacfe-other good night. I was -most anxious to let Miss Heathcote know that her secret/ whatever it «as, was Safe in my hands, and that no further attentions of mine should alarm or distress her; 1 l T at a _ _a. t i a » . UUC X. am DOG KDOW DOW W UUUIBgU U1U, with her eyes alwayedowncaat, never raised to meet the gaze of another.' : Her hand was in mine, and I gave it- a very Blight pressure. I /eft a throb go up through her frame, and the unhappy eyee were raised for an Instant If ever a man's face wore on it the promise . of honour end kindness, mine must/have done so at that . moment ; my sonl .was so full of it Sat the effect on her Was not what I had expected and hoped.. Her eyee became actually wild— ihere was an expression of horror in them and terror— wild horror 'mid -wild terror- Was that dreadful -look always -in her eyes, and was that why she never raised thelitis.; or was it that she could not bear the recalling of the past that lay in the meaning of my face -the realisation from that that I was the man, and her secret was not her own ? , I cannot tell, but this I know :that as I dropped her; hand almost; twor- atruck andnot knowing what to do/ E pen»lyed that Mr. .Edmond Fairfax jwps; lopidng, No wonder he was surprised. What must he think of it, and how would it end? I wished heartily that I had never come down to Lowlands at all, and I began to think seriously of going away before the wedding. Notwithstanding the extraordinary fatigues of an eight hours' railway journey to s man of my age, I by no means slept as well as usual that night ; my mind was too foil of this strange and unplea sant romance in which I so suddenly found myself involved. Now and then in the nervous hours of the night, when we are not masters of our minds as we are In the daytime, it Beamed to me that it was my duty to tell her father or her lover all that I knew ; and then I would jump from my bed and pace the room in great perturbation of spirit. Exercise of body brought back mental mastery, and I scooted tbe idea as against all laws of honour. My one desire in the morning was to see ber again, and let her know I was not unkind, and that whatever her sins and sorrows might be she had no thing to fear from me. But at breakfast she did not appear, and ber aunt informed Mr. Fairfax quite pleasantly that she had had a bad night — was ill, and it looked to her, like a tBVUIH V)1 UOtVUUO XUfUlt Against hiB will an expression of deep anxiety came into his eyes, which his code of fashion tried to make express only difference. i ' Phew !' Sir George said ; that is non sense.' ' My niece is In a very odd etate of health and spirits,' was the .reply, with aggravating emphasis ; ' fitter for a hos pital, I think, than to be married.' Experience having made you an ex cellent judge of both,' Fairfax said, very politely ; but though his countenance was imperturbable, I could see that he was angry. Heathcote laughed — Was he really not anxious about his daughter, and as obtuse as he seemed ? The ideasuddeuly ; struck me that he knew all about her. But no — then Fairfax would have known also ; for my old friend was tire soul of honour. I resolved to learn ail he could tell me of the engagement, for I began to feel like a conspirator who had joined iu a plot against father and lover, and I wanted light thrown on my own situa tion as well as hers. After "breakfast, accordingly, I made him take me for a walk round The Limes, and then began to question bim. 'They have been engaged half their lives,' he told me, ' by a family agreement between Lord Fairfax and myBelt The properties join ; she is an only daughter, or>/9 T Mit louua hnr AVArofchincr. Jin wa thought it a good plan. ' And are they attached to each other ?' I asked, warily. Fairfax is as much attached to her as a man can be, and it will be all rigbt with Florence when they are married, I have not a doubt about it. But you Bee ber etate of health now.' ' Has she always bad bad health and spirits V ' Ob, dear no. She waB the merriest child, and Fairfax declares that at fifteen ehewas the life of every party she was in — the gayest creature. They used to meet during her holidays ; and when ehe was fifteen and he only a lad himself he told her what was intended, and she quite agreed. He fell in love with her, though ehe was a complete child, and laughed while Bhe consented.' 'And they have been engaged ever since ?' 'No they have not. At least, they have, became we always intended it ; but two years afterwards she suddenly wrote and told him it was all a joke, or a mis take and broke it off.' ' And wbat did he do ?' ' He would not hew of it. He held her to the engagement, but told her to writ till he could woo and win her pro perly.' ' Did it never occur to him,' I Bald, slowly and doubtfully, for I felt the ground was dangerous, ' that she might —care — for someone else !' Sir Marmaduke looked angry as he replied : ' Never ! because it was impossible ; ehe had eeeu no one — unless at school.' He spoke with audi cool assurance that I could have laughed in his face, but it was a matter more for tears tbau laughter. And when I asked him how the engagement had come on again he answered, a little testily, that it didn't come on again because it had never been broken off. He told me further that he had not heard of her letter but hearing that she was in bad .health, sent for her to India -on that account— that they had been lithe with him as he was np the country, and she with old friendB at Madras; -that before they .came home together the lady she was with, told him her. spirits were very fitful, - and she thought she was pining for her lover, wMchhad vexed him, as it seemed to him a little unueeded. .Wonderiul l my poor friend ; and if he had «oly known ! He paid be had never spoken to her Wheat ; this marriage till they were on -the , voyage hom%. -and then sbe was dreadfully agitated ; And at last told him that "she had broken it off and could not marry him. Of course, he was exceed ingly. apgty,«nd- said no child of hie shoold behave so dishonourably. There was a most distressing scene, after which ehe kept her bed for a week ; she seemed more afraid of him than ever when they met, and they equally avoided a t6te-k- t&e.; foor gui, Bam x, -ana sne iookb miserable how. He assured me that was only from the fever. Then he suddenly admitted that that he had had the greatest trouble with her — that her being so afraid of Mm distressed him ; but in spite of the fear ehe had been utterly obstinate, and would not consent to be married. He considered her a fortunate girl; and Fairfax had behaved admirably through out Now that he'had broken the ice it seemed to me he found relief in telling his story. Then,' he continued, / all eat a sadden ; ope day ehe was found ln a fainting fit: in the dressing-room. rSncha fainting fit J Girfaureexfaraordinarytitlngs. No man could have -come to life -out of it It lasted for. hours.-, I thought, she was dead-I did indeed, and . ehe never left her bed for nine weeks After ' it ! ; That was the fever, you know. Her recovery »« like a dead , person coming to life again. LAind She was, and has been ever since pomplefcely ohaoged— quite passive, pudeubndttingjo.jeyetytiung Fairfax ntloBttaatleher "consent to many Bk She eald she wonld in a year and a day from the day she was taken ill Once there was a talk of having it a fortnight sooner, and Bhe would not hear of it, and that is the only time I have seen her ex cited since her illness.' I felt like a traitor, knowing wbat I did, when I said — but I surely should have eald the same had I known noth ing : Well, Heathcote, I come back to my first idea — a prior attachment.' 'There Is none I' he cried, with a decision that Btaitied me. 'Fairfax asked her. He said if there was a liv- man she preferred to him, he would not press his claims. She was deeply dis tressed and frightened, and said there was not.' ' She said there was not F ' You speak as if you did not believe me!' I was absolutely silent, and then re- uwrneu, nwxwnuiyj i»uut x uopwi it would after all be a happy marriage. What else could I say, and I was objiged to say something. ' It is all a question of health,' he said, with decision ; ' and Fairfax will take her abroad for a year. They are going to ' Guersey ?' I asked. Why did I say ifc 9 What, a fnnl T irita 1 Tfin trnvri nva. sentedjitself so loudly iu my thooghts that my tongue uttered it before I was aware. He was greatly taken with the idea. They had not intended it, but yaokting had been recommended, and a trip to the Channel Islands would be the very thing. He would suggest it to Floreuoe. ' And say that I proposed it,' groaned I to myself. What a fool I am ! What will ehe think of me ? Iris the conduct of a pitiful friend.' So I earnestly set to work to persuade Sir Marmaduke that no place could be worse for Ms daughter than any of the Channel Islands, and that Guernsey was the most objectionable of all. I epoke with the authority of my profession. The damp, relaxing air would play the very duece with her nerves ; death might be the result : I would answer for nothing if ehe went to Guernsey. He was sur prised at my vehemence, and quite began to soothe me as he promised to follow my advice, and declared that nobody had ever tbonght of Guernsey till I did. And I felt that from fint to last I had made a fool of myself We had reached the house, and Heath- went in ; but Mr. Fairfax joined me in the garden. He glanced oddly at me, and I remembered that he had seen the look I exchanged with Floss the night before : bo I befran to talk in the earden with keen interest He answered to the point, and gave me civil attention ; yet I could see he was absent. Ail of a sudden he said : ' Mies Heathcote is no better,' and looked hard at ma I'm sorry to hear it,' was all I could think of saying. ' Is she subject to theBe nervous attacks ?' ' I don't know,' be answered, gloomily ; ' not unless anything upsets her ; ehe eeemed upset last night, I think.' Another look at me. ' Did she ?' I returned. ' I am glad if that is not her usual manner. Frankly, Mr. Fairfax, it is sad to Bee a young woman like that.1 ' Had you met her before ?' he cried, with an abruptness that made me jump. ' Excuse me, but I thought you looked at each other as if you had.' ' My dear Mr. Fairfax,' I rapidly an swered, without giving myself time to reflect on how much truth or falsehood might be in my words, ' I looked at her with the interest of my profession — to me there is something very remarkable in the expession of her eyes.' He stared at me, while a sudden alarm flashed across his face. I had struck a chord that he had heard before. ' Good heavens P he cried, ' you do not apprehend Bl« eyes finishing the sentence for Mm. I hastily assured Mm I did not, but cautiously hinted that nervous disorders were my speciality, and Ishould like to pay Miss Beathoote professional visit. 'She hates doctors,' he said, gloomily ; ' bat, as an old friend of her father's, might see you. She has no faith in them. She was sure she'd die in that fever. And, by heaven ! I believe ahe wished it. Do you know that ehe has worn blaok ever since ?' The last words rushed out as if against his will, and quite fiercely. He showed great emotion, and I was unaffectedly sorry for him. Like Sir Marmaduke, the ice broken, it eeemed a relief for him to speak. It is miserably sad,' he said, while his eyes asked me to contradict him. ' And if you can do any good ' He really could not eay more. ' If she will eee me, I will do my ut most.' The day wore itself away : no one seemed to know what to do with them selves; a gloom hung oyer everybody and everything. Miss Heathcote did not appear at dinner, and Mr. Fairfax said ehe would not hearofseelng me ; declared she had only a headache, and should be as well as usual to morrow. ' Yes, but what is as well as usual !' I said, pointedly. I could not forget the wild agony In her eyes. I felt it would be a tin to make light of her case. If they would let heFuIone — let her go unmarried— the poor, weary, torn heart might -get rest. \- ion main tneworss 01 is, ne repuea in gloomy displeasure. ' I hope I do, but I frankly tell you I think the marriage should be de ferred.' 'You are quite wrong there. All the doctors say just the contrary ; and I'm certain they are right.' 'Is the day fixed ?' Yes, to-morrow fortnight, and next week the gnests begin to arrive.' It was a dull dinner and a dreary sort of an. everting ; everybody was out of spirits. A weight hung over us all, heavy as frost, and . deep almost as life. 'tQrisisanodd way of being married,' Miss Mackenzie suddenly, remarked, apropos to nothing. 'It won't be yonr way, will it drawled Mr. Fairfax; in Ms civil languid man ner. .. ' X. hope jon will like it us it-tr yours,' raforted she. - The next morning Miss Heathcote ap- peairal at luntiieqn. 'She had appeared like a ghoet yesterday, and to-day she- xesemblpdi'the ghoptjai aghost|nore than anything else I could imagine. It was really shocking to see a young creature look as she did ; and how father, lover, or aunt could allow matters to proceed at all, I did not understand. I am sure she only came downstairs to avoid the medical visit she thought I might insist on paying her, and she gave me the idea of being in mortal terror — a terror wMch I believe was caused by my presence, and which at all hazards, I felt that I must relieve. After luncheon — Mr. Fairfax, who was grave, and, I declare, I thought even pale from sympathy perhaps — proposed to drive her out. I wondered whether they really had tistes-a-tfete, and what they did with them if they had ; but at all events, ehe declined this one. Without raising her eyes she eald, in that low, expressionless voice of hers; that she me not equal ta it, but must go and lie down. And then eiha vanished and did nnt appear again till tea-time. I really felt unequal to keeping up a conversation with either Heathcote or Mr. Fairfax, so I retired to my own room for the after noon, on the plea of having letters to write. When there, however, I spent a good deal of my time walking up and down, and reflecting as to what ought to be done — which meantin fact, what I ought to do. Only one thing I conld clearly see my way to ; or, perhaps, I might say two things. The first was not to betray Miss Heathcote, and to let her know that I wonld not betray her ; and the second to get the marriage deferred. Once deferred there is no saying that a thing will ever take place, and this is most especially supposed to be the case with a wedding. Once miss an opportunity, and somehow or other it is not only missed, but lost. At teatlme, I turned the conversation, taking ad vantage of some case that had appeared in the papers that day, to the inconsistency of punishments as dealt to offenders. This easily, and without tbe least strain led to offences,Iegal and other wise and I made my argument that offences not punishable by law were, as a general role, for worse than offences that were. I took the common instances of starving people stealing bread; and yet the starviog wretch who stole food would be as severely punished as if I stole Mr. Fairfax's diamond pin. Then I went on to eay that there were other crimes that in the eye of the law were not crimes at all — for instance, deceiving a person, or be traying a secret. Here I rafted my voice and began almost a harangue ; and I saw Heathcote regarding me with surprise, aud doubtless thinking to himBell ' How a few years does change a fellow F for in tile old davs haramrninir was bv no mrnna one of my tendencies. ' A man who accidently becomes ac quainted with a secret ' I paused markedly, 'Miss Heathcote; may I ask for auother lump of sugar.' I was de termined to secure her attention, and pretended not to hear Sir George's ' Dear me, Dashwood — why you never used to take sugar at all F . 'A man,' I repeated, having made Bore that if Miss Heathcote had been in a brown study, I bad roused her out of it, ' who accidently becomes acquainted with a secret, and does not keep it — who does not feel himself bound by honour and humanity, although no promise has passed his lips' — I said this very emphatically — 'I think is for more guilty than he who steals property that he can grasp in his hand, and which, like the secret, belongs to another.' The splendid eyes rose at this moment to meet mine, an eager question in them, which mine answered, and then they sank again — surely I did uot fancy it ? — with a wistful expression that made my heart beat fearfully fast. But — why ft there always a hat iu everything ? — we were not the only people in the room with eyes, and again I saw that Mr. Fairfax had intercepted our glances, and was regarding us with grave and puzzled surprise. I suppose, in a quiet, unpereeived way, he was always watching Miss Heathcote. I assumed the most d€gag€ air in the world, and went talking on — prosing, I am afraid — till Sir-George .grouted ; and then I "saw ih«t Fairfax was still looking at me, and with the eyea -of- . detective. Why, I had thought tbe man slow, and that almost anything might occur under his very nose without his perceiving it, and all the time he was as sharp as a needle ! 'But with regard to those secrete?' he said, with his pleasant drawl. 'Secrets are shadowy, shabby sort of things, to begin with, are notthey ! Aud for people to be golog about with secrets and — and private understandings — among unsus pecting ladies and gentlemen, is a little base, isn't it ?' I did not think it possible he could really imagine how a private under standing existed between Miss Heathcote and myself ; but the more I saw of Mr. Faii&x; the more I liked Mm, aud I began to worry myself as much about Mm us for her. For his sake, as well as for here, the marriage ought not to take place, and I was the only person who could prevent It. But how could I, when I had just voluntarily, and with determination, tied myself hand and foot ? Had I not bound myself to Miss Heathcote not to betray her, even if I was not bound before t He next day, and the day after, she was no better, and only appeared at tea. Then I took courage, and on the fol lowing morning told Sir Marmaduke that tire strain was too mnch for Ms daughter's nerves, and that, as a medical T — X xL. -f ll.. uiEuip x ttuvumi hue iHniyuuwnih vi uw marriage till they were stronger. He would not hear of it «ny more than Mr. Fairfax ; and after some arguing I urged that, at any rate, it should be a quiet wedding. He was not so unwilling here, and said he would talk it over with the bridegroom. He found Mr. Fairfax in an anxious state of mind, and quite ready to agree that a quiet wedding might be best. Accordingly, a good many guests were put oft Those that most be asked could assemble at Lord Fairfax's, and only a few come to Lowlands at AU, and that not till the eve of tbe wedding-day. I offered to go too, but Marmsdnke begged : me to .Stay, and arid I . was a comfort to bim. And as I Saw he was feeling more' than he chose to own, and had also my self an intense anxjety. to see the play oat, 1 remSlaed. I think AS Ml felt more or less that something was looming in the distance. For my oWta part, though ! will not admit that my fears took a tangible form, I found myself always thinking of the Bride pf IiMhrnermoor.' j.; Lucy Aafaton was for ever in my bead, and I kept fancying resemblances between ber and Miss Heathcote, till, iu self-defence, I took down the third volume of that terrible book, and read bits here and there, trying to convince myself that I was tormented by a mere fancy. I was overwhelmed with confusion when Sir Marmaduke found me with the book in my hand, and was eager to disabuse his mind of the ideas euch a sight must give rise to. I need not have troubled my self. He laughed at me for reading a novel, but admitted that Scott was worth a second perusal ; and as to the ' Bride of Lammermoor,' he said : Do you know I think it ft the best he ever wrote. I read it on board ship, and was very much struck with it ; only no people, you know, could put a girl Into each a position as that P And so the days passed on ; and, bnt for the interest thatdeAnsnmi s»rv hour. I have seldom spent a more painful time. And to every one in the house I am sure it was a time of weariness and fear. Daring the last few daye before the wedding, Mies Heathcote had more colour in her cheeks, more light in her eyes, and sometimes joined in the conver sations ; but I noticed that instead of seeming cheered at this, Mr. Fairfax was even graver than before. One evening she suddenly epoke with out being spoken to— an un-ghostlike proceeding that gave me pleasure. ' You won't forget, Edward,' ehe said, 'to continue the allowance to old Widow Jonee.' ' How can he forget, witb. you there to remind him !' her father asked, smiling. ft mean when I am dead,' she replied, simply. It was as if a thunderbolt had fallen among us. She blushed, and looked as beautiful as an angel, and said : ' I forgot that papa did not know. I have told Ed ward.' 'What do I not know !' asked Sir Marmaduke, with suppressed emotion. ' Nothing, sir, uothiog,' said Fairfax. 'Only an absurd notion of Florence's. She has got it into her head these last few days that ahe ft going to — to — die !' Poor fellow ! he conld hardly get out the words, and there were tears in his voice, thongh he affected to laugh. 'Bless my soul, how very extraor dinary !' cried Heathcote. ' She ought to be ashamed of herself,' said Miss Mackenzie. 'I don't see that,' said Fairfax; 'it isn't wrong to die.' ' But why do you think it, Miss ITnafhrnlA 9' T obtoi4 mSMIv 'I don't tMnk it,' she replied. ' I feel it — I know it I think it ft foolish to talk so,' Fairfax Bald, with assumed calmness. It is a thing no one can know.' ' I say she ought to be ashamed of her self ; it is shocking and unnatural,' reiterated Miss Mackenzie. ' Dear me ! ' said Fairfax, innocently. ' I thought death was an act of nature.' ' And you ought to be ashamed ofyour- selij too,' she exclaimed, angrily. ' One would think yon wished her to die 1' And then she buret out crying; and for the first time I felt that I liked the old woman. My fingers stole stealthily to the wrist of the fair girl, which was deadly cold this warm summer's day. I felt, and then I spoke : ' Then let me tell you,' said I, ' that the wish, humanly speaking, has no chance of being gratified. Tbe pulse I am feel ing ft that of a person who may live to three score years and tea for any serious mischief existing now.' Everybody looked relieved, .except the young lady herself, who gently shook her head. Next morning ehe came down to breakfast in a etate of exultation — the first time I had seen her at the break fast-table. It was the day before the wedding. That evening a few guests were to arrive ; and if this glow and brightness lasted she might, to eyes that were not penetrating, pass as a good imitation of a happy bride. After breakfast die took Fairfax Into the garden, the first t£te-£-t£te ahe had, to my knowledge; permitted. He agreed with his usual calmness, and the lovers, if such they could be called, disappeared among the shrubberies. Later in the day he asked me to smoke with Mm in the stable yard. 'I want yonr advice," said he. We were very good friends in a quiet way, he and L 'Miss Heathcote has had — a dream.' And he looked oddly at me from the corner of his eye. 'Ah !' I said, startled ; a dream I— may I hear it ?' ' She dreamt she was — dead — lying in her coffin. It was white. She was in her wedding-dress — white flowers in her hair— all white together. And she ft as snre as I am that I stand here now, that ehe will die to-morrow. She knows we shall not be married !' He threw away the end of Ms cigar, and spoke the lost words fiercely. ' She says we may go to the altar, bnt we shall not be married. She was not buried in that coffin. She was in Heaven. She knows it was Heaven by a Bign she had ; bnt she wonld not tell me the sign. Weill, what do yon think ol it ?' And he stared me in the face. What did I think of it, and what could I say I thought of it! 'Yon know,' £ began, slowly, ' I wanted the wedding deferred — bnt — ' 'It is too late now. It might have -I -L.ia M t- J X.1I 3 _ J uwu iwhwr u wo ana luuuwcu jruus nu- vice ; bnt we did not; and now Itis too: late. We conld not defer the marriage the day before— and for a dream 2' 'I can advise nothing bat a composing draught at night.' 'X wish jon had seen her when she- told me her stoiy. She certainly has no ' idea bnt that she frill be dead by. tills' time to-morrow.' He spoke with exoitement, and I gave- a little ahlver as I heard the words. | 'And I have no idea,' I eald,' rather': crossly, ' of putting any faith in dreams at this time of . day. Ml Heathcote will not dib an hour Booner becanse -she dreamt ehe was lying in her coffin.' .. 1 'Bather firm persuasion that -she wifl, perhaps shows a—a — nervous state uf mind,' heeaid, hesitatingly. j ' I will observe her closely. But it fa -all of a pieee— one thing -after another; and no inconsistency btiireen any ;,of them. I did all in my power. I epoke to Sir Marmadnke as well as to jqn1 about the marriage being deferred.' ; . 1 amenrathatwas very good of you, he boid, drily. sf I did wbat I thought was right, and I hope no one will repent not having followed my advice.' The few gnests that were expected arrived in due time. The bride showed herself in the evening, and if ehe appeared ' silent and distant, those are qualities that are rather to be expected in a bride. Her eyes were radiant, and a soft, delicate colour was in her cheeks. Mr. Fairfax eeemed relieved, bnt whether only because Bhe did not attract observation for the present moment, or that his mind was easier about herself I conld not teiL And so we all went to bed the night be fore tbe wedding. The next day was one of those in describably beautiful days that, even in the midet of a beautiful Bummer, take you by snrprfte ; that seem to have an individuality of their own from their Xk .J — J J.1 «. uiciD ucouueao nuu owwvuvoa , unya i>uat make an impression on tbe mind not easily forgotten. I most confess that I had slept very little daring the night. My mind was too vividly awake with the tbonght of the morrow for sleep to be possible. It was absnrd how her dream had affected me. I Beemed to see her there, before my nhvnlcal even, lvitior bnantifnl and dead in her coffin, in her white marriage robe, and covered with wMte flowers. I told my self over and over again that the wedding wonld take place, j ust like other weddings. She wonld be married, and she wonld go away with her husband, and then all the worry wonld be over. And if I was left with an nneatfafied curiosity I shoold soon forget it in other things, instead of being able to think of nothing else in tide detestably ridicnlons manner. And yet, thongh I told myself this over and over again, I had a presentiment that it wonld not be the case, and that some thing nnforseen would happen. However, we all breakfasted as usual, and Miss Fairfax communicated to her friends that dear Florence eeemed veiy well and was taking some coffee. The six bridesmaids had of coarse come to Lowlands toeleep the previous night, and the breakfast was as gay as it conld be. Mr. Fairfax, equally of course, had gone home, and I wondered with sincere pity, how he was feeling, and what he was thinking. When the time for starting came, we all left in various carrlagesfor the chnrcb. Not a glimpse of the bride had anyone had np to this time, except, of conree,the bridesmaids who were privileged to enter her rooms. I expected every moment that eomethingwoald happen — that Miss Heathcote wonld perhaps suddenly dis- aDDear. and that the next thiug to be done wonld be to drag the ponds. Bat; instead of that, all went smoothly, and in the most commonplace way, till the vehicles in whioh the gnests were deposited had left the honae; I finding myself in one of them, with Miss Mackenzie end old General Scofield. The drive was in length about half a mile, and a very few minutes placed me among those waiting in the church to receive the bride and her father. In a very few more I heard their carriage drive np. There had certainly been no unnsnal or nnnecessary delay here. And then theyentered the chnrcb jnat as any other bride and her fother might do. Sir Marmadnke; tali, thin, and erect, looked remarkably well as he escorted his daughter np the nave— and what a vision of beauty she was ! Accnstomed as I was to her loveliness it took me by surprise. The white wreath, the flowing, transparent veil, the 8hining white robes, had an aSrial look about them, and gave somehow an angelio,nneartMy character to her beanty. She looked too radiant for earth, yet the radiance, thongh exqnfaito in its beanty, was scarcely either joyful or bridelike. There was neither expectancy nor hope in It. There was no love. Her eyes were 'not the eyea of a bride whom delight makes afraid ;' and whether I would or not; her dream returned to me, and those words rang in my ear — 'Bnt fate is the name of her, and his name is Death.' Mr. Fairfax, of coarse, had been in his place for some time. He was pale, and vainly endeavouring to preserve his usual languia insouciance oi aemeanour. nis anxiona eyes sought her face as she entered, and then turned on me with something almost like triumph in them. Had he not reason for triumph? She had come— he was there — any nneasy doubts as to what might be, were satisfied. A few minutes more and she will be his own. She took her place before the altar, her lover by her aide, and the service com menced. What a fool I had been, with ail my fear 1 How much worry and anxiety I might have spared myself I The clergyman began, 'Dearly Beloved.' This parson happened to have a high, rather shrill voice ; and I thought his way of reading the opening address : very disagreeable He got through it, however, with the solemn appeal at the end for any person who knew any reason why the marriage should not take place to speak then or else hereafter for ever hold hie peace. Snddenly the idea flashed across me that I ought to speak. Suppose I now stepped forward, and declared that I knew a reason to stop the vows that had not yet been uttered, and so myself ful filled my own presentiment. But, even while £ thought this, the shrill, high voice had got beyond me, and was making a similar appeal to bride and bridegroom. Will she SDeak where I was silent. I I asked myself bnt not a sound inter rupted the shrill, high voice, which preached on to the question, Wilt thou have this woman to be thy wedded wife I' and I was breathing freely, knowing that there was nothing farther now to dis quiet myself about, and that smoothly as (natters had flowed till this moment,- so smoothly would they continue to flow to the end— when there was a sudden sound outside the chnrch door — a sudden violent sound like the rushing gallop of a runaway horse brought in an instant to a standstill, foe .door was flung open — a man— mad man, no doubt — coveted with- dost, flushed and desperate; ran up the nave, ehouting out. ' Btop, Stop, Stop,lnthe name , of . God 1' There sounded , no irreverence in the Hilly Name thus spoken. The man. did ;aot look mad, neither - was his speech that of a madman Youhj& tall, dark; handsome— a mhhly, Bobielooking fellow. Sorely, I Md ueea Mm before I Tfawe was no time for thought. The flekgymon stopped reading — the bridee- wlds. jirera'BMttered-he , bride |pud bridegroom turned round, and then came the supreme moment. ' Floss F cried the man, aud he held his arms opeD. 'Charlie ! Charlie F in feint tones, yet full of passionate joy, came from ber lips, as she flung herself into the arms ex tended to receive her. He held her, with her white marriage dress floating about her, close to his heart ; the orange flowers, worn for another, were crashed against his breast. Will anyone who saw it ever forget the tenderness in that young man's face as he looked down on here — tears falling out of his eyes, and he just murmuring, ' Floss, Floss 7 She had Muted away. What was to be done ? Her fother, I snppose, most take her, and Mr. Fairfax . wonld probably be the pereon who wonld have to kick him out least idea of agreeing to either one or the other arraogemente. Possession is nine points of the law. He was not going to give her np, neither was he going to be kicked ont of the chnrch by anyone. Mr. Fairfax walked np to bim, and in a low, fierce whisper demanded : 1 What doeB this mean ?' The man looked at Mm. tears still dropping from his eyes, Ms handsome face ablaze with joy and love. ' She is my wife F That was all the aud. There was a little expectant panse and hash in the chnrch. ' He ft mad !' cried Sir Marmaduke ; bnt Fairfax shook Ma head. He saw, and everybody saw, that he was not mad. The clergyman was a fool, he said, in his high, shrill voice, ' Hadn't we better go on 7 Go on, when the bride had flnng her self into another man's arms, who raid she was his wife, while he held her faint ing form 1 Mr. Fairfax behaved un commonly well. It ft a trite remark at weddings that ' the bridegroom behaved very well;' bnt never was bridegroom more tried or behaved better under trial then he did. He turned at once to Sir Marmadnke and Mfas Mackenzie. ' She ft ill,' he said. ' Sir,' to the man, ' these are her fother and annt ; let them take her into the vestry ; yon and I have nothing to do at this moment bat tMnk of her health. Give her to her fother.' ' She ft my wife,' said the yonng man, as he carried her into the vestry as if she had been an infant in his arms, and with all the gentle tenderness of a mother to her babe. We followed bim — Sir Marmadnke, Mr. Fairfax, Misa Mackenzie, and L I . do not know whether they were surprised at my coming in, bnt I felt that I might be wanted. I conld see-in Mr. Fairfax's face that he had no donbt of the tenth of the story. I conld see that he believed the man was hfa bride's hnsband. Whether he had in any way accounted to himself for her conduct I conld not tell, bnt that he knew he had lost her I could see. And this knowledge made him defiant She was laid on a bench in the vestry, and as she lay there with her bridal robee and flower-crowned head,, and her eyes closed, and her face wMte and soulless, as if dead, I thought of her dream, and sMvered. I looked at Mr. Fairfax, and I knew he thonght of it also. She opened her eyes, and smiled up into Charlie's face. ' Yes, it m heaven,' she said ; ' I am dead. That waa the sign.' And she looked bright, smiling at Mr. Fairfax; and then directed his attention to ber hnsband by a radiant glance. Bnt now Sir Marmaduke Heathcote had recovered - himself enough to interfere. He came quickly in between his daughter and the strange man. He spoke with mnch emotion. I do not think I ever had eeen him show so mnch. ' We are disgraced for ever, Florence !' he said. ' We can never lift oar heads again! What does it mean? Have I no longer a daughter V Florence shrank from him, even as she lay there, with a trembling fear on her, like one in actual physical pain. An ! she need not have been afraid. She need never fear any one more. She hod one ujr uor Biue woo uaa sworn to cnertsu and protect her, and who meant to do it. 'We were very wrong,' he said simply, stepping in between the girl and her father ; 'bnt it was all my fenlt. She was almost a child — and, indeed, I was little more than a boy. Of oonrsa, we wonld not do it now. Bnt then I thonght it was the only thing we could do. Of coarse, I was wrong.' ' Bnt why did she agree to marry me V asked Mr. Fairfax qnietly. He tamed to her with that sweet, pro tecting tenderness of his. ' Why did yon, Floss ?' he said, as if it was the simplest thing in the world he was questioning about, aud of course ahe had done right aud could explain herself; bnt finding she did not do so, he instantly found a reason for her. Did yon tMnk I was dead 7 he asked easily, and she marinated, 'Yes, yes,' and closed her eyea as if half dying herself over the dreadful idea. ' She thonght I was dead, you see,' said Charlie, quite pleasantly, to Mr. Fairfax. ' That explains it. Now don't yon think it wonld save a deal of bother if she jnat changed her dress, and she and 1 went away together ?' His eyes had a brilliant smile in them, and Ms voice trembled a little for joy as he made the proposal. ' Yon are more likelv to leave this under an escort of police; yonng man,' eaidSir Marmadnke. 'I don't believe one word of yonr story.' ' Let as take the matter quietly, ' Mr. Fairfax suggested, 'and make the esclandre' — with a sigh— 'as little as we can. OE coarse, prooft must be pro duced.' ' I believe there is no doubt, about it,' said I ; ' I met them myself Charlie wheeled round, and stared at me ; then buret out into a laugh, which he quicklychecked. 'Why doctor; is it yon 7 he cried. ' What luck 2 Yes, indeed, this gentle man did meet us in Guernsey shortly after we were married, and attended me for an accident There is riot a doubt of it' . Sir Marmadnke and Mr. Fairfax both nrned. - "'You have known it; -and kept it from us,';oried the .firatin a. rage. 'It was bate.' '/ : Andfth. Fairfax eald .with withering contempt : 1 ""did think you - were a gentiemari. I wonder whether I OBgtt to hare told? Of coarse, Charlie had his proofs, and produced them, and it was a great help to him in craving pardon, and being allowed to take possession of his wife (I wonder who conld have pre vented him) that he tamed oat to be a baronet, and the possessor of a large fortune and fine estates. He was the very heir to the barone'.oy that had been advertised for in all the papers some monthB before, and buried in the wilds of Australia, an old psper happened to come in his way that contained at once the advertisment for himself, and anotice that ' a marriagehad been arranged ' between his wife and Mr. Fairfax. Each had believed the other to be dead, and hence his selling ont and seeking his fortnne in Australia, and her reluctant consent to marry another. When the gayyonng officer persuaded . Floss to ran away with him from the French school, he had no prospect of the baronetcy. The foolish children had not enough to live on between them. They married in the holidays. Floss had cleverly persnaded the principals of her school that she was passing the time with her aunt in Guernsey. Of coarse it was all very wrong, bnt Charlie had simply bewitched her. Then she returned to school aod he to his regiment, and by- and-by, when he bad made his fortnne by crowning himself with glory, the marriage would be recognised by a delighted father- in-law. Bnt the conree of true love ran very roughly. Charlie's regiment was ordered to Africa, and he took part in many cam paigns, fongbt the Queen's battles, and lay wonnded in ber Majesty's hospitals without any Floss to nnrse htm, or the advantage of any medical attendance. Then came the false report of her death, and he took his rained life to Australia The ship was wrecked, and his name given in among those on board who were lost, and he never cared to contradict the report It was on reading the account of the wreck of the Achilles in the Times that Florence fainted,and afterwards had the fever, from which she rose careless of what became of her and snbmitting to her father's wishes because she had not energy enough to resist them. . I think I have now explained to the satisfaction of evetybodv, except that Charlie came by that wonnd for which I attended him from his own carelessness in handling a pistol, and only made a mystery of it that Floss might not be alarmed. I hope I shall not be aoensed of ad vocating runaway marriages when I add that after they were forgiven and all the fnss over, Charlie and Floss were as happy as the day is long, and that I have the highest opinions of them both. Heathcot-i made friends with me again and we shook hands ; bnt Mr. Fairfax never quite forgave me. And now, what I waDt to know is, whether I ought to have betrayed Floss ? 