KEANE MALCOMBE'S PUPIL. IN SEVEN CHAPTERS. CHAPTER V. Do any of us know the height, and depth, and fulness of our tenderness for a thing, until the dread of losing it falls upon us like a dark shadow? Was ever the beloved son. the nnlv son Isaac, so dear to tne neart 01 tne patri arch, as when he bound the lithe young limbs to the horns ot the altar, and laid the boyish head down on the sacrificial wood ? Was ever Donald so inexpressibly dear to me as when I resolved, with my own band, to dig a grave for the love that had grown to be the very core and heart of my life? Mrs. Forsythe's party is over at last, and she has returned to tbe'Srawing-room to speed her parting guests. I have gone upstairs, tied on my bonnet, and wrapped the 'grey cloud' round my shoulders. I am read}' to go home, and Donald is waiting to walk there with me ; yet I linger in Mrs. Forsythe's room. Some thing tells me that never again shall I be there in' the same way, never again as her son's plighted bride. I know Donald is waiting, that maybe Aunt Janet is wearying for me at home, and yet — I linger. I stand before the picture of the boy Donald, where once I stood with my hands full of fair spring flowers on a day that seems a lifetime back. I stand and watch the picture smiling down upon me, and as I gaze, it comes home to me that I have loved Donald as one loves the sunshine and the flowers — just because they are so bright and beautiful, we cannot choose but love them when we see them. Donald is — but here I change the tense of my thought Donald * was' the brightness and the beaut}' of my life. And now, * Farewell, Donald ! Farewell, my darling, mine no more !' Thus I say to myself as I look up. at his pictured face ; but, like a flood, such a passion of love and sorrow rises in my heart, that hot blinding tears blur and blot the picture from my sight ; and with a sob of unutterable pain, I turn away, and drawing my veil closely over my face, hurry down the soft-carpeted stairs, and into the wide hall, where Donald stands at the door, and Mrs. Vandaleur — fresh and energetic as at the beginning of the evening — is imploring liis mother not to veoture from the warm drawing-room. But Mrs. Forsythe comes out to me, in spite of.all these adjurations, take both my hands In hers, and kisses my veiled face, while my enemy looks on with her head very much on one side, and a deprecatory smile upon her countenance. ' There is no need to tell you to take care of such a precious charge 3' says the soft lying voice to my Donald — milieu still, for a little space ; and there is a mocking devil in her eyes that drives me out into the night, more surely than a whip of scorpions. Thus auspiciously do we set out on a walk, that is from that dayj forth to be to me a dear sad memory ; for even now I never hear the jpord 'farewell,' butsl think of Donald and myself, walking side 'by side through the quiet night ; think of a star-gemmed sky seen through the tracery of tree .branches where the leaves whisper softly to each other ; think of the sound of our measured footsteps, and the rustle of ray dress upon the ground. My hand rests on his arm, and I have hard work to keep it from trembling, for the silence, so unusual between Donald and me, oppresses and unnerves me. There is, too, a sense of something that must be done ; something that must be said, now — to- night — before we come to the tall fir, and the white gate that I already see gleaming in the distance. ' Donald, I have a favour to ask you ; will you do it for me ?' He gives a slight start, like one awaking from a dream, and answers me hurriedly, and' with a painful attempt at playfulness : ' Will I do it, Mab ? Why, who ever dis obeys the fairy queen ?' ' I fear the poor queen has no kingdom to reign over, Donald y. but for once, just this once, let her be obeyed. Will you promise to come to me to-morrow, in the afternoon, and let nobody keep you away ?' My breath is coming fast and thick, my voice is full of tears, and Donald turns his face away from me as he answers, with a sort of tender pity underlying his words : * I will come, Mab — I will not fail to come.' We have reached the white gate now, and I lay my hand upon the latch, and turn to say ' Good-night' He understands that I mean to go up the avenue alone, but yet he stands beside me, and some power I cannot fight against makes me throw back my veil, and look up into his face. The moonlight falls full upon me, and perhaps he read some story in my eyes that touches him to pity, for he says : ' Are you very tired to night, Mab ?' and bends down and kisses me softly. But where is the passionate tenderness of old ? Why does. the touch of his lips chill me to the core of my heart ? I rest my two hands on his shoulders, and still looking up into his face, I say : ' Good night^lear !' And my vajce lingers over the last word, as we linger listening to some sweet music we may never hear again ? Without a word more he leaves me, and I stand under the big dark fir, until the last echo of his footstep has died away ; then I go in, pass quickly by Nannie, pause at Auntie's door to ascertain that she is asleep, and then, fairly in 'my own room, throw myself, all dressed as I am, upon the bed, and set myself to think. The quiet and the silence are grateful to me, the being, at last, after so long a tension of nerve and feeling, alone with myself, and free to look all things calmly in the face. By the time I have thought it all out, a faint grey light has dawned eastward, and, as I raise my window, to breathe the cool, fresh morning air, the earliest little redbreast, up before his fellows, sings his greeting to the day that it just born. I kneel, and look. out towards the ever-increasing light ; the whirl of my thoughts has resolved itself into this : ' It has been a mistake' — * it' stands for 'all the love and joy my lite has ever known ! — ' there, far away, the new day is dawning — and life is made up of days ; and this burden of life and days I must now take up alone !' But let the day be ever so fraught with pain, ever such a crisis in the history of a life — all those little commonplace duties, that form so large a part of woman's life, thrust themselves forward just the same. As the day wears on, I have to listen to Aunt Janet's slow details of her symptoms during the night ; to answer a thousand questions as to the progress of the household management, now wholly in my care ; and, hardest task of all, to 'hide my troubled heart from Nannie's keen and loving eyes. Soon after I have gone through the farce or making believe to eat my solitary dinner, she makes a sudden appearance at the drawing room door, her face full of some important news. 'There's a letter from the minister, Miss Mabel ; and Mistress Malcombe's Molly has brought it over for ye to see. Mrs. Janet's glinking at it the noo, and she'll be weei con tent if you'll go and read it over to her as soon as may be.' I am supposed to be working at fine darning some of Aunt Janet's famous household linen ; but, truth to tell, my needle makes but little progress, and I have an uncomfortab!e,conscious ness that Nannie is making a note of this fact. * Put the work here, Miss Mabel,' she says, glancing at three lines of darn, the feeble result of half-an-hour's work ; ' you're no well the day, I'm thinking.' I make her no reply ; but go to Auntie's room, thinking, as I wend my way there, * Are things not going hardly enough with me already, that I must, face this ordeal of reading aloud my master's letter? — a letter written in ignorance of all the sorrow that is gathering about me, left as I am without his guiding hand, his faithful, loving counsel?' ? Now the advent of * a letter from the minister' is an event in our village. ' Do ye ken that Mistress Malcouibe had a letter from the minister, yester-night ?' is the question, par excellence, that each neighbour asks the other ; for the minister is in foreign parts, and news from those distant regions must needs be of a very startling nature. Aunt Janet is evidently pleasantly excited by an agreeable sense of the honour shown to her, in the important missive being sent expressly for her perusal. There is a faint piuk spot on either sunken cheek, and her thin hand trembles as she hands the paper to me, and bids me read it carefully, and see all the good man says.' I do so ; and I think my voice does not falter even when I come to this : ' You and I, dear wifey, will be something lonesome when the boy. Donald takes our little Mab away ; but she'll often come to see us, I know, and bring the same loving heart as ever, even if she grows to be a fine London lady !' As I fold the letter^and lay it down — hand- ling it tenderly, as one would a flower that some far-away hand has sent us, and whose perfume- sper.ks to us of tender love, and iongifig thoughts — Auntie looks at me smilingly ami snys, as s!se gently pats my hand : ' h's true fur them, my dearie, they'll miss you when you're Mistress Donald Forsythe ; but there's a silver lining to the cloud, for they too, like me, are getting into years, and will feel the comfort of knowing that there's a true heart to take care of you. Eh ! dear child, how well I seem to think of you now, when first you came from heathen lands — such a wee bit wild lassie, with your bonnie hair in a tongle all over your heafi ! Well, well — you and old Auntie have got on mighty well together !' Words are beyond me, but I bend down and. kiss her wasted hand. * I'd be well- pleased if you read to me the song of Simeon — it would, be a comfortable thing to me just now, dearie ;' and I reach ' down the well-worn old Bible from its shelf, and read the grand words of gladness 'and peace, to ears that will soon be closed to the voices of earthly comfort. ' Lord, now lettest Thou thy servant depart in peace ;' and m my heart I pray that this peace may * endure unto the end,' and that all knowledge that might ruffle or disturb that peace, may be kept from her ! There is a footstep in the avenue, a. step that has been wont to make my heart beat fast, but now brings only pain, and dread, and fear. I read steadily on, Auntie repeating each word softly after me to the end ; then I close the book, and in a moment — or it seems a moment to me — I arn in the sitting-room, and Donald comes forward to meet me. But after one glance at my face, he stops short. I close the door, but do not offer him any greeting. I dare not risk the touch of his hand just then. He has turned away from me, his arms are resting on the table, and his face is shaded by the hand that bears a little gold ring I gave him one day by the river-side, while now and again, with the old, familiar, well-loved gesture, he tosses back the hair from his brow. My hands are cold, my lips seem hardly able to frame the words I need, and my voice sounds like the voice of some stranger ; but the will is strong as death within me ! ' Donald, I have asked you to come to-day, to tell you something that lies heavy on my heart. It must seem strange and abrupt for me 10 speak cf this so suddenly, but I cannot soften it, or smooth it down, so you must forgive me.' He neifher stirs, or speaks, and I move a step nearer to him in my earnestness and pain. 'It has been all a mistake, and we have found it out, and both have lacked courage to s.iy so. Do you hear me, Donald ? It was all a mistake. It is not like you to be cowardly ; why should we not own it honestly, and part friends ?' Some little lingering ray of hope that has been hidden far down in my heart shines out with a sudden, sweet, bright radiance — a wild longing to hear him deny the truth of my words conies over me. I make a step forward, nearer still to- where the dear face is hidden in the hands that have so often clasped mine ; but, at that moment, he raises his head, and as our eyes meet, a stifled sob comes from my quivering lips, for in the face that looks at me there is sorrow, shame, sadness unutterable, but no love. His voice is hoarse and' broken. ' Can you forgive me, Mab ?' And God, who knows the secrets of all hearts, knows that in that moment I forgive him, even as I hope to be forgiven. Now that certainty has taken the place of fear, and of a half- unconscious hope, my cour age comes to me fourfold. I go close -up to him, and take his hands in mine. ' Donald,' I say, ' there is nothing to for give ; you could not help it. Oh, she is so fair, I do not wonder at it, dear ! And, indeed, the pain that I am feeling now, is as nothing com pared to that of living, as we have been doing lately, with a shadow for ever between us— a very lovely shadow, Donald, with golden hair, and a sweet girlish face, not worn and sad like mine. See ! I am going to take my ring off your finger, and set you free !' But he starts to his feet, and catches both my hands in a grasp like a vice. * Mabel !' he cries, what do you take me for? Do you think* me dishonourable enough to take you at your word ?' I look steadily and sadly in his face, but say no word ; and for the first time the dear eyes fall before mine, the hot blood flushes cheek and brow. Then I speak again. * I will tell yoa what I take you for, Donald. I take you for a man who is far too honourable to make one woman his wife while he loves another better.' The passion that is in my heart gives me strength. I wrench my hands from his hold, ' See !' I say, pressing my hands upon my heart to stay its beating, ' I will come to you even now — I will lay my head down on your breast, as I have done so often — if you will hold out your arms to me, and look me in the face and say. in the voice that has never lied to me : ' Mabel, I love you, best and dearest of all!' And, as I knew it would, the truth of liis nature asserts itself — he liu'ds no loving arms out to me, speaks no loving word ; and my hot, passionate words find no reply, save silence. I look at the bowed head, the downcast face that I have known so full of boyish brightness, and such pity grows up in iny heart for hi;u, that for the time being my own sorrow fr.ile-; fioui my sight, and I am able to be calui again. ' You must not grieve too much over this, Donald ; it is hard pain, I know, but it will pass. And oh, my darling, it might have been so much, much worse i I might have found it out too late, when I could not have freed you. Thank Heaven, I know it now. Thank Heaven, I have hot made your whole life deso late !' ' Desolate !' he says, catching at the word. ' Ah, Mab, tell me that I have not made you so ? Tell me, dear, that this is no« such a very deep pain — that you will not suffer very cruelly. I could not bear to think of that poor little pale face, with such a sad wistful look as it bears now — it will haunt me, Mab !' and he covers his eyes with his hands, as if to shut out the sight. While I — well — I feel that the interview has lasted long enough ; that I can not bear to hear him pitying a sorrow he may never, never comfort. I feel that I am listen ing, for the last time, to the sound of a voice that has l-een the -music of my life ; that if I listen much longer I shall break out into bitter weeping, and fall prone at his feet, and pray him not to leave me so unutterably desolate. So I rally all my failing force, and give him my hand in farewell. ' Don't be troubled about me. You would not think lhatfl had ever truly loved yod — if I could — give you up without some pain. But do not fear, it will pass. God is very good to us when we are in trouble. He has never for saken me yet. He will not fail me now. Good-bye, good-bye, Donald.' ' I speak as one who is stifling for want of air. He has turned away, and rests his arms on the mantel-shelf, covering his face. ' Nay,' I say, feebly trying to pull his hands down, ' do not be unkind. Say, * Good-bye, Mab, and God bless you.' I can say the same from my heart to you.' He turns to me with outstretched hands, and, oh ! such a troubled face. ' Good-bye,' he says, and says no more. Perhaps it is something in my poor, pitiful face, looking up to his — perhaps same new and subtle revelation comes to -him of how dear he is. I cannot tell ; but the great tears gather and drop down. The pain is too acute. I cannot bear it I drag my hands from his hold. ' Leave me — oh, Donald 3 leave me now, if you know what pity is. I hear the door close, the quick step down the stairs, the click of the white gate, all the oid well-known sounds of his comings and his goings — sounds I had strained my ear to hear so often, and shall never hear again— and then ? Ah, my friends ; then, when we are left alone with the reality of an anguish that has hitherto been but a dread, then come the dark ness which, like that in Egypt of old, may be felt I steal, like some weary, white-faced ghost, slowly along the wide, low passages, mechani cally stretching out my Hand t« touch the wall, and feel something to guide me, for I am blind — deadened by a strange, awful numbness, as though all things around me, and I too, were part and parcel of some pitiful dieam ; that a second self, from some far distance, was watch ing curiously, anxious to know what that weary, tearless, haggard woman will do next. Soonllay huddled together on my little white bed, my door .closed, the woild shut out, alone with my sorrow, and yet unable to grasp iu height and depth, unable to look it in the face— feeling very far, oh, very far away from every one— from Donald, from love, and light, and comfort — even from God ! I lie thus, cold and tearless, with a dead heart in my breast, that cannot throb, or ache, or sorrow, but seems turned into stone. I hear a gentle tap at my door,- and then Nannie's kind old face looks in, and, candle in hand, she bends anxiously over me ; but I cover my face, and turn from the light, and say : ' Leave me quiet, please Nannie. I have a headache.' She walks across the room, and .sets the candle so that shade, and not glare, is thrown upon me ; and then she takes one of my cold hands in both her own, and fondles it against her bosom, as she had done long ago when I was a little desolate child crying for my good ayah. ' It is true, Miss Mabel,' she says at last, ' that you think to blind the poor old eyes that have watched you, all these years? Are you trying to put the trouble that is in your heart from poor old Nannie ? Oh, my baim I let me help you in your sorrow ? let me strive to ease the heart-ache that's in you !' I turn away no more, as my hand lies upon her breast, I feel her tremble hand shake with some rising anger, and I 'see, in the dim light, her grey eyes gleam as she goes on eagerly : * I ken her, and the wiles she's wiled him away from ye with ? O iny bairn, 'twas a bad day for you when first she came here wi' her wee-bit shoes, in shining buckles, and the heels that go ' chink-a- chink,' as she walks along, ' sounding brass and tinkling cymbals,' which the Lord can't no ways abide. And the mother that set her on to win the laddie from yOU — a. false Jezebel, wi' her wheedling ways and soft, words, creeping and crawling into people's houses, and sundering those the good Lord joined together ! 'Many's the time I'd have given a year's earnings to have been let slap the door in her face ! What were you my simple dove to strive with the wiles of such as they !' and she threw her kind loving arms about me and kissed my cold tearless face. * Don't ye take the sorrow this way, my baim !' she urges, imploringly, her voice broken by rising tears ; ' I've seen many take the sorrow in my day ; some takes it greeting, -and some take it wi' a calm soul, and when there's no tears to wash away the bitterness the heart breaks.' And she croons and moans over me as a mother over her sick child. ^ ' The Lord's aye good to us in sorrow, Miss Mabel ; the dear Lord don't forget us then ; it seems as if he hears us best out of deep waters for all the noise o' the wind and waves about us.' But perhaps my still, hopeless face lying against her breast tells her that God's comfort cannot reach me yet, for she sobs out in a very passion of. grief and pity : ' Oh, my lammie ! How lonesome yell be all through the long days, without the puir Ixranie lad that was just the sunshine of the bouse !' ? All through the long days !' Those words unlock the fountain of my tears. They set before me all the coming days in their fullest desolation — the dark days that are coming when I may watch for him no more — never listen for his step, or hear his voice, or feel the clisp of his arms again ! So that the icy bands that hold my heart melt away, and, dinging about Nannie's neck, I break into bitter weeping. (To be continued.) 