Chilftrm'g (Mumn. « LEFT BEHIND;" OB TEN DAYS A NEWSBOY. [From Harpers Young People. 1 CHAPTER VUL AN ACTHOB'S TRIALS. By;the Author of "Toby Tyler," "Mr. Stubts's Brother," "Raising the 'Pearl."' Ac. When the dinner was ended—and the members of the dramatic company made short work of it in order to begin their professional duties as soon as possible—Mopsey Dowdfully realized that he was about to invite bis partners to pass judgment upon him. Whether he was entitled to it or not. he had 'some considerable fame as an author, and for that reason he had taken upon himself, and even eagerly, the task of preparing an original play for tne great event now about to take place. When he rose from the table he knew that every eye was upon him, and that each one present expected to hear him say something relative to the effort of brain and mind he was making. He was a genius, and would be until his friends found him oat, which occurrence wonld not be very far off if he should say anything then, for the very good reason that he did not know what to say. He knew that something must be done, and that speedily, which would bear out his claim to distinction, and, with a view to gaining time, he said— " You fellers go into the theatre, 'cause I ain't quite ready yet, and 111 go up to my room to think over one or two things.'' This speech was needed at the moment, for his partners were beginning to suspect that MopBey was not all he claimed to be, because he had been so quiet as to his play; but now perfect trust was restored by his words, and the proprietors of the theatre went up to their temple of art feeling every confidence in the author who was struggling in the privacy of his chamber for their sue- Cess. The delay in the beginning of the rehearsal was just what Nelly wanted, for it enabled her to add what she considered would be the crowning beauty of their decorations. She had conceived the idea only that afternoon while engaged in keeping the sound peaches at the top of the basket and the unripe ones at the bottom. A friend of hers, whose mother kept a thread-and-needle emporium that was contalced in a willow basket, and displayed to the public veiy near her truit-ate.ua, was skilful in the art of making paper flowers. From time to time she had presented Nelly with specimens of her Bkill, until everything in the house that could be pressed into service as a vase was filled with these neverfading and odourless roses. It had occurred to her that these flowers might be so arranged on the wall as to form the word " Welcome," and when she suggested her idea to the boys, after Mopsey had gone into his room, they were delighted with it. The delay caused by the author enabled them to go to work upon this last and most beautiful of their decorations at once. Dickey went out for a paper of tacks, and Johnny drew on the wall, directly opposite the entrance of the hall, the outlines of the word to be filled up with the paper flowers. But there was a difference of opinion among those who were watching him as to how the word should be spelled. He had drawn out the letters " Welknm," which Paul insisted was not right. He then spelled the word correctly, ana referred the matter to Ben for a decision. Thus appealed to, as if he was an authority in such matters, Ben looked wonderfully wise, but refused to give any decision until after he had written the word down on a bit of paper, that he might see which looked correct. After some moments of anxious suspense for Johnny, who had built a very frail stand to enable him to reach a point on the wall where it would be impossible for any of the audience to tear- the flowers down, Ben announced that neither was correct, and that the word should be spelled " wellcom." It was in vain that Paul insisted Ben was wrong. The decision had been given, and the others decided that where a matter was left to a third party for settlement, all must be satisfied with the ruling. Therefore Johnny marked out the letters as Ben had said, and after Dickey's return with the tacks the flowers were put up, forming a very gorgeous and badly spelled word. Before the partners had finished admiring this very beautiful ornament on the wall of their theatre a noise was heard on the stairs, aud, on looking out, Dickey announced by frantic gestures that the author was coming. It was a moment of anxious expectancy, for at last thev were to know the result of their partner's labours, and they were also to learn just what they were to do on the important occasion. Dickey was particularly anxious, probably fearing lest his part should not be such as would admit of his carrying a sword and shield. Mopsey walked into the room with slow . and measured step, as if he knew the weight of the words he was abont to speak, and feared lest, being too heavy, they might topple him over. But_ Master Dowd was not one who did anything in a careless manner. He did not deign to speak until he had walked the length of the room, disappeared behind the scenery, and stalked out ujx>n the Btage, holding a huge sheet of paper in his hand as if it was a weapon with which he was about to strike any refractory member of the firm should his play not be exactly to their liking. " Fellers," he said, as he cleared his throat. Then noticing the female portion of his company , he corrected himself by saying, " Fellers an' Nelly!—When we firat made up our minds to build this theatre"— Here he waved his roll of paper around as if to point out which theatre he meant, when his attention was attracted by the new ornament, thereby causing him to forget what he was ; about to say. " Who put that up ?" he asked, almost "laid," said Johnny; and then, anxious to shift any responsibility of the spelling to the shoulders on which it belonged, he added. "butBenspeUedife" "Well, fix it," commanded the disturbed author. "If any of the fellers should see that they'd think we didn't know nothin' at all Put it w-e double 1-k-o-m." Johnny started to obey him, thinking with delifdit that he had been almost right before, and Mopsey continued— " When we bailt this place 1 said Fd fix up play myself, so's we'd be sure to have everyhire one offer the /talian that keeps across toe street—that I thought we'd play somethin the boys all knew, and we'd kinder lay over anythin' they'd ever seen at the same time. So I thought we'd play the whole of Shakspeare, an' that would give eve rybody a fair show." There was a look of disappointment on the faces of his hearers as_ he said this, aud noticing it, he added quickly, " You see, we couldn't get up a whole play ne w. an' give all hands a chance to do figntin'; an then, agin. Dickey wouldn't have a shield an' a swora any other way than this." This last argument changed the look on Dickey's face at once, and he was perfectly satisfied with any arrangement now, for he knew his ambition was to be realized. The others were careful to show no signs o laproval until they were satisfied that they had Eeen treated as well as Dickey had. " Of course," continued Mopsey, as he looked around at his audience much as if he expected to hear some of them say that he couldn't write a play, " the first thing we had to have was a programme, an' I've made one out, so's you'll know jest what you've got to do." Here Mopsey unfolded the paper he had carried in his hand, and displayed a bill of the clay. The following is as nearly like it as possible:— GEATC SHoW-At Mis GiteNs-BosDin House THe HoLe ov SHAKspiR SATellDAy NiTe, 8 in tile e renin RicHAKD 3 . llAKBe-H OmeLLeR HAMLeT Tne GOST A si.NGeR . Mopaev DOWD . Dickev SPRY . SnineR JoNes . POLLy WesioN . Ben TReAT . NeLLY Gnen PRice 5 cenTs. PreSeRVeD ceATa 8 cenis GRATe Tisie. Mopsey waited patiently until all had read this wonderful production, and he was pleased to see that nearly all were satisfied with their parts. Ben Treat was the only one who appeared to think be had any cause for complaint, and he very soon made his grievance known. "I can't play ghost," he said fretfully; "I don't know nothin' 'bout it, an' I want more to do." Mopsey had made up his mind as to what he should^ do in case of any dissatisfaction, and he said to Ben, in tones of deepest scorn— "A great feller you are to get up a fuss before you know what you've got to do ! an' you oughter be ashamed of yourself. Why, you've got an awful lot to do. In the first place, you've got to come an' 'most scare the life out of Polly, an' then when he runs away you've got to do a song an' dance and turn three or four handsprings before you sink right down through one of these holes. I don't know what you do want if that don't suit you, unless it is to do the whole play." Ben had nothing more to say; he realized that his was really an important part, and he was abashed by the withering sarcasm of the angry author. Then each of the others, fearing lest he should not have as good an opportunity for the display of his talents, demanded to know what he was to do. "Now I'll begin an' tell you the whole thing," said Mopsey, as he prepared to show how all of Shakspeare's plays could be performed on one evening by a small company. "In the first place, Nelly comes out, all dressed up, an' sings a song; then the play commences. I come out with a sword an' pistols, an' tell about my hoss runnin' away, an' after I get through Shiner comes out an picks a fuss with me, an' £ kill him." Here the speaker was interrupted by the gentleman who had been selected to play the part of Othello with the remark that it was hardly fair to dispose of him at such an early stage of the performance, more especially on the first night. " But you come on agin an' dance," said Mopsey, fretfully. "Why don't you wait till I get through ? After I kill Shiner, Dickey comes in, an' we two have a reg'lar fight, an' we both run away. Then Shiner jumps up, an' dances jeBt as long as he can, an' down comes the curtain. In the next act Polly comes out an' talks a lot of stuff; an' when he gets through, Ben comes up right through the floor an' scares him awfully ; an' when he runs off. Ben does a song an' dance, an' that ends that act. Then Nelly sings another song, an'we all come out fightin ; an' when we get through, Dickey dances a clog; an' if that hain't show enough for five cents I don't know what is." In_ fact, the partners were of Mopsey's opinion, and since they were all to appear in the last act in a grand fight, they would not have complained even though it had been necessary for them all to die in the first scene. Even if Mopsey had not written an original play, he had covered himself with glory in this arrangement of Shakspeare's works, and if there had been any doubts as to the success of their enterprise, they were dispelled now. Of course it was necessary to make some arrangements for costumes, and an exciting discussion began at once, during which Mrs. Green was called upon to see what she could do toward fitting the party out. Mopsey proposed that a further assessment of twenty-five cents be made on each of the company, and announced that, prosperous as business was just then, he bad decided to shut up shop the next day in order to give his whole attention to the important work of preparation. Dickey volunteered to sacrifice his business also in order to aid him, and it was believed that with the funds just raised these two could buy and hire weapons enough to arm the entire party. Mrs. Green had several things which it was thought could be used with good effect, and all hands went to work making wooden swords, in case there should be any trouble in finding the real articles. Nelly made more tickets, so that all who were anxious to witness the performance might at least have one, and Paul was given charge of the money that had been received thus far; for all were anxious to see the entire receipts of that night's performance in one unbroken whole, even if it was necessary to advance funds from each pocket in order to make the necessary purchases. During the remainder of that evening Mopsey rehearsed the different members of company separately until he was convinced that they could carry out their respective parts perfectly. f To be continued.) 