DIOCESAN SYNOD OF TASMANIA. THE PRESIDENT'S ADDRESS. The following is tho address doh\cred bj tho Bishop of lasuiania (Right lto\ Dt Sandfoid)at tho commencement of tho ant nuol session of tho Chui cb of Lngland D10 ocsan Synod, which was opened 111 Hobart on Tuesday, 18th msl - M\ Rk> 1'iii'vnBiiKriini rr and Bim thuin ol' rai' Lilli,-Anothoi ycai has gono into the mo\ ocal do past since I had lu st tho pim lego and nd\antnco of meeting you 111 Sjnod And now, tluougli the mel ey of God; wo aro mot to eousidui once 111010 our position, and tho duties it untails, and to take counsel to gothci on multéis tho most mipoitunt, in thoir nature and isstios, which enn occupy tlio thoughts of men The occasion can not but bo solemnised to us all by tho sonso of responsibility and of tlio opportiuu tíos it affords May wo liovo grace and wisdom to uso it faithfully and woll In addressing you, ni tho opening of oin pro cocdmgs, I pioposo to confino mjsolf to such subjects ns lightly fall within tho purview of tlio Sy nod, 01 alfeet our general interests and action as a bodj, holding a lecogmsod position and e\ei cismg a coi tain influence ill tho community 'those connected with tho special functions and duties of tlio clcrgj, and my [dations to them anil to then woilL will more conveniently mid nppiopilatelyïr dealt with at tho visitation on llmisiry 11101 nmg 111 tlio Cathedral II must not bo mfei red f 10111 lins, howeiei, that I regan! mj lay brethren as having no interest or concern 111 tho ordeung and disclmgo of. theso duties and functions I lia\o no wisr toicsluel the laj iniiid to tlio ckoterir In lebgion, leseiMiig tho esolouc as a specialty, and poculuu to a pimlegcd casto, as if it wore then poison ii and exclusive pioportj, 01 as if they only woro capible of apprc bending it No1 do I deny the righi, 01 doubt the wish, of the laity to know Ino mind and judgment of then Bishop on the questions which, os a rulo, occupj tho einige But I foul thatloughttoboeonsidorateof yourtinic, and must not tax it 01 your patience hy d19 cussing hore topics ami nffons which, lion 01 or important, 1110 not pioposcd, 01 calling foi s\ nodical action, somo of them, indeed, not boin/ within Ihopiopoi cognisniico and juusdielion of fho Sj nod Tins com so will, I am sino, commend itself to both my cleneal and lay milln cn as tho most fitting and tho most convenient Those of you who oro acquainted willi patustie litoiatnie will remember that thoro has boon pi usen ul to us, among fho vu dingi of St Augustine, a ticatiso entitled "lie tractations" Tho pin port of ii was not to disivow and withduiw opinions formelly ox pressed, but, lecoiding to tho oiiginnl and 111010 aecuiatu mooning of tho tenu by which it was dosignalcd, to draw attontion to, and handle once moro, subjects ali cady discussed, eousidoi nig them anew in tho light of fuller nifoi niation, lorgei experience, and a moro in ituie judgment With a similar object (si parca licel com- ponera »iittjnis, if I may vonturoto illustrato and explain my acta and intentions by such an illustrious example) I ask your kind at- tention while I refer briefly to ono or two points on which I touched lost yoar in ra/ synodal address. And first lot mo assure j a that tho valuo and importance I havo aV\ys boon disposedtoattach to thoSynod aaa piirtof our Church organisation has boon greatly en- hanced by oxporioneo mid rellcction oven during my short episcopate. As I havo corao to know moro of the dlocoao, of tho dor and their work, of tho condition and needoo tho localities in which thoy minister-andi, thoso which aro beyond tho_ roach of any proper supervision and ministrations on thoir part-I havo loarnt to ostimato moro accurately and vividly tho greatness of tho charge for which I am chiefly accountable. And togothor with this thoro lias como to mo tho knowlodgo of nooda and deficiencies, of resources already over-taxed and inadoquato, of claims and expectations ontortainod, and often brooded ovor in tho hearts of many, spokon out and urged by tho Ups and pens of a fow moro open and courageous and holpful, aa I think ; and thon, lastly, tho knowlodgo and assuranco of capabilities and energies, and readiness to asaiat and to give, loft latont and dormant, through ncgli gonco and fault > somowhoro, but wailing and anxious to bo called forth and utilised in tho sorvico of God and of our follow men. Tho picturo baa grown and dovoloped uni my oyo, in outlino nnd detail, in roloi.,. and aliado, presenting at timos its brighter and moro encouraging, but moro froquontly and persistently ita dark and depressing aapoct, till-you will not wondor, dear brethren-it baa filled mo with anxioty and perplexity, though never as yot with dospair. And tho burdon of tho roaponaibility anil obligations thna brought homo to my mina and heart, must bo horno, first of all, and in largcai meoauro, by mysolf, and by myself alone I know boforohand, I was warnou by moro than ono oidor brother in tho opisco pato.considoratoly and kindly, that this mi* bo. No ono within tho seas which defino aB" limit our boundaries as a colony, and for tlio prosent, at least, as a diocoao, can share with mo ray position and offico, and all that thoso ontaif. But tho moro, on this vory account, do I regard with dcop thankfulness and erf / fort tho provision mado for my guidanco ijL* tho Synod, constituted and girW to mo na n council, and associated wirti help, in mo in tho ordering and administration of occlosiaatical affairs. I am thankful to knoff; that I may always confidently roly on your Bympathy, your frank and honost advicoj your ossistanco and co-operation in whatever] promises to benefit tho dioceso, and all foa whom wo aro bound to caro, and it is roy earnest prayer and hopo that thoro may ha over maintained botweon na tho moat cordial and trustful mid kindly relations. | I reminded you last year of tho aourco from which wo havo derived tho truo idea of » Synod. It was no novelty or oxpodiont ¡ni traduced to meet a temporary cmorgoncy. ft) forming it thora was no assumption of poww or of right to create a now thing at pleasure} on tho part either of Parliament or thj Church. On tho contrary, it waa a wist and loyal rocurronco to first principles and to tho procodonts furnished by thr practice of tho Primitive Church, a' recorded both in ¡ Holy Scripture and ii tho history of tho earliest and purest ages of Christianity. And there is nothing more certain and Indisputable than tho fact that on those principles and precedents the Anglican Communion, from tho first moment of being aroused and enabled to assert and vindicate her free and unfettered right to in- dependence and self-government, mid to Ï faithful adherence to evangelical truth and apostolic order, has ever founded her distinc- tive, and, as we believe, impregnable position. _ J Lot mo improsB upon yon tho duty am nocossity of our loyally and intolligeiilJj maintaining, that position, if wo would innki gootl our claim to bo true representatives ol tlio Church of England in these colonies. J Nor is it less cssontial to do this, if w would consistently and safely cherish and n0 upon tho sympathy which I trust wo all f« with tho alms and aspirations of tho days i which wo livo. Those, if I mistake not, ni craving and searching for a belief which she bo at once orthodox and reasonable, in koop ing with tho righteousness and love of God, and tho needs and conscience of man ; for a , \- worship which shall givo oxprossion to the doopost and truest foolings of tho human heart towards1 tho object of its, rovoronco and dovolion; and, lastly," for a closer union and fellowship with all ? tho good, the earnost, tho noble'and true, and willi all forms of goodness, ? solf-sacrifico, and bono volcnco which havo for their ond the improve- ment and happinoss of humanity. Con thoso longings and iiomands bo mot? Can wo help to moot thom?, Scionco and philosophy, by tho lips and ponB of somo of their toachors, have made their offer, havo bid for accept- ance on tho plea that they can. Oiily in the latest phoso it has boen in rivalry and compe fition-{vitlo papors by Mr. Herbert Sponcer, Mr. Harrison,.and Mr. Justice FllzJauica Stophon, in thaJfhieteenVt CenluryJ-aud wo may not unreasonably bid thom Bottle tho , disputo botwoon thomsolvos before cither calls upon us to answer their respectivo claims. In tho meantime, tho Church has her op- portunity. Will she avail horsolf of it? Can she do so with effect? Wo may ho roady and eager to furnish tho reply ; but thoro is one condition of succoss-wo must bo honost and consistent. ~ot '.>. ' . I It is not opon'to .us to turn our .backs on, the past, and ¡on..tho horitago wo haye re-M ccivod from it. ,? How to bring its lossons to . bear on tho facts with which wo have to' deal, and tho probloms wo.havo to solvo, this is tho ; Îuostion to which'we'must givo our minds.,,' n tho study of it lot us rcmombor that thora aro two factors which alono can produco tho desired result. .iKnowlodge and sympathy, ' siucero conviction and fearless courage ; in othor and familiar,words, faith and love, tho Christian creed^and tho Christian character, lhave said this to you hero and now, bocauso it scorns to mo tho ortly propor basis on which wo can rightly and profitably procood in our Synodical discussions and action. Wo aro ' not sot to build tho houso of tho Lord In ' thoso lattor days, that nil nations and poonta I may flow into it, without a supply of all tho material with which' it is to bo constructed. That material is plastic, and moy bo shopod , and foshioned according to our needs. But ' the pattern has, boon shown us on the | Mount, and wé aro to seo to it that wo make all things according to that pattern. , How eau wo do this if wo aro ignorant or un- j mindful of tho'grcat principle I havo enun- ciated. I havo hoard our Church described I as being free as tho winds of heaven. I have heard the Synod' itself declared to bo, in ita j propor and legitimate sphere, omnipotent And so, in a sense, they are. But we can only use this freedom and this power aright when we are truo and loyal to our bqliof and. membership in one Holy, Catholic, and Apostolic Church. For we are under one wise and wholesome restriction. Our legis- lation must not alter or be at variance with the authorised standards of faith and doc- trine, in which 'that great article of tho creed ís held and taught as a truth revealed, by God. Thore is one other featnre in the constitu- tion and laws enacted for us by Parliament to which I must also refor. Comparing our position with that of tho Church in other colonies, we have cause, I think, for much thankfulnow mid encouragoment It is im- possible le challongo our loom alamil and our rights a« hoirs, ond representativos of tho branch of tho Church of England originally founded in this colony. Our status, our pro- perty, our jurisdiction over our own officers and members, " so far as concoma thoir respectivo positions, rights, duties, ond liaoilities, in regard of their otlico, niin iitry, membership, or communion In tlio Church," aro acknowledged and se curod. Wo havo boon authorised and en abled to eslablish a tribunal for the trial of offences against tho laws ecclesiastical, as well those involving breeches of discipline as questions of doctrine and ritual, to which the clergy and officers of tho church are made amenanable; and witnessess appearing beforo the said tribunal may be examined on oath by any judge or Commissioner thoreof." Happily, although tho court is always duly constituted by each now Synod, it has never boon called upon to sit, and the office of my learned friond, the Chancellor, as also that of tho Church Advocate, has been, so far, altogolhor a sinecure I trust that the oiiiiwi cum diynilalo, but not, I fear, rum beneficio, which my learned friends havo hitherto ho thoroughly enjoyed, may novor bo disturbed by any call upon their services in connection with this tribunal. Flirthor, tho i epresento tion of our porishionors in Synod and the distribution of seats, although originally pro- scribed and adjusted, havo been left to bo deolt with by tho Synod according to its wisdom and pleasure, and can novor bo the subject of agitation, or tho oc- casion of strained rotations botweon ,our various toglslativo authorities. I havo, in moro than ono instance, been greeted hy crowds at railway stations mid olsowhoro on my journoys, but, so far as I con judgo, tho Synod must bo in accord with Hie feel- ings of its constituants, as Hie cry for reform of tlio franchisa, or redistribution of seals, has novor boon mooted in my hearing. It is not, in fact, within the sphoro of practical ccclosiastical politics. Further, tlio Synod is oinpoworod to divido tho diocoso into soparato cur.os, congregations, or parishes, to determino tlio modes of patronage and moko rulos as to tho management of pro- perty, and gonorolly to regúlalo the affairs of the Church as it may deem oxpeditnt. Tho notioos of resolutions, which have boon printed and placed in your bauds, show that those powers, at any rato, aro not to bo loft in aboyanco or idlo, and my visitation of tlio diocoso has convincod ino thot tlio interests of tho Church and of tho souls committed to its charge, demand nothing moro impera- tively than tho consideration w liol tier thoy ought not to bo exercised in regard to tlio in- cidence and effect of what is called " tlio amalgamation of cures " scheme. Onco moro it is to bo observed that tlio rights of tlio threo orders of which the Synod is composed havo been amply guarded and maintained by tho provision ' that on tho re- quest of tho Bishop, of threo clergymen, or of threo laymen, tlio voles of the clergy and laity shall ho talton separately in Synod ¡" that tho assent of tho Bishop is essential to tho validity of any Synodical net or resolu- tion ; that no legislation during a vacancy of fho Seo "shall projudico or affect any spiritual right, powor, or prorogative belong- ing or appertaining to tlio office of a Bishop of Hie Church ;" nor at any timo doprivo tho Bishop of any legal right ho may hovo as to Hie disposition or modo of application of any property "hitherto vested in him," oven when it has boon transferred to tho church pro porty trasteos, and is managed by thom. And, again, in onabling tlio Synod " by act or resolution to mako provision for tho ap- pointment of Bishops, and of all porsons hearing offico in the Church, and generally to regulate thoir lonuro of oflico," a clauso in the Church Constitution Amendment Act declared to bo essential by Iheobloand autho- ritative " opinion " of our follow synodsinan, Mr. John Mcintyre (whoso abhoneo on tho present occasion wo must all regrot, and whoso visit to Now Zealand for tho boncfit of his health is accompanied by our prayers and host wishes), m this onabling clauso Parliament gavo warrant and oppor- tunity for tho resolution passod in 1882, which provides and declares thot "a Bishop appointed undortho regulations of tho Synod, and duly installed, shall be tho Bishop of Tasmania within tho meaning of " tho Church of England Constitution Act, and sholl be for all purposos the successor of tho last pro ceding Bishop of Tasmania." While a olaiiBo in the original Act, which is to bo read and construed togothor willi its amondinont " as ono Act," givos forco and validity lo Synodi- cal legislation oqnal in its propor sphoro, and as regards its rightful subjects to that of Parliament itsolf. It reads thus, as you will romomber : " Every Act and resolution of tho Synod, made in pursuanco of and in accordance with the provisions this Act, sholl bo deeraod to bo incorporated therewith, and Bhall bo of tho samo forco and offert as it tho same wero oxprcssly.oiiactod heroin." I might mention other particulars which show tho spirit and intondmont of Tasmanian Parliamentary legislation to have boon con- siderate and generous to tho Church. I doubt whether in any other colony similar vantago ground And privileges have boon granted, ortho Church of England boon equally favoured on tho withdraw al of " State aid." And, whon thoro are addod to this the grants of property in churches, parsonagos, and globes without consideration or payment, and the endowment of nearly £00,000, mado over to our governing body, and loft at its freo and unrestricted disposal under the Stato Aid Commutation Act (for which wo aro in- debted mainly to .the efforts and influonco of tho late Hon. Daniel Chapman, Acting-Chief Justico Dobson, and others in Parliament at tho timo) I havo onumorated a cataloguo of advantages wo enjoy in this diocoso, which may woll make my Episcopal brethren and thoir clorgy and pooplo olsowhoro wish that thoy lived undor tho rulo of tho Tasmanian Govornmontand'Legislature. What would tho Church in ¡ Canada havo givon for such forms on, the withdrawal of tho " clorgy rosorvos ?" How would the path of tlio Primate and Church of South Africa bo cleared of difficulties (in which I am suro thoy havo our Bynipothy and proyors) if thoy had obtained such Church Constitution Acts from tho LogiBlaturo of tho Capo Colony? I wish that wo could bono for our sister church in Ceylon (although slio would not give lior Archdeacon to us aa'our Doati), that slio may moot with somewhat of tho Bamo considera- tion and generosity at tho prosont crisis in hor history. I do not mention all tliis in a Bpirit of boaslf iilnoss, or with any wish that wo should bo lod to rost upon tho arm of flosh, but it seems to mo to'demand recognition, if ni no other ground, that wo may bo oncouragod and Btirrod up to mako tho most of tho favourable circiunstancos in which wo aro thus placod. Lost, howovor, I should bo misunderstood, lot mo recall to you that lim roal foundation and sanctions on which wo dopond aro not temporal and oortlily, but allogothor spiritual. It is tho accidents and not tho essentials of tlio Church which alono aro within tlio reach and influonco of the civil powor. Thoy aro not ignorant or miutalton morely, but guilty of wilful porvorslon and idlo talk, who spoak of hor, either hero or at homo, an tho crea- ture of an Act of Parliament. Sho oxistod boforo Parliaments or tho Monarchy itself. If, according to tho prophecloa willoh »out boforo on her, mid ¡tho, ordinanco of God which vouchsafed toihom tho high privilogo. " Kinga havo boon hor mirslng fathers, and 'Quoons her nursing mothers," it is not to the nurse that' tho child owos ita lineage, ita Îiarontage, its' birth. Thoy woro not to bring orth, but to hi lug up children for Zion, oven when theso should bo the "ehildron of hor boreavomont" (Isaiah, xlix., 20-2,1), just as Mpscs (Nunibors, x1., 12), speaks of himself _ as a " nursing father to the peoplo of God ' of whom ho Hays, "Havo I conceived all this people? Havo I begotten thom that thou shouldcat say unto mo, carry them in thy bosom, ns a nursing fatlior beareth tho Buck- ing child, unto tho land which thou sweareat unto their fathors?" Moreover, it is soniow hat surely against tho interpretation put at timos on tho words of Isaiah to which I liai o al- luded, and which would mako tho " nursing fathors and nursing mothors" anything moro limn ministering survants in tho household of Faith ; it ia a warning to us, also, of tho fatal error of wresting words from their context, when wo wish to understand thom, or to interpret them honestly, according to thoir real meaning ; that, without pauso or break, in this,vory sama passage, tho prophot goos on to say to Zion of thoso Kings and Quooiib,",'thoy shall bow down to thoo with their faces toward the earth, and lick up ,the dust of thy feet" And yot a rartipant nrçd deadening j<Erastinnlam onco loudly quoted tho, former portion of tho text, but deliberately ignored * and ' suppressed "the-latter clause, although'it immediately follows. Courtly i preachers and stateamon grasping at Church authority for political onda did 'not scruplo to impress on sovereigns , that .they , woro tho nursing fathors and .nursing mothors of tho Church herself,' and not, as it really is, of tho Church's children. It would i havo boon in- convénient and awkward ¡to > continuo tho quotation, and call on them to fulfil its pro- phecy and injunction I ' ' But I must pasé now to tho subjects which aro to como under our consideration, and with which wo havo to deal on tho prcsopt occasion. And,' first; tho question, at which I morely glaucod last year, as to tho desira- bility of compiling a definite cods of canons for our rule and guidan¿a, will bo raised by a motion of, which tho Secretary of Synod baa given notice Canon'Bailey was tho editor of tho present edition of our "Digest," as it is called. From' his position, as such, and as associated with mo in tho administra- tion of diocoaan affairs, ho is among tho host fitted to know, and feel tho real need of auch a codo ; whilo his moving in tho matter provea that wo need not apprehend, on tho Íiart of thoso ,chtolly responsible for tho orm in which çur ecclesiastical laws aro at present, 1 cannot' say codified, but only, and not voryconvoniontly.sot forth and recorded, any jealousy nt tho proposal to suporsodo tho Digost I will not forestall tho discussion which will doubtless ariso out of his motion. It acema to mo that there ia much wisdom in tho suggestion that the codo should originate with tho General Synod, if it will undcrtako its compilation. It will bo a gain to havo a widor field of oxporionce to draw from, mid, still moro, anothor bond of union between tho various diocosos of our Church in theao colonies. Wo can nlwaya havo a supplementary codo, if re- quired, by local and peculiar circumatauces. Our rospoctod^hairman of Committees, who has acted in tho samo capacity in tho General Synod as well, proposes to bring tho law of patronago under roviow. Tho matter could not bo loft in botter or moro capablo hands. I nood not dwell on tho circumstances which havo proved that, not from any fault or short- coming on tho part of tho Patronage Councils, but, from tho conditions ami restrictions undor which thoy do thoir work, tho system at present in vogua lias boon a failure. But I shall havo occasion to revert to tho point in connection with tho urgont and important quostion of the supply of clergy. Tho Treasurer of tho Church Socioty will movo a resolution on tho subject of tho divi- sion and boundaries of parishes. I havo already alluded to it aa impressed upon my mind, almost bofoio everything I havo had brought undor my notice, or havo learnt in tho courao of my visitation. I hope I shall not touch tho ausccptibilitioa of thoso who wero tho authors of tho schoino for tho "Amalgamation of CureH," if I repeat what I havo already said, that tho highest in- terests of tho Church, and of thoso for whoso Fastoral caro my brothor clorgy and hnvo to próvido, domand at 'cast its reconsideration. It scorns to mo to have beon founded on a misconception. I do not beliovo that it was tho intention of tho Legis- lature, in commuting State aid, to endow existing parishes, or only tho staff of clorgy required by them, but tho Church of England in tho colony, and that not for tho yeara or tho circumstances thon immanent, but for all coining time Indeed, from tho authority on which I say this, I may venturo to affirm that I know it to havo boon so. Statesmen woro not dreaming of giving a solatium to dis- placed chaplains or disendowed congrega- tions. For tho lifo interests of tho Govern- ment chaplains, and so of tho cures thoy served until pensioned on ictircmont, woie secured in ovory case. Still Icsb could thoy havo ignored the çortainty o£ oxpansion. It has, on the contrarly, boon tho argument, al« ays urged in favour of disestablishment in all its forms, that tho Church, sot froo from tho trammols of Stato control and con- nection, ia nlwaya aura to ovpand. More- over, nt tho very niomont thoso statesmen woio teaching Ino colony to rest its liopoa of piospoiity on incienso of population. Thoy must havo known vory well that ono great incitement to immigration, on which this mostly doponded, w ould bo tho oxiatonco of a Church, which, nbovo all clso, would revivo the best and dearest associations of homo to tho emigrant attracted to these shores, at.d bo ready and able to minister to thom as thoy had beon accustomed to in tho Old Country, and ao they must haio looked to it to expand purl passa with tho population. But tho amalgamation scheme goes lo nothing moro suiely than to defeat this object. It stercotypoa tho existing stato of things, and says to the rising tido, liko tho Saxon King, only not in his «pu it, tims far shall thou como but no further, lint, it does inoio, nnd, in my opinion, it doos worse For it tonds to create a favoured class. It established for thom what would snro lo bo regarded as a vosted right in tho income of tho endowmont, and it has loft tho now parishos which might spring up entirely to their own loaourccs. And what could bo tho only and inovitnble result? I will not speak of jealousy, heart- burning, and dogged determination to resist any proposal for Church extension. But, what nooma nlmost moro Rorious, tho rocipionta of thoso gr.mts-in-aid drawn origi- nally from the coffors of tho State, havo boen in diuigcr, and moro than in danger of boing demoralised. It has driven ovory idoa of in dopendonco and self-support out of tho minds of oven tho richoBt of our country parishes. It has failed to draw forth thoir hborality towards tho Church, which has thus bestowed her own endowment on thom pro raia. It has left hor destitute of any provision for gonoral administration, or for homo missions or now centres of population, and tho out- lying districts, such as tho Now Country, South Bruny, tho West Coast, Kingia Island, and tho liko, which mo abso- lutely and ontiroly without tho ministration of religion up to tho present moment. I am fully cognisant of and I i ospoct the laudable motivo which actuated tho origi- nators of tho schomo, and tho ploa which can bo allogod in justification of thoir procoduro, I trust they will boliovo mo when I aay that it ia foreign to my intention or my wish to rcfiocl or cast blamo on thom. Thoy acted for tho boat. Wo aro, nono of us, infalliblo, not ovon tho youngost among our number. Tho many sorvices thoy havo rendered to tho Church would covor with the robe of charity and grntitudo far gi eater mistakes, if it woro amiatako, for I am ready to allow that it may havo boon tho Baving of our position, and ovon of our oxistonco in Bomo districts of tho islaud at the moment It would only now bocomo a mistake, irromcdiablo oro long in somo of its effects, I fear, and bo reprobón aiblo on our part, if wo woro to adopt a non possumus policy and cry with regard to it I trust, therefore, tliatMr. Lovett, may obtain tho commlttoo for which ho will ask, and that tho Synod will remit to it the wholo subject which the motion involves, and spe- cially the amalgamation achomo on which I havo felt it my duty to comment Meanwhilo, I do not know whothor it will bo any surprise, or any comfort, to my friends Mr. Garrard and Mr. Norman to bo told that I cannot holp praying that thoy may outlive mo. I do not envy tho Bishop of Tasmania who baa to place Macquario Plaiua and tho Plonty undor tho charco of tho already over- weighted and overworked clorgy of Now Nor- folk and Hamilton-ou-Olydo ; and to add Creasy and tho Lake River to the cure of tho lncumbout of Longford. Fingal and Avoca, Cullenswood, St. Mary's, and George's Bay, would already havo fallon victima, and ono clergyman boor, ontrustod with tho wholo rango of countiy, from tho neighbourhood of tile Cornera on tho Main Lino of Railway, to Gould's Country, tho BluoTior, nnd Thomas' Plains on tho north, if it had not boon for the courago and good soiibo of my vonorablo brothor tho Archdeacon of Launceston. Ho boldly sot asido tho law, and baa had his act condonod by tho Synod, which has ainco, year by yoar, suspended our rulo3 for tho purpose of giving the full grants to tho two districts, as if thoy had oach boon a scheduled pariah. Thon the combination of Kingston and tho D'Entiocaatoaux Channel, creating ono parish, which extends from a point with- in aix miloa of Hobart to Gardon Island Crook, and including Bruny Island, has pro aontod an insuporahlo difliculty to tho ap- pointment of a clergyman, and tho duo pro- vision of Horvlcos for all tho localities and population it includes. How eau you oxpoct mo to institute to tho euro of souls, nnd thon to speak to a clergyman of his responsibility in regard to thom, in such a caso ? It might bo a rural doauory, or an archdoaconry, but tho word pariah or euro, with all it implioa, is a misnomor. I will only add in connection with Ulis matter tho Buggoation that, ovon ponding tho roport of Mr. Lovott's oommittoo, and any possiblo legislation upon it, it may bo woll to pass aa a temporary moasuro a resolution to bo proposod by Archdeacon Hales, and which gives to tho Bishop and tho Archdeacon tho powor to deal provisionally with tho boundaries of parishes, until the Synod has takon order moro fully, and in its legislativo capacity, in regard to thom. Mr.' Thompson has, recast, in anotlior form from i that which it boro last t noa sion, tlio plan' ho ' now commends for our adoption for ' ! tho better , maln tonanco !of social purity, and "protection of tho female sotLu lio asks us alao to move in tho matter¡of tho oxiatlug law, and tho' ago of youn¿ girls protected hy it I may .mention that I have received a loiter from Misa Ellico Hopkins on this subject, It is ono which has been thought out, and donlt with by tho present Bishop bf 'Durham. Wo' cannot bo wrong in followiiig.'liis lead and acting according, to bia wiso and discrcot advice and example I must avow my ontiro nnd aordial sympathy with Mr. Thompson's object nnd proposals. Thoro is ,nothing, I am porsuadodi moro vital and ossontinl to tho woll-boing and prosperity of tho colony, and of tho rising generation around na, than tho creation ,of a hoalthy and Christian public opinion and doterminatioii in' rospeot of personal and social purity. ^ An old and respected colonist, occupying the highest position in his municipality, has urgod mo to adopt some such measure as ia now advocated. Ho aaid to me, " Bishop, I havo not donned tho blue ribbon, but I will wear a white ribbon if ,you will give it me It is what /wo need hero rather pliait tho othor." In, Edinburgh a vory romark/UiIo and comprehensivo organisation ,110a boon in- augurated for the purposo in view., I "do not' bohovo that good can como fromMragging cases and details boforo tho .wholo commu- nity. Agitation should proccod on the broad and gonoral principio, and aim at infiuoncinf tho conscience ! and sentiment and our per- sonal and Bocial habits, rather than at tho necdloss oxposuro of individual trans- gression. This is only > tho last resort. Ponai conscquencoj ought to bo loft to tho law ' and ita agenta, although, if ncod bo, thoso must bo stirred np to I do their duty. But tho ovil "ia too pre- valent, and too- terriblo in 'itself and its'results, to bo safoly ignored or let alono. Wo aro prompt and onergetic whon small-pox or chotera threaten to intrude. Hero ia nn existing, destructivo,) and moat iloadly disosse, injuring fatally tho constitution ana the happiness of individuals and families, and involving D10 ill-health; tile degradation, and misery of children yot unborn. And wo are doing littlo or nothing to stem or to euro it It is a fatal and i mistaken apathy. For if small-pox or cholera slay their hundreds, or even their thousands, impurity slays its tons of thousands-yen, its hundreds of thou- sands-not in body oniy, but in mind and heart and aoul. It darkens the lot of ita victims till hope and peace and joy ara lost to thom for ever. It makes parents tho doatroyora of their children and their chil- dren's children, thoboqueathers of a poison, and a curse to the innocont and tho holpleas for generations to como. And, fur- thor, it ia fatally and incoasingly at war ' with tho interests of our country. For if it, abounds, our material wealth may incroaao as it may, thoro may bo sheep untold in our runs, and cattlo without number in our folds, our commerco may proapor, and our coffors ovorflow with gold, but men will wither and decay. Stunted forma, and sickly incapacity, onfoobled norvo and will, and prematuro death will bo the punishment. ' Individually, and as a community, wo shall reap as wo aow. And thoro is nothing a Clirlatian minis- ter is moro directly and aolomnly charged by God himself to declaro than that vongeanco and wrath, and dreadful visitation, must fall on ovory land and pooplo dofilod by impurity and carnal sins, whether secret and concealed, or 'opon and known. But you noed no appeal from mo to induce you togiv« to tho whole matter your earnest and thought- ful attention. I turn, in the noxt place, to tho reports of select committees which will bo laid boforo you. Lot mo prom ¡so that I think wo owe our boat acknowledgments and thanks to tho gentlomon who havo given bo much timo and pains, and study, to the subjects remitted to thom. I amnotgoingtodealwith thosoreports ¡nany detail, or at much length, andlhavo no wiah unduly to bias tho courso of your debatoH upon thom. But there aro somo preliminary remarks, and in ono or two in- stances oxplanationB, which I think it wol) to submit to you. I felt it nocessary last year, I fool it still moro necessary now, to express my wiall for amondod nnd moro dofinito and practical re- gulations with regard to tho Cathedral and its Chapter. Setting asido for tho moment tho quoation aa to tho quarter and authority from which theso should proceed, I will spoak of tho necessity for thom. It is not woll than, you will ngreo with mo, to havo in tho Digest on paper, and in name and appear nuco, a cathodral system and institution, without thoir serving «omo oatensiblo and useful purposo. Wo have a building called a cathedral, which would novar havo boon orocted as only a parish church. It possesses a dignity and prostlgo and derivos coi tain advantagos, aa being tho Cathedral. More- over, I found in it a Dean, who, if personal mont and character woro proporly acknow- ledged, would havo descrvod tho creation of a special placo and title of honour in his favour. And thoro woro Canons duly named as such from tho rospect and estimation in which thoy woro hold. And there was a Chapter composed of thom, and of certain laymen, also of high character and woith elected in Synod. All this soomed promising and hopeful for good. But thon I asked, what do tho Dean and Chapter do ? What aro thoir duties and functions ? Whoro ia thoro any correspondence in ical¡ty and in action useful to tho church, or to Hobart, or to St. David's congregation, or to any person, botweon what I find on paper, and what tho Dean and Chapter as such aro performing. Tho only reply to bo given to thes > enquiries, mado mo fool that cither tho wholo thing should bo abolished, or should bo turned to somo leal practical use I had no thought or wish to interfere with aorvlcos, or parochial rights, or parochial ministrations. But in theso days, and in a colony, things must bo what thoy aro called, they must soivo aomo end, thoy must justify thoir oxistonco and thoir claims, or like tho lovely myrtlo and blackwood and sassafras, and the tower- ing oucnlypttis which oncumbor tho richoat soil in the North of Tasmania, thoy will bo ruthlessly swopt away boforo those seeking lo occupy tho ground, and turn it to somo profit. And yot whilo St. David's was fulfilling nobly and well, as it could not but do under Dean Bromby, tho functions of n parish church, and whilo it was opon to mo to uao for special functions of my office, which it would havo beon oven aa a parish church, it and its Dean and Chapter wero doing nothing to account for the nnmos they hoar. Tho Chapter hold no stated mootings, and somo yoars never met at all. Tho Canons hardly over appeared at tho sorvicos, and \ory rarely and at hap- hazard in tho pulpit. Then I thought of tho purposes of such mstitutiens, as I luid len nt thom by study nnd observation and oxpoii onco at homo. And you will not wonder that I could not bring myself to koop silence undor our failure to meet thoso nurposos. And, now also you will understand my motivo in attacking tho subjoct. I might havo sat down and dono nothing. This, how ovor, is not in my nature or compatible with mysonsoofduty. Butmyaoloobjcctand dosiro havo boon to mako the Chapter nn nctho agent for good, not in St David's parish, or bo aa to interfere with parochial miniatiations or auch rights as parishioners may bo found to possess, but in rolation to tho city and tho diocoso at larga I will not enter, as I havo said, rn'to detail. It may sullico for mo to say that tho general principio and aims of the íeport aro entirely in consonance with my ideas and wishes. Ami I cannot doubt that, if thoso aro accoptod and given offoct to, wo shall bo able to aavo tho cathedral from reproach and to mako it a powor and influence for good, in tho dioce80 of which it ia in namo tho Mothor Church. Ono thing I must furthor obBorve, for it will aorvo to cloar away misconcoption. A catho- dral chapter and cathodral system may bo or- ganised and exist, and ovon do partially thoir work without having any church or building at all as their local habitation ; just na, if you will not be startJod by such an illustration, an animal may bo a marsupial, liko tho nativo cat, the iporcupino, or tho platypus, without possessing tho roarauplum or pouch, sometimes thought to bo an essential charao teriatic. For tho prosent I am looking away to a certain oxtent from St David's pariah, and ovon from St David's Church. I long for the aid and tho comfort of having a real activo responsible Chapter. Givo mo that, and I am not indifferent in- deed, but only content as to the other features of tho schema boing delayod for a time. As our churchmanship becomes botter informod1 and moro earnoat and solf denying, tho rest will follow. Tho essence being aocurodj tho accidents may wait. But, .although this is my fooling, I do not boliove that prolonged dolay ia necessary ordosirablo. It depends on your porspicacity and wisdom to reconcile conflicting claims and wishes and viows. I have bocii this dono olsowhoro. Difficulties, friction, discontent, woro foarod and anticipated. But they novor assumed tangible form, novor proved insurmountable Thoy neod not do bo in our caso, if only thoy aro facod and doalt with gently, wisely, charitably ; if only wo are all actuatod by ono singlo desire to do what is bost for tho glory of God, and for tho good of His Church, and for tho souls of His poople Thoro is ono objection which may bo takon beforehand to tho wholo achomo, and which I must try to moot before closing this part of my addrosa. It may bo said-Ia not tho Bchomo aa a wholo too ambitious, too much suitod to circumataneos wo may novor soo ? My answor to tilia is that wo aro draughting I he linos of a cathodral not for tho prosont only, but for tho future. Nullum lempus ocourrlt Kcoleslat. It would bo abort aightod, it would bo wanting in faith, if ive wore to logislato with roforonco morely to ouraolvcs and for our own day. Too narrow, too weak a foundation would bo au injury and hind- rance to tho futuro buildors, and would limit tho power, porhaps tho possibility of expansion, Wo aro to conaidor not morely tho state and nood of tho Church now, but what thoy may como to bo through God'B Mossing sooner than wo daro hopo. Wo aro truatooa for poatority. Lot us mako tho logacy wo loavo to it, tho provision for tho cluldron who aro to como aftor us, as rich and as abundant as wo can. Thoy may I square thoir ideas and thoir practico to our stinted measures. Tho way to obviate this -danger is to hand down a full and noblo ideal, and so secure that we shall 119t rob thom of thoir inheritance, nor defraud thom of the treasures handed down to us,from tho past 'Tho names of tho gentlemen who sign tjljo reports on burial grounds and on finance, and of thoso who have beon associated with them in their enquiries and work, aro a guaran too of their effoctivo dealing with tho subject matter of thom. No words aro needed to Tonauro a careful consideration of what thoy propose ' There is need, fI will say in passing, for greater ' core 'with regard ¡to tho state and condition of_ our burying grounds., I think some- thing should bo dono to mako thom n ovory Way what they ought to bo. It needs, no great outlay of money, but a little < thought and trouble. Wo ought not to grudge theso upon such objects of reverence, and of 'our deopost feelings and affection as the «looping places of tho dead whoro they rest in hope of a joyful rosurrectinn. ' , I jpurposoly abstain from dealing with the subject of finance." It is in hands which aro 'best loft free. 'I might only hinder and'not' help thom by any cursory and inadequate and premature discussion. - I must advert moro at length to the report as to churchwardens. I confess that it has somewhat disappointed me. The romlt to tho commlttoo was to consider and report as to tho rights 'and powers of churchwardens. I was anticipating with intorcBt-tho produc- tion of some learned lore, and of helpful in- formation regarding theso important and useful officora. .Wo need such information, and tho churchwardens themselves ncod it. But the committee havo sont us a scheme for thoir abolition, or, or what is tantamount to that, for fusing thom and thoir dutios and responsibilities in a parochial vestry. Now I am altogether in ^sympathy with tho convic- tion that we ought, in some form or othor, to have a parochial council in ovory parish of the diocese And I am ready to sanction and Fromoto tho formation of them in every way can. But I confess I view with doubt and tpprehonsion the creation of a so- callod vestry, and still moro, tho assigning to that body tho duties hitherto and generally dis- charged by churchwardona. Vestries do not bear a vory high character at home. . In my experience they havo presented one of the the greatest difficulties with which bishops and clorgy havo had to deal. I am not refer- ring to such bodies as London vestries, which nono of us would wish to reproduce, even if we could do so, in this colony. You may bo suro that, so long as I am Bishop of this diocese, it will bo most effectively quarantined and guarded against tho intrusion of such a plague. But, although I loft bohind mo in my old chargo 1 tho voryj best voatry that could exist, and though it was actuated by tho highest, most'generous, and churchman-like spirit and motives, oven after this happy and far, from common experience, I' depro cato tho reproduction of such an organisation hero. What we sv ant is a moro definite and not a more divided responsibility. We want churchwardens ¡for tho parish as a unit, and not for each separate congregation only. Wo want them mado, tho administrative, and I must add, because I boliovo this is tho most osBcntlal and pressing want of all, tho financial authority,1 in all our parishes. If our parochial associations have beon a failure, it is only what I for one would havo ex- pected, and could have foi etold. For theso associations nero treated and set to work without much or'any regard of tho church- wardens, and their rights and dutios. And so you hove had a double machinery, and two authorities whoro you only needed ono. You havo complicated your taxation instead of simplifying it. You havo endangered rivalry aud antagonism, whore you needed above ovorything harmony and united action. ? And if now you introduce another indopondent organisation into each parish, and dis- trict of a parish, and merge tho churchwardons in it, I fear you will onsuro simply another failure, and^run us into very serious danger. Responsibility is folt when it is porsonal ; to divido it is fatal. I hope we shall legislate in a vi ay to moko tho law moro clear and moro practical, and to givo churchwardens a bettor defined position and greator pow or and authority. There seems to mo no noed for tho numbor required now to bo elected. Why should thoro bo more thon two in each congregation ? Can w 0 not havo churchwardons for tho parish as well as for tho congregations it may contain? This may bo a difficulty, but I leave tho matter with confidence to your wisdom and deter- mination. Many other topics oro pressing for notico. If I w oro to spook of thom all, it would necos s tate, I am afraid, the trying experience of an all-night sitting. I must confine myself to thoso which aro most prominent at the moment, and may influoiicc or call for action on your part or mino during tho next fow mouths. I hove montionod already tho supply of eleigy. Thoro aro now in all 64 holding the Bishop's hconco or having my formal permis- sion to officiate in tho diocoso. Somo of thoHe oro not engaged, as you know, in parochial duty ; and tho number of thoso doing pastoral work is insufficient to meet existing and increasing needs. Thoro are two things essential to our keeping up oven that number, still moro enlarging it, with safety and good effect In the first place tho stipends offered must be Hocurudond rogularly paid, and, as soon as it may bo in our powor, raised abovo the Îirosent minimum. The clergy and their omitios havo tho ordinary wants of human nature. Thoy require to be housed, and clotliod, and fed. It is well that, in a mea- sure, thoy should ho dopondent on the sympathy and good will and appreciation of thoir peoplo. This is but a whole, somo stimulus and, to a certain ex- tent, is, under our circumstances, ino\ ¡table. But it is not wall that thoy should bo sub- ject to arbitiary, unreasonable, and ca- pricious withholding of their emoluments, whon thoy aro trying to tho utmost of thoir pow cr to do thoir duty. It is difficult, iudood, to adjust their relations to the parishes in which tlioy minister so as to secure both of these desiderata. , I doubt it it eau bo done by positive oiiactmont, and I am beginning to havo more dependence, and to have greater faith in right feeling, and the harmony and goodwill which aroossonlial between thom and thoir flocks, if their ministry is to avail for ita great and blessed ends. Wo must, I think, face the inevitable. But to Bupply, before thoir acceptability and porsonal in- fluonco (always sui 0 to grow out of oarncst and faithful dischai go of duty) can bo folt, ond can operate on' thoir boliolf, tho vacan- cies as thsy occur, wo must havo a higher minimum of clerical stipend, and a butter guai anteo of its being regularly and punctually received. \To need not hesitate lo admit the application evon to this case of tho commercial principle, that the host wares will seek tlio best mai Ice t. Nor may I shrink from saying that, as our finauco at present stands, and tho duty of contributing to tho support of tho Church is at present esti- mated and fulfilled, there is no reasonable hopo of our securing a sulficiont staff of ministers of such qualifications as are do muudod of thom. If we wish to obtain good men, no must holdout such inducements as moy at least rival thoso presented by othor dioceses. I do not scruple to repeat to you the aphorism, which it would bo folly to ignore, If you want a good articlo you must pay for it. So long, also, as wo miist depond on England to any oxtont for onr clorgy, It would 00 well to havo a fund out of winch grants may be modo for outfit and passago. This would cnablo us to obtain somo mon who would otlierwiso bo precluded from coming so fur, and at such oxpenso as is unavoid- able. In tho noxt placo, ovon undor tho pressure of nccossity, I cannot consent to any loworing of tho standard of education and fitness. Tlioro has beon printed and laid on tho tablo a statement of my requirement« in tlio case of candidates for holy orders. It has boon pro pored, as I promised, .in consultation with my oxamining'chaplain^Archdcacoi^Davon port, whom we aro all rojoiced to seo again in his placo in Synod. With rogard to the ac- ceptance of candidates, my powor is absoluto, though my having such an assistant and ad- visor as just named, is a guaronteo that this vrill not bo unkindly or unreasonably exor cisod. But, oven in respoct to. nominations made to mo by tho councils of patronage, and in rospoct of applications for employment in the diocoso, from others, I íesorvo to _ myself the full right to require satisfactory evidonce of fltnoss on the part of any coming to mo to bo instituted or licensed to clerical duty. It is not a matter of form, or of red tape, but of conscience and duty, to bo particular in respect of tho neces- sary papors and testimonials. And in rogard to those my rule! is rigid. Thoro is too much carelessness as to migratory clergy. I hare already intimated that, evon in ' temporarily employing any of them, my pormlBsion must in all cases bo askod for and obtained. Do not suppose that any difficulty or neodloss obstado will bo created by boing thus par- ticular. It is a positive attraction to tho right-thinking and woll- disposod to find some traco of roal rulo and discipline in a diocoso. Only the unworthy aro thoroby kopt out, and I supposo none of you will wish to attract thom to Tasmania. < Tho condition and prospects of Christ's College are still a subject of anxiety, and I havo nothing moro definite to say than when I met you 12 months ago. It is not strictly within our cogo ¡sunco hore. Butthoio is ono matter connected with church odneation on which you will look forsomeinforniation. You aroawaiotliattholatoMr.Toosoylofthiaostato of Richmond Hill to tho Bishop of Tasmania for the purpnso of aiding in the foundation and maintenance of an institution, to bo con- ducted on the principios laid down for Christ's Colloge by tho late Bishop Nixon, and, if possible, in connection with it. Mr. Toosoy suggottod tho wish that Richmond Hill should bo the Bite of tho institution, and tho buildings tlioro bo used for it Tho estate oxtonds to about 170 acres, and for its si/o is vnhiablo and boautifully situated. But the will imposes onorous conditions on tho Bishop, who is forbidden " to domiso or lot any part of tho property, and, boing dis plonishod, it would require considerable out- lay before any return whatever could bo ob- tained from it Thoro aro also liabilities for tho maintenance of a ponsionor, and tho nagos and lattens of two othor«, it thoy chooso to romain and work on the placo, which must bo mot at onco. The oxocutor does not hand it over till next month. I am unwilling to shrink from anything that could n 'I ii w I 1 1 1 j u rightly Ira expected of me as a duty to tho Church, or cyan to the colony; but, as-at prcnont advised, tho burdens aro of such a nature, and the hope of any balancq of, profit for the purposes'contemplated,are bo remote, and oven than so small, that I am still hosi tating to aot personally under the terms of I tho will. This need not prevent mo stating, however, | what I concoivo to bo dosirnblo, and beliovo also to bo feasible in tho future. I am dis- j posed to advocate a bold and entire rocon atruction of our wholo educational arrange- ments if tho Supremo Court or Parliament \ will grant tho necessary power. The re- . suits ao far obtainod havo not justified tho ' ro-oponing of ¡Christ's College or, its ro--| moval'to Hobart Loeal needs aro supplied ! by tho Hutchins' School, of which tho' bishop lia.viaitor, by.tho High School, and I by other institutiona. The vory 'effort to abstain from any avoidablo rivalry with them, has beon ono causo of failure. Tho ago of admission was kept high for tliia pur- pose. But now,it seems to mo there fs a need and an opportunity. .Certain overtures aro j undor consideration which may still give a I turn and fresh impetus to the fortunes of the i college. I am anxious not to complicate ' mattera or prejudge tho iasue in any way. | But this, I think, quite evidont There is room / and noed for a good school connected with our church, in tho country, combining some technical teaching of agriculture, farm- ing, and tho like, and training'boys for ma- triculation ata Colonial, English, or Scotch University. We aro bound, too, by the terms of tho oririnalendowment, and tho scheme approved by our Supreme Court to provide for tho teaching of students intended for the Ministry. I cannot see any hope of success, oxcopt by clearing away tho prosont impedi- ment and starting afresh. Ia there any roason to doubt that Parliament would give an Enabling Act ? If wo can go to it with the claim to be empoworod to utilise not only the collogo rovonuo, but tho bequest of Mr, Toosoy, for tho.intorosta of higher education in tho colony, I have ne fear that we should find our legislators deaf to tho appeal. It may call for courago and effort to carry this out wisely and effectively. But1 the' cause is worth all wo can do for .it, and tho means ready to our Hand aro not trifling. Ifoel auro thoy would bo supplemented; if any en couragomont wera hold out to thoso who nave tho powor to holp us. Before I leavo tho subject of theological training, let me, mention that tho difficulty and onus of increasing the number of our parishes would ¡bo greatly lessoned and the need, in a measure, in some coses .altogether removed by tho omploymont of young men as curatea or even lay readers, undor the more ablo and experienced of tho clorgy. This is ono thing we nliouldj»im.at"in oucfuture ar rangements. There ia nothing fronuwhioh I Bhrtrik moro painfully and decidedly "than sending an untried youth into a largo country cure by himself, if I- wore to put my press Ing'want and desires into a shortand' concise' form Icouldnotmontion anything with dcapor coir'lction of their being eorely needed, than curatos, and young, strong, unmarried clergy to undertake mission work throughout the diocese, whorovor thoy may be sont , These last would work under tho Canon missioner when ho is obtainod and supply on» of the most.urgont of our needs in'the present con- dition of tho Church. Moanwhilo I havo to urge upon all who are listening to or| may road my wordB, that there is ono sourco of holp available which, I trust only requires to bs drawn upon to answor tho demand. It is tho assistance of tho laity ¡p. conducting sorvicea and Sunday school«, and gonoral co-operation with the clergy in their parochial duties. Wo aro prepared to welcomo them and employ them in overy way possible Thoro will be, I fcol sure, no jealousy, no hesitation, no want of encouragement and sympathy on the part of my clerical brethren. The , fields aro whitening under tho light and the warmth of the Sun of righteo.isness, and peace, and lovo. The harvest is plontuous and waiting for tho sicklo, but the labourers are fow. Aro thora nono standing idle? It cannot bo for lack of being called. I am ready to license thom and authoriso their administrations. Will no ono respond to my invitation and say Hero am 1. Send mo ? '' I proposo to offor to tho clergy ovory facility I can afford for employing, with tho holp and-assurance it, cannot but yield to faithful 'and right-minded mombors of our communion, the servicos of any willing and qualified lay porBons under my licence and authorization. I And this in one sphere of work in which hitherto it has not beon customary to iasue formal liconcca at all. I do not moan to impeach tho practice now prevailing. Only, increased acquaintanca with the Sunday schools in our various parishes, so far aa I havo had tho privilege and aatisfaction of forming it, has tended to couvinco myself, as others arocominced and assure me, that there is room for improvt mont, noed for better organisation and method, and above all for recruiting and con- solidating tile ranks of their teachers, and bringing thom into personal and definite re- lation with tho authority recognised as com- petent to givo special mission and character to tliose who desire to olfor thomsohea for work in tho Church of God. How, shall they teach in subordination and faithful obodionco, and according to tko ordor which ia a l vory token ttnd manifestation of tho Spirit, unless they bo sent? TI *»r thoro aro needed, bo consciously and oçypowcringly at times, unity, fellowship, sympathy, and the power they impart. Anti so too somo check to irregularity, to hasty taking up, and carelessly fulfilling, and aa hastily and capriciously laying down, somo safeguard also against presumption and self-confidence and wilfulncsa on tho ono hand, and on the other dlatrust and w ant of courago and of hopo, and faintheartednosa, and despondency. We want less individualism, and isolation, and independent action. We need to fool that we aro members of a living body,- and aro quickonod by a common life, and to act out our profossod bolief in tho one body and one spirit, and ono hopo of our calling, ono Lord, ono faith, one baptism, ono God nnd Father of us all. And this I think w e shall bo helped to believe moto ontiroly and to remombor more habitu- ally, and so mako a real eloment of ourselves, our lives, and our work, by tho accoptanco of a common rulo and authorisation, and being foi mally licensed and brought into relation to tho Bishop, when any feel eallod to hecomo workors undor lum. What should follow upon this-I moan holp, instruction, suporin tondonco on tho part of tho clergy-I resorvo to be spoken of, at another timo, to thom. I must not detain you much longer, but boforo closing tills address, I havo to roport to you my episcopal acts sinco wo Inst mot I havo during tile yoar ordained two doacona and three priests. I havo collated Mr. Hogg to tho parish of tho Mersey, it being in tho patronage of the Bishop ; and issued a com- mission, under which he was inducted by my friend, the Rov. C. W. Robeits, who rosidos in tho parish. I havo also insti- tuted and inducted Mr. Finnis to the tho pariah of St John's, Hobart ; Mr. Row soli as his successor to that of Olaionco, and Mr. Bryan King to Greon Ponda, all on tile nomination of tho Council of Patron- age for tho Southern Archdeaconry. I havo liconaod Mr. Hancock to tho temporary chargo of St. David's parish; Mr. Cole to tho curacy of Holy Trinity, Launceston ; Mr. Leigh Tarloton to tho curacy of All Saints', Hobart ; Mr. Babington to a curaoy in tho Huon ; Mr. Binns to a curacy in tho pariah of Morven, with aolo chargo of Perth, Breadalbane, and Franklin ; and Mr. Hain ockor Marton to duty in tho parish of New Town. I havo also hconsod Mr. Robeits ; Mr. Granthan Robinson, tho Secretary of Uio Biblo Socioty for Tasmania ; Mr. Pol- lard in temporary chargoof D'Entrecasteaux ; Mr. Eastorling In tho samo position in Wast Tamar ; Mr. Earl at Hamilton and the Ouso ; Mr. Wilson at Tasman's Peninsula ; and Mr. Tranmor at Buckland ; with permission to do duty in tho diocese I have consecrated tho }¡ariah church at Brighton, tho church which íaa boon io-biiilt at Sorell, tho church at Jerusalem, in tho parish of Richmond, and tho church at Low Head on the Tamar, in the pariah of North Dorsot I havo licensed, and opened for Divino sorvico, now churches at Springfield and Upper Ringarooma, both in 'tho Dorsot Mission; and havo laid the formdatlon-atono of a now church at Goorga's Bay, in the district of Cullenswood and parish of Fingal. I havo visited and preached in avery parish in the diocese, and havo confirmed in all 706 candi- dates, preaontod to mo at 35 confirma- tions.' I have attended tho enthronement of tho Bishop of Sydney, Primate of Australia and Tasmania, and tho dedication of the cathodral at Goulburn, in New South Wales, and also beon proaont at a conforonco of the wholo of the Bishops of our Church sorving under our Primate r I havo recoivod tho resignation of-Dean Bromby aa incumbent of St 'David's parish, and his formal demission into my hands of tho deanery of Hobart I need hardly say that I did this with regret at tho loss ox periencod by bia parishioners, and by tho dio- cese in which tho Dean had served bo faith- fully and solong. And I havo also received in- timation of Mr. Wliall'a resignation of tho wardonship of Chriat's Collogo, and proposed rotnrn to England. Mr. Whall will bo missed by the many frionds ho has mado in Tasmania, and tho clorgy ho has so generously helped in their sorvices. Ho will carry with him our strong regard and beat wislios for his happiness and welfat o. Happily, I havo no occasion aa yot to bid him faiowoll, as ho does not loavo us till noxt yoar. Dean Bromby resigned in January last tho rogig trarship of the diocese, and I hnvo appointed to that ofiico Conon Bailoy, tho Secretary of Synod. I havo deemed it oxpodiont to revivo tho ofiico of Chancellor, which had for aomo timo boon in aboynnco. My friond, Mr. Robort Patton Adams, Solicitor-Gonoral of Tasmania, and for many yoars Church Advo- cate in tho diocese, Ima beon good enough to do mo tho favour to accept tho ofiico, nnd ho now aits bosido mo in that capacity. Tho Bishop is required to nnnoint temporarily to tho ofiico of Church Advocate when it bo comos i ncant, and at my raquost tho Hon- ourable Alfred Dobson kindly allowed him- self to bo placod in it, until tho mooting of Synod, in succession to Mr. Adams. I havo issued liconces, and, whoio noodod, amonded " lottors of institution " to parishos thoy now occupy, in the caae of all tho clorgy whose papors presented to mo at the timo of the last Synod wore found defectivo, and I have also issued licences to six gentlemen , presented to mo for admission as lay-roadors In the parishes of St John's, Hobart "(two), Hamilton,' and the Ouse, , Hamiltqn-bn-Forth, Fingal, New Norfolk, and in connection with tho services at tho j hospital mud charitable' institutions of Hobart , I Mr. Galor ha«, on my rocornmondation, been permitted by the GoTcrnor-in-Councii ! to retire from activo duty, on tho usual pen- sion, and' so has closed a long and hon- oured ministry in this diocese. In his caso alone have I to speak with a tingo of regret . on tho score of health. Ho is far from well, ' and I commend him to your intercessions ¡ and prayers. . ' ! I sincerely w|sh I had a larger and bettor account to give to you of Episcopal duties i and work, at least attempted, to bo done. 'It is thoir loss alan 1 and my own continual re- gret that I havo not boon moro helpful, and of greater uso to my clergy and people. I havo at loast tried, however imperfectly, to redeem my promise that I would visit as much of tho diocese, and as far and widely as my time and strength would allow. Next year I hopo to reach some parts not as yet, or not fully, visited. More especially I hopo to undorUko the islands in tho Straits, the extremo south and western coasts, tho New Country and Lake ¡ district, and to make a second visitation through tho Northorn arch- deaconry. , ¡.' . I havo only now to crave your forgiveness for detainingyou at such length. As I draw to a conclusion the inadequacy of time and power to deal properly with so great a theme as that upon which I have been speaking, weighs on mo somewhat painfully. You will, IknOw,covorwithyour charity, and with your readiness te interpret favourably whatever one, so bound to you as I am, may say or do in the anxious endeavour to perform the duties of my office, tbo defects of my ministry and of this address. You will try to correct andnnako amonds for thom by your own faithfulness and courage and zeal, your calmness and moderation, your brotherly spirit in action and-debate; abovo all, by your prayors arid union together, with one nnothor and with ' mo, in the service of our Blessed Lord and Saviour. Consider what I say, and the Lord give you a right judgment in all things. > " , May God tho Fatlior, God tho Son, and God tho Holy Ghost, bless, preserve, and keep you, now and ovormoro, in faith and love which aro in Christ Jesus. Amen. 