LITERATURE! JOHN HERRING." Those who, two or three yeareago, rea^the strangely powerful story of Mehalah, far a new but anonymous writer, must have since expected with interest a second Btory from the same pen. Proof that thia filing has continued to the present timeia afforded by a recent reference given incidentally by Mr. Bwinburae to the unknown author of Me halah, and expressed in the style of splendid eulogy which Mr. Swinburne employB when writing of his literary favourites. At last we have a second novel from the author of ilelialah, who still preserves his anonymity. The scene of the former one was laid in the Balt marshes of Essex, that of the present one is on the edge of the great waste of Dartmoor, in the West of England. The descriptive power of theauthor and his ability of depicting the landscape of his story, and of preserving all the local characteristics of his people, are shown as conspicuously in the present stom as in the earlier one. We see also the same love of drawing strange, outrd personages, the same intensity of treatment, the same ten dency to depict strong situations, and also the same sombre colouring and tragic tone. Perhaps there was more concentration and a more telling effectiveness in the first novel On the other hand, the second has more diversity and fulness both of character and incident And both single themselves out from the crowd of tame conventional novels which issue yearly from the press by their striking originality of invention and treshness alike ot matter and of style. The first few sentences will show the way in which the author introduces hiB story: " ' Log!'' said the voice of Cobbledick the Old from a cyder cask. 11 be a logging like the blue blazes,' answered Cobbledick the younger. Then a dry and dirty hand emerged from the cask, and with a gorse bush struck at the girl-that is, at Cobbledick the younger. She evaded the blow. ' Be quiet, vaitier, or I wont log no more!' 'You wont, with a horrible curse; 'then I'll make you if I whacks and whacks till you be all over blood and prickles. «There, I will, I swear, glory ndlaluley !'" The speakers are father and daughter, two members of a family who have always been savages of the days of the neolithic type, and have continued unaffected by the civilisation that has grown up around ?them. Families of this savage order have not been unknown on the Devonshire moors within the present generation. The two Cobbledicks lived for a long time in a great cromlech on the edge of Dartmoor, but as the ghost of the man's wife and the girl's mother, who was buried in the floor of the cromlech, haunts the man's dreams, in spite of all his efforts to lay it, he has taken up his abode in a cyder cask, which, when he wishes to Bleep, he makes the girl rock. On the present occasion Bhe do® eo till she believes him to be asleep, then she droops her head on her knees, overcome with weariness. The old savage strikes her over the head and cheek with a furze brush, and Bhe savagely dashes her feet at the cask, breaks the cord by which it is attached to the granite blocks, and starts it rolling down the slope and along the high road at the foot, spilling out the old man in its course. The cask bounds on, alarms the horses of the coach which is ascending the hill, causing them to overturn the vehicle, and thus produce a catastrophe which materially altera the conditions of life for the three occupants of the coach. Of these one is Mr. Strange, a diamond merchant, doing business in Brazil, his daughter Mirelle, who chooses to designate herself by her mother's Spanish title of the Countess Garcia de Cantalejo, and Mr. John Herring, the hero of the story. Mr. Strange is killed with the overturn, and Herring's chivalrous, helpful disposition leads him to give all the time and assistance he canto Mirelle in the helpless condition in which she is left "We cannot summarise a story which is crowded with character, and plot, and incident. But we may indicate that all of its circumstances and episodes have for their result the production of a closer and closer dependence of Mirelle upon the help of Herring. She accepts hiB assistance with j reluctance, as, though she trusts and respects him, she does not love him. She has, in fact, given her heart to a worthless schemer named Trecarrel, who is, like herself, a Catholic, and whom she regards as a gentle man. But the course of her destiny makes her at last see that she cannot go on accept ing assistance, and, as Bhe considers, pecu niary support from Herring, who, she knows, loves her with disinterested devotion, unless she gives fr?" the right to help her by marry ing him. When they are married Bhe tells him that, though she honours and esteems him, she cannot love him, as her heart has been given to another. In this we have the foundation of a position of much pathetic and tragic power, ending with a Bad and per haps dreary denouement. ' But so bare a sketch as this gives little in dication of the great diversity of character with which the author has animated tiie pageB of the story. There is the bright, warm hearted Cicely Bafctishiil, who gives a more than sisterly affebtion to' Herring,, but is viewed by him, and, we are Afraid, by the author, as commonplace compared with the cold, but singular and fascinating person ality of Mirelle. There is Sampson Tram pleasure, a scoundrelly Bolidtot ot Falmouth, to whom hifl Ainsman, Strange, fas, by will, lpft the guardianship of his daughter and her, ^opi^r s^ere is the ekUfullyrtold and aatoging narrative of bow this old swindler jjold miifejjy means of "Baiting" andilftMfceenlists 'the help of ~ ' ~ "l * yby a few art _ led to discover undoubjbedlythe original gives ject Then we have Herring's investigation into the mine, his detection of the trick, and the stirring narrative of his chase after young Trampleasure to effect his arrest, together with its disastrous end. There is much that is very amusing in the courtships of that self-seeking Bcamp Trecarrel, who is ready to many either Mirelie or the daughter of Tram pleasure, according as the one or the other seems at the moment the better match, and who, when it seems that the match with the solicitor's daughter is not likely to be a pro fitable one, goes resolutely to bed for a pro longed period, so as to make the marriage im possible. We most confess to finding a diffi culty in imagining a girl of the pure and lofty instincts of Mirelie loving this low, self seeking fellow without shrinking from his coarse greed and shameless selfishness. Great art is shown by the writer in drawing together the incidents of outer circumstances and the equally potent influences of developing and changing character to give a moral depth and an intense pathos to the end of the story. John Herring, who had lost his wife when she was still living, by her avowal that she did not and could not love him, loses her again, just as her feelings were beginning to go out towards him, by her sudden death. This is, in itself, a matter of grave suspicion, and all through the book we 6ee the representatives of good at a disadvantage compared with the more potent, more crafty,more unscrupulous agents of evil. When John has lost his wife he turns aside from the love proffered him by the gentle-hearted, sisterly Cicely, and de clares that he has for a moment possessed his ideal in Mirelie and is satisfied. He has lost it, but is the better for having had it And the book ends with his remark, "And now, beginning life, all that is gone before is introductory to the real life; a rough and painful initiation into the axioms on which the problem will have to be worked out We know now where we stand, and which is the direction in which we must set our faces, to plod on our way forward, hopeless indeed, but still, conscientiously forward," We are afraid that the melan choly ending of the story will dissatisfy most novel readers. Another point to which ex ception may perhaps be taken is a certain quality of strain, and nndue emphasis, caused, perhaps, by the author's desire to make his story at once crammed full of significance and incident, and striking and impressive in every sentence. But it is certainly a novel showing great and diverse power, and it will be regarded as worthily upholding the re- j putation won by its predecessor. } 