? ? CHAHTKBTL Brigadier '; •Ronald General Mclver. Henry ^"AworthleBSTOman.merecoldcIfty, -; Asall false tilings are I but bo fair, ' :^etakesthfi}jrea.th ofmen away Whog^re upon her unaware." . i>iso»£Ko^ the great tenor, had made his ^Jor-an admiring audience, and -was rlaavethe iheatrey when^oneof the ^approached andaaid hesitatingly, ctinga rebuke, " A ladywishes to nor, whoetates. her business is sdflhewbuljnot be denied, and . SgJFPn. thore "—pointing to. the door i^^wnpieddresBlng-room. He might y^fd hia jsernpks had been overcome f J^n- astonishingiy handsome douceur, ^Bitly heaTy nribe to induce him to i^Bie luryof the hot-blooded Italian's r^-His relief was great^when Bomano .... /ered quietly : .well, the lady is expected," and =ft«ed . aaiekly into the small apartment, door carefully behind him. There, m gin the darkest corner was a muffled i, who on seeing Bomano enter, sprang SliasJilyjto her feet, and as the cumbersome ^doakJEell fromher, discovered the lovely form ••>•£&. Gidia Disney, still olad.in the white sheeny J^^jand glittering with diamonds. .stood by me door, a dark dangerons >&.,on^hie handsome face, but his bold "i ey<es nevertheless drinking in eagerly j detail of her soft loveliness, her , attire, her costly gems. With a irlaw^glad cry of wdoome Oldia glided ^towards him, and though he put up his jChand angrilv as if Jo keep her off, r^he^-CELmQ _ closer, and winding heir bare arms about his neck tried to reach s with her moist red ones. The man have been more than mortal to have her, and Silvio Bomano was but clay, May of a very ooarse type, in spite of his " .face, and figure like a Greek god's, > vthufl the Hery Italian blood conned furiously ; through his veins beneath the caresses of this ;tea^ulwoman,andas she melted into his .^jKiM ^with a happy sigh, he abandoned him- :":.''«lf ioihe delight of the moment, and pressed " ; hot'|>M«iohate kisses On her lips, her ayes, her ^-t^OuS "Gidia was'the .first to recover, and iJtenily withdrawing herself from his arms, joshed him into a low chair, and seating herknee, allowed her golden head to \- lie confidin gly en Bomano's breast. /"'Ah, nrio ben," she whispered, stroking his 'with her forefinger," if you only knew SuntT&u;* poor little Gidia has longed for thiB, nt of it, how bitterly ehe hasrepented . ig left you, and how she has suffered, never have the heart to utter one ttp&jvtora.; But what could I do, Silvio," she ^^ent Onentreatingly; the lite was so hard, it » would have killed me, and I was too voting iiehto realise how mnch I loved you,though .. I know'it now to my cost "—her lips again ^.A'mrt'his-i-f; In a hasty, foolish moment Iran fcygfrto-my jdoh English ielationB, rf whom 7<^it>ever4ven dreamt, yon poor darling,— toy aunt, JEss Daring, adopted me/' ^-V^o, 3 ' : said the Italian, toying with v^h&ej;^tkling gems on her bosom, "you have ^iflciM'.^^ell Tor yourself^ little one"—and a significant glance at her dia- ^DkWps-r^' 1 -also have been fairly successful i'l aiMt confess my years of tofl and h&ve; failed to bring me as much as you rnow display on your fair o On, Gldia I" He went on drawing ser$o him, his rare thrilling voice full f tenderaees. "Why did you forsake me S^tn'suecess was at last to fall to my lot? I ^new- it most come, and you, with your isplendid voice and lovely features, you and I -^er, what could we not have accomed? Yon have been very cruel, very j.i«Jherous, but I believe Gidia mict you have still i few grains of aSeotion for me, and I ;>l0ve you so devotedly; I cannot help forjnving yon as I look into your pretty face. sJwtllSll me,'.' he said gaily, " who has my little, poverty- stridaan Gidia been transformed IntO:?^ Of ^course, I must be introduced to 4he. fairy godmother or aunt, or whatever the > j>enefi<^ni c»eftture who haB adopted yon r nuky^ be, for, my darling, you shall not |rleMiIy;$ive jne the slip again, now you are ' ^abi moro restored to my arms." ] " Gmji.shiyered and turned .vary pale. ^^yph,*Silvlb 1" she gasped, thinking fear- " "he will kill me when he knows all; .possible you do not guess what I have 3^-who I am ? My darling, hold me idaer^ in your arms, or I dare not tell you. "•• "man who was with me this evening, tarried me from our box,' was Sir Balph ejr, and I—Oh, Silvio, Silvio 1—I married l 1 ' With a frightful oath the Italian Iptobg hfr to the ground, his eyes, gleaming ' rage, seeing a weapon wherewith to 1e"her; but Gidia, flinging herself at his find frantically throwing her arms round mea, cried— ' " Ton will not kill me, Silvio. I am not fit ' die J '—her bare bosom panting with fear djekeiitement. "Let me lire a little while if only to enjoy my new touted hap ' she entreated. iano aeized her ddicate, wrists violent! are bying tq fool me again," he hissec my wife, dare to tell me of your mar with another man, and hope to live raitress I yoi love him, or you would t ^Soj before Heaven," interrupted Gidia, ' "aBfcljr; "believeme,Silvio,! have never [ anyone but you—no other man had had Iwwer to raise a single mum feeling in my tmlmam heart; and this eoid3>lpodied the world calls my husband, who was onee my aunt's lover, his very kisses freeze on my life, Ihate him, and would strangle him as he lies beside me, , if I due." Then seeing her words were beginning to tell on Bomano che threw herself into his arms, and between her passionate kisses whispered imploriBgJjw v /on could jiot hurt yonr little wife, you Gidia, for whatever -1 am to the world I am indeed yours—yours body and eool, and your interests, your aims, shall be mine, my husband, my lova." Tnen she ventured to look up into the dark stormy fade of her lover, and its expression was wonderfully reassuring. . When the quioksubtle brain of the ltalian, after his firat burnt of : jealous rage was over, bad grasped the situation, it appeared to him not so very displeaong. The handsome tenor, the idol of the moment, had no wish to be hampered with .a wife, even sueh a pretty one as Gidia, uid yet here was a most convenient anrangement ready for him to drop into. Here was a wife whom, if he chose, he could claim openly at any moment, or keep secretly, entirely at his commands, and in his power. That Gidia was Sir Balph Disney's supd wife gave him a hold over the wealthy net's purse-strings, no small consideration to Bomano, who in spite of his princely salary, was one of the most impecunious of men. All this flashed rapidly across his brain, therefore when Gidia anxiously lifted her head from his breast, die found all resentment bad faded from the face of her husband, giving place to a tender resignation. "No, my own,'-' he said sadly, caressing her softly the while. " Mnoh as yon have injured me, you know, I could never In oold blood harm a hair of your sweet head; but remember "—and his eyes burnt into hers— " yon are mine, body and soul, as yon said just now, and we must contrive to meet often privately, or I will not be responsible for my 'Yes, of course, dearest," she uttered lightly, not daring to contradict the man in whose power die lay so completely. " Only it will be frightfully difficult to manage, you know." " But if you really love me as yon say, and not that stiff-necked Englishman whose throat I long to out, it will be easy enough. Besides, Gidia, since yon always took a delight in plotting and scheming, it comes naturally to you. Why, yon are a female Machiavelli," laughed Silvio. Ah, flatterer 1 "—Gidia thought Machiavelli was probably some character in an unknown opera—"But my darling, I would move heaven and earth to spend a moment in your arms, so do not donbt my love for you;" then, remembering suddenly Lady Claudia's words respecting her musical reunion the following Thursday, she laughed softly, "So, Silvio, you are the new tenor whom my cousin has secured to sing with me, and whose voioe I a hoped would blend well with mine." And you, then," said Silvio, also laughing, " are the lady amateur I have been cursing, having determined she was some vain aristocrat who could not sing a true note. We shall charm and^ astonish your friends, I fancy, my darling." What a mercy we did not meet unexpectedly for the first time In my own drawingroom," said Gidia, thankfully; "and, dear love, I must now hasten away, or my absence may be discovered, c and then where would 'Lady Disney's' reputation be, I wonder? No, dear, you must not come a single step with me, the risk would be too great "—Silvio had made a movement as if to acoompany her—"You know my address, it is on your card of invitation, so au revoir till Thursday, by which time I shall have devised the ways and means for our future rendezvous." O more long embrace and Gidia had left him to return stealthily to her stately home, the home of the man who trusted her implioitly with the honor of a stainless name, an ancient noble race. Silvio Bomano then left the theatre, and sat till early dawn in his showily-furnished chambers thinking how he could turn to best advantage the strange chances Fate had put into his hand. When a mere youth he had married the half English, half Italian girl, partly in a boyish fit of passion, partly because their voices harmonised, and he had a vague idea it might be worth his while to secure her. Bomano knew and cared little about his child-wife's relations. Her mother was Leonora Taletta, a broken-down opera dancer, and as he believed, the cast-ofi mistress of some wild young Englishman, who probably was Gidia's father, for the story of Leonora's marriage was regarded as a mere myth. Thus he never dreamt what a source of wealth she would eventually become to him; in fact, he had, amid the excitement of his unexpected triumph, almost forgotten her existence. 'How beautiful die has beoome," he thought, " unless it is the way she is got up, which makfls the astonishing difference. I should hardly have recognised her, if the litttefooThad not lookedw frightened, though she had good reason for fear, little serpent ! " and he clenched tMs white teeth savagely. " If I had only known, but die shall pay for it yet, Silvia Bomano is not a man to be trifled with. So those are the famous Disney diamonds I have heard so many fine ladies rave about. Why, they alone must be worth Mag's ransom," and his eyes ehone cnrionaly. When his handsome face dropped the mask of the conventional smile it usually wore, what an evil-looking man he was. Bomano was tall, with a light symmetrical figure, clear cut regular features, dark creamy son, and face which bore evidence of his nationality. His head was oovered with a profusion of black curls, a moustaohe of the same color hiding his cruel, sensual mouth, and his bright black eyeB, large and bold, were capable of expressing as mnoh tenderness as his soft, thrilling voioe. Bnt, in spite of these natural advantages, the man's character was discernible on his countenance, for his expression betrayed that he was both selfish and crafty, and his heart not only cold and calculating, but at the same time sensual and passionate—not an uncommon combination in the lowest type of Italian character. Himself fickle as the winds, he would still never hesitate to draw a knife across the defenceless throat of a woman who played him false, or plunge a stiletto into the-ftacfc of a man who stood between him and his objects. And he held Balph Disney's supposed wife in his power, a power he would not scruple to use to the uttermost. Even now his mind "was busy with plans for the future, but his thoughts seemed rivetted by the dazzling diamonds Gidia had worn; nothing else seemed real or tangible. His newly recovered wife's beauty, her lingering caresses, and long clinging losses were verypleasant to recall— bnt those diamonds! When he dosed his eyes he could almost see them again sparkling and glittering on the fair white throat (for a moment he pansed to think how soft and tender that was), and in careless profusion over the rioh silken robes. Long after daylight had stolen in through the windows, Bomano sat reasoning feebly— ~ " The jewels belong to Gidia, and she is undoubtedly mine, why should not I make use of both her and them ? " The thought seemed at first a viild one, but it rapidly gained ground, and ere long the Italian had fully determined on obtaining speedy possession of the much-cove ted diamonds, no matter at what risk; andhe vowed fiercely it should fare ill with the mnn or wohnth who might dare to stand in his pufli, CHAPTER VIL Before the season—an unusually gay onehad closed, Lady Disney astonished her hus band by pleading for a hasty retreat to Disney Manor, and Balph, though only too thankful to escape from a life in every way irksome to him, thought it his duty to remind Gidia die would-probably find the country very dull after having accustomed herself to so r much excitement. " You see, my dear, no one will leave town just now, and I doubt if you would get any one to stay with you for the next three weeks at least. I am quite sure Claudia will not be persuaded to accompany us—at any rate, not till after the next drawing room and the Princess' Garden Party," he said warningly, being too honest to take a mean advantage of what appeared to him an impulsive freak. «• Oh, I do not care the least in the world," Gidia replied, in peevish weary tones; " I am tired to death of everybody and every thing, and wish we had never come to London at all, but stayed at Disney all by ourselves," land she began to cry. Balph, still very fond of his pretty young wife, and having all an Englishman's horror of tears, took her tenderly in his arms— "My darling "—soothingly—" we will start at onee, if yon really wish it. I shall be overjoyed at having my little wife all to myself again, for our lives seem to have drifted sadly apart of late. We will see if the fresh, pure air of Disney, combined with regular hours, can bring back the roses whioh have faded from your pretty cheeks, dearest." Then, as a happy idea seemed to strike him, " and we will try and persuade your aunt and that dear old Mrs. Cnnninghame to join us there. It will be quite like old times," he added, pleasantly* Whether Gidia was equally delighted with this last arrangement her husband never heard, aB their conversation was at that moment interrupted by the entrance of callers, bnt the invitation was despatched, and duly accepted by both ladies. The following week, in spite of Lady Claudia's remonstrance, Sir Balph and Lady Disney left town; and the same paper which recorded their departure for Disney Manor announced, with deep regret, that Signor Bomano was compiled, by medical advice, to retire for a time from public life. He was about to proceed—so it stated to his native place, a small Italian village, there to seek the entire repoBe he so much needed. Lilias Daring's first impulse on receiving Lady Disney's invitation had been to refuse it, but, after consideration, she blamed herself severely for having for a moment even entertained the thought of refusing, and so she found herself the guest of Balph Disney's young wife, who greeted her aunt with gushing effusion. Indeed, Gidia seemed to have cast off all her newly-acquired dignity, and was once more the childish, Ughthearted creature with whom Balph Disney had fallen so madly in love at Culverden Priofy. "How happy they arel" Mrs. Cunninghame would exclaim as she watohed Balph's lover-like attentions and Gidia's little coquettries, as they strolled about* the lonely old grounds. And Lilias, though she had a vague sense of something wanting in the union, was glad to believe it so, and, without one regretful sigh for the happiness which might have Jbeen hers, thanked God for having answered her pure, unselfish prayers. One close sultry evening- Mrs. Cunninghame was taking her usual after dinner nap, a placid smile on-her wrinkled old face, whilst Sir Balph and Lilias sat engrossed over some plans they were mutually interested in concerning the improvement of the cottagers dwelling on their respective estates, and Gidia flitted in and out through the open ne windows, restless and expectant. The drawing-room opened on a long terrace, from whioh some ancient stone steps led to a lawn sloping gradually towards a large plantation known as the Wilderness. Suddenly from the dark fir trees came a peculiar note, which to most ears would have borne no significance, it was so like the cry of some night bird, but Gidia started guiltily, and threw an anxious glance towards her husband, who, however, was intent on some drawings, the different merits of which he was pointing out to Miss Dering. Gidia shrugged her pretty shoulders contemptuously at the sight, then as the cry was repeated rapidly several times, she passed down the stone steps, glided across the dewy lawn, dived into the shadow of the wilderness, and then qnickening her pace, ran into the arms of Silvio Bomano. My own lo7e," she whispered, after a long warm embrace. " You cannot imagine what a state of anxiety I have been in sinoe dinner, lest I should mistake your signal, or not be able to make my escape unnoticed. How frightfully gloomy it is here," and Gidia shrank closer to her husband's side as she glanced fearfully around. " But I do not mind it, now I am safe with you dearest," and the blue eyes raised to his were full of love and confidence. With arms twined about each other, and heads bent lovingly together, they strolled onward into the deepest recesses of the dark wood, where even the moon which had now risen failed to penetrate. Mrs. Cunninghame's slumbers had been unusually peaceful and undisturbed that evening, and the old lady had just re-adjusted the lace lappets of her cap and begun to look around her, when Gidia glided noiselessly into the room from the moonlit garden. So pale and haggard was Lady Disney's usually blooming face, that Mrs. Cnnninghame uttered an exolammation of surprise and dismay, which immediately attracted the attention of both Balph and Lilias. " My love," said Balph, in tones of tender remonstrance, rising quickly, and wheeling forward an easy chair, " how imprudent of you to remain out so late 1 I should have fetched you in long ago if I had only guessed where you were, for there must be a tremen- dously heavy dew falling, and you are so pale, darling," he added, looking anxiously into his wife's face. "Yes, indeed," said Mrs. Cnnninghame, " the dear child looks as if she had seen a ghost, and see, Balph, her feet are quite wet," pointing to the tiny satin dippers resting on a stool. " So they are! and Gidia darling, you are as cold as death." Balph excitedly chafed the little hands whioh hung listlessly at her dde, and looked appealing towards Miss Lilias, who was covering herself secretly with unmerited reproaohes for having monopolised Sir Balph so long, rose and went towards her niece. " Come, dear, you had better divest yourself of yOur wet garments as soon as possible. Will you kindly ring for Marie," to Balph, " or let me take you to your room, Gidia," and she tenderly drew her niece's shivering form towards her. Gidia threw her arms around her aunt's neck, and for once the tears which streamed down her cheeks were genuine, then submissively bidding them good-night, she allowed herself to be assisted to her own room,'and it was with a sigh of relief she found herself at last with no other companion than her maid. Marie, always on the alert, took a rapid survey of her mistress' disarranged toilette, as she removed the dress whose tiny frills hung limp and damp, with its delicate lace trimmings torn and discolored. " They will need my assistance once more," she thought, triumphantly, as she brushed ont the tadgled golden curls, and pured stealthily at the white drawn face reflected in the glass. " Miladi indeed appears vraimeat Maladi, | she said at last, softly. " Maladi is not wise to venture so late in the air of this perfidious climate. Man Dieu ! but it is simply atrocious to one accustomed to the delicious evenings of the Sunny South, the bright Italic," and Maria oast up her eyes sentimentally^ The Frenchwoman's voice breaking in upon her meditations reminded Gidia she had indeed need of her maid's assistance, so she answered— " YeB, my good Marie, I am ill, wretchedly so, and unless I feel ever so much better in the morning, I shall not leave my own apartments—at least not before the evening. And, oh! whilst I think of it," she went on carelessly. "Take my keys, they are in the Japanese cabinet, and bring me those horrid diamonds; I have arranged an entirely new setting for them if Sir Balph will only let me carry out my ideas." Marie took her mistress' keys, and passed into an adjoining room, from which she soon returned, bearing a safe, evidently quite as much as she could manage to carry. "Mon Dieu-, but it is heavy," she exclaimed, with a groan, as she deposited it on a table by Lady Disney's side. "You need not remain," said Gidia, nervously, playing with the bunch of keys. " I am not inclined for bed yet, and will ring when I want you again." The door had scarcely closed behind the soft-footed abigail, when Gidia, laying her head in her hands, broke into a storm of passionate tears. "How dare he ask me to risk such a thing ! " she exclaimed vehemently. " There will be such a terrible storm when, the robbery is discovered. Perhaps they may also lay bare our secret, and then what would become of me ? To fall so low after having climbed so high, would be dreadful, and I could almost hate Silvio for making me-do this thing. How cruel he can be when he chooses!" she meditated. " And yet I suppose I really do love him a little. Certainly more than anyone else in the world." Then, her sobs gradually subsiding, she unlooked the safe, and, taking the diamonds foom their numerons velvet cases, laid them in her lap, where they sparkled like the surface of a moonlit lake. " I have no affection for the horridly old iashioned things themselves," she reflected. " Balph wijl never be persuaded to 1st me do what I like with them. Then, as Silvio says, everyone will be so full of commiseration when they hear of my loss, that I shall be sure to have endless presents to console .me, nice modern jewellery, not this heavy dingy stuff"—And she looked contemptuously at the curious setting Balph valued more highly than the diamonds themselves. " This rivi&re; is rather nice though; Iremember the Prince said how well it became me, at the Mansion House Ball," and she held it up to the light, letting it glide over her pink fingers. " Yes, I must try and keep it somehow," decidedly. "After all, if Marie will only assist me, I shall not have to run any very great risk " (the little sinner was a philosopher in her way, and readily submitted to the inevitable). "It is poor Silvio who will suffer, if anyone, but then he is far too clever to be caught,"—and having comfortably shifted the danger on to the shoulders of another, her terror began visibly to diminish, giving plaoe to another feeling of annoyance as she thought— " I shall have to give Marie at least half the money Balph gave me yesterday—how exceedingly tiresome!" and she toucned the bell pettishly. In a few seconds the Frenchwoman entered, bearing on a small silver salver a cup of steaming chocolate. " How nice, and thoughtful of you, Marie," and Gidia smiled pleasantly at her maid, as she daintily sipped the fragrant beverage. " I really do not -know what I should do without ^ou. And oh, I was just thinking; I am not exactly pleased with the costume Madame Lenore sent me yesterday, so you may have it if you like." Then, interrupting Marie's profuse thanks—" I think I had better wear my diamonds on Thursday at Lady Dormer's. Sir Balph wishes it, but they must be carefully cleaned, so you had better see to them after you have dressed me to- morrow evening." Here Lady Disney's tones became studiously dow and measured, causing Marie to listen very attentively. " I shall leave my room exactly at five minutes to eight; you will then immediately take the diamonds from their cases, lay them on the table in the red boudoir (where of course, the night being a warm one, the windows will stand open), and have your brushes and things prepared to commence cleaning them.- I have a presentimont that when once down stairs—say at eight o'clock precisely—the exertion of having allowed myself to be dressed will prove too much for my strength, so be prepared to come to me immediately if you are called. Do you understand'me?" and she fixed her eyes signifioantly on her maid's expressive. features. "But, Miladi—" and the Frenchwoman (who fully entered into the spirit of her mistress's meaning, but determined to make a good bargain for herself) shrugged her shoulders deprecatingly—" would it not be an imprudence to leave euch valuable jewels even for a moment? If by some terrible misadventure they were lest, stolen, it is I, pauv Marie who would be compelled to face ruin and disgrace. Still, to serve a lady so beautiful, so amiable, I would even risk that." Best assured, Sir Balph will never blame you for neglecting the diamonds in your anxiety to fly to my assistance," replied Gidia, who saw she was understood. " I see I can depend on your fidelity,Marie," and she opened a small cabinet, from which she took a roll of notes, and offered half of them to Marie, saying graciously—" To show you how highly I value your services." Marie said not a word, but fixed her eyes avaricously on the other half, which Gidia was about to return to the cabinet. Then the eyes of mistress and maid again met, and as Lady Disney rightly read their meaning, she felt she could not do otherwise than allow the remainder of the notes to pass into the greedy hands of Marie Dupont. Sir Balph entered his wife's dressing-room the following evening and found her seated before her mirror, a loose robe de cham covering her dinner dress, and Marie's deft fingers busily employed putting the finishing touches to the wonderful erection of tiny golden curls. " Are you quite sure, darling, you fed well enough to join us at dinner," were her husband's first words. "I have missed your bright little face sadly all day; but you still look very pale, and I would not have you overtax your strength for the world." Gidia's pretty face Bmiled and dimpled as die looked up. " Oh, yes, dear; I am really ever so much better, and cannot consent to lose 'another of our dear, quiet evenings, which I absolutely revel in. I love to listen to you and wise Aunt Lilias, though I am too silly to understand all your clever plans "—then glancing towards the little Dresden clock which had just chimed the third quarter—" Can you wait just another minute, dear? Marie has nearly done with me, and I want you to take me downstairs." " Of course, dearest, I shall wait—an hour if you like." Then his eye fell upon the safe standing near, with the keys dangling from the look. " You are surely not coming out in your diamonds to-night," he said, wonderingly. (To bt continued,) 