FEWS OF THE DAY. Our cable telegrams this morning state that Admiral Coarbet is watchiug for an opportunity to destroy the remainder of the Chinese tieet, and when this lias been accomplished he will return to Formosa, with the view of occupying the island. The cholera is largely on the in crease in Naples, and fully a hundred cases are reported duily, moat of them proving fatal, ; The inhabitants are completely panic stricken, and are obstructing the .authorities and the medical inen in the discharge of their duties. | declared a dividend at the rate of 14 per cent, per annum, and have carried forward and placed to the reserve fund the sum of £24,000. A telegram from our Wellington correspon- dent conveys the intelligence of the total wreck, on Monday night, ufc Cape Jackson, on the New Zealand coast, of the ship Jjasting- haui, bonud from Liverpool to Wellington, witii passengers and a general cargo. The ship was driven ashore during a heavy gale, and the master, Captain Morrison, his wife, five passengers and eleven of tho crew were drowned. Two of the shioH officers and twelve seamen were washed ahoro alive, and, after'suiferiug great privations, reached Wel lington in safety yesterday. The Premier is in receipt of a communica tion from Idojor-Genernl Scratchley, in which reference is made to the new gnus ordered at Sir William Armstrong's for the Victorian Government. Tho letter states that the throe 10-inch ami throe S-inch new typo guns are all in hand and well advanced. They have been partly buiit up, and nearly all the parts are ready or in progress. The 0-inch new type h.p. guns are iiIpo well advanced, and will be ready in nbont four weeks' time. The twelve .'-pounder tield guns were to have been ready at the end of August for inspection. Some unexpected delay ha3 taken place iu the con struction of the six 6-inch naval guns. The delay has occurred in connection with the gun carriages, and these weapons will iu conse quence not be ready till the end of September. Six ten-barrelled rifle bore Norderifeldt guns are to be completed for inspection some time daring the present month. A special meeting of the Executive Council was held yesterday, at which pome electoral rolls required for the approaching Legislative Council elections were validated. &omc.; for mal basinets was also transacted. The secretary of tho board of examiners, which sat nt Walhnlla for the examination of candidates applying for certificates of compe tency as mining engine drivers, reports to the Mining department that seven candidates passed for lirst claps certificates, four fur se cond class, aiul three candidates were requested to supply additional information as to their experience. Only three candidates failed to pass the examination. The Chief Secretary yesterday received a deputation, consisting of representatives from the Victorian friendly societies, accompanied by Messrs. Langridga and Zox, M.L.A.'s, At a meeting of delegates held recently a resolu tion was unanimously carried, tendering the sincere thanks of the societies to Mr. Berry for the " interest he 1ms ou all occasions mani fested in the welfare of tho friendly societies of Victoria, and for the assistance now afforded in facilitating their business by the recent appointment of Mr. E. F. Owen as a certifying actuary." Mr. Berry, in reply, stated that the resolution gave him great plea sure. He had always taken a lively interest in friendly societies of all classes. He was not a member of any Bocicty, as he had seen a long time ago that he could be more useful to the societies by not accepting an active membership. He expressed his readiness at all times to co-oper ate with them in anything that would con tribute to the stability of their societies. Resolutions of similar import were then pre sented to Mr. Langridge and Mr. Zox, who briefly acknowledged the compliment. Mr. Service yesterday sent telegrams to the Premier and also several leading politicians in adjoining colonics, announcing the fact of the posting of the Federal Council Bill by the Sonth Australian Parliament. Five of tbe Australian colonies having, through their re spective legislature, adopted tho federal prin ciple, it is now competent to call the first meeting of the federal council A cablegram has alno been sent to Mr. It. Murray Smith on the same subject, and urging upon him to press the Imperial authorities to pass the Enabling Bill, which will give the necessary legal sanc tion to tho federal movement. The colonial policy of Germany and Austria has also en gaged the attention ot Mr. Service, who has communicated with the Premiers of neighbor ing Australian colonies, expressing a hope that the colonial policy of Prince Bismarck will stimulate the colonies to make oue more united effort with the Imperial authorities to arouse them to a sense of the Importance and urgency of giving eifect to the wishes of Australia in tbe matters of annexation and federation. No replies from the other colonics are yet to hand. At the invitation of the commissioners of the Melbourne Harbor Trust, his Excellency yesterday accompanied Commissioner Mou- bray, chairman of the Harbor Trust, and several of the members of the Trust down the Yarra, for the purpose of inspecting the exten sive works which are now being carried on at Fisherman's Bend and at the mouth of the river. The little steamer Commissioner was used for the occasion, and the party returned to town shortly before five o'clock. The Miuister of Public Works will visit Donald on the 15th iust., for the purpose of laying the foundation atone of the new Public Offices about to be erected there. His Excellency the Governor, accompanied hy the Minister of Defence and members of the Council of Defence, will iu.-pect the Vic- torian war ships and naval forces this after noon. The Customs steam launch will be in readiness at the Port Melbourne railway pier at two o'clock to convey any members of the Miuistry who iutend to take part in the pro ceedings. A meeting of the Central Board of Health was held yesterday, Mr. Akehurst presiding. The president's report, which was read, stated that careful inquiry would be made into a statement that a sma'l-pox patient bud dis posed of a suit of clothes before being removed to tbe sanatorium ; that intelligence bad beeu received from Dr. Ai'Kellar, stating that the epidemic in New South Wales was undoubtedly tbe true small-pox ; that, accoi ding to the state ments of the storekeeper at Sorrento, the lata medical officer burned a lot of telegrams, orders and receipts, aud among them the papers referring to cer tain article i reported to he missing, and that the local boards health for Ballorat, Sand hurst and several other of tho large provin cial towns had been advised to cultivate a local supply of bovine lymph. A letter was read from the Chief Secretary, intimating that Dr. Wni. M'Crea had been nominated a delegate to represent tbe colony of Vic toria at a congress to be held shortly on the subject of federal quarantine. The Medical Society asked to be supplied with the medical reports on the small-pox, chickeu- pox and native-pox cases, but the board was unuVU to comply with the request, «s' there-. ports were considered confidential. In reply to on inquiry from the Education department, it was intimated that the board did not consider it either necessary or advisable to close schools in which cases of typhoid fever had occurred among the pupils. It was decided to recommend the dismissal of tbe storekeeper at the quarantine station at Sorrento, and have appointed in his stead a youth able to manipulate the telegraph instru ment. Mention was made of the appoiutment of a public analyst by the local boards of the city and surrounding suburbs, and it was de cided to suggest that an inspector of milk should be appointod, to bo under the direction , of tho aualyet. A now and ingenious contrivance for re cording automatically the times of clearance ou street pillar boxes has been devised by Mr. H. Quarry, chief inspector of the Telegraph department. It consists of a lever Attached to an arm which is teethed, and works into a dial fitted with a cog wheel. The opening and closing of which ii connected with a dial pinto and in dicator, nnd shows tho uoxt.time of clearance. The dial plate is so arranged mat it can be ap plied to any number of clearances from three upward. The materials used in tho piece of mechanism are hard &teol; and German eilvi r. The workmanship U of the bert quality, aud is a credit to the instrument bianch. The Telegraph authorities anticipate a large increase of business when the 6d. telegrams are brought into force. In order to meet the increase, it is the intention of the Postmaster- General to obtain a supply of quadruplex and other important instruments for the purpose of facilitating the transmission of messages. At present there are only three quadruplex stations in the colony, viz.. at Melbrorne, Ballarat and Sandhurst. The more general adoption of those instruments will necessitate the special training of a number of operators. A sketch plan of the new circuits, with an ex planation for working the quadruplex instru ments, is being printed, and copies will be for warded to all the telegraph stations in the colony. The department has under considera tion the advisability of adopting a system of pneumatic tube, by which messages from the suburban branch offices can be forwarded to tho central office in Elizabeth Street. The object is to relieve the present wires, and to enable the department to utilise the telegraph operators in other parts of the colony. The Victorian Telegraph department has received the following information from the Adelaide office " Shanghai advises, under date 5th September: — The Chinese authorities notify that the lluo to Tientsin lias been re stored." The residents of Brunswick and Cobnrg in tend to celebrate the opening, of the Oobnrg lino on Monday iu a mauacr bMittiog the im portance of the occasion. In the morning three special trains will leave the tiouUt Bruns wick railway station, conveying a large num ber of school children to the Spencer-street station. A spe' inl carriage will be attached to one of the trains for the accommodation of his Excellency the Governor and the members of the Ministry nnd other members of Parlia ment. The special trains will then return with the children to the South Brunswick station, where the National Anthem will he sung iu honor of the Governor. The children will re main nt the station. The vice-regnl party will then proceed to Coburg, where bis Excellency will be entertained at a banquet given by the borough councils of Coburg und Brunswick. Wiuist the bauquefc is proceeding a special train will convey the school children of Coburg to the South Brunswick station. The whole of tho children who remained there will, with those from Coburg, be taken to the Itoyal Park for a picuic. At the conclusion of the Coburg buuquot Sir II. 13. Lnch and the members of 2?urliament will return to Spencer- street station at twenty-minutes to two p.m. The A.S.N, Company to-day commence run ning their steamers through to Cooktown, call ing at the various potts fit route . Up to the present time the company have despatched a steamer weekly through to Brisbane, and this has beeu found so convenient, both to shippers aud paengere, that tho new service lias been decided upon. The steamer to be employed in the trade aro those at present carrying tho Queensland mails, and include the new steamer. Fitzroy, Ulanworth, Quiraiug, Elamang and Katoomba. The Cahors and Lyeemoon, which nt present run through to Brisbane, will be despatched, as usual, on alternate V/euues- u&G;, The B.M.S. Sorata, with a largo number of passengers. in all classes, and a full cargo, in cluding 1200 bale of the new season's wool clip, took her departure at an early hour this morning for London, having waited for a sup plementary mail from Sydney, which arrived here lost night by train. The steamer Southern C1033 made another Btart yesterday from Wilson's Promontory to endeavor to pick up the Tavmauian cable, fine weather having again set in. The artesian well boring at Shepparton is being vigorously proceeded, with under the direction of Mr. «7. A. Niemann. Yesterday a depth of 405 feet was reached, being thy greatest yet obtained iu Victoria. Tiie bore is now in drift sand. The operations are being conducted at tho joint expense of the Govern ment and the local council. A monster public meeting will be held in tlieMelbourne Town Hall on Monday, the 22nd iust., under the auspices of tbe Melbourne and suburban brandies of the Australian Natives' Association, for the purpose of supporting the Government in the action they have taken on the annexation, federation and rJcidiviste questions. The chair will be taken by Mr. N. Wilson, of Ballarat, president of the n-sociation. Messrs, Deakin and Bent and Dr. lloc, M.L.A/s, and Mr. J, L. Turves have been invited to audres the meeting. Duriug the sewerage and paving operations in Elizabeth au<1 Swaustou streets, the police authorities have forbidden liceted vehicles to stop in those streets to take or discharge pas sengers anywhere in the narrowed portions of the roadway. A meeting in connection with the Port Mel bourne School of Art and Design was held last evening at the Port Melbourne town hall ; Cr. Sehunann in the chair. Tiie chairman reported that snort satisfactory progress had been made by the pnpil of the school of de- sigu during the fiiteen months since its establishment. Mr. W. M. 1C. Vale, chair man of the Technological Commission, said it wua at first doubted whether I'ort Mel bourne would be able to furniah pupils fur a school of design, but the exhibition of work to be seen on the walls of the hall wa conclu sive evidence that art talent existed in that locality. He advised the pupils to draw from models aud from nature, and to neglect that which was merely pretty. The honorary teachers and the honorary secretary were ac corded hearty votes of thanks for their ser vices. A special meeting of the Melbourne Tram ways Trust was held at tiie company's office, liauk-chambvrs, Quei?n-street, yesterday after noon, Aid. O'Grady occupying the chair. The report of the conference held between the legislative committee of the trust and the Melbourne Omnibus Company; relative to some of the amendments suggested by the trust in the Tramways Branches Bill now before Parliament, was read, aud adopted after some discussion, it stated that the couference had agreed to an alteration to the eifect that ii payment of members was sanctioned hy Parliament the total contribution by the company, both for that and for the payments provided in clause 10 of the fourth schedule of the original bill, should not exceed £1000 in all. Another alteration agreed to was that the trust should purchase tiie patents now held by the Melbourne Tramway and Omnibus Coin- pauy for £600, tbe right of using future patents to be sold to the trust if so required, at aoiici to be determined by agreement, such price to be based on the cost to the company of ac quiring the patents for this colony. A com munication on the TrumwAjs Bill was aiso re ceived from the City Council. A special mooting of the .Senate of the University was held yesterday afternoon, The warden, Mr. A. Harper, presided, and there was a good attendance of member. On the motiou of Professor Andrew an ad dress for presentation to ku Kxcollencv the Governor was adopted. A conctssion was granted to students preparing frr the certifi cate for civil engineering by whjuh a deficient subject could he pruned at an examina tion subsequent to tiie second examina tion. Tho vie-'' -chancellor was empowered to nomiuate all holidays, the birth days of the Qu-rcu and oi the Prince of Wales being tbe ouly holidays stipulated for by the regulations. The standing orders were amended in the direction of giving the member who introduced busiuss from the council to the senate the right of reply. Mr. It. Walsh proposed the repeal of the regulation per mitting candidates to pans ths honor ex amination at a later period thr.n that at which they parsed the matriculation examination, and observed that the existing arrangement was manifestly unfair to the students legitimately striving for dis tinction, and had a most prejudicial eifect on the morale of pupils. The motion was seconded ' by Dr,.£fearn, but was lost on a divlsum, 10 voting lor the motion, and 21 against it. The senate then adjourned. Tbe coiiverta-Jone given lart evening in the Town Hall by Mr. -lames MacBaiti, M.L.C., president of the Caledonian Society of Mel- : bourne, was a brilliant success, and thoroughly ! enjoyed by all present The hill was handsomely decorated with mirrors, drapery and Jla-js, and presented a very attractive appearance. For tiio interpretation of the programme of Scotch music at art evening's conn-rinzio.-!?, Mrs. Palmer, Miss Christian, Mr. Armes Beau in out and Mr. Borgin bad been secured as vocalists, Iklr. Weston as violinist", r.ud Mr. Guonett as accompanist. The vocal num bers, including concerted pifces us well as solos, were all successfully jziven, aud a duct by Mrs, Palmer and MIbs Christian, What's the steer, .Kimtner, was riHlcmandcd, tbe ladies repeating tho Lost verse. Mr. Weston's Fantasia on Scotch airs was brilliantly o>:e- | cuted, and warmly applauded. Auld Lang Syne as a quartet, with chorus in which tho audience joined, concluded a very tnjoyabie and well rendered programme. The question as to the stability of tho Vie- toria-street-bridgc was again brought undor the notice of the Eichniond city council lat evening, when a communication was received on the subject from tho Public Works depart ment. The writer intimated that on an in spection being made, it had lately been ascer tained that in carrying out the works for the completion of tho bridge about oieht rivets bad been omitted from the ironwork of the west end girders. As the omission of the rivets sensibly reduced the strength of these girder, it was suggested that steps should be taken to have them put in, and the work oxe- cuted in accordance with the drawing. It was also ree >Tnmnded that should it ewr be neces sary to 'main take the fifteen-ton voiier across the bridge, it should be taken over Judf way between the two girders. Mr. C. Kowand, the engineer who effected the alterations, also wrote and said the rivets in question wero in double shear, and the number under that con dition was reasonably proportioned to the sec tion of tho bar. It was decided to forward Mr. Bo wand's letter to the Pnblic Works department. A letter was read from some of the residents, complain ing that the luattrcsses used in tho house of a man named Morris, in Bowcna-parado, where smalt-pox had occurred, hud been lying out side the p'rtce for several weeks. Immediately on receipt of the communication a paillasse was humeri on the premise by the city inspector. It was decided to refer tho matter to the health oQicor. The largest meeting ever held iu Brunswick took place last night, the occasion being the bine ribbon demonstration in connection with the Sunday schools of the borough 'The chil dren and friends assembled to the number of over 1000, and everything passed off satisfac torily. The meeting was presided over by the llev. Mr. Sindon, and tho other ministers of the district took p irt in the rro ieedingj. The singing, under the eonouctorsliip of Mr. -f. Crook, was excellent, and showed considerable practice on the part of the children. At the close of the meeting over 100 pledges were taken, aud more thuu 200 blue ribbons dis tributed. Tlio ordinary monthly meeting of the Mel bourne Shakspeare Society was held last night, a large number of members being present. The chair was occupied by Professor Murris, the president. Several interesting papem were read, including, the following subjects : — Physique of Lady Macbeth, by Dr. Neild; Character of Lady Macbeth, by Mr. New man : the Supernatural Element in Macbeth, by Mr. Jatne Smith ; Tiie Porter Scene, by Mr. A. S, Way; The Pnsdon of Remorse in the Play, by Mr. D. B!a>r; Shakspearcan Plagiarisms, by Mr. Finnamore ; Bauquo's Ghost, by Mr. P. .1. Duggun ; and Macbeth, Lady Macbeth and Bunquo, by Mr. TUos, Bales. The papern were listened to with tho utmost attention, and several of them evoked lengtbv discussion. The next meeting of the Hoeicfey will bo held on the JJrd Oc tober. Arguments were heard in tbe Equity Court yesterday in the suit of Collard v. Hill. Mr. Toup appeared for the plaiutilf, and Mr. Webb, Q.CL, and Mr. Higrins for the defendant. 'The object of the suit was to have accounts taken in an alleged partnership between the plaintiff and the defendant in a general store keeper's business at Dimboola. The plaintiff alleged that while he was' employed in a general store nt ICilmore the defendant wrote asking him to join him iu tho business at The result was that tlio plaintiff went to Dimboola and assisted in the business. It was arranged that the plaintiff should 'draw £2 lf»s. par week, In November, I8SB, the defendant sold the storic and leased the premise, without obtaining tho plaint'n's consent, and hence the present suit. The case for the defendant was that when he wrote to the plaintiff he had no intentiou of offering to take him iuto tho partnership, aud that even if there was a partnership the ar rangements had been subsequently cancelled. After heariug the arguments his Honor decided that at the time of the sale no partnership existed between tho parties, and he accord ingly dismissed the bill without cort. Another order made by Judge Quinlan, while acting as judgn of tho Insotvonoy Court at Melbourne, was reviewed in Chambers yes terday by Mr. Justice Willi. »m<. In June last tho application of an insolvent nvuied William Tilley, for a certificate, was set down for hear ing before Judge Qninlan, and it was opposed by Henry Hoyt, a creditor. The uwrivenfc, however, did not appear, and tho jud.ro dis missed the application, with costs against Tilley. The costs were not paid, and 111 pursuance of the order, a warrant was issued for his aiTesl, 'and on Monday last lie was appre- heuded and lodged in gaol. Au application was now made the order, 011 the grounds that the judge had no power to" award co-.t against an uncertificated insolvent when he did not appear, and that the warraut by virtue of which the arr«rt wa effected was bail on its face, as it alleged that the insolvent was to be arrested for non-payment of cost instead of alleging that he hnd committed 11 contempt of court by not complying with the order. His Honor held that both the order and the warrant were bad, on the grounds stated, and the insolvent was accordingly discharged from custody. Arguments were continued yesterday before the Full Court in the ensu of thu Queou v. Tieuwith, which was a Fpccial case, stated by Mr. Justice Williams. The defendant, Win. TrenwiUi, had been convicted of a criminal libel before Mr. Justice Williams and a special jury of twelve, and sentence was deferred, pending the decision of the Full Court as to several po nt of law which were raised at the | hearing. Sir Bryan O'Loghlen appeared in I support of the conviction, and Mr. Purve3 aud Mr. Mitchell showed caue. The principal objectious 011 technical grounds were that the order of the judge who directed the trial was to the effect that the defendant should be tried iu the ordinary way by a comuiou jury, and that the court had no jurisdiction to try the ca«» be fore a jury taken from the special jurors' book, i Sir Bryan O'Loghlen having concluded bis I arguments in support of the" conviction, Mr, Mitchell replied. He contended that in such cases os this the Supreme Court only pos sessed the power of the courts of Queen's Bnch. Common Fleas and Exchequer , in England, where proceedings of this ffatore were tried ''at bur," that is, before three or mnre judges and a jury. On tho merits an objection was also raised, thatthu publication of the particular libel complained of had not been sufficiently proved. Sir Bryan O'Loghlen, in reply, referred to several old English acts, which, he contended, justified the course wlvoh had beeu taken. Arguments were not concluded when the court adjourned. j In Chamber ye&terday;, before Mr. Justice ' William, Dr. Madden moved for a rule nm to'oust Jacob Joseph from his seat as a council lor of the Lowan shire, ou the grouud that his nomination was informal. The Application was granted. His llouor also granted a writ of ecr'iortiri to bring up the papers connected . with the maintenance case of Kelly v. Tathan, recently decided at liaihirnt, with a view to quashing t'.e order. The application was u.&ie; by Dr. Madden. \ A somewhat novel application was made to ! Judge Noel, in Chambers, at the Insolvency Court yesterday. Mr, 'lopp, on bvhalr of a creditor In the estate of Thomas Fielder Fuggle, storekeeper, of Clunes and Mary borough, applied to hi Honor for an order directing that all proceedings taken in the estate by Mr. Andrew Gilmor.r, the trustee, should be stayed, pending an appeal to the ! Full Court against the confirmation of the i appointment of Mr. GHmnur as trustee. His Honor replied that under the estate he had no I authority to grant the application, which was j accordingly refused. The Hall of Science will be op?n this even ing, when a People's Concert will be given by the old favorites and several new nrtiits. j The Melbourne Comedy Club have handed ; over the sum of £12S cs. to tho J.yitigdu Ho- ' pita!,, the net proceed of their 'performance i at tbe Opera House ou Monday e?euiug last. ' A concert for the bt-nefit of Signer and ,Signora Benfereri takes place this evening in ' the Turn Vsrein Hall, Latrobe'Street, at which Sig&ora; Venosta, Signori Oov, Pala- I diui and Zehnan, Hcrren Kuude ami J'-ewwr- ' toll, Messrs. Mororiey, .Sykes, Furlong, Co;>e and Cope, jun., will appear, together with the Torn Yereiti liedert&fei; ant! orchestra, Tiie Parvenu wa performed for the list time at tho Princess's Theatre Inrt evening. Sardou'3 play, entitled Friend?, will be pro duced to-niuht. Carmen is to be performed this eveniner at tho Bijou Theatre by Miss Kmclie Melville' company for the Inst time. At the end of next week tho se&son; of opora will terminate, after twenty-five weeks of uninterrupted sue- ccs. Tho committer of the People's Concert? held uj the Temperance Hall, Kusdcll-strect, have arranged with Messrs. Byrne and Ser.grave's dramatic company for the production to-uignt, for the fir.-t time iu Melbourne, oi a new tem perance rir&uia;, entitled Shorn-, or the Demon Nobbier. Mr. George Riguold arrived in Melbourne yesterday from Adelaide, having just returned from London by thu Ligttrin. Mr. lliiruold will personally superintend the production of Romeo and Juliet at the Opera House during the .approaching inunajemeut of this theatre i by Messrs. Allison and KignoM, Mis Genevieve Ward made her final appearance as Jans Shore last evening, at the Theatre Royal. To-night she wili appear, for tho first time in Australia, as Meg Merri- lies, in the musical drama, adapted from Sir Walter Scott's well known work, entitled Guy Mannering, The character ot Danuie Din- mont will be impersonated by Mr. W. H. A ernon. Special arrangements have been mode for the rendering ot Sir Henry Bishop's mutric with appropriate effect, Mr. Albert Brennir having been engaged to appear as Henry Bertram, and Mi>s Roland Watts- Phillip as Flora, whilst the choral music will be rendered by 50 voices. The pcrloruiancc will conclude with Nance Oldflold, in which Miss Ward nnd Mr. Vernon wiil again appear. The first lecture of a series which General Sheridan proposes to deliver in Melbourne will be given on Tuesday in the Melbourne Town Hull, the subject being Abraham Liu- coln. Ou this occasion the proceeds will be devoted to the Young Men's Christian As sociation. The Consul-General of the I'nitcd States (Mr. Spencer) v.iii preside. General Sheridan comes from the United States with high credentials as au orator, and his lecture will, doubtless, be not oniy interesting but iu- structivo. In consequeuce of the lecture, the at the Young Men's Christian Associa tion will take placo on Monday, and the Medical Talk for Men on Than-. clay evening, when Dr. G. Thompson and Dr. Lo Fevro will speak on "what our habits do for our teeth." 