EJUOICE, OH -YOUNG MAEN. REV. W. TRArE, 'a venerable clergy man, who for the past half century has been a. preacher of the gospel, de livered, in the Baptist Church, Cecil street, on Sunday evening, a sermon from Ecclesiastes, XI, 9 and 10-" Re joice, O young man in thy youth, and let thy heart cheer thee in the days of thy youth, and walk in the ways of thine heart, and in the sight of thine eyes, but know thou that for all these things God will bring thee to judg. ment. Therefore remove sorrow from thy heart, and put away evil from thy flesh, for childhood and youth are vanity." There is nothing more delight ful to look upon in this world than young life-whether vegetable life or that of the upper and lower animals. Even the glorious firmament has no such charms for the reflective mind as those emanating from the spectacle referred to. Young life ! That which converts the barren waste into a fruit field or blooming garden. That life at whose dictum the fig tree and the pomegranate, and every tree and shrub puts forth its beauteous blossoms and fruits for the service of man. Young Life-which impels the lamb to skip, the colt to frisk, and the birdls and beasts of every kind to keep holiday. Young Life-such as we behold in the sparkling eye, the blooming cheek, the flowing locks; which gives the careless jaunty movement, and leads to the reckless, daring exploits of the youth of both sexes. The young life of the vegetable kingdom is no way concerned about the winter's snod' and' frost; the lamb never dreads that he may be fattening for slatighter; the colt, of the tany hard 'ractes he may have to run, or the many heavy burdens he may have to bear; the calf thinks not of the discipline of the yoke, or the piercing of his Bjdes by the cruel goad; the bii-d that his plumage may become a mark for the sportsnlar. If they think of the morrow at all, it is with the hope that it may be as bright as yesterday. And all this is right, and according to the ordinance of God. It is right for youth to rejoice, it is right for the young of every species to skip, play and dance to their heart's centent. It is time enough for the cheek to grow furrowed when one enters on the responsibilities of life. The preacher had no wish to see old heads on young shoulders-Snuch as not in accordance with God's law and God's order. We are advised not to put new wine into old bottles, and, so God gives young heads, young shoulders, elastic limbs and youthful bodies so that they might be impelled from within and not from without. In the text, Solomon is indulging in sacred irony-he is supposed to have been addressing the dissipated man, the libertine, who, notwithstanding the example set by those who pur sued similar paths, continued to waste his substance in riotous living. But the inference was as if he had said, "Young man, you know the conse quence of all this. You have seen the ruinous issue of those godless lives, the fate of those careless of eternal things, and if you are still de termined to follow evil courses, then Rejoice, O young man, in your youth. Go on to your ruin, if you think it will answer your purpose." When the season of helpless infancy has closed,' and the youth has taken first step on the platform of life, and hlie is in a positionfor ascending, or descending to irremediablo ruin, then lie is in a pos tion to take Solomon's adlvice. The first question the young man. should ask himself is-Is this course which lI am pursuing, this fund from which I draw my pleasures, and happicess, such as I need not be ashamed of as a man ? Is it such a course as God, in whom I live, move, and havet my being, approves of? Ask yourself whether it will pay. -Ask of the editors of the dlaily newspapers whether the course pursued by a vast number, perhaps the majority, of our youth, pays. Think of the number of sudden deaths brought about by inebriety. Think of the misery experienced by parents whose sons and daughters run the of evil-doers. Ask the qies .tlo of those whoporsue ise co ru ,,watat -W tley tell you. "So-and-so came home in a state of beastly intoxication and set upon his mother, smashed her face and left her prostrate on the ground." Not many days ago he read of a son who, when in such a beastly state, as saulted his pooraged father, compelling the latter to seek redress in a court of justice. Young man, does the course of inquity-does the ruin which you bring upon yourself and others, pay? Are you, in any sense, the better for it 1 In speaking to a man about Eternity it was quite common to hear a person say that he expected to go to Heaven. Some will resort to the argument, " When I was baptised I was then made a Christian." Poor samples of Christians are those yvoung men who disobey their parents and treat them cruelly; ruin their own bodies and souls; forfeit anil lose all semblance of respectability; blaspheme the Father, Son and Holy Ghost. Suppose it possible that one of these entered Heaven-what would he do there? A libertine, a drunkard, who turns up his nose every time he passes the house of God, who cannot bear to hear the name of Jesuans uttered with any degree of respect or reverence-lie hopes to get to Heaven. Would he be happy there? Could he expect to hold fellowship with those whose opinions and estimates of Christ and holi ness are so different to his own. Another question-Is it consistent on your part, as an intelligent, rational being, that you should be morally and spiritually full of wounds, bruises, and putrifying sores? Does it afford you any satisfaction to know that what you sow in time you will reap in Eternity ? It is as trute as gospel, as true as in the days of the Apostle Paul-" Whatsoever a man soweth that also shall he reap." Did you ever notice in reading the Acts of the Apostles that Paul (before he was called Paul) was one of the mur derers of the holy man Stephen, and, afterwards, went about persecuting the church and leading men to prison and bondage-the most bitter enemy of the Christians. What was his er perience ? Was he not imprisoned I Did not the Jews seek to destroy him1 Was he not beaten with many stripes ? Was he not in perils by sea and by land ? Was he not compelled to suffer and endure what has fallen to the lot of no other man but himself ? What were these ibut the seeds he had sown during his unregenerate career as he had done to others, God caused to be done to him. Let young men follow the example of the great Apostle of the Gentiles. Subsequently to his conversation Paul says, "When I was a child I thought as a child, spake as a child, and acted as a child; when I: became a man I thought, spalke and acted as a man." Such a change takes: place in every person converted by the: Spirit of God. They spring out of imbecile infancy, grow up and arrive at the fall stature of Godliness. Let young men follow the example of the Apostle Paul, who could have testified that from the day of his conversion to that of his martjrdom he rose higher and higher morally and spiritcally, till at last he could declare that he had fought the good fight, and that there was laid up for him a crown of righteous ness-and not for him only, but for all: them that love Christ and wait for his appearance. Taking the great and holy apostle as their exemplar, he might say, Rejoice, O young men, in your youth. Rejoiceat the reformation and regeneration whch must take place at the bi-genesis or second begin ning. There were at the present day many institutions, some of them unconnected with the gospel, many of which aim simply at the reformation of society, forgetfull of the fact that re formation is not regeneration. Con sider this question-Arm I born again 1 Am I the subject of this hi-genesis? HIow am I to know that this is the case 1 Those that believe in the Lord Jesus Christ have not to wtit till they get to Heaven to fnd it out. " He that believeth on me hat/h everlastiung life"-tliat life concerhing shich it was said " Who shall selarate us from the love of Christ '1 Christ's love and power is imparted to you the moment you believe on Himu. It tuakes you heir and joint heir with Christ fi the Kingdom of Glory. He had becm tolfd many a time that a person could not be zertain whether he was saved or miot, but blessed be God, he could sav that he was saved; sad that belief had made him happy for the last hlalt century. You miust not gxpect that one of the stars will fall from icaven, that the stns il he darkened, or the moon turn to blood. There are a kind of people who would lead you to expeat that you would be filled with a kind of divine ecstacy. But sensitive people soon lose their imupressions. Many a saint walked through this life without being looked. upon as a good man by his fellow mortals, yet he was welcomed in Heaven as a good and faithful servant. If you have faith in Christ then rejoice in your youth, in your new Christ, in your nmew fellowship, in your new prospects. If any of us knew for certain that to-morrow morning we would come into possession of a large fortune how we would runabout \ our neighbours what had happe4, And so when a man becomes a member, of the Heaveuly family he has a right to reioice. Rejoice young man and woman in your yonth, let your eyes feast on the prospect before you brighter than the sun and more endur able than the day-until your vision becomes strengthened until you can look God in the face, and be trans formed into His image. The Gospel shows the way to salvation. For your conduct as recipient of grace, or in your rejection of the message, you will be brought to judgment. Jesus is coming by and bye to call his ransomed people home. Are you ready to meet Him, to give an account of your stewardship 