• A Kee«iQg of the committee of the Elmore Recreation Reserve was held on Tuesday evening at Scoti'e Hotel, when some useful, important, and neceseary matters were brought before them and decided upon. The chairman (Mr. S. H. Fan-all) presided. After the codalion of the routine baunwi, the utilisation of the gravel ( f which a g iod drift exist 8 in the reserve) was discussed, and it was decided u> take immediate action in opening a pit, putting up the neces*aiy fencing, &c.; Arrangements were aI«o made for the consummation/* devoutly to be wiahed," of planting tree* in the reserve. A sub-committee, consisting of the treasurer, chairman. And secretary, was appointed to prepare a statement ol accounts from commencement, with a view to chow the neglect on the pprt of the Government of the acknowledged claims ot the township to grants in aid of the reserve. Altogether, there was an evident rattling of the dry bones amongst the conservators of our reserves, yet we trust it will not be t«ken amiss if we tender them a word or two of advice—Procrastination is not the soul of business, whatever Artemus Ward may say; and If 'twere done, 'twere well that 'twere done quickly,*' says Shakspeare. A meeting of the committee appointed to tak$ all preliminary steps towards the formation of a circulating library in"Elmore was held on Thursday evening Iftft, when the following resolutions were carried: —That Messrs. filee, Heeps, and Begg be appointed to canvass the township for subscriptions; that the secretary should endeavor to obtain a loan of £30 from the trustees of the Athenaeum Hall; that payment of half-year's subscription entitle members to vote; that the names of the Rev. William Cocks and the Rev. R. & Alfbrd be added to those already on tbe committee ; and that Mom Begg, Brcmner, Heeps, and be submitted to ^n g. sufficient number are enrolled- to bald a On Saturday afternoon ing last Dovrneafc ™ and Amusing En Was given in the Elmore _ Tbe attendance in the was limited, but the tertainment drew a v< ' andiwars, ence. Toe programme with pictures (through — of the magic lantern) of the Franco-Prussian, and" 1 " 4 scenes In the Struf and incidents in the &e;!ijpfcareer, Dick Whittington, rerolvix lights, this part of the enter ament being tawgkly apprecii d and enjoyed. A spelling bee w oteof the fieitiuei o* the evening, ^tetnre being awarded to the successful com-' peiitor. Punch and Judy concluded the evening's amusement, the aaanipulation of the figures and the modulation of voice requisite to give due effect to the lively actions of the puppets ww excellently well carried out. The entertainment, taken altogether, is one which cannot fail to give satisfaction and genuine amusement, especially to the young folks. We notice that Mr. Downes has added a number of new figures to the original dramatis persona of Punch and Judy as played in die old country, such as the Milesian lady, the aboriginal, the ghost, the columbine, the hone, the alligator, &c.;, and they are worked into the melodrama with considerable ability. lite principal football matches played at Melbourne on Sstuiday resulted as follows:—Enacndon 4 goals 8 behinds v. Geelong 4 goals 16 behinds ; Carlton 8 goals 10 behinds v. Hotham 2 goal* 7 behinds; East Melbourne 5 goals 5 behind* v. Melbourne 4 goals 12 behinds; South Melbourne 5 goals 10 behinds v. Williamstown 2 goals 4 behinds. We observe that Mr. John Tootell agaiu offers himself for re-election at the expiration of his term of office as a councillor of the Shire of Handy in August next. The mice plague is alarmingly increasing the Horsham district, latere to« dc4SJroy t^em ^ provinir almost fruitless. Arsenic has in some cases been tried, hut the use of this poison has so far been somewhat dangerous. The pests, on partaking of the poisoned baits, immediately run for water, and many of the tanks are filled with the vermin, they have even been found in the spouting leading into tanks. Wild dog« are also Musing serions havoc amongst the sheep around Mount Arapiles, and some of the sheep farmers are talking of abandoning that pereuit. One farmer has lost most of his lambs through the wild dogs and the scarcity of grass. Every precaution has been taken by most of the station holders to yard their flocks at night, but still die depredations continue. Ia Parliament, the business of tbe session bss not yet been fairly commenced, the House tip to Wednesday being engaged on the discussion of the address in reply, which was then put ami adopted. The Bendig* Jockey Club Winter Meeting took place on Wednesday. The weather being inclement, the attendance vn meagre. Sir W. J Clarke and the c hi nip ion oarsman, Edward Hanlan were present. We bayc received from the JLeader office a copy of " 'l he Australian in America** (pp. 176, price Is j, by Mr. J. L. D.»w. It.P. It is well printed, and the index shows it to be a ICUK interestand instructive compilation. me We intend to give an outliue of the Work in our next issue. Hie execution ot the Frenchman, Joseph Cordini, for the murder of the hawker, George Mis >n, near Pretty Pine, took place on Tuesday, the 13th inst., at nine o*clock, in the Deniliqnin gaoL About twenty persons were present, including the press and medical men. Mr. Barry Sullivan, tbe wellknown actor, is making arrangements for a professional tour in die Australian colonies. The Earl of Derbv, the Secretary of State for the colonies, has appointed au officer to specially attend upon Sing Tawhio and his suite during their stay in England. The presentation to Lord Derby of the memorial containing the Maori claims is at present in abeyance until tbe Maoris can consult the Right Rev. Dr. Hadfield, Bishop of Wellington, who has just at rived in England by the Tongariro. News has come to hand of a dastardly outrage having been committed in Apiil last upon the person *»f a little girl, named Margeret Lamborn, 9 years old, daughter of a farmer at Yielema. near -Kathalia. Hie girl was returning from school to her parents* residence, when she was accosted by a man, who afterwards committed a criminal assault ^ u;. _ t* beat her if she told, the girl did not say anything about the matter until her iKmditioa was noticed, and ttpon being examined by a doctor ahe was found to be suffering from a loathsome disease. Sub-inspector Mackay visited Nathalta to amice inquiries, and formed an impression that the child koew her asasllint She subsequently confessed to her father that the offender was John Miller, aGermaxi far*a servant of her father. Miller was arrested by Constable William, of Kathafia, and is now nndcr charge of criminal assault. Oa Monday morning a miner named diaries Shaw, aged 20 years, met with an untimely deagfe by a powder explosion at the Stoat of Denmark Co.'» mm at California j The newly-constructed line from Castlemaine to Maldon was formally opened for traffic on Monday by the hon. Mr Sargood. Minister ol Defence and Water Supply. On Monday night three larrikins set upon a yonng man, a new chum, at Booleroo, South Australia, pretending they wore bushrangers, and threatened to shoot him. The young man was ptralyst-d through fright, and it is thought he msy never recover the use of his arm. A man named William Thompson, in the emyloy of Mr. H. M'Devitt, produce merchant, Sandhurst, committed suicide on Monday morning by taking strychnine. No reason can be assigned for the commission ol the rash act. At the Central Criminal Court on Monday, Thomas William Browning was charged with the murder of his wife. 'Die prisoner pleaded not guilty. The jury, after half-anhour*s deliberation, returned a verdict of manslaughter. The prisoner was remanded for sentence. We understand that Mrs Hampson, the well-kn-^wn lady evangelist, will visit Sandhurst some time next month, and conduct a mission in that city. At the Geelong police court; on Saturday, Constable Harjiie proceeded against John S. Wtfod, licensee of the Sir Charles Hotham j Hotel, for h*ving used obweene language in the bar of his hotel on the 5ch inst. The offence was proved, and Wood was fined £10. The police magistrate also gave instructions to take the necessary steps under the 100th scction of the act to have the licence forfeited. Father Hanly, the last spiritual coufessor of Cjrdini, who was hanged at Deniliqnin on Friday last, expresses his firm belief in Cordiui's innocence. l'l:i« view in said to be held by m»ny others, who think it is a case of mistaken identity. Capta : n Phillips, of the Salvation Army, not having paid a 5s. bne inflicted by the St. Hilda Bench a little time back, was attested this morning and lodged in Melbourne gaol. The St Kilda court n it being able to find any property belonging to Mr. Phillips cm which to l« vy. apparently resolved to "take it out*' of the captain by putting him in goal for a day. Of course ti>e captain refuses to pty the fines »n principle, the justice of which will be determined in th* appeal ca>e. to be heard before the Supreme Court next Friday (to-dav.) tfjVerilulesa he will suffer considerable hardship by being imprisoned to-day, l»ecau«e he was to have addressed a grand f re well tea met* ting at Prahran th*s evening, previous to his going to Lake a command at Bailsrat.—Herald, Juue 16. Ir« the course of au interview with the Minister of Water Supply (Mr. Sargood) on Monday on an application, to form a water trust, we learn from the Independent that Mr. M'Coll explained that he and Dods wished to do on behalf of the famishing inhabitants of the northern plains. Just to give an ipipetus to the grand and only canal—(de Gai is not counted)—-they desired to form a Water Trust. Would the Government let them ? Of course it would. Mr. M'Coll then unfolded the scheme. They proposed to form a canal to Lake Hind marsh—a distance of about 100 nriles. This would incur an expense of about £1,400,000—an amount quite trifling compared with the boon the work would prove. Mr. M*Coll mentioned no aum, however, but the amounts given were those figured out on the documents with which he and Dods had armed themelves. The other work included barrage of the Goulbura, Lake Cooper and Waranga re*ervoir, Campaspe flume and contingencies, all of which, although Mr. M'Coll didu*t say so, could be carried out for a trifle something like £3,600,000. Mr. Dods said they intended to spend £12,000.000 on 800 miles of canal, but they did not, intend to construct it all at once. " Oh" said Mr M'Coll," it wiH take 100 yeats." jH]^, Minister informed the *pplidooe the company would inquire to be properly constituted, and they could make the usual application. Modem JSecUty ia fsav* JE^les ia the Australasian.I very p'laia spok about the hungrineas of the R**yal Family in money matters. Judging from its assertions, the Duke of Edinburgh is still very much like the Dake of Edinburgh we knew of old in Australia. It appears th^t from the public purse it paid the asms expended on special steamers conveying members of the Royal Family and their friends to and from the continent. The paper states that the Duke of Edinburgh and his wife draw »bout £30,000 a year from the public coffers. Oaring to the immense itemae left to the Deeheas by her to frtber, Alexander IL, thay are aaaong the richest couples ia Europe, and yet they seed in a bill of £200 for special steamers. This irreverent journal ventures to comment upon the extravagance of apecding £548 in placing a garter round tbe leg of the Prince of Wales's eldest son. The Duke of Manchester arrived at Adelaide by tbe Mesaageries M«ritim**s s s. Sydney on the llih inst. He went ashore at the invitation of the Governor. The object of his visit has not transpired, tout he stated to a re|»orter of tbe South Australian Register that it was true that a syndicate bad been formed in London to take over and work the extensive pastoral property of Messrs Fisher and Lyons ia dm Northern Territory He expressed an ojuuion that the Northern Territory is one of the most hopeful parts of Australia. At tbe Melbourne Diatrict Court on Monday, Mrs. Lang sued her husband for maintenance. The defence was that she had been guilty of adultery with Dr. Cnwsen of Echuca. Mrs. West wood stated that Mrs Lang lodged with her for a time, and one night bad remained away from her home. She (Mia. Westwood) expostulated with her, and insisted on her being taken to tbe home where she had stopped all night. Mrs Lang then atated that Dr.. Croasen, with whom she had turn staying, had given her a pound, and further that he intended to settle something on her permanently when he married a rich lady. A gendeman had taken Mm Lang away from her house in a cab. She believed the gentleman to be Dr. Croasen. The defendant admitted having received money from Dr. Crossen, and also that he had found notes from that gentleman to his wife, under the door-mat. The bench made an order for 12s 6d per week, without making any remarks. —Bendsgo Evening Neve. 