2 THE RIVER," - I .': '. BYA-CIÍlBA_t> FORCES. For all Londondero, whether of high or low degree, there is but one river. " Are not the rivers of Taylor Clyde, of Shannon or Boyne, better than all the waters of THIS I" may be the challenge of Scot or Irishman when in his " ain countries," and listening with impatience to praises of the beauties of the Thames? And it may be that his challenge is as true intrinsically M it is patriotic in spirit, but it remains nevertheless that his rivers are the rivers of a district, while the Thames is the river of a country. Ilia streams are provincial, the Thames is imperial. It is an accident that the Aberdeenshire Dee within the granite foundation Of a Royal residence ; it is but yesterday that the Royal standard first floated from the keep of Balmoral. But the Thames flows with a full tide of historical and legal associations Oxford had its place among the Universities of Europe centuries before the rushes were cut down for the foundation of that Mariechal Collins through whose lands Deo whirls to the salt water of Aberdeen Bay. No English monarch (since the Conqueror but has lived in that Royal pile, whose towers cast their shadows over the Thames as the noble river throws its wide loop round "Windsor Park. On its bosom a little lower down is borne the little island that was the birthplace of that national liberty which has made the British Empire what it is. In a sense it is the metropolis that belongs to the Thames rather than the Thames to the metropolis. Be issues the Thames flowed in the great valley it seemed that abbey, tower, and place of'WiltenBgamote are where they are. And from the mouth of the national river have gone forth the fleets of England to confront and vanquish the enemies of England, No longer is the Thames where it flows through London the chief highway of the metropolis. The hansom cabman has been too strong for the waterman, and the brougham has killed the private barge with the livened oarsmen and the carved cabin in the stern. But if paved street. and frequent wheels have left the river of the life and bustle it was wont to bear on its broad bosom within the confines of the capital, the facilities for land traffic have conferred on it a vogue and life further adele, but not less picturesque and infinitely more idyllic More and more every year Is the Thames Valley becoming one great pleasure) haunt, stretching from Putney to Orioklade, a distance of close on 150 miles M the river winds. The wealthy have the ambition to own neatB whose paris the river skirts. People who do not aspire to seats and parks content themselves with pretty riverside cottages and villas, set among trees, but with their green lawns sloping down to the still reach or the foaming "lashes," roaring and struggling under the trailing WIIIOWB, YOU may have a mansion in Belgrave-square for the season at a lower rent than you will have to pay for a moderate-sized house prettily situated on the river in the vicinity of a specially favoured and favourite locality. The Thames-side Tidar doubles his income by letting his parsonage, furnished, for the months of July and August, he having the river pleasure all the rest of the year, and spending the two months that are the height of the river-season 1 at a quiet seaside watering place, or in a pleasant con- tinental tour. It is the fashion to let riverside houses by the Week, and the weekly rentals range from eight or ten guineas for a little cottage with four or five bedrooms, up to 50 guineas for a mansion standing in its own park. Of course, numbers have their own places, either purchased or held on lease for a term ; but since those have to be maintained and paid for all the year round, while they are inhabited for seldom longer than four months, the economy of owning them it more apparent than real. All the riverside towns and villages are crammed with river lovers, all the way from Hampton Court to Streatley. Every Beckhouse has its lodgers. The idea that stud the banks at frequent intervals, pretty leafy hoeuiries whose walls are covered with creepers, whose parlours are decorated with stuffed fish in glass cases, whose bedrooms have the scented lavender, because of the sprays of that plant , which the landlady strews in the prices and drawers among her showing, have their repute customers from year to year, and make V favour of accommodating the casual wayfarer. But the casual way farmer is often a very independent person, and snaps his fingers at the landlords of riverside inn He is complete unto himself, or more often a party of two or four are complete unto themselves. On a sheltered slip of tea, or under a clump of trees by a lock you will notice the white sides of the Centres door is of the campers, and the blue smoke that rises from their life. They carry on their boat a tent and camp utensils, with a stock of provisions apportioned to the length of the tour. The nearest village or farmhouse will afford them a meal of vegetables wherewith to make a stew. Then they boil the billy, and as they lie on the sward in the gloaming, the scent of tobacco is wafted from the group, along With the murmur of Vpioeo and the low contented laughter. When it rains, and it seems to rain oftener When > party is out camping than at any other time, a good deal of dampness is the result, with a not infrequent sequel of rheumatism. Some of these camping parties keep out for a fortnight, never remain- ing more than a single night in the same place, but pending the day in rowing easily and fitfully either Upstream or downstream to another favoured pitch. A great many of them endure only from Saturday until Monday, the parties composed of young fellows from the city, who spend every summer Sunday from June to October on the river and its banks. Again, I have known a camp last for six weeks on end, the members 'of it going up to business in town every week. day, and employing a boy to guard the camp property during their absence. Your true camper is like the American backwoodsmen or the Australian bushman, he scorns the thought of a body under a firm roof. There may be an inn within a hundred yards of him, but he will never sleep nor eat therein. I am bound to say that he does not wholly ignore the inn in the matter of 1-b.ondy-gali-the great river drink, except among the swells, whose tap is claret cup. Every Saturday during the London season there is a rush of fashionable people to Maidenhead, Cookbam, Medmenham, of Henley, for the Sunday on the river. Another large contingent take a Sunday midday train by the Great Western Railway, for the sake of the afternoon on the river. The officers of the Guards have a club-house at Maidenhead, 25 miles from town, JMt below a long stretch of the most beautiful and most sequestered piece of " river in the long course of the Thames, Three miles above Maidenhead is the sweet village of Cookham, a spot to whose vicinity Any never, penetrates, and whereabouts hanging woods, pretty houses embowered in foliage, flowers studded lawns stretching down to the water, willows trailing their drooping branches in still pools, or on the turbulent surface of the foaming "lashes," make up a scene of rare. beauty unequalled in all England. Painters never tire of that lovely reach of water, whose brink is kissed by the woods that rise in sweep after weep of greenery to " " Clovedeu'i proud alcove, The abode of wanton Shrewsbury and love" Another favourite piece of the river with people who during the season can spare only the Sunday from ball and rout, garden party and " The Row is the stretch from Eton up to Surrey Hall, alias Skindke'," the riverside hostelry, which is the goal of the Eton boys' annual procession of boats on the 4th of June. The J scenery about Bovenoy Look, which is between Windsor and Surrey Hall, is in itself very pretty, but the great attraction of this piece of water is the ever-changing views from it of Windsor Castle. The view of the great pile from the Brocas, just above Windsor, Bridge, is perhaps the finest of all. The best time is when the red light of sunset in glinting on the face of the car the 9 then the warm lights contrasting so finely with the cold grey shadows make ' îî[**y,PatÎ! stand out with boldness and reality and the noble Round Tower, raising its head far above the surrounding buildings, gives a breadth and elevation to the whole, pbowdliug on the river, looking up at cattle fronts, and an occasional spell with the oars have a tendency to inspire a Uno keen appetite. On a sunshiny Sunday afternoon in the height of the season Jon have Very little chance to assuage that appetite at a 'Skindles' " tables, whether in the cool dining-room or on one of the leafy sleeves that are dotted about the precincts of the lawn, unless you have had the fore- thought to telegraph for a table. And if you have done this and have eaten and are filled, you will ! "?"".. as you pay the bill, that if' Skindlos" knows more or ».«-ve - good dinner, he is not ignorant of the science of making out a bill. But, in truth, " the river" costs in every item, just OF everything done that is fashionable. The quiet little riverside inna where fifteen years ago you had homely fare at moderate charges, are now exchanging the juicy leg of mutton for dubious made dishes with bastard French names and some of them are even breaking out into the atrocity of a table d'hote. I have dined well 15 years ago for a shilling, where I can now cat, not wholly satisfactorily, for 3s. 6d., and 6d. for attendance. In the old days, a charge for attendance was undreamt of on the river. A good many people spend the summer and autumn months actually on the river. I do not mean on its banks, but on its bosom. Life in a "house-boat" has its charms, but I have never personally persevered in it for longer than a fortnight. My friend, Keely Halo ville, the painter, certainly does spend the winter on ferro firms, but in the summer time, except when he made a rush up to the Arts Club for a gossip with his comrades, it is now years since I have seen him any where else than on the river in his house-boat. A house-boat of a good kind is a very comfortable resi- dence. It has in shape a marked resemblance to the Noah's Ark of the box of toys. Some house boats I have seen with both drawing-room and dining-room, but this is effeminate luxury. Usually in the stern there is the sitting-room, amidships a little kitchen, and forward a couple of bedrooms. Of course there are houseboats and house-boats. Some of the great saloon barges, varnished and gill, and furnished with profuSe magnificence, refrigerators, pianos, ka., with kitchen in a separate boat, and a host of attendant servants, appear sadly out of place on the river, and make one suspect that the proprietors are gentlemen with a fondness for yachting, but deterred from the marine indulgence of their hobby by a dread of sea-sickness These craft, however, are chiefly to be seen about Henley or Marlow regatta time, when they are devoted to purposes of entertaining by their hospitable owners, much after the fashion of the roof of a drag on a racecourse. The Claret Cup is very much in evidence, glimpses of salad are seen through the saloon windows, there is a steady fusillade of champagne corks, toward the afternoon faces get perceptibly flushed, and as the shades of evening fall it is an even chance that a great splash is heard as one of the servants, overcome by the heat of the day and other causes, loses his balance and toppled into the stream, to be fished out by a waterman at the reasonable figure of half-a-sovereign. in a moderate sized house-boat an artist or any one really fond of the river ought to be pretty happy, especially if he is not above doing a lot of things for himself, as it is precisely the fresh novelty of such work which gives the whole charm to this mode of life. Anyhow the house-boat is inoffensive ; when its occupants tire of one pit top, they get their residence towed somewhere else; and it is a pretty object enough, tied up in a sequestered place among the trees, with its little windows and curtains, its bird-cage and pots of flowers, and the blue smoke curling up from the kitchen chimney. I know most of the river well, once I almost lived near Goring, just opposite Streatley. Goring itself is but a quaint and somewhat prosaic village, but its vicinity is very lovely, and Streatley is a gem. Behind the sloping lawns of " The Grotto " rises the grand landmark Streatley Hill, with the little juniper suite on the grassy down, studded with straggling sheep. Stroatley is a great resort of painters, nor can one wonder. The river, the two mills with their foaming races among the willows, the quaint bridge, the pictureSque hill, the eyes, and the smooth backwaters, all lead themselves to the painter's skill, the whole locality abounding in rich material for his art. Perhaps there is a little too much of the painter person about Streatley. Everywhere the eye is met by numbers of Sketching tents and white umbrellas, perched in every coign of vantage around the place. In the sketching season the little coffee-room at the Swan has vessels and artists' traps in every corner, and the village swarms with geniuses and their aesthetically dressed wives, A lover of scenery vexed in his soul by the prevalence of paintings displaying a want of originality in the choice of subjects by artists, wrote a remonstrance ditty, of which the chorus ran : " Every soul ir>6i'ck of Knowle, At ManY and one Krummes j Of Streatlo Mill we've had our fill, And murmur at the Mumbles." But I never had my fill of Streatley, spite of the tents, umbrellas, and cases. The lovely place is as yet quite unspoiled by modern improvements ; a lunch at the Swan is still a thing to be remembered. The pigeons that feed from your hand, the roses and mignonette in the garden, the old flagstaff, the arbour, the faint smell of pitch and far from the boat-building yard, have still their charms ; the fine hill booking up with majestic shelter the picturesque little street, with its variously roofed cottages, amongst which stands the large, square, red-brick house where the great lady of the village lives in stately and sequestered respectability. Above Streatley the river is somewhat prosaic until Wallingford ; its chief beauty lies down stream. On the left bank the lovely beech trees of Hartwood come down the slope right to the water's edge, and confront the undulating grounds of Basildon. The oaks of Combo look across the water to the chalk crag on the Berkshire side; and then our boat whirls round the leafy bend, and we are alongside the Swan at Pangbourne, famed for its shandygaff. The little "Pang" comes stealing through the quaint, straggling village among the flower gardens, and joins the Thames through an arch of willow trees just where the deep, sullen pool below the broken water of the weir has blended into a long silver shallow. A short distance below Pangbourne is the beautiful reach of Maple Durham. The view of the hoary old mill, with the church peeping over its roof, both embosomed in foliage, forms a Bweotly tranquil scene, and seeds nothing to add to its beauty and harmony. Then the look is passed, and the river from Maple Durham to the " Roebuck " is of perfect beauty, Overhang with wide-spreading trees, its banks bright with flowers of every sort, the water clear, with dark streaming weeds curling and swirling beneath, the poetry of the whole enhanced by occasional glimpses of the romantic old house of Maple Durham ; these beauties, together with the noise of the rocks and the cooing of the wood pigeons, render this a spot dear to all river lovers' memories. Of Maple Durham reach I have one memory not so full of pleasantness. I was once shipwrecked there-literally shipwrecked. It was in a steam-launch returning to During from Henley regatta. A anng started a place in the launch, and wrenched on the screw. We were unmanageable, and, further, we were fast filling. Most of the party had left at Reading, to go to town by rail. I was the only male, except the engineer. There were two ladies ; both somewhat ponderous, both very helpless-it was in the days of desperate " tying back and both wildly soared. I had a very sensational 10 minutes, until we drifted into comparatively shallow water, and there, serenely went down. It was not that the ladies had to wade ashore ; but how to get them out of the launch into the water, tied back as they were The more massive of the two solved the problem by jump- ing on to me, as I stood reaching her a hand. Of course I succumbed to the avalanche and the avalanche herself followed me. There was not three feet of water, but I really thought both of us would be drowned, so helpless and BO desperate in her terror was the lady, I was close on loss of consciousness, when something went in connection with her raiment. Freed from her trammels, she struggled to her feet, and let me rise, I never had greatly admired the fashion of " tying back," but I loathed it utterly, and with a shudder, ever after this experience, I am writing this letter at Marlow, a good many miles further down river than Stroatley and Maple Durham. Marlow in a quiet, old world place. It is rather inaccessible, being the terminus of a branch line, and is not therefore greatly affected by the fashionable people. But its beauty to me is exquisite. As I sit at an upper window of " Thames Lawns' on my left is the look, with its ragged, moss-grown piles and gates, and the old-fashioned mill, to feed whose wheels runs the swift, deep back-water through the willows close under me. In front the river widens into a great smooth expanse that is almost a lake. From the lockhouBo in a horseshoe curve to the further bank, just below the " Complete Angler," runs the weir over which the water darts with a short- lived smoothness, to be torn and dashed into white foam in the slanting descent that leads down into the deep, dark pool inhabited by the big pike, Opposite the " Complete Angler" is the pretty church of Marlow among its thicket of gravestones rising from out the flowers, and the quiet, bright, little scene is closed in by the suspension bridge, with its background of varied foliage, where the river bends away to the right. It is a lazy scene, and the back of the water falling over the weir has a somnolent effect when one has got used to it. There is the lockman passing through a couple of vandals", the old gardener on the lawn before me a leisurely extirpating weeds with his spade ; two girls are embarking in a boat from the edge of the lawn, and three or four crafts are meandering dreamily on the broad expanse. Some citizens are plying the fly and at the angles of the basher; others anchored in punts and seated on chairs or stolidly fishing with bait, and never, seemingly, catching anything. A couple of boating men in club jackets and caps are sitting on a seat in the garden of the "Com- plete Angler," drinking shandygaff out of a huge power as they gossip with the warmth of the little inn. There is no more life anywhere, save for the occasional splash of a trout in the back water and the hum of the bees among the flowers and blossoming creepers that cover every wall. The stone is steeped in a glow of benign sunshine that creates no Bultrlnosa because of the over-night rain. In the evening I cross the footbridge into the lock island, candles and on one of the lock beams, watch the waning glow of the sunset and the rising of the moon from behind the quarry woods. Then there is a little walk down stream. The towpath on a moonlight night in delightful : the gloom and silence all around one, through which the shafts of moonray breaking through the trees fall on the swift Smooth water, and the mysterious voices, the flickering lights, and the smell of the wood fires from the little camping parties among the elders on the other side of the river. The old-fashioned river habitual detests the steam launch. I am of his way of thinking whenever I am not a passenger on that craft ; when I am my detesta- tion becomes exceedingly mild. Now-a-days I like rowing-when some one else is doing the work and leaving to me the arduous duty of steering. But I find that your closest friend weakens in his regard unless you are prepared to take your turn at the oar. Now, on board a steam-launch you have no uncomfortable sense of being a woman and an impostor if you are not volunteering to do something. THE passengers on ft steam launch can be idle and not ashamed. So when the friend whose guest I am suggests that he, his belongings, and myself shall embark in his steam-launch and go up the river to afternoon tea in the garden of the Red Lion at Henley, I display no fine Spartan indignation, but consent with a warmer feeling than resignation. Away we glide past the Complete Angler," under the Suspension Bridge, round the bend, then past the quaint little Bisham church, its squat tower reflected in the calm water with a noble swan floating across the reflection. The grey abbey is encircled by swarthy trees, and there is a forsaken, romantic look about the whole place which dis- poses one to believe in the ghost story of the Lady Hobby, who dressed in black and white, and is said to haunt the building by way of expiation for having beaten to death the little child who blotted her writing books. Higher upon the left on a charming backwater, stands Temple House, the riverside seat of General Owen Williams, who used to command the Blues and on the Books side, about Harley for House, is a network of lovely backwaters, in one of which Mr. Luke Fildes painted his famous boat picture, " Fair, quiet, sweet rest." Lady Place is now gone, but the grandly massive wall, with the old ivy on it, the dovecot, barns, and gateways, all testify to the grandeur and beauty of the home that has perished. A long bond and we are at "Medmenham Abbey," a sham ruin built on the site of the old abbey us a whim, within whose stuccoed walls some Strange orgies' were celebrated, with the notorious John Wilkes for their directing spirit. What a liberty hall Wilkes' roystering companions made the place, may be gathered from the motto over the doorway, " Fay cheque voudrBB'' (each as he likes). Just above Medmenham is the beautiful Hambledon Look; then comes Regatta Island," which is one great camp during Henley Regatta, and near the upper end of which is the starting-point for the racing boats. The course itself is a grand reach up to Henley Bridge, but we go not to the bridge, but drawing alongside the lawn of the Red Lion, all ablaze with its flower beds, leave our launch for an arbour sweet scented with roses and honeysuckle. A month hence, in regatta time, what a gay scene will be this now quiet sleepy Henley. 