SIR ROGER TICHBORNE, ARTHUR ORTON, AND MARY ANN TRED GETT IN TASMANIA. To tiie Editor. . Sir, — In the admirable and lengthy leading article in your fearless journal of the 26th February, commenting on that superlative of superlative impostors — Arthur Orton — the Tichborne claimant, epitomizing his shamming career in France, in England, in Valparaiso, in Rio de Janeiro, in the foundering of the full-rigged ship Bella, at sea in an open-boat with eight other men, in Melbourne, in Gippsland, in Wagga-Waaga, in Sydney, and throughout his brazened and uublushing ignorance, displayed in the Law Institute, in the Court of Common Pleas, and in the Court of Queen's Bench ; it is asked “How will it all end?” How it will all end I cannot say ; but I most emphatically state, that, before the beautiful drop scene falls on this hellish Tichborne tragical drama, the grand exposition of the Tasmanian part of the performance, in which the tattooed Sir Roger Charles Doughty Tichborne, alias Edward Caleb Souper, Arthur Orton, Mary Ann Tredgett, myself, and supernumeraries, must be added, and be presented to the discriminating and appreciative public eye, in order to complete the coming unfolding of its final incarnation scene. For some time past great efforts have been made in Sydney by Mr Daniel Smith, the agent for the "Tichborne Release Association" in London, to get a patient named William Cresswell removed from the Parramatta Lunatic Asylum, in order to take him to England under the supposition that he is the very identical Arthur Orton. The late Guildford Onslow, in his letter to me, has distinctly stated that Arthur Orton was tattooed AO — AO on his arm. Onslow also sent to me a printed tabulated description of Roger Tichborne, of the claimant, and of Arthur Orton, in which, under the heading " Arthur Orton Evidence," it is stated "Family evidence, Chilian evidence, Australian evidence, Wapping evidence, show that he was tattooed AO, each nearly an inch long." To all that I add my Tasmanian evidence, which is my testimony of having seen the tattooed AO on Arthur Orion's left arm, when he was leaning with his elbows resting on the counter of the bar talking to me one morning in the Royal Oak public-house in Launceston. The Tichborne claimant has the cicatrice on his left fore-arm, caused by the removal of the tattooed AO, and he could not satisfactorily account for it when on his trial. You will, sir, perceive from the above that for the lunatic William Cresswell to be truly like Arthur Orton, he (the lunatic) must have the tattooed AO upon his left arm, or tho consequent effects caused by its removal. But unfortunately for the very numerous persons who believe that Arthur Orton is in the skin of the poor lunatic Cresswell, who has not the ghost of a tattoo mark upon any part of him, is good substantial proof that that lunatic is not in the skin of Arthur Orton. Since Mr Daniel Smith's application, made in the Lunacy jurisdiction of the Supreme Court, was dismissed by His Honor Mr Justice Fawcett, a monster petition, said to be signed by 10.,000 residents of Sydney and New South Wales, has been presented by the Hon. A. G, Taylor to the Legislative Assembly. Herewith appended is a copy of my affidavit, drawn up by the Crown Solicitor, which, before sending you my first letters to Souper, Lady Ogle's secretary, I trust, will be interesting to those who have done me the honor of carefully digesting the heterogeneous facts to which I have, from time to time, directed and solicited attention. Yours, etc., J. D. D. Jackson. Gordon-street, Paddington, Sydney, New South Wales, March 5, 1884. P.S.—"An application having been made to the Secretary of State to advise Her Majesty to liberate the claimant on a ticket-of-leave, the Home Secretary has caused the following communication to be sent :— "Whitehall, October 23, 1883. Sir, — In answer to your letter of the 9th inst., I am directed by the Secretary of State that the convict, Arthur Orton or Castro, will be due for license in the ordinary course in October, 1884. — I am, sir, your obedient servant, Godfrey LUSHINGTON.'" In the Supreme Court of New South Wales, in lunacy. In the matter of the Lunacy Act of 1878, and of an application of Daniel Smith, late of Clerkenwell, London, England, but now of No. 4 Charlotte Terrace, Castlereagh- street, Redfern, the duly appointed agent in this colony for the purposes set out in affidavit of the said Daniel Smith, sworn on the 17th September, 1883, and filed in this matter of an association in London, England, called "The Tichborne Release Association," that William Cresswell, otherwise Arthur Orton, now confined as an insane person in the Lunatic Asylum, Parramatta, in the colony of New South Wales, may be removed from the said colony to London, England, on this 16th day of November, 1883. John Dettmer Dodds Jackson, of Gordon-street, Randwick, pianoforte manufacturer, being duly sworn, maketh oath and saith as follows : — 1\. About seven years ago I attended at Parramatta Lunatic Asylum in company with Dr. Taylor, then the medical super- intendent of the said asylum, and Mr Pass, then of Parramatta: I saw the person confined in the said asylum as a lunatic, under the name of William Cresswell. 2\. During the latter part of the year 1855, and the early part of 1856, I was in business in Launceston, in Tasmania, as a pianoforte manufacturer, and became acquainted with a man named Arthur Orton, who was commonly called "Arthur Orton the Sailor." He was then residing at the Royal Oak public-house, at the corner of Brisbarie-stree and Tamar-street, Launceston, Van Diemen's Land. This public-house was kept by, or was under the management of a Mrs Mary Ann Tredgett, said to be a widow arid the sister of the said Arthur Orton. The public- house did not, to the best of my recollection and belief, belong to Mrs Tredgett. The said Arthur Orton was said to be Mrs Tredgett's brother, and he acted as bar man for her in the house. I particularly recollect that he brought a musical box for me to repair, which he said belonged to his sister, Mrs Tredgett: I became acquainted with him, and.in the course of conversation he told me that he had been at Valparaiso, in a store there. I saw him repeatedly after this, during a period of three or four months, when he left Launceston, and I did not see him again at Mrs Tredgett's house. There was at this time residing at Mrs Tredgett's a man, who went by the name of EdwardSouper, who was introduced to me by a man named Robert Clabburn as Sir Roger Tichborne. The so-called Sir Roger Tichborne was a tall, dark, slight man, who spoke English with a foreign — I think— a French accent. He could speak a little Spanish. I lost sight of him in the year 1856, through his leaving Launceston. 3\. l am certain that the man I saw in the Lunatic Asylum at Parramatta, with Dr. Taylor, and who was called Cresswell, is not the man I knew in Launceston as Arthur Orton, nor is he the man who was introduced to me as Sir Roger Tichborne. I never saw him, so far as I am aware, until I saw him when I was in company with Dr. Taylor as before- mentioned. J. D. D. Jackson Sworn by the deponent on the day and year first above mentioned at — before me, H. Henry Ould, a Commissioner for Affidavits. 