JESUS A REAL HISTORICAL PERSONAGE. Mr. Massy's dream, if it was not merely a dream, would prove the chris tian religion a deception from beginning to end. This point, therefore, should be first ascertained — namely, whether a real Jesus ever existed and taught. Were we to ask Mr. Massey how he knows that Julius the Caesar conquered Britain, what answer would he give ? Perhaps he would say that the united testimony of all persons learned in the events of past centuries constitutes a sufficient proof, and leaves no reason to doubt the fact. Very good. Such a testimony is the only proof the masses of mankind can obtain, and it is suffi cient. There are Bucb beings as sceptics in history, however; and one of these may choose to allege that some person, wishing to practise upon mankind, had set the report concerning Julius Caesar afloat many years ago ; that no one had any interest, and few any ability, to in vestigate its truth ; that it thus gained an easy credence, and as time rolled on,< it strengthened into a venerable tradi tion which all now believe, but which had no foundation in fact. How would he answer suah a sceptical companion ? He would probably, in the first place, point to the still existing Commentaries of Caesar, which describe his conquest of Gaul and his subsequent invasion of our island. He would then show how these statements are confirmed by these sub sequent historians of the Roman empire, in whose works we find continual refe rence to Britain as a Roman Province, governed by a Roman officer, kept in subjection by a Roman army, under generals whose names are recorded as they were appointed or recalled. As auxiliary evidence, he would remind him that Roman relics continue to be dis covered in various parts of the land -" that Roman names or terminations are attached to many places ; that the ruins of a Roman wall still exist in the north, and the huge circle of a Roman amphi theatre is still seen at Dorchester; that it is perfectly established, therefore, that the Romans did possess the land, and we must do violence to all the laws of evi dence and faith, which govern our daily life, to deny that their power was intro duced by Julius Caesar. Should this evidence of contemporary history, and still existing relics, prove in vain, he would conclude that the mind of the sceptical inquirer had some original or acquired twist, which incapacitated it for the due exercise of belief ; or that he was under some strong prejudice and prepossession which closed his eyes ; or that, in fine, he was playing a part, and pretending to be unconvinced. Of a similar nature, but much more plentiful, is the evidence which assures us of the life and deeds of the Lord Jesus. An unlearned man, satisfied in this case with that testimony which satis fies him in every other matter beyond his personal knowledge, may rest upon universal testimony. The most compe tent to judge, amongst the most civilized nations of the earth, have declared him to have existed. Those who are hostile to the claims of his religion, yet admit him to have lived — an admissiori that would never have been made unless the evidence were irresistible. That evidence is found in a large supply of contemporary history, and in vast results which reach even to this day. Jesus penned no autobiography as did Cæsar. He committed none of his teach ings to writing, as did Plato or Moham med. But we have four lives of him, written by four different authors, called evangelists ; three of them having par ticular connexion with his sojourn in Galilee, and one of them with his say- ings and doings in Jerusalem. One pf these authors, Matthew, was a publican: or tax-gatherer ; Luke was a Physician ; John was a fisherman of Galilee, a pro vince north of Judea ; and Mark,, whose occupation we know not,, was the com panion of another Galilean sailor, named Peter, who is supposed to have furnished bim with.; his materials, and to have supervised his work. In these four lives, there is a general agreement as to the teaching, the acts, and the character of the Lord ; an agree ment which in any court of justice would be considered amply sufficient to estab lish the main facts in the life and death of Jesus. There is, at the same tithe, such a diversity as to prove there could have been no conspiracy between the writers to construct a fable, and palm it on the world. Besides these lives, we possess a series of letters which refer to the sayings, the doings, and the sufferings of their sub ject, written by a contemporary of Jesus, a person of lofty genius and highly-culti vated mind, who had once been diame trically opposed to his claims, which thus furnish a strong collateral testimony to the biographies of the evangelists. That these lives and letters were, the productions of the persons whose names they bear is established by a fact which cannot be more strongly affirmed of any other writings in existence, namely, that they are constantly quoted as such, and thus are well known to be such through the whole world, by a regular succession of writers from the time of their com-, position to the present day. Matthew's, Gospel, for instance, is alluded to by the writers of the apostolic age, Barnabas, Clement of Rome, Hermas, Ignatius, and Polycarp. It is expressly declared to be his by Papias, the companion, of Polycarp. The same writer, as appears from frag- ments preserved by Eusebius,; mentions, the Gospel of Mark; a Gospel mentioned also by Irenæus, Clement of Alexandria, Tertullian, Origen, and many others. The Gospel of Luke is spoken of by Irenæus, who notices most of the pecu liarities which distinguish it from Mat thew and Mark ; and after Irenæus, it is noticed by Clement of Alexandria, Tert- tullian, Origen, and others. The Gos pel of John, in like manner, has been re ceived by all antiquity as his, and as having been written to confute thevarious heresies which had arisen from erroneous views of the person of the Messiah. It is not necessary to advance any quotations to substantiate our assertion., Those who wish to see them given at length can consult Dr. Lardner's " Cre dibility," and they will find such a variety of concurring testimony as perhaps no other work of ancient times possesses, and as leaves it beyond the shadow of a doubt that these lives of Jesus were com posed by the persons whose names they bear, and close to the period when, the events occurred which they narrate. It is important to make the force of this kind of argument apparent by a single illustration. Suppose that a thousand years hence, in the capital of Australia, a man takes down the novel of " Wa- verley." He has heard it generally as serted to be the production of a person styled Sir Walter Scott. He finds, how ever, no name of the writer upon the title-page, and no clue in the work itself which will lead to its discovery. How, then, must he satisfy himself if a doubt as to the authorship arise in his mind ? Evidently by examining contemporary writers, whose works may have survived the wreck of time. In a note to one of Byron's poems he may find some allusions to the novel and its author. In a history of George iv. he learns that that monarch created this Walter Scott a baronet, as an honourable reward for having composed a series of poems, and of romances de riving their title from this "Waverley," which was the first of them. In lists of authors of the next age he, perhaps, dis covers the name of the work assigned to it, and thus he comes to the con clusion that the novel was really written by Scott. Some sceptical critic of that day may easily throw a haze of doubtfulness over these testimonies ; may light upon a passage of contemporaneous literature which declares the Waverley Novels to have been written by some great unknown ; may dwell with great force on the improbability of a writer to the signet, and. a sheriff, spending his time in composing novels, when his coun try was agitated by the convulsive throes of the first French revolution audits wars ; and thus he may succeed in leaving the question at least uncertain. But we in this day know the fact ; and could we rise from the dead' and be present at the discussion, we should give sentence against the doubter, however skilfully his > argument might be constructed. . Even, thus .the whole Christian world at the outset knew well the authenticity, of the Gospels, which we are obliged to establish by hints,, quotations, and affir mations of subsequent, writers; and happy is it for our faith, that in the providence of Him who is its author and finisher, so many persons of unquestionable veracity and of competent information have furnished us with the testimony which we require. The next, question to be considered is, whether these narratives are novels or histories : whether Jesus is an ideal man, whom the writers have imagined for cer tain purposes of their own ; or whether he is a real person, born at Bethlehem, and crucified at Jerusalem. This question can, soon be decided. . 1. The existence of Christians proves that there must have been a Jesus in whom they believed as the Christ. The existence of the Mormonites proves that there must have been a Joseph Smith, in' whose mission they believe. The church of the Irvingites is a living testimony to the existence and career of Edward Irving; thesociety of the Wesleyans to the preach ing of John Wesley. Men and women are not in the habit of leaving old religions, associations, and attachments for a non existent creation of the human brain. Fancy, if you can, the fiery and ambi tious Saul of Tarsus , flinging away all his prospects in life, and devoting him self to testify of Jesus, at the risk of loss, of suffering, and of death, if Jesus were only an imaginary hero of romance. Fancy the bigoted Jew, or the refined Greek, or the world-subduing Roman, attaching themselves to the despised sect of the Nazarenes for a mere poetic fig ment. This would have been a greater wonder than all the wonders related in the. books. No ; there must have been a real living Jesus, or there would have been no. believers in' his name to be called /Christians. And, in fact, Christians existed before the Gospels were written ; at first, meri' who had not actually lived with Jesns, arid seen his works, had only the oral testimony of those who had, as the basis of their belief. The Gospel of Luke seems to have been composed of such testimonies. Matthew and John were eye and ear-witnesses of the facts they have recorded. Luke appears to have thrown into one orderly treatise, the accounts of the numerous, disciples who were eye-witnesses from the beginning and the ministers of the doctrines of Christ. The Christian church was not therefore' the creation ' of the Gospels. It lived before them, arid the Gospels arei the written 1 narratives of those events, which account for the otherwise unac countable existence of the Christian community. Now of' the existence of Christians, or of persons bound together by a common faith in Jesus as the true Christ, from the date assigned to, his life, we have evidence not only from Christian writers, but from heathen. The Roman historians Suetonius and Tacitus, declare that in the reign of Nero, the third emperor in succession from Tiberius, under whom Pontius Pilate crucified Christ, Christians were a very numerous body in the' imperial city, and in other parts iff the empire ; and describe the cruel treatment to which they were subjected by the tyrant's decree. Pliny, the governor of Bithynia, , writes to . the emperor Trajan, that his province was overrun with multitudes of both sexes, who ackniowledged Christ as a God. From that period we read of their spread7 ing, in defiance of all efforts to destroy them, through every part of the earth, until Constantino the Great, who was saluted as emperor by his legions, in Britain, whether influenced by policy or conviction, professed himself to be a Christian, and established the religion in the empire. Paganism soon gave Way before it's influence. The barbarian nations, who issued .from ; the northern forests, arid swept like a flood over Italy, yet embraced', the' religion of the con quered. Hence, amongst other cau.es, it became mixed with superstitions from which it was iri' a great measure rescued at the Reformation ; and now Christian ity, in its pure manifestations is the religion of the most free, enterprising, and energetic peoples of the earth. If, moreover, from the few relics of Roman art which antiquarian research discovers, we may conclude the general truth of the Roman Histories as to the invasion ' of Britain' by Ca»ar, 1 how much more rightfully may we conclude the existence of Jesus from the ordin ances which, are still observed iri. the Christian Church.. There is not a bap- .tisrn performed, but is a living evidence rihat Jesus said, " Go ye into all the word, and teach all nations, baptising them in the name of the Father, and of the Son, atid of . the Holy Ghost." There, is not a communion celebra ted, but is a witnesB to that last supper, and that parting cup of blessing which he desired should be thenceforth taken in remembrance of him. There is not a Lord's day that brings its sweet rest and worship to a toiling world, but declares that Jesus died and rose again. Christianity exists, and therefore Jesus lived. 2\. The production of an ideal charac ter such as that of Jesus, was utterly impossible to such men as the evangelists. They were capable of narrating that, which they had seen and beard. To imagine and delineate Jesus was not only beyond their power, but be yond the loftiest genius that ador ned their age, or even now dwells upon the earth. We may safely aver that no man, however extensive his acquirements, or varied his talents, is far in advance of his time as to the elements which constitute a perfect character. We may therefore be quite certain, that had comparatively unlettered Jews attempted to draw an image from from their own minds, they would have accumulated upon their hero whatever was in their time nationally believed to have been most excellent. Had they pictured a religious man, he would have been a compound of the Pharisee and the Essene, scrupulous in observing the traditions of the elders, and.exhibiting a stern asceticism, which all then are ready to mistake for holiness. Had they drawn a patriotic man, he would have been animated with the spirit of the Maccabees, or of the older champions of Israel,- one mourning in secret over the woes, and degradation of his country,, breathing out threatenings and slaughter against the .Roman invaders - and eagerly watching for the hour of vengeance. Had they imagined a Messiah, 'he, would have been a warrior-prince, riding forth at the head of fiis armies, conquering, and to conquer. How different' is the Jesus whom they have actually 'described ! Instead of cul tivating! he' attack's with'terrible severity the acknbwledged forms of religious excellence as ' nothing, better . than formal hypocrisy, or heaven- hated self-right eousness. Instead of the fiery virtues becoming the patriot citizen' of a subju gated people, his' blessing only falls upon the meek, the pure in heart, the peace maker ; and his. command', , is .to love 'the enemy and pray for .the persecutor. Instead of a David or a Solomon -the, Messiah, suffers himself to be trodden underfoot as a worm and no man, and submits to the death of .the cross'.', His character- and- his teachings completely harmonize. Strange as they were at that day, and strange as they cbntinueto/he to all unchristianized men still, the 'cha racter is the noblest that' has 'ever ' yet heen conceived ; and a Messiah such 'as he, as'the only ' one ' who could saye ,a dying and distracted: world.' Now, -if ,'thq ! . highest ! genius ris 'only a- Httie" in! advance of .the national "sebtimeht, as to. the constituents of excellence,' how1 comes it'; to pass that these denizens pf Galilee h'aye.presehted . us with ,a' perfect character,' whose graces were oppoted'to' the! .national ! sentiment, and yet! when examined, approve themselves to our judgments . as the most splendid orna ments of humanity ? . . : . , ' . : . .;;'.,Thmk':you.J'that' a taxgatheqnf' ing/.tp: 'jtheViowestjpf the, pepple. , could' bayp;cqmppseditbe,8e the mount',' cir have imagmed'the .scenes', at Tabor or jbalvary ? .j Think' iyoW i'.that,.;Jqfin1;i''t|iei fisherman, could '.haye dreaint'the, divine 'discourses defiyered .; 'at , Jerusklem! or have ' promulgated- which is,, .!! reconciling"1,, 'heayenj,' j'abid! erirth ?(l -Tbinqa Jnbing signs -and ' evangelists .yyould; !!;ppt '.only ,'have ! con;; fined, themselves 'within'; the ' bounds of "probability "and ; .eyen ' "digo'ity,!! but have devised' a series !of forks'., so singularly jingraopstynth'b .trire and teach, ing ? ijqUjfiMi it genius", is indeed jConfiued, to no! class.'.! One! of ! th'e tub, at Original jofwhi.ctic !.8'avelling tinker;, '.'He basproduced andfall.'tHeyaried ' Vay jto, .the|'pelestiaii% 4 " V \ 0!(, ' " 3.' TKe!!marin4fpf| wit- ness,, against' .it's h.eing ajWmanijaiidde- ulareit 'fv..h'p.ever. heard' of fouy men combining : ' Jto!' write."a.'rpmariM Hiiferent'ilives of one, and, the", "sain 'Several persons, may engage i,!in..oiie,' work,' "'"some supplying onepart,- -axid. -.ome .another ; , but the! greatest care vvillbe take shall, benb hiyersities as to the'facts jn the i .different sections,' and tlmtptiereisash !a!Jdiyersity7of'styl< impression of : unity shbuld be prbduced uppn. the reader. -The evangelists, how ever, give us I'oui'' different distinct' bio- graphies, each treating the life from "the beginning to the' end, each having such peculiarities of style and narration as' clearly establish his independence of all the others ; and yet all harmoniously agreeing in all the main features of teach ing, and deeds, and disposition : so that the Jesus of one is identical with the Jesus of the other. Give to a fisherman, an apothecary, and an exciseman in the present day, the task of describing a char- acter, whose perfections shall he in ad vance of the common sentiment, in his birth, education, life, works, and death, in different biographies ; think you that they could produce anything consistent with itself, far surpassing our present ideals of excellence, and yet in perfect keeping with the loftiest principles of morals ? We may safely declare they never could perform the task, notwith standing the superior advantages of our age over the apostolic. Still more impos sible would it have been for Matthew, Mark, Luke, and John to have written their Gospels, had not Jesus lived, , and had they not seen and known him. 