WHEN WE TWO PARTED. By SARAH DOUDNEY, Author of ' A Woman's Glory,' &c.; Published by special arrangement with the avit'ior. «.ll rights reserved.] When we two parted In silence and tears, Bait firoEen hearted, Xo sever for je&rs.; — Bvbon. Ciuitee XXXF. — The Minister's answer. Set free from David, tijdia Meade was no* at liberty to revel unchecked in the a veotness of her new attachment. Her father, al spays indulgent, bad promited to think as well as be cculd of this strsnger who was coming to ask for bis daughter's hand. But, as he had said to David, there was no light upon the pathway now ; he was walking on, bewildered ar.d sad, conscioue of falling strength, aud almost locgicg for the end of the journey. 2 be Lcndnn tcason was nearly at an end, srd lisiph iNorripgton had at last contrived to get a Saturday right's holiday. Ha was a? worn &rjd; jaded with work as a msu well cculd be ; and as tbe train rustted on into the 01 en cmintiyhe Icened back in his corner ?with a fctlicg of intense relief. He wss gcirg to make his proposal is due form: and then, in a very short time, he beped to cwry Lydia to a London home. A t'tcuestd times he bad said to himself that he wan getting more aud more wearied of un realities. To have Lydia in town would be like keeping a sweet country flower always growing under his roof. She would be ts him a perpetual refreshment. He wanted to live a life quite apsrt from the wearing, glittering life cf tbe fctsge*. Ho wanted to have soaie tbir s qoitc f rrsh and real in his home. When Kalph wanted anything he never gave himself the trouble to think bow th?se desires of his would affect other people. He was not concerned about the effect of trani pl&ntbtion; on the flower he coveted. As to his father and sister, it would cot ba necessary to tell them anything until he pre sented Ljuia to them as his wife. They loved him after their own fashion, but there had ever been a sense of distance between them nn/i hirasplf K*Af.felejm. *wrt-t and lnvlnr as she was, had never sympathised with her brother's Bohemianiam. She was a conven tional woman, and had a decided taste for the commoDpla;e routine of every day life. A3 to Mr. Ketherdale, that mysterious gloom of bis always Eeemod to deepen when his son chaticed to pey him a vii.it. Ralph thought that his father had never thoroughly forgiven him fcr those youthful follies which had caused so much discomfort in the curate'd bcusthold. True, the money hal all been repaid, end the curate was now a vicar with a rich living; but Kalph could not believe himself heartily pardoned. It was not the first time that he had fallen in lore ; but he was quite eure that he had never levc-d to seriously before. He could recall bis first fancy for a sun -burnt maid by the wayside, wbo was the very counterpart of Sterne's Nanette, with 'v-valajoia in her lips, riva la joia in her eyes.' Tiie liking had lasted nearly a whole summer, but had pissed away with the roses, leaving not a trace be hied. It was one of Ralph's characteristics to remember only the pleasant scenes of life. Lockitg back upon the bright faces that he bad Icvcd, after his manner of loving, he always saw them gay with smiles— the tears \rc?e it variably forgotten. Atd cow he was under a sew ir.fi ien;e; and it was an iciluence that might, he believed, terd to calm end purify hia whole life. Ljdia's Puritan faith and artless sim plicity bad Btr&kened; in him a deeper feeling thcti he bad eve:r known before. Ho foucd his rooms at tbe Fiue Tree ticaitcccd up for his use; linen smelling of lavender ; eicpty grates filled with fcra ; a bunch of rOEtt and mignonette on the sitting rocm rpautelpicce. He ate bis late luac&eon; ?Kith a better appttHt than usu.l ; and then (??farted off at a bri&k; pace in the direction of Been Cottage. A letter bad prepared Lydiafor bi» coning, and the was waiting for htm in tbe pirlor intensely shy, and overwhelmed with the full consciouences cf her great happiness. A slight thrill of disappointment ran through him as be entered ; they had not met since that eventful evening ia tbe rose path, when [he had worn her black silk gown. There bad been obstacles in the way cf meeting ; but they had written frequently Lydia'o letters were tender, delicate, refined. with Ewe6t scented leaves pressed between the pages of note paper ; — just the kind of letters to deepen tbe impression that she had made. And he had always thought of h =r a3 she had locked on that Sunday evening ameng ber roses ; a lovely girl in the very perfection of her bloom, wearing the rich black gown that fell around her in simple and attistic folds, as fair a study as ever the heart of a painter could desire. Ocly tLrre weeks had gone by since that meetirg, arid her beanty had undergone a change. The soft face was a little sharpened ; there were faint Indications of shadows un derneath ihe eyes ; and the look of perfect serenity was gone. She had put on the gray drees again, snd had fastened a cluster of scarlet geranium near the throat : bat the gsy flowers did not harmonise with the modest and quiet style of her loveliness. Through 1 hose three weeks Lydia had been living a cew life of ceaseless emotion, and it bad left marked traces upon her countenance. Hitherto ?be bad existed in a pleasant little dream world, in which stie had always f--lt calmly confident of herself, and a trills superior to other people. Then came the great shock of David's return, and the s-ili greater ihock of finding that he consented to tbe enappirE of her chain. She had felt herself tightly bound, and had hem gathering her forces (or a struggle ; and he bad quietly let ber go. She had looked for a dtcided opposition from her father, and be had yielded unresistingly to her wilL Resistance would have brought ont all the latent obstinacy that is so often fonnd in mild women; but, finding that no one thwarted her desires, she began to wonder nneesUy whether those desires were what they ought to be ? Ephralm, when joined to idols, was to be let alone ; and the thought of being ' left to her«6lt' was very terrible to Lydia Meade. The minister had stipulated that Mr. Korilngton should avoid coming to the cot tsge in his absence; and as Joseph Boyle lay long upon bis sick-bed, Mr. Meade preached at Mill Gate for three more Sunday evenings. Now, however, that Joseph was able to fill his place again, the old pastor gladly returned to his own pulpit, and the jQurncjs to the Mill Gate chapel were given up. His gentleness and patience smote Lydia to tbe heart. He did not once blame her for that hasty bestowal of her affections, although be showed himself quietly deter mined to know all that wai to be known of her suitor ; and while the two were together in the little parlor, he sat in the study, calmly waiting for Ralph to come in and speak to him. It waB impossible for Ralph Norrlngttsn to loae his graceful ease under any circum stances. A man who fronts crowds of people every night must always have perfect ciatrol over gesture, voice, and manner. The faint shock of disappointment that he had expe rienced was never known to Lydia ; his tone was as soit as ever ; his ejes rested upon hers with unaltered tenderness, ' I was tired of waiting for another git npse of you,' he said with a caress. ' Wn*t a weary delay there has been.' ' Ye8,' the answered shyly; 'but it could not be avoided. And we must be happy now.' '-Quite happy I hope. Yon h«.ve had a great deal to worry you, poor child.' 'I have been troubled; everything bas seemed strange. The old familiar life is gone.' ' But there is nothing that you regreb ?' he asked quickly. ?' No ; only my old pc*ce of mind.' 'My dear child, that wiil surely C3aie back.' ' I don't tbirk it ever will,' sbe said, look ing up with pathetic eyes. 'I feel I am going to be a new parson ; a happy person, I am sure, but auito new.' ' If you intend to change yourself I shall be exceedingly disappointed. I waat the little person with whom I full ia lore among tbe roses, and nobody else.' But even as he spake ho was half conscious that the subtle charm of those first hours of intercourse hsd fled. Taey were not in tha roee-path now, acd there was a lack of b=aily in their surroundings. The room was b ire; it could onlj boast of ono easy chair, whic'a barely deserved its tame; and the others, stiff and ugly, were rasgea in a straight rev, with their b&cki; to the waU. There was & round tj-b!o in the middle of the apartment, covered wi^.h & c'aeap green cloth; above ihe chimneypi92e »&e; a large cngrsvicg of Mises holding up the brsz-n serpent, wUU countless ltraf-Jites peiishicpr uiider tbe l&ngs; of reptiles in the foreground. Aad all along Use walls were tboee dreary portraits of de parted aifinep, moi» of th^tn discolored with sgc, and all remarkable for that unlovellaess of feature wbijh seemed to bs the characte ristic of certain worthies ot a bjgone day. 'Are any of them olire nov?' suddenly enquired Ralph, painting to the portraits, and ieelirg that they were brgiaaing to exer cise a gloomy fascination over aim. ' Any of them? Ob, the ministers,' s«d Ljdia, comprehending with an effort. ' No ; they are all gone into the heavenly country.' *? So much tbe better — I hope they have net? faces there,' he remarked with impolitic cat 6 cur. ' They were very godly men,' Ljdia 5iid gravely. 'But why were they ell such avfal guys? I know one earthly saint who can wo a a soul heavenwards by tho povrcr of her angel look.1' lie spoke with his arm wound ro°and her wsiBt, and his eyes resting fondly on hers. She emiled and shook her head. 'You ought not to say such things; you speak too lightly. Sly father ii expectipg ycu in the study; vie must cot keep bin waiting any longer.' Quite undisturbed at the thought of the approaching interview, end perfectly un moved by her rebuke, ho stooped to kiss her. The minister was sitting in his usual pi ice at his table, always drawn close to tho window in summer. He rose snd met Mr. Norriogtoc with a grave conrttsy that was appreciated at one?, and impressed Ralph as favorably as his face. For a moment, as he met the gaze of those mild, grey eyes, the younger man felt as if he were an intruder, come to trouble ?-his venerable deniz»n of aland of peac:. He returned Mr. Meade'a greeting with due re spect, and seated himself on the other side of the table. Here sgain was Moses, occupying the post of honor over tbe mantelpiece, with Aaron apd Ear staying up his bauds, while Josbua discomfited Amalek. One glance at that picture convinced Ralph that nobody with any imagination could look at it locg without a sympathetic aching iu tha joints of bU arms. There were more ^rim portrait?, more stiff chairs, and a bookcase filled with sombre-looking volumes; yet somehow this study was less uninteresting than tbe parlor. It was a room hailowcd by earnest thought and pr&yer; : many hai come here to tell their secret troubles, and had been sent away heartened aad consoled ; mBny a home truth had boen spoken within these wall?, and many a word of diviae ten derness. The room, humble &s; it was, hid gathered a treasure of sacred absolutions ^itbin its nerrow liniiE?, snd was a kind of lowly sanctuary. '1 fear I am an unwelcome visitor, Mr. Meade,' began Ra!ph with a smile. ' A nun cBtnot expect a cordial reception w'aen ho cenies on tuch an errand as mine. 1 an here tor.ek you fcr ycur daughter.' Toe minister bent his head gravely, and still regarded him with the earac steady g&zs.; 'My child tells me,' he sf.id, 'that she has already given you her heart. I have yet to learn whether she has done wisely, Mr. KorriDgton, Her station in life is humbler tban youK, I think ; she has been brought up smccg simple people. Are you willing that she should treed the eld path? Are you ready to walk with her in the nsrro w way of hclineis '!'' ' Heaven forbid that I should evor lead her out of it,' exclaimed ltilpb, fervently. ' Her goodness end simplicity are her greatest charms. I do not want my «ife to be an artificial woman of scdety, and I look to her to make me a better man.' 'The spirit cf God often works through human agency,' the minister replied. ''My cbild b&B; told me that you are setting your face Zion wards. And truly there is very little in this world that a man may not turn his back upon with content.' Iialph's second self was not disposed to Bgree with those last words. A voice within him answered that there are mauy things that a man does not care to turn his bec'i upon— pic&e;&nt; follies, that are not bid enough to be culled eihb — vanities and luxuries that are only tbiid or fourth cousins to vices. He wes distinctly conscious of n desire to pi&y; the psrt of Mr. Fscing-brsth way?, and get all pcitibie enjoyment out of the life thai now is, without losicg his hope in the lite thit is to come. Ho remained discreetly silent until Mr. Meade Epi.be &gaiu.; TCere was a brinf pcuse, filltd up by & bjg hunablo bee which entered through the open window, aud buzz:d with the power of ri/ty ordinary iasects. Tiitn, after & bhuidctirjg flight round the ricrn. it, we-nt out to lose itsol! in a mazs ol jttssUiirje ; and Ralph found himself abaeatly following it nith his eye.s. ' 1 am an oid m»&.' the minister went on. ' My fett are drawicg near toe brink of tte river. I «snt to ltavo my daughter in good bards— you irust not blame me far irisaiag jou wcro r.ot a strangfr. The acquaintance ie tboit, fsr too short, Mr. Norriogcoa.' His tcLO was troubled, fend his eyes rested se&) cbirigly and anxiously en the faue of tbe rcau before him. It was a young face, but worn aad shsx peced into premature ese by the incessant toil cf sn actor's life. There was no mous tache to hide the most expressive feature in the countenance; the moatb, that unfailing indicator, was fully revealed. It was hand soiEe and ckacly cut ; but the iower lip was full enough to be seneual, aud there lingered en it scmetimes the ghost of a mocking smile, Tbe eye;, dark and bright, were rather cold, atd told nothing ; yet Mr. Meade, most uu tiit-picious of men, cou?d feel there was a wall of division between Ki'pa Norrington and himself, although he aid not know what had reined the barrier. ?' 1 cbb offer ber most of the good thi3g3 cf ibis Hfc,' Ralph replied- 'And though 1 am a stranger to you, Mr. Meade, mine is by eo means an unknown name. I am niiling that you should make the most search' ing etiqnirieE ; I have few enemies and a very fair cumber of friends.' 'Do not thick me wanting in ciortesy.' Tbe minister spoke with dignity, although the words were apologetic. ' Ai I hive said already, I am an old man, and I live in a retired place. I hear nothing, or nest to tothiDg, of the celebrities of tho timi ; it is a great age, and a clever age ; but great and clever people do not cross my path. I belong to tbe past, Mr. Noreington, and you mutt pardon my ignorance. You are a painter, perhaps, or a writer V 'Neither a painter nor a writer,' Ralph answered, frankly. 'I am an actor, Mr, Meade. Ralph Norrington, of the Star Theatre.' If be bad announoed himself as Bselzabub of tbe bottomless pit, the minister could scarcely have been more startled and horri fied, But as the horror faded an expression of most unwonted sternness settled upon bis face. ' I must have more sins o&mrsonl; than I know of,' he said bitterly, 'or this trial would not be sent. The Lord's wrath i- kindled against me and mine. My daughter's feet are taken In a snare, and my grey hairs will be brought down with sorrow to the grave. Yon must leave me, sir, or it may be that I shall say things that are bstter un said.' 'Leave you— and without an answer?' asked Ralph in astonishment that was not all feigned. 'I have but one answer to give.' Mr. iff ade lifted his hand with a solemn gest ire. 'It is this — I would rather follow my ciild to the grave that give her to yoa.' Ralph rose gravely, and stood confronting the old man with tho calmness that only comes by long training. He folt that uo blustering would avail him here ; and, to do justice, he had no wish to say an angry word. He knew little or nothing of that peculiar sect to which Sir. Meade belonged ; it was the first time in the whole course of hta light minded life that he had ever stood f ice t j face with a gecuine Puritan, and he was a^ ignorant of the minister's deep-rooted aversions as if they had been dwellers in different spheres. His own father was natu rally a man of broad views; aad although he bad not been well pleased with his son's choice of a prof assion. he had never regard ;d it ss a sinful one. Ralph had expected a little head-snaking, acd a lecture on frivolity snd waste of time ; but he had believed that Mr. Meade would be quick to seo the advan tages offered to his child. They were piar people, these Meadts, occupying a humble station in the world ; and the suitor had come forward with confidence wholly unprepared fcr the tstrOEg rebuff which he had received. *'I have done notbiDg to deserve an insult, Mr. Meade,' he said in a qaiet voic9. ' I rstte here to make an honorable proposal, ntd I bed your daughter's permission toome. What 13 this terrible fault that you have sud denly found in me ?' 'The iault that Elijah found with Abab, when te paid 'Thou hut sold thyself to work evil in the sight of the Lord !' Di you think it a light thing, sir, to make mirth for those vi:o oi-ght to bo weppipg over their sins? Their time is short, their day of grace will coon be er.ded ; end you teach them to spend their precious hours in tri&iDg; acd vanity !' Jehu Eadicott himself, that puritan of ruiitanp, couidfcardly have spoken in sterner lar-£ug.ge when he smote the Maypole of Merry Mount. But Mr. Meade was by nature a can of a gentle spirit, and the re bufeer suffered more than the rebuked. The outburst of righteous wrath bad pained and c&h;&utted; him, and he leaned back in his cbair with a heavy sigh. Ko cne would ever realise what it cost him to utter a barsh word. And yet, as R^'ph KorriEgtoa looked at his pale face after t'ae p&KsiOD; had faded out of it, be did vaguely cta-; reheL d tfcat tbe minister, in smiting him, t&c; wounded his own heart, CHju-ter XXXII.— Not Parted. For a second or two there was a dead silence. Ralph Korrington had been com Horded to leave the room, but he did not go. He remained Handing, his hand resting HpttJy on the back of the chair he had occupied, his dark eyes quietly studying the mit-ister's face. Th'ere was perfect ease in bis attitude, nor did his features betray the f&intcet; sign of discomposure. He was not &Dgry; ; bus he was a good deal surprised, and a little amused. On the whole, he thought that Mr, Meade b&e;} ccrao cut rather strong ia the dramatic Jh e. With proper traininjr ho might, do very veil as a lirat old man. lUlph had been so fully occupied with his looks aad gestures tlifit his wc;ds bad unly left a faint loi lircssioc. Mr. Norrington had a hazy idea that he baa been compared to Ahah, aad that Ahab tad reipxed over the children of Israel, who vmc liot, as a rule, happy in their kings, Eut if Mr. Meade chose to relieve his feelings by 1 ltissicg him with any of the Old Testa ment bitrers, Ralph wps not goios to disturb birr.fdt about such a trido. Moreover, there were mare iaiport*nt matters to be considered. He V7ai a great tittl too fond of Us little Lydia to givfi her up at her fatbtr'a biddipg, aud he felt quite sure tfcat she would no5 thank bim for easily res;grjing h«r. He must try to soothe this excitable old gcntiemsin, and the best W3y to conquer him was to decline to accept any p* evocation from his hands. ' I think j ou are rather hard upon me, Mr. Mcado,' he e&id; in hia gentlest voiae. 'It ought to be borne in mind that I wai never brought up to regard my profession as einfal; cor bave I ever thought that actirji; was an evil woik. I can assure you tbat it is not cary to get an honest living now a-dajs, 1 have to work hard for my bread.' ' I wish you could be persuaded to work as hard intbo Lord'a service,' replied the pastor in a softer tone. ' Forgive me for asking the question, but docs it pay to serve the Lord? Do you find this a remunerative service' ? I think not.' 'No.' said Mr, Meade, lifting bii worn face with fi bright look ; ' it does not pay. If it b&d; been a paving service, Vamig wculd cot have forsaken it : nor would the young rraa who bad great poa-cssioas h&ve; gone away sorrowfully from the master. He has promised us our creature in hsavec/' 'Yet we cannot live without our silver and gold. I wish we could, I should like to sot rid of all money nutters, a*: once and for ever. Ycu are be envied, Mr. Meade, for you will, peth≺, soon inherit that heavenly treasure of which you speak. But how will L;dia bear years of poverty snd loneliness ? ' The old rpan'a face clouded agi;.D. ' God will take care of his poor aervinVa child,' he said simply, but tiiere was a pstieut e&Ceceh; in bis tone that K*]pVd qiicU ear detected ar, oner. ' Let me take care cf her too.' he pleaded ecgerly. '*-Sbe shall live a guarded life always, and be free to walk in ber own way, Hear me, Mr. Meade, do net put her h*p piness assy from her: eaU her, and let her settle this question. Tho mlfuUr wa«. silent for a moment, and tbsn he rose quietly end opened the dacir. Lydia was in the room in an iastaut, look ivs at them both with anxious (yes. ' Did you cail me, father ';' she asked. ?:Ljdi».' he said, gravely; 'there are tiroes in most of our lives when God calls upon us to choose between a blessing aad a car so. Such a time has come to yon, my child, and we are waiting for your decision.' Sbe turned as pale as a tea ro~e, and her glance at Ralph was at once enquiring and beseeching. Involuntarily his dark eyes flashed her a swift answer ss he moved a little tcorer to her side. 'This man who seeks you, Lydia, ia a play Ector.' The minister spoke ia no ungentle voice. '* I have already said some nai-eh things to him, and he has borne them pa tiently — more patiently than I could have expected. And now he telis me Dot to put ycur happiness away, and he plends with me to let ycu Fettle this question. What tay you, Lteiia ? Will jou cleave to him, or le: him go v' 'A play-actor .'?' Sbe repeated the words incredulously. ' Oh, no, father ; there muit be n mistake.' Mr. Meade turned silently towards Ralph, with a look that invited hiti to speak. Tae young man stepped forward, and confronted feet- with a steady gaze. ' There is no mistake, dear,' be said, and tho voice, carefully modulated, bad not lost Its first i:. fluencc upon her. ' ldid not know ULtil to-day tbat my profession would be an obstacle teiwf.en us. Bat it ia an oost&sle.; LyetiB, tbat you can remove with a breath, 1 have promised to keep you guarded from the werieJ in which I have to move ; I have prcrcised tbat yon ihtdl tread your own path; the path that we aro to walk in side by side. You will not forsake me now ? ' There was CO reply. H-r lips parted ; bat the did net speak, nor did the color return to her cheeks. ' Lj d ia, you wl'l not leave me V' The tone was pEssioEately sweet ; he was patting forth el) bis power, and sbe felt it, and trembled. 'You were to be n-y guide and my helper — fcavo j ou forgotten V' 'Ko,' Ebo said, suddenly springing for w&re;), and %-nttmg htr srms r-.u&d; tbe minis ter's neck. ' Father,' sho went on, drawing bis white bead down to hers, -'father, I want tobc&loce; with jou for a little while, L?t me tei.d him itito trie other room, but not cut of tbe house ' 1 -ear father, you doa'C ktow ? ' Ralph did cot wait to bear ciorp. He oper-fd tte rioor quickly enough to get a glinmFQ cf K&nrv;'a retreating skirts, and tmiled to think that somebody's ear had been at tbe ktjbole. That excellent servant was tco deeply interested in her young mistreas'd affairs to let such an important question be eettled without her knowledge. Her fjmpatbies had been from the first on the tide of this worldly lover, who was so bsccsoKc sod well dressed. If ho married Miss Meade and took her to London, Nancy was more tban half inclined to go with them. KhewBB quite sure tbat town w&ys; and town company would suit her very well, and she also felt that tho new household would pro bably be less rigidly pious than the old. Nancy loved the pastor and his daughter truly, but her carnal mind was sometimes at enmity with the gravity of their lives. There are natures that rebel with all their force against an unembelHsbed life. After striding up acd down in the dreary little parlor for a few moments Ralph took bis w»y to the back of the cottage, and turned his stops to the rose- path. Tbe xoscs had seen their best days and the walk could now scarcely be said to deserve tbe name ; the place was still bright and sweet, but the fresh fragrance of the early summer was gone. Still there was a delight ful sense of purity and real rusticity iu this old garden. Ralph thought of all the shim garden patin, bordered with painted flower*, that he had traversed behind the footlights. He recalled the pause, the pose— two figures meeting just in the right spot, and the well practised grace with which the heroine of the piece always flung herself into his arms. Aud then he remembered the minister's sudden outburst of wrath, and laughed softly to him self. He felt perfectly sure his little Lydia wonld gain her point. She would come to him eocn— yes, she was coming already. The small figure in tbe grey frock wa3 hastening along the grassy path, and the soft bloom had tinged her cheek again. 'Well?' he said, opening his arms. She did not speak until her head was rest ing on his shoulder, but he heard a long sigh tbat told him of inexpressible relief. 'We need Dot part.' sbe said at last. ' Only jou must not take me away yet ; not yet for a long while. We must know a great deal more of each other, and we mnst see if we can be agreed before we walk to gether.' Fancy our disagreeing !' He laughed with gay confidence. 'I almost think such per fect nnity as ours will become monotonous — we tball have to get up an argument and loie our ttmpeis sometime* by way of a ctarge. 'Ajy father is very good.' She had scarcely listened to his lightly uttered words. ' You cannot understand all that it co3ts him to act against bis c&n;«cience. He still thicks tbat we ought to be patted. But — out of pity for my weakness — he has yielded.' 'And out of regard for yoar future pr as pects— just a little,' said Ralph, with a faiat ting of mocfcery in his tone. ' Oh, to ; cot that— not that !' She lifted her head from his shoulder, and spoke earnestly. 'It was boRvisft I 8%id thai; I could not face my life if I had to give you up. 1 have been wry, vary weak ; I suraoK from tb* FBcrifice.' 'It would h&ve; been a most unnecessary sacrifice;' he answered lmpauemly. 'At py-stDt 1 tball not try to uproot the prf j 1 cicescf ye-srs; but byand-oye I will teash ycu to use your own common sense. You are afraid to brirg your reasoning powers into pisy ; it is all very natural ; bat— what a ridtculcut education 1' Was it weeba or months or rears a?o that tc b&d; Bcked ber to teach him V Was this the m&n; wbo b&d; come to her for spiritual coucsel and direction? And it had all ended in her renouncement of her own principles, end & blind submission to his judgment. It wai the common transformation of the guardian angel into the tame woman. Lydia bad never been fitted to play the rule of a Beatrice, 'stooping only to pity, never to love,' and guiding hT worshipper up the heights of Paradise. Yet this had been her conception of the natural function of hsr life. And it must be confessed tha* it was t'ae pert tbftt David lierrick bad atsignod to her in his mind. She looked the character ; and hers was one of those facas which the old ! painters have given to the Blessed Virgin ia j her girlhood. Unconsciously, the in«pired j HiEty ptcjjle with a feeiing ot reverence and : devotion. You passed hrr in the street, and ? were reminded of the Madopnj looking doivn , upon poor sinners wltn pitying eyes. Hit : it was ODly a mortal m&iaen; after all, wuo ) could not be blind to your admiring glance, , nor deal to the whispers tn&t; foilovrca her, : It was cot wocdeifaj. then, that 6 ha had : ltLiigiLid. btrstlf singled out to watch Over ': tte cTbtirjies if otbers, and guide theia safely I alcrg ;hc d-.rgcrous path ot life. The dream I »ss ever cow; atd &s; her head sank biuk 1 r.p aip on KslpL's breast the felt tlial she had | lest it tot t\nr. \ H.-r tilf r ce {.leased bim bstter tban speech. J Be stroked her soft h&ir; wiih 6 £»ntle toacb, and n.urrDUtc;d fond cotbiQgs lato the en chanted cars. The rest if that d&y; glided e^vbj in drecmy bljsa. | Od Bleue'sj' moraicg there wzs not a single Ti.cii.btr of Mr. Me&rie;'s fijek who cou'd ra fiain from d»cussirg hydia. snd her lover. Even David, determined to break an unnatural Bilecce, made one or two commonplase re marks which loosened the toagucs of bis piicLts. He was getting over it, they thtupbt, if ic could sppak so calmly of Mr. Uerrrinptck'E appearance in cSa^ei on .Sunday evening. ' 1 woneJcr wbo he Is ':' said SI--S. B-rrrick, Htr cui iosity was fated to ba saristied. before tt-»t dr.v had closed in. The Wins bad dreamed all night of the rrjat£riou5 ttr&tger;, and talked cf him thiougli the rooming in the interval that cevfid bn srbtuhed from baainsss. Jemima a-?ni:r £ him tcrely against her will, and can it r.»t.ii to ihe belief tha; he Wd3 a gentleman. 'Such igcoranco is paiafal to mo,' said Petir, with his lofty air. ?? / could ace what he wr.s £-t a claccc' 'What is he then?' aikid fcu suier CBgtTly. 'Why, nothing but a fraudulent London clerk. lnerewastmbczzlementi?g!b!i priated all over bis deceitful countenance. I never t&w; srvthicg plainer, and you will admit that 1 havB seen a deal ot life.' 'WUt a bumbling lesson for Lydia, if he turns cut to be a rascal,' said Jsiaiuia, with grim satisfaction. ' Such is fr- quently the end of pride end vs:rglc;yiBa,T'ri jsinea P.ter, improving the ccc&iici;'. ' She despised the lo*ly merabcts of Sion ; br.t they will yet laugh hor to acorp. Ste tab looked down upon rue, Jemima ; but I fear ntt, my torn shall yet be esaked.' 'I thought it waa ocly women who could wear horts ;:- said Miss Wix, with some hazy recollections of Eastern costumes gathered from missionary publications, 'But men may have horns too ; I am sure of it,' replied lVter, in a tone ot authority. 'Do cot pretend to be wiser than I ai, Jemima. Remember that I ani & profound EtudtLt of Scripture.' 'I know it, Peter ; I often wish your learn ing wes made useful to the worH. Mr. Me&de; is goicg down, you tee ; and thera may be a new chapel one day.' Peter, who was always building pulpits ia the air, went ofi into a delightful day-dream. It w&s; early in the afternoon : Uuc[c Small was dczing in the parlor, snd the shop was empty. Customers seldom came &t; this hour, »nd his sister took her c&ia;, sitting on tte counter acd swinging her feet — a trick ecquited in girlhood, and unconsciously re tsicrd iro maturer jesr». Suddenly tbe dourway was darkened by two Enures ; Jemima, in dismay, jumped do«D from her peich with ablush and a litilo abriek. 'Mercy on h», Peter!' shs cried. 'l{ here uii't Mrs. D»abe and Mr. Higgle ; and I've been rucking an 'orrible display of my eldest boots ;'' '? We ought to think of our souls, Jemima, not of our boots,'1 said Mrs X-rako, aivanc icg with a solemn air, in perfect ignorance of tbe fact that she had just mide a pan, ' When you have hoard what we've eitne to tell jou, my dear, ycu will lift up your voice acd weep for Sim Chapel !'' 'What is there to weep about?'' demanded a cheery tone in the rear. ' Take my advice, Miss Wix, and don't spoil your blight eyes for a trifle.' 'Ob, Mr. Hipglp» youVe alt-ay* in such good spirits,' said Jemima, wirh a giggle of satisfaction. If David Berriok failed her, she had iccretly ccrao to the conclusion that Mr, Higgle would do v«ry well. He was not a pious man ; but he was highlj genteel, being one ot tbe aetistanis in s f«?bionable hair dresser's shop in BoDdatreet. Bis tiitcr, Mrs. 1 rake, always spoke of him wi-.h a kind of sorrcwful pride. It was a aai pity, she eaid, that Au^ustut, wi'h his gifts and bis l;i|,b position -n the wyrlj, shuu d tara bis back upon religion : bat shs felt grc4t-ly hcLcred ^hen be came down Iroaitoifn to pej & \Hit to rier bumble hoai8. ' i)ou:c lie light, Gas ; pray don't be lishr-,' pleads d Mrs. Drake, ws-:U uplifted hands. 'Oh, Mr, Wis, dcu't look uoon mo *i!h Ibem earnf Et eyta ! Sion Canpei'n done f or— it's quite done w.~' ' Burnt down,' sni-i Peter, with an air of ECttltd coDvictioc. 'Ta»t comes cf Toainiy Tripp carrjing lucifcr matcbes ia hij pocket —it tver thrre was a child cf BelUl, it's taat ycurg fcoucdrd. Fire and briantons are his natural pl&yttings.; !': 'Ob, co ; it's not burnt iavp,' Mts. Dr»ka replied. ' I almost wond«r ic wasn'c, wtien that rconstcr was in it last night.' 'A rcotster?' echoed Jeiniai*, horrified. 'Where wash '!'' 'Bicht ucdes- your very coe, by Lydia Mesdt'a tide. The moment I t*.t eyes oa the n-sn I kiirw tbat there was somDthiDg bed in him. I felt a cold shudder creepinKOvermn.' 'You are too ridiculous, Beaky,' inter rupted Mr. Higgle. 'Who said there was atythiDg bad in him ? It amused me mightily to see bis face in your chspel. It'aaf&cethat; we, in Bcnd-etreet, know wall enough ; and manv's the time we have waited on him in our establishment. He's a pleasant-spoken gentleman, I aBsure you. ' A gentleman, i» be ?' said Mrs. Drake. ' To be sure he ia— a clergyman's son, I atn told. And for my part 1 don't see what there is to find fault with him or hia profession. Why, he's one of the swells of the day ; that little girl may think herself lucky to bs noticed by Ralph Norrington, the actor.' An actor 1 As the word left Mr. Higgle'* lips Jemima gave a shrill scream, and Peter brought his fiat down upon the counter with b. bscg test -hook the house. Di&f; &b; be was tbese sounds awakened uncle Small in tbe parlor. He sat up in the chair snd rubbed bis eyes. *? It's a fas explosion,' he muttered. 'Tiifm fools have been at their foal^ry. It's my opinion tbat all the goods is blown clean out into the street.' {To be continued) 