: !: CATHOLIC. THE ANNIVEKSARY OF THE DEATH OF AK0HBISHOP VAUGHAN. The stately and beautiful service in the Cathe dral on Tuesday last, with all its imposing grandeur and sublime impresaivenesB had a deeper and more tender significance than was expressed in the mere outward manifestations of sweet Christian rememberance. The whole scene even in its gloom was extraordinarily fine and strik ingly picturesque as a spectacle, but it was not as such that we regarded the Bolemn commemora tion, but rather as an unostentatious demonstra tion — equally gratifying and consoling— of Catho lic charity and Catholic piety— one' in which tho elements of Badneaa and melancholy were mingled with bright memories and fond recollec tions. The prevailing Bentiment or aiiect ion and gentle *remembranoe found full arid eloquent expression in the colemn offices of the Church . with all the attendant ceromoniea, and tho crowded Cathedral testified to the loving veneration in which the illustrioua Arch bishop's memory is held. The remains of the lamented Prelate roBt far away in England, whore he died twelve months ago, and this circumstance inoreaaod rather than lessened the pathetic interest in the oommemora« tion. In the order of the service on Tuesday everything was in keeping with the character of the commemoration and the exalted rank, of tho Archbishop, and while every caro waa taken to show honour and respect, there ., was . no ex travagence of any kind — nothing that was not in moat refined taste. As on the occasion of the Dirge and Bequiem, about the time of the Arch bishop's death, the Banctuary was hung with mourning draperies of black and white (arranged artistically, and oa the. tall columns immense im mortelle wreaths were fixed to relieve the monotony of colour. The High altar and reredos were covered with folds of dark cloth and crape, and the Archiepiscopal throne waa al most hidden by the sombre 'trappings of woe.' The catafalque was erected on the sanctuary and on account of its prominent position it could be seen from any part of the Cathedral. On it were placed the mitre, crozier, stole, and other orchi epiacopal insignia, and besides the vases of flowera on stands between the tall candles, there were a number of exquisitely beautiful wreaths and crosfieB,'1 including a lovely floral offering from the Benedictine Convent, Subiaco. Mr. P. T. Riley, of Eiley Brothers, whose good taste waB favourably mentioned; in our columns a year ago, had the work of draping the Cathedral again ontrueled to him ; and. all that is necessary to bo said now ia thut ho displayed the samo caro and skill as on tho previous occasion. Theboyoof tho Mavist Brothers' schools attached to St. Mary's and tho girls of the parochial schools, conducted by the Sisters of Charity, attended iu large numbers under tho care of their teachers, and the young ladies of St. Vincent'o 'Ladies' Collego, the Convent of the Immaculate Concep tion, Balmain, and tho Good Samaritan convent were also pn^ent. Sir Patrick Jenniijga, K.S.G., K.O.M.G., John Hughes, KS.G., Mr. Makiuaon, and other friends of the deceased prolate oocu pied places near the Banctuary. Tho Dirgo waa commencedfat half ?post nino, and the large assemblage of priests all attired in the Bimple yet becoming cassock and surplice, added to the impressiveness of the solemn Bcene. The Very Rev. Dr. Sheridan, Administrator, was the celebrant of the Mass, Father J. M. Garavel, the deacon ; and Father A. W. Petre, the sub-deacon. His Lordship the Right Rev. Dr. Murray, Bishop of Maitland, who was at tended by the Rev. John Ryan, S.J., of St. Ignatius' College, Riverview, presided on the epiatle side, and among the assembled clergy were the Venerable Arcbpriest Sheehy, O.S.B., the Venerable Archdeacon Rigney, the Very Rev. Dean O'Oonnell, O.S.B., the Very Rev. Dean Kenny, the Very Rev. Dean Hanley, the Very Rev. Dean Leonard, the Very Rev. Dean Flanagan, the Very Rev. Dean M'Oarthy, the Very Eev. Dean O'Brien, the Very Rav. Dean Murlay, the Very Rev. Dean Forde, the Very Rev. Dean Mahony, the Very Rov. D. F. Barry, O.S.B., Rector of St. John's College; the Very Rev. P. L. Dunne, O.S.F. ; the Very Rev. Pere Joly, S.M. ; Rev. D. P. Quirk, O.S.B., M.A. 5 Rev. H. B. Callachor, O.S.B., B. A. ; Rev. H. B.Carr, O.S.B 5 Rev. B. Athy, O.S.B. ; Rev. Edmund Butler, M.A., St. John's College ; Rev. Michael .Kelly, S.J. ; Rev. P. Le Rennetel, S.M. ; Rev. Father Ooue, S.M. ; Rev. Father Piquet, S.M. ; Rev. Father Tressalet, S.M. ; Rev. Father Giniaty, S.M. ; Rev. J. P. Hanrahan, O.S.F. - Kev. Father Hol land, O.S.F. ; Rov. Father Joyce, O.S.F. ; Rev. J. J. Carroll, Rev. W. J. Riordan, Rev. P. Young, Rev. D. M'Guinn, Rev. J. J. Garvey, Rev. D. M'Oarthy, Bev. J. Hayes, Rev. P. Hayes, Rev. P. M'Intyre, Rev. P. M. Ryan, Rev. M. H. Ryan, Rev. P. Ryan, Rev. M. E. O'Buen, Eev. Father Moynagh, Rev. C. F. P. Oollingridge, Rev. Father Patterson, Rev. T. O'Reilly, Rev. T. Keating, Rev. J. Collins, Rev. P. Oassidy, Rev. A. Ambrosoli, Rev. E. Walsh, Rev. E. Berry, Rev. James Mahouy. The Very Rev. Edmund Vaughan, O.SS.R., and two other Redemptorists, Rev.. Father O'Neill, C.8S.R., and Rev. Father Hegarty, O.SS.R., wore also present on the sanctuary. The Sisters of Charity, the Sisters of the Good Samaritan, and the Bisters of St. Joseph from the various city and suburban convents attended, special places being reserved in the Cathedral for them. During the Dirge the Rev. D. P. Quirk, M.A., O.S.B., and the Rev. H. B. Oallachor, B.A., O.S.B., were the cantors, and the Lessons were read by Fathers Quirk, Moynagh, J. J. Carroll, Callachor, P. M. Ryan, Garavol, Archprieat Sheehy, the Administrator, and the Bishop of Maitland. Fathers Quirk and Moynagh, of the Cathedral, had the general direction of the Office and ceremonies. For several weeks the united Catholic choirs had been practising Mozart's Requiem, and this great work was given with the desired effect. A band of accomplished musicians, led by Mr. W. Rice, had been engaged for the occasion, and their accurate and sympathetic playing gave the true character to the sadly beautiful strains running through the Requiem. Mr. F. J. Hallewell con ducted, and once or twice when he had to give all his attention to the bass solo parts, Mr. J. 0. Fisher took the baton. Mra. Riley'a voice sounded pure, full, and sweet, and the other soloists, Miss. Healy, Miss Stafford, Mr. D. F. Kelly, and Mr. HallewelL sustained their parts with credit. Mrs. P. 0. Curtis gave valuable assistance.; , At the Offertory Mr. Amery sang the 'Pro Peccatus' from RosBini'a Stabat Mater, and there was nothing in the whole service more deeply im pressive man urns gentleman s singing, ic was not so much the rich and perfectly trained voice as the thoroughly religious style of M. Amery's singing that stirred the hearts of the congrega tion and touched their sensibilities so tenderly. Mr. T. P. Banks, the Cathedral organist, was of great help to the singers throughout the mass. At the conclusion of the discourse by the Very Rev. D. F. Barry, O.S.B., Rector of St. John's College, absolution was pronounced by the Bishop of Maitland and the final ceremony over, the clergy in slow procession left the sanctuary, as the deep notes of the ' Dead March' came peal ing from the organ. Many of the congregation . remained after the service to say a few prayera for the repose of the soul of the late Archbishop, and not a few knelt at tho.foot of the catafalque. Father Barry'B address was delivered im mediately after mass. The preacher took for his text . ' In memonam roternam ont Justus —Book of Psalms. (' The just. man shall be in everlasting remembrance.') There is in the heart and mind of men a Btrong, a loving desire to prolong— to perpetuate their memories The sentiment springs . from the immortal portion of man's nature. All idea of deoay, dissolution, death, is so foroign, bo repugnant to the soul of man that this ' speracu lum vitas,' this divine breath, longs to throw its imponetrablelmantle over the frail figure it inhabits and make »t least the memory of its life on earth lauting and undying like itself. Pagan or Christian, it is a ' hope' that ' springs eternal in the human breast.' fC Non omnia morias,' I shall not all die, was the song of the poet ; tf I have wrought a work which time shall not destroy nor death devour.' It was the hymn of the saint aB he felt his soul bound to its home in the heavens and knew by the promises of God that his name Bhould be in ' everlasting remembrance.' There is an irresistible impulse in the soul of man to begin in some way, oven on earth, the undying existence he hopes for in the kingdom of heaven, and God recognizes that inspiration; whilst He holds out in denunciation to the wicked that their name and place shall know them no more. The Church of Christ reaches doep down into the nobleBt hopes and aspirations of the heart and soul of man— purifies nnd elevates them beyond his proudest and fondest expectations. When we recall the names of emperors, kings, and rulsro of this world, their memories are Hummed up in tho stanza of a poet : * Tho annals of tho human raco, ,, Their ruins sinco tho world begun, Of him afford no other traco v- Than this— thoro lived a man.' Bn.twhon X turn to the ohurch, and. daily mount tho altar, I know that from ten thousand altars, sur rounded by a 'multitude from every tongue and tribe and nation under heaven,' the pure. oblation ascends as an incense of praise in honour of her saints, and the promises of her God are realized. It is to realize as far as we can this promise of God to His just that we are here to-day ; and whilst we gaze uponthoBe emblems of decay and death we raise our thoughts beyond the sphere of their influence, and bid defiance to their grasp at the memory of him whom God gave us as a ' light to the nations,' .and declare that the ' light' shall not be extinguished by the breath of death nor its memory buried in the Bilenoe of the grave. We may not here enter into the de tails of the life of the illustrious Archbishop the anniversary or whose death we to-day solemnly and sadly commemorate, yet a rapid glance will show that from his earliest years to the day of hi3 death hiB was a life solely and entirely devoted to the service of his God. Sprung from a noble Catholic race, it was his privilege to have been surrounded at the most impressionable period of life by all that tends to implant and foster the love of God and religion in the heart. It was the untold blessing of Roger Vaughan to have had a mother to whose sterling and profound piety a father could point and say, 'Go to the oratory and watch thy mother at her prayers, and learn from her example how to love and serve thy God.' The lesson sank deep into his heart, and his life was the reflex of her virtues. A career of arms was the one destined for Roger Bede Vaughan, but God bad another mission for him, and he became a 'good soldier of Christ.' At the age of 20, in October, 1854, ho took the vows of poverty, chastity, and obedience in the Church of St. Gregory, Downside, England, giving his preference to the Benedictine Order, which constitutes the greatest and most extensive Order of tho Church, and which was started ., in the fifth century. The Benedictines for nearly 1000 years were to Europe what the rain is to the field, what the sun is to the flowor. In the sixth century they found England Pagan, and made her Christian, and covered her land with matchless structures. In April, 1857, Dr. Vaughan was raised to the priest hood and returned fromjRome to his monastery at Downside at the end of the year. In 1862, at the age of 28, be was elevated to the Priorship of a most important monastery— St. Michael's in Herefordshire, where he undertook his great work on St. Thomas of Aquin. On March 19, 1873, he was consecratod Coadjutor Archbishop of Sydney, and in giving his ideas of the exalted dignity to which he was raised he gave expression to very high and noble conceptions of the duties and responsibilities of such a high position. His reodel bishopB were the Basils, tho Gregories, the AthanaBiuaes, theGhrysostoms,the Augustines, from whose examples he derived a firmness of purpose that, Ambrose-like, knew how to rebuke the evil deeds or dishonest intentions of powers in high places ; and from them he learned a cour age that nothing could daunt. When judgment, criticism, shall have been mellowed by lapse of years the minds of men will class Dr. Vaughan amid the ranks of those great Christian bishops who were the admiration of his life and the models of his actions. With the reputation of a scholar, the simplicity of a monk, the renown of an orator, and the nobility of a gentleman, he landed on the Australian shores, and you know ,with what a salvo of joyous acclamations and greetings you welcomed him to the new sphere of his labour. It is yours also to confess hov» nobly, how bravely, he sustained his reputation and realized your fonde&t; expectations, and you remember how vigorously, how frankly, he at once sketched out the plan of his futuro opera tions, and the onergy and perseverance with which he accomplished his pur pose. But whatever influence he ambitioned in this colony, the glory i oi God and the' salvation of souls was the end to which he devoted such means as moral worth ' and intellectual ascendency could command. To a Christian bishop the glory of the house of God and the education of the young might well seem objects worthy his every sacrifice and his untiring zeal, and that they were so considered by Dr. Vaughan was manifested from the first day his foot touched Australian soil, from his first spoken words in the pro-cathedral. This St. Mary's was for him in a measure the embodiment; of religion, and tho Christian education of tho young the beBt field for the display of the caro and watchfulness of the flock whose 'lambs' especially had been entrusted to his zeal and solicitude. The nations of the earth in their own way are recog nizing tbe obligations, and making such provisions for thoir young as seemB best no fchoir light and wisdom. In the mode of ' training a child aB it should go,' the Church joins issue with the State, and time and experience must prove which of the reBpeotive systems is best adapted to the end sought to be obtained by both— the rearing up of moral, honest, intelligent citizens, without whom no nation can hope to become truly great truly prosperous. Dr. Vaughan left no stone un turned, no honest means were deemed too small aB aids to the worthy ends of St. Mary's Cathe dral and Christian education. Like an architect, the Archbishop viewed his plans, and worked them into combination ; and by these two great works bis memory will live in Australia — they are his ' footprints on the sands of time.' From an intimate aquaintance with Archbishop Vaughan, as from a knowledge of his works and writings, throo great religious traits manifest themselves / and form the cardinal pointB of his life. They are — a strong personal love of the Incarnate God, our Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ, an unflinching attachment to His Church, and a docile subjection to His vicar on. earth. In the ranks of the Bene dictine monks ho learnt to know and imbibe the ardent love of tho Incarnuto God, find to a similar iiifluotico in hia groat work lio attributed Lho superhuman love of tho groat St. Thomas for his Divino MaQter. His love of tho Church oi! Christ was a natural sequence to the love of ita Founder. Tho Catholic Church to her ehildrou is the voico, the living, unerring voico of Christ ; imd her chil dren, who love ChriBt as nono else lovo him, love tend.or.ly and bravely .His Church . A? a religious a priest, or an archbishop, the principal features in Dr. Vaughan's character were an ardent love of Christ, an unflinching attachment to His Church, and docile obedience to His vicar on earth. As a man, to know him was to love him. There was a grace in his manners, an amiable con descension in his conduct, a playfulness and ease in his conversation, that were very attractive, and behind these a strength and firmneBS of manhood that held what they had won. Whatever his faults, they must lie gently on his breast, for his powerful will and delicate sensibilities had re duced them to the minimum of ostentation. Twelve Bhort months Bince ho left us, to all appearance in bloom of manhood, and for the time we thought that the light of our eyes had gone with him. Alas, we little dreamt that its rays were never again to light up our path of life, and the news of his death flashing across the seas entered the hearb of this country like a flash of cold Bteel. The day arrived — the night came in which the big heart had to lay down its burden. Sow that feeble vital member toiled on here in your midst with such .men tal strain and almost incessant bodily labour; how it did not break: how he was not found dead in St. John's College instead of the halls of his relatives, is a mystery the key of which is in the hands of Him for whom he lived, toiled, and died. I need not remind you, my dear brethren, to remember Men in your prayers and chariby ; your obligations to him are too many and too acknowledged to 'need any other reminder. Tho annals of this colony will not fail to record with pride the name of a man whose splendid talents and noble character would shed a lustre on any kingdom or any people of the earth. This glorious temple, with which his memory is so coupled, will not cease to transmit from age to ago the name and merits' of its mag nificent prelate, who was the great promoter of its erection,the ligkt of its sanctuary, the dignity of its ceremonies , the glory of its pulpit, and the defender of its faith. Great servant of God, aoul of the 'just made perfect !' from thy earthly throne thou didst lift thy anointed hands to c all down God's blessing upon thy people ; lift up thy voice now before the throne of thy God, and pronounce once more those Bacrod words beneath whoBe holy influence on earth our heads were bowed and our hearts lightened : ' May the bless ing of Almighty God, the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, descend upon you and rest with you for ever. Amen.' The above is an outline of the able discourse which was 00 eloquently and impressively de livered. 