FOOTBALL- FOOTBALL COS81P!' '"?:» > ,M;'i Br Wiscmani'' '"» ' r- The first meeting of the prospnt soason Be tween the Molbourno and Carlton clubs took placo qn tbo; jnatropolitan1. cricket : ground on Saturday lost, and croatod a tremendous amount pf ntarost, which was made manifest by the oxeeaalvoly large altondanco ot spectators on the era mid. there being fully 13,000 prssont. In- sOQiod aA though tho interest folt iutho (jflhlc3t botweotf tho old rivals was growing more intense year by year, for never. on any former, occasion' of, the kind" was greater interest dis-. piayisd, by tjio . partisans, of both sides. Tho wearers of tho "blue and whito" were the favorites before the game . commenced, 6 to 4 being freoly. -laid. upon them,' although the odds wero as willingly accepted by tho followers of tho Molbourno representatives, tho latter being arid to havo, daring practice, exhibited first class all round' play.' Both teams comprised sdma df tho " how blood" of tbo football field, and Prcsonlod ' to the visitors many new faces, jvhilst sovotnl .familiar countenances were con- . Bpicious by their absence from the. ranks. Tho metropolitans, however, certainly bencfittod by - the . ro-organisation of their forces, and,:4 as the' result of the match- proved, were in avtiry conceivable department of tho gamo. tavsnperior to thoir adversaries, who throughout acqdittod themselves in a mannor 'which oven flno<l their iuost ardent partisans with disappoint- inBnt, and showed that they aro yet much want- Ing-in ofiiciahcy. . It was admitted on all sides that tho hfolbornne men nover previously played flS'hfilllaat a gamo and in such an unselfish man ner Prom theoutset thorough nnity waadiscorniblo inalt thoir movements, nnu the wayin which they pagsod tbo ball from . one to another was worthy of.Uio maay plaudits which .wero bestowed. It is net in the least bordering on exaggeration to say - thabat cortain stages of tho proceedings tho Oarftonians pouid not live with their opponents. Tho marking of the Molbourno men was hardly to 10 surpassod, whilst that of tho Cariton players wss' thoroughly bad. In point of speed and talUty the bine and reds wore also the masters ottho situation, and tomako along story short their play altogether was immensely superior to that of the Carlton men. The chief fanlt of the latter appoared to be a too strong desire on the part of each - man to ran with the ball- when -jboi-.waa closely aurroonded by opposing plapors, tho consequence. being that in nine esses hut of ton tbo Caritbnian was collared bofore ho ; viafl gono a fow. yards, and tho ball, taken from iilm and carried in the opposite direction; The Melbourne men,- on the contrary, trusted more to iorfg kicks than to gsnntlot running, and' these tentica without doubt served -them much bettor . In tho.und. It is usually a remarkable thing in iunior olnb matches that certain players ongogod herein. will, when there 1b hardly a possibility of ranging, endeavor to carry the ball forward by that system, bat from the members of a senior flrfb more , judicious conduct is expected. In Ibfs respoct, however, tho Carlton men generally ptaybtl'wltliont any judgment whatever, and as a natural consequence they suffered for their mis take; and it is to bo hoped tbat when they again mooter team as fast as tho Melbourne the wearers of Ore blue and white will not trust so greatly to tho "fanning game," which they.indnlged in too mqch last Satnrday." There c»n be no donbt that "the tatter did all in their power to win, but they nrojo unfortunate in meoting a team , of better players than thorn selves; and it is equally doubt less that the Carltonlans will at any time during thd asaaon boablo to extend the wonderfully lm- provsd metropolitans. Whan time was called the rimo stood Melbourne 3 goals 8 behinds ; Cariton gtrnla-lObehinds. For the winners the play of Jones, M'lntyre, M'Alistcr- and Tueklleld wob much admired, whilst Bloomfield, Baker, Heuncssy and Bailey porformed serviceable work for Cariton. .. ThoFitzroy team suffered defeat on Saturday, their conquorore being the over formidable South. Molbourno representatives, and tbo sccna of \- operations the South Melbourne cricket ground, ' Where tho visitors throw down tho gauntlot to thoir more experienced antagonists. Although tho.Pitiroy representatives wero reported to be Jatdy good - players, . tho result was generally looked forward to as u victory for the home team, whioh anticipation was not disappointed, as tho latter scored 2-goals to tbo visitors 1 ; tho latter, hotvovor, having 3 behinds more than their oppbnonta. The Fitzroy players' exhibited fairly Sood form throughout the contest, and gave in- ieations of soon rendering themselves more for- michiblotlian they now arc. Tbo lissondon on Saturday found no difficulty in boating tho South Yarn, the latter not having tbo ghost of a show ngainet tho wearers of tho scacletraad.blaek, who wore shooting for goals" 011 ,;,tho, . aftornoon. Tho result was that tho. .Ksaoridon at the conclusion of play were ' roditod - with no less than- S goals aod '28' behinds to their adversaries' goals 2 bshinds. This is what may properly bo torched oil ignominious defeat for the visitors from over the rivor, who seemed to bo greatly depressed when to . them it bccamo amply apparent that thoy wero overmatched. Tho winners played in their customary dashing style, but; although tho South Yorra men did their best thoir. play can't ho compared with that of the ISssondon. Tho 'VPivotonianB" as usual succeeded on Saturday I'd beating the South .Ballarat team, who jonrnoyoil to tho pleasantly situated Corlo crickot ground to try conclusions with tho local 'dons. For some time after tho commence ment ot play -it appeared as though tho combat was going to result in a -win for the "golden city' representatives, who for a time not only mauagod to hold their own with thoir oppononts, but also to place 2 goals to thcir-crodit boforo tbo Fivotonians 'scored. In tho last half, bow- ovor,' a 'wonderful change eame over the'soeno. Tlio'- bome playors were not to be denied, and played an uphill game in their usual determined tnanhor, tho outcoino' of whleh was that boforo Uie proocodings ended thoy hod scored. 7 goals audita behinds to the visiters', 4 goals and 4 liehindB, .M. a meeting of tho Victorian Football Association on the 9th inst. Messrs. P. O'Nell, 0, Houston, If. Banross, J. J. : Trait, W. E, Thomas, lx. Mitchell, W. K. Gnost and Tacke were appointed registered central umpires for the hssooiatioh. Bpiils.ontiio softest of football fields are not at aay time ploasant to those who haro tho mis- fort.no to got them, and therefore it is a very ucsirnblo thing that all grounds whereon tho Popular winter pastime is indulged in should, out of considoratlon for tbo bodily welfare of our lootballora, bo rendered as soft' and harmless as Peaslblo, It is thoroforo gratifying to hear that tho Molbourno football ground, which baslong been notorious for its intenso solidity, ' is abont to pndorgo at the bands of. the city counoil an improvement. At least ouch was the Intimation Woorved from Mr. Jos. Gorton at tho last meet- >ng dr. the Victorian Football Association, when that; geutlcman conveyed the. welcome intel ligence that tho ground ollndod to was to bo thoroughly ploughed and sowp with .grass. ' , 'bo »pnt , of punctuality which .is almost »TOisHy displayed in beginning football con-, testa has long been a subject ot annoyanco to . those who attend sach meetings, and on many occasions. Indeed, spoh . a .considerable waste, of timo.takoa. place before operations vnro begun, that spectators .with . good reason bocomo dis gusted. I am pleased therefore to hear that tho mattor was .exhaustively disousscd at &. meoting of the' association recently, whon a decision waa arrived' tit' that the contral -nmpiros' should rn : future -cemmoncd sit 'matches Bbarpfy at the appolutodtlmo, whether' tho opposing teams bo .ready ornot. . This determination will assuredly, 'meot with tlio entire approval of tho publio, who I may now visit football contests with perfect con- ;fidenco that the game 'will not bo unjustifiably - deloyod. , Tha first meeting of tho season between the Melbourne and Essendon clubs takes placo this afternoon on tbo East Melbourne orloket ground, which, providing that tho eloments are propitious, will bo densely thronged with spectators. -Kinco tha cemmonccmont of tho present football campaign neither of these clubs have suffered' defeat, and as they haro both exhibited marked brilliancy in' tboir play a. really interesting strngglo should bo tho result. Tbo manner in which tbe Melbourne men acquitted themselves against Oarltoh cm 8atnrdsy last proved that it will be no oosy task to beat them- during the season, and as tho Essendon have also as yet ut>; pearad unconquerable, tho encounter between theao two redoubtable teams should ba a great ono. On tho Melbourne crickot ground the Carlton and Sonth Melbourne teams will try conclusions, with each other: and as both clubs will bring their fullest available strength into requisition an appreciable Combat ehoSId take place. ' The Fitzroy representatives proceed, to Geelong to-day, where thoy are to meet the lecal playera on tho Corio cricket ground. It is not to bo ex pected that tho visitors will prove- victorious, althongb they will probably render a good account of thomselvos. 