LOST HAROLD. They were both in the crowded court buBband sod wife — and the eyes of the spectators wandered from one to the other as the great lawyers unfolded the story committed to their care. Etbel Bransom, the young wife, deeply veiled, sat by her friends, every nerve quivering, every heartstiing stretched, for on the decision of the jndge that day rested all the happiness that was left to her in life. She was a wife now in name only, for the legal separation she had claimed had been granted her. The handsome man yonder, whose beautiful dark eyes ever and anon rested npon Ethel Bransom with a look half of reproach, half of menace, had, in one of bis fits of wild nnrest, broken away from all home ties, plunged, into a cereer of reckless dissipation, and retained after a time, contrite and abashed, to fling him self at his wife's feet and claim her for giveness. Ethel Bransom was proud, and the desertion of her husband stung her to the quick. Her wrongs were common gossip. In his msd folly Harold Bran som bad made no effort at concealment. The proud yonng beauty he had married found herself pitied and condoled with by every chattering busybody who bad heard of ber husband's escapade. People said that Harold Bransom mast be mad ; the old acquaintances pntting this and that together remembered that he was given to sadden attacks of reck lessness in the old time before he was married. In his bachelor days he bad been known to break ont into fits of riotous living which wonld cease as sud denly as they had come npon him. It was during one of these extraordinary attacks of recklessness — a feverish and sudden desire for excitement wonld be the best description of the disease — that Harold Bransom bad made himself the hero of a scandal The pride of the out raged wife might have yielded to the dictates of the old love bad her family not insisted that she should demand a judicial separation. From the moment that his wife refused his impassioned appeal for forgiveness, Harold Bransom's heart hardened towardsher. He threatened her with the direst vengeance, and his strange wild waye convinced her friends that he was liable to fits of men tal aberration. Ethel was frightened — frightened not only for herself bnt for ber twin children, little Ethel and Harold. In the first shock of her terrible grief ehe had clasped her beautiful babies to her breaBt and thanked God that, though her girl hood's idol was shattered. He had given her these little ones to fling their tiny arms about her neck, and to press their little lips to hers in love. When the calm words of the law had set aside the lovers' vows whispered at God's altar in the happy long ago, and the wife's prayer for a judicial separation had been granted, it was with her blue- eyed, fair-haired babies clasped to her - breast that Ethel Bransom wept the hot tears that fell upoD the grave of a buried love. And now her craven lord wonld snatch one of them from her. An interim order had been made that the wife sbonld have the custody of the children. The hus- band claimed one — the boy. To-day husband and wife meet again, and the eyes of the crowded court are fixed npon them. They come here to-day to fight with the law for their children. The counsel on either side have had their say, and it now rests with the grave judge to decide their fate. Shall the children be separated ? Ethel Bran som's motherly heart almost stands still in an agony of suspense as Justice pre pares to prononnce her children's fate. She sees her beautiful boy torn from her clasp, to grow np far from her loving care — perhaps taught to hate her. Harold Bransom's eyes are fixed npon the judge. He, too, awaits the verdict with an anxious heart. Let his boy — his bright- eyed Harold — be his, and there would be some link yet to bind him to the dear dead romance of his short union with the woman be loved so dearly once, and whose love, in a mad hour of folly, he sacrificed for ever. He does not love her now. He has crushed all tender feeling out of his heart She and hers have conspired together to make him an outcast. They have robbed him of his children ; tbey wonld drive him forth wifeless, childless, and alone, as though he were a brute, dead to every iustinct of humanity. 'They are my children,' he cried aloud in his rage ; ' they are my flesh and my blood ; lwill not lose tbem both. The boy at least shall be mine if there is justice in the land. The law will not brand me as a wretch too loathsome to tonch his own children. I will claim them from the law. That will be less heartless than the Woman who bore them to me.' The hour fatal to the hopes of one has come at last. Husband and wife now sit with bated breath, strained eyes, and palpitating hearts, listening to the words which the grave judge is speaking. They see what no one else can see. The crowded court ie empty of all but themselves and the judge and two fur- haired. blne-eved children Thav ana only little Ethel and little Harold. The judge has spoken. The doom of one victim is sealed. With a stifled cry, the anxions mother has fallen back into the loving arms of the grey-haired lady who aits by her. Ethel Bransom has fainted. The overstrung nerves have at length given way ; the ordeal is over, and in the last sudden strain the brave heart has failed. But the shock is one not of sorrow, but of joy. The court has confirmed the original order. The mother retains the custody of both her children. They are to grow np and live together, these blos soms clinging to the parent bough. Little Harold and little Ethel are not to he separated. Harold Bransom is child less. He, too, has heard the calm words that fell, in the stillness of the court, >cy drops npon his heart. He rises pale and passionless, and Bteals out As he stand fnr a mnmnnK in fha I great hall leading from the court, -Ethel comes tottering out, and passes hint .He «ndes after her to the outer door, and his dark eyes are fixed npon jier as the carnage whirls her away to the children she has won from him. She catches his .glance; and the look aunts her and troubWherfor days and lights afterwards. It was Ihelobkbf a who says, 'BeSrne! ItTSs'jrbnr onr , triumph now, hid imps wfll come. i At home, Etbel Bransom knelt in the pretty nursery where her two babies lay dozing, while the afternoon sunshine crowned their little heads with a nlmbns of gold. The children tired of their play lay face to face, Ethel's arms about her brother's neck, his cheek bo close to hers that the pressure caused the same roseate flush upon the face of each sleeping babe. Ethel BranBom fell npon ber knees beside the little bed, and thanked God for his mercy. Only from that hour, because ehe had been in peril of losing him, the boy became the dearer to the mother's heart. The years went on, and there was nothing to disturb the even tenor of Ethel Bransom's quiet life. She was wealthy, and all that money could bay she gave her children. The fortune she had brought to her hnsband was hers alone. After the failure of his action ior cue cuscoay or nis cuna, ne renounced everything, and left England. She had heaid from his solicitors that be was abroad, and now and again a faint rnmonr from afar off reached her about him. He had been seen at Baden, and Ems, at Hombnrg, and at Monaco. He was leading a wild, reckless life, gambling and drinking to drown care, some said — to kill himself and end a life that was burthensome to him, others said. Ethel Bransom heard what gossip said, and her heart beat no quicker when her hneband's name was mentioned. She had bnried the dead love too deep for its ghost to haunt her. Harold Bransom was to her a memory, and nothing more. Her heart was given wholly to her child ren, and, as they grew from pretty babies into charming children, she found all her pleasures and all her happiness in listen ing to their innocent prattle, and in watching their pretty ways. Three years had gone by, and Harold and Ethel were five years old, when saddenlv, and without warning, a terrible misfortune burst upon the little house hold. One fine spring morning the children went ont as usual to the park with their nurse. Mrs. BranBom stood in the window to watch them off, and her mother's heart was prond as her bonny boy kissed his little hand to her, and gaily cried, Ta-ta !' She watched the nurse and the child ren till tbey tamed the corner of the street. The last she saw of them was little Harold still waving his hand to mamma. In less than two hoars the nnrse was back with a white face, and a terrible tale to tell Little Harold was lost 1 With tears and sobs the frightened girl told her etory. She had been talking with a strange girl in the park — a nurae- girl who sat on the same seat as her. Miss Etbel remained by her, bat Master Harold was playing round the trunk of one of the great trees behind her. Presently she tuned round to call him, bnt he did not come. Alarmed, she ran abont, and searched every wnere ; ane questioned all the people about and the park-keepers — no one bad noticed the child. Then she had come home. Ethel Bransom was like a madwoman. Her calm nature was roused to frenzy as the glossy surface of a peaceful lake is roused into huge billows by the whirlwind. She raved at the girl and wrung her hands; she moaned and cried ont that she was robbed of her child — that it was all a cruel plot, and that the girl was in it, and then she flung on her bonnet and rushed out half-distracted, to the park herself; calling the child by name, now here, now there, and wringing her hands till a crowd came about, and, gently but firmly, friends forced her away. For a time her reason trembled in the balance, and ehe lay at death's door with- brain fever. She recovered, only to be told that there was no news of her idolised boy. — that from the hoar he disappeared av trace of him conld be found. Rewards were offered, the police were employed, a description of the child was advertised, but all in vain. From the fatal day when he kissed his little hand to his mother, and bade her ' Ta-ta !' Harold Bransom was seen no more. She saspected the father, but the father was traced. Neither money nor expense was spared, and the gentleman named Harold Bransom was found to have been at Ems. He was staying at the Hotel Darmstadt on the day the child disappeared. The agent sent ont to make inquiries saw the name in the book; and against it the date of Mr. Bransom's departure and his destination — Vienna AH the workhouses, all the low lodging-houses, were searched, but little Harold was not to be found. The 'to ward was increased, and thoogh many came with mysterious tales of children they had eeeo, there were none whose story on investigation pointed to the misting child. The years passed on, and time did its best to heal the terrible wound ; but the heart of the bereaved mother was buried in the past. She straggled with her iivcu iur ciuitiio a&Ke; 1 QQH as Ethel grew up she .knew only a quiet,, gentle mother, who kissed her morning and night, and on whose beautiful face sorrow had Bet its indelible stamp. The child grew into a beautiful girl, but she knew and saw little of the outer world. Mrs. Bransom went nowhere, and saw no company, and Ethel was her motfaerfa none. Except when she was with her governess and her masters ahe rarely left her mother's tida Mis. Bransom's health was never good after the illness which resulted from, the mysterious disappearance of her beloved boy. She -would brood far home over bis fate, and wohder whether her golden- haired Harold Was alive or dead. She would eteal up into Ahe , little nmsety, mow a sacred - (ample . of the past, and; Anttinghersetfro, would fall upon ber knees by the little Kedthathtood 'then still, and cob out her sorrows to -the ear ofGod.- She wnnM Mr. from (he'-shtiver the folia toya tiiat his baby hands had-pfayed with, andkiss ihemlpssaofiaStiy, Joehi£illhdpe' the -years went bp, and midai ap jief inibd noinbreon ' this iKde ofjtiijS grave.' " his HMwkiiiitiik' i fffrffiMBjMgft'Ml not heard of Mm/and hhe htelaot'Ironbled TMsiaBtgrief badBweptalla, vf woe- alive, or «hn wield have heardfrom : ' 'v- : his solicitors if he were dead. Gossip had ceased to come near her, and she never heard his name. At one time ehe had connected him with the disappearance of her child; bnt when be had been traced and it was fonnd he was abroad at the time, she abandoned the idea. Her child mnst have been stolen by tramps or bad characters, people who had never beard of the rewards offered, and perhaps now Harold was an outcast, a miserable lad, leading some dreadful life. She shuddered to think of it, and hoped rather that he might be asleep under the sheltering turf. It was all a mystery — all eo strange and wonderful that, if she thought too much about it, she would gc mad. So she tried not to think ; she gave herself np more and more to Ethel She was grateful for her daughter's love, and that was the only blessing left to her. When Ethel was seventeen the girl be gan to droop, and the poor mother had fnwli fifttifiA fur She called in a physician, and hie words were plain and to the point. ' Tour daughter must have change and society ; she mnst go abroad; this quiet, dull, monotonous indoor life is bad for her. She is drooping, and may fall into confirmed ill-health if a remedy is not sought at once.' Mrs. Bransom beard the doctor's words with dismay. She conld not travel and go abroad — to whom oonld ehe confide her child! Mrs. Bransom's aunt, old Lady Masham came to the rescue. She had long worried her niece about Ethel ; and di rectly she heard from the physician, who was also her own adviser, what was wrong, she insisted npon taking charge of Etbel herself She was abont to go abroad for the winter — tile would take Ethel with her. Mrs. Bransom consented gratefully. -She was loth to part with her child, but the recognised the necessity. That winter Ethel went to Italy, and Mrs. Bransom was alone with her sorrow. 'My dear, he's a charming young man !' Yes, anntie dear, I like him very mncb.' The speakers were Ethel Bransom and her great-aunt. The . whole English colony in Rome was ringing with the fame of the young Brazilian, Count D'Antas, who had just flashed like a new Btarinto the Roman firmament. The young man had met Ethel at several houses, for the old lady was de termined that when the girl was with her ehe should have as much change as possible, and in her heart of hearts she cherished a scheme of making a brilliant match for her Ethel into the bargain. 'The poor child will get no change when she's shut np with her mother,' said the old lady ; and so we must make hay while the sun shines.' Young Count D'Antas was remarkably polite to Lady Maabam, and she took an early opportunity of cross-examining him. With charming frankness he told ber how he bad miM t/i gnmnn In Innt fni> & vifn He talked splendid English, and when Lady Masham asked him where he learnt it, he lsnghed. Why, I am an Englishman, I believe,' he said ; ' at any rate my father is one. Our title was conferred on us by the Emperor with an estate which my father bonght He went to Brazil when I was very yonng ; I cannot remember it. He hod some great trouble, I believe, aud Europe was hateful to him. He went into business there, and bought land, and at last made an enormous fortune out of some mines which be purchased. The Emperor made him a noble, and now he is Count D'Antas ; bathe is an English man.' And your mother! fa ehe an English IadyF ' She was,' answered the yonng Count ; 'but ehe died before my father went to Brazil' < And so yon are looking for a wife f ' ' Yes ; an English girl' said the young man with a pleasant smile. ' My father wishes me to marry. He has an idea it will keep me steady. He wants me to settle down with him, and he thinks, if I marry and take my wife to Brazil, I shall not want to wander away over the world and leave him.' But you are very yonng.' Ah ! we marry yonng in BraziL We are old very soon oat there. Bat hark; the waltz is commencing, and I am en gaged to Miss Bransom.' Lady Masham looked after the young conple as they whirled past her amid the crowd of dancers. 'Dear me,' eaid the old lady; 'one wonld think they were cut ont for each other. There fa almost a resemblance in their features. I thought he wasn't dark enohgh for a born Brazilian.' Old Lady Masham sang the yonng Count's praise to Ethel bnt Ethel was only lukewarm. 'Oh, I like him very much,' she said. 'Bnt Bupposehe should ask yon to be his wife !' Ethel flushed crimson. ' I have not thought about it, she murmured ; ' but I do not think he cares for me.' Ethel had, however, made a great im pression on tne yonng Count, an impres sion which be could not understand. It was hardly love,, and yet it was affection. ' Fm never so happy as when Tm with Miss Bransom,' he said to himself; 'and yet I ieel as though I should like her for a sister better than a wife.' Hie days went on, and the time came for Lady Maabam to return to Eng. land. The day before the departure young Count D'Antas called at their hotel to bid them .farewell 'My father is coming to Europe,' he said. ' I expect him ' in Rome daily. We shall be in England very shortly. May £ bring him with me and introduce Mtnlo youT - , - Ltdy Masham was delighted to think that theacqnalntance wonld -be renewed under each promising circumstances, and .yooag onoiuo a curuiat Invitation to her bouse. Atrs. . Bransom heard all .- about the conquest Ethel-had made, but ehe only sighed, for ehe' thought that the time was coming iwhen she would- be .ririldfata in- deed. , Ethel leant her head npon her mother's breast, and whispered that ann tie was wrong ; that ehe was sore the yonng Count was not in love with Iter, and that ehe Rid not fool .that yhe could ever many Mnmn&WelOiE;&Mni.;" ' '4?X-ZJ 18 The spring had come round, and brought with it the anniversary of the fatal day on which Mrs. Bransom saw her darling boy for the last time. It was on the morning of that dsy that Lady Masham received a note to say that yonng D'Antas and his father were in town, and that they would have the pleasure of calling upon Lady Masham that afternoon. The young Brazilian's note concluded with a hope that he shonld have the pleasure of meet ing Miss Bransom. Lady Masham came round to Ethel, and insisted that her mother shonld come to her house too. ' My dear,' she exclaimed, ' it will do you all the good In the world, and besides you ought to see these people. Really, for Ethti's sake, you ought to rouse your self from this lethargy.' At last Mrs. Bransom consented, and went back in the carriage with her aunt and her daugh ter. .Bbe was anxious about Ethel's fhtnra— inwinnR thflt when ehe was married it should be to a man worthy of her. Her own terrible story Bhehadhidden from her child ; but she prayed God that no such misery ought ever be here. That afternoon Count D'Antas, the wealthy Brazilian, gave himself np to his son's guidance. The yonng man had told his father abont the beantifal English girl he had met in Rome, but he had not told him her name. When his father questioned him, be said, ' I will let you see her.' The young man delighted in romance. Hia father, devotedly attached to him, yielded to his every whim. The Count was a man whose face bore traces of some old trouble. He had not passed through the storms of life without damage. It was a pale, grave face, with beantifal dark eyes, but it was the face of a man whose past had not heen a happy one. ' Then yon won't tell me yonr charmer's name, or whither we are going !' said the Count, laughing, as he sat back in the brougham by his eon's side. ' No, dad. You shall tell me what you think of her firet.' The brougham whirled them along through the London streets. The Connt gazed ont at the different places they passed, thinking of all that had happened Bince last he was in the mighty Babylon. Presently the carriage stopped, and the Brazilians alighted at Lady Masham's door. The young man handed his card and his father's to the servant, who showed them to the drawing-room, where Ethel aod her mother and Lady Masham were Beated. The yonng Count entered firat, closely followed by his father. Lady Masham rose to greet them. As she did so the elder Brazilian gave a hoarse cry and started back. Mrs. Bransom, who had risen to greet him, bad sunk beck in ber chair, her face deadly pale. In a moment Lidy Masham too had seen the canse of this mutual trouble. Count D'Antas was her niece's has- band, Harold Bransom. Ere ehe conld speak, ere she conld think, Mrs. Bransom, pale and trembling, her eyes fixed as on aghoBt. bad stolen across the room and seized young D'Antas by the arm. ' If he is your father,' ehe gasped ; and. then, with a wild cry of recognition, ehe flung her arms round the young man's neck, and exclaiming ' Harold — my son !' slipped fainting into the outstretched arms of her husband. The strange story bad to be told. Ethel knew then why she telt a sisterly love for the young Brazilian Connt, aod be understood why he had felt as a brother to her. They were sister and brother, whose lives had been strangely separated only to unite as strangely again. Harold Bransom's wife opened her eyes once more in his arms. The joy of tbe sadden restoration of the boy ehe had monrned as dead dispelled the mist of years as the hot sno breaks through the mists of morning, and reveals the verdant, smiling earth. In that hoar of strange meetings poet memories seemed hallowed. ' Ethel' aaid the Count, I am a changed man. Can you forgive me now ! I cannot spare Harold after all these years. I plotted aod planned till he was mine, for I was determined that he shonld be. My valet stayed at my hotel in my name, while I came to London, for I knew enquiries would be made at once. I watched tbe boy day after day, and when the opportunity came I stole my own child. But I feared the law wonld make me restore him, that yoo wonld track me down, and so I fled with him to a far-off land, and there I settled; and commenced to built up for my boo that fortune which to-day makes me a noble of BraziL' Mrs Bransom forgot all save that her son was restored to her, and soon the heart of the handsome fad warmed to the woman who had loved him so dis tractedly and lost him so cruelly in the days which had faded from Ms memory. He had found a sister and mother. Must a family so etraogely united be forced apart again ! ' In Rio I have a beantifal home,' said the Count. In Rio no one knows our etoty. There you and I and Harold can uve togetner. istnei truBt me ! 1 have bitterly repented the past Let the scene of our life's history dose here, and a new one begin — the happiest and brightest in our strange life drama.' She is not old yet; and there are many years of life before her perhaps. U God had not willed it thns, would He have- brought them together again! Harold's mother listens to the voice of the old love. She looks up into the face where first her girlish eyes read of love, and wbispera, ' For the children's sake — Harold — yes.' 'For -the children's sake,' he murmurs in reply. 'God bless yon, Ethel f And Lady Masham looks across to the window where Harold and Ethel are talk ing earnestly, andmurmure, 'Audi haven't found a hnsband for yon, after all, Ethel.' ' My dear auntie, answers Etbel, taking Harold's hand, and raising it to her lipa witha merry laugh,-'! told youl should tike him as a brother best.' 