THE BANQUET IN THE EVENING-. Tho banquet was held this year in the new Masonic Hall, in Castleraagh-stroot. Tho hon. secretaries and tho gentlemen of fie committee wenb to no end of trouble making arrangements and preparations bo thab the affair would be a credit fco the Irishmen of tho city, and an honour to bhe city itself, and it h sma'l but woll-deBorved praise to say that their efforts were in bhe highest sense successful, for the assembly wan, perhaps, the finest and moot representative and tho most genial that had been brought together on St. Patrick's Night for etcr bo many years. In number, the company amounted to abouttwo hun dred, and tho usual brilliancy of the banquet sceno Y7sis improved and heightened by the pre* sonco of a number cf fashionably dressed Lidiea in the gallery. The decora! ions wore appropriate and in good taste, and of course tlio old (tag had the pride of placu among tho festive bunting. Mr. .T. P. Gk'ivan, M'.L.A., the chairman of tho last banquet, again j.ivtrided, and on his right hand were John Hardie, Esq., Mayor of Sydney, Mr. Henry Copoknd, M.L.A., Mr. Thomas Dull on, M.L.A., and olhur gentlemen. On tho chairman's left s;it the KTon. G. R. Dibbs, Colonial Treasurer, tho Hon. Sir John Robertson, K.C.M.G., M.L.A., Sir Pauick Jennings, K.C.M.G., K.S.G., M.L.A., Mr. Loughnan, M.L.A., Mr. Digby, and Mr. J. G. O'Connor. Mr. T. C. O'Maro/M.L.A., Mr. W. T. Coonan, M.L.A., Dr. W. B. Goodo, E.N., and Mr. John Toohey filled the vice-chain? ; and among the company were Alderman R. Butcher, M.I',A., Mayor of Woollahra, Mr. J. B. Olliffe, M.L.A., Mr. H. Levion, M.L.A,, Aldermun J. D. Young, Alderman Hart, Alderman, P. M'Mahon, J.P., Alderman T. J. Murray, M.r. W. 1\ lights, J.P., Mr. F. J. Gov/, J I\, Richmond, Mr. P. Sl.oridan, J.P., Mr. Kirby, J.P., Mr. E. F. Flunogun, Mr.T. A. Matthews, Mr. F, B. Freehill, M.A., Mr. F. J. M'Cavthy, M.A , Mr. C. Uogl lui, M.A., Captain Bjrnee, Mr. Patrick Hogan, J.Jf., Mr. J. W. Walahe, Irish National League repre sentative ; Mr. R. E. O'Connor, Mr. Thomas B itler (tho Freeman's Journal), Mr. J. F. Hughe/', Mr. Higt'ins. Mr. K. Atkinson Piice, Mr. E. J. iiubio, Mr. Quinlan, Dr. F itzpairick, D«. Clune, Dr. Power, Mr. J. J. Sprusori, Mr. J. M'Evoy, Mr. J. Hunt, Mr. F. J. liihy, Mr. Walsh, Mr. A. iduene-rbtiu, Mr. Hennessey (City Architect Office) , Mr. T. Fox, Mr. J. D. Fitzgerald, Mr. Wheale, Mr. J. Thompson, Mr. J. Boland, Mr. J. Callaghan, Mr. P. Kirby, Mr. P. R. Larkin, Mr. T. Kearej, Mr. L. Foley, Mr. O'Neill, Mr. James Hinchy, Mr.T. P. Bankf, Mr. F. J. Hallewell, Mr, E. Dunford, Mr. B. M'Bride, Mr. Lawless, Mi . Frank Coffee, Mr. W. J. Hickey, Mr 'W. Plunkott, Mr Ellard, Mr Coonan, senior, Mr. Butcher, Mr. J. Ryan, Mr. Donohue. The stewards, Mr. P. Sheridan, Mr. E. O'Farrell, Mr. F. B. Freehill, Mr. Henry Daly, Mr. J. Baxter, Captain Punch, Mr. A. larrell, Dr. T. B. Clune, Mr. Robert Sheridan, and Mr. J. G. O'Connor, had prominent positions, and the hon. secretaries, Mr. J. G. O'Byan, Mr. C. Moore, and Mr. F. J. Hi ley, were easily dis tinguished by their activity and attention. The stewards and secretaries arranged everything bo well and bo pleasantly that tbo proceedings ' pasued oft without a hitch or an inconvenience o£ any kind, and Messrs. O'Ryan, Mocro, and Rilor, upon whom the burden of the work fell, are entitled to special complimentary notico. An orchestra half hidden by the ilago on the stage supplied music of a very agreoab'e kind, for the most past Irish melodies, and tbo whole gather ing v/as singularly good humoured and orderly. Tho banquet vraa prepared by tho Oompagnoni Catering Company in a manner that gave general satisfaction, and tho waiting was all thab could be desired. Shortly af it r 9 o'clock bhe speech rraking commenced. Mr. Garvan announced that apologies for non attendance had been received from the Hon. A. Stuart, Premier ; the Hon. E. Barton, tho Hon. F. A. W right, Ministor for Works ; his Honor Judge Faucett, his Honor Judge Innes, hiB Honor Judge Windoyer, and Mr. J. M. Toohey, who was absent through illness. Bis Honor Mr. Justice Faucett, who is such a regular abbendant ab tho St. Patrick's night banquets, wrote atating that a special engagement for the evening had deprived him of the pleasure of being present. Among tho apologies received wa3 a letter frpm Mr. T. Curran, Wynyard-square, one of the hon. treasurers, stating that in consequence of tho death of his mother, nev/3 of which ho received that morning, ho could not attend. Tho chairman then in a fow pithy sentences proposed the first toast on tho list, ' tho Queen,' following with ' the Prince of Wales and tho Eoyal Family,' and ' hia Excellency tho Gover nor,' all of which were v.-ell received. Tho chairman regrottod the Governor's absence, for he was sure ml present would have givon him a cordial welcome in a distinguished Irish gentle man. Tho chairman thon roso amid loud and pro longod cheering to propose tho toaot of tho ovening, ' tho Day we Oolobrabe.' Mr. Garvan, addressing the company, said : — Gentlemen, — In. submitting to you tho toast of 'Tho day wo celebrate,' I fool how much I fall short of the qualities requisite to tho responsibi lity I havo undertaken. (No, no.) In fact, I cannot but think that tho gonllomon who honoured * me by inviting mo bo preside bhis evening were do imbued with tho spirit oi! tho artist, that they considered thab tho brilliancy oi! the speeches to be made by the various orators thio evening would stand out in boldor relief, and with greater effect under the prosidoncy of an, ordinary matterof fact land of chairman, who io especially lacking in tho poetic qualities and graces of speech that should more fittingly adorn tho position I occupy to-night. (No, no, and cheers.) And great aa aro my natural disqualifications for tho position, I must crave your special indulgonco this ovening, for instoad of coming to tho post, in sporl» ing parlance fit as a fiddle, I regret to gay I o^m onfcirely out; of condibion. I have not boon well for somo days past, and it caused me considerable anxiety lest, after promis ing, I should bo unablo to preside this evening. But I deemed it a sacred duty to come, even if I were only able to submit to you the toast without any effort at a speech. (Choera.) For, gontle men, it requires no powers of oratory to proclaim to the world that tho object of ouv meeting is the noblest and holiest. (Cheers.) 'Tia to keep alive the spirit of true patriotism— the undying love of country — a thome that in all ages and in every clime hao won tributes of praise from tho greatest minds of every nation. (Oheero.) Politico r.s well as polemics have never found a home at any of these annual gatherings, for no matter whether you be Whig or Tory, Liberal or Conservative, supporter of Government or of Opposition, your susceptibilities will no!; be offended hero to-night. (Ghreafc applause.) And as for matters theological — Come, send rouna tlie wiuo, ami leave points of belief To simpleton seises aud reasoning fools ; This moment's a flower too fair and sweet To bo withered and stained by the dust of the schools. Your glass may bo purple, and mine may be blue. But siuce they arc filled from the same- bright bowl, The fooljwho would quarrel for difference of hue Deserves not tho comfort they shod o'er the soul. (Oheera.) Need I any that those few lines from our immortal Tom Moore apeak the aontimento, not alone lip-uttered, but heartfelt, of the groat majority of Irishmen and their descendants in New South Walo3 ? (Choera.) Before a meeting guch as this, representative in the numbers, the position, and the character of those gathered at this feative board, the mere mention of illuotrious names known to every reader of Irish hiotory — names known to every Irishman from Dublin to Connemara, from Cork to Donegal — raiaoo up a hallowed form whoso every act and aspiration during life are now as gospels guiding their countrymen. (Cheers.) Whatever may be the Irishman's faults of character no one can justly accuse him of ingratitude to thoae who devoted themselves to tho cause of their country. Mention any one of the long list of gallant names associ ated with the struggles for Irish freedom, mention any ono of them to the humblest peasant in his cot, to the work-man at his labour, and you will be greeted with a blessing. Par dearer the grave or the prison Illumined by one patriot naino Than the trophies of all who have risen On liberty's ruins to fame. (Oheers.) If to-night I wore to take but one name from the long and lustrous roll of great Irishmen, Grattan, Cm-ran, or O'Oonnell (great cheering), Wolf a Tone, or Robert Emmet, Biehard Brinsby Sheridan, or the great Edmund Burke (continued cheering), Tom Moore, Davis, Clarence Siangan, or M'Gho— (cheers) — from any one of those, or seoivs more who now sleep with the silent dead, a mere recapitulation of the name, acts, and motives of his life would teach a lesson of wisdom and virtue. (Prolonged cheer ing.) It 13 at the graves of the silent dead, by the ashe3 of the great departed, those salutary leaBons are baot taught, for it has been truly said by a great Irishman, that for one wrong redressed, one grievance removed by the living hero, (If by are Bwept away by the continuous application of the principles he upheld, and tho spirit which he fos tered and inspired. (Cheers.) Let ua, then, on this annual commemoration sacredly yet joyously approach tho rooting place of tho great dead, and drink inspiration and encouragement from tha lessons their livos teach : — How sleep tho bravo who sink to rest, By all their country's wishes blest,? When Spring with dewy fingers cold Returns to deck her hallowed mould, She there shall dress a sweeter sod Than Fancy's foot have ever trod. By fairy hands their knell is rung, By forms unseen their dirge is sung1, There Honour comes a pilgrim grey To bless the turf that wraps their clay, Aud Freedom shall awhile repair, - ' To dwell a weeping hermit there. (Oheers.) That Ireland laboured under many grievances in the past, that she labours under some to-day, no intelligent person will question, and if it were deemed necessary of proof £ nould quote from the greatest of living Englishmen in support ; and though the solution of Ireland's difficulties may appear to some superficial thinkers as a matter of tho (simplest procedure — almost as simple as the passing of a perfect Land Bill — (laughter) or evon a wisely-conceived pro perty tax — (laughter) — yet evon those simple things require some thought and long and careful consideration. (Hear, hear.) So also with granting further needed legislation to Ireland. I am hopeful that tho near future will bring the realiz ation of the most genuine patriot's dosiro. (Ohoers.) I have boon gratifiod from time to time to road fcho friendly utterances and writings of great Englishmen when dealing with Irish matters. But amongst them all there was noth ing gave mo greater pleasure than to find that tho great Dr. Charles Badham, oo lately laid in an honoured grave, whoso culture, whose vast and varied learning, left him almoat without a rival in the British dominions, had shown as ono of the results of h's groat knowlodgo a keen sympathy with Ireland. (Choers.) Id a abort poem ad dressed by him to Irishmon he says : — By reason's sovereign word The only weapon of your countless throngs, Swell loud the diapason of your right, For justice pealing from tho thousand tongues ' Is as a, trumpet of tho Lord of Hosts. Tho strongholds of tho proud without a thrust Pall flat before it, while the dust Mounts from tho crumbled towers like their depart ing ghosts. I (Oheers.) In another part it might almost be deemed prophetic of tho present day : — If, Erin, thy birthright woro other than queenly, If dull woro thy mind as ignoble thy woes, No power had fortune to rack thoo .so keenly By mocking and marring what nature bestows. O, dowered with gifts :ia fcho darling of heaven, Made rich but to spoil, and made fair to betray ; JJut the hour is appointed, the champion is given, The dark spell that binds thce shall vanish away. ?yho 'sound of one voice all thy thousands shall rally, No throat shall thoy utter, no sword shall thoy draw - Mai-ell, march to your triumph, while peace in her valley Reposes serene in the shelter of law. (Cheers.) And now one word fco onlookers at Irish movements. Do not condemn a whole party because somo who profess to belong to it are guilty, not alone ol misconduct, but of gross crimes : for an Iriah party is no more free from villainous hangera-on than similar parties in other countries. (Hear, hoar.) Tho great historian hns essayist, Lord Macaulay, oays:— 'A party hao its oufclero and campf olio wore as well as ito Goldieru. In its progress it collects round it a vaot retinue composed of pooplo who- thrive by its custom, or are amused by its display, who may be sometimes reckoned in an ostentatious enumera tion as forming part of it, but who givo no aid to its operations, and take but a languid interest in its suceeso ; who relax its discipline and dis honour ito flag by their irregularities, and who after a disaster are perfectly ready to cut the throats and rifle the baggage of their companiono.' The grdiit Iriah party of to-day hao it 3 sutlers and camp followers, but it has also i's chivalrous and br ive soldiers — (cheers) — and whilst abstain ing from discussing their individual merits we can reot satisfied that history will repeat itself, and that when the final record is writton many of them will occupy a niche in history filled only by the groat and good. (Great cheering.) Whilafc thus annually reviving tho memory of illustrious poets and orators, scholars, statesmen, and sol diers, wo will learn to apply the noblest lessons their lives inculcate to the advancement of this, tho country, either by choice or by birth, of us all ; and in so, doing Australia v/ill bless the annual commemoration that teaches such beauti ful, yst practical, lessons of public virtue. (En thusiastic and long-continued applause.) Dr. Q-oode, who was well received on rising to respond, after the toasfc had boen honoured said : — G-entlemen here we are again (laughter and applause) assembled to commsmorate the anni veroary of the birbh of our national saint. (Ap plause.) The toaat which had been proposed in ouch oloquent terms, and drunk with so much enthusiasm, ia one specially befitting the occasion, assembled, as we are, to celebrate tho day dear to the heart of every Irishman. (Cheers.) On this day our mindu unconsciously wander back to distant agea in our history, to the time when our national saint introduced Christianity into our native land, to She days when learning and re ligion flourished in Ireland, and the rest of Europe was sunk in barbarism, and to the period when the light of learning radiated from our fair island all over the world. (Cheers.) And not only in learning and sancity were the Irishmen of those far diafcan'; days famous but also in the art?, and those who apeak dis paragingly of the Irish should remember that we owe the knowledge and learning we to-day possess to those v?ho in the early days fostered and preserved it in the schools and monasteries of our native land. (Applause ) In the fine arts the Irish were skilled, and there have been pre servod specimens of workmanship in metal and stone which are at once the admiration and the despair of the artists of our own day. (Applauoe.) Our saint waa a man of noble and determined mind, who by his words and deeds haa influenced and guided the destinies of the whole Irish rece. (Applause.) By your presence hero to-nighr,, gentlemen, you show that you are animated by a fine feeling of patriotism, and you prove that you are proud of the old land. One of the charactorifltics of that great man, Daniel Webster, was hia custom of viaiting the humble little log house away back in the foreot whore he had boen born, and around which the memories of his boyhood clung, and tin's same spirit of love and reverence for one's native place animates all good and true men. (A.pplauae.) Looking around at thio large gathering of men of all shadea of opinion, is it not a matter of congratu lation that all should have been brought together bo succosbf ully in a happy union to celebrate the feast of St. Patrick ? (Cheers.) I see around me not only Irishmon but sons of Irish parents, who I doubt, not have come to this ceLbrution out of love and voneration for their parents and their memories. (Applause.) It would be impossible for any man of heart and feeliug separated from hia native land to think of tho fond familiar scenes and of the holy associations without being moved by emotion such aa we Irishmen experience to night. (Hear, hear.) The poet haa well described the man who is dead to feelings of patriotism and affection. Such a man Living shall forfeit fair reno ira, Aud doubly dying shall go down, To the vile dust, from whence lie sprung1, Unwept, unhonourcd, and unsung. (Enthusiastic applause.) Mi1. J. Q: O'Hyan, whose reception was a most flattering one, the applause lasting a considerable time, said, on rising to propose the toaat of u the Ministry ' — The very great pleasure with which I address myself to the task of proposing this toaat will, I am sure, bo shared by everyone here. (Applause.) It has been our custom at those annual banquets to drink the health of the Miniotry no matter tvhat gentlemen happened to bo in power — and tho fact uIiowb if nothing else the catholicity of tho charity of; Irishmen (laugh ter) — but on this occasion there io a peculiar prido and pleasure attached to the toast if for no other reason than our good fortune in having in the present Ministry a gentleman who has alwayo boen with ua on thooe occasions, and who haa always boen ready when we wanted hio eloquonco. (Hoar, hoar.) I need hardly Bay I refer to the Attorney-General, the Hon. W. B. Dalley. (Ohoors.) I remember well when, two years ago, tho banquet was held at the Town Hall, and it was considered necessary that some thing iika a tone should bo given to the celebra tion, that our friend Mr. Dalley came to our assistance, and delivered an oration whioh wa3 the admiration not only of all who hoard it but of tho whole country. By way of compensation for Mr. Dalloy'a absence, wo havo another graafc man present to represent tho Ministry (cheers), and on behalf of the committee and of this assemblage I fchank our welcome guest, the Hon. Mr. Dibbs, for taking his place amongst us this evening. (Applause.) In proposing such a toast, it ia hardly necessary to say a word either with regard to the merits or demerits of tho Miniotry, but thio I v/ill say, and honestly — and I am cure I ohall bo supported in my state ment — that the present Ministry moan well, and that they are endeavouring to do the boat for the wholo country, (Hear, hoar.) Th-? Ministry desorvo encouragomeni;, and in it io a general hope that before thoy retire fronToffico they will have donG good and lasting service. (Applause.) The Hon. G-. E. Di.bbs, who was loudly cheered on rising to respond, oaid : — Your chair man, in .proposing tho toast of the evening, ' The day we colobrato,' very wioely laid down in tno words, tho ruloo which would guide the apeocheo hero to-night. He stated that politics and reli gion were not to be discussed at this table. (Cheers.) How can I then, after an injunction of that kind, cay one word about the political hiotory of tho Ministry ? How can I cay one word about tho Ministry of which I am a member, when I havo by my side my old and respected friend, Sir John Robertson (cheers), who takes a vastly different view of the political queetions of the day from that of the present Ministry ? (Laugh ter.) We are here to-night, Government and Opposition, and we are here an friends, to do honour to the memory of St. Patrick. (Cheers.) That ono circumstance — that we are here holding divergent viev/s on very itnpoifc.uifc questions — is a test which I should like you to let me cay ono or two wotds upon, and I put it in this way, that on the ohorea of Australia where wo have tho' mis fortune to possesB no patron saint—- (laughter) — when once Engliohmen, Irishmen, -and Scotch men meet, they become blended' in one whole and unitod Auntralian peoplo,. (Loud- cheers.) In the moat Christian spirit I; believe it to be the duty of every good man in the country- to rejoice with those who rejoice, and to -'?'. weep with those who weep. (Hear, hear,) To-night, 'as . one. of your guests 1 rejoice to the uttormoot depths of my soul at the fact that jo mtny Irishmen ara met here to-nighfc to think of their old and beloved country, and to do honour to their patron saint. (Oheera.) I do not know that I cannot claim to ba an Irishman myself — (laughter) — though born by the purest accident in Australia, and I believe I have as strong a claim to speak of St. Patrick ao many of those who are here around me at this moment. (Applause.) Your vice-chairman told ns to-night in his interesting speech that St. Patrick brought into Ireland religion aud learn ing. (Hear, hear.) I admit it, but it is a proof that ho must havo come from abroad. (Laughter.) And I have boen assured on inquiry to- day, from no other than my friend Sir John Sobertaon, that he has discovered beyond all doubt that St. Pat rick came from Aberdeen. (Great laughter and cheoring.) However, determined before coming to thio banquet to ascertain where St. Patrick did come from, I inquired of an old Irishman who had been 35 years in the Government employ, in tho offices of the Treasury, and he told me that St. Patrick came from France. (Laughter.) Wow there being some doubt aa to whore St. Patrick came from, can you imagine one ?who has descended on one aide from a Scotchman and on the other side from an Irishwoman — can you imagine for one moment that I should have oomo doubt as to where St. Patrick came from, and claim equal right with yourselves aa Australians, to do equal honour to St. Patrick with you ? (Cheers.) I am here to-night as tho only representative of the Miniotry, and I regret the absence, from inevitable reasons, of those members of the Ministry who have been apolo gised for ; and I regret with the gentleman who was kind enough to propose the toast of tho Ministry, tho absence of our eloquent friend, Mr. Dalley,. (Cheers.) Something serious rnuot have occurred to provent his coming, because I am aware that ho did intend to bo here ; and had he been here, he would have delivered a speech of a character worthy of his attainments, and one of a kind v/hich I as his representative for the titzio being shall nob attempt. Gentlemen, it is but a question of tho future — while giving all honour to those gentlemen who remember the glorious names quoted in the eloquent speech of your chairman, and who will always show a patriotic love of country in remembering the land from which they cumo — it ia but a question of tho future when those deacendants of Ireland here will know less and lesa, except as a matter of history and by reading, of the great ness of their country. (No, and ap plause.) Arrived, anchored, aud fixed in Australia, thoy becoino Australians ; and I wish to impress upon my hearers, that though I can thoroughly appreciate the patriotic nature of thoae who still love to recall tho fond and affec tionate memories of their fatherland, still it is only a question of time when thooe who are born in Australia v/ill look upon Australia aa their native land, and remember only as a matter of history tho fatherland of their fathers. With a desire to see all national differences abolished, all national and sectarian feeling blended into one great and glorious nationality, I am here to-night sympathising with those who are allowing their patriotism and their love for their fatherland in doing honour to their patron saint. Allow me to thank you for tho honour done to the Ministry in the toast proposed and tho cordial and hearty manner in which it haa boon responded to. (Prolonged applause.) Mr. F. B. Freehill, M.A., then rose amid great applauso to propose ' tho Parliament-.' This toast I need hurdly toll you gentleman io one of the first importance, and I am cure that you will receive it and honour it as you havo done those v/hich have preceded it. (Gear, hear.) In a country liko ouro Parliamentary institutions bhould bo tho prido of tho pooplo, for thoy ro preaont our liberties and our national importanco and influence (Hear, hear.) Enjoying ao wo do the pi'ivilegoo and benefits of free Government;, there should not bo a man in the community unwilling to drink success to our Parliament. (Ap plauso.) To mo it is especially gratifying, genfclo mon} in proposing this toast for your acceptance, to see amongst this assembly faces of dietinguiBlied statesmen, whose services havo endeared them to tho wholo colony. (Cheero.) And everyone should be proud to goo at thio board tho venerable and true-hearted leader of tha Oppooifcibn. .' (Cheero.) Not unfi'oquontly a,ttompfco wore made to cast a slur on and to stain our political H£os and in giving you thiQ toaofc 1 muot v.ok you to remomber that you avo drinking tho health o£ gentlemen who, for the most part, perform fchoii? dutiea honourably, ably, unnelfinhly and faithfully, of gentlemen whoso inotiven eve alwayo regarded with suspicion, and whoce wordo and actions ore misrepresented and misunderstood, of gentlemen whose faults aro magnified, but v/hoco cervices and oaerifices are ofton overlooked and for gotten, and of gentlemen v/ho havo it in thoir power by v/ioe and beneiioonfc legislation to ad vance tho boot interooto of tho country, end pro mote tho welfare of the wholo community. (Ap plause.) Loud calls were made for Sir John Koberfcoon, and on the venerable and genial knight riaing the cheering wao continued for oomo time. Sir John Roborfcoon supposed the reason he was called upon first to roopond to this toaot woo that he was the oldeot member of Parliament present, that with the exception of Sir Patrick Jennings he waa the only one v/ho had had fche honour of oitting in each Hougo of Parliament. (Gheoro.) He was very glad to offer hio thanks for the kind manner in which the toast had boon propooed by hia friend Mr. Freehill, and rooponded fco by the gentlemen around him. Doubtless the position of a member of Parliament wao one of difficulty, and one of no great advantage to himoelf. It waa 27 years since ho first hnd fcho distinction of be ing a member of the Legislative Aaoembly, and from that day to thio thoro nevor wao a Parlia ment of which ho had not been a member. (Cheero.) Through good report and through evil report oomehov/ or other ho had found him Golf on tho floor o£ the Logiolafcive Aooembly, always fighting the came battle— (cheoro)— always fighting for the defence of liberty and good government, oo far eo ho understood ic. (Oheers.) But they had come there not to die cugo the Parliament or politico, but fco con sider the career of the greatest man who ever lived in the world ; he meant St. Patrick. (Loud cheers.) Something had boon said about fcheoe St. Patrick's Day celebrations being of recent origin in this - colony, but those who made ouch a statement were terribly in error, for ho remembered when a child nob much high or than the table goiDg with hia father to a St. Patrick' o banquet. (Cheers.) And almost every year from that time to this, he had attended the St. Patrick's dinner. (Cheers.) Through good report and through evil report, wben hio friendo thought he waa doing wrong in going to that great banquot, he had always done it because he believed in doing all that was in our power to keep up good feeling among the different nationalitieo of oui1 people. (Cheers.) He knew no reaoon why men, what ever might be their nationalfcieo, should nob join to greet those who were carrying oufc oomo great porfoi'snance and to aid them in their work. (Cheers,) He was sorry they had hoard oo much about Irich politicc, and that nob ono word had been said in honour of the great man who was now the Premier of England, and who had done so much for the advancement of Ireland in the matter of religion by the abolition of tho State Church, and in fche matter of fcho land law. (Cheers). He wao oorry that in a gathering o£ that kind no word was to bo found commenda tory of that great man who hod done do much for Ireland — of Mr. G-ladstonOj who had done more for Ireland than any man that ever lived, not ex cepting the great O'Oonnell. The Irish raee had certainly suffered more than any other poople, but surely when every effort wao being mado by a great party in tho mother country fco extricate them from the wrotehedneoQ of their poDitiong there might be in a great aooembly of that Irind generosity enough amongot Irishmen fco cay e. few wordo of acknowledgment. (Ohoovo). Ho did not think he need say any more. Ho weo always glad to bo among hio fellow-coloniots, whatever nation or religion they belonged fco5 and ho claimed to bo a friend of every right-mindod man in the community. (Cheers.) Once more he thanked them for the toasfc of the Parliament, and acknowledged the honour of being called upon first to roopond. (ApplauDe.) Sir John Boberfcaon had ooaveely finished apeak ing before loud and earnoDt calls for Mi*. Cope land came from all quarters o£ the banquet hall. Then when Mr. Oopeland did rise the oceno was oomething to be remembered. The wholo com pany with the exception of thooe at the chair man's table rose en masse, and such cheering waa never heard nor ouch waving of handkerchiefs ever seen at any gathering of tho kind in the oity. Mr. Copoland, who was indeed the hero o£ the hour and the chief figure in the company, smiled and bov/ed his acknowledgments, and made two or three efforto fco opeak, and each time fcho cheer ing and the clapping of hands were renewed with increased vigour and animation till the enthu siasm reached the higheot pocoible point. When the shouting and cheoring ceaaod there weo oomplete silence, and Mr. Oopeland, who wed tinmiotakably moved, commenced hio few words of thanko. Mr. Oopeland oaid : — Mr. Chairman aacB gentlemen, I am sure that had I intended fco make a opeoch I ohould havo losb fche power of . doing so, for I must conf ooo fchafc I have been altogether unmanned by fche warm reoepfcion you havo given mo fchio evening. (Ohoers.) I came horo this evoning fco your festive gathering aa an invited guoofc, and I consider fchat a high honour hao boon conferred upon me. I knew from my own personal knowlodgo of fcho oharaoter of Irish men fchafc under fche peculiar circumofcanoes you would bo glad to coo mo to-nighfc (tremendous chooring). I may fcellyou thefc I bavo no intention whatever of referring to what took placo on my fiwfc visib to your celebration on laafc St. Patrick's Day. (Laughter and chooro.) Afc fchafc time I did not know very much about St. Patrick, and I am Bori-y fco have fco make fche confooaion that I have not learnt very much more of him up fco the present time. (Laughter.) Howovor, there is one thing I know, and it is the Bong which says that— ' ' ' ? ' Saint Patrick was a gentleman,' and that is almoab all I really do know of tho Saint (laughter), bub I believe that as 'what tho old songo tell us is true, we ohould accept that definition. (Applause.) Gentlemen, I dooiro to say tbio, that if Saint Patrick originated ouch banquets ao this, I am only sorry that we did not have a St. Patrick for merrie England. (Laughter.) It is a pity the Saint had not a twin brother, because then tho English people could have annexed him aa our patron Saint, and made him a colleague of St. George. (Ap plause and laughter.) I am sure no gentleman present in the room listened with greater plea sure than I to tho speech of our worthy chairman. (Applause.) I have no hesitation in say ing that ib goeo otraight to my hearb to hear any man speak well of his nativo country, for I believe that if there is a God- given sentiment on the earth it is love of one'o fatherland. (Groat cheering.) Getting on in years, as I urn, and ad vanced in middle life, I have still my parents living in the old country, and I am sure there are many here who arc in the same position, and who can understand my feelings. (Applause.) There are many in thio colony who left Ireland yeara ago ; and you know that in the old coun try there are mothers pining for the return of their sons. It is not becausa people are separated that they should forgot each other, or that people in Australia, should forget tho land of their parents. (Applauae.) My opinion io that any man who forgets the old land, whether his parents are living or resting beneath the sod, is no desirable colonist for this or any other country. (Great cheering.) I think the man who shows the greatest reverence for the land of his birth would be the first to stand up in defence of. the land of hio adoption. (Cheers.) G-ive such a man time to take root in the land to which he has been transplanted, and he will be come attached to the soil as much as a native born Australian. (Applause.) Had I been born an Irishman I should have been as proud of the honour of my nationality as anyone here. ((Ap plause.) But having been born in England I am equally proud of having the honour of being an Englishman. (Great cheering.) No one has the interests of the whole empire more at heart than ,1 have, and I hope and trust that the time will come, and come before long, when by good and wise government and the assimilation of the laves of England and Ireland the two nations will be welded together, and the people of Ireland . walk arm in arm in the march of progreso with the people of England. (Cheers.) I hope to see ' the people of the two nations working side by aide, and shoulder to shoulder, fighting and striv \- ing in an honourable manner for the one common ' causeand for rmisual advancement, and I can see ' no earthly reason why these two peoples should not be welded together in one grand nation. ?(Cheers.) Gentlemen, permit mo to thank you most sincerely, and from the bottom of my heart, for your great kindness to-night, and let me assure you that if I live for forty years I shall never forget the very generous reception at your hands on thiB occasion. (Loud and long continued cheering.) Mr. Henry Daly proposed ' the Mayor and Corporation. ' He was sure the presence of his ' Worship the Mayor afforded them all gratifica tion, and if he was not mistaken the Mayor was pleased at the Irish generosity which prompted the managers of the banquet to invite him to the celebration. If there was one thing the Irish people could not be charged with, it wao want of ; generosity or hoopitaliby. After referring in complimentary terms to the Mayor and aldermen Mr. Daly called on the company to drink the : toast. The Mayor, whose rising was marked by much applause, briefly acknowledged the compliment. He ([cheerfully admitted that Irishmen owed a debt of affection and devotion to their country, and having lived in Ireland for ? some little time, ho could personally well understand why the Irish people were so fond of their native land, (Applause.) On fche occasion of his visit to Ireland, when Mrs. Hardie was fortunate enough to discover a four ' leaf shamrock, he saw enough to convince him that it was in no way singular for an Irishman to be fond of the old country. With regard to his official position and the work of the Corporation, he assured them that the aldermen looked after ' the interests of the city well and the only difficulty that prevented all thoir plans being put into execu tion was tho want of funds. Alderman M'Mahon and Alderman Hart also responded. The nest toaot was the ' Land we live in,' and rising to speak to it, Sir Patrick Jennings met with a very cordial reception. Sir Patrick Jennings, after nome pre liminary remarks, said he considered he , was charged with the duty of propos ing the moat important toast of the even ing, for practically thoir chief consideration was regard to the land in which they were living. The subject of the toast supplied a theme which if followed in all its bearings would bo too tedious , for such a gathering. They all knew he was an Irishman, but ho had made his homo in Australia and his adopted land held all that was nearest and doarest to him in life. He would always teach hio children revor ence for tho country that had givon him birth, but at tho same time teach thorn their duty to their own native land. (Applause.) Ho was auro that thoso who preserved a patriotic love of their birthplace would choriah with equal devotion a love of thoir adopted country, , ? and fche land of thoir childron. Boing an Irish man born, and of the crood of tho majority of . .,-. Irishmen, ho regarded it as no mean compliment : to bo selected for proposing such a toast, for tho .?: present v/'aa of more importance then the peat, and existing realities more important than momorioo. He believed that oo far ao the more sad and painful parts of Irish history woro concerned, that it would 1)9 better to leb fcho dead pnob bury itodoacl, nnd nob to revive and cherish memories of injustice and wrongs ; and to endeavour to soften thoBe bitter memories, and to sympathize with tho present Premier of England, who had worked so bravely and honestly to bring about a better state or affairs, and remove all causes of complaint and misery. Any fair-minded Englishman would readily admit that Ireland had 3uffored grievous wrongs ; tho country was for a long titno held by the sword ; nationality and religion were proscribed, and it would take years for the evil effects to be effaced, and for the bitter feeling to die out, but he asked wao it good citizenship to dwell unduly on these things and make them rankle in the public mind. Although to an extent Australian in sentiment, ho neper failed to take part in any Irish National celebration, and he would ever be perfectly willing to go into tho broad light of day and say ' I am an Irishman, and proud to be one.' (Ap plause.) Thiscountry hadafuturogreatertban any other country in tho world, for ib was its destiny to work out a problem of national greatness. The federation of the colonies would be productive of a groat amount of good, hub that federation could not be brought; about nor that good accomplished by any caucus of statesmen consign ing to an oligarchy tho whole destinies of the people. (Hear, hear.) This federation to be genuine must have its origin in the free opinion and national wishes of tho whole people, and not in the political exigencies of any prime ministers. (Hear, hear.) He hoped that the destinies of Australia would continue to bo linked to those of the groat Empire of which Australia was a part, and that the future career of this land would be prosperous and happy. It was rather a melancholy thing for Irishmen to notice by the published statistics that while England and Scotland had increased in population and prosperity of late years, thai; their own country had not shared this progress. There must be some serious cause for this, and it was his hope that when they met again a different tale would be told, and that they would bo able to speak of Ireland in tho same manner as they did of the land wo live in. (Applause.) Mr. R. E. O'Connor responded to tho toast. They had heard many eloquent allusions to the love of country, which the sono of Erin carried with them from their native Isle to far distant lands, bufc when they looked around them that evening and saw at the table sons and grandsons of those who had come here from the old land, a proof was afforded of tho equally cheering fact, that love of country not only animates an Irish man during his life, bub that it siuvives him and io transmitted in undimmod purity and lustre to hio children. (Cheers.) Ho could say from his knowledge of Australia, and hia acquaintance with the feelings and aspirations of the sons of Irishmen, that tho patriotic love which animates the young Australians is quite as strong, aa puro, as earnest, and as sympathetic an that which their parents brought with them from Ireland. (Cheers ) And it seemed to him one of the most remarkable and most touching traito in tho Irish character that the pioneers of this colony — the men who commenced the great work of colonization — while toiling side by side with men of other naticnl - ties, always preserved in their hearts the warm love of tho men of Ireland, and made it a matter of sacred duty to instil into tho minds of their children the same feelings of patriotism. (Cheers.) Irish Australians, proud of tho glories and traditions of Ireland, manifested a pleasure in tho possession of national characteristics, and all the great names go dear to the Irish wore equally dear to them, for they had grown to regard the heroes, the'poets, and the men of genius as belong ing aa much to them aa to the native born Irish men. (Applause.) And let no one venture to say that an Australian was any Ioqb an Aus tralian for entertaining a feeling of veneration and attachment towards tho land of his father and forefathers (cheers), for while an Australian possessed this spirit, he carried with him a cai^ guard which prevented his own native patriotism from being corrupted by desires for sordid gain and mere selfish advancement which are ho apt to take possession of the soul. (Applause.) This national feeling fostered a sentiment which, in the hour of need, would stand his own colony in good stead. (Applause.) This spirit was the nursery of patriotism pure and noble — a patriot ism equal to that of any other country. The presence of tho young Australians at that banquet was a manifestation of the fooling of regard for Ireland which they all possessed. (Applause.) As far as he was personally concerned, this feeling was entwined with the dearest memories of hio boyhood, and it encouraged him to hope and look forward to a visit to Ireland, which would almost bo in the nature of a pilgrimage. (Groat ap plause,) Thoso who cherished this honourable t'ooling would, when the time came, prove thera oolveo ao good and true Australiano-s the heart of man could wish. (Prolonged applause.) Mr. H. Levien, M.L.A., in response to ropoalod calls, also opoke. It was to him a particular pleasure to be present that evening, and while a native himself, and having in regard to purontage an Irishwoman on ono oido and an Israelite on the other, ho entered fully into tho spirit of thoir gathering, and joined heartily with so many kind frionds around him in honouring tho patron saint of Ireland. (Applause.) He was much pleased to witness the manner in which hie esteemed friend, tho member for Bast Sydney, had boon received, and ho wao sure the time was not far distant when Mr. Copoland, who hud already occupied with honour an important posi tion °in tho presoDt Ministry, would hold even a more distinguished public position. (Applause.) Tho construction of the Ministry with two Diich men a3 Mr. Dalloy and Mr. Sbunrfc sinking their differences of religious opinions in tho common cause of good and jusi; fjovornmont wa:i n ploasing ovidenco of tho existence of r, healthy public spirit which could not bo without v. beneficial effect on tho whole community. (Applnuno.) Ho sincerely hoped that ovory Lib. Pntriuk'o Day would find them assembled together in ducIi a happy union. (Applause.) Dr. T. B. Clune in a complimentary little Bpeech, which was well received, proposed ' The Press.' Mr. Tarplee, of the Sydney Morning Heealb, responded in a g.ood humoured and pleasant speech, in which ho menbioned that he had attended in his professional capacity a similar banquet twenty years ago. In response to repeated calls Mr. T. J. Murray, ono of the proprietors of tho Feeeman's JottknaIi, and a member of the Feeehan staff also replied briefly on behalf of the Press. The gentlemen representing the other newspapers acknowledged the compliment by standing after the toast had been drunk. Mr. W. T. Coonan, M.L.A., to whom fell the pleasant duty of proposing ' The Ladies,' spoko to the toast with excellent effect. He made special referonce to tho practical service rendered to the national cause by the Irish ladies, and pathetically alluded to the gifted and noble Fanny Parnell, whose death, ho said, was re gretted by every true Irishman, and whoso name was honoured in every Irish hearb. A tender allusion was rnado to the noble hearted Irish lady whose namo is associated with the sad history of Eoberb Emmett, and after referring to the special graces and charms of Irish womanhood, Mr. Coonan proposed the toast, coupling tho sentiment with the name of Fanny Parnell. Mr. T. 0. O'Mara/M.L. A., who was warmly received responded felicitouoly, ani with an eaoy grace of manner befitting the subject. Irishmen he said were accused of a great many offences, but there was one thing which even their bitterest cnemios could nob charge them with, and it was want of respect for or lack of chivalry to women. (Applause.) One of the proudest national boasts wao the noblo chivalry to women for which Irish men were distinguished in all ages, and in all circumstances of life, and he was sure that nono wore more ready to acknowledge thio than the ladies themselves, no matter to what nationality they may belong. (Applause.) He bad lived a good deal among English ladies, and ladies of other countries, and ho had found by experience that if over a champion was wanted ono invariably turned up in the person of an Irishman. (Ap plauae.) The presence of the ladies that evening had given them all pleasure he was sure, and ho hoped that on tho next occasion the galleries would be crowded. (Hoar,hear.) There was an old legend in Ireland which very beautifully expressed tho proverbial honour, virtue, and chivalry of the sons of Erin. A certain knight met a lady of great beauty richly decked with costly ornaments and jewels wandering alone through the country, and he addressed her, asking whether she was not afraid to trust herself unattended and unpro tected. Her reply was contained in the words of their own favourite poet, ' Sir Knight ! I feel not tho least alarm, No sou of Erin will oit'or me harm — For though they love women and golden storo Sir Knight ! they love honour and virtue more.' (Enthusiastic applause.) Mr. Digby and Sir John Robertson in response to calls also championed the cause of the fair sex. Mr. F. B. Freehill proposed tho last toast on the list, ' The Chairman/' In no small degree the success of the celebration of which they had reason for being proud, was due to their chairman, who for the second time had presided with such marked ability at their banquet. (Ap plause.) Words of praiso would bo out of place, for they were unnecessary, most of those present having known Mr. ©arvan for some twenty years, during which period ho had been always pro minently identified with Irish national celebra tions. (Applause.) Throughout the whole of hio career their worthy chairman had carried him self as an honourable upright man, and by the exercise of those admirable qualities which he possossed in ouch an eminent degree, he had won and maintained a very dis:inguished position. (Applause.) Mr. Garvan, in responding, stated that his services and his personal merits had been greafciy over-estimated. (No, no.) Whether ib was considered popular or unpopular ho would always be willing bo take hio place at their annual cele bration, which as ho had before remarked had no religious or political significance whatever. Their happy unions wore simply to encourage the cultivation of one of tho noblest sentiments of thoir nature, and he trusted that the words and principles enunciated by the leaders of the cele bration would find an echo in every good heart, inculcating as they did the lesson of loving one's fatherland, and of doing one's duty to tho land we live in. (Cheers.) The Chairman's remarks brought the speech making to an end, and then came tho usual rush for hats and overcoats, and in a few rnomento tho banquet hall wao deserted. The whole pro coodings were terminated by half-paBt eleven, a fact which speaks well for tho good management of tho Bto wards and committoo. 