The death of the President of the Legis lative Council lias created a blank which it ivill not be an easy matter to fill. Mr Chapman was perhaps the ablest politician the country ever possessed : it was fortunate for the colony that he lived at a period in its history when chauges in {,he administration of affairs and many peculiar vicissitudes of fortune required the presence of a master rnind to assist in i laying the foundation stone and moulding the constitution of the infant State. Mr Chapman was essentially a public man ; politics and whatever pertained to the public interests of the ? community engrossed his undivided attention, re gardless of personal consideration. He had no talent for managing his own affairs ; as a merchant he was unsuccess ful, ' although as a financier he had no equal. All his tilents were spent in the service of the public until his useful life ended. Mr Chapman's name will be con spicuous in the history of Tasmania when ever the events of the last 35 or 40 years come to be recorded. As a member of the former semi-nominee Council he rendered valuable assistance in framing our . present constitution, aod then re ceived the appointment of Treasurer in the first Ministry of the new Parliament. It is not necessary here to follow the long and useful career of the late President, but we may remark that he was one of the most systematic of men, carefully preserving all parliamentary pipers and statistical records to aid a remarkably re tentive memory, and that lie was regarded as a reliable authority in all questions of political importance connected with pre cedents and past events. We shall not say that 'we shall never look upon his like again,' for it is to be hoped that other senators of equal ability and vigor will rise up in emergencies ; but we do say that, in the death of the late President, Tasmania has lost a public servant c-f superior capacity — clear in intellect, cor rect in judgment, bold and independent in principle. The vacancy which has occur red in the representation of Buckingham iu flio T.f»rTiclofiTTrt r*r»iinr»»l l»oc n r»«r f «?» and it is to be hoped that a fitting successor of Thomas Daniel Chapman will be found. It is very important that the Council should reach to a high standard of senatorial ability and per fection, seeing that upon that branch of the legislature the laws of the land depend. The Legislative Council in its little group of sixteen members possesses an immense power over the destinies of the colony ; by its liberal or coercive action it can make or mar our future prosperity — indeed everything depends upon the Council — the battle may be fought in the House of Assembly, but it is the Council that determines which side shall have the victory — the- Assembly proposes, but the i Council disposes. Let us hope, therefore, that the electors of Buckingham will act judiciously in choosing a representative of experience in public matters — one in whom may safely be confided the in terests of the whole colony as though he were individually and, singly responsible — for that is the sort of liability which both the electors and the elected should fee'. In returning members , to par liament it too often happens that expediency is sacrificed to. Bentiment — J tha' popular old colonist®, estimable in all the relations of private Jife, but wit&fit; one jot of capacity for legislative dimes, ? *jre selected as representatives. This is a ? serious mistake. We shall anxiously ? ?watch themovemeftts of^ 'the Biifckiiigh&nrl; constituency because there -is a. igreat j -necessity -for euitable-men-in -+he- House.-j At the present moment it wovdd not be an easy matter to point out the honorable - pieuiber who feels himself competent to take the presidential chair. The Chair man of Committees would wisely decline the honor. Mr Gellibrand, to whom rumor assigns the appointment, is doubt less the worthy son of an honored sire, but he has made very little show in the political firmament — in fact his tendencies h .v '.,een rather retiring for a suce?-sful legislator — and moreover we are not quite certain that he would undertake the responsibility which is attached to the chair. The same may be said of Dr. Agnew, the newly- elected member for Jordan, and (perhaps) 'of Dr. Crowthcr. There certainly seems to be enough diffi culty in the outlook to warrant us iu saying with Tom Moore — ' Tis hard to choose.' Vice-Regal. : — His . , Excellency the Governor and suite arrived from Hobart per express train yesterday afternoon, and after luncheon proceeded to the coursc where he witnessed -the various events; His Excellency is staying at the Bris bane Hotel. Professor West v. Mb. Shegoo. — A very interesting athletic contcst took place last night in tiie Oddfellows' Hall between Professor West and Mr Shegog for a trophy value £20 and door money, resulting in a decided victory for the former. The programme as laid down in cluded single stick p'ay, fencing with foils, sword v. bayonet, bayonet v. sword, and boxing, the winner of three out of the five events to be declared the victor. The competition was opened with tlie singlesticks, which event was won by Pro cessor West bv five ooints to threerr Mr Shegog then equalised matters by winning the fencing by the same number of points, after which the professor won both bayonet v. sword and the sword v. bayonet, by five points to three in each case, thus leaving him the winner by three events out of four, so that an appeal to the gloves was not necessary. Both competitors were well backed up by the audience, and the Professor's win was received with warm applause. The competition was also interspersed by boxing by amateurs. At the conclusion, Processor West appeared on the stage, and having thanked the audience for their patronage, announced that on each of the three evening's following (Thursday, Friday, and Saturday), an assault-at- arms and concert will take place, when exhi bitions of boxing would be given by him self, Messrs. P. Newton, M. Nathan, W. West, T. Osborne, J. Cross, and others. Depotv Surveyor Genebai. — Mr C. P. Sprent, Deputy Surveyor General and Commissioner of Crown Lands, will pay his usual monthly visit to Launceston on Friday week, 29th instant. Pleasure Excubsio-\ — The s.s. Indig nant was chartered by the members of the Y.M.C.A. for a pleasure excursion to Rosevears yesterday afternoon. She left the wharf at 2'30 p.m., arriving at her destination at 3*45 p.m. After luncheon had been partaken of, variou? out- door games were indulged in, and a number of the pleasure-seekers took advantage of the opportunity to visit Brady's Look out, gather wild flowers, etc. A start was made for town at 5*45 p.m., and the party arrived at 7'i0 p.m., all seemingly pleased with their day's outing. The Wages of Sin. — ' Tlie Wages of Sin' was again repeated last evening to a crowded house by the Holloway Dramatic Company, and was as great a success as ever. The piece ran smoothly from beginning to, end, and was much appreciated by the audience, the majority of whom were country people. Mr V/. J. Holloway as the young curate George Brande, Miss Essie Jenyns as Ruth Hope, and Mr Charles Holloway as Stephen Marler were each loudly applauded for their efforts, whilst the humor of the piece was kept alive by Miss Alice Deorwyn and Miss Maria Midway as Juliana Bloggs and Jemima Bloggs re spectively. On account of the success of this drama the management have decided to repeat it again this evening, wliich will be the last time. For the remainder of the season ' Othello' and ' The Lady of Lyons' will be produced. . . Keeping High Revel. — A number of men were to be seen last evening suffer ing from the ' glass that cheers but also inebriates,' the destination of- some being the cool but not luxurious chamber awarded by the generosity of Government for the due care and reception of those travellers unable- .temporarily to use that discretion which should guide their feet in a straight line, and not the some what circular and going off at a tangent style so conspicuous in the over-jovial personages already referred to. This morning with saddened faces but cooler heads, these revellers will be called upon to cash up or take the alternative. It is creditable to record however t hat with few exceptions the conduct of the vast crowds who perambulated the streets last night was excellent. T am as Rowing Club. — A special general meeting of the members of the above club will be held in the committee room of the Mechanics' Institute tomor row evening at 8.15, for the purpose of altering the rules of the society. The Australia* Oyster. — The obser vation must have been made of late by the patrons of oyster saloons that the oyster, as known to consumers, is gradu ally diminishing in size, and seems on the verge of beebming too minute to be visi ble to the naked eye. It is (the Argns says) a vanishing quantity, and at the present rate will soon be gone altogether. Even at the present time, the insignifi cant molluscs which bear the name of oysters, are little more than the ghost of a flavor, and merely give a slight stimulus to the imagination. If the afEible dis pensers of this interesting esculent are spoken i o on the subject, they discourse of it in tones of the profoundest melan choly. They say that they do the best they can. Search is made far and wide for oysters, and as the supply near at hand is exhausted, they rro further &nd; further afield. We have ran sacked the coasts of Victoria, ravaged those of Tasmania, eaten up the supply of New South Wales, and are steadily working our way northwards along the shores of Queensland. If we started wilh an epicurean prefennce for the oysters from the waters of cold seas, we have long laid that fastidious sentiment aside, and now get them indifferently where we can — from the shores fronting the Southern Ocean or from the coral seas of the tropics. But though we go further, we fare worse. The exhaustion of the supply is shown not only by the increasing difliculty of pro curing oysters, but also by the steadily declining size of those brought to market. We have eaten up the adult oysters, we arc -eating die 'rising generation, -soon we shall be eating the baby oyster with the aid of powerful magnifying glasses, and after that- the delicate flavor of this engaging mollusc will exist only as a tradition. Tenders are invited by Mr A. B. Wilson on behalf of the Esk Tin Mining and Hydraulic ; Company Registered, Gladstone, upto4o'clock j p.m. of Monday, March 3rd, for the cartage at ! per ton of tin ore from the company's claim to ' Boobyalla Port, and for the conveyance of . stores from the port to the mine, boih for a : periodof ^twelve months. . ii'i MrS. 'tiompnih, at lho corner of George i and Iffisl&ne-stEedts;, Hliaws attention io his ! anuuSLcIqa^ontjealc, which will commenbe on ' Saturaayjiext, when he v ill Coffer gonds in the Manwiestof, (IresV, clothing, hosiery, and fancy, i departm'etrts at very reduced rates. *? Ferguson is opening out ex Gulf of Carpentlllljli^i quantity of new ironmongery, cutlery, etc. ' 'Mr W. 'De DasseU,'Vont a-nrt ^tie'Taakcr', of ' York-street, notifies that lie has opened busi ness, and is -prepared Vo execute all orders -entrusted- to him with care«Tid -prompt -atten- tion. The trustees of the late Henry Reed, Esq., invite tenders until Saturday, the 1st of March, for tile -erection of a wooden cottage at Mole Creek, near Wesley Dale. . . Mr J. Bidencope, of Brisbane-street, is opening out, ex Gulf of Carpentaria, new and fashionable goods. Mr Lncadou Wells notifies that ho will visit Scottsdale professionally on Wednesday and Thursday, the 27th and 28th inst.— [Advt.j ' Bcbkx's Old Irish Whisky, warranted free from fusil oil. Sold everywhere. — [Advt. 