THE PASTORAL DISTRICTS OF THE FAR NORTH. [By our Special Reporter. ] No. VII. On the Road —Hundreds of Baldina, Mongolata, and Rees.—A Change of Country.—The Rainfall Line. —Ketchowla. — Saltbush Plains. — Quartz and Ironstone.—A Sea of Scrub.—Austin's Dam.—A Ghostly Scare.—Reservoir Excavated by Steam power.—Oratan Run.—The Ironstone Nob.— Flood-marks. And now, if the reader be pleased to accompany me, I will ask him to jump into an imaginary trap and we will set our faces towards the saltbush country. While he is about it he had better imagine the buggy to be well stored with provisions, and to carry also a tent, axe, and epade, because, although the hospitality of the pastoral tenants is proverbial, yet we acknowledge no precise limit for our stages other than that which is imposed by the inexorable necessity of camping where there is water. Starting then from the Burra we travel easterly for about ten miles, in the coarse of which we cross the boundary of the Hundred of Kooringa and enter Baldina. Then shaping a little more northerly we cut off a little bit of Mongolata, and take the Hundred of Rees from corner to corner. Of these three hundreds all which for my present purpose it is necessary to say I have already said in a previous article. Once past the eastern boundary of Rees we are also past the frontiers of agricultural settlement, or, more properly, of the hundreds which have been proclaimed such with a view to their occupation by agricultural selectors, and are fairly entered upon the region of saltbush. You at once recognise an unmistakable change in the country. Vegetation, not over luxuriant for that matter even in the neighbourhood of Kooringa. Is less so here, and is also of a wholly different kind. As we travelled along we noted that the grass seemed inclined to taper out, as it were, into streaks and patohes, and both it and the advanced guard of saltbush (which was at once recognised) had the general appear ance of being in illegal occupation of debatable ground, and liable to be summarily ordered off the premises. Even this botanical no-man's-land is left behind now. The grass has wholly disappeared, and yon may take comfort or otherwise, as your disposition inclines you, in the assurance that in the matter of snrface vegetation you shall see little else but saltbush any more until we again approach Goyder's line of rainfall. I think most people—I am very sure that a great many—have of late been in the habit oi thinking that this famous line was pretty much a matter of fancy with our Surveyor-General—that he used a red pencil as a magician might use a wand, and, making a fantastic curve upon the map of our colony, arbitrarily proclaimed it as a fence which the wise selector would not attempt to leap over. And when there were recorded instances of copious rainfall outside this line, and more than all, when it was known that over 10 bushels of wheat to the acre had been taken from land so situate, what a triumph it was for the scoffers. Perhaps, though, it might be well to remember that Nature her self laid down the line to which Mr. Goyder attached a locality and a name. If we had stopped at debatable ground between saltbush and grass whicb we travelled over just now, and, instead of coming north east had followed that line of junction between grass and salsolaceous herbage, right round the head of Spencer's Gulf, and down south-westerly in the direction of Franklin Harbour—the line is easy enough to follow—and if after doing this we had plotted a map of our route, we would have produced a close approximation to the celebrated rainfall line. This mute testimony of Nature herself may not be gainsaid, and ought not to be ignored. We are now approaching the south-east corner of what was the Ketohowla Run. This run has been cut in two from north to south by the easterly margin of the hundred, and by for the largest part is now included in the Hundreds of Ketchowla and Tom kinson, as to the agricultural progress of which I have previously spoken. The country hereabouts may be classed as good saltbush plains, varied by low hills or rises, which ore for the most part occupied by bluebush. We cross a corner of what used to be the Ketchowla run, but which is now inside the boundary of County Kimberley and is held under annual leases—which, should the land not be required by the agriculturist in the meantime, will probably be renewed up to the year of pastoral doom, 1888. The present leases comprise 223 square miles of country. As to their carrying capacity, some hint may be taken from the fact that they were returned in June, 1882, as depasturing 276 great cattle and 13,600 sheep, while in Jane, 1883, the corresponding return showed 273 cattle and 7,717 sheep only. There seems to be but slender reason for supposing that this country will be demanded in the interest of the agriculturist, for although we are as yet not very far outside Goyder's rainfall line, yet the unmistakable brand of the demon drought is impressed upon everything. We left the eastern boundary line of the hundreds at Rees, but we are still inside the limits of County Kimberley; in fact, just here the country is divided from north to south by four independent lines. First, the eastern boundary of the proclaimed hundreds which we crossed some time ago ; next, and eleven miles to the eastward, the line which forms the eastern boundary of District B; thence nine miles further east by the eastern Bide of Counties Herbert, Kimberley, and Burra ; and once more sixteen miles easterly by Goyder's red line. Inside the counties the land where pastoral occupation is as yet undisturbed is held on the tenure of annual leases only. In the next division, which includes the country between the limit of counties and the red line, the leases which expire in 1888 are mostly uninterfered with, whilst those which had longer terms before them have been, as a matter of pre caution consequent upon the enormous demand for cultivable land, resumed in the usual way. Passing from Ketchoula or Ketchowla—for It is spelt both ways—we turn more to the northward over parts of Leases Nos. 1896 and 1897, which were originally dated to expire in 1891, but which have been resumed and are held under annual terms. The country so far has changed but little since we passed the dividing line. Saltbush plains and blue bush rises form the refrain of a song | which may be appropriately applied to thousands aud thousands of square miles of country in the North. The only variation is that which is furnished by the abundance or the scarcity of scrub, for, unless at very close view, the kinds of bush or vegetation are too closely allied to form any element of variety. Hereabouts, how ever, we have, for the most part, sandal wood and heaoak. I might point out a mulga here and there, but when my auditor said "Oh, ah, yes, I see," &c;,, &c.;, I should know that the ejaculations were merely an acknowledgment that I had performed a necessary introduction, and by no means arose from any discrimination on his part between mulga and any other form of bush or tree. While, however, we are jogging along in the direction of Austin's Dam, let me call his attention to the fact that much of the ground over which we are travelling is thickly strewn with small half- rounded gravel of quartz and ironstone. Were this on a hillside or in any place where there was a reasonable chance of touching " bottom" it would set a digger half wild to go to work with pick, shovel, and dish. Here, however, it seems clear enough that the gravelly deposit is a surface one only, and owes its apparent abundance to the fact that rain and 1 wind have taken turn about at removing the lighter surface soil and left the stones I behind. But, nevertheless, the occurrence of such " keenly" indications even here does certainly suggest that somewhere away in the hills which are visible to the north west there may be some mineral treasures well worth discovering. We are now entering upon the margin of that mighty tract of country known as the Eastern Plains. Only ou the margin, for the hills keep constant watch upon ns away to the left there, while all round to the right the country, as we see it from the top of some gentle rise, seems to slope evenly and gently down to the horizon, and shows like a vast sea of scrub. They tell us that, except ing the Faraway Hill—which you will make desperate efforts to discover, and at last per suade yourself thatyou really see—this sketch of country presents an unbroken sweep to the very hanks of the Murray River, which at its nearest point as the crow flies is something like sixty miles away, j Meanwhile our track is over the lightest and gentlest of undulations—the last faint heavings of broken country before it subsides into the interminable monotony of the river plain. The soil as we go along is mostly a reddish clayey loam, and if the average rain fall read inches where at present it shows only tenths of an inch no doubt the vegeta tion would be as rank as it is on the banks of the Broughton River after a wet spring. As it is you see everywhere evidences that the country has lately enjoyed the unwonted luxury of a showerbath, and the herbage looks clean and fresh, suggesting in some far off way the case of a man afflicted with an in curable constitutional disease who looks all the better after his "shower" but can never acquire the ruddy cheeks or sparkling eyes of vigorous adolescence or sturdy manhood. And so we come to what is known as Austin's Dam, a fine sheet of water, looking its best now, as it has been filled to over flowing by the late rains, and certainly deserving the tide of reservoir, even if it has not a claim to be regarded as a lake. And, as illustrating what has been done to develop the country in this neighbourhood, I may mention that within a radius of eight miles from Austin's Dam there are at least ten other artificial reservoirs, varying in capacity from 30,000 yards downward, besides some wells, which are chiefly noticeable as evidences of past enterprise, and the best that can be said of them now is that the water they afford is very acceptable—when no better is to be had. Still steering abont north north-east, six miles more brings us to the North Dam, which ie of noble proportions, and was full to the brim. Leaving this we change our course to about north-east, and another six miles brings us to a Govern ment reservoir—one of the many which have been excavated in order to make the pegged line available at all times for travelling stock. ThiB, also, was fall. The track now leads into another of Sir T. Elder's leases, which originally consisted of 156 square miles, but has been cut in two by the county's boun dary—leaving ninety miles within and sixty six miles outside the line. It would in any caee all have fallen in in 1888, but the portion inBide the connty line has been resumed, and is held under annual lease. The country here gets a little more scrubby, and mulga appears in force, more especially on the rises. The next most prominent varieties are the familiar and almost universal sandalwood and heoak, while bluebush takes temporary precedence amongst the members of the salsolaoeous tribe. It was somewhere in this country that in 1862 one of Mr. Gilbert's overseers branohed east on a tour of inspection, and he got to a point about fifteen miles east of our present track( and somewhere in the vicinity of the red line, but narrowly escaped death from thirst, having the. greatest difficulty in making his way back to Fandappa. Of course there were no wellB or reservoirs hereabouts just then, and the country was as risky for the explorer as are some of the waterless plainB to the north of Lake Eyre at the present day. I was making my way along a seemingly interminable bush-track one evening, intending to make what is known as Cox's Camp for the night, when my ears were astounded by the unmis takable screech of a steam-engine. There could be no mistake about it; but as a matter of comparison I rather think that the .ghosts of several departed mothers-in-law, drawn up in prim array across the track in the fast-fading twilight would not have startled me much more. After a long day's travel without a Bingle glimpse of a fellow creature, and with no other evidence of his Occasional presence than was supplied by the wheel-tracks I followed or the rare oc currence of "post and .wire," the scream of an engine seemed almost unearthly in its anomaly with the surroundings. But on reaching the camp my half-formed suspicions of spectral locomotives and phantom trains were sent to the right about as I recognised the fact that the unwonted steam-whistle had just innocently informed all whom it might concern that it was " supper time." A second glance informed me that the disturber of my peace, conjointly with another iron monster just visible across an unsightly mound of earth, was furnishing the necessary power for the digging out of a reservoir, when daylight came I took the opportunity -of examining into the way of working, which, outside of the mechanical complexities of the engines engaged, was really simplicity itself. The pre3ise method of operation was, I believe, explained in full in the Register some years ago on the occasion' of starting some similar appliances in the neighbourhood of Paratoo. Suffice it then to Shy that the engines are of the type known as traction engines—that is to say, they are quite inde pendent of horsepower, and can be made to move forward or backward, quickly or slowly, at the will of the driver. Under the boiler there is fixed a horizontal drum which acts as a winder, being of course also driven by steam. When a reservoir is to be excavated, the engines (there are always two) are located at a distance of say 200 yards apart, the ground to be excavated lying directly be tween them. By means of an endless wire rope which is attached to the winding drum of each of them the engines commence a game of see-saw Margery Daw, first of all with a villainous-looking collection of steel prongs mounted on wheels and called the plough,, and afterwards with a machine something like an exaggerated coal-scuttle, also on wheels, which is called the scoop. When the plough has been dragged to ani fro over the whole surface to be excavated— the engines moving a little ahead at every turn—the scoop is set to work, and having collected or scraped up its load (say 1J to 2 tons of earth or stone, for the plough isn't in the least particular) the movement of a lever lifts the mouth of the scoop upwards, and the scoop on wheels is forthwith drawn by sheer force to the required spot, where another touch on another lever sends the coalscuttle topsy-turvy, somewhat after the manner of a man who goes hqad overheels after an ineffectual attempt to plant his foot on a step which isn't there. Another bit of mechanical legerdemain pro duces another somersault on the part of the scoop, and by this time the other engine has taken hold, and away goes the scoop to dis charge itB gluttonous mouthfut of say a yard and a half of dirton the other side of thenascent reservoir. This sort of thing is repeated layer by layer until the excavation reaches the desired depth, although of course every additional foot of depth necessitates the em ployment of greater hauling power. The simplicity and speed of this method of reservoir-making is really amazing, only if one were hypercritical he might desire; that the spoil should be trimmed and levelled a bit: and, no doubt, a sight of some of the undulating irregular "banks" which mark the locality , of a "steamscoop dam" would drive a railway engineer accustomed to only trim embankments to the verge of insanity. In the meantime it is a great thing to have the water. The trimming and fencing and planting can be attended to later on, or for that matter never. This reservoir at Cox's Camp, and which, by this time is no doubt completed, measures eighty yards square, and will be twenty feet deep from the natural surface. The gound,. valued at its capacity for retaining water,, is first class. The quantity of excavation may be approximately estimated at 35,500 square yards, and its cost at say £2,000. The traction-engines and plant worked here are, I was told, the identical ones which Mr. Goyder selected in America during his leave; of absence some two and a half years : ago. The engines are not at all above .making themselves generally useful, and will upon occasion trip cheerfully away a score of miles or so across country, towing a Brobdignogian water-tank behind them, and bringing it back fulL At Cox's Camp,- however, this species of overtime was rendered unneces sary by the existence of a small reservoir of water, which, when strained through a moderately coarse sieve, made very passable tea. It may be worth noting in this 'con nection that not very far from Cox's Gam^ tl ere are two holes sunk as wells, one 203 ! and another 130 feet deep, but in neither of | them had the proprietor the satisfaction of Striking even salt water. j Oar track north-easterly leads us through an outside angle of the Oratan Run, also held under lease by Sir T. Elder. This lease com prises 375 square miles, mixed hills and plains, the latter being fairly good sheep country. It includes parts of what were fcrmerly known as the Netley and Wallaby j Runs, and also a piece of the holding once known as Gum Well. This is one | of the leases which revert to the Crown In 1888. Still north-easterly our route takes us on to a lease of 312 square miles, and again the property of Sir T. Elder. This one ex pires on June 30,1890, and is situate (all but one little angle) outside the red line. So far as I saw it this can hardly be called first-class country, being too sandy and too scrubby to make good sheep pasture. I travelled for fifteen milesalongits north-western part, and speak only of what I saw. The possibility of course remains that towards its south and east boundary the country may be better. A very conspicuous landmark along here is formed by a conical hill standing some six or eight miles north-west of the track, and indiffe rently known as the Iron Peak or the Iron stone Nob. Should there be ever much heavy traffic along this pegged line the section of it from Cox's Camp, some twenty miles onward, would need early making on account of the soft, sandy nature of the soil and its tendency to cut up into deep storm channels. It would seem that much. of the flood water from the higher country to the north-west finds its way down here,. as watercourses are numerous and the floodmarks along many of them indicate the presence at times of large volumes of water. No. vm Among the Hills—Sandy country—Wild flowers— Paratoo Creek—Mysterious disappearance of flood waters — Claypan Dam —Gorge Dam— Anabama—Dry wells—About claypans—Their value to travellers—Anabama Dam—A blind abaft in granite—Cane-grass swamp and reser . voir —Herbage destroyed — Anabama North— Oulnina—Scanty herbage—Davenborough Well— Quartz Beefs—A big plain—Duffield's Creek in the distance. Following the pegged line from Cox's Camp in the direction of Anabama, the aspect of the country changes somewhat. For the present, at least, we leave the margin ofj the great river plain and find low I hills to the right of us, r while to j the left the country evidently rises, and here and there big blue hills loom I up in the distance. The soil continues very | sandy, and wo still pass numerous water courses evidently trending to the south east. The vegetation in the valleys is for the most part fresh-looking and good, and in specially favourable spots the ground is profusely starred with geranium and other blossoms. On the rises J the herbage looks sad-coloured and hungry. Patches of bluebush and sections of scrub and mulga seem to be apathetically disputing I the possession of the ground, not caring very ] much which wins or loses. Amorethanusually well-defined watercourse is pointed out as bring the bed of the Paratoo Creek, and the floodmarks along its banks indicate clearly enough that it is upon occasion a rather dangerous obstacle to traffic. But in even the heaviest floods the obstruction lasts little longer than the flood rains continue to | fall. Where the water goes to is a question ; which has never been satisfactorily answered, but it is, nevertheless, the case that it disap pears into the sand with marvellous rapidity, and ahybody who was ill-advised enough to -dig holes in the watercourse with a view of getting a little soakage would have only his labour for his pains. And the wells which j are sunk here and there all over the country serve rather to perplex than to solve the riddle. There are numbers of them snnk on the margin of watercourses such as 1 am alluding to, yet which have gone down " bone dry " through clay, sand, and gravel into the primitive rock, and at a depth of from 100 to 250 feet have as it were " bottomed" on a fluid as compared with which a solution of Epsom salts, flavoured with sulphur and turpentine, would seem a tolerably pleasant drink. That the great volumes of water which now and again rush wrathfully along these channels go somewhere is indisputable, but their disappearance is altogether too sudden to be accounted for on any theory of rapid evaporation. They are not to be met with in the sand, and in clay or gravel they are equally not at home. It is simply a case of mysterious disappearance, ana I don't know that the wisest of us can come much nearer to a solution of that question than an intelligent boundary-rider to whom I pro pounded the problem, and who replied— Well—you see, I expect—you understand, that it gets to the Murray somehow, you know." At about six miles from Cox's Camp we reach another full dam, .or rather reservoir, labouring under the somewhat common place Christian name of the " Claypan" Dam. Then onward again between gently swelling hills, dotted with the eternal bluebush, 1 sandalwood, and mulga, while the valleys are bright with luscions-looking spinach, geranium, and other surface herbage, making the saltbnsh for the nonce look more grizzly, , and sapless, and neutral- tinted than ever. Pity that the sweet verdancy which so re- I lieves the eye should be doomed to melt like snow under the breath of the first hot wind, j We paBS two shapely hills standing about two miles apart, and known as the " Two Brothers," and just on the sonth boundary of the Anabama Run wejpull up for lunch at the Gorge Dam. There is a Gorge Well not far away just at the foot -of the hillB. It Is something over eighty-five feet deep, and yields a large supply of good water. ThiB was simply a lucky hit, for not quite three miles to the eastward another hole was sunk seventy feet in hard granite with, never a sign of moisture. And about two and a half miles northerly another one was delved to ninety feet and proved also dry. The neighbourhood of the Gorge Well was by the natives known as "Mulga thomba." While the horses are munching their chaff and we areenjoying our smoke i want to tell the reader something about "claypans." I am not sure that I should have thought any description necessary, only for the faot that I chanced to overbear an erudite professor of hush-lore tell an admiring disciple in answer to a query, " Oh yes, claypans; well,my dear fellow, they're a very common kind of you know, do well enough up North," &c.; The value of a claypan is beBt appreciated by the traveller whose hones are faint with thiret, and who is grimly calculating if he will be able to coax them along for another ten miles to the next reservoir, and who, tinder these circumstances, chances on a clay pan half fall of water not a stone's throw from his track. These claypans, which are to he met with in places all over the North except wliere the soil is porous, and sandy, are simply slight depressions ill' the surface, seldom exceeding a foot in depth, and vary ing in area from the merest'patch to an acre, and in rare instances to a great deal more. They usually have the appearance of having been thoroughly puddled over, and as an almost invariable rule the bottom is hard enough to carry the wheels of the heaviest team. At this time of year these claypanB would, if let alone, retain water for perhaps a month after the lost rain, and their value to explorers and travellers who want to get away from the beaten track is simply inestimable, as while the pans are full you can camp almost anywhere mBtead of having your stages inexorably fixed by the wells or reservoirs. It is not easy to satisfactorily account for these claypans—of course, mere depressions in the surface would excite no enquiry and require no explanation—but these even in country which does not appear to be other than loam are invariably covered with a layer of apparently' well-puddled and certainly im pervious clay. It is suggested that chance depressions of the surface are gradually im proved into claypans by the action of the feet of sheep and other animals which would naturally resort to them for water. It hi at any rate a well-known fact that a reservoir wluch has heen formed in doubtful or porous ground can be made as tight as a tank by merely allowing plenty of sheep to have free access to the water, and thus making them involuntary agents in thoroughly working and puddling the sides. The Anabama was once a separate pro perty, but has become absorbed into that very large tract of country held by Sir Thomas Elder. The area is 106 square miles. Anabama is one of the leases known fami liarly as " eighty-eighters." At about eight I miles from the boundary we arrive at what j wae once the head station but is now only an ontpostfrom the head-qnarters at Paratoo. There is a enug stone cottage cosily nestled under the lee of a rocky spur, looking out upon a sloping valley, and having in full view at a few hundred yards' distance the fine Bheet of water known as the Anabama Dam. There is a comparatively ancient Go vernment well a mile or so away, which at the depth., of 175 feet etruck a small run of fairly good water, and quite near the reservoir itself there are to be seen vestiges of a shaft which was sunk some 90 feet through exceedingly hard por phyritic granite without finding water. This stone would make an exceedingly handsome building material, and is just here obtainable in unlimited quantity. The reservoir at Anabama is very large, is securely fenced and protected, and was, when I saw it, full to overflowing. The ground in which, it is excavated is a bluish-grey clay, largely inter mixed with micaceous sand ana rubble. At six miles from the Anabama Station we I cross the boundary which divides it from | Anabama North. Here is another fine reser voir, known as the Canegrass Swamp Dam. also full to the brim. . I was rather surprised to note, however, that within three miles of this excellent reservoir, and quite close to the track, a number of trial holes had been sunk, with the evident purpose of testing the holding capacity of the ground. It wonld be something worse than unnecessary to con struct reservoirs so close together , when so much of the Northern country is only half developed owing to the absence .of available water. Well- siDking on thiB.ron seems to have been rather discouraging. In two caseB { wells have heen attempted at points about i four miles to the westward of the track on which we are travelling. In one:.case the work was persevered with to a depth of 203 feet, and abandoned at that in very hard [ waterless rock. In the other the sinking waB I continued until the shaft entered a moss of | granite similar to that which had proved quite unproductive in an aqueous point of view elsewhere in the neighbourhood, and this too wasadded to the schedule of dry wells. This Anabama North lease comorises 108 square miles, most of which may "be classed as fair, and some of it as good sheep country. In many places along the pegged line, however, the natural her bage is almost destroyed by travelling | stock. This, of course, is overstocking in its most obviouB and unmistakable form, out it shows what might be, to a certain extent, expected over any part of the North were runholders to put too heavy a strain upon the carrying capacity cf the country. In fact, tbere is reason lor the misgiving that I even now there are wide areas of country which have suffered very serious detoriora- I tion from being overstocked, although carry ing, perhaps, an average of less than 50 sheep to the mile. In any such cases sufficient recuperation can be only looked for under the twin conditions of perfect rest for a period of two to five years and moderately favourable seasons. Hardy as are the tribe of salsolaceous plants there is even a limit to their endurance. If they are very slow to succumb to drought or to overstocking they are also very slow to recover. And , there are plenty of cases where the carrying of even 100 sheep to the mile—moderate as the figure seems—would quickly reduce the country so stocked to a hopeless desert, and where if two or three dry seasons followed up the work which overstocking had begun it might be many years before, even under favourable con ditions, the natural herbage would recover itself—if it ever did recover. The Oulnina Run, which lies north-north west and north-east of Anabama, falls in in 1888\. It was originally taken up by Messrs. Ayers and Smith, but stands at present in the name of Sir W. W. Hughes, the area beiDg 896 miles, the lease expiring in 1888. In June, 1883, Oulnina was returned as carry ing 170 head of cattle and 55,511 sheep: and in June, 1884, 150 cattle and 60,494 .sheep. In this direction the country is rougher' in outline for a considerable distance, ajnd looks much drier than in the neighbour hood of Anabama. There was, however, at the time of iny visit a little water in occasional claypans, though evidently fast dtying up. Havirg a wholesome distrust of well watek I . camped at a small pan, where there was just enough of questionable looking fluid to serve the horses and make a billy of tea. It was in j a rather pretty valley, running nearly east] and west, and containing a rather large flood i channel, falling westerly. Towards the head of the gully there is a peculiar 'conical bill known as Giles's Nob" m earlier times, but now mapped as the Black Hill. Scrub and timber alike were very scarce about here, and there was. much less, undergrowth, of tender herbage, than was visible a few miles back, while the whole of the landscape, as I have remarked, looked wan and dry. At about ten miles from the boundary fence the traveller enters another paddock, and another mile or two lands him at the Davenborough WelL This well is Burrounded with the usual reserve, and is ronghly fenced in. The depth to the water is about seventy-five feet, and the water itself is (for well water) very good. The 1 only means of raising it is a somewhat shaky looking) windlass, and tbere are about fifty feet of well- framed hardwood troughing for the convenience of stock. Near the well is a stone hut lacking only a little semblance of respectability in decay to qualify as a passable ruin. Before reaching the well one's attention is sure to be arrested by the number and size of the quartz reefs which cross the road. I noticed that the quartz was. mostly of the type which diggers call milky 'and hungry-looking, and did not attempt any close examination. But the abundance of ironstone—which in places fairly blackened theeoil—in conjunction with j these reefs seemed to suggest at least a possi bility of mineral lodes in the hills hard by. From Davenborough's Well the track turns easterly, but keepB within the boundary of the Onlnina Run for another fifteen miles. At first the hills which riBe between thiB place and Mingary are pretty close com panions on the left hand, but after a few milesthey trend away northward, and youfind yourself out on a big. rolling plain, almost destitute of timber ana sciub, and somewhat scantily furnished with saltbush. The plain is scored across here and there with water- I courses, but no water was visible in any of them, although I looked eagerly for it. There are no claypans either, the soil apparently being too gravelly for them. Here and there tie prickly acacia is to be seen in small clumps; but far more remark able are the ontcropB of white quartz, which in many places stick several feet out of the ground, and in the distance look not unlike patches of frozen snow. The gronnd, too, I everywhere thickly strewn with quartz and ironstone for many miles. I have re marked that the saltbush in this part was rather scanty, and perhaps this was due to the fact that immense flocks of sheep were doing their best to eat it down. Perhaps they w ere put there only temporarily to feed I off the fresh growth which followed the June rains, and this seemed the more likely, as 1 could see no sign of any attempt to procure or conserve water, and not a drop of surface water was to be seed anywhere. Near the [ boundary-fence which separates Oulnina ' from the run which adjoins it to the east ward a very extensive and impressive view is obtained over an immense plain, which extends apparently unbroken to the south western horizon. Impressive, but not par-1 ticularly cheerful, for it has all the monotony of a silent frozen sea. In the nearer fore ground some six miles away a shadowy-1 looking line of trees mark the course of , Dufiild's Creek, which is our destination for the night, if only our horses will hold out so far. It many be well to give here some details of the cost of improving a batch of this country to its present condition, and a suitable in- | stance is forthcoming in the territory known as Bracmar, which is situate east of Ket ohowla, and comprises a total of 542 square miles, of which 376 miles would nothave fallen in in 1891, but have been resumed and are held under annual lease, while the balance of ' 166 square miles falls in in 1888. This country was acquired by Sir T. Elder in 1872, and was at thattimeentirely destitute of surface water. Itis a significant fact that most of, if not | all, the area had been already occupied under preferential or water-searching rights, and that after spending a large sum of money in boring or sinking dry wells the holders had | abandoned the country in despair. There were, moreover, at least two, if not more, shafts sunk by the Government, which had an equally unfortunate result as to the finding of water. When the present lessee took possession the only water available was represented by two or three small tanks, constructed,' I believe, by Mr. Gebhardt. These, althohgh'in themselves furnishing a J supply which was simply useless regarded as a factor in the profitable subjugation of the country, were utilized as far as possible to provide the necessary supply to men and horses engaged upon larger works in the direction of water conservation. Big reser voirs were started, and had to be abandoned (some of them more than once), owing to the | small dams constructed to give a supply to man and beast engaged upon the larger work running dry. Although years ago enterprising pioneers had become vaguely aware of„tbe fact that the labour of bullocks, assisted only by men with picks and shovels, was nofconly tedious as to time, but exceed ingly costly as well, it was not until 1877 that the s team scoop, which promises to revolu tionize the whole system of water conserva tion in the North, was introduced, and it is only fair to add that this invaluable help to the pioneer was first brought within his reach by the proprietors of the Paratoo Run. There were Borne hitches and delays at first, as was almost inevitable in connection with the introduction of totally new machinery, but by the latter part of 1879 no less than four permanent waters had been established, and these, I am told, have never since failed. Only in the succeeding year, that is to say in 1880, all this land was resumed as being possibly required in the interest of the agri cultural settler. The resumption, although to some extent softened by the granting of annual leases, has, nevertheless, and very naturally, checked all further efforts for improvement at the hands of the lessees. Altogether on thiB piece of country there had been spent up to 1882 for reservoirs £14,410, and buildings, inclusive of woolsheds, &c.;, £3,403; while fencing had cost the holders nearly £7,000. The leases standing in Sir Thomas Elder's name, and which adjoin the border of New South- Wales, are collectively known as Mutooroo. The aggregate square mileage is 948, and they expire at various dates from 1888 to 1895. These were obtained in 1878, and, like the country to the South-Vest, were destitute of surface water. Certainly there was a salt well whichhad in some antediluvian time been sunk at the Government expense, and two or three so-called dams which, were little better than exaggerated claypans. The owners of this run have expended over improvements (the bulk of them consisting of wells and reservoirs) something like £37,000. The expenses and results may be briefly Bummed up as follows: — On the first . block of country . mentioned . the . out lay has been, approximately, £24,600; sheep depastured last summer, up to February' none, daring the winter 17,000. Mutoorod—improvements, over 948 mileB of country, £37,000; sbeep depastured ■ last "summer, 2,500; during last winter, 23,000. 