: SUNDAY SERVICES. The anniversary of the Presbyterian Church Was celobratod yesterday, when tho sermons were preached by the Rev. R. Lowers, of Eaglehawk. In the morning the text was taken from John, 3rd chap: lGth'verse — "For God so loved tho world, that lie gave His only begotten SUfl. jfco v til n i qv f in i-li n AitAm'iiM «1.>._ "WAV 1U UUU CVCUlli WUO UilUOUIl from 1st Corinthians/ 3rd chapter, 22nd and 22rd verses — "Whether Paul, or Apollos, or Cephas, or the world, or life, or death, or things present, or things to coiao ; all are yours, and ye are Christ's, and Christ's is God's." There were good congregations at each service, j Mr John James, M.P., of Ballarat, preached in tho Wesloyan Church yesterday morning, choosing for his text part of the 4th verse, 2 cli. of the Acts of the Apostles — "And they were all filled with the Holy Spirit." There is an old and hacaneyed saying, more hackneyed than true, "that history repeats itself;" but tho oc currence recorded in tho first four verses of this chapter stands unique in history. Nothing of the kind ever happened before nor since. This was tho great inaugural day of Christianity, which was introduced by Christ who taught it, lived it, and gave it to His disciples ; and at this time it was exhibited as it liad never been before. Tho Christians wero not numerically strong at the time, and thore were many who thought it merely tlio excitement of the time, and would soon subside. The disciples wero t<>ld_ to tarry at Jerusnlem. They liad' no very distinct idea of what they wero to wait for, but as faithful men believing it to be their duty they waited, and on tlio occasion of ono of tlio great feasts, Pentecost, fifty days aftor the Passover, when representatives from tho whole civilised world wero assembled and feasting ; the dis ciples woro togcthor in ono place with one ac cord, when suddenly tlioro arose a sound as of a mighty rushing wind, cloven tongues liko as of firo appeared unto thein; tlioy were filled with Holy Ghost, and spako with other tongues as tho spirit gave them uttcranco. Brethren in Christ should bo in accord, and tho promisos of God will bo fulfilled in His own good timo and in His own way, and being in accord thero will not be. any obstruction to tho work of tho Holy Spirit. It is because of tho lack of harmony, a,n<? , divisions among Christians that the Holy Spirit's coming is obstructed. We should bo filled with tho Spirit. The unique features of this occurrence wore tho cloven tongues, about which wp ar.o at liberty to givo play to our ima ginations, and. the speaking with other tongues ; but thoy woro novortholcss truo. All tho other parts have boen and will be repeated to tho end of timo. Tlie Gospel was to bo. proa'ohod to all the. world, and it is remarkable that on this great inaugural day representatives of all the nations of the world heard tho gospel pro claimed in their tongues. The preacher con cluded ail eloquent discourse by asking all to pledge themselves to increase diligence and faithfulness in the work of bringing souls to Christ. In tho evening Mr A. J. Smith, of Melbourne, preached from 35 v., 8 cli. Acts — " And Philip opened his mouth, and beginning from this scripture preached unto him Jesus." Every candid mind must admit it is a marvellous thing that Christianity has survived persecution, and has turned it into the means of spreading and making itself what it is to-day — the greatest fact and the greatest power in existence in this nineteenth century. Paul from boing a per secutor becomes the great agent in disseminating the truths of the Gospel. Philip was in Samaria, but being instructed to go south, lie obeyed, and met with the Ethiopian nobleman, to whom he preached Jesus — we should be prepared always to preach Jesus. Christianity is the good man's text, and liis life is tlie sermon. 