LECTURE ON ' HAMLET.' The hallof the University was fairly well nllea on Thursday evening, principally by ladies, to hear a lecture on ' Hamlet' by the Rev. W. R. Fletcher. M.A.. the Vina. unanceuor, in connectijn with the Umveraity Shakspeare Society, of which Mr. Fletcher is President. There were present on the platform — The Chancellor of the University (the Chief Justice), who presided, BiBhop Kennion, ProfeMorLamb,M.A., Rev. D. Paton, M.A., ?£Pif J??fessor Boalgw. and Mr. G. J. Shirreff-Bowyear. In introducing the lecturer the Chaibmait said it was very satisfactory to see that the enthusiasm of the members of the University Shakspeare Society was not quenched byLthe weather, which waa so very favourable to, the country, although not very pleasant' for going out in. They all had a very vivid recollection of the lecture which Professor Boulger gave some months ago, and they would all agree that it required a very able and very courageous lecturer to follow him. It was a matter ot satisfaction, however, that they had both in the Vice-Chancellor of the University, who was going to present them with a study of the? character of Hamlet— a character which was as substantial and as and probably as any of their friends whom they were in the habit of meeting from day to . day,, but, nevertheless, a character about which there had been more controversy than any other creation of Shakspeare. '- He sup posed it was too much to expect that Mr. Fletcher* would set all these controversies at rest . The Vice-Uhanoellor was, however, to be congratulated on having gone away from some aspects of modern thought^ which he had been treatinR in a very able manner, into the very much pleasanter field of literature ; and he was quite sure that he would rive them that evening what would assist them very much in their understanding of; the masterpiece of their greatest national dramatist. The. Vice-chancellor then proceeded to deliver his lecture,1 observing that'Shak speare's 'Hamlet'? waB the profoundest and the most difficult, and ; therefore the most fascinating, drama in- all; literature. The. common 'opinion touching the cna ?raLcterpf Hamlet was that he was. a brave, educated, gentlemanly Prince— a' nian with a inelanoholy-and thoughtful cast of mind, which had been intensified: 'by a liberal edu cation ; a man who, had he been born in the middle ranks of society a few centuries later, would have shone in thepeacef ul regions of scholarship, but whose misfortune was that he was born a Prince in a wild and semi barbarouB Court, and in the midst of political circumstances which Bhowed the times to be sadly 'outof joint.'' Upon this man there was laid by. supernatural interposition a burden of dubious duty which was too heavy tor nun to bear. Me was cursed with a habit of too much thinking, begetting in him a tendency to procrastination. He no sooner saw the way to action open to him than he began to speculate on his motives and reasons for carrying out his purpose, and, while brooding over the event he let the oppor tunity slip, Hib weighty responsibility had the effect of partially unhinging his mind and driving nim to simulate a madness to which he was almost driven in reality. He planned, and then failed to translate into deeds what. had influenced his mind. He sacrificed everythingto this fatal irresolution, and finally fell a victim to a foul plot, not, however, before he bad accomplished his task, which he did after all by a sudden im pulse. . If this view- of Hamlet's character [were correct, Shakspeare with consummate genius had sketched for us a picture of a man whose misfortune it was to be unable to fight the battle of life, not from lack of ability or courage, but from being unable to make up his mind to do at once what he felt he ought to do, and must do sooner or later. To his own mind this view - of Hamlet's character was pot satisfactory. It did not seem to. be borne out in the circumstances in which he was placed. He was no coward by nature. He could dare and do great deeds. A rude public like that of ancient Denmark was not likely to esteem a dreamer, yet we heard of 'the great, love the general bare him.' He was no recluse, but ' the observed of all observers.' He was a soldier even more than he was a scholar. He did not seem to know what fear meant. Even in- the presence of the Ghost he showed no sign of trepidation. Nowhere did he present the aspect ef a man afraid to do what . he wanted to do. Something else beside fear, something other than either tre pidation or irresolution must be sought for to explain his frequent delays, bis unwilling procrastination, and the lecturer thought we might find the key to what we' sought partly in Hamlet himself, and partly inhis surround ings. If Hamlet were reaUyimad— that^was, so unhinged in his mind that he was only to a limited extent responsible for hut words and actions after the terrible interview with his father's spirit — then we might at once give up nice distinctions as to his motives and his character. But he for one agreed with those who did not think Shakapeare ever intended -us to think of Hamlet as really mad. He had the greater number of medical experts against him in this opinion, but that only proved the cleverneES of Hamlet's acting and the skill of the author of the play if other circumstances went to show that this madness was feigned. In spite of the penetrating force of the argu ments of Dr. Connolly in his 'Study of Hamlet' (1863), and of Dr. Kellogg in his book, ' ShakBpeare's Delineations of Insanity, Im becility, and Suicide' (New York, 1866), and many others, he still felt that we missed all the meaning of this play if we took it as nothing more than the record of the freaks of a clever man gone mad. The strongest argu ment, and one which to him was conclusive, in favour of the ordinary view of this ques tion was that afforded by a comparison of the earlier and later forms of ' Hamlet.' This play existed in two very different editions. In 1602 there occurred an entry in the Stationers' Register, by James Roberts, of a book called ' The Revenge of Hamlet, Prince of Denmark, as it was lately acted by the Lord Chamberlayne his servants.' As this was Shakspeare's company of players there was little doubt that this was Shakspeare's tragedy. No couv of this edition was known to exist, and whether it was ever printed was doubtful. In 1603 was printed the shorter play in quarto, of which two copies were known to have survived. In 1604 the second quarto was published, ' enlarged to almost as '. much agaiaas it was.' This was substantially the ' Hamlet' us we had ; it, though not exactly, for when the folioof 1623 was published the 'Hamlet' in that volume contained some passages not in any of the quartos and omitted others. The first quarto contained 2,143 lines, the second quarto 3,719. No doubt we had in the shorter play the first form of the tragedy— a genuine work of the poet, though it was left uncertain in our mind whether it was not itself an altered edition of a yet older work. The character of Hamlet in his moments of action was fully conceived in the earlier play. It was, as Knight Eaid, the contemplative part of his nature which elaborated in the perfect copy. In reference to Hamlet's madness we found a markeddifferenceinwhatwa8saidof the hero. In the first it was much more emphatically stated ; in the second these statements were toned down as though ShakB^eare wished to remove from his auditors the impression that Hamlet was really beside himself— an impres sion which hiB wordB and actions might well be supposed to warrant. In the later play Ophelia, in act 2, scene i., was represented as coming in to her father and saying Alas, my lord, I nave been so affrighted. In the earlier play she enlarged this one line into five, and said that he was actually bereft of his wits — . O, my dear father, such a change in nature, So great an alteration in a Prince ! He is bereft of all the wealth he had : The jewel that adorned his feature most Is filched and stolen away-rhls wit's bereft him. ' Again,' toquote Knight, ' in the nextscene, when the King communicates his wishes to Rosencrantz and GuHdensteni, he does not speak of Hamlet as merely put 'from the understanding of himself,' but in this first copy he says— ' Our dear cousin Hamlet Hath lost the heart of all his sense. ' ' In the description which Polonius gave of Hamlet's madness for Ophelia's love the symptoms were made much stronger in the original copy He straightway grew into a melancholy ; From that into a fast ; then into distraction ; Then into a sadness ; from that into a madness, And so by continuance and weakness of the brain. Into the frenzy which now possesses him. Frenzy, according to Barton, was the worst and the final stage of madness, when the aberration had become clamorous and con tinual, and Polonius told us that he was not only tne prey of melancholy and distraction, but by continuance of frenzy. The later copy was much milder in its description of these symptoms— a sadness, a fast, a watch, a weakness, a lightness, a madness. Shaks peare did not either in his first sketch or in his amended copy intend his audience to .believe that Hamlet was essentially mad, and he removed, therefore, the strong expressions which might encourage that belief. With this opinion of Knight the lecturer felt bound to agree, and it was strengthened by reference to the original story, aa told in Belleforest's collection of novels, from which Shakspeare got the materials of the plot. There we read again and again 'how Hamlet counterfeited the madman to escape the tyranny of his uncle.' To work out the plot of this drama with a clever, thoughtful, sane man as its head, taking on madness as a cloak, was a vastly 'more difficult literary performance than simply to draw for us a picture of the ravings of a demented scholar, oppressed and tormented' by drcumitances. ? Shakspeare ? attempted the more difficult task, and that he had succeeded all seemed to agree, except those specialists who had been deceived by Shakspeare's marvellous success into think ingthat the hero was actually beside himBelf. If Hamlet then was not mad, and if there was no evidence that he was too weak by nature for the performance of a great task, how should we solve the enigma of his character ? To this query there was a double answer— one obtained from his own actions, and one from his surroundings. In the mental history of any mind some sudden unexpected event might bo take possession of the chambers of the brain as to dwarf all other events in comparison, and to check all activities which did not have immediate re ference thereto. For instance, let a brave commander on the eve of a battle receive news that his wife or child was at the point of death, and who would wonder if his orders were not always correct ? If an eloquent politician were told as he entered the Legis lative Chamber on some great night tint nis home had been invaded; by treachery, he would have no heart for the details of an argument. Neither in the one case nor the other would we say that the soldier was less brave in spirit or that the tongue of the orator had permanently lost its power to .charm. Othello when poisoned by jealousy did what, Othello in his own nature would :neyer have donei Similarly it would seem M:'Mmethuig had prepossessed Hamlet's mind which by its constant presence in his thoughts inoapacitated him from carry ing out the purpose assigned him. If a man were oppressed with .having a great deed to do which he was unable to accomplish he could not accuse himself of perpetually for getting it, as Hamlet did with evident truth. Instead of being always thinking of it we found him musing and brooding over the possibilities of escape from so vile a world, and. alternating with cool and keen analysis, polished oriticiam, and petu lant wit, and when his mind did revert to this ' great action,' this dread command which was supposed to haunt it and to keep it in a whirl of doubt and irresolution, it was because Hamlet waaforcibly recalled to it, be cause some incident startled him to recollec tion;provedtohimthathehadforgottenit,and he turned upon himself with surprise and in dignation. Why is it this thing remains to do? Am I a coward; Do I lack gall? Is it bestial oblivion ? Or is it Some craven scruple Of thinking too precisely on the event? There was in this drama a double tragedy, asit were— the one outward in the eventB which passed before us, the other inward in theBOulof Hamlet. Each had its initial move ment, each had its crisis, and each had its inde pendent development. The two were concur rent, but not coincident. : They were intimately related, and yet were distinct. In the out ward drama the great event, the turning point, was to be found in the command given by the Ghost to kill the King. In the inward drama we must seek for some other motive, for Hamlet, with his 'bestial oblivion,' was evidently not dominated by thia command. That other event took place before the open ing of this ghostly commission, and it seamed nothing more nor less than the marriage of his. mother on the death of the late King. This event had annoyed him, had disgusted him, had shaken- his faith in everything, but especially in feminine, worth. His father had been a man of such noble character, and his mother, previous to this. 'o'er hasty marriage,' had seemed to him the very type o£ wifehood and womanhood, that to find her seduced by that man whom he describes to his mother as A murderer and a villain, A slave that is not the twentieth part the type Of your precedent lord, ? had so unhinged him and disturbed hia moral nature that all thought and action were tainted with the memory of the foul deed. The criBis of the tragedy of Hamlet the man waa antecedent to the crisis of the tragedy of Hamlet the Prince, This seemed to be hinted at in the very first muttered words that Hamlet spoke in . the play before he had seen the Ghost. It was still more mani fest in his. Boliloquy, alBO uttered before he had received the supernatural command, beginning— O, that this too too solid flesh would melt. When Hamlet was introduced to us he was not a mere scnoiarly knightly Prince, but one an event which had annoyed him ; whose confidence in the order of the world had been disturbed; whose chivalrous devotion to ideal womanhood had received a terrible shock. He had been deceived by his own mother. Everything seemed wrong in consequence. Borne three months after this disastrous subjective crisis in the Tmind of the hero occurred the objec tive crisis of the drama. A ghost appeared, as a visitant from the unseen realms of purgatorial fires, and told Hamlet that the present King murdered in profound secrecy the former King, and that it was his duty to avenge that murder. Now, what course was alone open to Hamlet unless he were in very deed-a mad'fool ? We heard a great deal from'the critics of irresolution. Suppose he had been, as the critics seemed to have wanted him to be, 'grandly resolute,' and rushed at theyKing with his rapier the next time they met and pierced him to the heart. What %jrf? Hamlet would have appeared a convicted regicide and nothing more — -a disappointed Prince who had murdered his King, his uncle, and his step father, because he had been cheated out of the throne. The late King had died as all thought a sudden ? but a natural death. Hamlet would have to say he was murdered, .but Hamlet' s only witness was a ghost, and who would believe him ? Others might sup port him in his testimony as to the actual fact of this visitant having appeared on the ramparts, but none of these witnesses heard what the Ghost said, except that dubious and sepulchral monition to 'Bwear.' The death of the late King was a horrible murder, but only two persons had any knowledge of it, or indeed any suspicion of it— those were Hamlet and the King himself, who did the deed. It must be Hamlet's first endeavour to get freBh proof of the deed— proof that would satisfy himself, which was easy, and proof that would satisfy the world, which was more difficult. There were.no blood shed, no features of ordinary horror, nothing un natural or suspicious about the deed. The old man apparently died quietly in his after noon nap in bis garden. The guilt of the deed was completely entombed, and could only be brought to light by making the King in some way or other confess it. Hamlet's great burden might have been a righteous revenge, but that -duty had as a preliminary task the obtaining evidence that would . justify his deed.: He postponed the greater till he had done the lesser work. Remembering this 'we could understand Ms whole course of pro cedure. With his mind fall of that revulsion whichhe felt against his mother's frailtjr he had this fre8h burden laid upon him. His philosophy had taught him the folly of attempting to succeed by noise or blustering assertion. He .was, moreover, alone. He could tell no one of his Becret except his bosom friend, Horatio. He must proceed with caution, for as soon as the King thought that he |was suspected Hamlet's life was not worth much. fHe hit upon the expe dient of feigning madness. Under the cloak of insanity he could do and say things that would not be. tolerated in a man who was hot of an antic disposition. His mock madness was the very best expedient he could hit upon if he were able to play so very difficult a part. That Hamlet could act this part we all knew wellt and that he succeeded in his plan was manifest when we considered the relative importance in the plot of the famous 'play scene.' From that moment when the King Btopped the tragedy Hamlet knew he was right, the Ghoat had 'not deceived him. the King had been made to bear unwilling witness against himBelf. After touching in cidentally on some of the other characters in the play the lecturer concluded bv commend ing the patient study of ' Hamlet' to the members of the Society. Bishop Keiwioit moved a vote of thanks to the Vice-Chancellor for his interesting and thought-stimulating lecture, and referred in terms of praise to the value of the moral teachings of the great dramatist, who, little as it was remembered, had learned a great deal from the Church. Nor should they for feet that when Shakspeare began writing the Bible began to be circulated, and there was little doubt that Shakspeare studied the Bible veryl carefully. In portraying the character of one who was feigning madness he would indeed have a very suggestive theme in a certain Old Testament character. Hesupposedthatthemoralplaysof Shakspeare and others of his day were very mucn the outcome of the old miracle plays which taught Christian facts, but which gave way by degress to the moral teachings of Shaka peare. This being so he could not help thinking that the moral teaching which ShakBp^are brought before them would be based in a great measure on the facts that had been taught in previous plays. He sup posed it was pretty generally known that they had a practical illustration of one of the old passion plays in the performance of Punch and Judy, which really, though certainly in a somewhat comical form, represented Pontius Pikte in Judaea. This was but an illustration of. how the old plays had taken hold of the nunds of the people. A personal friend of nis i at home— Mr. George MacDonald— a well-known Shakapearian scholar, took very much thesame view of Hamlet's character as did the lecturer. His Lordship concluded by pointing to the philosophical manner in which Shakspeare drew the veil of death over his characters, sometimes just when they were getting most difficult to understand, by which the great dramatist pourtrayed more than he could in any other way, although no one else would dare to use such an expe dient .. . The Rev. Mr. Paton aeconded the motion, which was carried amid applause. In tendering the thanks to the lecturer the Chairman characterized the lecture aa very profound, very auggestive, and very robust, and expressed the nope that Bishop Kennion would favour the Society at some future time With a lecture on some other of the Dlays. The Vice - Chancellor, having briefly acknowledged the compliment, Professor Boulger moved a vote of thanks to the Chancellor for presiding. After speak ing in eulogistic terms pf the Chancellor, and especially commending his splendid Shak sperian. library, which he believed to be unique m the colonies, the Professor said he waB not quite sure that it was possible to lay down any clear view of Hamlet's character. Shakspeare seemed to have purposely meant the conception not to be too clearly marked. By comparing the two editions named by the lecturer It would seem that the great artiat had purposely taken his brush and blurred the lines of his characters. In the first; quarto he repre sented the Queen as knowing nothing of her second husband's guilt; in the second they . had a deliberate altera tion of conception. Possibly be meant them to be quite in the dark with regard to his conception of Hamlet's charaoter. He considered it a mistake to consult works of art with any malice prepenstaa to the author's intention. The lecturer had observed to him that afternoon that perhaps the idea grew upon Shakspeare. and that was perhaps the fairest way to look at it. He did not deprecate for one moment the attempt to find out what the author's view of hiB character was, although he might after all have bad no absolutely definite view, nor why they should not endeavonr to trace the laws by which an artist had worked, although these laws might have been ful filled, if fulfilled they were, unconsciously to the artist himself. Therefore it was by no means futile nor absurd, but most com mendable and instructive to turn their atten tion to the most minute and microscopic in spection of Shakspeare's plays. In seconding the motion Mr. G. J. Shirreff-Bowyear, Secretary of the So ciety, defended the Society from the unfriendly criticisms of its enemies, some of whom derided its work. He observed that many persons would study Shakapeare if they could do so in the manner observed by the Society who would not do so by their own fireside, while a pas sage was frequently made clearer by being read aloud. During the six months ths Society had been in existence several plays had been read through, and the Society now numbered over a hundred members. The motion, was carried. The Chairman briefly acknowledged the vote of thanks, and the proceedings ter minated. 