.COMIC S0HQ3, . Few lnqnlrie could bo propounded so likely to puzzle sages ia tbo question, trhat it is which give popularity to oomlo. songs. To, some extent it is doubtless, In many eases, the' tune ; but many tuties of the most ":catohy. - sort are written — or more frequently nrougus . to life, for very few comlo songs havd new Mrs —and altogether fail , to tak the. pnbUo ear. The uuppoaition that oomio songs are popular fa; proportion to the idiocy and vnlgarity ofthsjr words ia at first sight plausible. If anyone will go back oyer the list of comic song; which a. middle aged man is likely to rem.-moer, he. will find by, what a plentiful look of wit they ' , have, in ninety-nino cases out of a hundreq, been distinguished i- yet 'their stupidity cannot be set forth as- an adequate reason why they have- becdme popular,' .because many .whioh haye. not been popular have , been ..eqqally stupid. . Having . regard : to -the . modern, musls ' hall " oomiqae "— -as it is nnderatood he deoires to be called, for .so' b|s Is advertised— ft cumpt'cettaitiily bea'tiy ooftuio ' force or'quaintness' instilled into the ' song by its interprets. ' It ' may be' doubted- 'whether > th'e blatanb-oomfque; -who'ta' the music -bill of to'day. ehoutii out the; oomporitiqh witli over- < powering- vigor, or the silly youth who more or ' less timidly recites it iua'decent drawingroom, isthemorodlsagreeable object of thetwo. What must be the mental condition of a young man; who will deliberately stand up before his fellow - creatures, as yonng men did riot long ago, and yell out invitations to Come and be a member of the Rollioking : Rams, or declare that Champagne : Charlie -was. his Name? Yet these two songs must' have had an- enormous Bate, and yiel3e'd very large profits to their- publishers. -At tho present day.it is said that another idiotio song, known indefinitely as , Tiddy. fol fol, has rivalled former successes. It details the adventures of a peraonage who has - got £10,000 . a year,' tiddy fol lol," ; whatever that affix may signify, and has all the attributes which might . be expected to appeal to a popular audience in tho Colney Hatch Asylum. There waa In the comio songs of a few years ago a more honeat vulgarity.' ' The atory of The One Horse Ehay is. probably, pne of the earliest that a umn ia the prime of. iife will 're member, and this set forth the distr»w.ehdirted by an 'elderly couple who jvent. to bathe, and whose clothes we're floated %yr»y. by, tho advancing tide. There wu a . faint juotion of fun in the . midst' of the ooarsenees " of the adventnre, and- in the comio songs of to-day there is rarely a sign of fun. .The humors of another ditty. of the period.lt yvos given to. few to pievi-e — the curiously vague com-1 meet, statement,' or reflection, that Pop goes tho Weasel. Perhaps there may. have been a meaning lu- this. .Someone knew how and why tho weasel poppied, 7«nd what was to be deduced from such popping ; the balance of British humanity- whistled the air- or sang the chorus without a - suspicion of ita moaning. To this period also belong The GorKi-eg and The B team Arm narrative songs, the second evidently borrowed from the drat, ' There was a moral in the former. A wealthy merchant, who lived in 'Rotterdam, was visited one day when he had " stuffod as full as an egg," by a " poor relation who came to beg, but be kicked -him' out without broaching a- keg, and in kicking him out he broke. his- own leg." ' Tho cork leg was the result) and it waa so thoroughly wound up one day that the merchant, who did not quite know how to stop it, was unable to control its move ments. The leg ran away with him, and the legend goes on to state that the man's ghost is still rapidly borne along by the all too perfect mechanical limb. Bis first cousin, the man with the "Bteam arm," was also the victim of ungovernable machinery. -; A comio song of about this time was the once familiar Viliikins and His Dinah,' which, howover, owed its reputation to the, effective singing ol Robson, the great burlesque actor. Bhe, the Dinah ; of . the legend,, was the daughter of- a rich merchant, who in London did dwell, and he1 wanted her to marry a bus. band of his selection, both gallant and gay. She refused ; to' "marry just then -she did not feel inqlined" was her. excuse; but slie was threatened - with - paternal wrath, and finally was discovered dead in the garden; " a cup" of cold poison lay there by her side,". . Viliikins swallowed -the rest. It used to be KobSon'd' ' habit' when singing this, amid roars of laughter, to pause aud pathetically, explain that, " this' .Was., not 4. ootnio song." .It does not,'in.- truth,- seem. to have been so; but Robson made.it comic. Later- on, 'at the 'time of the Exhibition of 1862, came The Dark- Girl Dressed in Blue, 1 one of' the 'first 'of the narrative songs in which, in the course of many verses,'- the vocalist describes his adventures in London. The narrator has been'very poliie to the dark girl dressed in blue, who rewards . his courtesy by stealing his purse. This surely is not amusing ; yet the song waa Bung-all over the world, and in spite of - the faot that fa this casetbe tune wasavezy poor one. Sfacethiatime, however, songs have gone from bad to worse ; and of late years the matter is only hopeful in view of the accuracy of the proverb that when things get to the worst they mend. Now and again a oomedian at some theatre ainga what may pass muster as a comio song, and Mr. Corney Grain often introduces a really clover parody — lis, tor instance, the ballad of the timid yachtsman, who at length screws ,up his courage to the sticking point and ventures from Ryae to Southsea Pier, a daring voyage which he is afterwards supposed to celebrate lyrically, supported fa his general ignorance of seafaring details by the reflection that You can't go wrong in a nautical bode, If you ray " To ho 1 heave ho !" Bat, as a rule, the modern coriiic song unites to otter inanity a strong vein of tho"Worat sort of ooaraeness, a fact whioh-certain -prb- prietora of music halls have— usually at the times whon they were applying for new licences from tho magistrates — been compelled to admit and to deplore. If there were no wit nor humor to be found fa other publications the absence of it in comio -songs would not be surprising ; but as a rule the only humor fa the modern comio aopg con slsts fa the' eccentrio fiction .of its description as comic. It is anything but what it is called. Some of the nigger Bongs are quaint, but these seem to be duller than they were. The darkey who fa former , years described tho antics of ".OldJoo kickfagnp behind and before, and tho yaller gals a-kicking up behind Old Joe,", was wont to introduce a certain element ' of hilarity Into the business ' .which is . now found among . few troupes of the . Christy .Minstrels, There was .a rattle and m'erri: .ment here, aided,- no doubt, by tho dance, ' which waa a feature- -of all nigger Bongs, for no nigger was supposed to afag — unless indeed the ballad was- sentimedtal— without putting on huge shoes, whloh sounded reso nantly on the boards.' Perhaps in Old Joe, in the brother nigger who was acoustomed to -Jump Jim Crow, and fa the few well knowtt compositions of like character, nigger - types were exhausted. Tho negro's delights as expressed fa - song are - somewhat curtailed.- He does little more than dance with the . "yallor gals." The worst of the deoadence in the comic song Is that it shows the . lamentable taste of that public for which mnsio hall songs s are- written. If there were a demand for such things as wit and humor, these .would probably bo forth coming. How can n man appreciate there who finds satisfaction fa the words— the MUM AMMJT uv sptuvu bue (uvMUua"»gi Over the Garden Wall though here is a merry tune-t-or ' Til Strike You with . » Feather. There used to be a degree of rol licking joyousness.-.about the old songs that went for to make up for rarer qualities. Surely something could be done by the descendants of the ' men who wrote such songs las The Leather Bottel, in which the superiority of .the leather ! upheld oyer all ; or the hunting -song—Warwickshire claims the composition of -the lyric— fa which the judge adjourns .-the court, -the barrister rejects cases, the doctor cannot .-advise, and -the clergyman hastens, from the performance of-a. wedding ' ceremony, each' merrily - and eagerly-declaring, as be turns from his profes sional duties, that "We'll all go a-hrintfag to day." - A new comio song that was ; not pro ductive of aoute . melancholy to .moderately intellicent hearers would boa distinct noveltv. — Siu.tdard, Asoor £6,000,000 will be spent thivyear In the construction of new roads fa India. A bkcext police return state that, there are not less than 200,000 " vagabonds" strolling through .Germany and begging for dims. As ordinance to prevent the introduction of rabbits into Fiji has been passed by th Legislative Council of that island colony. Victoria has 780 aboriginals ; New South Wales, 1643 ; Queensland, 20,583 ; South Australia, 63,846 ; and Western Australia, 2346. .THs'coroner for Central Middlesex (Eng. land) Teoently stated that ovory year he held about 120 inquests on children who were found suffocated fa bed. Hxxltq is Wsaot. — Secure both by using only Karaa ffnma Oisnoxx. Usgfad. fries la. 1 