OUR MELBOURNE .LETTER: FridMv'. Parliament will meet on' the 10th of June, not, as has been frequently the case in the aforetime for the despatch . of Ministers, but of business. The list of measures will be a heavy one ; but the' Land Bill, the Railway Bill and the Esti- mates will '.be the chief features of the session. The amendment of the, Local Government Bill will be alluded to in the speech ; but I; don't fancy the clauses struck out last session- will, be re-iritro- duced. Mr Tucker has a Rabbit Bil'j on lines which approach' nearer to common sense than the existing regulations for ensuring waste of public money) and Mr Deakiu will probably father in the Assem bly the amendment of the Water Conser vation Bill wliich enlarges tho powers of the trust?. Colonel "iargood has au amendment of his Defence Bill to propose to t'ne senators, and recent changes in the method of control of the Education De partment require special legislation. The sessien will probably open with a sharp criticism of the Treasurer in permitting so much as £420,000 of the public money to lie idle in one batik unsecured, and iu the Council by Colonel Sargood submitting to his peey? the interesting question of whet her .his seat has been forfeited by his acceptauce oi an office of profit. It is gossiped, and with truth,, that a public servant, who was recently 'detected in au act ©f conspicuous larceny, has, he- cause lie possesses Parliamentary friends and influence, been punished with simple dismissal, instead of being hunde.d, oyer to xhe jKilice. Political influence dies hard, and, as I have often said, will never be «3Xtiiii£iiished- A1 though almost, too important a matter io be djscusseil by a gossiper, the deputa tion of. the Aborigines Protection Society on Wednesday to the Chief Secretary dis closed several facts of unusual interest. Mr I I-rry pretty plainly intimated,. " Ye take too much upou you, ye sons of Belial," and told them. he was their ad ministrative head, and that they had no ri<dit to build permanent-dwellings for the" blacks, to sell the cattle raised upon the misra-u stations aud use the proceeds ; to dispose of forty acres of land as thi-y bad done to Mr Steel, and to make app.iint meats without consulting him, Beein!: as how he had to find the " sugar. The hist phrase is a Gardenerisai, not Mr Berry's. In reply, the deputation said the iiauding over of the land to Mr Steel was lut-ndy an exchange, and nrged the pecmiar distinction that if the cattle pur chased belonged to the Government, their projeny did not. Mr Berry also said that, from i;is recent personal inspection, he had arrived at the conclusion that archi tecture of an expensive aud permanent order was only wasted on the blacks, who sere more comfortable iu the hut life to which they had become accustomed, and that th<y should be permitted to camp at. the mission stations, aud wander to and iro between them with greater freedom. He also considered that the half-caste children should be boarded out, and em- r' tyiucni found for them away from the . tii-Hia ; so that they might be compelled ©work, aud gradually become absorbed the population. Touching this matter, I had. mi interesting conversation the other day with a gentleman who is in a position to be exceptionally well informed on aboriginal matters, who assured me that a large number of persons now maintained on the mission stations were practically not merely half-castes, but two-third whites, and that the main difficulty star ing 113 iu the faoe was, whether the mission stations were to be preserved as a Continuing institution mainly for the sup- I port and education of white men's bas- I tards. it really seems to me that the I itatious are under snch a l&x; system I of discipline, arising doubtless from I inprcrentablo circumstances, that they are I little- more than brothels far the nse of I their larrikin neighbors, and that the I proper course would be, as Mr Berry I points our, to force the ofispring of these I Unions out into the world, and preserve I only the remnant of their dark-hued I parents whom we have despoiled of their I inheritance. I The old Princess Theatre, where Ned I Yeoinans disported as clown when his I talented wife led the ring ; where George I Yactftt personated Dr Hunter, until our I rides ached with the resemblance of I the portrait; where the Gongenheims made I money, and Johnny Hall ran " Ixion" I for twenty-eight nights, until the unfeeling I company put out his light ; where 1 Conloa, Laglaire, Farquharsan, Leaa- 1 Rower and Octavia Hamilton first perl formed in an opera ; where the beautiful I Fanny Brown excited Bensuous audiences 1 8 Macppa on a grey cab-horse — the old 1 rri)iCub3, which recalls to us reminiscences I of Ast ley's and the Salle Valentino, which I has fluctuated from being the home of the 1 ehseic drama to the degradation ef a hay- 1 loit, the arena for prize-fighters, mass I Meetings and rat-fights, iB to come down 1 at last The Central Board of Health 1 have decreed that or the expiry of the 1 present, license this year no fresh one shall 1 b>r it, and the crumbling structure, 1 now falle away in dust if a heavy I tragedian but stamps upon its boards, will 1 ?U I"5 rl'laee<L let us hope, by aa or- I w6' i - 'a no'' likely a more comfort- I able, building, in the modern style. Poor 1 tTincsss 1 It ig associated with our earliest I collections — for it must be now nearly I siuce I first attended performances 1 itnin its' walls — but it has grewn old, ob 1 e, e> and the besom of new conditions I tU !lC 0T8r unfiiaked thirst for novelty is 1 ?u,' .to sweep it away to that bourne 1 a , i1 's known only to the purchasers of 1 ol« building materials." I , llll! outer of eur business men are en- 1 u£vor'n= to " get even" on their losses 1 S.c""nection with the failure of the I TOental Bank. Finding that in order to 1 uf 1,(1 -'f any note8 they may have by I en' a liberal discount must be conceded, 1 may now be bought at 15s 1 " new.C0UrBe has been adopted. In 1 we or two instances the establishments 1 jkye been closed "for stock- taking," at fl Mat so the card on the shutters sets forth. 1 Mid stock-taking it really is, and for the 1 adding from 15 to 20 per cent, a j- prices of the various goods retailed. 1 fee Per cent, on a stock worth, say, I comes to a neat little sum, and a 5J| .ti a long way to make good a ; ®>fiercy occasioned by the loss of a eWtdepoaitin the Oriental Bank. The ci.il4Jike and bland Celestial can ap- Y&totly; torn hia hand to anything. For P®" 'u ana around Little Bourke- we have had cabinetmakers have supplied the furniture ®toh<u!es with furniture at a much Jfap t rate than their European fellow- 'MUi n would dream of. I called in the othor day 'at' the shop of Ah Tung, and found him busily, engaged carving a number of small figures, and very well done they were too. " What are these, Ah Tung?" " Postles. '' " 'Postles ! why what the deuce do yon mean ?" " Ailee same twelve '"poStleB. you savee, ma make urn for Ciitolick bazaar." " And so you are making figures-of the Twelve Apostles how much do yon get for them ?" "Hap- a-clown each, except this one, allee same Paul) me gettee five hob for him — make um bigger and Ah Tung went stolidly on with his work. For myself, I fell to pondering on the peculiar circumstances of history, that in the nineteenth' century a Chinaman should be receiving five shillings for a wooden image of Paul the Apostle, while his brethren could be pro cured for halfa- crown each. Another photographer has been caught in the act of vending indecent pictures, and has been punished severely. This is as it should be. The only wonder is that niore of these gentry have not been discovered, for it has been notorious for 1 long time that these things have been openly hawked all over the city. Why, it was not so long ago that a shop in' tho centre of Bourke-street had certain cards exposed to public view, that may, cer tainly, have been works of art. If they were, all I can say is that this species' of art approaches nearly . the disgustingly indecent as anything can possibly be. Another remarkable fulfilment of a dream has come under my notice. The wife of a well known sporting writer dreamed that she saw- a race at Caul- field won by a ghost, .followed closely by a second disembodied spirit. Her husband, although not a superstitious man, as a rnle, has — as all turfites have, iriore or less — a tinge of that .. failing in his com position. He accordingly looked down the card, and at once spotted "Phantom," . on whom he placed a few pounds, a course followed by some of his friends, to whom he related the dream ; they getting on a neat little sura: at 5's to 1. The dream came off, for "Phantom" wen the race. The amount of sympathy experienced in Melbourne for General Gordon in his critical position at Khartoum is - really wonderful. Situated, as we are, far from the scene of operations, in which we are remotely interested, it would hardly be thought that, in the hurry aud bustle of every- day life, we could spare tho time for indignation at the course pursued by the Gladstone Government But it is not so, and already a public meeting is talked of to express that indignation in some definite form. I should hardly think Mr Gladstone would be much troubled by such an expression of Melbourne senti ment ; bnt it will serve to show that in our loyalty we are not blind to what is passing on the other side of the equator, and are net afraid to speak our minds. Bishop Moorhouse is very much in ear nest in 'the new movement that he has inaugurated, and which is styled the Social Purity Crusade. He has called meetings of his clergy, and has drawn up ' a code of rules to which they have all willingly subscribed. No. 2 of these rules contains the very pith of the movement, and is as follows : — ' ' That its objects be to promote the elevation of public opinion respecting social purity and improved ' legislation thereon, and, so far as possible, - to save from degradation not only the < young, but all who are exposed to danger, and to counteract the prevailing evil in- , fiuences in this colony." To my mind, the concluding fow worde contain more ; work for the worthy Bishop and his fellow workers than moct people wot of. I have lived a good many years in the colony, and have been a close ob server, and I know what a Herculean labor is before the gentlemen in question to counteract its evil influences. Mean while, it is interesting to note that in England a similar crusade is being entered on. 