WINNING A WIFE AMDA STEEPLECHASE. (Continued.) Shortly-after bre&kfostthe; -ji'ext morning - I accompanied my - host - round his very ex tensive block of buildings, whilst he pointed out the improvements made since be had become the"f>&6geBBor*6f the "property. Our last visit was to the stable, and. after I had admired his stud, which oonkietod of three usefal *looking hones of a racing appearance,', two of whioh were entered for some local events, I asked my host to finish his story. Having lit onr pipes we found a seat and he commenced--. ■ "_'I stayed at Tambo about a fortnight, ' said ho, ' before I had the ghost of aline from Lizzie, and I waB beginning to think I had betterclearont when one day, one of the boundary riders rode into Tambo, found me out, and handed me a note in writing.' I am almost ashamed to say how many times i I kissed it before I opened it, because it sounds stupid to anybody that wasn't as far gone as I'was.•. When'I read'' it, I found it' -v.^iraply directed' me to come back to the station and ask for a settlement, when further'instruction as to my behavior would be given me. I told the stockman it was nothing >v.ery important, shouted for him, and he' departed. The next morning I rode over to Mutalla, and went into the house as bold as braes—I may as well Mention that a certain young lady had met me on the road, and had told me what to do and Bay. It appears the old man had been very miser able since I had been away;' he had missed his usual game of cribbage very much since my depature; and his daughter, who used to go about the house singing like a nightin . gale, had confined herself torher room as much as .she could ever since'my absence. The hands on the Btation must have had a very rough time of it for a fortnight,'and everything seemed to go wrong, the usual result when a man is continually out of tem per. Matters having attained a certain pitch, my dear girl had thought it advisable for me to appear, under the impression that I should be asked to resume my duties under certain restrictions. 'Good morning,' said old Warley as I entered—'spent all your money, I suppose, and want, a cheque, eh !' 'I don't think you have any right to make such a remark,' replied 1 quietly. ' You at least have no reason to complain, —I earned it—nor to question my right to spend it how 1 like.' The old fellow looked at me very hard, drew a chair to his desk, and pulled out his cheque book. 'There is sixty-two pounds due you,' he Baid ; 'shall I make the cheque an opon one ?' 'If you please,'said I, and filling up the cheque he handed it to me, leaned back in his chair, and said in a slightly sarcastic tone, ' I suppose you will be starting for Brisbane to see some of your old acquain tances ; eh ?' 'My movements are at present very uncer tain,' I remarked, as I pocketed the cheque, ' but I have worked too hard for my money to fool it away ; of that I can assure you.' ' I like to hear you say that,' exclaimed old Warley, ' and I am sorry that circum stances make it necessary that we should part. Stay to dinner, my lad—in fact, stay for a day or two, if you like—there is a horse of yours in the paddock, ib there not 7 I saw him the other day—not a bad sort of animal—I'll buy him if you don't want him.' I declined to sell him for the present, as I wanted to have a look at him, and after a few common-place remarks, 1 strolled out to look at my charger. ' Not much chance of the old gentleman changing his mind, I sollioquised, as I went towards the paddock, ' I'm afraid my little girl ha«n't grasped the situation yet. It isn't likely be is going to • give his daughter to a poor fellow like I am.1 1 asked one of the Btockmen to run in my recent purchase, and I had a good survey of . him as he stood in the stock-yard, There was no mistake he had greatly improved with a fortnight's grass and rest, andl could see that I ha<l purchased a really first-class animal at about a tenth of his value. 'He'Bagood 'un, Mr. George,' remarked the stockman, as he slipped a bridle over his head previous to leading him to the Btable ; 4 he locks almost as good a bred 'un as Don Pedro.' A little explanation is necessary here, Don l'edru waB a blood horse which was being trained on Mutalla station by a man from Brisbane, who was to train aDd ride him at the forthcoming Tambo steeplechase. He had been purchased by Mr. Warley at a good figure for station purposes, but the temptation to beat all his neighbors had been too strong for the old gentleman, and he intended entering him for the steeple, for which he was sure to be a favorite., He was a dark brown stallion of immense power, and judging from thehorses aboutthedistrict, he was the only one likely to be in it. The old gentleman was very proud of him, and I believe he entertained the idea that he was good enough to beat anything this side of the line. This is a weakness amongst coun try horse owners, and it takes a long series of losses to convince them of their mistake —but to go on with my Btory— ' There is no doubt about his being a good one, Tom,' I replied. ' It is quite likely he has been stolen from somewhere on the New South Wales side. However, they are not likely to look for him here, so I shall keep him till somebody that has a better right to him than myself claims him. Take him up to the stable, give hiin a rub and a feed of maize; I may want him in the morning. I then returned to' the house, where dinner was already waiting. A smile was my greeting from Miss Warley, who met me at the door and whispered, ' Whatever father asks you to do, consent like a dear fellow—it will all come out right some day —don't forget, ' and preceding me into the dining room where the old gentleman had already seated himself, we commenced dinner. It wasn't a particularly lively one, but I consoled myself by a few stolen glances at Lizzie, who returned them with interest whenever she got the chance."'' The old \ fellow appeared to be quite absorbed in something that didn't.even allow him time to look at ub, and when at last dinner was ■ finished and cleared away, hie got up, stood, in front of the .fireplace, and lopking ..the pair of us in the face said, ' Yok're a pair of fools, and I'm a bigger ono for listening' to that huBsy of mine; but I've promised to. make you liii offer, and I'll keep my word. You .say yoii love njy. daughter. • ' Now, don't gofyray' (this was to Lizzie, who attempted to leaveTthe room); • I want you to listen as well as him, and I want you both to promise to abide by whatever I propose—that is, jf,you .accept the .terms. You love my daughter, eh ?' 'Better than anything in the world,'I answered, fervently. ' All you fellows say and think the same I thing when you see anybody that catches your passing fancies,' said the old man, grimly. 'Now, what are you prepared todo to prove this disinterested attachment ?—all manner of impossible things, I suppose.' (I iyu a'>ou'i spBak, but he stopped me.) Well, I'll give you the chance of some thing, not only possible, but profitable, to so? what you're made.of. Wilt you do it ?' 'Try me,'I answered,firmly; 'yourgood sense will not let you ask for impossibili ties,' 'Certainly not,'said be. 'Listen. I have a large block of country taken up on the Mitchell, about 400 miles from here; It is unstocked at present. If you like to take up the stock and carry on the station for two years to my satisfaction, and without seeing Lizzie here but once a year—Christ*1 ! anii^oj/shall nave a half share in the newjaouiftry and mtook;What 'do you say ?. No hesitation— yea or bo I' Hooked at Lizzie, whose daar little mouth shaped itself into' Yes,' and replied— 'X agree to your terms, sir, utilesB cir cumstances should arise that may lead you l#rTihorten,th&nt;!niB.J ■•.Notmuch.fear,' said i the -old- gentleman, laughing; 'land l-rely on your word (not to induce my daughter to enter into amy other terms than what I have proposed, Jthave her promise to abide by the result of .your fotore crertion. Now: you two can go for a ride together. l am going to have a short !He didn't Require to tell-us twioe. In about five minuteB we were. .galloping over the plains as happy «* two children, the two years appearing, to me but a short time to wait for suoh happiness, for I had never dreamt of attaining iti Iw three montbs.I was to start, and my I .d&Hywork; went,On with the eame regularity its it had done before. A fortnight after my return, the trainer to whom I had lent Bayard as a .stable oom I panion for Don Pedro, oalled me on .one side very mysteriously one day, and led me I into the stable. I ' That 'ere horse o* yourn, Mr. George,' I said he, ' is a plum. Why, it takes the I Don all. he knows to lead him over--a mile. I Of course it oan't last with him, 'cob the I Don's been in training these sis monthB, I but. if I was • you I'd enter him for the I Hurdles. H^ s bound to make 'em go for i it. It's only two mites, and we can get 1 him in pretty-.good .form in Bix weeks, agin [ the races come off. The ■ entries close next ■, I week. If you don't care about • entering ! | him,.let me have a.flutter, will you?' I ■ ^ laughed, and told him -I'd consider. I about it, and a promised to come over one I morning and gi vie him a spin. The fact was, all my spare moments had been so muoh oc I cupied with other matters (I needn't tell you what they were) that I had not thought much about my purchase. True, I had I taken a few banters on him, and found him I a'very pleasant mount and an easy mover, I but so far as noticing his racing powers I it had never entered my mind. A day or two afterwards, however, I de termined to give him a breather with Mr. Warley's crack; and, having arranged with the trainer, we started out one morn I i00 to an extempore racecourse, adorned I with the same number of good stiff hurdles I and timber jumps as Don Pedro would have I to negotiate at Tambo. ' I wouldn't try him at the big timber, tr,' said Jem Walsh, the trainer, as he Stripped the Don, who looked a picture, and I mounted him; ' I don't think your horse is up to the big jumps yet. I ain't tried 'im, I but I wouldn't chance it if I was yon. Come | ilong, sir.' I , And the two of iis started at a smart I canter round the course previous to sending 1 1 them at the jumps. I I ! There is nothing more inspiriting than | being mounted on a good horse, galloping Over the green turf side by side with inother one, both eager to beat 'each other. The horses seem to like it as much as the riders, and as ^they crane their necks and pull at jthe reins, in eager desire to make the pace faster, both riders and horses seem [ to be animated with a spirit. of emulation I enjoyment that no other exercise ■ can I give, and as we gradually increased the pace I began to feel the blood bound through my veins. ; 'I'll give you a lead,' said Jim, as we started to take the hurdles, ' let 'im 'ave his I lead just before he jumpsand then lift 'im,' ' I ind Jim popped over the first hurdle like a | bird, Bayard following with scarcely an ef fort. Eight hurdles were negotiated safely I it a fair pace, and then Jim pulled up, de I elatingit was quite enough lor my green 'un. 'Jumps well, don't he»' said Jim, as we walked the horses home. I ■ 'Splendidly,' I replied ; • why he took I them in his stride as if they were nothing. I have a good uiind to enter him for the I steeplechase.' ' I wouldn't if I was you,' remarked Jim, " the distance is too long—ihiee miles, and there ain't time to train liim. He'd do the jumps, but he'd be nowhere at the finish.' I ' Well, I sho.iKl be able to give you a good I lead for a couple of miles,' said. I, 'and it I might help you to win it.' ' There ain't nothing in it but the Don,' said Jim, sententiously, and, having stabled our horses, I had my breakfast, and went on I with my usual duties. Before the end of the week, however, and before the entries closed, we received intelli I gence that a well known cross country horse from Brisbane was likely to be entered, and I even the confident Jim, when he heard the I name of the probable competitor, shook his I head as he said—' I know that' 'ere 'orse, I sir; he belongs to a bookmaker, and he I I jumps like a cat. They won't bring him up here unless tliey are pretty sure of winning, ! | you bet.' So, after a few consultations, it j was decided that Bayard should be nomi I nated for the steeple, so as to force the run- | I "jug for the stranger, and, if possible, bring I linn to grief. Three days afterwards, the j nominations appeared, and amongst them I the name of Bayard and the formidable 1 stranger, whose name wbb Comet. •I see,' remarked old Warley, the following evening, after my beating hirn five games of , | crib, an operation that hadn't improved his temper; ■ I see that you have nominated that old crook of yours for the steeple. Pity I you couldn't find something better to do I with your money.' ' You may feel very glad I have done so,' replied I; 'he is very fast, and will be of! good help, so Jim says, in foroiug the pace I for our friend from Brisbane.' ' Bab,' said old Warley, contemptuously j 1 *iie is about as fast as a cow, 1 could run I faster than him myself.' 41 would like to bet you twenty poundB I lead the Don over two miles' said I j quietly. , .'I''1 bet you a thousand he never sees his tail after they start,' said the old man, cat ting very red in the face; ' a lot you know I about pace, v„ Ak°n!iJils Jnuoh 88 y°u about orib bage, said I, for I was getting vexed. The geu ierman *ea!!y played ian excellent game, but I could not resist the' temptation of saying something nasty; But it bUrtthe TPJn HI8 ?eRk for he really I fancied himself the best player for miles I around. ' That is your opinion,' he said, with 'a I fineer.ana his face white "with passion: *ha 1 now listen to me. You wanted to make a wager with me. I'll lay you one, and what is more, you will have to take it. You are to marry my daugbterin two years if all goes ^ j , ' that raoe with your old oro.k, you shall marry her the day after ^i°u §.eil stakes, and if you don't win you slian t have her for five years. It's a wager and I shan't scratch it,' and, slamming the door, hB disappeared for the night, whilst I went to my bed in a state of mind tar from pleasant, Bt having let my temper get the better of my discretion. I may men tion that Lizzie was on a visit to aneighbor ing station about twentyrfive miles away. (Toll coti-cludtd in our next.) The author of the "Ingoldnby Legends" used to tell a story of the complete discom nturc of a wit of no inferior order by a mcs Sftg?> politely dolivercd at a supper party by a little girl : " Jf you please, Mr. Jouob," said the child, " mamma sends her compli ments, and would be" obliged if you would begin to be funny." 