GREAT BRITAIN. BUDDHISM IN RELATION TO CHRISTIANITY. At the last large meeting, held in February, of the Victoria (Philosophical) Institute, 7 Adelphi Terraoe, London, a paper was read by the Rev, R. C. Colling, M.A., on Buddhism in relation to Christianity. Referring to the parallel! between the persons and characters of Buddha and Jesus Christ, hessid:—Take, as a prominent instance, the birth stories. I need not here give detail), whloh are to be found In any modem work on Buddhism. The supposed miraculous conception; the bringing down of Buddha from the Tusita heaven; the D&vas; acknowledging his supremacy; the presentation in the Temple, When the images of Indra and other gods threw themselves at his feet; the temptation by Marawhloh legends are embellished by the modern writer I have already quoted, under such phrases as "CoDoeived by the Holy Ghost," " Born of the Virgin Maya." " Song of the Heavenly Host," "Presentation In the Teinple and Temptation In the Wilderness "—none of these is found In the early P≪ texts. The simple story of ancient Buddhism is that an ascetic, whose family name was Gautama, preached new doctrine of human suffering, and a new way of deliveranoe from It. There Is no thought In the early Buddhism, of which we read In the Pali texts, of deliverance at the hands oj a god • but the man Gautama Buddha stands alone In his striving after the true emancipation from sorrow and ignorance. The acoounts of his descending from heaven, and being conceived Inthe world of men when a preternatural 1 ght shone over the worlds, the blind received sigh^ the dumb Bang, the lame daaoed. the sick ere cured, together with all lsbments, are certainly added by later ands: and if here we recognise some ather remarkable likenesses m thought r expression to things familiar to B in our Bibles we need no; be stonished, when we reflect how peat ust have been the influence, as I have before hinted, of the Christian story * India in the early centuries oft!* Christian era, and, perhaps. Ion quently. This is a point which much overlooked; but i is abundantty evident from, among other proofe, «» story of the god Krishna, which u » manifest parody of ^e h«tory of ObJ The BkagatxitCUta, a tbeowphioalpo® ut intothe mouth of Krishna, untiring unique among the the Bast, containing oaany gems orj^ we should call Ohris^n trut^ weg from their proper setting to »dorti creation of tbe Brabinan P ^ ^ eating as plainly th^ ongm AS do » storiel of his life in the so that it has not unreM^bly b^ concluded that the stdry of KM**™ inserted in the MaU-Bharata a divine sanction to the.p^®™ '„ f B If, then, as there is tbeBtamgf* to believe, the Ohriitlanjrtom where betweiin the, first centuries of the 'Christian erM«™S itself into the great. Hindp was at of remarkable pdefn tbfit evtt ^ Ifeht iri In&fc;, om WHgiSgig home and colonial application* toTotothe Institute as guinea subscribers weie received, and its object bepg to quBBi.« nt tj, e Bible—a discus- which Mr. Hormuzd ir Leitner, [ieitner, from in Lahore, iarnest student studt of the question during 25 i years' rc residence in Oevlon, Professor Ebys DE Davids, and others"took . t^b part; naff. • all agreeing aarreeinff iin n and confirming the statements of Mr. Collins' •RV_ T NI IN M LVWAN«VTI F TT 1 A»A DBper Dr. Leitner brought a large number of photographs of early Indian and Tartar sonilptureS, Showing the first Introduction of the Christian story into those monuments between about the second and tenth oeriuries, and he pointed out the value of suoh additional confirmation of Mr. Collins* statements. 