Buddhism In Relation to Christi anity. At tho last largo meeting hold in Fobruary, by tho Victorian (Philosophical) Institute, 7, Adolphi Torraco. London, a papor was road by tho Rov. II. 0. Collins, M.A., on Buddhism in relation to Christianity. Iioforring to tho parallols botwoon tho persons and characters of Buddha and Josus Christ, ho said Take, as a prominont instance, tho birth storios. I need not lioro givo dotails, which are to bo found in any modorn work on Buddhism. Tho suppose! miraculous conception ; tho bringing down or Buddha from tho Tusita hoavon ; tho Devas acknowledging his supremacy ; tho prosontation in tho tomplo, when tho imagos of Indra and other gods throw thorasolves at his foot ; tho .temptation by Mara — which logonds aro oin bollishod by tlio modorn writer I havo already quoted, under such phrasos as ' Conceived by tho Holy Ghost,' ' Born of tho Virgin Maya, ' ' Song of tho lioavonly host.' ' Prosontation in tho Templo and temptation in tho wilderness ' — nono of those is foi'.nd in tho oarly Pali texts. Tho simple story of ancient Buddhism is that an ascetic, whoso family namo was Gautama, preached a now doctrino of human suffering, and a now way of dolivoranco from it. Thoro is no thought in tho early Buddhism, of which wo road in tho Pali texts, of dolivoranco at tho hands of a god ; but tho man Gautama Buddha stands alono iu his striving aftor tho truo eman cipation from sorrow and ignoranco. Tho ac counts of his descending from hoavon, and bo ing concoivod in tho' world of mon, whon a pretornatural light shono over tho worlds, tho blind received 3iglit, tho dumb sang, tho lamo danced, the sick woro curod, togothor with all such embellishments, aro certainly added by lator hands ; and if here wo rocogniso somo rather remarkable likeness in thought or ex pression to things familiar to us in our Bibles wo need not be astonished, whon wo reflect how groat must have been tbo influonco, as I havo before hinted, of tho Christian story in India in tho early centuries of tho Christian era, and porhnps, long subsequently. This is a point which has been much overlooked ; but it is abundantly ovidont from, among other proofs, tho story of tho god Krishna, which is a mani fest parody of the history of Christ. Tho lihagawd-Gita, a thoosophical poem put into tho mouth of Krishna, is something uniquo ?among tho productions of tho East, containing many gems of what we should call ( 'hristian truth .wrested from thoir proper sotting, to . adorn this creation of the Brahman poot and in dicating as plainly thoir origin as do tho stories ?of his lifo in the Mahu- Jiharaia ; so thut it has not unreasonably beon concluded thot tho story of Krishna was inserted in the Muli'i-liharata to furnish a divine sanction to tho Bhagavaia Gita ? If, then, as thoro is tho strorgost roason to boliovo, tho Christian story, somewhere botweou the first and tonth centuries of tho Christian era, forced itsolf into tho groat Hindu opic, and was at tho foundation of tho most remarkable poem that evor saw the light in India, can wo bo surprised if wo find similarly borrowed and imitated wonders in tho lator Buddhist stories also ? Several Homo aud Colonial applications to join tho Institute as guinea Subscribers wero received, and its object bom;? to investigate all philosophical and. scientific questions, ospeciully . any said ? to militate a-raiust -hc truth of tho Biblo, — a dis cussion ensued in which Mr. Aomuzd Russam, Prufessor Loitiior, from Lahore, Mr. Golos, an , earnest student of tho question during 25 yoars' residenco in Ceylon, Professor Rhys Davids, and others took part. All agreeing iu and coufirm tho statements of Mr. Collins' paper. ? Dr.; Loitnor brought a largo number of photographs of early Indian and Tartar sculptures, showiti;,* tho first introduction of tbo Christum stoiy into thoso monumonts between about tho second and tonth centuries, and ho pointed out tho valuo of such additional confirmation of Mr. Collins' .-statements. 