Football Notes. BY MAGENTA, Owing to some bungling for which I must own myself responsible my notes on the match Port v. South Adelaide played on the Alberton Oval on Saturday week were not published, and as they would be stale now, I will content myself with a few comments on the general play. The Ports had the same ill-luck they had on the previous Saturday with the Norwoods, viz: a strong wind to kick against; but, notwithstanding, they startedjoff with their old dash, and in about twelve minutes managed to draw first blood. Their success continued during the half, and in my opinion, although the Souths played excellently, they ran rings round them. During the second half, the play was more even, until the last quarter of an hour, when the Magentas seemed to be thoroughly paralysed, and but for bad kicking on the part of Bushell, the game should have been 6 to 4. However, it stands at a draw, and South Adelaide remains unbeaten with a big show for the premiership. Of the general play all round, the Ports' was the better, but their big and little marks were not so clean; they were stronger, more active, and kicked more accurately than their opponents, and an absence of selfishness was apparent. Harzy Smith's back play cannot be too strongly admired, and the same may be said of Kerr who did not give Bushell a ghost of a chance. Noel was very active and always on the ball, bat I do not intend to speak more of individual play, seeing that it would be necessary to mention almost every man in the forty. I wish specially, however, to refer* to Bushell's forward play. He is a good kick, and plays with dash and vigor; but in my opinion wants more watching by the umpire than any of the forty, 1 mean for his little mark- giving. His great strength enables him to crush all opponents, and no matter how thick the ruck, if the ball be on the ground, Bushell has only to manoeuvre a little, and having obtained possession, he backs, and fills, and elbows, until one of his own men comes up, and holds the ball on some part of his foot, whence it is taken off, and an appeal for a little mark is allowed. The umpire cannot see this, and I think it time that some attention should be drawn to the necessity of making a rule, regulating the lengths to which little marking should go. In my opinion there should be a deliberate kick, and not a throw off the boot, and a space of two or three feet should intervene between kicker and marker, so that the same opportunity for spoiling a little mark should be given as for spoiling a long mark. I daresay these remarks will be adversely criticised in soma quarters, but on the whole £ think all lovers of fair sport will agree that some little science as well as brute strength should be introduced in little marking. The Ports have no reason to congratulate themselves on their victoiy over the South Parks, at the Adelaide oval on Saturday last, the play from beginning to end being generally bad, considering what the Ports are able to accomplish. As usual, the game did not commence until the patience of the onlookers was well nigh exhausted; but it Is becoming a stereotyped phrase to say the game was commenced late, and for the future I don't intend to mention it. No advantage was gained by the Parks winning the toss, as there was very httle wind. Of course it was expected that the Ports would make a big score against their opponents ; but somehow the knowing players on the Port side seemed to despise the Parks, and to imagine that all they had to do was to make a "gallery' exhibition, and let the honest workers win the match. Usually it is the rule to single out the good players in a football contest: m these notes I intend to mention those deserving censure; and I trust my remarks may be taken in the kindly spirit in which they are meant, and tend to improve .the all-round play of the team. I am a strong supporter of, and a firm believer in the Ports, and am certain that they have in them the stuff to make a premier club; but they lack discipline. This was more manifest on Saturday than at any previous match I have witnessed. Turpenny (a good captain) must have made himself hoarse, calling out to the men to play the ball, yet no notice whatever was taken of these orders. Why? Surely if twenty men amongst themselves agree to elect a leader, they should be bound hard and fast by his orders, else why have a leader? There, were several captains in the match on Saturday, next to Turpenny, who had the appointed right. Nosworthy was most prominent, in his loud comments and unnecessary appeals to the umpire. I grant the umpire was slow and inexperienced ; but his slowness and inexperience, •which caused him to give incorrect decisions, was as bad for one side as the other, and I heard no such noise, not to say abuse, fall from any of the Park's players. Appeals to the umpire were too frequent to convince any outsider that the game was a friendly contest. Nosworthy is a good player, and with a little less noise, and a spirit more amenable to discipline, will do service to his club. Compare his play with little Kirkpatrick's and the public will understand what I mean. Next comes Smith. All round I believe it would be hard to beat Smith ; he is a good strong back player, a splendid wing man, when brought forward on Saturday, he demonstrated his capacity for filling any position in the team. But his self-play spoiled him and nearly spoiled his club. They could have had several more goals had he followed up his almost faultless play bypassing the ball to a comrade when he had no chance. McKenzie and Harnett in their too evident desire to go for the man, were beaten in every point by inferior players ; and several others deserve severe censure. However, I trust these remarks will have the effect I desire, and teach those who are inclined for selfish and rough play to curb their tendencies. All round, the Ports played execrably, and left the hard work to Turnbull, Kerr, Kirkpatrick, Smith, Letchfield, Smith, Cairns, and the followers. Their little marking was disgraceful, compared with that of the Parks, indeed it was frequently remarked that so sure as there was a scrimmage so sure it would be found that out of it the Parks had got a mark, and only their superior weight won for the Ports a game, in which skill on their side at least was very feebly exhibited. Semaphore Juniors v. Albert Victors. These Clubs met on the ground of the former on Saturday, May 31, and played a well contested game* which resulted in a win for the Juniors by 2 goals, kicked by Webb (1), Ellery (1), and 6 behinds to 1 goal kicked by James, and 8 behinds. The winners were best represented by Walker, Ellery, Lakie, Sadler, and Yeo, while James, Stephens, Bond, Doyle, and Collet, played a splendid game for the loosers. W. Dean made an efficient umpire. 