BUDDISM IN RELATION TO CHRISTIANITY. At the meeting held in Febru ary, by the Victoria (Philosophical} Institute 7, • delphi Terrace, 7 ondon, a p:iper was read by the Rev R C Collins, MA, on Buddhism in relation to Christianity. Referring to the parallels between the persons and characters of Buddha and Jesus Christ, he said; -- Take as a prominent instance, the birth stones. [ need not here give details, which are to be found in any modern work on Buddhism. The supposed miraculous conception ; the bringing down of Buddha from the Tusita heaven; the Devas acknowledging his supremacy ; the the presentation in the Temple, when the images of Indra and other gods threw themselv«K at Jii* feet; the temptation by Mara —which legends -are embellished by the modern writer I have already quoted, nnder such phrases as ' Conceived by the Holy Ghost," "Born of the Virgin Maya," " ^ong of the heavenly host," Presentation in the Temple and temptation in the wilderness"— none of these aie found in tlie «ariy Pali texts. The ..story of ancient Buddhism is that an abcetic, whose family name was Gautama, preached a new doctrine of human suffering, a-<d a new way of deliverance from it. There is no thought in the early Buddhism, of which we iead in the Pali texts, of deliverance at the hands ot a god; but the man Gautama. ' uddhn stands alone in his striving after the true emancipation from sorrow and ignorance. The accounts of his descending from heaven, and being conceived in the . world of men, when a preternatural light shone over the worlds, the blind rece ved sight, the dumb sang, the iame danced, the sick were cured, together with all such ernbel ishments, are certainly added by later hands; and if here we recognise some rather remarkable likenesses in thought or eX: ression to things familiar to us iu our bibles $re eed not be astonished when we reflect hoV great must have been the influence, as I have before hinted, of the Christian story in India in the early centuries of tlu Christian era, and, perhaps, long subsequently This is a po in: which ha< been much overlooked; but it is abundantly evident from among other proofs, the story of the god Krishna, which is a manifest parody of the history of Christ. Bhagavat-Gtia, a theosophical poem put into the mouth of Krishna, is something unique among the productions of the : ast, containing many gems of what we shou'd call Christian truth wrested from their proper setting, to adorn this creation of the Brahmaa poet and indicating as plainly their origin as do the stories of his life in Maha-BItarata; so that it has not unrpasonably been concluded that the story of Krishna was iLserled in the Maka-Bhdrata to furnish a divine sanction to the Bhcujavat- GUa. If, then, as the e is the strongest reason to believe, the Chri tian story, somewhere between the first and tenth centuries of the Christian era, forced itself into the great Hindu epic, and wasat the foundation of the most remarkab e poem that ever saw the light in India, can we be surprised if we find similarly borrowed and imitated wonders in the later Buddhist st ries also? several Home and Colonial application, to join the Institute as gainea Subscribers were received, and its oDj cts being to investigate ail philosophical and scientific questions, especially any said to militate against the truth of the Bible,—.a discussion ensued in which Mr Hormuzd R ssam. « rofessor Leitner, from Lahore. Mr Col.-s. an earnest student of the question during 25 years residence in Ceylo i, Professor Leitne Khys Davids, and others took part. All agreeing in and confirming the -t terpen ts of Mr Collin's paper. J.r Leitner brought a large number of photographs of early Indian and Tartar sculp ures, showing the first introduction of* the Christian story into those monuments between about the second and tenth centuries and he pointed out the value of such additional confirmation of Mr Collins' statements. W M When Mr Ivo Bligh married Sir W J CUrke : s adopted daughter, the happy P pair retired to a house at Macedon which had been prepared for them to spend the honeymoon. The happy bridegroom strolled out to smoke a cigar, leaving the lady to prepare for rest, this she did but her lord did not return. She passed the uight alone and unconsolable, at daybreak she roused the house and began to search for him, He had wandered too far and had got bushed within 300 yards of the nuptial couch ! A CURIOUS STORY.—At the Dudley Police Court, a singular story was tuid by an oli wo nan named Margaret Dstheribge, who was charged with drunkenness, She omplaintd that the people she had en iched ha I neglected her and wished to g t rid of her. Pressed by the Bench, she explained that in July last she gave all her 8 viugs, about £100, to a woman at Kite's Hill to kee^i her as long as she lived, as she could n >t help herself. Now the woman 'nagged ''her until she had no peaoe. and nfteu refused her fond. The chief constable was instructed to inquire into the matter. A SHREWD MINISTBR.—There is a Methodist minister in Georgia who is said to be well known throughout the South, and who is about to celebr .te his golden wedding. It is a happy event, and he has published an encyclical letter srith a view of promoting organised effort among those who intend to make presents to himself and wife He remarks in a modest way—"Bridal presents were not in fashion when we were married, and we do not expect them now." Well knowing, however, that this modest disclaimer of any expectation of present 1 will not be accepted, he adds—'"If, however, Florida sends us a box of oranges, Virgina a bucket of oysters, and Georgia will furnish me cigars, then the other States and the rest of mankind may do as they please." The e is both liberality and good sense in this letter, and it may be the beginning of a great reform in the practice of giving wedding presents. LUXURIES OF RUSSIAN "PRISONS. — An Englishman dwelling at St Petersburg has been induced, by the report of atrocities committed in the Russian pr sons, to visit them himself and to forwa d an unprejudiced report. The worst, horrors were a legwl against the Troubetskoi Bastion,, wh-ch proved to be a charming residence The .cells are twentyTone feet long, eleven broad and- twelve high, with a window beautifully clean seven feet by three. They have bedsteads and straw mattresses, airc osets and wasbpt mds, faud e ectricbells to Funimon an attendant. The- punishment room 's just as neat^and comfortable; the knout is unheard of • and the v.nly means o enforcing .discipline, apparently is substitution- of a rug for the mattress, and the blocking out of the light. The gaolers are men chosen for their gopd conduct,, and their wives wait upon the female prisoners. Dinner consists of soup, half a pound of meat stewed with beetroot for each person, and as much of it as they like; a second course of beef, and half-a-pound of potatoes, aad a salt cucumber. It is conveyed in vessels which keep it almost at boiling heat while carried to the cells: After this unbiased account, nobody will be astonished to hear that, the Nihilists -in Troubetskoi Bastion,are quite happy. All they complain o2 is a ceitain loneliness and the noise of the fortress clock. ; Such very comfortable quarters .are a bad training- for the' Siberian journey. 