Hints for Nursing. The following excellent advice is given by a medical man in Chambers' s Journal: — Quietude is a great thing, of course; but real quietude means the absence of all excitement, and it must be remembered that anything out of the common will tend to excite the mind of a sufferer. Do not therefore walk on tiptoe, for tons, in addition to its unusual elabora tion of the gait, invariably causes a certain amount of creak ing. Speak in low tones, but don't whisper; a whisper will often awake a sleeper who would not be disturbed by ordi nary conversation ; and never say ' Hush ! ' Let your clothing and foot-covering be of as noiseless and unobtru sive a character as possible, and, instead of gliding and tottering about like a rickety ghost, do not hesitate to walk. If you have occasion to say anything in the room, say it so that the patient can hear it if he wishes, and do not let him be aware of your conspiring privately with the others, espe cially at the door, lhat door has much to answer for. If it be visible from the bed, people open it cautiously, put their heads in, and slowly withdraw again. If, as is more frequently the case, it is screened by the bed-curtains, mys terious openings and shuttings are heard, unattended with any apparent ingress or egress, and sotto vote colloquies go on outside. When you enter do so honestly and at once ; do rot spend five minutes in turning the handle, like a house breaker, thereby producing a series of irritating little clicks, finally terminating in a big snap, with which the door flies open. If the latch be at all rusty a handle that is slowly wound back in this way will often stick, and either require to be raffled back into position, or, If left as it is, may start back suddenly after a time of its own accord with a report like a pietolshot. It is always well to recollect that it by no means follows that a sick person is asleep because his eyes are shut ; he may be acutely conscious of all that is passing in the room, though ucable or unwilling to make any sign ; and nothing can be more maddening, under such circum stances, than to have people hush-sh- shing and whispering around, and creaking about on the tips of their toes. We have all sympathised in our hearts with poor Sir Leicester Dedlock when his tongue was smitten with paralysis, with his sister constantly bending over him with clasped hands and muimuring, ' He is asleep ! ' — till, goaded ,to des peration, he makes signs for his slate and writes, ' I am not.' 