GHOSTS OR NO GHOSTS. By J. C. "On, I don't believe in ghosts and haunted houses at all. It is all bosh and nonsense, only dreams of a sickly and depraved imagina tion. "And why, pray, do you not believe?" said All. "Do you question it because of the impossibility or the improbability? If you take it on the former score you will find some dificulty in your proof, if you admit that there is anything beyond the saeferlal a something intangible to the outward senses; if you advance the improbability, why you know as well as I do that you know nothing, absolutely nothing, about the matter, and never will know until it is too late for us to benefit from what you have learned." "It is useless arguing about it. It must be simply put out of doors." "Well," my dear fellow, "if that is the way we must look at this question, what else can we say about the thousand and one other questions which arise from the unknown. lRemember, your scepticism is only of a very recent date, and is a part of that great plpgue of doubting which assails other dogmas you would lose your right hand sooner than fore swear. Few philosophers, either ancient or modern, doubt the possibility of existence apart from the contingency of matter-" " O, hang it, man, don't talk psychology. We belong to a practical age, and I am not going to believe every old woman's tale, when she is terrified out of her senses by the sour. 3y rying of a rat over the floor, or the scratching re of a mouse behind the wainscot. My own eg experience is evidence against it sufficient to id my mind." s " Well, if you want an experimental proof 3- I am glad I can give it to you." Id "You I why I never thought you held con A verse with the invisible. Surely to goodness cr you're not a medium l" 2- "No matter what I am, I will give you a s, chance of putting your scepticism to the n proof-that is, you know, if you are willing, f for to tell the truth, without questioning your 10 own courage in the least, I have found you y sceptics not too eager to test the truth when e the opportunity is offered you. S Alf and I were seated in one of the fine old d houses of Northern Tasmania-one of those 3, houses which remind us so much of the 5 "stately homes" of the old country. The d early colonists of the "Tight Little Island " were thorough Britons, and carried with them 3, all the Englishman's ideas of comfort and e stability. Cairnstock House might have been 1, taken bodily by some genius like Aladdin's 0 slave, and placed in the middle of Yorkshire d or Surrey, and no stranger would have noticed II much difference between it and its neighbors, a unless that its broad verandah would look a s little incongruous in a country where they e think so much of the sun rays that they re e ceive all they can of them, and intercept none that will escape a parasol or umbrella. The asurroundings were picturesque in the extreme. At the bottom of a sloping lawn there flowed t a broad, silent river, which had in its im s petuous youth leaped over a precipice and ' thundered in rapids, but now glided calmly d a d majestically through wide meadows and a the hills rose tier after' tier, until they cul f minated in a peak, whose summit always h received the earliest winter's snow. It was a it lonely enough position, however, as the e nearest neighbor was ten miles away. Alf n and his sister lived in the old house, and it gracefully played host and hostess to many ' uests. I had met them in Paris. One Sun. Sday morning while enjoying a contemplative y cigar on the top of Napoleon's Are De I- Triomph,and surveying the unrivalled urban e views which can be caught from that position t alone, I was attracted by a silvery laugh, it which came from the rosiest lips in that city t of the beautiful. Ada and her brother Alf o Meadows had been like myself admiring the g magnificence of the Queen city. As they were a strangers I did the guide to them, and pointed e out the beauties of the Tuileries, the Louvre, y the Invalids and the other show places. We a became friends, and it was not very long it until I fairly succumbed, and was the devoted s slave of the beautiful Ada. Certainly I was Sa little taken aback when I discovered my e acquaintances came from the opposite side t of the world, but "love conquers all things," o and space in the bargain, and before we had known each other six months I was ready a not only to risk a sixteen thousand miles d journey, but even veritable transportation it itself, provided I could claim her as my own e in the end. t I had arrived at Cairnstock House the d very day (23rd December) on which the fore 5 going conversation had taken place, and I eomewhat unexpectedly, as I had completed e some business in Melbourne more quickly a than I had hoped. Ada had gone to see y some friends, and was not expected home i until the next day, and I had to be contented 1- with the company of her brother, a dear, o good friend, but scarcely a satisfactory substi 3- tute. After dinner I happened to say that r, the position and surroundings of the house I. would bring to mind one of those haunted 0 establishments of which old country folk think they have the monopoly. I was sur d prised to see my brother.in-future take the y matter, as the French say, au grand serieux, n asd actually consider the possibility of 1- spiritual manifestations. As this was so foreign to his usual 4evil-mecare characteris a ties, I ventured on the inevitable chaff, but I was still more astonished at seeing All's face ir lose all its buoyancy, and assume something g very like the aspect of fear. I had not the e slightest idea of what he meant by his final r, proposal, and asked him to explain himself. g He remained for some time in deep thought g and at last said: e "You have a right to know all about it, and therefore as it is a family matter I shall tell you, though when you have heard the .t story you will understand why we don't much r care to speak about it to outsiders. He a paused again and then proceeded: "My grandfather came out to Van Dieman's Land among the earliest of the colonists. He had been in the army, and therefore very easily got. all the fine land which you can see for miles around us. The climate of the country suited him and his family well, and indeed it would have been a Swonder if the old warrior had not contented himself in such a country after his life of toil and battle. Unfortunately he had all the sternness and harshness of the soldier, and these were exaggerated by the position of absolute masterdom in which he found him self. You'are aware, I suppose, that the con. victs were assigned as servants throughout the colony, but you are not aware that in ninety.nine cases out of a hundred the un fortunates were the slaves, and nothing else, of their masters. Certainly they were the very outcasts and dregs of society, degraded by every sort of crime and ready for any I description of villainy. There is scarcely a square mile of Tasmania which has not its tale of murder and outrage, and I remember well all over the island the gibbets on which were hung in chains the bodies of.many an outlaw and bushranger. But these wretches were men at least, and they were treated as brute beasts, and we need scarcely say they gave beasts' service. You cannot conceive the horror which this lovely island witnessed -much less can you conceive the causes which in many instances occasioned if they did not account for them. "My grandfather for a long time had very little trouble with his servants. The strict discipline to which he accustomed everyone made him feared and respected by all around him, but gained him little good will amongst his dependents. Amongst his assigned ser vants there was one who had contrived to worm himself a little into the confidence of his master by sneaking and tale-bearing on his fellows. It is ohe of the misfortunes, or, rather, the penalties of slavery that it insen. sibly vitiates the character of the masters themselves. The old soldier who detested anything like meanness, tolerated worse than meanness in the people, whom he looked upon as inferior animals, and he thought Limping Joe a very useful creature. Joe, on the other hand, hated the Colonel with all the venom of a depraved heart. The Colonel believed in the cat, and Joe had sworn to be revenged for every weal scored on his back, and they were not few. The villain meditated no small revenge. It would have been easy to have met the old man alone, but the chances of a struggle with him were desperate, and besides his sudden death would have been a poor satisfaction for the years of oppression at which it must be confessed my grandfather was an adept. " A fresh servant was brought from Hobart at the very time Limping Joe's schemes were taking shape in his head. The new-comer was a man who had been convicted of con. nection with some trade outrage in Shelfield. It was a strange time that, when men were driven from home and all they eyoved for the merest trifle, or if they showed the slightest opposition to theall-powerful oligarchy. The misfortunes of his life had naturally soured poor Ned Williams, and the unlucky wretch had come to the very worst place foraympathy. My grandfather would allow nothing but the most ordinary communication between his servants and his family, and the young fellow, innocent as he was proved to be, was left to bror.d over the injustice of the world without a word of consolation or a touch of kindness. No wonder that there was nothing on his side but sullon submission, and on my grandfather's a determination i0 'drive the devil out of him.' " By all accounts Colonel Meadows madoe Cairnstock a hell to poor Williams. The Colonel was a magistrate. You will soe a large tree on the opposite side of the back , court, and near it a detached building. The rg building is the old Bridewell' to which en prisoners were consigned' before being sent to to Hobart, and, Heaven help us, it was rarely without a tenant. That big tree and that of paltry house could tell some awful tales if we could give them tongues. n- "The Colonel had two children, a girl and so a boy, both of whom he loved passionately, as men such as he sometimes do; but he a especially adored the lovely little Ada, the he very apple of his eye. You will know whence g, my sister gets her name. ur Matters grew worse and worse for Williams, )u and Limping Joe watched everything with a in tiger's eye. About this time there were re ports that a strong body of busbrangers who Id had kept the western parts of the island in se terror had come northward, and then Joe, to taking advantage of the despair and wretched- I be nes which possessed Williams' soul, tempted him to join them. Williams seeing nothing m but a life of misery or self-destruction before Id him consented, and one night they settled to in start the next day for the mountains, and 's appointed a place of meeting. On that next re day little Ada was found dead on the bank of :d the river, and her lovely body was mutilated s, almost beyond recognition. A bloody knife a was found near, and every one recognised it sy as having belonged to Williams. He was not e- to be found, and of course the crime was at e once laid at his door. Certainly the attend ee ing circumstances went far to prove his guilt, e. and at that time much less would have ed established it in. the eyes of free colonists. i- No one in the hurry and confusion seemed to id notice the absence of Limping Joe. ly There was at that time one of the aborigi. Id "als hanging about th tation. We have 1- earth, so you will not have a chance of seeing re a specimen. His services as a tracker were a immediately employed, and soon there was a to strong party in pursuit. I need give you no If details. It will be enough to toll you that Id the fugitives were overtaken, andafter a fierce Iy struggle Williams was severely wounded and .- made prisoner. Joe escaped for the time, to and as it was thought the murderer was hard ae and fast no very active pursuit was made n after his companion. n "The captive was brought hero and thrown , into that Bridewell. The unfortunate wretch, y covered with wounds and with a leg broken, If was a miserable sight. When he was accused oe of the crime he denied it in the strongest re manner, but his judges were prejudiced, and d he was alone. Their passions were oexcited, e, and some one more brutal than the rest pro. I re posed to roast the prisoner or make him con. g fees. ed I can scarcely bear to tell you the end. is Good God I how unlimited power brutalizes sy usI The wounded man was dragged before i le a large fire beneath that tree, and hung up by the arms from one of .d the boughs, exposed to the double torture y of the fire and of his injuries. I can. ss not imagine that the executioners really n meant more than to extort a confession, but n whether they meant more or not the miser. able man was not cut down until hie senses had te forsaken his wretched body. As they dragged a- him back to the look-up he partially recovered, d and seeing my grandfather near he cursed d him and his, and prayed that neither his son y nor his son's son should over live to reach te his own ago. The poor follow's body was te found cold, stiff, and still in the cell-done to I d death by our omniscient law. The very next r, day came his free pardon, his entire inno i- cence of the crime in Sheffield having been I it proved. A short time brought the confirma e tion of his innocence of the murder also. d Limping Joe joined the bushrangers just in k time to share in a few depredations and in r- their speedy ruin. He was shot down, and 5e had barely time left to, confess that he was e, the murderer of little Ada, and that to keep if suspicion from himself he had used Williams' o knife to do the deed. s- "These few bald particulars will not be I it sufficient to make you realise the horrible i ie truth. One almost doubts the goodness of 1 g the Creator when we puzzle ourselves to find I ie why such things can be. 'The. share poor lt Williams had in this world was a very poor I. one, and I ivould give all these broad lands I it that no one of my blood had helped to make his part in life more wretched. Sometimes I t, I think that his curse must have fallen on II us. My father had barely reached thirty-five I e -William's age was about that-when his r h dead body was washed up by the river near r e the spot where his sister's had been found I years before. Our poor mother did not sour a vive him long, and we were loft to the r e strangers' care. In all the southern hemis- c d phere we have neither kith or kin to care for t a us or fool for us. Can it be the curse ?" a The story affected me more than I cared to t · acknowledge. Englishmen are not often a brought face to face with such horrors. But 1 d I was not going to let a simple story so easily i1 undermine my foredrawn conclusions, and I 1 a said to Alf : r "It is certainly a most painful incident to i hf be even remotely connected with, but you will a scarcely bring me to believe that the actors I in the tragedy have not something better to v t do than return to the scene. Is it said your c n little Bridewell is haunted? To be sure there a aren'tmany places that deserve it more." "You may judge for yourself if you like," v a said Alf, "but I give you fair warning. I d would not pass a night there for a kingdom. c I have done it once, and once is enough in a t life-time." "Well, I shall try it this very night. Ada r will not be home until to-morrow, and I t may as well spend the time unravelling the d 2 secret." s "All right; and if you do so no one will g thank you more heartily for anything than I p shall for this." The conversation turned on other topics, v but Alf's spirits seemed to have fallen to ti zero, and gradually we became silent. I d watched the lengthening shadows of the trees pass slowly over the lawn as the sun dipped o towards the western hills, and contrasted in v my own mind the cold and dreary Christmas ti landscape of England with the gorgeous c brilliancy of the scene before me. I was so s absorbed in this that it was with a sudden t start I heard three rapid knocks just as the ai sun disappeared behind a distant peak. I re jumped to my feet at once, and was rather h surprised that All took no notice unless a as sickly smile on his lips betrayed his having tI heard it. " What was that?" said I. n "Oh, nothing I" said he, "or, rather, a0 something we are pretty well accustomed to." p Of course I could not show too much it curiosity, yet I could not help feeling some-. t thing uncanny;but this gradually wore away' d under the combined influence of a stit glass pi of toddy and the soothing smoke of a frag. s rant Havannab. .di Meantimo whatever little preparations were re necessary tomakethe' olitaryBridewelltenant- fa able for a night had been made before sun down, and All told me pretty plainly that I should have little chance of company, unless the ghostly, as not a man, woman, or child, for miles around would venture near the little building for itsweightin gold. This, however, was not going to deter me, and that night I was a lodger in a place which could not boast of one before, during more than fifty years. OCAPTER Il. There are two classes of sceptics with re gard to spiritual manifestions.' The first simply ignores everything that would seem to savor of proot. Such extraordinary oiroum stances as Lord Brougham relates in his Autobiography, are to them merely evidences of a disordered liver, or at the boaest, only vague proofs of some affinity between mortals not depending on material existence, the exact extent of which scienco will determine in theb fulnese of time. The other class will acknowledge the possibility of communica tion between the other world and.this, but doubt that there are isolated eases of suchl communication. .They any with fair enough reasoning, that the benefit to mankind would bhe so great that if granted at all it would be univeregi. INow, I belonged to the fnrRer 'lass. 01 course my education had led me to sppoulato on theories which have obseon before the wo~ld fer centuries, but my nonclusions wore widely different from the supernatural. The Luore. tian doctrine of a present mind in matter seemed to me to.satisfy all the demands of so-called spiritual phenomena, and where we could not comprehend, we could take that doctrine as the basis of our investigations. I My experience had never given me an oppor tunity of putting my theory to any test, and it was something akin to pleasure I found at hand a chance of testing the matter. The evident sincerety of my friend assured me that, so far at least as he was concerned, there was nothing approaching imposition, but this did not convince me that there was no imposition elsewhere. If human beings had anything to do with an attempt to frighten the stranger, I was determined they would not get off scot free. I took with me a faithful little revolver, which had done me good service on the Upper Nile. The little building was a plain structure two stories high, evidently formed with a view to strength. The upper storey had been the prison. The prisoners were secured in a very primitive fashion. Tlhe upper storey was reached by a ladder and trap-door, to which were still attached the rusty remains of the ancient fastenings. This means of confinement certainly saved the trouble of the warders who took possession of the lower chamber, but there was little need of con stant watch and ward. A stretcher bed, a table and a fire were all the preparations made for my reception-the fire only to give some cheerfulness to the desolate scene, as the weather was warm enough. I had pro. vided myself with both an ordinary lamp and a small bull's eye lantern, and to occupy my mind,had brought' a copy of Horace, whose St~rling common:senee and manliness 'would, I thought, prove an antidote to any mental vagaries. I first mounted 'a crazy ladder, and tho roughly examined the upper chamber, but found nothing-absolutely nothing. - The poor prisoners had not even a ray of light to gladden them. There was not even a slit in the thick masonry to admit a stray sunbeam. Verily our fathers were men of iron. The inspection did not take long to com plete, and I turned to the trap-door to descend, but as I came near I saw it gradually fall over, and that, too, without any noise, though it creaked loud enough when I first pushed it from beneath. Down it sank gradually as if the moving power supported it in its descent, not as if it had received one impulse and then dropped of its own weight. Of course the time taken was not sufllcient for me to reason on the matter. I could only grasp for the moment the bare fact that the door was shut and that I had probably neglected to push it uphigh enough. Passing my fingers through an opening at the side I pulled and pulled with all eny might, but the door resisted every effort. Again and again I tried in every direction without any success, andI had come to the conclusion that by some means or other it had got jammed, and I should have to spend my night on the bare boards, when it suddenly flow open with such violence that I was almost dashed against the wall, and at thesame moment I heard what I can only describe as the echo of a hoarse laugh, but where it came from I could not say. I am not ashamed to confess that when I got to the foot of the ladder I seriously deliberated whether or not I should give up the enterprise, but the fear of chaff, which makes many a man a hero, prevailed, and I determined to see it out. I threw myself, dressed as I was, on the little bed. At its head was the table, on which were placed the lamp, the revolver, and my watch. I settled down to one of the Satires, and for a time forgot where I was. Just as my eyes began to feel heavy I was re called to full consciousness by observing a pe culiar haze grow around the lamp. One minute before it burned bright and clear, now, though the flame was still there, it seemed robbed of its light. I quickly sat upon the bed, and with something like terror saw the blaze of both lamp and fire overwhelmed by a palpable darkness. The darkness approached slowly, as if it was a bodily entity, and bit by bit conquered itd enemy, just as a thick mist covers the landscape after sunset., I felt its approach, but if I could have gained a king. dom by doing'so I could not.move a single limb. It approached from all sides, arid just as its most opaque part reached the table something like-an immense hand was sent forth and enveloped revolver and watch be. fore my eyes. My senses were painfully acute, and I thought could hear theclnk of the chain of the latter when it was raised from the table. Imyself was forced backward as if by a' mighty weight, but felt no weight, or even touch. For some seconds I lay without moving, but bending every power of my mind to resist, I would not fear. Then I was conscious of the bed floating in the air, though I could perceive no motion. It soon settled again, but I thought in a different position, and I immediately seemed to recover some power over my limbs. I tried to pierce the surrounding darkness with staring eyes, but I felt as if the blackness clothed everything like a positive envelope, and for the first time I realised "a darkness which could be felt," not merely a negative want of light. From one part, however, I was convinced all these manifestations pro ceeded. It waslike a centre of operation, and to this part I directed all my attention. Without any relief in the surrounding dark ness, I fancied the obscurity here became in tensified and the other parts by contrast less dim. Soon it took.shape-indefinite, but still a shape, and at the same instant a lurid glare tinged the extremities and gave a horrid prominence to the indistinct mass. Like the phantasms of a fever it revolved within itself, and the horror of its possibili ties were in my mind a thousand times more dreadful than the realities. One minute, and there struck my ears the shrill scream of a child, which curdled the blood in my veins, and then the revolutions and contor tions redoubled. Soon I heard the hoarse cries of anger, mingled with the groans and sobs of one in mortal agony, and the heavy tread of men in the chamber above, and the sickening thump, thump as of a body dragged roughly over the' floor, filled my ears. The huge indefinite mass seemed the origin and soures from which all this arose. To me it took the form of an irrevocable destiny. Notwithstanding all these horrors I retained my senses, and even tried hard to speculate en them. That I was in the immediate presence of some awful power I knew; that it could injure me I doubted, so long as I was true to myself. The greatest torture I en dured was the consciousness of my own im- * potence. I could only passively resist my spiritual faculties being weakened by human disabilities. What I saw dimly appeared the reflection of the evolution of an inevitable fate. 4 ' nIpo'P dT uAN AP sT TLo " yg'ps 4 I3 AOKaphnp, sO EP \- While these thoughts e rosed m mind the or mass before me became more and mothre e distinct, aas heo beoure forms of a manti e anter a y shape the illu. it itned teld., ad athere s aood out in reli. a . face with the featurea writhed and disrelief \- witb ' ,nny and LIate. The face did inotte d to r pros nt the mass as the human not e at rise eupreine m. It semed rather anm to tln or product of it. I was horror atroha. to its expressionbut dd notfear it. it gradua i, faded and gave place to a su cceein of edhastly , appearanoes, each o which retained human is characteristics, but a thouesand times more s repulsive than the creation of a nightm re. ;o ll this time I as endeavoring, with arll y my strength of will, to pamsade mgself th tl ie ohat I looked at was nnthiog hut a cakiog is vision witheot reality-a dismal fncy, but w dared not, owevar, attempt to spring p an e dispel the illusion. I caught myself hoping w that the horrid din niight bring smene to ie my assistance, and the net moment I doubOte a if anyone save myself could hear it. From y the very fact that I could reason on the .e matter, I judged I was regarding a reality, s not the phantasmagoria of delusion. if The whirling of the centre still eontinued, oe and gradually t seemed to take the form of a ir child with long fair hair, but a glow around the head revealed the features a mass of a wounds, and a broad deep gash from ear to is ear. The eight for an instant almost un. a manned me, and I felt my courage to endure s almost foraking my heart actually. I hoped for insensibility as a relitef from this mental d torture. y By some intuition I seemed at this moment • e to gain aninsight into' the hidden meaning, i, Ithought I louked upon theifate of the house 61 to which I was about to ally myself, at least its fate in connection with that place. Thb t" mythology of ancient Greece and Rome gives it us many instances of places being under e the direct influence of some occult power, o sometimes benevolent, more frequently male. n volent or capricious. The folkrlore of Oer. c. many, of Ireland, of Scotland, and indeed of all countries, tells us of the awful power of a. these genii loc. Why then if there is the I, slightest grounds for such traditions should II these countries not have them as well as those o, longer known? The malign influence with I which they are credited in Europe may be It quite as active in Australia, and they may it have revenged themselves for some fancied s I light on the family of my host and of my t. future wife. i It is strange that suclh thoughts, and indeed Ad conlusions, should force themselves on my it mind at such a moment. I seemed, however, y at this stage to have become an indifferent 1g pectator, and by the force of logic to have I reconciled myself to look upon this horrid o apparition as one having no personl interest n in its significance, but I was mietaken, s, Suddenly, the darkness lifted like the fleecy iecloud before the morning breeze. The scene I enlarged and I saw the deep river as it flowed e past the Cairnstoek meadows; but, great h Heavens in the stream, struggling for life is and beating the waters with ineffeetual blows, I I saw my dear friend, my brother. God of is Heavens I was it a faeet, a present disaster, or it the premonition of a future fate? Madly I struggled to hurl myself from my couch, but I I was bound to it as if by seven.foldeords, y and had to gaze helpless while the white ghastly face rose and sank again and again until the waters slowly rippled over his head, I and the dark shadow became more and more I, obscure in the cold depth of the stream. at The toy sweat of horror sprung from every ve pore, and I fancied the sound of hideous ,y mocking laughter-the laughter of ftends is filled all the space around. I was powerless s. -powerless, and could not even summon 1" courage enough to put an end to my agony, 1- by active resesotance. Le The river scene then changed, and a dis. e, tinot view of the House appeared, but how d different I The flames gushed from every ts window. The chimneys tottered and threat. i ened the roof.tree, across which the stealthy y fire spread slowly as if sure of its prey. Bu d whom did I see at one of the wmdoaws girt y witha dreadful circle of lambent flame? The it glowing eddy licks her form, and her glorious. a hair is shrivelled at the touch. Soon the I- bright form will be in its deadly embrace, le and my Ada, my life, my soul ----. it Human nature could stand no more. I i tshrieked an agonymand threw out my hand. it It was clasped in cold, deadly fingers, and I ftrom the extremity of the nails to the shoulder a chill as of the grave struck to the very marrows. I remember no more. SWhen my senses were restored, Ada was a leaning 'over my bed, her sweet countenance a betraying the anxiety she felt, and Alt, with misery in every feature, stood watching me. t He bitterly blamed himself, and was blamed I by his sister for allowing me to subject my self to such an ordeal, but I maintained that eonly myself was in fault, i any fault there t were. It was anything but a merry Christ. mas we spent. I related what I saw to Alt, and he seemed struck with my theory of ac counting for the phenomena. "I may tell you," said toe, "that en that awful night I spent in that room I saw eof my own appearance. That the two of us I should have the same oexperence is some. thing more than extraordinary. You mean Sto say that probably the influence, whatever it may be, is only local, and if we should re, move from this we should have peace." "At any rate I think so, and it is simply s useless to attempt to reason on such a theme. t It is one of those things which our I philesqphy canqot comprehend. I give you I my word, my Ada, with my will, soa pleasure will never roe-enter this house after I she once leaves its door in my company. Indeed, I should prefer that sur marriage tshould take place immediately in Launceston, and, dear Alf, you will, I am sure, agree with tme that after that dreadful night I have not much prospect of peace of mind in this country at all, beautiful as it is." Ada and I were married a week after. We persuaded Alt to remove to Victoria, and he easily got rid of the old station. There is ene subject we rarely speak about, and that is the old Bridewell at Cairestock House. This is my story, and I leave the wise to account for what I have related. The fool may say it is all nonsense, the man of the world may say, a dream of feverish excite. meat, but the sage will say, there is more things in Nature than we dream of in our philosophy. Tin Emperor of Austria has just'presented the Sultan of Turkey with: six white horses of- remarkable symmetry' and beauty. These horses are of Spanish breed which exists only in the Emperor's stud, who possesses now only a dozen. Two superb ees of harness were sent with each horse. 