"Oh! he hath drawn my picture in his letter 1" —Lova's Labob Lost. I am happy, to be able to inform the patrons of Figabo that haveeiig&geda; talented and well-known lady, who moves in ood society here, to edit a Social Column. This column will ntain all the small-talk of society, di&cusB; the babble so dear c the Fair Sex, chronicle all social events worthy of being oticed, note all the heal changes in fashion—in met, furnish interesting record of the. conversational pabulum to be heard t that modern ladies' institution, the 4 o'clock tea. Contri utions for this coltinm. will be treated with the greatest onrecy. They should beaddressed to the "Social Editbess." The Governor, Lady Musgrave and family are spending afew daysatSouthport. By far the prettiest costume seen in Qaeen Street this summer, is one composed of cream Indian muslin trimmed with, agreat deal of soft cream lace, and half hidden in this lace, pn the side of the skirt, the shoulder, and the bosom, a few loose knots of cardinal otjboiman ribbon. The style and combination of color is: admirable, bat singularly unsnited to the com plexion of the wearer, who would, however, look really charming in light blue or heliotrope. A brun ette friend, would look equally well in the cream •, but olfl. ladies (particularly married ladies) like friends of their own Bet to look well ? The Neva Hat. * Special for the Mashers.—" The Graces " are at the seaside, but they will return, we know they will. The South Brisbane dance alluded to last week was a most enjoyable affair, dancing kept up to the Bmall hours. A young lady from Breakfast Greek, niece of the Hostess, looked charming and very graceful, in a dress .of pure white. The Baby (the dance be it remembered was in honor of the Baby) received, a little earlier in the day, the name of Evelyn Trene Gordon. A well-known amateur florist was sponsor, and with suchxa Gabdinjsb evincing a lengthy in terest in her. * ; We hopethifl little blossom may, Earth's brightest paths adorn; And prove the sweetest rosebud e'er . . Allied, unto a Thorn, A new ftnd fashionable song in Sydney and Mel urne is, " The Ghost at the Ball." It is set to the usic.$f the Blue Danube. A subscription list is about to be opened for the urpose of raising funds £6v St. John's pro-Cathedral, t is the intention to canvass all the country districts, nd judging from the names of the ladies who have ken the .affair in hand, and the enthusiasm they Iways manifest in any good work, one may safely redict a great success. The Prince of Brisbane Mashers is in town—too tterly too too. • A Bank clerk, hailing from the Downs, hopes to ed a petite Brisbane lady, but not just yet, dear y; your screw would not keep her in gloves—let lone ice- creams and lemon squashes. The Princess end cottage bonnets are still much bm—one of the latter shape in coarse black straw, ts only trimming flat silver buttons to imitate coins, hickly studded round the edge, has been much admired. Large hats are very popular, though few, if any, of the immense shapes worn by some of the girls in the sister colonies are patronised here. The Princess of Wales Bonnet. The following is a true bill:—A superfine dandy lately out from home is staying at the Imperial Hotel. The other evening, in a conversation, he delivered himself thus— " Aw, yaas. I can quite understand Queensland society not being in a high state of cultivation, if only in consequence of the frightful heat. But there are other causes*—hereditary causes." To him a listener :•—" Do you visit much ? " " Oh, yaas j pretty fairly." " Have you visited at Government House since you've been here ? " , . " No, sir j I couldn't think of it. Poor old Tony j he and I were great cronies at Home. I pity sin cerely the poor old fellah. I met him the other day in—what's the name of your main street ? " " Queen Street." ; " Yaas. I met Tony in Queen Street. He was in his barouche. I went over and spoke to the poor old, fellah, and shook hands with him. Tony says,' Why haven't you been over ? " I replied, " My dear fellah j must draw the line somewhere. I've the same friendly feeling towards you, Tony, you know; but a man in your position has to meet such a lot of curious fellahs. Why, some jf them might come home and recognise a fellah in Rotten Bow, you know; and want to know him. I pity you, Tony, old fellah; but a fellah .can't be too careful, you know. There's that fellah, Groom, you know, first Commoner in Queensland, bai Jove, fro, old fellah; kind regards to your lady and family, and I'll send my man up to leave my card, but I really couldn't think of calling, you know/ " " And what did his Excellency say P " " He said " Yaas, old fellah; I know you can't call. I'm sorry for it, but I can't help it. The position is The Empress. necessary to me, and beggahs mustn't be choosers, you know. Bemember me to His Grace the Duke when you return Home.' Then we parted. And that's why I have never called at G-overnment House. Waitah!" At Maryborough, there was a fashionable concert under the auspices of the Wide Bay Rowing Club, on Wednesday night.. Brief particulars supplied next issue. " Dear George," said a young woman, "I'm. willing to marry you, if we have to live on bread and water." " Well," said the enthusiastic George, " You furnish the bread, and I'll skirmish around and find the water." Husbands, beware, I cut the following frpm the London Times of the29th November:—"Skin tightener is used thus—Fpr loose skin under the eyes, pimplesj and i furrows:—Well wet a handkerchief in the liquid, place ife over the face, let it remain for a time, when an im ; provement will , gradually ensue. Bottle sent secretly packed, 10s. 6d," &q.; It strikes me that the columns 1 of the leading English journal are scarcely the place for this announcement. Why is the " Skin Tightener " sent j " secretly packed ?" The " Connat}ght8," as the World calls them, seem to have Isssayed a somewhat risky experiment at Fort Said, on their way to (Bombay. After dining with the captain of H.M.S. Irisj they landed at the town Under his guidance, and, of course incognito, made a round of the native daneing and singing saloons. All went well as it happenedj there was no contretemps, and at the only place at which their iBoyal Highnesses were recognised the band struck up "God Save the Queen." But for all this the captain must have been veiy glad when his ciCeroneship was over, The Capeof GoodHope Government has upwards of £10,000 which,; in spite of its efforts it can get no one to claim, who is able to give a legal receipt forthemoney. It holds, in fact, the properties of some 700 intestate individuals, varying in amount from £4,449 4s. to a guinea and a half, and is seeking, so far in vain, the legal representatives of all or some .of them. The list is a curious one, including Englishmen, Dutchmen, Afri canders, Hottentots, Zulus, and men of other races, and any one who hasiever had a near relative go ou ib to the Cape and disappear from view, would do well to com municate with the Agent-General for the Cape of Good Hope at 7, Albetrt- mansions, Victoria-Bt., London, S.W. Of all the classic Venuses known to us in modern times, the Venus of Milo iscertainly the most popu lar. It is calculated that every year some 55,000 reproductions of it in marble, plaister, terra-cotta, &c.;, are sold in Europe; whilst for its photographs it can claim a greater jsale than even Mrs. Langtiy or Miss Mary Anderson, in the zenith of her fame., In the recent inventory of State property made by the French Government this matchless statue was computed to be worth one-and-a-half million of francs, or £60,000! (Continued on Page 115). Figaro's at Home. [Continued from page 113.) ill, the P.M. of Cairns, to give the Cairnsites a 1 od the 17th ult. Great muster—beauty. Id Father Hymen has been visiting Maytown ly, and the old man has succeeded in effecting a ptial knot in the persons of Mr. M'Cann and Miss rke. Mac. ought td be able to push along now t he has clerical assistance. Leap Year—now is the time, dear girls— To bask in the sunshine and shake out your curls ; Look out for your victims be sure of your catch, And bless some poor fellow by making a match. " Singleman Soursides " writes to tell me that" the dies'Bath at Sandgate should be so constructed at men walking along the pier should not be able see the women bathing there.", Mr. Soursides will ense take a back seat. I will eternally support the herited right of a girl to show her bathing-dress rm to the passer-by. If Soursides objects, he can ose his eyes. If not—why, have we not our courte s Hamlet at Sandgate to repress idle querists. The Warwick Examiner is " too mean for any ing." I told my readers a story last week from e, but I wasn't mean enough to " show the pattern her dress." The Warwick Examiner, however, printed my par. and " went the whole business" by licistn. Now, I could have done it in a more orough and far more graceful style at first had I osen, but 1 was inclined to let the high-heeled aiden slide. However, as all the young beauty's arwick friends have got it, I shall let the foreign mirers and knowledgeables of that town into it, to e extent of copying the bad puns of my contempo ry. He says that Figaro " tells us that a love-lorn msel, taking advantage of this being Leap Tear, ade by letter a daring but unsuccessful attempt to mp a certain well-known claim in— street, popping the question through post to one of our ost fascinating lady-killers. He has, however, ought fit to publish her letter* and thus to re-ward e devotion of his aftmirer by administering a bitter 'U not even coated, and far too big for the fair one swallow. He might have gladdened her fond heart ith a sight of that rose she speaks about, but he 'spenses evenwith ceremony. Perhaps he was other ise engaged. She will now probably allude to him the man che-mist." The sublimity of the last pun, ill raise any reader who happens to encounter a ece of orange-peel that is airing itself on the jacefit pavement. Next Tuesday the South Brisbane Musical Society ill muster in the Good Templars' Sail, South Bris ■ne. The programme is Vincent Wallace's ever rming operaMaritana." The list of performers eludes some of the leading vocalists in Brisbane. The aristocracy and democracy of Brisbane will uster at the Theatre Royal on the 19th inst. to ear "H.M.S. Pinafore" rendered by those smart ungsters who lately played it in aid of the " Bells St. John's." This time it will be in aid of the ospital for Sick Children, a most praiseworthy stitution. I hope to see a. crowded house. 