The SntngRlcr's iihost. Did you over encounter the smuggler's ghost, The speotre of Smuggling Bill As he leaned himself on an old gun-post At tho top of Tower Hill? I think me not, though he oomes by night All the passers-by to scan, A Rtrango, weird, long- shore, lubberly wight— Pea-jacketty sort of a man. Hie voice is husky, his eyes rolls wild— The other is under a patch — His nose is swollen — this mystic child ? And his legs were never a match. As ho leaves the post on a midnight dull He goes with a nautical roll, A solid mahogany seaside hull He seems; but he's only soul. I met him once, and I saw him clear By a gas-lamp's dancing light, fiecatiing weeds and tobacco dear Tbat I bought of a smuggler wight. And I said, ' O runner of Eeveune rigs, Thou knave of the contraband, I'll have thee clapped with the dos and prigs ;' But he raised hits his guarled hand, 'Avast with thy coppers 1' and 'Sou bo blowedl' In a mixture strange said he ; ' I'm in spirits now, and I can't bo stowed In this mortial ooun-ter-ee. Hot sham blue ruin in bladdery skin, Nor tater-brewed oh- de-wee. That ain't paia dooty,' he Baid with a grin ; ' I'm a spirit, mate, carat yer see ? ' I looked him up, and I looked him down, And I thought of my four pound five I paid lor oig&ra; when he did mo brown, And he certainly looked alive. Bot he gave me a goblin gooae-skio leer, : JjaiiB grinaed with his jntmth so «»my. -?'jBr.a/*.jWto m.-*oia, feke.yer sruWi. ?' Btioitiwre, .. .- -.???-? ??',??? ?? M&j;$timwn flight through m. '?;'.. Oh, woe, sham oh-de-wee I I'm Smuggler Bill, and I've come from down In Qa lorderoet eotuvter-ee. Ob, I was the wickedest' smuggler bold That never did go to sea: I sold cigars and the buyers fold, And what's to become o' me? 'Oh, down by Wapping and Poplar way, And down by the muddy fitrand, And down by the Docks I am doomed to stray,' ? And lie wrung him each gnarly hand. ' I wants to find 'em, and oan't toll where, And I doesn't know where to look ; There's pounds upon* pounds, and there's pounds to spare, As I fail afore I was took.' Then I said, ' Oh, seaman of doubtful guise, Do yon some from that other shore f' 'Ay, mate!' as he rolled him that one of his eyes, ' And I don't want to go any more.' 'Bot what are you (reeking, and why an you oome? v- ' Why Mayedst thou me that triok?' '%&$*' -Mfm8 ^ *hw8 W88dfl ?o-4nnH Didtirtyaisfeyousoffenyfiiok? ' Oh, it's what I'm spelling o' yon. yon eee.' Andtoe^andtowestleturneif, ^rjantiemeinBer.orjnaylbe , - , .Most— sotaetbing onplaasantly— burned.' Hejhouiea aehe gaveme a moumfnl «aie, JSe groaned himxight into his boots; S14§MJ ftB.^ong o'tiiem Henery Oays, : And them sham Bengal cheroots. '.Oh, theW tjponndE oo'em hidden I can't '? ???' tell where. '? ;. . And some niisfortnet bloke VVin be hunting 'am oot if I don't take cub And there isn't one fit to smoke. Ab, where did I pot 'em J Ah, where are theyhia? ^ Ah, whore did I phnt tbat chest With Henry Cl&y; on the top o' tho 114 1 And wasn't tbey bad 'ons, jeri 1 ? ' They mikes 'em up at* bob » pound Brown paper in backer gravy ; And I sold 'em a quid for a box all round, On a smuggler's affidavy. And down by the Isle o' Dogs I goes, And huntin' in Batdiff Highway, Bnt never them weeds shall I find, 1 knows, And they'U never more come in my way. ' I never can take Joel a glass o' short, Thrash I drops in at public ban, Since I belongs to another port, ' For willing o' sham cigars. For 1 used to roam as a smuggler bold & dodge so stale, and a dodge so old, fiat alien ripe for a rise.' And as I gazed he was there no more, Not bo muah as his old pea-jacket ; Bat there seemed to come bom a distant . shore, Or ftom out of old Charon's packet, ' Ob, I am the wickedest smuggler bold Tbat never did go to sea ; I never get hot, and I never grow cold, In this bide-and-oome-soek-a-ree I ' — G. MiMtLLs Prom, in Hooi'i Annual 