THE DESTRUCTION OF VERMIN. The deputation which waited on the Commissioner of Crown Lands on Fri day had a melancholy story to tell of the failure of nast effort? to keeD down the vermin wmen are aoing sucn ieanui havoc in the pastoral and outlying agri cultural districts. Although scores of thousands of pounds have been spent by the Government and by private persons in attempting to abate the nuisance, the complaints as to the destruction wrought by rabbits, dogs, kangaroos, wallabies, and other Buch pests are as loud as ever. Some of the reports, in fact, are of the most alarming character. It would appear as if in the struggle that iB being waged against the rermin in some parts of South Australia no headway can be made, and that the only thing left is to abandon this country to its fate. The accounts that tell of the alarming increase of these destructive animals do not refer to isolated parts of the colony, but come to hand from every direction. The speakers whoaddressedtheCommissioneryesterday, and who were able to speak from bitter personal experience, represented jthe pastoral territory extending from the Victorian Border in the east to Streaky Bay in the west. It was not necessary for them to give a highly coloured repre sentation of the case ; the bare statement of facts was sufficient to prove the ex tremely unsatisfactory position of affairs. There are so many sidea to this question of the multiplication of vermin and how to check it that the Commissioner may well feel puzzled as to what is the best way to go to work. A few weeke ago he proposed to submit to Parliament a Bill to abolish the Boards and the payment of scalp-money, and presumably to throw the whole onus of the business upon the Bhoulders of the department. This would have been indeed a gigantic undertaking for it to accept, and it is extremely question able whether it could have been carried out efficiently. At all events it seemed a gratuitous and reckless sacrifice of good machinery to disband Boards which have done good service and have relieved the State of a portion of the heavy burden of management. Protests poured in from various .quarters., Tand' especially '.from the Sheepbreedere' Association. These have proved so weighty that Mr. C les has changed his mind as to the course to be taken; and,. although a Bill will still be introduced, it will be an amplification of the law at present in force. What its precise provisions will be is at present unknown even to the Commissioner, but it will entirely fail of its object if it does not recognise and provide for the special conditions of the South-East, where kan garoos and rabbits are /paramount, the supply of the latter being perpetually replenished by drafts from over the Border; of the North-East and North, where the greatest scourge is the wild dog, although rabbits and kangaroos are not by any means to be despised j and of the western territory, where the rabbits are the plague with which the settlers have principally to cope. It is gratifying to find from the declarations of members of the deputation that the people are not of a mind to call upon Jupiter without putting their own shoulders to the wheel, but that they are ready to submit to taxation to provide a fund for ihe sup pression of the existing nuisance. Of course, in places where there are Boards the arrangements for the levying of a rate upon assessment are for the most part in ' full working order, and little remains to be done beyond keeping a tighter official rein upon them, and insisting upon their carrying out thoroughly the duties en- ' trusted to them. ... As we pointed out yesterday, there is a , wide field not yet covered either. by, the j Boards or by the action of the* Go- ' vernment.' 'There are 'rabbit parlief- - which are endeavouring ' to keep th-\ rabbits in check within the settled dis tricts, but their labours are very much like those of Sisyphus, because no sooner have they brought one gee ration of the rodents down within reasonable limits as to numbers than another springs up in its place. It. is beyond their power, however, to com pass the destruction of the vermin which infest the territory where pastoral and agricultural settlement meet. There large areas of land not included in any Vermin District, and contiguous areas held in many instances by poverty - stricken selectors become the breeding-ground of ? destructive animals. Of these the rabbit ? is the most numerous, but side by side : with the rabbit nuisance the dog nuisance; -. is assuming appalling proportions. It would seem that in the South-East; and in the western country the dingo is: yet comparatively scarce, but the presence of the rabbit will be an irresistible at traction to him there as it has been in the North and North-East. The bunnies are- - his common food, but the chase of these- ' puny creatures does not allay his passion-, for sport. He must needs, in pur© wantonness, go and hunt down and kill, lambs and the sheep, leaving for the' ? most part the carcasses untouched. Now the most difficult problem to solve at pre sent is how to deal with this border-land.. There are, as it happens, two or three considerations which simplify the task of' arriving at a solution. It is quite certain that the agricultural settlers who have., gone out to wrestle with Nature and to wring from the arid earth a precarious subsistence cannot afford to meet the cost of clearing their own lands and those adjoining them. It is equally clear that the pastoral lessees who are assessed foe the destruction of vermin on their own runs cannot be expected to bear the cost of clearance. There is only one other alternative, and it is that the Government should undertake the work. How they are to do it is what has to be determined upon, and in deciding the question the Government cannot afford to follow a niggardly policy. It is but right that the selectors should contribute something; towards the clearing of the lands, and. perhaps the adjoining pastoral lessees might likewise contribute something, seeing how nearly the breaking- up of: these nurseries of vermin affects their in terest, but the Government must be pre pared to bear the brunt of the formidable task that has to be carried through, It occurs to us that the best way to go to work will be, first of all, to provide a liberal scale of scalp-money, and then to let out the work of destroying 'the vermin within particular areas by tender or auction, oivinor trie *nwA ference to the tenderer or bidder - wio is willing to accept the; lowest fixed sum in the way of subsist money. Under such an arrangement the ? person or persons undertaking to clear an area where vermin are known to be thick: could- afford to accept a lower fixed pay ment than the person or persons engaging; to deal with an area where vermin, are - more scarce. As suggested by Mr. Waite, - provision Bhould be made for payingf a higher amount as subsist as the animals to be exterminated become reduced in number, until at last the work is left to men paid a regular wage. It is obviously essential that the closest supervision' should be maintained, so as to checkmate any attempt to provide for the future by keeping alive some of the vermin' for breeding purposes, It might- further be arranged to allow the selector by send ing in so many Bcalps to compound for any direct money payment as a con tribution to the cost of extermination.. There are, is is to be feared, numbers of selectors in the remoter agri cultural districts who would be* unable to pay in coin, but who with the other members of their family would Boon; collect a sufficient number of scalps. to* ensure exemption. It was pointed out on Friday that children are often ? most expert and successful in the tle struction of vermin, and this work will' evidently afford ample employment for years to come to as many as care to. engage in it. ? LANn Compensation. — A casa under - the Lands Clauses Consolidation Amend-, ment Act of 1881, which has occupied the attention of Mr. Justice Boucaut during-: the last two days, has one or two features . of special interest. It is, we believe, the' first case heard under the amending Act ? of 1881, which provides for the questions in dispute being tried by a Judge bf~tll9 ? Supreme Court. Upon the whole, thei ? result in this particular instance must 'be* ? considered as satisfactory. Mr. A. Hardy and five others were the owners of 351 acres near Callington, on the Southern Railway. Through this property, for the - distance of nearly a mile and a half, the ?? Government had taken for the- purposes of the railway a narrow strip of' land, and the line passing through ? the land consists either of cutting^ or embankments, which completely sever the two long unequal parts into which the land is divided. The amount claimed : was about £3,000. This, however, in cluded compensation for minerals actually - removed during the progress of the' rail way works, and compensation for Bever* ance of minerals. The latter claim was - subsequently withdrawn. The Govern ment offered for Mr. Hardy's interest £75 15s. lOd., or about £454 for the -? whole. Mr. Wadham, one of the - witnesses examined during the hearing of ' the case, placed the value of the land at ? £154 15s. 4d., or £6 per acre, double its . actual worth, on account of the sale being compulsory j and for depreciation of land severed from permanent water £120 ? 10s., making a total of £275 5s. 4d. It ? was shown that the Government had not srected fencing according to promise,* ajid that they had not made an arch of the size that had been promised., Mr. Justice Boucaut had unquestionably a difficult task in assessing the amount of compen sation that should be given, in consequence- ? jf the conflicting character of the evi ience, but he seem9 to have discharged lufl'.task with conspicuous fairness .an^. with a considerable amount of skill; rhe value of the land he assessed it £4 10s. per acre, and added 1Q ? per cent, tor its being compulaorily taken. Ehis makes £128 17a. The damage jaused by severance he assessed at £344 5b. , and he also awarded £50 for^ the, injury done by the railway works while in ? progress, making a total of £523 2s. Mr, Hardy's share is therefore £87 3s. 8dras ? igainst £507 173. claimed by him and £75 ? L5s. lOd. offered by the Government. . Ehe costs are to be paid by the Govern ment. There can hardly be a question - ?hatifthe matter had been decided by a Jury a larger sum would have been warded, and bo far as this particular jase is concerned there seems to. :b.* reason for believing that the provisions'of ; the Actrof~188t~arB iikelyto result in ar saving to the Government 'without -doing any real injustice to the proprietor of . the land taken. Suspected Ixcexdiamsm. — Another mysterious fire has been left unaccounted for, and the result of the inquest is as unsatisfactory as it could possibly be. A few days ago the premises of Mr. Wheeler, jeweller, of King William-street, near Hundle-streetj -were found to be on fire at half-past, 2 in the morning. The fire originated is the corner of a cellar among some lumber, near which was a tin of kerosine, and at the other side of the apartment, 18 feet away, was a furnace for smelting gold. That a spark from the fur nace should have started flames in the place in which they broke out was an utter impossibility, for a staircase intervened between the two portions of the cellar. The question is, How did the fire origi nate? Mr. Wheeler and his traveller assert that they left the shop shortly before 11 o'clock the previous night and locked it up. The doora were still locked, and everything apparently in it3 proper place when the lire was discovered. From this fact and the seeming impossibility of the file having arisen from any accidental cause, Mr. Ward, the Coroner, argued at the inquest that some one who possessed a key to open the door must have entered the cellar and deliberately set the place on fire ; and he added significantly that Mr. Wheeler had admitted that he was the only person who held the keys of the shop or cellar. Still the Jury found, as we consider they were obliged to do from the nature of the testimony before them, that there was not sufficient evidence to show how the tire originated. Then lather warm words passed between the Coroner and the foreman of the Jury, and finallyJMr. Ward had to threaten to forcibly remove Mr. Wheeler, to prevent him from speaking. £- o w, while admiring the zeal with which the Coroner seemed determined to get at the real cause of the fire, if he knew how to do so, it seems to us that he made a serious mistake in his conduct of the investigation. Either he went altogether too far in his hints pointing to the possibility of Mr. Wheeler having been the responsible party, or he did not go half far enough in his enquiries. Whether his suspicions have the slightest foundation in fa^t or not, as soon as he felt dissatisfied about Wheeler's position in the matter he should have concentrated his attention on him alone. Where was Mr. Wheeler during the three or four hours which elapsed between his leaving the shop and the discovery of the fire ? Who had the keys of the doors in his possession at the time when the fire took place? Possibly he ia able to prove that he was away from the place during the whole interval, and in that case it is only right that he should have an^ opportunity of doing so. A stigma has been cast upon his character, and it is a duty which the. law owes both to the public and to him that he should be allowed to clear himself if he can. For the Coroner to give utterance to his suspicions against Wheeler, and in the next breath to say that there was no evidence pointing to any particular person, w?s the height of in-, consistency. 'While giving due credit to Mr. Ward for the way in which he has worked in the past, it becomes impor tant for him and for the public to consider whether he is now equal to the strain which his duties place upon him—in fact, whether he ia not at present working when he ought to be at rest. The Destruction of Veemik. — An in fluential deputation of pastoral lessees waited on the Commissioner of Crown Lands on Friday to urge upon him the' necessity of taking further measures for the destruction of vermin. The Commissioner of Crown Lands, in reply, stated that the Bill which the Government prepared was disapproved, bnt they wonld now draw up a Bill embody ing the views of the Stock-breeders' Associa tion, and would at once submit it to Parlia ment. Major Jervois.— From a recent issue of the London Gazette we gather that Captain J. JervoiB, Koyal Engineers, is to have the local rank of Major whilst employed as Deputy Assistant Adjutant-General in South Australia. Hrris Railway. — The new time- table comes into force on the Hills Railway to-day. This is prepared on the basis of the request recently made to the Commissioner of Railways, and provides considerably better facilities both for resi dents on the line and visitors. It wonld not seem, however, to be anything beyond the just requirements of the traffic. The returns fa Thuisday's Gazette show that the Hills line of fifty-three miles carried 5,033 pas sengers, while the North line of 222 miles carried 5,735 passengers. La2O) tor Railway Purposes.— In the Supreme Court on Friday the action brought against the Commisaioaer of Railways by Mr. Arthur Hardy, M.F., for compensation for land taken for railway purposes at Calling ton, near Nairne, -was concluded by Mr. Justice Boucaut. It had been agreed to leave out of consideration the fact of the land being a mineral property. His Honor valued the 26 acres taken at £4 10s. per acre, granted £50 for injury done by the railway works, and allowed for depreciation the jnims of 25s. per acre for the 241 acres on the north Bide and 10s. for 86 acres on the south side of the line, owing to the severance. The total amount awarded was £523 2s., of which Mr. Hardy obtains £87 3s. 8d., being one sixth of the whole interest. This was the fast case heard under Act 202 of 1881, the object of which was to amend the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act. Volunteer Orders.— The following items are from this week's General Orders:— 'Captain for the ensuing week, Captain Hinde ; subaltern, Lieutenant T. G. Wilson. In class-firing for the future any man who fails to obtain 80 points in the firat period will not be allowed to go on to the second period until that number is obtained ; similarly, men who failed to obtain 30 points in the second period will not be allowed to Bhoot in the third period. Men thus kept back to fire a period over again will do bo under instructions from the Staff Office. The £10 prizes for the best marks men will be awarded to the men who make the highest aggregate total in their class firing and in firing at a movinsr object. Colour-Sergeant Nimmo, of D Company, is attached to I Company while residing at Kapunda. The bri^de will parade at the Staff Office at 9.30 a.m. on Monday, No vember 10, field-day Order.— Infantry to be supplied with thirty rounds of blank ammunition per man. Twelve honrs1 pro ? visions to be carried by each man. Men are recon-.mended not to con Etune all their provisions at one meal. Corporal Charles Duff, Adelaide Rifle Band, is discharged from the Volnnteer Military Force. The undermentioned men are granted leave of absence -.—Gunner C. Callaghan, A Battery, three months ; Gunner H. B«evor, B Battery, two months ; Private J. Comley, B Company, three months ; Private J. Fowler, G Company, three months ; Bugler Higgins, M Company, permanent leave; Private T. Offler, B Company, three months ; Private Oliver, B Company, two months ; Private W. Wilson, B Company, three months ; Bugler Corporal C. G. Whelan, G Company, three months; Private J. Paynter, L Company, three months. The undermentioned men are placed on the unattachM list: — Private Newell, D Company; Private Devore, D Company ; and Private Hammond, D Com pany. Private W. H. Nolan, L Company, is discharged on medical certificate. Thb Cataioa Aground is sjhe Port River.— This fine ocean steamer grounded in the Port River on Friday morning, October 31, but after half an hour's detention went alongside the wharf. Pilot Boord, who was in charge, had, though it was dead low water, two to three feet of water to spare in the channel, but departed from it too eoon for the wharf. When opposite the Coalshed Wharf he pointed the steamer's head to the wharf, int soon she was aground on the bank oppo site- the Manne Board Wharf. After some trouble she was dragged off, and went along side safely. In front of the South Australian Company's Quay No. 1 there is not less than twenty-four feet of water at low - water springs, and it is felt that the Marine Board should at least cut off the corner of the bank in front of their wharf, so as to render the approach to the Ocean Steamers' Wharf less dangerous. Royal Agricultural Society.— At the meeting of the above Society on Friday, a letter was read irom Mr. J. L. Thompson, Manager of Bcefacrcs, on behalf of and with the authority of Mr. Hart, withdrawing the observations contained in a communica tion from Mr. Hart, read at the previous meeting, and which was strongly objected to at the time by Mr. Rymill and others. The letter also withdraws the reference to the Judges as well as anything that may be taken as offensive by them or the committee. VElfTILATrN'G THE ASSEMBLY CHAMBER. — The work of adapting the new system of ventilation to the Assembly Chamber is now nearly completed, and the Architect-in-Chief estimates that the cost of the experiment will be about £150. Some weeks ago we published Mr. Woods's explanation of the new arrangement, and that need not be re peated now. It may be mentioned, however, that the area of the Chamber represents 30,000 feet; the new ventilator will force into it 2,000 cubic feet of fresh [air a minute, so that in a quarter of an hour, or in twenty minutes at most, a completely fresh supply will be far nished if the apparatus works well. Much needed alterations are being made in the Press gallery. The cold tube through which the air is forced will be enswathed in felt ; the outlet pipes are being modified, and the Jesks and the seats are being raised. So far is can be judged now the result will certainly be beneficial, and it has one feature at least to recommend it : The. deficiencies of any 3yBtem applied to the old building will suggest to the Architect-in-Chief what to ivoid in the new. England Eleven v. South Australian Fifteen.— The English Eleven of profes sionals began their first match in Australia in Friday afternoon on the Adelaide Oval against a South Australian Fifteen picked by Mr. W. O. Whitridge. The weather was cloudy, with rather a strong south westerly- wind blowing. The attendance was moderate. W. Slight and Watling, two of the original fifteen, were unable to play, and their placss were filled by the emergency men— W. Knill and L. W. Evan. Fortune favoured Jarvia, the Adelaide skipper, and he, as a matter of course, took advantage of the splendid wicket Churchett had piepared. The local team kept at the wickets all the afternoon, and when stumps were drawn had made 163 for the loss of 10 wickefa. The principal scorers were Brideson with 41, Giffen 29, Gooden 26, and Jarvis 25. Flowers and Attewell were by far the most successful of the English bowlers. The game promises to be very interesting, and will be continued at 1.15 this afternoon. The New Parliament Buildings. — Through the courtesy of Mr. Wood, Architect-in-Chief, a representative from our office had on Friday an opportunity of inspecting, in company with that gentle man, the fonndation and basement works of the new Parliament Buildings, which are now eo far advanced as to give an idea of the magnitude of this structure, against which there has been such a loud outcry on the ground of its non-necessity. Owing to the uneven contour of the surface of the tite, which slopes considerably from south to north, the groundwork of the build ing has been unusually expensive, and specially heavy work bas had to be pat in to secure absolute stability. For the same reason a great deal of space in the north end beneath the basement proper will be of no practical use.! All the work yet done has been that which makes no show ; but now that that stage is passed the walls will soon be seen above the surrounding hoarding. The granite and the marble give the building a most substantial appearance, and all the brick parts are in keeping with the rest. The are about fifty men engaged at different duties on the contract. It sounds rather strangely in these times oc loud complaint about the scarcity of work to hear that the building has been seriously delayed owing to the fact that the necessary bricks— the supply of which might easily be made to considerably exceed the demand — are not forthcoming. For a similar reason :t has been found impossible to give constant employment to the number of stonecutters and dressers required. The granite, which is sent from West Island, does not come down in nearly sufficient quantities, though the place whence it is taken is said to be easily accessible. The men on the con tract are now dressing the last lot of stone, and the presumption is that unless more comes Boon a number of them at least will be out of work. On the other hand, those who decry the excellence of colonial stone would do well to inspect tli ' Kapunda marble and the West Island '.raaite at this building. The window arc!:: a are beautifully cut, the marble being exceedingly hard and fine. The granite is evenly marked, and takes a capital face. One special feature of the basework of the building is the foundation of the tower, massively built of concrete and brick. Good honest work seems put into the whole struc ture, which, whether unnecessary or not, will certainly be substantial and handsome. It will be at least two years before the new Assembly Chamber will be ready for the use of the members. Mr. Glaister is the con tractor's Manager. Inquest on the Fire at Wheeler's. — This enquiry was concluded at the Southern Cross Hotel on Friday. The evidence showed that the value of the stock was from £12,000 to £14,C00. The private watchman who is employed by several of the neighbours was in the yard about twenty minutes before the fire occurred, and saw no sign of it, a--d nothing as to its origin was adduced. I a summing up, the Coroner remarked that the evidence showed that the fire was one to which a certain amount of suspicion at tached. If it had been the act of an in cendiary he must have had a key, as it had been shown that the place hadnot been broken into. The Jury, after a short retirement, returned a verdict that the evidence was not sufficient to show the cause of the fire. The Coroner, who considered this incorrect, asked them to reconsider their verdict, which they accordingly did, but made no alteration. Mr. Ward in accepting it said he did not consider it in accordance with the evidence, a statement which the foreman said he con sidered very unkind. Fibe at Morphett Vale.— On Thursday afternoon the homestead of Mrs. E. Pocock at Morphett Vale was entirely destroyed by fire. Miss Pocock placed some light wood on the kitchen fire, which, blazing up, caught the calico ceiling through an aper ture in the chimney. The roof being thatched quickly became ignited, and, with the exception of a sum of money and one or two articles of furniture, the whole of the property was consumed. The dairy, being iron-roofed, was partly saved by a few neigh bours who hastily assembled. Much sym pathy is felt for Mrs. Pocock, who is an old resident and highly esteemed. It is not pro bable that an inquest will be held. Trial of the Delaval Separator.— On Friday, October 31, a number of gentlemen interested in the improvement of our colonial industries met at North-terrace on the pre mises of Messrs. Harrold Brothers to witness a second trial of the Gi Delaval cream separator. The first trial a few days before was not altogether satisfactory, because the cream came out too dense, in consequence of the operators not understanding the work irg of the machine. A couple of tarns on the screw regulating the outflow of the cream made all the difference, and on this occasion everything went on as should be. Mr. Shaw, of Islington, supplied 21 gallons of milk, which was placed in the feed-tank at 2.24 p.m. In exactly two minutes the Rkim-inilfc began to flow rapidly through the pipe, and at two and a quarter minutes a steady stream of cream escaped from the other pipe. In juBt twenty-one and a quarter minutes the whole of the milk had been put through the separator, and yielded 22J lb. of cream, equal to 2J gallons— or 10J per cent, of cream— which is rather above the average. Samples of the new milk and of the- skim-milk, together- witk'some of the_~ cream, were handed to the Secretary of the Society, Mr. Coates, for analysis. On en quiry we find that this machine costs £45 in Adelaide, and with the necessary inter mediate gear, &c;, will not cost less than £50. To work it an engine of one-horsepower would be best, though it can be worked on a half-horsepower. A steady motion of between 6,000 and 7,000 revolutions is necessary. The skim-milk, to the taste, seemed to be com pletely deprived of its fatty constituents, and of course was perfectly sweet. Cereal Exports. — Notwithstanding the very low price of wheat during the present year, the estimated value of grain, flour, meal, bran, and pollard exported during the first ten months was £2,150,383 ; being £1,253,935 in excess of the value of the same exports for the corresponding period of 1883. South Australian Society of Arts.— The twenty-seventh annual general meeting was held on the 30th instant. The Hon. H. Scott, M.L.C., Chairman. The Hon. Secre tary reported the cash balance in Bank and in hand to be £170 9a. 10d.; the liabilities about £8. The sub-committee reported arrange ment of competitive prize-list, and recom mended thatjthe Exhibition should be held as near to May 1, 1885, as convenient, which was approved. The Hon. Secretary, Mr. A. Abrahams, having resigned his appointment through want of time to properly fulfil the duties, it was resolved that a minute be recorded expressive of the Society's acknow ledgment of its obligation to him .for ihis gratuitous and zealous services for the past twenty years. Office-bearers for the ensuing year were elected. Mr. A. Abrahams was elected a member of the Board of Governors of the Public Library, &c.; Sub-Committees were ap pointed for arranging the next competitive prize Exhibition and for appointing a Sec retary and fixing his remuneration. Mr. R. E. Minchin undertook to act as Secretary pro tern. The seventeenth competitive prize list was approved, comprising 38 Society's prizes amounting to about 120%guineas for general competition, and 16 prizes amounting to 30 guineas, contributed by various gentle men for competition by the pupils of the School of Painting and School of Design only. Bazaar at the Town Hall.— The bazaar in connection with St. Bartholomew's Church was continued at the Town Hall on Friday with the same success ad attended it on the opening day. During the afternoon and even ing the room was well filled, and, thanks to the assiduous efforts of the ladies, a brisk trade was done. During the evening the pro ceedings were enlivened by selections given by the Adelaide Orchestra. The bazaar will be continued to- day, and to-night the members of the Church Young Men's Society will appear in ' Furnished Apartments' in the Refreshment-room. The English cricketers have also accepted an invitation to be pre sent. In the list of ladies presiding at the Btalls published in Friday's Register the names of Mesdames Creswell and Johnson were inadvertently omitted. Grange Railway and Investment Com pany.— A half-yearly meeting of shareholders in the Grange Railway and Investment Com^ pany was held at the Secretary's office] Currie-street, on Friday afternoon. There were shareholders present representing 14,642 shares, and the Chairman of Direc tors, Hon. J. B. Spence, M.L.C., presided. The Directors' report stated that they re gretted that the depression which had ob tained during the last six months had left them without anything special to report, and similarly with all Companies relying upon the sales; of land the Company had not been an exception to the stagnancy in this respect which had prevailed for so long. The traffic on the railway had also Buffered during the winter months ; but the Directors were now working it with greater economy, and hoped that in the coming summer the receipts would more nearly if not quite meet the working expenses. The Directors wished to point out that the land rtill in possession of the Company was valued at^the original price paid for it before the construc tion of the railway and the completion of the other improvements— that was at one-fourth the price it fetched at auction two years ago. The item of £1,282, which was charged against the railway, represented the loss on working during the six months, the main tenance of the line, and extension to the esplanade, and improvements effected at the esplanade and Railway Station. The balance-sheet showed balance from last half-year,! £4,826 Us. 9d.; interest, £13 19s. 9d.; railway, £1,282 3s. lid.; sundries bring ing the total up to £6,364 6s.- 8d. The balance at present wafl £6.362 16s. 8d. On the motion of Mr. Cowell, seconded by Mr. A. Harvey, the report and balance-sheet were adopted. The retiring Auditors were re-elected, their remuneration being fixed at £4 4s. ' Rev. J. R. Glasson.— This gentleman unex pectedly arrived by the South Australian from Melbourne on Iriday morning to tempo rarily supply the College Park Congregational pulpit. It is announced that Rev. A. Jones will preach to-morrow, and that Rev. J. R. Glassonwill commence his ministrations at College Park on Sunday, November 9. Collegiate Schools' Assoctation. — A meeting of the Collegiate Schools' Associa- tion was held at Prince Alfred College on Friday evening, October 31. The President (Mr. T. Caterer) occupied the chair. There was a very fair attendance of members. Mr. W. Whinham was elected a member. The President referred to the loss which the cause of education had suffered in the death of Mr. R. Whinham, and the following resolution, proposed by Mr. F. Chappie, B.A., B.Sc, and seconded by Mr. F. Caterer, was carried unanimously — ' That this Asso- ciation desires to place upon record its sense of the very great value of the life and labours of the late Mr. Robert Whinham in the cause of education. He was personally singularly well-fitted for scholastic work, and his in- tense devotion to the high principle which actuated him and the eminent success which attended his efforts were manifest to us all. He appeared to love young people, and to desire with all his heart to train them well, to fit them for life, and to do them good. By his sudden removal we have sustained a great loss— we are deprived of a highly gifted and greatly: respected co-worker. We feel the deepest sympathy for his aged parents in the heavy blow they have sustained, and for the important educational establishment which he so largely helped to raise to the high position which it now occupies.' The question of a memorial by the Association was referred to the committee. The Secretary read a letter from the Regis- trar of the University declining to use numbers instead of names of candidates at examinations, stating, however, that the name of the school whence the candidate came would not in future be supplied to the examiner. The question of evening lectures at the University was discussed when consider- ing the report of the sub-committee on this subject. A large amount of correspondence from the various Literary Societies in and near Adelaide was read, showing that very many would avail themselves of the oppor- tunity if it were afforded. The Association are ss pleased with the support they have received that they intend to bring the matter before the Senate and Council of the University at the next meeting of those bodies. The Pre- sident introduced a discussion on the Value of 'History in the school curriculum.' The subject was entered into with spirit, and the various ways of teaching it were brought forward by various members. The high value of history was fully recognised. Proposed City Band.— We are glad to hear that there is a chance of a City Band of a high-class character being permanently es tablished in Adelaide. The success of the Torrens Lake Rotunda performances last summer, as evidenced by the large number of people who were attracted every week, indi cates there is plenty of scope for a City Band in our midst, and that the establishment of a really good one would meet with general approval It is with plea sure therefore we are able to state that steps have been taken by Signor Squarise which itj ia to be hoped will result in the Bervicea of a high-class band being placed at the disposal of the public. Signor Squarise held a State appointment in Italy for four years as bandmaster, and those who had the pleasure of hearing in the Albert Hall and elsewhere during the present year ;hat 'jjeHbrtnance' of 'the band of 'ninety mnsicians trained by himself need not be told that Signor Squarise possesses excep tional ability, not only as a conductor, but also as a composer. The latter qualification stands him in good stead, as it enables him to adapt the scores of the great masters to the exact capacity of the musicians and in struments at his disposal, while it is always a pleasure to hear the Signor's original com positions. The difficulties in the way of bringing the enterprise up to the standard which its projector wishes it to obtain are not yet entirely surmounted. He considers that a band worthy of the city should consist of not less than forty performers,, for whom he would have to find suitable instruments. He then proposes to send at once to one of the best makers in Italy or Vienna for a set of forty instruments, it being most de sirable, to ensure success, that the in struments should all be by the Bame maker. This he calculates would cost from £80 to £100, while the annaal expenses would, he thinks, be under £300 a year. Several prominent citizens have signified their willingness to become members of the Committee of Management to supervise the disposal of the funds, and decide, where and when the band shall perform, and all that is really wanted to make the enterprise what it deserves to be, a thorough Buccess and a credit to the city, iB— £ s. d. Once started the band would undertake to play every week during the summer months at the Rotunda, or wherever the committee might decide, and on any other pnblic occasions required by the Committee of Management. Dr. Schomburgk points out that there are splendid sites in the Botanic Garden and Park for a band.' Near the Rosary there is a choice spot, and here it is proposed to erect the splendidly carved Oriental gateway which has just arrived .from Calcutta^ and which now lieB at the Port till a decision has been arrived at with regard to its loca tion. In order to have the band available for the approaching season, Signor Squarise has issued a circular inviting the public to subscribe towards this very desirable ob ject. Celebration of Halloween. — A large number of ladies and gentlemen assembled at the Albert Hall on Friday evening to cele brate the time of Halloween. No festival is more honoured by our Scottish friends than that of Halloween, when elves and fairies are supposed to exercise a more than wonted sway, and the (most mysterious and uncanny . means are resorted to— or at any rate were at one time— for the purpose of discovering the secrets which the future has in store; In Burns's poem 'Halloween' the bard describes with much fidelity most of the method's preva lently the banks of bonny Doon, from pulliHg the hail— a mysterious ceremony performed by candlelight after dark— to burning the nuts, the action of the nuts under fire giving a sure indication of what is about to happen to the couple who thus try their luck. The latter ceremony was performed with all due hononr at the Albert' Hall at the festival of Halloween, as also was the more popular one among the juvenile portion called 11 dookin' ' for apples. This is a very simple but much-cherished custom, the juveniles ' dookin'' or dippingtheir heads in the water trough provided for the occasion, and doing their level best to seize an apple with their teeth. Somewhat similar to this custom is that of forking the apples, the little ones endeavouring to spear an apple with a fork, the apples being kept in a constant state of circulation, and necessitating a most accu rate aim, At the back of the platform on which these little amusements were being carried on was an immense hollow water melon catved into the shape of a face, inside of which gleamed a lighted candle of rioted power to scare away the ghosts. The first part' of the evening was devoted to dancing, singing, and recitations, several songs and recita tions in the Scotch dialect being credit ably given. After 10 o'clock dancing was indulged in exclusively, Scotch and English dances— jigs, waltzes, ' and quadrilles1— being kept up to a late hour. Music was furnished from a piano and violin, and occasionally from the bagpipes, without which of course no Scotch festival would be complete. The hall was prettily decorated wich flags, and while the dancing was going on presented a very gay appearance, the Highland costumes worn by some of the dancers lending the charm of variety to the scene. Prolific Wheat.— At the Flower Show held at Port Pirie on Wednesday last Mr. James Ward, of Nelshaby, exhibited a sheaf of wheat which he has named Ward's Pro lific. When Dr. Schomburgk distributed the Dutoit and Twenty Weeks wheat in 1881 Mr. Ward noticed :a few seeds of special quality in that which be received, and these he planted separately. The return tor the first year was 1 lb. ; in the second year he obtained 150 lb. ; and the third 7 bags. The heads exhibited were 5$ inches long and fall of plump grain. This season he anticipates a yield of 150 bags. Entertainment at the Home for In curables. — A tea and entertainment were provided for the inmates of the Home for Incurables by ladies and gentlemen of North Adelaide on Thursday evening, October 30. The tea was hud out in the large dining-hall, and most of the inmates were able to attend. After tea an entertainment, consisting of songs, recitations, readings, &c;, was well carried out. The chair was taken by Mr. J. Murray, and the following ladies and gentlemen assisted, viz.— Misses Marshall and Williams, Mrs. Simson, Messrs. F. E. Randell, Davidson, Hendry^ Whiting, Crispe, Twelvetree, and Murray. The various items were thoroughly enjoyed by the inmates, and the wish was expressed that it would not be the last of the kind given there. Flower Show at the Congregational School, Glenelg.— The Floral and Arts Exhibition in connection with the Congre gational Sunday-school, Glenelg, was con tinued on Friday evening. A large number of people visited the hall and manifested great interest in the floral display and works of art which were bo much admired on the opening day.' Several ladies and gentlemen contributed to the enjoyment of the evening by singing songs and rendering pianoforte solos. Among the most successful were Herr Hans Bertram, Messrs. Rickafda and Stacey, and Mrs. Kohn. ; Entertainment on the Reformatory Hulk.— Mr. Weippert, who has recently undertaken the duties of schoolmaster to the boys on the Fitegames, has introduced a new departure in the manner of their entertain ment, and on Friday evening, with the assistance of a party of ladies and gentlemen from Adelaide and neighbourhood, a very good ,' miscellaneous programme was pre-' sented, in which the boys themselves, were well represented. The Bteamlaunch Blue bell lef t Largs Bay Jetty in time to arrive at the hulk before sundown, and on getting alongside the visitors were heartily welcomed, by the Chairman1 of- 'the Destitute Board and the officers of the, vessel. The gleeful chatter of the expectant', boys was at once heard, and on ascending to the rnaindeck the work of busy hands was immediately apparent in the capital arrange ment .made for the evening. Stools' and chairs in abundance were arranged for the auditory; while a capital' proscenium had been: devised with the aid of flags, the lamps setting everything off to advantage. The boys, to the number of fifty-seven;- were mustered and marched to their seats, when Mr. Reed told them they had kind friends ashore, who took an interest in their wel fare. That he hoped was the first of a series of entertainments to be given at intervals. On asking the boys if they would like thiB, there were lond cries of ' Yes, Sir.' He had no doubt it wonld give them plea sure, and they would try to get the same help in the future. Miss Bradley then com menced the programme by a selection on the organ, after which the Chairman introduced four oC the Hulk lads— Furze, Elliott, Goodall, and Maddem— who gave a short dramatic representation, entitled' 'Scenes from the School of Reform,' in which the moral taught was specially appropriate to the youthful mind. Tho lads : acted their part fairly welL Goodall then re cited 'The Charge 'of the Light Brigade,' and had an apparent grasp of the spirit of the theme. Mr. Mitchell, a visitor, followed with 'We Tars that on the Ocean Sail.' ] which was well received. Raines, another ! Hulk lad, gave a comic song in character, i ? ??- ?, ?..„::?? ???.?'/:?„-; ' The Wornont Nigger,' and elicited shouts -F applausTfrom the boys. A little fellow lamed Vautell recited ' Tommy and the Apples,' quite bringing down the house by bis simplicity. Elliott, of the Hulk, recited I Paddy O'Rafferty' with a good brogue, md Miss Shorney followed with the song ' The Ship-boy's letter.' Another )f the lads named Grant sang with much; pathos 'The Spanish Cavalier.' 3oodall again appeared, reciting in a comical manner 'The Gluttonous Duck,' causing much merriment. Mr. Mitchell recited ?The Masher,' and Miss Shorney sang II The Better Land,' both meeting with much favour. Elliott again appeared, and jang 'The Dark-eyed Sailor' in a pleasing manner. Mr. Farrow, of Port Adelaide; who jame with a second party to the vessel, con tributed a violin solo. Mr. Weippert, Mr. Button, the Acting Superintendent, and Mr. Reed made a few further remarks, the former speaking hopefully of the character . md ability of the boys under his care. Hanks were accorded the visitors, who lumbered about forty, and on leaving the ressel the lads gave ringing cheers for Mr.' Reed and all who had assisted. The National Anthem closed the programme, ' The boys wpxe regaled with cakes and buns Bent by iriends, and the visitors were also enter tained. The party landed in time for an jarly train. Hospital Item.— On Friday a woman aamed M. Reid was taken to the Hospital by the police in an intoxicated state.' She was suffering from alleged poisoning through white precipitate. At 8 p.m. she was in no 3anger. Christ Church, North Adelaide.— In connection with the anniversary services of this Church onFridayeveninga choral service was held, atwhich there was a verygoodatten Sance. The Rev. T. Field, M.A., read the Eirst lesson, the Rev. F. S. Poole the second, and the responses were intoned by the Rev. H. J. Freeland, the Bishop's second curate. Archdeacon Dove delivered a most interest ing and instructive address based on Hebrews xii 22—25. The chancel and altar were very prettily . decorated with flowers by ladies Jof the : congregation. The offertory was in aid of the organ chamber. : $ubi-EN Death.— On Friday a woman named Ann Parsons, of North Adelaide, was found in her bed unconscious, and at the instance of Dr. Verco was removed to .the Hospital, where she died shortly after. An inquest is to be held this morning. ' ? United Trades and Labour C6uncil-- A meeting of this Council was held on Friday evening at the Sir John Barleycorn Hotel. Mr. James Clements, presided, and the Societies represented were the following: —Carpenters and joiners, typo graphers, masons and bricklayers, boiler makers, seamen, tailors, bootmakers, builders' labourers, coachmakers, plasterers,, and Baddlers. The Chairman welcomed dele gates from the Typographical Society, and a^so from the Bootmakers', -which had joined the Council eince the last meeting, and said he believed that all the trade Societies were now represented on the Council. The Chairman referred to the speeches made in the House of Assembly by Messrs. Newland, Miller, and Catt, and the Commissioner of Crown Lands on the matter of wages in the colony. He was sorry for the statements made, because they were un true. On visiting Hunt's labour office, in com pany with Mr. Pickson, he found that the farmers were well supplied with - labonr. There were numbers of men going to work for 15s. per week, although it was quite true that about one in 200 obtained 30s. on account of the hay harvest giving a little extra employment. In spite of a recent state ment by Mr. Grainger, it seemed that there remained a sum of £24,000 to be spent in immigration, and members of Parliament were willing to bring thousands of people into the colony while there was no work for them to do. At the present time there were five men waiting for every three men's em ployment. The- delegates in attendance represented between 6,000 and 8,000 men, and surely their views must weigh with the House of Assembly. His experience of the workmen of Adelaide told him. that they were a most unselfish class of men, whereas in the House of Assembly each mem ber looked mainly after his own interests. Without doubt, if those members who thought the labourers on the land were getting too high wages had among their con stituents a high proportion of labourers they would be careful to express different views. Delegates from the building trade reported that they had been in commit ijication with the Master Builders' Associa tion, and bad informed them that unless workmen were competent and capable of ' earning full wages they could not be admitted into the men's Associations. The Council endorsed the action of the building trades, A long discus sion took place in reference to the question of employing Chinese seamen. A proposal was made that a public meeting similar to that held in Port Adelaide lately should be held in the Adelaide Town Hall! to assist the Seamen's Union in demanding a remedy for the evil. The Chairman, in supporting the proposal, hoped the subject wonld be treated from its moral and social aspect. The motion was carried unanimously, and several members volunteered [to get the necessary requisition signed so as to [obtain the Town Hall for a public meeting. Mr. Morris thought the Government should give its support when possible to the Orient Shipping Company when arranging for the mails, instead of to the Peninsular and Oriental Steam Navigation Company, which em ployed such a large number of lascara and coolies on board their steamers. It was decided that an annual report of work done and results obtained by the Council should be published. After considerable discussion it was decided by the casting vote of the Chairman that the Council should send two delegates to the Tariff Revision Committee. South Australian Student.— Mr. T, A. Hynes, who left the colony in June last for Edinburgh, to study for the medical profes sion, has successfully passed his matricula tion examination, and was placed first in the first class. , - : North Adelaide Post Office,— The new Post Office in Tynte-atreet, North Adelaide, will be formally opened for (business this morning at 9 o'clock, Market Gardeners' Picnic— The prizes won at the recent market gardeners' picnic are to be distributed by the Mayor of Ade laide at the East-End Market Hotel this morning. '. ?'?'?' ?? ? i Cycling.— A conjoined run of the ' local :bicycieJ,club8 will, leave /Victoria-square for .Little Para this afternoon. , ', All Souls' Church; East Adelaide.— The dedication services of this Church will take place today and to-morrow, the preacher on Saturday being theVen. Archdeacon Dove, 'and on Sunday the Rev. Canon Dendy, D.D., and thei Rev. Canon Green., i Tram Fares.-^A public meeting is an ;nounced to be. held at' the Payneham Insti itnte this evening to take into consideration !the action of the Directora of the Tramway Company in raising the fares. Hindmarsh BAPiisT Chuech. — The opening of the new Baptist Church, Hind : marsh, is announced for Sunday, when three special services will be conducted by Pastor D. VV. HiddleBtone, of Launceston. ' RrvEB Levels.— The following was the state of the rivers at the', undermentioned stations at 9 a.m.-on October 31 i—Gun dagai, 4 ft. 6 in. ; Wagga Wages, 5 ft. 7 in. ; Hay, 4 ft. 3 in.j Balranald.T ft.'; Namoi,' low; Barwon, 4 ft, falling;' Brewar rina and Boutke, 2 ft., falling tXouth, 5 ft. 3 in: Tilpa, 6 ft. 9 in.; Wilcannia and Me nindie, low; Pooncarie, 10 in.; Wentworth, 7 ft. 5 in; ; Albury, 5 ft.; Wahgnnyah, 9 ft.; Echuca, 10 ft.; Swan Hill, 8 ft. 9 in.; Eufiton, 9 ft. 4 in.; Overland Corner, 5 ft. 3 in.; Goodoga, Mungnndi, and Mogil, low. Pabbot-shooting . Match. — A parrot shooting match will be held at the Goodwood Park Hotel this afternoon. Immigration and Emigration. — The number of passengeis -who arrived at Port Adelaide by sea from other parts during the week ending Saturday, October 25, was 214. Of these 162 came from Melbourne, 23 from Sydney, 22 from London, 5 from Natal, 1 from Brisbane, 1 from Normanton. The number, who left Port Adelaide by. sea for other parts during the same period was 325. For Melbourne, 264; for Sydney, 31; for London, 15; for Hongkong, 6; for Port Darwin, 5; for Fre mantle. 2 : for Guam. 2. ? 