IMovclfst DAN LYONS' DOOM. CHAPTEll I. HKSIOSVriOX. By WAIT WANDER. u is? this is (ho placo?" tho tall, refineii /rating young rann asked, as ho aeatad liira its' on n stone upon tho hill-aide and tiur reyrf (ho country at his feet. " This is Matmngn you have talked to mo co much ?bont, Tady?" "'Tα, miathor Leonard; wo arc in it ot last, praises be. There taronint yon is bi.' Mount Bobau, with tho Jittla township lyinj; nt tho pit ol it, just tho same a? it wna iwulvo years ogo. And now look below you to your light; do you sec the low houfo wid tho treiv a'raost a-top of it, and lUibim Creek crrepinp e/ong by it like a thread of silver in tho gras- '/ Well, that's St. Herriok's place." "Ah, I boo it, Tady; and your golden ilaini, whore did it Hi:?" "Where it lies yot, pkaso God. Do you in the big dead tree sticking whito like n j skeleton, out of tho slopo behind tho hou?u ? The claims wore not. twenty yards from that." , "WoU, now Thdy, juct ts-lt mo tho utorv of the St. Ueirick'a on the spot while I amoko !\ pipe. It hiss atu-uys eccmori to mo ft very Unreal story; perhaps I may {eel mora like ereditiug it if I hear it here on tho Hpot from which I can boo tho scene itself." "You wor ever an' always a bard nut, misther Leonard, und wouldn't boliuvo the piiest himself if ho wint against you; but hero you nra now, aftber travellin' thousands ay miles to make a liar of wo an' you can's doit." Leonard Prossor laughed pleaeantly as lie manipulated his tobacco, and looked slyly at iho comioftl figure seated near him on the grass. " I don't know m ninch about that, Tody. What witnesses bavo you J 1 1 was just wonderin'," Tady leturned, thoughtfully. " If ho's hero yet, there's a gentleman Uvea in onn of them white houses beyant tho bridgo that can tell you tho Gtory as well as 1 can, an' bedad, ho may tell it, far I won't never again. I'm tired of boin?mis-' relieved and misdoubted." "It I thought you were in earnest, I'd go straight back to Corbally again," tho young man replied, laughingly, as ho put a match to ma pipo and began to smoke enjoyably, " but I know that you cannot wish ioV a greater proof of my aonfldenco in you than that I should havo followed you half round tho world to pco Marranga and tho loat claim." "That's true, cur, but nil tho same I'd like Mr. Follard to tell you about it, if hoe to tho tore, but twelve years in a long time." "Who was Mr. Pollard?" "Ho was a magistrate, an , a great friend iDirely of Colonel St. Herriek'a. But here, 111 Buy no more till wo go down to tho town snip. Sco, there's tho coaoh just turnin' round tho Gap road-- she'll get in an hour be lore as," The young gentlemnn did not reply. Ho was thoughtfully scanning tho landsoapo be neath and around him with tho doubly in. tenso enjoyment of n lover of nature debarred worn a view of her charms for tho many weeks occupied by a long E ea voyage, and thinking not a little about tbo eventa con noeted with tho St. llorricke, of whom ho lial bo often heard from hia humblo friend, J-iadeus Connor. Aa they ciro seated there, silently, lot mo describo tho two dissimilar oeings who play no uneventful part in thie .Leonard Prosser -was twenty-threo, and a picture of handsome and muscular health. in ma bronzed face, every featuro indioated an intelligent and loveablo nature, hie dark ouzel O j Da especially having tho clear, frank expression of a thoughtful yet frank and li s , natnro - Ho was attired in service able well-cut tweed, and had a soft brown lolt lmt on his short brown curls. Xhadeua Connor was thirty-fivo, if a day and was about as ordinary a epecimou of humanity as you could imagine Ho was snort of stature, thin-limbed and biirjointed. His arms wero too long for tho sizo of hia Wt a form, and hia oyetf, net deep in their MCHots under pont-houces of red hnir, wero BmaU liI:Q a ferrets. His round ?snouldere and odd figuro wore osnggerated by a tightly- fitting coat and trousers of a bright Clue decorated amply with brass buttons, and a Drillmnt peacook's feather was stuck in tha trout of hia stiff, low- crowned blnck hat. A v?y glittering Albert denoted tho presence oi a watch in his pooket, and a sroat gold nng adorned ono of his stumpy little fingers. ?Ina expression o( ovory lino of hie form and erery twinklo of hie little eyes was of cunning and self-conceit, but thoeo who knew the i'ttle Iri?hman well could havo told how truo and faithful was tho heart few gavo him credit for possessing. " There's a path oloso to us on tho right; i wonder whero it goca to?" said Leonard, Dtwking tho sileneo nt last. ' The placo where tho Colonel was buried was up thoro on tho sido of tho hill," replied tno Irishman, as ho turned hia face over his shoulder to scan tho traoli nlluded to ; " but oy the piper that playod boforo Mo3C3, wherever it goes to thero's an angel comin' down it?" s v . N v, Aa waa only natural, young Grosser turned also to sco what had drawn tho exclamation irorn his humblo friend, and he too caw coming along tho green fair hillside, a form taat might at least havo been ono in a dream of ?fleavc? so sweet and unearthly it was in the fairest lovelineas. It was a young girl of eleven or twelve years, followed by a coal black Newfoundland dog. So strango alto gether was" the appearance of this child that Leonard Pressor hesitated ere ho decided she was truly nn inhabitant of this lower world. About oloven years old, as I have said, the Riil wne small for her age, and by far too doliaattly elender. She was attirod in a pale blue dress, over which fell down to her very waist a cloud of tho moat lonely fair hair thut over grew on a child's head. It was not golden fair, but o£ that far rarer hue that re sembles tho sido of a young fawn with tho rloss of satin on every hair. Tho pale face, overshadowed by tho drooping brim of a broad Tuscan hat, was so delicately outlined in every foaturo tho,'. no waxen one was ever more perfectly modelled, nor yet had n brighter rose on its chocks, and in overy lino of the face and form fchero was expressed v calmness and pence that was surely not of this woiid. As tho ft'irl ncared tho mon aho looked at them steadily, and without a trace of fear in tho Boft bluo oyca over which tho fair lashes fell like n veil; but tho great dog moved steadily to her side and examined the friends cautiously m she paused before them and spoke. " You nro strangers ? " she asked gently. " Yes, quito strangers," Leonard replied, with a smile that at onco assured the child sho wa? addressing ono who waa to ho trusted. " Wo have only come to Marranga within tho hour; and you?" "11 oh I am no Btrangcr. I was born at Miuranga." There was a pnuuo, in whioh Tady's small eyes seemed to si-ttle themselves on tho child's faco with a preot wonder hi them. " Are you the pontleman who has taken St. Ilwrick's ?" she asked hesitatingly, as she gftzed at Leonard, while sho held moro closely to hor breast a cluster of golden.blossoms she w.is carrying. " I think not"; wo havo as yet made no arrangements for residing at Marrangn." 11 1 brg your pardon," tho child said gontly ; ?'St. Herriok's wss niama'e homo onco, and we hoard some gentleman had rented it. 1 did (<o hope it would bo some one nice." Tho last sentonco was repeated thought fully, as her eyes wandered down to the low house among tho trees that Tady had pointed out as St. Herrick'o. . ? "Stay Miss," tho Irishman eaid eagerly,"as the girl was turning to go on her way. "Aro you a St. Herriok? " I " Yes, I urn ftcsijjnalion St. Herrick—tbolaUs ] Colonol St. Herrick was my father." I "I thought co," Tady cried, "youhave tho poor Colonel's oyes ns liko as two poaa." " Mania cays bo ; did you know him ? did ! you know my denrfatner?" nnd tho rosy fiuah spread from tho soft checks e\\\ over the fair face. ? ' " Yes, Miss, I know him well. I was here at Marrangu 1 suppose before you wore born. 1 ' " Yr.o, it must buve been. Papa was dead before I was born, that is tho reason maroa called mo Resignation. Did you lovo my pipft?" ' " Kvcryono rcajiected and liked him!" Tady sr.irt quickly. " No, not everyone; thero was a bad man— you forgot—tho man who killed him." " Yes, thn curse o' God on him, I forgot Dan Lyons I " Tndy cried angrily. " Htii'l). do not spenk wrong word.?. God j knows bent himeclf. May I ehako hands with you because yon know m/ dcud papa ? " " God bless tho child I " the honest Irish man eaid, s? he clasped the little slender hand that was tendered him. " You will shako hands with mc, too, as a new friend ? My name is Leonard Prosser," tho young gentlemau said, putting out hie hand also, " and will you introduce ma to your dog? . Dogs and I aro always groat friends." "My dog is called Guardian, sir, for he takes earn of mo, and is a very faithful dog. Aro you going to stay hore sir? " " Yea, dear, wo think of remaining for some time near Marranga." " I am glad, I shall soo you again. Good bye now." and the child made a gravo bow to Leonard and Tady, and then glided down tho path toward St. IJerrick's. "Isn't that quaro now?" tho Irishman asked ns they stood and watched tho light form passing through the underwood that skirted the eminence on which they had been seatsd, " that wo should meet Colonol ller rick's daughter tho very iirst on landing in thn placo? " " It ie a etrango coinojdenco, truly. This child was not born then, when you left Mar rungn, Tady?" "'No, but one was expeoted if tho mother lived. God help her, it was a hard trial she had to bear. What do you Bay to getting down to tho township now, Mr. Leonard? Tho ooach is nearly in, nnd we'd botter bo seem' afthcr our thraps." CIIAPTEtt 11. THE DUSEHTED CLAW.*. A few hours later found Leonard Proaser and his companion, tho little Irishman, seated in Mr. Pollard's oflloo at Marranga, and Tady jubilant over tho fact o! that gentlemau being Mill v of that neighborhood. Ho had introduced his young roaster, and given Iho J.P. a skotoh of his doings during his absenco from Australia, and now ho was greedily inquiring as to the events of tho last twelve years in quiet Marrauga. " And so you t?ll mo that a pick has never been struok in them claims sinco, Mr. Pol lard?" " Not since our poor friend's exhumation, Tady. Nono of the claims had paid well, you know, and they were abandoned after that awful murder. Even you went, Tady." " I wint, yes," the Irishman said aggress ively ; " but 'twasn't on account of the bad prospect, for we had tha best in No. 2, buf on account of tho place gottin' a bad name—you know that yoursolf, fir." " Yes, v etory of the claim being haunted got abroad, and every shaft was deserted ; but us I Baid before, thero was not much temptn tion—no load was ever found." " I don't know that," obstinately asserted Tady, " I had ufool of a mate, or I believo wo were on tho right track. An , thin' I got the master's letter callin , mc homo to look afther Mr. Leonard here." "Ho means my father," explained the young gentleman. "You must know that Tady und I are foster brothers, and his jaunt out to tho digginge was an oscapado of which hia friends did not approve." " Well, I'm back again in spito of 'em," said Tady ; and now, Mr. Pollard, tell Mr. Loonard tho story—no one knows it better nor your stlf." " It wns'a sad story,".tho pleasant-looking, middle-aged gcnllemnn went on, as ho pushed tho wino toward lite new friend, young Leonard ; " and a great shock to mc personally was tho death of my friend, Colonel St. Hcrrick. It is about fifteen yoars ago now, I think, einco he first settled hero with a wife, as beautiful as an angel, and a son who died shortly after thoir arrival at Mar ranga. " Tho colonel had some independent means, and built the houso known yot as St. Iler rick's on tho ground ho purchased; but when, some-., years after, tho gqld fever.found its way to Marranga, ho was one of tho first who sunk a shaft and found, as ho considered, Buf iiuient indications of tho preciouu metal to induce further clTorts. I "For some time, however, ho could not i auccecdin inducing anyone to join him, the few residents boiog occupied in farming, or busi j nose ol one kind or other, and the place hav ing not yet become known sufficiently to en courage regular diggers. At last, however , , the Colonel came to mo ono day in great spirits with tho news that he had employed a man who had accidentally culled iv travelling toward tho Murray. " It was soma time, however, before St. Merrick told mo that he had been previously and unfavorably acquainted with Dan Lyons, and when tho facts came out and were made public thcro wero many who wondered that my friend would havo ventured on such a step as permitting tho man to work as hie partner, as-well as booomd an inmate of his home. The facta appeared to be that in Ireland, through the evidence of St, Herrickj Dan Lyons had been sentenced to ten years ponal servitude for shooting with intent At a land bailiff, whom he was obnoxious to, and that tho evidence was never forgivon, the murder of poor St. Herrick was ft proof." " It was Dun Lyons, then, who oomtnitted the fool dead ? " Leonard questioned. " Undoubtedly, though tho wretob. has es caped and imfliud justioe. It was Lyons him* self that goTo the alarm that No. 1 claim had fallen in. You remember that, Tady ? " " Ay coarse, I mind it well. Thero was a regular hnllabulleo whon ho kom to No. 2 acreeobin' that the claim w.is fell in r.n' that tho Colonel was below. Thero was only four shafts an' bolf of 'cm dasorted, and round about No. 1 was so druv wid drives that wa knew 'twas unsafe to stand anear where the great gap of ground fell in. The way 'twas done at last was by putting a drive in from No. ?!, an' it took us three days to do it." " Aye," responded Mr. Pollard, " three riblo days for the poor widow who would hope to the last, thongh wo all knew that tho Colonel must have perished for want of air shortly aftflr the ground fell in. Lyons pre tended to bo one of! tho most active workers, but he ivasljn reality retarding tho search, and he disappeared from the moment that St. Herrick's corpse w?3 seen with a note-book in ono stiffened hand and a pencil in the other." - " Tho poor fellow [had left evidence against his murderer ?" "Yes. In the few scrawled words written in darkness and in tho oppression of death, ho told how Lyons had cut away the prop* and told him of the revenge ho had planned— told him of it ero ho escaped himself, and while tho soil tvbs slowly settling down be tween him and his victim. There was no more but a blessing on bin wife aud hie un born babe." "Wo sr.v/ the little girl to-day," Leonard eaid, and ho related what had passed between ftesi?natioa and them. " Sho is a lovely he added, " bat looks very dulicato." "Sho has grown o\i ssith the very shadow of tho gravo on her," Mr. Pollard "returned. " Tho very nanio given her \va3 the last that should have been chosen, for hor mother has never been and never will be resigned. She nourishes a morbid idea that somehow and some day she will peo hor husband's mur derer brought to justice here on the spot where ho died, and the dead father is al mo?t tho fcnle subject of conversation batween her find her litUe girl." " Whore do ihuy iivo now? " Tady naked. " In a little houeo I had built for them after tbo Colonel's deuth. On his affeira being settled it wus found that there was but a fow hundreds left after tho house and land was paid oIT. St. llerrjcJ;s being pat in the market, 1 bought it myself, and offered to take Mrs. St. Herrick ns a tenant, but aho de clared it would be impassible to remain where aho had been so happy, and where every, thing would remind her of her dead husband, so I built the cottago where they now live; it ia on tho slope above tho old place, Tady; you will remember it ? " " Yes, sir, well." "The property has been a loss to mc," the good man continued, " for a story of its being haunted stood in tho way of its being occupied. Now, however, I have just eoourcd a tonant whoso profession ought to prevent any superstitious terrors from affecting him." " What is ho ?" " By his dress, I should say a momber of Eome religious order, and hia mother calls him " Father Ja.-nes." " lie has a family, than ?" " A mother aud sifter, and ono serving ninn, as far ao I could see. And now about yourselves." You really mean to attack tho old ground again, Tady?" " Wi' the help o' God. I'm as euro as I sit hero that there's lumps of cold in that gully, Mr. Pollard." " Well I hopo thero may bp, for your sake, and Mr. Leonard's too. Where are you noiu" to put up?" ? 'fa* "Attuo hotel, for tho present, Mr. Pol lard," replied Leonard. " I must have a look at theso wonderful claims before I daoido on entering on tho Hfo of a digger, for I must confesa that I don't at all ehaio Tady's cer tainty of a golden .claim." " Moro ehamo for you to say it," oried Tady, angrily, as ho got up from his Boat; " but if you're coinin', wo have no time to lose, Mr. Leonard.'' " We had proposed n visit to tho claims," young Proaser explained. " It is not a loug walk, I believe." " About half a mile only. Stay, Mr. Proa aer; if you have no objection, I will walk with you. Id is years since I saw tho place, which has, as you may suppose, sad reoollec tious for mc." It was a lovely spring afternoon; and as tho trio crossed Koban Creek and mountod the elope boyond, it was an almost simul taneous impulse thut slackened their steps to admire tho uoeue around them. Tho gliding waters of the creek, glistening among its fringes of eweet-sconted flowering wattlo; the etately Mount Koban, heaving up his hugo sidc?, laden with their wealth of forest, flushed in tho warm, bright sunbeams; tho sweep of fair pasture, dotted for miles with content sheop and cattlo, until lost in tho low lino of blue hills in the distance—all formed as aweet a landscape as Leouard Prosser had over gazed upon. "It is lovely," ho said, "and so different from what I fancied. My idea of Tady's dig gings was of something wild and rough, and not of n loveliness such as this." "luten minutoa you will see something more like what you oxpented, Mr. l'roesor," observed tho J.P. " The gully i 8 even wilder now than when you left it, Ta'dy. The ouvso of shed blood seems to be on its very grass." Turning to tho thoy passed tho over grown garden that turrounded the dwelling known us " St. Herrioks," and then entered a gully wild enough to fulfil M Leonard's dreams. It suunied to bo a cleft in tho hills down which tho dry ttaok of a winter torront, and up tho sloping i.idc-a of whioh strangling trees grow, aud wild foliage flourished rankly. Hero aud thero wera broad level spots that had been awept in winters gono by from the green hill sideu, and toward one of these level places tho steps of Mr. Pollnrd turned. A spot that looked weird enough to justify all thut Mr. Pollard had said of it, where tho grass vuinly struggled to hide tho sunken level and tho thrown up heaps that denoted tho place where they had dii? to recover tho body of n fouljy-murdered man. Hugo trees with out ouo sign of leafy verdure on thorn stretolwd thoir bare, bleiik, crooked limbs over it as if in warning and guard, and among thoscarrod, hard coil, whero no grass would grow, a few treacherous holes with lichens waving long tendrils down their cavernous doptha, denoted where the deserted shafts of the long 030 minero had been. ' : " Iβ this at all like what you expeoted, Mr. Leonard?" tho gentleman asked, as he paused on the edge of the sunken level. " II i 3 worso," almost whispered the young man, while Tady gazed around him with horror; " I scarcely wonder that men would be unwilling to work hero, even for gold. What do you cay, Tady ? " " I don't know what to say, sir; there's an awful change here sure enough, and they eny that a curae will always Hβ where a man has been killed. What happened the trees, Mr. Pollsrd?' They were fine box trees twelve years ago." "There was a bush fire the desolation, I beliovo, Tady. Can you point out your o!d oloim ? " "For sure, sir. The Colonel's No. 1 W:ia hero where tho ground's low, and our's was that ono beyant there, whero the green thing is swinging about." They advanced to [tho edge of Tady's old ehaft and looked dnwn into the darkness. Leonard lifted a etone and throw it down, and a* it splashed into hidden water the Irish man shuddered as if a cold wind had struck him. "I think your 'gold-digging at Miirrarga will never bo resumed, Tady," young Prosscr said. " Thore is water down there, and a flooded claim is no joke to tackle. At all events, I resign on the spot all interest in No. 2, it would seem to mc lilto digging in a grave." " The place of graves has not always beea I respected in tho search for gold in our new j land," Mr. Pollard, " but let ua go ; I 1 own I shall bo glad to get away from this : melancholy spot." "What was I sent hero for at all?" inur inorod the Irishman discontentedly. " Day nu' night I was droarain' of it for eleven year; warnins of all Borts, I had to come bjiak again to the ould place; what wfi3 it for i£ 'twas not for tho goold ? " " Maybe 'twiw to meet the priest, Tady," Leonard said smilingly. "Is this your new tenant approaohing, Mr. Pollard ? I should judge so from his dress." " Yes, it is Jib," replied Mr. Pollard, a3 ho paused to speak to tlio clergyman who wrh approaahing. Father James was a man so strange in form and movement as to draw tho eyes of both Loouerd and hie foster-brother closely upon him ; he was tall and gaunt in make, and his long, priflst-liko black coat hung so loosely around hira as to sagfjeet a decreases in bulk Binco it had been mode for him. Indeed,, the face, showing palely under the broad brim of the clerical hat that was drooped over it, was that of an invalid—the white, hollow, closo fihavod cheeka, tho great, sunken dark oyes, with tbe blue circles round them, suggesting a far from perfeot state of health, On meet ing him Tady, with thoueual respect o his countrymen for their clergy, mado hire a respectful reverence, that was acknowledged by a curt nod as tha stranger stopped to spsak tp his landlord. "A strauae looking man and a sickly ono, I should any," Leonard when they had separated by nomo Btep*. "Ho belongs to some foreign order I think—eh, Tady ? " " Aye, eh, the dress is different from our clergy? but what oyes he has—they eeenied to look right through mc, an' I declare it seems to mo aa if I'd seotn 'em before some whero.', ?' Maybo yon did, Tady. There wore two or thn.a continental priests at Corbally col lecting for some charity last oummer." " I was none of them, Mr. Leonard, for I never lost n mass while they were there, an' I seen 'em all." " I don't think you ever lost a mass if. you could help it, Tady. What will you do here ? I understand there is no chapel hero." " No 1" replied Tady viciously, "it'a mostly Protestants that oro at Marranga — this hathens; I beg your pardon, Mr. Leonard, I was fargellin' you wor one, but you must own that if there were as many Catholics about, the place wouldn't bo without a church or chapel. Well, I'm glad, anyhow, that there ia a priost. If hoe in orders 'twill be a great comfort to mc." They were now rejoined by Mr. Pollard, whoso pleasant countenance had n broad emilo on it aa they moved on, Tady falling, a 9 he always did, a little in the rear. " You havo heard something pleasant from our clerical friend ? " said Leonard. " I don't know that it was exactly tho agreeable nature of what Father Jamca told mo that tickled mc, but it was the idoa of Paddy's sensations when ho hears it. What do yon think the priest told mc, Tady ? " "He wouldn't tell you anything bad, any how," the Irishman replied atoutly. " Of course not, but something very unex pected. What do you think he is going to do, Mr. Prosser ?" "I cnn'fc guess." " He is going to open up the old ground we have ju?t been inspeoling. Ho is going over to see it now. He saya that he has a man with him who_ knows tho ground, and who has n great opinion of the prospects in No. 1 before it was abandoned, and he's going to take possession of that claim. What do you think of that, Teddy ? " " I'll tell you what I think ! " cried Connor, triumphantly. "I think that priest or no priest he won't get No. 2 olaim, for I'll go back and peg it out this mlnnit I By Jove, wo can Bet all the ghosts in the country at defiance now when there's a clergyman in the ground, an' wo'il take plinty ov gold back to ould Corbally yet afiher all, Mr. Leonard ! " CHAPTER 111. Leavim his companions suddenly, Tady Connor started back toward the gully they had just left, but long before he reached it he Eiuv tho tall, black figure of the priest stand near tho scattered spot which had been tho grave of Colonel St. Herrick, and it seemed to the Irishman that in spite of the pre3cnco of that old man, the gloom of the spot was deeper, and the gr.unt branches of tho dead treoa evon more threatening of aspeot than thoy had been a short hour previous; but he cast tho fancy from him with nn execration on his owa folly. " I was ever nn , always a fool with the superstition, an'l ninst have Buokud it wid mc molhor'e milk, for she was just as bad, I What'ud make tho plnco blacker beoause the father is there ? " and ho trod toward him with a step that mado tho dry stioke crack, and tho dead grass rustle. Tho clergyman heard the sounds and turnod slowly to meet, as ho doubtless expected, tho gentleman ho had so lately parted from, but a quick frown shaded tho whita face aa he drew the broad hat lower ovor it at sight of Tady Connor. " Mr. Pollard tould mo Unit ya wor goin' to take up ono of tho old claims, your roverenca, aud I camo bnok to tell yo that No. 2 h mine. You hoo I worked it long ago, and if. belongs of right to mc, plazo your ' reverence. " I am not in orders," waa tho reply, in a deep, hollow voice as if the words were spoken through clenched tcoth, "and claim no right as >\ clergyman. What i* that you are saying about theso claims? " _ " Mr , . Pollard ses you're goin'. to work 'em, sir, an' I am makin , it known to you thr.t 1 No. 'Jtfns my claim long ago." v " When ?" a?ked tho man wo know aa Father James. " Nearly twelve yoara ago, your reverence, before that murtherin' villain Dan Lyons killed the Colonel in thia claim—may tha curea of God rest on hisn now and for ever, amen 1" - Father James started back almost as if the impnlsive Irishman had struok or threatened_ him, and Tady'a rop?ntauco was quickly' evinced. " I beg yonr reverence's pardon, humbly," he said; "but when I think of the scoundrel I forget? myself. You havo heard about Colonel St. Horrick's bein' dag out dead here, Bir?" , ' " Yes, I havo heard the story. And you worked hero ?" "Yet , , sir, in No. 2—that ehaffc there; and I'll work in it again, please God, now thit your reverence is going to havo a htmd'in it." " I toll you, man, I am not in orderH, and I don't want any of your reverences," Father James repeated angrily, as.he Jturned his thin white face away from Tady. " Sorra one o' mo o.ires whether you are in orders or not, your reverence," reiterated Tady. "At all events, you wor onea, an'l know 3 my duty in respect to the clergy. Besides"—and the speaker dropped his voice and looked around him timorously—"it gives mc courage tv stand here anear a man thr.i has stood bafora tho altar."' ? " What do you mean ? What arp. you afraid of, you fool? Do you think that a dead man has power to harm, yon ?" " No, yonr reverence; but you know well that tho place where a soul has been parted from the body by foul murder is aconreed. Look round you, sir; the trees have withered here, and the grass won't grow. Thero iao't a bird ever sings in them dead branches, or a drop of rain ever falls to wet that hard-clay ; but I b'lieve in my heart that if the murderer was to como and put hie foot on that ground it would open and swallow him up." Involuntarily Father JAmort drew his foot back from tho spot whero it hnd rested on the sunken level, and on augry red burned in his hollow cheeks. " You are a fool, I told you that before." he said, " as i£ Nature's laws would permit of miracles; but I wish it was true. I wish that the grouoi would open at tho touch of Dan Lyons' foot, for 'twould savo me.a good deal of labor digging out all thi3 soil." " Does your reverence know where ha is ?'' added Tady, in_ open-mouthed wonder. "Knowl not I, of course not; but one fool makea many, and we are told to answer J a fool according to his folly." "Yea sir," Tady replied humbly, though he didn't at all understand what Father Jamea meant. "But will you please to tell j mc sir if it's true that your'goiug to open np No. 1 again? " . j "I am," was the short repjy; "I have j machinery coming up in a day or two, and a man that knows the ground to work it. Which shaft do you claim ? " "That one sir," and Tady pointed to the shaft down which tha long sprays of a creep- I ing plant -were lovelily swaying, " anil I'll ' peg it o\it new for safety sake."- -" Have you a miners' right ?" Father Jamos asked with a scowl. " Yes, sir, and ho has Mr. Leonard; we carno.a purpose to dig ' at Marranga." " Who is Mr. Leonard ? " ' " My master, your reverence; you saw him with Mr. Pollard a bit ago," and honest Tady launohcd into a volley of praises all devoted to Mr. Leonard. Very few were the words that the-priest said, but before he parted from tha voluble Irishman he knew all about his long ago ex periencaa at Marranga, and bis fester brother's wealth and position, while of him self or family Tady could not carry to the township one iota of intelligence. "A holy man," was Tady'a opinion, self expressed, as he walked to rejoin his joutig master, " and I think he has some vow on him, he 13 so qaiet and still." Aye 1 Father James had a vow on him, but it was one that Tady Connor would no more have dreamed of than ho would of robbing p. sacristy! . Lst us follow the clergyman and see what wan his opinion of tue garruloue Irishman. At tbo weather-stained Gate that opened to the overgrown gardnns of St. Ilerriok's, he paused for a little to look down upon the township that was plainly vieible from where ho stood, but had any one been there to watch that pallid countenance they must have recognised the fact that 1113 thoughts were not on the white houses by the roadside, or tho painted bridge over the creek, near which the V.B. on the board at the white police station was plainly visible. In tho deep set eyes a lurid lire burned. The long finders with which he clutched the top bar of tha Katu seemed to hold it with a grip of iron, rigid as the set teeth and compressed lips of the man. A stop came down the garden walk, but he did not hear it, for ho started when a hand was laid on his arm. "Has anything gone wrong, brother?" was tho question that ho heard, and saw re peated in the dark face and tho keen eyes bent co near his own. "No—ye 3," was tho oontradiotory reply. I havo been down at the old place." ? ! "At the claims ?" " Yes." " And it ha 3 upaet you. I thought you were of different etuff, brother." " It was not altogether that, but I mot a man thoro whose presence may be of evil in fluence for us. Do you remember a little Irishman named Tady Connor working in the Gully twelve years ago ? " " Aye, do I; he was in No 2." "Well, ho has come back all tho way from Ireland to try that claim again, and I am afraid of him." "Why ? Do you remombor him ? Does he know you ? " " Brother, you havo forgotten that Dan Lyons ib dead; how should I, who havo novor oeen Marranga before, know this man, or ho mc ?" "I Btaud corrected," the man who called lather James " brother " said; " yet there are sometimes fancied resemblances." " Yes," interrupted tho priest, " and I think this Connor saw something in my face that rominded him of the past. I hope it ia not so, but the idea troubled mo." The brother looked long and steadily into Father James' face, and then he aaid with decision— " There is net the most distant family ro semblanco ; there ia not a line, or a feature, or an expression like Dan Lyons." "That is well. Cornelius, what sort of man was thie Connor in thosa days? Dan Lyons, I think, knew very little about him." " Connor was a fool; an ignorant, preju diced, couceitod fool, who would belicvo any thing you told him, but was very religious in his way. Curao these religious people—they do rnoro mischief than a host of devils t How did he treat you?" " With the greatest respoot—with exagge rated reverence, in faot." " As a clergyman, of coursa " " Yes." . ? " Oh, thon it is all right; in that character you enn twist Tady Connor ? round your finger." " I saw another old acquaintance of Dan's." "Who?" . . ?. "John Pollard." : ' ! " Ah I did he soo any family likeness ?" " No, I am sure he did not. I told him of our, intention to re- open tho claim." " That's right; and you told him also that you had one of tho old men who understood tho ground ?" " I did." " Then everything is going on right; and now I think you had hotter go in to (ha mother ? she' 3 been awfully|roitloa3 airico you wont out." ' Father James "looked toward tho west, where in a gorgeous robe of red and purple and gold tho sun was saying farewell to Marranga, and a strong him from head to foot. " Will you never get over it, brother ?" Cornelius asked, with an almost womanly tenderness; " and you so strong-minded in every other way. You are ready to (ace the retribution we are working for at any day and any hour, yet you shudder at a phantom of your own fancy." "It is 7io fanoy, Cornelius; lam ready for tho living, but not for tho dead. Fancy 1 Is that fancy ? Are these fancy 1" and he held out his emaciated, trembling wrists. "No, but you are killing yourself by trying to fortify yourself for the imaginary horrors Of the night; the spirits you drink would kill the strongest man alivo." "It does not kill mc, I should die without it." ? ' He turned toward the house, half hidden by the trees, as ho was speakiog, and walked toward it, a tall unbending form that seemed shadowy enough to belong to some other world, yet had hidden boneath the Hack robe all the horrors that the crimed of earth could concentrate into onq deed. Tho house known as St. llerricK'3 was a low- roofed building o£ small accommodation, and it;s dark stone walls were so covered with ivy, that only here and there where the gleam of small vfiisdows made themselves known, could the material of which it was built be identified. It had rnoni than the gloomy look, too, of a house untenanted for long years, especially at sunset, when the tall eypreas-like trees cast their long shadows across the threshold. Standing on the threshold as the brothers approached it, was nn indolent-looking yonng I'irl or low sttvtureaud a heavy build. livory feature In her faec wae heavy, from tho nnub nose and the slow, dark eyes, to the thick fringe of black hair cut straight across her low flat forehead. She had a snlky look, too, an sho stood there watching her brothers' ap proach listlessly, and her ungainly figure was so bedizened with soiled finery, in the shape 61 lace and ribbous that, the befringed and ba floanced black dress looked shabbier than even it was under the contrast. " It isn't bad enough to to bo in a gaol like this, but we must be starved waiting for our Bupptr," she said, sullenly, as Father James passed her, and went inside, but Cornelius only laughed ia her face as he chucked her fat, heavily moulded chin. "A pretty girl like you, Nora, wont be in gaol, as you call it, long. You'll be having no end of sweethearts about you whoa the Marranga boys begin to find you out." " I don't think there's any boys abont," she said, T.-ith ft pout of her thick lips. " That's whero you're wrong, Nora ; there wae one asking about you to-day." "Now you're up to some of your larks, Oorney," she said, doubtingly ; but her eyes, sparkled, and her brother saw it. " Faith I'm not. Ob, honor bright; Nora, he saw you through the trees, and he's bound to make your acquaintance." " Who ia he 1 " the girl asked eagerly. " His name is Tady Connor." : " Tady Connor," she repeated thoughtfully; and little guessed Cornelius Brady, as he called himself, what a bomb of destruction ho had thrown under his own roof when ho mentioned the name of Tady Connor to his sister Nora. In tho kitchen of St. Herricka, which, it would seem, was used as a common room by tho Brady family, a smoking supper was aproad upon tho table, at which a woman oi some sixty years wa3 standing whGn Father James entered. She was a tall, thin woman, with Btroog hand:? and wiry arms—tho hands and arms of a woman who had worked hard all her life, and was dressed in the homely fashion of an Irish farmer's wife. Her grey hair was drawn up from her low forehead under a white muslin oap, her dress wa3 pinned up over a blue woollen petticoat, and a cheoked apron wa3 spread over all the front of her skirts. A amall shawl covered her shoulders, and was crossed on her breast, and if a person had cursorily glanced at Mra. Brady they most have sot her down as an activo, bustling woman, and a notable house wife. ?'?.- -(7l> be continued.') ??? ? ? ? . 