OUT OF EDEN. A NOVEL. By DOEA RUSSELL, Author ol 'The Vicar's Governess,' ' Footprints Id the Snow,' ?' Cicesns's Widow,' dec. ChapiekXXXV.— An Invuatiox. Christmas came and went, and then the heavily laden old year died out, and the new untried one dawned. At Weirmere Hall these days were spent as most of us spend them. They muBt bring solemn thoughts to all bat the most thoughtless. Another year of our alloted space gone, and what have we done with it? ID, or good— we may besureoneor the other weighed heaviest in the balance. To the Blunts at Weirmere the past year had brought great changes. The old mistress had passed away ; her erect familiar form but a memory, and then the strangest change of all — the dishonored dead recalled from her forgotten city grave to have her pale ghost crowned with honor. The late Sir Henry's first wife, the once beautiful Mary Fletcher, was cow recognised as Lady Blunt, the mother of the present owner sf the estates, Sir Bobert Blunt, and the well- born scattered around Weirmere had begun to consider the propriety of receiving the new man (Sir Robert) into their stately circles. Perhaps ten mileB distant from Weirmere lived the greatest magnate of the county, Lord Moreland. He had married a duke's daughter, a plain but pleasant woman, and in wealth, birth, and positionhad held thehighest place. When, therefore, Lord Moreland's coronetted carriage was one day, just about Christmas time, seen leaving tbe gates of Weirmere with the ladies inside, it was felt by the neighbors, who had loDg known Bobert, that he had indeed risen above them in the social scale, and that the pleasant days of their intimacy were probably very near at a close. We are commanded not to ' mind men of high estate;' yet no command by people of virtue is so entirely disregarded. The Bo hemians (literary especially) are supposed to look with proud disdain at the ermined head gear, bat, behold, when Lord So-and-so stretches out his hand, dost the veriest Bohemian amongst us refuse to take it, or decline to sit at the lordly table ? Do we not rather mention mildly in conversation that we dined with Lord So-and-so on such a day. and had a very good dinner, though perhaps in reality it was only an indifferent one? We laugh at ourselves, but we do it, and we also tell ourselves with some truth that the high-born and well-bred are very plea sant company, and that their knowledge flowi glibly from their polished tongues, and that they nave not a certain trying way of reminding na of our little shortcomings {monetary or .otherwise) which i« not ua common among us humbler people. Be this as it may, this visit of Lady More land and her daughter to Mary and Robert Blunt at Weirmere created quite a sensa tion among their old neighbors. Mr, Thirl well was walking along the road with a plalster in his coat pocket, and a box of pills or two, and his heart full of warm and tender -aspirations. He paused, he gazed at Weir mere Hall, where 'dwelt the lady of his love;' but as he gazed down the steep green bill in front rolled the well-appointed car ru»gefrom Wenman Castle, LordMoreland's place, for Mr. ThirlweU knew it well, being an tbe habit of occariooally attending the servants. He opened bis eyes wide, and then he felt a sudden coldness creep over him ? ' a dampnesv,' he afterwards declared. He' was so overcome by the sight that he sat down on » gate near, balancing himself with some difficulty, and apostrophised cruel fortune. 'She is passing away from me,' he Mid' ' the chariot wheels of jon bloated aristocrats tell me eo — this lovely woman — and I hear Bobert has settled fifteen thousand pounds en her, and she might have been mine bat for fate! What is fate? A whirligig, for it turns us all round.' Me Thirlwell's patients were waiting (or their ptaisters and their pills : tbe world had to go on, Mr. Thirl well felt, though his heart might be seared or broken. He was damp, he was chQl ; he felt a drop of Whisky would revive him, and so his heavy footstep* strayed in the direction of the 'Welcome, Bose,' where so often before he had Blacked his thirst. His old friend, the comely nymph of the bar, received him with pleasure though with a certain reserve of manner, as Mr. Thirwell had been quite a stranger of late. ' Oh, you are alive f she said. 'I am, my dear, but dissolution is imminent unless you give me a drop to drink,' he answered. 'Give me of your best,' he added, 'for I feel,' and he struck bis waist ccat in front, ' as if everything were too much for me,' As he sipped his whisky he felt a little better; after all what were earls and coun tesses but men and women ? They had their aches and pains too, Mr. Thirlwell thought with grim satisfaction. Mary might be above their venal attentions; he had loved her when she was poor and unknown ; perhaps the might love him now if he spoke up like a man, though her circumstances had so greatly changed. By the time he had finished his whisky, he determined to speak up like a man. But the whisky that gave him courage also loosened his tongue. 'Oar frieeds at the hall,' he said to the barmaid, 'have had some swells visiting them to-day. I met the Wenman carriage leaving the grounds, and the Countess was ineide. Such is life 1' he continued theatri cal)}' ; ''the truth in masquerade, as Don Juan has it. Ton don't know who Juan was, my dear? Well, he was a naughty young mas, who would have come and drunk whitfey I am sure from your fair hands, if he had lived in these parts, and he called 'a lie the truth in masquerade,' and what is life but a cheat and a lie V ' Sear me, doctor, you are that bitter 2' said the barmaid, with a sigh. 'Am I?' said Mr. ThirlweU, not dis pleased. ' Tis life has made me so, then. I am thinking of Wenman carriage. For years Bobert Fletcher and bis wife lived here. Did the Wenmam carriage ever roll its stately proportions to their door before? No, my dear, it rolls not to see them, but the possessors of property ; it would have rolled to see poor Harry and Flo Chester if they bed been the possessors— they are not, so they hesr not the sound of the chariots I' ' Why you are quite poetical, doctor V ' I have a vein,' said Thirl well, ' it runs in me, and sometimes, as on this eccasion, my dear, it breaks forth. But as a rule I'm prose ; pills are prose, planters are prose ; and that reminds me that my patients are waiting, and so I must be off— but do not forget me, I will return.' The pretty barmaid neither forgot tbe doctor nor his news. She told all her cus tomers one after the other that the Countess of Moreland had been to call on. Miss Blunt. 'JVJiea Fletcher that was, you know,' she Eaid, and all her customers went home and told their wives and families. Mr. ThirlweU also went home and told Mrs. Humphrey and Miss Tomkins, and Mrs. Humphrey ana Miss Tomkins turned absolutely pale. ' If s like a dream,' said gentle Sister Ann, 'It takes away my breath,' aaid Mrs, Humphrey. ' Well may people say money is everything — for years I have been here — our father waB a post captain in the royal navy, and mother was a Luudowne.' ' Connected with the Linsdownes, dear,' gently corrected Sister Ann. 'Connected with the Lansdownes,' con tinued Mrc Humphrey, injured by her sister's nterruption, ' but Lady Moreland has never called on me. I have felt it; I own I have telt it, and now to hear this.' ' Well, dear, it's very well we called,' aaid Sister Ann, 'since evidently all the great people are going to take her up ; and indeed she's a sweet young woman, and ner face is as fresh as a flower.' While their old neighbors were all thus talk ing of them Bobert and Alary lived on happily unconscious of the gossip. Bobort had re tutned from town, looking anything but im proved from his visit, He was graver, and Mary bad never seen him so silent and re served. 'And how is Florence?' she asked. ' She seemed very well,' he answered, and that was all ; but Mary noticed that his first question was after the welfare of the poor little maimed dog Florence had confided to his care. Mary was naturally delighted with the btautirul gifts he had brought her. 'You extravagant boy !' she aaid ; ' fancy me in such fine things.' Hubert laughed good-naturedly, but it was cot the old, hearty laugh Mary had loved to tiitr. Vet as Christmas Day approached he proposed tbat they should invite Arthur Humphrey, hia moiher, and aunt to dine with tLtir. 'It's too scon after poor Lady Blunt's dca'h to have any party,' he said, 'but it wculd be dreary just us two dining alone together on Christmas Day, so wiiljou go up Slollj andaek the doctor and bis people ?' Tbemuch talked of visit of Lady Moreland happened two days before Mary went up to Lansdowne Lodge to invite their proposed guests, and had the old ladies been invited to heaven they could not have received the in vitation and accepted it with greater grati fication, 'It's so good of you twittered Sister Ann, thinking anxiously of her dress ; ' so you had some great people visiting you the other day we hear— Lady Moreland?' ' Lord Moreland has known my brother slightly for some time in business,' answered Mary, calmly. ' I suppose that is the reason she called.' 'It is very gratifying,' said Mrs. Hnmnhrev- still feelinc verv sore that she had not been gratified after the same fash, ton. Mary only smiled ; she knew very well that the old ladies thought a great deal more of her because Lady Moreland'.had called upon her, and she was not sorry that Arthur Humphrey's mother and aunt should think well of her. But Mary was too proud her self to care to be taken up by a great lady. ' Pride is my besetting sin, I am afraid,' she told Arthur Humphrey one day. ' It's a very bad one,' he answered, smiling a little grimly, for he also suffered from this infirmity. But his pride and his mother's were very different ; he was too wise a man to care whether Lady Moreland or any other lady of her rank called upon his mother, knowing very well tbat they would only call as an act of con descension, and that the social distance between a countess and a doctor's mother was too wide to be crossed with any plea sure, either by the great lady or the doctor's mother. However, to go back to Mary and the old ladies, the upshot of her visit was that they agreed to dine as Weirmere Hall on Christ mas Day. ' There is no party, remember,' said Mary. ' Bobert would have no party so soon after poor Lady Slant's death ; bat he will be very pleated indeed to see you and— his friend, Dr. Arthur.' Mary had scarcely left the house, amid profusions of compliments from Mrs. Hum phrey and Sister Ann, when she encountered Air. Thirlwell returning to it. She stopped with a smile and held out her band, and the poor young, man, almost overcome with emotion, put his red glovelest hand into hers. 'I hope you are very well?' said Mary, good- naturedly. ' As well as can be expected,' blurted out poor Thirlwell, blushing until his warmly colored hair and whiskers, looked quite pale and cold in contrast to his burning s&in.; 'And how axe you? But I need not ask you; you only get more charming.' 'Thank you,' said Mary, smiling. 'I have just been calling at your place,' she continued ; ' Bobert wants Mrs. Humphrey, and Miss Tomkins and the doctor to dine with us on Christmas Day ; and by-the-bye, Mr. Thirlwell, are you engaged for that day, because if you are not, of course, you must not dine alone, as they are all coming ; you must dine with us, too ?' Mr. Thirlwell was almost too delighted to speak. He tore his hat off again with hia red hand, and made his best bow. ' 1 don't know how to thank you for your kindness,' he stammered out. ' I kno w our spheres are changed, Miss Mary ; you have gone up, I have stuck. That is the truth, but that does not change my 'art, my 'art can't change; spheres may change, but spheres are not 'arts— spheres are only the outward clothing as it were— the * guinea's stamp, the man's the gold for a' that ! ' 'Kay, Mr. ThirlweU,' laughed Mary. 'If you take to quoting poetry ? ' 'You inspire me, Miss Mary. Beauty alwai s inspires me. I am nothing, that is to speak of, but I'm a man. A poor one I ad mit-. My prospects are only so, so ; bat what are prospects in comparison to ? ' And Mr. Thirlwell came to a sudden pause. 'Well, I must say good-bye,' said Mary, ' If you have no other engagement I am sure my brother will be pleased to see you on Christmas Day ?' And Mary nodded good naturedly and walked on, leaving Mr. Thirl well torn between hope and fear. 'Did I say too much?' he reflected. 'I certainly hinted — yes, I hinted ; was my hint too strong ? However,' and he pulled him self together and held his head high, 'she has asked me for Christmas and I will go. I will get a new suit — a waistcoat, at any rate, for the old one pinches a bit— and Hi show '«m.' Armed with this manly resolution he walked into the house determined to let its inhabitants see he was some one. He went down to dinner with his reddish hair brushed and oiled into mahogany darkness. He was affable ; be smiled on Mies Ann, and asked the old lady -paironisingly if the had been out for a walk, 'No,' replied Miss Ann; we have had a visitor here, Mr. ThirlweU— a lady you admire very much.' 'I admire aU ladies, Miss Tomkins,' replied tbe aspiring young doctor. 'But this was an especial lady— Miss Mary Blunt. I know yea think her very hand some':' 'I do,' answered Thirlwell, looking con templatively at his empty wine glass. ' She came to invite us to dine at Weir mere Hall on Christmas Day,' said Mrs. Humphrey, from the head of the table, with some pride ; ' it will remind me of the old times, when poor Lady Blunt was alive.' 'I also have had the honor of an invita tion,' said Thirlwell, still looking at his wine glees. *' You !' said Mrs. Humphrey, forgetting her good breeding in her utter astonishment. 'Yes, Mrs. Humphrey, /,' said Thirl well, with bitter emphasis. *'Is there any thine very surprising in the circumstance, m»y I ask?' 'I am astonished certainly,' said Mm. Humphrey, ' extremely astonished.' Their tones now caught Dr. Arthur's ears, who, in truth, had not been attending to what they were aajiog. He looked up; looked front one to tbe other. ' What is it aU abont?' he asked. 'Your mother, sir, Mrs. Humphrey, sir,' answered ThirlweU in a rage, 'seems to think it impossible that I, too, can be asked to dine with Ait Bobert and Miss Blunt on Christmas Day ! But I am asked, sir, and I am goiog, sir. Is there anything in my posi tion to prevent my going, sir, which Mra. Humphrey seems to think ?' Dr. Arthur shrugged his shoulders, ' Certainly not,' ne said, 'you were very attentive to Sir Bobert during his illness ; you are asked, no doubt, for the same reason that I am asked— as his doctor.' 'Really, Arthnr,' said Mrs Humphrey, very indignantly, tossing her white head. ' What nonsense, mother, why should not Mr. Thirl well be asked ?' said her son, and so the old lady was Bilent, and the subject was dropped, but it did not drop out of Mr. Thirl well's mind. He walked that very nfeht into Ooistan to order his waistcoat 'I'll show 'em,' he repeated to himself many a time as he straggled through the mud on his long and toileome way. And he did order hia waist coat, and he ordered gloves and a tie and a pair of glossy leather boots, and after that he felt a man could do no more. He must leave the rest to nature, to the straight features, fresh color, and blue eyes on which he prided himself. But the invitation which Mary had so innocently and good- naturedly given him destroyed all poor Mrs. Humphrey's pleasure at the idea of going. 'If I had thought, sister, she would ask him I wculd have declined her invitation,' the told Sister *™ ; ' I'm a little too good to be asked to meet him I think at any rate.' ' I dare say she just did it out of kind ness,' said Sister Ann, soothingly ; 'you see, as Arthur said, he was very attentive to Sir Bobert during his illness.' ' The idea has destroyed all my pleasure,' replied Mrs. Humphrey. 'I do not think I will go.' Nevertheless she did go, and when on Christmas Eve Mary said almost timidly to Dr. Arthur, who happened to be with Bobert out shooting, 'Do you think I might send the carriage for your mother and aunt to morrow?' Dr. Arthur put up his hands with a comical Emile. ' Please don't think of such a thing !' he said; 'a carriage and pair, with outriders, 4c, is already ordered to convey them here in state. But jesting apart,' he continued, ' my mother has really ordered a carriage from the White Hart, at Oniston, for the occasion ; and when I mildly suggested that I thought a cah would do, as you and Sir Bobert here weie well aware of the exact extent of our vehicular condition, I got snubbed for my pains, and told not to be low and vulgar.' Ma-ry laughed. 'Poor mother!' continued Dr. Arthur, ' Bhe makes small things into large ones, and cares more for what things appear than what they are.' ' She is old, yon see,' said Mary, gently. 'Like her son. Well, if s very good of you to ask her. By-the-bye you've asked Thirl weU too, haven't you f ' Yes, I met him just as I came ont of your house, and I thought it would be kind to ask him, as you were all coming. ' Don't turn his head. Mind if s not very straight set on his shoulders as it is.' 'So, how absurd he is!' laughed Mary, thinking of her last conversation with him, and little knowing the 'exertions poor Thirl well had made to improve his garments for her E&ke.; Chapteb. XXXVL— Stjbscrtpticw Lists. Mary looked very fair on the following evening when she stood in the hall amid tbe dark oak carvings and the holly to receive her guests. She had spent the morning with Appleby putting up the holly, and tho place had a bright and festive look that well suited the beautiful girl-mistress, who stood there dressed in dark green velvet, and with the gold necklace and earrings, set with little diamond stars, that Bobert had given her. A great fire was burning in the hall, and the flickering flame-light lit up the scene and fell on the massive oak carvings, on the old armcr, and trophies of the chase that had hong there so long, and fell on the handsome brother and sister who stood side by side, and who had gone into the hall to welcome their guests as they arrived. This extra piece of hospitality adopted in honor of the Chrisimsstide proved very trying to Mr. Thirlwell. He had walked all the way from Lansdowne Lodge, for Mrs. Humphrey had not had the grace to offer him a seat in the carriage, and Dr. Arthur hid forgotten, or perhaps not chosen to do so, and so the unfortunate young man had to walk, and it was muddy and he had splashed his dress trousers, and he had goloshes on, which he had of course reckoned on taking off pri vately, and here he was ushered at once among the assembled company, goloshes, muddy trousers and all. He blcshed ; he stammered. What could he do ? There was old Mrs. Humphrey look ing at him satirically (he saw that) ; here was Mary looking like a queen ! But Mary her self came quickiy to hia assistance; she whispered a word in Appleby's ear, and Appleby advanced wich an air of mild con descension. ' Perhaps, sir, you would like to go into a bedroom?' and poor ThirlweU was only too giad to accept the offer. 'He was not in his place, air,' Appleby afterwards remarked to one of the footmen. 'Miss Blunt should not have done it. It's not for the like of him to be waited on by tho like of us.' However, the muddy trousers were brushed, and the goloshes taken off, and Mr. ThirlweU felt a happier mai. But it was only com parative happiness. This dinner to which he had been so proud to be invited was from be ginning to end most trying to poor Thirlwell. Bobert naturally talked to Mrs. Humphrey, who sat by his side, and Mary to Dr. Arthur, who had taken her in to dinner. Kind Aunt Ann would have liked to have entered into a little mild conversation with the blushing youcg doctor, but she was afraid of her sister's disapproving eye, whom she knew so highly objected to Mr. Thirlwell being there at ad. Mr. Thirlwell therefore felt un comfortable, and when they aU returned to the drawirjg-room he subsided into the photo graph book. He knew he would have been much happier at the ' Welcome Bose,' flirt ing with the pretty barmaid and misquoting Byron to her admiring ears. But we must pay for pride, and presently Mary came and talked to him, but still he was not at his ease. He could not pay her compliments and tell her she was beautiful with the dark satirical eje ot Dr. Arthur smiling upon him. He could not forget that passage of arms with the old lady and be very happy while she was in the room. Mrs. Humphrey, wbitehaired and aristocratic, in her black velvet and old lace, awed him in spite of him self. He breathed more freely when it was all over and the happy fact remained to be boasted of among his friends. He had dined with Sir Bobert and Bliss Blunt on Christmas Day; 'a swellish sort Of dinner I can tell you,' he remarked In his old easy way on the following night at the ' Welcome Bose ;' ' they know how to do the correct thing; sweet girL Miss Blunt, no pride and nonsense about her; yes, I spent a very pleasant evening. We were only a small party on account of poor Lady Blunt's de mise ; all friends yon know, and very jolly among ourselves.' The pretty barmaid might believe all this, and think more highly of Mr. Thirlwell in consequence, but Mr. Thirlwell himself felt that the evening might do well to talk about, but not to repeat. So when Mrs. Humphrey decided to invite Sir Bobert and Mary to a return dinner on New Year's Day, and felt constrained to mention this fact to Mr. Thirlwell as an inmate of the house, and to invite him to join them, Mr. ThirlweU asked to be excused on the score that he would like to 'look up' his own people in Scotland dnrJDg the holiday time. We may be sure Mrs, Humphrey was only too much d6Ughtedatthe proposition. She wanted his place at the table for one thing; for another she wanted him out of the house. This was an unusual affair, and Mrs, Humphrey meant to .do the thing in style. She was a great supporter of church and state ; she could not support the state on the occasion, but she was determined to patroDif e the church. She did this by in viting the Bev. Mathew Newcpmbe and his wife to her dinner party. The Bev. Mathew had succeeded her own husband in his incumbency and he had not made any particular mark since he had dene to. He was colorless and pompous, and hia wife was pompous and colorless. Yet they were both so evidently perfectly satisfied with themselves that we must suppose they had some unseen excellence to coupon. Mr. and Mrs. Newcombe were pleased to be asked to meet Sir Bobert Blunt and his sitter. They too had heard that the great lady ot the neighborhood, on wbom they were dependent for flannels and coals about this time of the year, had called on Miss Blunt, and that, of course, had settled her social status at once. They also, immediately called, anxious not to be long behind my lady, and when Bobert and Alary entered Mrs. Humphrey's drawing room on New Year's Day the Bev, Mrtthew at once held out a flabby, fat hand. 'Glad to make your acquaintance, Sir Robert,' he said. 'I caUed the other after noon ; you were unfortunately from home ; I sbaU give myself the pleasure of calling again as, ah ! of course, you will like to be made acquainted with the condition — spiritual and otherwise— of the poor on your — extensive property. Bobert merely said. 'IwiUbegladtoseeyou, He objected to the Bev. Mathew ; the Bev. Mathew had up to this period never taken the slightest notice of himself or his sister, though Mary had been a pretty regular attendant at church, i&obert; naturally thought he ought to have called on them before, as though their social .position was changed, their spiritual condition might be supposed not to be so. He, therefore, did not respond very warmly to the Bev Mathew's advances. BattheBsv. Mathew was not thin-skinned ; he wanted Sir Bobert Blunfs subscriptions, &c;, he was not going to be chflled by a little cool ness. Bobert was quite civil to him, for he did not wish to make Mrs. Humphrey and his friend Dr. Arthur uncomfortable by being anything else, but he was no more than civil. Still before the evening was over, the Bev. Mathew again fattened on him, and pressed him to name a day when it would be convenient for the Bev. Mathew to caU. ' Shall I do myself the pleasure to-morrow at twelve?' inquired the persistent parson. 'Very well,* laughed Bobert, but he did not really mean to see Mr. Newcombe. ' Mary, my dear,' he said the next morn ing, ' I am going to do a horribly selfish thing— at least to ask you to be very unselfish. Will you see the parson for me to day ?' ' Ycb, if you like,' said Mary, with a little shrug. 'I'll tell you why; I'm not going to be badgered into giving money where I do not chooBe to give it, and, of course, he is coming to aek for subscriptions to this or that. I'll leave ten pounds with you for the poor people to give to him as a new year's present, and I'll give the rest of what I intend to spend to you to give away. By-the-bye I would like yon to give five pounds to that unfortunate Mrs. Moony.' ' Mrs. Moony !' interrupted Mary and she gave a visible start, and grew a little pale ; so much so that Bobert noticed it 'Why you silly child,' he said, 'are you thinking of my fever? Well, never mind Molly, if you like PU make it ten pounds as a thank offering, poor soul J I dare says she needs it all, with that host of children ; but they tell me you are quite a Lady Bountiful to the poor woman.' A most grave and distressed expression passed over Mary's face. ' She iB very Ul, Bobert,' she said, slowly, and as if she were thinking painfully. ' I — I — asked Dr. Arthur about her, and he says she cannot live long.' ' Why, what's the matter 1 Not the dregs Of the fever ?' ' No, she has a fatal internal illness. He eaid she could not live.' 'I'm very sorry. See she has everything, Molly — wine, and whatever she wants, you know. And give her the ten pounds, my dear, as my new y eara's gift. I may be mean to the Bev. Mathew, but I don't want to be mean to our own poor people.' ' You are never mean, Bobert/' said Mary, but stiU her face wore that anxious and dis tressed expression which it had assumed on the mention of Mrs. Moony'a name. She had gone down daring the Christmas week to see her, and she had taken the chil dren toys and good things, and she had spoken such words of comfort as she could think of to the sick and miserable mother. 'You know He died for us,' she said, gently; 'for the greatest of sinners— you must pray to God, and He will give you peace.' 'Ob, Miss! when you are here I don't seem to be afraid, somehow,' answered the poor womrn with a moan, 'it seems like a blessing when you come in at the door, but when the night comes I'm that terrified, only the poor children and— and— what— I cannot get rid on,' 'Would you like Mrs, Draper to come?' said Mary. ' WeU, it wouldn't be so lonesome, Miss. Mary had therefore requested Mrs. Draper to return once more to nurse tPra. Moony. Mrs. Draper gave a heavy sigh on receiving this intimatiOD, but made her preparations, though dolefully. ' 1 thought this wouldn't list,' she said, looking mournfully round the comfortable little kitchen of the cottage by the lake, of which Mary had left her for a time in charge; 'such blessings as a clean bed, no pinch of coals, and a full inside, were sure to go ! Just when I've got used to them they've took themselves wings — well, I expected it — it's not for the like of me to live at ease.' ' Well, you'll have plenty to eat and drink, at any rate, down at Mrs. Moony's,' aaid Margaret, Mary's maid. ' Miss Mary will see to that.' 'I'm not a great eater,' sighed Mrs. Draper, 'and these are such pleasant rooms, so quiet, just the place for a good cry, but with the chUder, poor dears, a tumbling over each other and you, down at Mrs, Mood j '« there's no peace— but tell Miss Mary Ml go.' And she accordingly did go, conveying her. self, rusty black gown, rusty black bonnet, and rustj black bag do wn to Mrs. Moony'a on thef oUowingmorning; and she, was living there when Bobert gave Mary the money to give to Mr?. Moony. After Bobert left her Mary began pacing up and down the room, with the ten sovereigns still in her hand. She had tried to forget Mis. Moony as much a possible during the last few days. She had, as we have seen, pro vided a nurse for her, and Mrs. Draper had orders to come up to the Hall for whatever she wanted. And it seemed so strange that Bobert should have remembered this woman, and that he Bhouldhave especially named her. It was like fate thought Mary— the unseen current rushing ever swiftly on. How would it end, this wierd dark secret, which haunted her like a nightmare, and cast a shadow over the brightness of her present life. But her thoughts were interrupted by the arrival of the Bev. Mathew Newcombe, who looked exceedingly displeased when he heard that Sir Bobert was not at home. ' I thought that it was an appointment that your brother had arranged with me?' he said, in pompous accents, his fishy eyes fixed un comfortably on Mary's face. 'My brother was obliged to go to Oniston on business,' repUed Mary ; but he left ten pounds with me, Mr, Newcombe, to give to you for the poor.' The sop soothed the irate parson, 'Pray teU Sir Bobert I thank him in the name of my poor,' he said, pocketing the ten sovereigns ; ' I wished to see him though, Miss Blunt ; I wish to walk hand-in-hand with him, as it were, into m&ny; good works ; I wish my wife also to walk hand-in-haud with sou. My wife sent her compliments, and will be pleased if you will join her homely circle on Tuesday afternoon at 4 o'clock? The question to be discussed is, Pbelieve, the quality of the flannel to be purchased for the lower garments of our poor pensioners. My wife thinks a thinner quality would do, and tbe money thus saved can be bestowed on our wide mission field. Will you come and give us your valuable opinion ?'' 'I am atraidlamnojudge/'laughedMary. 'My dear young lady you are young, and, permit me to say, beantiful ; you have been greatly blessed ; I know you will help me to bestow blessings, We have various funds, Miss Blunt, to which our dear departed friend, Lady Blunt, was always a liberal sub scriber. You now stand in the place of Lady Blunt, and I ask help of you./ Mary drew out her purse, musing sadly on the wisdom of Bobert, and the parson drew out his subscription lists, to which Mary felt herself constrained to subscribe. 'And you wiU join us on Tuesday to dis cuss the flannel question?' said the Bev. Mathew, now with quite a beamiog and paternal look, as he gathered together hia papers and his pounds, 'By-the-bye, my dear yonng lady, abont the woman Moony? I'm told, a Uttle bird whispered in my ear, that Mits Blunt'a kindness to this person Is bcundleaa— absolutely boundless. How, may I, as your clergyman, give you a little ad vice ? .Never be too generous in one particular case among the poor. This woman is not a cburchwornan ; her husband bore an indif ferent character, and died, I believe, penni lees. Altogether, they are disreputable, and jet—' 'Mr. Hewcombe,' interrupted Mary, with some sharpness, ' I was with Mrs. Moony during her illness. I am eapesially interested in her, and anything I can do for her I mean to continue to da' ' My dear young Udy, do not be offended ; do not for a moment suppose I wish to stem the warm gush of charity in your tender heart ; I only wish to direct it into proper channels.' But there was something In Mary's face which made him pause, and so, after pressing her hand, he took up his hat and went away, and he was scarcely gone when Bobert re appeared. ?? Oh ! Robert,' said Mary, ' have you not really been at Onioton ? What a lib I have told, then !' 'I have been in the stables,' answered Bobert, laugfaiog; '1 saw him arrive juss when I was going to start for Oniston, so I preferred to remain in the stables until he was gone. WeU, how much hat it cost yon ?' Mary held up her empty purse. 'YouwiU never get me again to receive your parson for you/' she said; 'he wished me to go on Tuesday to discuss the flannel qaestion, bat I will sever discuss the flannel question, nor the coal qnestion, nor any other question.' But Mary did not tell her brother that the Bev. Mathew had found fault with her for her kindness to Mrs. Moony, Chapteb XXXVII. — At WfiirstAJr Castle, Abont a week after the New Year Bobert and Mazy received an invitation to dine with Lord and. Lady Moreland at Wenman Castle. Mrs. Humphrey heard this with a pang keener than that of bodily pain, and even Dr. Arthur was secretly disturbed by the news. It seemed to take Mary farther still away from him, and though he had told him self a hundred times since Mary became Miss Blunt that he would never now ask her to be hU wife, and that even were he such a fool as to ask her he would only be refused for hia pains, yet still he did not like to hear of this invitation to Wenman Castle. Bobert wished Mary to accept it, but Mary v aB somewhat unwilling to do so. ' My dear, I do not care for great people,' the said. 'Nor I,' answered Bobert, 'but it wan civil of them to ask us, and I think it would be civil of us to go.' So the brother and sister did go, and Mary found that 'great people,' as she called them, were very much the same as smaller people. Lady Moreland was a pleasant woman not young and not handsome, and Lord Moreland was a plain, sensible, pleasant man. Mary sat next to him at dinner, and Lord Moreland was struck by her gnat beauty. *' You will go np to town, of course, for the season,' he said. ' I believe my brother does talk of going for a month or so,' answered Mary, smiling, ' Oh, but you'll have to be presented, and go through the whole thing, you know,' said Lord Mordant}, also smiling. Mary shook her head. 'No, I am sure I will not,' she said ; 'I have always Uved in the country, and I shall always live in it. I know no one in London.' 'That is very soon mended; my wife will present you, and then we shall hear a great deal of Miss Blunt.' 'It is very good of yon to say so, Lord Moreland, but— 'and she looked with her clear candid eyes in his face— 'yon know our history. The world— I mean tbe world you live in — and my little world are very far apart ; and I mean to stay in my cwn,' added Mary, with a little laugh. ' Miss Blunt would adorn any world,' said her host with a smile; 'and I hope she will cot be 80 unkind as to cut us after we have had the pleasure of making her acquain tance.' 'We are country neighbors,' said Mary, pleasantly, 'and when you're down here perhaps I shall see you sometimes.' ' I hope so,' said Lord Moreland ; and he afterwards told bis wife that Miss Blunt was a very charming young woman, and tbat she had a very pretty manner, and that he had asked Sir Bobert to stay with them in the autumn at their place in Scotland. And while Mary was talking to Lord Moreland a pretty golden-haired girl whom he had taken into dinner was smiling on Bobert. This was the Hon. Ethel Curzon, a niece of Lady Moreland's, and a young lady who was not unwilling to exchange her father's somewhat impoverished home for that of a rich husband's. For though Misj Curzon was a duke's granddaughter, her father, General Curzon, was only a poor man. In the days of her beautiful youth her mother, Lady Mary Vernoo, had made a foolish love match, and had run away with a handsome young soldier who had but Uttle money and many debts to embarrass him. He was a distant connection of her own, well-born, and intimate with her brother; and Lady Mary, who knew poverty only by name, rose early one morning and left her father's stately mansion behind her, and em barked in a new and untried existence with her jouog hatband. It was not a happy marriage. They loved each other, but they had not the means to live as they had both been accustomed to live, and it happened to them, after the pro phecy of the old proverb, that as poverty tapped at the door love began to ' sicken and decay.' Lady Mary feU into ill -health, and two children were born, and so years passed on and the beauty for which she had been loved and wedded waned, and she had nothing to supply its place. She died when her daughter was a girl of eighteen, and her son a promis ing young soldier. Her sister. Lady More land, was very kind to General Curzon's daughter; but Miss Curzon had also been unfortunate in her love affairs, and at twenty six this pretty golden-haired, highly con nected girl was stiU unmarried. She was staying with her aunt at Wenman Castle when Bobert Blunt first met her. He took her into dinner, and Mies Curzan con descended to make herself very agreeable to him. 'I suppose we shaU meet during the season, she said, before dinner was over. ' I wonder if we shall know each other again ; it is so difficult to remember people in town.' ' I am sure I ahaU not forget Miss Curzan,' answered Bobert, smiling. 'It is so difficult,' went on Miss Curzim, ignoring the compliment, ' to recall anyone's features if yon have only seen them once, and I have a bad memory.' ' I am very sorry to hear it,' said Bobert, 'well, shall I prepare myself to be forgotten, then ?!- Miss Curzon looked at him' with her bright blue eyes. 'You have rather marked features,' she said, 'and you are taller than most people——' 'Do yon think you can remember me ?' laughed Bobert, as Miss Curzon paused, still with her blue eyes fixed on his faoe. ' I think, perhaps, I may,' she said ; bat in reality she had no idea of forgetting Sir Bobert Blunt. 'What do you think of him?' she asked her cousin, Lady Moreland's young daughter, a shy handsome girl, who had scarcely yet left the shadow of her mother's wing, when they returned together to the drawing-room. ' Of Sir Bobert Blunt, do you mean ?' answered Lady Alice, in a low tone, 'I— I think he is is very good-looking.' 'Yes, good- looking; not quite up to the regulation mark, with a gardenia in Us button hole,' laughed her more experienced cousin, with a sarcastic emphasis on tbe 'its,' for Miss Curzon occasionaUy said sharp things of her friends, and was not the more beloved in consequence. ' And his sister ?' whispered the young girl, afraid lest Mary, who was talking to Lady Moreland, should overhear. 'Isn't she ' A classical milkmaid,' said Miss Corzan, smiling at her own wit ; but the next moment she had crossed the room, and seated herself by Mary's side, and when Bobert appeared in the drawing-room, the pretty girl to whom he had talked at dinner, was sitting talking to his handsome sister. He went up to them, and presently Lord Mortland took Mary away to show her a favorite Bembrandt in his picture-gaUery ;so while Mary was walking down the dimly lighted galleries with their host, Bobert sat down beside Miss Ethel Curzsn. 'I have been talking to your sister,' she said, ' she is very lovely, and she tells me she has lived here all her life.' 'Yes,' said Bobert, 'we Uved in a Uttle cottage by Weirmere until the death of Lady Blunt, and then I succeeded to my father's place.' ' How happy you mast feel now,' said Miss GurzoD, ' it must be so delightful to get rich ; particularly unexpectedly. ' My change of fortune was not unexpected to me, as it happened,' answered Robert, with a laugh. 'No,' said Miss Curzon, and she slightly arched her finely marked pale brown eye brows, and opened her blue eyes a little wider. Then Bobert looked at her more particu larly. She was a very pretty girl, fair com plexioned, with a very deUcate color just ting ing her fine skin, and with soft palegold tinted hair curling low on her white brow. But it was the remarkable blueness of her eyes that chiefly struck Bobert ; they were a bright clear blue, moat like the color of a summer sky, for there was no grey in them, and somehow even the long curling light brown eyelashes, by which they were sur rounded, did not make them soft or tender. 'Are sou looking at me to try to re member me when we next meet ?' Mked Miss Cuizon, who had remarked Bobert'u fixed gaze. 'Pardon me, you must forgive me, no; I am quite sure I will not forget you,' an wered Bobert, laughing and coloring. 'He is good looking,' thought Miss Csrzon. 'And how far Is your place off here?' she said. ' Perhaps nine miles ; not more than nine miles.' 'Oh, tbat is quite near. I shall come and tee jour sister, some day. There is so Uttle to do here.' Bobert made a low bow. . ' You gave amoBtflattorugreasonfor your proposed visit,' he said. 'Are you satirical? I hope not; I hate satirical men.' 'Then I am not satirical.' 'I do not know you well enough to tell. I seon tire of people if they are.' 'My lMt jest is made,' smiled Bobert, 'and my friends will sincerely thank you, for I never said anything really amusing in my life.' 'Did you ever try?' asked Mies Carzon, sod Bobert laughed so loudly that Lady Moreland looked round from her easy chair by the fire. ' What are yon laughing about?' aha aaid. ' Man Cm-zoQ was advising me to try to be a Uttie more amusirie,' he said, and Miss Curzon did not conbeadict him. ' Come here, Sir Bobert, I want to talk to yotrabout the -parson,' said Lady Moreland', and while Bobert and Lady Moreland dls cussed the Bev. Mathew Newcombe's short comlBgs Miss Ethel Curzon took up a novel and apparently became much interested in her story. But she did not allow Bobert to go away without reminding Wm that she would ^Pr*? to see him again. ''Are you going?' she said, when he went to bid her good-night. 'Yes, and I shall do my best to improve before I see you again,' he answered. 'I thought you had spoken your last jest. By-the-bye if I were to brine my young consin to caU on your sister on Friday after noon, would you be at home !' 'You have not seen him to-das? He is a nice boy, an Eton boy, and he and I are great chums. We ride together ; on Friday if it is not raining we will try to find our way over the hills.' ' We shall be delighted to see you,' aaid Bobert, and Miss Curzon smiled and returned to tbe perusal of her novel. ' Well, how did you enjoy yourself, Molly ?' asked Bobert, as soon as the brother and sister had Btarted on, their homeward journey. 'Much more than I expected to do,' said Mary, 'I like Lord Moreland immensely, and oh ! Bobert, he has such lovely pictures.' ' And what do ion think ot Miss Carzon,' said Bobert. ' She is very pretty : and what do you think Of her, sir V ' I think she is very pretty too, but she wants something, she wants a certain charm; hut she is coming to see you.' 'I should suggest she was coining to see you,' laughed Mary. In the meanwhile Lord and Lady Moreland were speaking of their late guests. 'She is a very charming girl,' said my lord, ' and has a fine, artistic taste ; she was delighted with the Bembrandt.' ** I like him also,' replied my lady, ' and I thought he seemed to admire Ethel ; I am sure it would be very well if he does.' ' ' What nonsense ! Yon women always will insist that a man admires some one or other,' answered Lord Moreland, but nevertheless be also thought it would be a good thing if Sir Bobert Blunt admired his penniless niece. (To be continued.) 