What Kills Churches. " Tli on hast a name that thou livest ami art dead." Sad as it is to stand by the open grave of a man or woman, cut off in the beginning or middle of a useful life, how much more sad to stand over the grave of a dead Church, or to weep over a dying Church, which ought both of them to be alive, and fountains of life to thousands, to the end of time. There are two classes of dead Churches. First, those that have a name to live, a name printed with others in the ecclesiastical minutes, yet which are more lifeless even than the Church of Sardis; and second, those that are dead to the very roots, nominally and really. How many of the Churches are in these categories ? What, then, are the things that kill Churches ? First, in general, as to pastors : 1\. The lack of faithful, able pastors. 2\. The loss of good, beloved pastors. 3\. Unsound ministers—unsound in life, immoral, censorious, covetous ; unsound in doctrine ; unsound in judgment. Two Churches on my list have actually perished, chiefly from unsound ministers ; and a large number of others, within my knowledge, have come to the borders of dissolution, some from immorality, some from destructive heresy, and some from the calamitous consequences of miserable judgment in their ministers. In fact, the lack of sound, broad, good sense ha6 seemed to harm the Churches almost as much as any other cause. The Apostle says, " If any man lack wisdom, let him ask of God," but too many are confident that they do not lack it—that all others lack it more than they—so they neither ask for it of God or man. Hence, disorders, strifes, and refusal to receive or yield to advice from any quarter. Second, as to members of Churches : 1\. The lack of good, faithful members. Who are good faithful members of a Church ? Those who can be depended on by their pastors and by those associated with them—(a) to meet regularly and punctually on the Sabbath and at all the general Church meetings; (6) to support the church cordially in its ministry, in its Church work, in its worship—(family, social, public) and in itB benevolence. Observe, that all the most faithful, thriving Churches are composed of members who train their households in Christian ways, forming their children to decorous habits of Cliristian order, service, and benevolence, the members themselves having been thus trained. Many of the new Churches are composed of persons who never themselves enjoyed any thorough Christian culture This is their great weakness. So much the more their need, not of transient, untrained ministers, but of wellqualified, earnest, able, patient pastors. Hence, too, the great burden that comes on a few good families, a few faithful men and women. 2\. The loss of good members. Terrible the stroke when a noble, Christian man or woman, a chief pillar, moves away! If from pecuniary motives, the man generally makes a prodigious mistake. I am personally acquainted with a large number whose stay would have been hailed as a great, a saving blessing, by the Church. But they went, to the downfall of their own fortunes Poor they are to- day, when they might have enriched the Church, and been worth thousands which they lost directly or indirectly, by removing from their proper place. To many small Churches the loss of one, two or three good families is—death. 3\. Unsound members. These are such as fail to learn to teach, and to obey God's law and Christ's gospel, They neglect both family and social worship. The slightest impediment may keep them from public worship. Of course, they avoid the business meetings, as essential to the life of the Church as any other meeting. They wander far from the Lord, if indeed they ever knew Him. Their hearts and lives become vain, worldly, selfish, and sometimes vile and profane. Such members bring to a weak Church more weakness and also trouble, shame and death! A CORONER'S INQUEST. To kill a church. The specific that has done it. 1\. Neighbourhood jealousy and rivalry. I have sorrow, fully viewed the dead limbs of two Churches slain by this cause; and laboured in vain to make some of them, now scattered, the living members of a living body. Many Churches have gone down from this reason. 2\. Cracked ministers in respect to theology, morals, judgment. "Sounding brass and tinkling cymbals." And because in the pulpit the brass sounded so grandly and the cymbal tinkled so charmingly, the "very elect" •were deceived; and why needed they to consult council, convention or association in regard to the standing—the credentials of such men ? They had heard him themselves. What further need had they of witnesses? But the end was disaster and death. ' 3\. CovetousnesB in the Church, sometimes, alas, in a minister. Two Churches not far from me have died from this; and ten others have severely suffered. A dangerous, malady, and one, that needs a skilful physician. 4\. Harsh criticism, censoriouanese, uncharitableness, unkindness, rash and unwise discipline. Two Churches, not distant, fell from this cause, and many in the land are hereby weakened and destroyed. 5\. The rash, wrong removal of chief pillars (ministers and members,) causing the fall of the building. Three ChurcheB once associated with us have died from this cause. All our Churches have suffered ; some almost fatally. 6\. Sectarianism, creating and organising unnecessary schisms. One of our associate Churches has died from this, and four others have been greatly reduced. 7\. Hobby-riding; magnifying one evil, or a single virtue, so that it occupies the whole field of vision, leading to erroneous judgment and unkind treatment and discipline, and resultant evils. 8\. Contempt of the poor. Caste in the Church. Drive all the poor away by contempt; let those remaining remove; there is left, nothing. All these vices have been fatal to the life of Churches. When the Holy Ghost is grieved away, they all come in, and pervert, through lack of the Spirit and the love of Christ, and of obedience to His blessed, glorious Gospel. —Adams. 