. JIT "FIE^T-CLASS" GHOST 8TOEY. T wAB seated in a comfortable oompartment ill »firat-c!ws railway carriage at London " Bridge EailWay station, ori24th December. The treatber jTAS.horribly cold, tind tbe' • wind was verybigh.Ihadmy evening \- psper already cnt by my aide, and my Bradshew wee in my band, but tbey were at present both nnbeeded; for tny tbouchts were far away down the line—forty miles down, • WNettletOD, where I wm, poing to spend toy-ChriatmaB holidays with my uncle. Arthar Blapher, a fewconeins,; and Bessie Kolaod. When I say that my uncle and conaine were second and third in iny thoughts,! need hardly explain that Bessie was my. sweetbeart—. rather «nold-fasbioned word, bat I like to . jnee it. ' "1 hal won ber after a courtship of twelve ' jmdnthi; and I thought myself the happiest ' " qf young fellows and ' the ^ luckiest of man- . lind. _ ,.. J-wiiloot attempt to describe my 1 Bessie; for that can, only' be done by photography. ; -Sbp,waa very pretty, very: sensible, and . ti(^oTed'b^sev<!rybody,«n!l;B^ornpd }>y me. I . h»d part?d with -ber. in the autumn; and \- although every weok&cougbt;' tnea kind, gentle letter from beri we had not mc t since \- Saying good-feye at the Barmouth Station. North Wales,when she went to atop at Net- •, tleton, and I returned to grim old law, in , ' iny Ohambers, Hep Inn, Lincoln's Inn. How slowly the time dragged on, to be sure ! There never could have been a windier or a more cheerless October than in tbat year, • fair* aiilleriorja^rkibr November.' I .could " "find'no Icharm "in the London" theatres, in •• spite ; of the novelties produced. The news- , paperswera stupid,and the magazines barely readable. My friends,-too, somehow, became wearisome. \ Jobrisbn'ejiuns fell flat ;Bobinsoi'rprictiflal joke's lost'their* charm ; and S !••' 6mith'« «nd • Jones' parties' bored me. I wanted Ohris^mas ! to vomefis quickly as pos. \- sible, and yet »Jd •Time- would,-not get on atiy quicke? fta'spite bf my frettifig. "Sat at last the day arrived^for my departure. •!'•} packed my portmanteau ;.$wo:idaye days bsfoje it necessary. • -IJiad studied my route until I knew tbe stations by beart, , -: < an9 li fonn'd myeelf at! London 1 Bridge' Station a good half hour before tbe train was 5 : '. i8verti»ed to start'.' ^Immediately f my"' train (I bad known 5-55 for BO. many- weBke, that Hooked upon it in tbe light of personal property) " babked into its position, "I insisted on taking my > seat,'altlipugl) i the guard assured me that !'^ %e shbtildn't'^p^ff for a 'quater of in hour, if then.. .Never mind -'I felt happier in (he carriage, knoWing; it''Was connected witb NjettletDh'infl' m'y visit. s : Our train, according to the time-table, did not atop any where after -passing Croydon, but ran right inti'Nettleton. So, giving . A shilling to the ^aard, I requested., him to ' , "ipck'tlie doir,,and Twas/Jett to my cigar, , ; .. evening paper, and my Bessie. i Tfae ststion \- was thronged with - holiday-makers - of all grades ofsdbiety,:pu»biiig,'iqueezing; ! laughing, ' ahonting, but all bent on one object— . 'i«;get gbod';plaCeB in their Various' trains. J BbonJd ;we/ne|rer start P I asked myself es I ^joined out. of the window for tbe twentieth time.' Test'we were off! As we slowly glided out of the station;? waB snrprised -to 'see a —t&U.iank;, white-laced gentleman walk up t ritp'oy .oarriage - door—which I pajd the^u«rd ' to Iock7~open it, etep in, and take his seat opposite'inel ^ QeWas«m6st-pecnliar-look- ,. jng individasl. Eis face was very long, aud ; jpaip.fallyiwbite; his eyes were bright; and •• i «iilesg ;ihis bands, incased -in• black kid gloves, bad tbe appearanoe of possessing a ' gbo'd' dieal of bone ; his legB Were awkwardly; long; and to add ,to hie eccentricity, his head was quite bald, and shone like,a white billiard .ball. , On .entering the carriage he bowtd to me, ' and after carefully-gasing round him, smiled t i_snch a smile 1—and • taking' -out -;0 : 'blackcohered book,eoiled .himselfripin a [ corner,an4 '' buried himself mits contents. Thie ei^abge being paezled me cpptiderably. What could, -he foe ? Perhaps a doctor. No—bis appearance-would-terrifynervous patient. A .^•w^er—ppwbly an.eicaped.lunatic. j - I determined to speak to him. Though I ; •was«bfi isowardj S ; did^ot Uko the mein. ! Tljerp.mil aopethijig unearthly about him : noWsaiicU ^heh helwotild put down-bis book, gaee-at^he lamp ^bove, and . laugh .quietly,, 'theii 'fiking^hia eyes on mi," Would 'refapse into a smile, and "continue his reading. " Do you object?to smoking?'' I-asked, with in c ;,«ffpft. ,.,He took no police. I repeated the n twisted Jnmaeif into in isasier position^ and went on with tbe black^bbnnd'book. "I shall' not be —sorry-when~we-get^o Nettleton," Ithougbt as l threw my cigajr aw^y, and took up the ppper;"I don!t- ^eliBh ; thiB superhuman felIow- pBBsen£er*lWl;-s&j; there's no chance of Telease for two good bours, I may as well ^ i t g ^ ^ o f it. 4 ' I tried to read but ^SotMnok ho jjave it up, and tried to lose my ffelf in-Srn&labS.;' 1 'But at ^Brat I could not Sleep for wbene.verlbappened to look up, AP,|i)in|S. Wa perspiration came over me; summoned-inp cosTage and said sharplyi' w*»!l4hil)k yen arefeiy rode to stare at me good mm. Hesmiled, And looked ..out ^>f the window, sigliea' ani) changed bis seat. I must have falten into a dose ; but for how long, I have .no idea. When I awoke, I felt tbe carriage oscillating violently, and to my horror and suprise, my companion had gone ! Yes, I was alone. In . another moment tbe air was filled with sWieka of agony and yells of despair. My carriage Bhook and groaned, aod then .tottered over on its aide down an embankment, luckily for me, I was . with the exception of ft few bruises, unhurt. Oh, wbat a eight was before me ! The 5-55 from London had run into a goods train, and was'a wreck. ' Women, children, and men were baried. under the debris; whilst some, like 'me, had escaped unhurt. We rendered all assistance tbat lay in our power : but it was not until the sun bad risen on Christmas morning that the line was clear. Twenty-five people were killed, and over thirty injured. The news bad reached Nettleton some hours previous to my arrival; and when I bad briefly narrated the painful facts of the case, I asked leave to retire to my room, unable to take part in the Christmas merrymakings. I threw myself on the bed, and thought over the events of the short time which bad elapsed since I left London, and could not belp connecting my mysterious fellow-traveller with the accident. I was no 'believer in ghoBts, yet what was tbe meaning of that man's mysterious entrance at London Bridge, and bis still more mysterious disappearance. The few days' leisure I allowed myself went quickly enough, and my NetHeton visit was soon a thing of the paBt, and I was once again bard at work in the Inn, I strove to erase the recollection from my mind of that mysterious fellow- traveller; it was impossible. I waB very unhappy and unsettled; my spirits were low,and tuy energy flagged considerably So tbe year passed away, and Christmas cstne again. I was as usual, to spend my holidays at Nettleton, and found myself once more in a first-class carriage, by myself, at 5-55, on the 24th December. The whistle Bounded, the engine shrieked, the train moved, tbe door opened,and 7ieentered, Bmiled in the same death-like manner as he bad Bmiled twelve months ago, took bis seat,' Btid produced the black boob, and read in silence. I was not very surprised, for he had been in my "mind's eye" all tbe year. I felt a sinking at my beart, and a burning throbbing pain flew to fay head. " Man— if man you be," I said, fixing my eyes on him, " if you have come to warn me of any coming danger, speak to me. He lifted bis eyes from his book, yawned, closed tbe volume, and settled to sleep. " No/' I cried; '«you shall not evade my question; you must answer. What will happen ?" He roused, smiled, then took out a small pocket, boob, and wrote, " We shall meet to-night." I read the five words over, but oould not fathom their meaning. I was painfully certain some terrible calamity would happen. I'kept my eyea on him for some time ; but. nature.at Jength ruled, and I fell into a troubled sleep. I was roused by tbe -train Blackening speed, and found we had arrived at Nettleton, and I was the only occupant of the carriage ! I- got out, and inquired of the stationmaster if-he was sure that tbe train was the express. " air," was his answer " through from London Bridge." I at length arrived in safety at Nettleton House, and receivied a hearty welcome of yore. "Bless the boy," said my aunt; " you look as pale as though you'd seen a ghost 1'' I stammered about tbe. closeness of Loodoni and went to dress. There was a dance in the evening, and after dancing with my Bessie, went into a cooler room. As we entered, I started back with a look of horror on my face ; there, by the mantelshelf, stood my mysterious com- " Bessie !" I said ; " come away, for heaven's sake!" " Why, what ever is tbe matter Charlie ?" sbe said. I heeded ber not; I could think of nothing but the phantom before me. He approached with that cursed .smile, and held out bis band. Bessie looked and laughed, and said, " Charlie won't you ahake bands P 1 ' " Who —who is be P" laBked. "Why, Doctor Linton, tbe deaf and.durnb gentleman.." My brain whirled, and I cannot remember wbat followed. This is what I learned in calmer moments:—' Tbe doctor was deaf and dumb, and season ticket holder on the line ; and as he could not make the porters understand him he was allowed a private key. He lived at a little village some five miles tbe London side of Nettleton, and the managers of tbe line stopped tbeS-55 for bim out oficourtesy So my gbost vanished witb (be explanation I shook him warmly by the band, aud with the assistance of Bessie, told him my fears, at which he laughed heartily. Bessie and I were married the following Christmas, and ponspicuons' amongst our guests wbb my '," First cIbbs' Ghost." 