AVOCA. (from: our own- correspondent. ) Superintendent Smith, of Fingal, has just inspected tha tannery and all tho surroundings of tho township where nisisance3 existed, and has given notice to several of the residents to take immediate steps -towards cleansing their premises. This step has been taken in consequence of two deaths of reported cholera and one of typooid fever having lately occurred, and it will no dOubt have the effect of subduing contagion and relieving the community of unnecessary fear. Mr Smith's stringent measures have given great satisfaction. Seven sweeps were shot off on Saturday afternoon, three bottles each, between the following gentlemen : —Messrs. T. Fitzgerald, W. Freeman, John Smith, M. Hepburn, A. Thompson, W. Keefe, J. Rozier, Wardlaw, and Parsous, the two latter being the most successful. In the evening a most successful Ethiopian Entertainment was given by the Avoca Amateur Minstrels, in Mr C. W. Foster's hall, in aid of the library and reading-room shortly to be established. This combination of talent requires more than ordinary notice, although only consisting of seven local amateurs. Apart from the creditable manner with which they acquitted them selves to the delight of their audience, the philanti'ophic object they have in view, that of laying the foundation-stone of a library and reading-room, merits the sincere thanks of the residents of the township and surrounding district. This, I aui pleased to say, was accorded them ' during the interval, on behalf of the whole neighborhood, in a neat and compli mentary speech by Mr R. Gunton. The hearty support given to his motion by the crowded hou;e showed how popular the amateurs were. MrJohn Luck (chairman), the contractor of the Avoca bridge, has spared neither time, trouble, nor expense in making the entertainment a success. Mr George Emerson (the manager) opened proceedings with a few appropriate remarks craving indulgence for himself and friends, asking tbe audience to bear iu mind that they were simply unassuming amateurs, but they would do their best to please. He was glad to see so many present, and attributed it to the object they had in view, viz., — the establishment of a public library and reading-room. (Applause.) The pro gramme opened with an overture by the company. As nearly every item was deservedly encored, I will omit the recalls. Sir C. Fitzgerald's song, 'Little sister's gone to sleep, ' was a great suc cess. Sir J. Tiernoy (bones) brought the house down with ' Golden slippers,' so also did Mr George Emerson, who has a clear tenor voice, with 'Wait till the clouds roll by this was very appro priately selected, on account of the pre sent commercial depression in Tasmania. Mr W. Powell did ample justice to 'The boat is going over,' and ' The cabman with the roses at the door,' by Mr H. Malkin (the other corner man), was much appreciated. Mr J. Reubenach handled ' The old log cabin in the dell' very suc cessfully. 'Mr M'Carthy's mare,' sung by Mr F. M'Carthy, carried the whole house. After an interval of ten minutes the overture, pianoforte duet, 'Chop- sticks,' by Mrs C. Fitzgerald and Miss Raake, demonstrated that real talent is not thrown away in Avoca. ' Can you buy my mother a saucepan f' Mr H. Malkin (in song) enquired, was sub stantially answered. The old favorite, ,l Gathering the shells by the sea shore,' entrusted to Mr C. Fitzgerald, lost none of its popularity. 'Donegal,' song and dance by Mr J. Tierney, was a screaking success, following with a rael ould Irish jig. 'Don't forget me, da-ling,' by Mr G. Emerson ; many voice-, ' We won't.' ' She laughed behind her fan,' so Mr C. Fitzgerald said in song in liis humorous way. tha people present luuihed, too; ho also sung 'The cows are iu the corn.' So while the change of scenery was going on we went out to ascertain the truth of ? it, and to every body's amusement found It was so. Returning we found that side-splitting farce the ' Haunted House' on the boards, Mr W. Powell taking the part of the ghost Too much thanks cannot be given to Miss Raake for the able manner she presided at the piano. She is iudeed an acquisition to the musical portion of the community. Mr Foster, of the Avoca Hotel, lent furniture and gave the use of the hall, that being his property. Mrs Raake supplied the piano. It is h^ped that the troupe will repeat their enter tainment h« re very shortly. They purpose giving Fingal a treat on Saturday even ing, 13th inst., in Mr W. Yiney's hall, and will probably visit St. Mary's, Falmouth, Gtorge's Bay, and Gould's Country, but I am particularly requested to inform you that they are not pro fessionals ; they are simply amateurs. Afire originated on Monday moming at Mr C. Forster's hotel, in the bedroom occupied by Mr Standage. It was dis civereil by Miss Standage, who, when ill the garden, nolic-id much smoke coming out of the chimney. Mr Staudage, bi-iug an invalid, had a lire in his bedroom. The presence of mind exercised by Miss Stau dage in the prompt use of blankets aud water soon qaenclind the fire and save j her father and the house fiom danger, but not before so:no bedding, a bedstead, and articles of clothing in tiie room had been destroyed. Although the weather is boisterous and cold the swallows are amongst us again in considerable numbers, and bu3y taking up their old quarters. Several black snakes have already been killed. They seem to have made the same mistake as the swal lows — that Spring had set in. 