mum The Romance of a Finger-Ring. A 6T0EY FOUNDED ON FACT. Br Samuei Symoxs. Chapter I?. , I shall tot soon forget that journey-to London. The news ' of my uncle's serious and dangerous state came so suddenly upon me that I oould scarcely believe the intelli gence. I felt like one in a dream. That telegram had well- nigh etucned mf, and I was hardly cognisant of what woe going on about me. I knew he was .ill, but I was not aware that his sickness was severe, and the thought of his l-6ingnear death never estered my head. How I upbraided myself now ! How selfish I had been In seeking my own pleasure instead of tiaataniwg to his side to comfort Mm fn \- his lonely sickness ! Perhaps I should never see him alive again ; ana tue bare idea tbat, all too late, 1 was making 1 eveiy effort to reach him while yet life remained, maddened me. Although the train was rushing along at frightful f epeed, i- seemed, in my impatience and grief, to crawl. My uncle was the only nearrelative I had. Left an orphan at an early age, my mother's brother took charge , of me. ^Under his fare I was brought np attd educated ; be had been to me as a father. He was peculiar and crotchety, yet X alwayatnansged to fattin with his humour, and we got on capitally together. He had no children of his own, . but I had all the privileges ajid advantages which would have accrued to his ton. ./ ? After takingmydeCTee at Cambridge I adopted the law % as a profession, with hitherto no better result than I have indicated at the commencement of this story. Fortunately, I was not entirely dependent oh my profession, for my father had left me a email income which, under the careful management of my uncle, had increased so as to yield an annual sum sufficient, with economy, for me to Uve on. My uncle gave me no allowance. He very sensibly I ♦hat I must push my way, which I was strenuously I -endeavouring to do. I had paid several visits to the old gentleman sinoe I had . been 'called;'' indeed, his house ? ^ras always open to me, and I could come and go at my own * . -Mwcet will, fit on his put had paid some visits to my ' chambers ; but he never cared for the legal profession, *n-i -oould not see ho£ 1 was to make much at it. ' It was overcrowded/' he said ; and I don't think he gave me cred't for being brilliant and clever— in which opinion, -truth to say, he was hot very far wrong. His money had been made in Lusineai. After many years of anxious but suc cessful toil he retired and bought an estate in the country 'Scarcely had he b.oome settled in the new home when toy .aunt died, and he hid never b^eq the same man * B'uce. : I knew, then, that my uncle was not well, and also that he had taken a house in Edinburgh to be near a medical man in whom he had great faith. The telegram that he . was dying shocked me terribly, for I had no idea he was so. 1/ . baidse tbat. The message had been sent to my London 2 ':aidrcss. and the * chum * who had the key of my chambers, i ^aad who bed prombei to take charge of any letters, took | Bfoa himself the responsibility of opening the telegram, I * ' and, seeing its importance, had forwkrded it to Baechwood. But Idr bis good common sense and promptness I should not have seen my uncle alive again. Ihe train thundered on ; stations were passed like light ning. I sat thinking or trying to think, for my brain was in a whirl, and I had not become calm when we retched jPaddlngton.' The bustle at the large station roused ma ; no time was to be lost. I. seized my bag and rug, jumped into a cab, end gained St. Fancras not a moment too soon for the Scotch train, whichstarted within a few minutes of my entering one of the carriages. The night was chilly, and I huddled myself up in a corncr. My only companion was an elderly gentleman who, with a view to having a chat, began to make observa tion* cpon the weather and such-like subjects. But I was' in no mood for talking, and soon, by my short grumpy answers, let him know it. Finding himself snubbed, he pulled out a newspaper from his pocket and troubled me no mors. The fresh air and excitement began to have an effect on me. I felt faint and weak ; my eye fell on the basket which Sir Geoffrey had pushed into my hand at leaving. I opened it and found therein taudwiches and a flask of sherry and water. How I blessed the foresight of my kind old friend ! Although I oould not have made a meal' just then, yet this Blight refreshment was most opportune, Mid revived and^trengtheced me. ' ' I tried to deep, but in vain. The noise at the various stopping-places along the line disturbed me, and iny brain was too restless for repose. At Alnwiek my travelling companion got oat, and from thence to my journey's end I was elone. As soon as we arrived at Edinburgh I called a cab, and giving the man the address to'.d him to ' drive quick.' Cabby had a good horse, and ;soon turned into the quiet street where my .uncle's house was situated. As we came to the door I noticed that straw was laid on tha ground in frontof.it. Before I could knock, the door , was noiselessly opened. ' How is he F' eaid I. ' Vera bad, sir — unco bad,' was the whispered reply. I left my. traps in the hall and went quietly upstairs. Someone came to the landing; it was Macdpine, my uncle's faithful gillie. He met me with a grave face.' ' Thank God ye1 re come,1' he eaid in a low tone ; 'he's been as kin' for ye.' ' Is he really dying, Mac ?' I asked earnestly. ' Ah, well! ah, veil! God knows, but he's bad, bad,' said the gcod fellow sorrowfully . ' Shall -I go to him now?'' ' Ay, but ye must gang canny.' He preceded me in silence, .both of us walking on tiptoe. We entered the room. Macalpine went to the bed and drawing aside tbe curtains, hung at the head to keep off both glare and draught from its oocupaut, bent close to his master's ear. 'The laddie's come,' he whispered. The eiok man raised his eyes inquiringly; I stepped forward. ' It's me, uncle — Wilfred, ' I .said softly. ' A 'look of recognition stole into his eyes, his lips moved, and, stoop* ingdown, I caught the faint utterance, ' Thank God.' _,I took his poor thin wasted hand in mine ; he smiled up in my face and tried to speak. The effort was too much ; the words died away half -formed from his lips. I pressed his handi the pressure was feebly, very feebly, returned ; but he smiled again and closed his eyes. Still holding him, I stood looking down on that white and wasted face. How bitterly 1 upbraided myself for my neglect ! Could he have known now and where I had received that telegram, would he have smiled me that feeble welcome P Would his face have worn the peaceful look which, spite of the tokens of fast-approaching death, it now bore ? But it was useless repining ; I could not help him now, and all that remained was for me to watch by his side till the end came, and this I determined to do. After a little while tbe feeble grasp relaxed and the head fen back on the bedclothes. But for his almost imper ceptible breathing I should have thought him dead; he looked so pale and corpse-like. Macaloine beckoned me from the room and gently closed the door.' 'He's BleepinV he said; 'he hasna bin sae quiet and comfortable sin' we sent the tallygram. But ye'll be wantin' food and rest yersel' ye look tike a wraith.' 'No! not Macalpine,' I said; 'I can't eat— it's no use; and yon look as if you want sleep more than 1 do ; I'll relieve you at the bedside.' ' 'Deed and ye won't ; ye maun eat something.' The faithful fellow— I had known him for years— was quite resolute. He ordered a meal to be prepared, and insisted on my sitting down before it. But 1 could not eat. Notwithstanding the hours which had elaped since I bad taken food, and notwithstanding the long journey, I could not make a meal. The few mouthfuls I forced down almoBt choked me ; my thoughts were in the sickroom. I stayed only long enough to make Macalpine -believe I had been eating— he would certainly have sent me back had he known the truth— and then went upstairs. Mac was at his post by the bed ; my uncle was still asleep: I tapped the former on the shoulder, and we went onto more out of the room. I then said it was my determination to take a share in watching, and after much trouble succeeded in making a compromise. I was to lie -5n a sofa in the room while Macalpine occupied a chair by the ted. At a given time he was to call me to relieve him, for he had been in almost constant attc-ndance for four days, and was nearly worn out. I lay down wrapped in my railway rug and, notwith- ] standing my perturbed and excited state, the fatigues of I the previous day, the long journey and lack of sleep, all j combined to overpower me, and I sank into a deep slumber. I I was awakened by hearing Macalpine calling my name. ' Come quick,' said he, in an excited voice. Leaping up, I 1 hastened towards the bed; the gillie was supporting the j invalid, who was gasping and struggling for breath, ' Fetch me yon,' said Macalpine, pointing to a glass on a 1 table hard by. I took it np. but before it could be placed 1 to the sick man's lice the gaspiog ceased, the head fell baok, j there was a convulsive twitching of the lips, and all was over. The faithful retainer reverently laid the dead head on thefpillow. As for me, the floodgates of my soul were ! unlocked, and, falling on my knees by the bedside, I wept , like a child. Macalpine let me weep for a little while, and then— his face full of trouble and grief —led me gently but I firmly from the room. 1 * * * * . * ; The funeral was conducted quietly, in conformity to the wishes of the dead, who left instructions that there should be no display, for in .life my uncle hated ostentation, valued notoriety cheaply. Upon the reading of the will it was found that the bulk of the property had been lett to me.. This was certainly a surprise, for though I expected to refeeive a handsome legacy, I had no idea that such a generous provision had been made for me. My uncle had never given slightest hint regarding my 'expectations.'' He was a man who severely minded his own businees and kept his own -counsel. Furthermore, he often said that it was not a good thing to leave young fellows too much money, for in his opinion it made fnem lazy and not infrequently disso lute. However, with the exception of a few legacies and annuities to come faithful servants, .a sum of money to be distributed among churches and charities, and a few small sums to distant relations, the property was left to me with out any reserve or restriction whatever. Thus a few days had sufficed to raise me from a briefless straggling barrister with little or no prospects to be the proprietor of ,a beau tiful country estate; and the possessor of a large income. J' Yet though Craigalloch and £7000 a year 'were mine, I felt lonely, sad, and spiritless. .It was a tremendous jump certainly for a man_of my years and inexperience ; but I would rather, far rather,' have had things remain as before time than h£ve~16st my 'guide, counsellor, and friend' jut when X needed his experience and advice most; for I had loved £mv old uncle, and he had loved me ; crotchety, peculiar, and stem though he was, we were all in all to one another, and never in my existence do I remember feeling such a blank in my lite as when I returned from the funeral to find mjBelf transformed so suddenly into a rich country gentleman. And. yet, I whom he loved so much, aLd for whose pretence he longed in his last hours, had been { ingnate enough to go in search of myoWh personal pleasure j and gratification when, kt owing him to be ill and weak, { duty and affection should have called me to his side. Of course, my, self-condemEbtioa was now too late, and ay ' ? s repinings .were use. ess; .but for a longtime I could not ceaee upbhudiog m'yedf 'for selfishness and ingratitude, and the sudden accession to my uncle's wealth greatly intensified t*''11 morbid feeling which had come over me. Chapteb V. The necessary business which had to be done id connec tion with my uncle's will roused me to a oertain extent, and for some time I had not muoh leisure to thinkabout myself, my position, or future movements. Of course In the new sphere in which I found myself so suddenly placed I had at once to encounter difficulty, envy, and even spiteful malice. These arose chiefly from certain . relations of my uncle, none of whom were connected with me. Some of them 1 knew more or less, others were utter strangers to me; but all of them had iMeived legacies of varying amounts. As, however, each one had been looking forward to a share in Craigalloch, the disappointment was of course keen, and ckagrin was not long in showing ibdt. I should certainly have been prepared to deal liberally wilh more than one of tbe claimants, but as in every instance the disappointed expectants chose to pour out the vials of their wrath upon my devoted head— as if 1 had done anything to put anybody's 'nose out of joint'— I determined that they should reoeive what was justly theirs under tbe will and so more. Of course this did not tend to diminish the ill-feeling, and I was made the subject of much abuse, and in one case was even threatened with law proceedings. But my unole's solicitor knew bis business, and so did his late client. ' The will's perfectly valid, Mr. Monteith,' said the former to me ; ' You needn't be alarmed,' (I had not been in the least) 'nobody has a - leg to stand on '—it's all bounoe.' Of course it was, and it gradually died away. As soon though as I had time to think my sense of lone liness came back with full force. I need not have bean alone for a minute if I had so desired, for from all sides condolences and congratulationaoame pouring in. As soon aa it became known — and it did not take long to get abroad —that I was a man of fortune, hosts of fawning acquaint ances (I will not say friends) surrounded me. Men who would scarcely recognise mq a few months before now could not show me too much attention. Keen matchmaking mammas had their eyes upon me. When propriety would admit of it, they were ready to ahow off the attractions of their charming daughters, for I was now a most eligible parti. In ehort, I became at once a man of importance— somebody worth knowing. Such is the mighty power of wealth, end suoh is the way of the world. Bnt all this attention and fuss did not disturb me, except that it made me long ior quiet and rest. In my days of genteel poverty I had possessed a few traehearted friends, and I knew that the people who now sought my company were, for the moat part, not to be named beside Buch tned companions. As it was yet too soon to mingle with the gay werld, 1 shut myself up in solitary grandeur at Craigalloch. But net for long.- I could not endure it; the place and its memories were so familiar that the absence of its former master rendered it unbearable; I grew miserable, molan choly, wretched. Bather a strange state for a young man of fortune to get himself into perhaps ; but altered circum ; stances, whether 'for better or worse,'- affeot different people in various wajs , and for the nonce I was affected in eome such manner as I have described. Shutting the place up and leaving Macalpine In charge, I .went to London. Here.for a while I sojourned at my club, living the life of a man of the world. But the monotony and aimlessnecs of suoh an existence palled on and wearied me, end I began Jo find out that a wealthy idler ia not of necessity a contented and happjunan, as many people appear to believe. I longed for my old chambers, for the law courts, the chaff and jollity of my briefless brethren, and the thought came to me mire than once of still sticking to the profession ; not of course for gain, but chiefly to employ my time anjl find congenial society. Amonv my real friendships there was none I valued more highly than that of the Emblings. I had received a very kind letter from Sir Geoffrey coon after my uncle's death— a letter full of sympathy. In it he said tbat Beeohwood Hall was eilways open to me, and that Lady Embling and. himself would be delighted to welcome me. ' Come,' he wrote, ' at ahy time, we shall be glad to see you, and will do our utmost to make you comfortable as of yore.' I knew it, had! not often experienced his hospitality, so I decided to go down to. the Hall and spend my Christmas. Truth compels me to state that I had otber objects in view in addition to the wish of spending a few weeks with my friends. During the excitement and business of the last two or three months 1 had completely forgotten all abort the ring which it will be remembered I had found the night of my gbost-eeeing. It suddenly cune into my mind that the jewel was stUl in my possession, and that I had no right to it. I searched for and found it. As I looked at it my heart smote me. H-ra was I, a man of wealth, in pos session of a valuable ring, belonging to some unknown person, which bad oome Into my hands in a very remarkable manner; and yet notwithstanding that mbre than three months bad gone I had not made the eligh'est effort to dis cover the rightful owner. No doubt rome innocent servant of the houfe had been suspected of theft, and possibly tried for the misdemeanour, and while of course evidence would not be strong enough to ccnvict such a one, yet he or she would be looked upon as a suspected thief. If William Jc-nes, costermonger, had been discovered with a like article in [ocsMsion, obtained nnder somewhat similar circum stances, he would of course be promptly and properly punished. But with me it was quite different—! should only be spoken of as an unfortunate ' kleptomaniac.'' Thus does an intelligent and discening British pablic discriminate between a ' man of position ' and one of the (l lower orders.' Biess them tor their round common sense. So it will be seen that duty required me to pay a visit to Beech wood Hall. But there was another object, an attraction still greater. During the period which had r lapsed since mv last seeing her I had wen continually thinking of Mies Berringer. I -could not forget her; her face was ever with me. If as an impecunious struggling limb of the law 1 bad 1 alien desperately in iove ' at first sight,' that, feeling was now intensified in my altered circumstances. I may as well here acknowledge— what has been apparent all along— that my affections had teen taken taken captive by tbe attractions and charms of Miss Berringer. Although I had been mora than once 'smitten,' yet until now I had never been in love. But there was no mistake this time; apd half afraid that some one more fortunate was already occupying the place in the heart of my divinity which I longed for, I leeolyed to receive the eentence which should mf&e; me the happiest or most wretched of mortals from Miss Berringer'a own lips. It was imperative that Craigalloch should have a mistress, and that could be one and one only. But [ did not know the address even of die being I adored, and it was 1 to Beechweod Hall I looked for encouragement and informs- 1 tun. I must confide— to a certain extent only — in Alice ' Emhling, for she and Mis a Beninger were last friende. I think, then, I am right in eayinr tbat love aa well as duty . drew me to Sir Geoffrey's mansion. Once more I found myself on the platform of the quiet country itaticn, and again the groom with his neat and well-appointed phnton was- awaiting me. Tbe scene was charged this time ; the cold wintry day had drawn to a close, and cheerless darkness set in. This trees, leafless and bsre, looked like gaunt skeletons as they appeared and dis appeared 'mid the flashes of our lampB. The sky, l«u|nn atd lowering, gave tcken of an approaching snowstorm ; the air was keen and cold. The lighted windows of' the TT«n shone in pleasant contrast to the dreary outside aspect, and spoke of the warm and hearty welcome which awaited me within. \- 1 was greeted with effusion by the family, receiving from them both condolences and congratulations. j * This time I was tbe only guest, and being such, an old ! and privileged friend, we were quite a family party at dinner; Sir Geoffrey and Lady Embling, their two daughters and their only son— just returned from travelling in America — wilh myeelt, making up the number. As soon as we all reassembled in the drawing-room I got to myself in a corner— Sir Geoffrey had settled himself in au armchair for a nap, George Embling was entertaining his mother and elder sister with an account of a reoeption at the White House at which he was present— so we were not likely to be disturbed. ' I want to have a few minutes talk with you,' I began. 'Indeed!' was the rejoinder, ' what about ? ' ' About lots of thirgs — first of all 1 hear you've not beei troubled with ghosts since I've been away,' I h*3 to sab ? / „ ?' ?? - . - ' .? mit to a little good-natured chaff about the 'haunted loom' on my arrival. ' As to tbat,' was the reply, ' the room has been shut np ever since, and we've not bethered ourselves any further abont the matter.' ' Well, then, the ghost has been in possession I suppose, and not being an ill -natured spirit has not ahown any desire to travel about the house.' 'Perhaps so; but as you seem rather anxious about it, you might like to deep in the rooin again, and possibly make np an acquaintance with the ghfot, if it still pays nocturnal visits.' ' Oh dear no,' 1 laughed, ' a spirit- friendship Is hardly to my taste— by tbe way, talking of such things, have you seen or heard anything of Miss Berringer lately P ' Miss Alioe gave me a quick glanoe rail of meaning, and then rather peremptorily demanded, ' Why do you oonnect Fanny with ghosts ? ' ' Why,' eaid I, frying to speak in a matter-of-fact tons, 'don't yon remember how we had arranged to compare notes on that very subject, and that my sudden departure prevented it.' ' Oh ! ' said (he . young lady with a alight touch of scorn, 'so you want to pursue that interesting topio do you?' 'Possibly,' I replied, 'but you havn't answered my question.' ' Ah, pcor Fanny ; Bhe's been in trouble since, you last saw her.' - ' Indeed. . I am very sorry to hear that.' ' Yes, ' A few weeks ago she lost her mother, and she is now alone in the world.' This intelligence, while it pained me to hear of the weman 1 loved being in trouble, actually made me feel (so selfish are weall) that Miss Berringer'a loneliness would be no inconsiderable aid in my suit. ' I sympathise with her, I pity her in her grief,' I said. ' Pity is akin to love,' said Miss Alioe, looking straight at me. Taking no notice of the remark, I asked, ' Where is she now?' ' She's gone abroad.' 'Gone abroad? When? What for? I said rather incoherently. 'Well,' eaid my companion, 'here is a peculiar and aad story. Her father was at one time wealthy, but lost his money by over- speculation; and they woutd have become poor but for a small income of Mrs. Berringer'a. Her father never got over his downfall, and died not long ago. Her mother, never very strong, died suddenly of heart disease atont two months back. Poor Fanny is with ? out a relation in the world ; and she has gone on the Con tinent for the winter with eome very old friends ; she needs change and rest, for she's far from well.' 'what a sad tale,' I eaid, 'she must be lett very badly off. Do you know what part of Europe she's gone top' ' I don't. She's not at all communicative. Aa to her income, she has enough to live quietly on.' ' I suppose you'll receive letters from her ? ' ' That t don't know; we made no compact, and she's not like most girls— she's so odd and peculiar.' ' What makes you say that,' I eaid with interest. 'O, lots of things. Why, though we are such friends, she never tells me any of her secrets— never confides in me like other girls. She belief to some extent in the super- ' natural, in faot if she were not too sensible I'm sure she'd become a spiritist— she'd make a capital medium.' 'She is' an intelligent girl,' 1 eaid warmly. 'I feel quite interested in her.' ' 1 know you do— you're infatuated with her.' 'Come,' I said, 'hardly tbat, considering I have only spent a few hours in her company.' . ' Quite long enough for that at any rate,' said Miss Alice ; ' besides,' she added, ' do you think 1 can't see ? ' I knew she could, and veiy shrewdly too. Now, although 1 bad intended to take this young lady into my coofidenoe, yet when I found her reading me in this fashion I thought it would be better to keep my own counsel at present. So I acknowledged nothing beyond mere friendly interest, and sought to change the subject of conversation; this was turned into a current stil* interesting to me by a remark of Miss Embling's. ' Poor Fanny was greatly put out at the loss of a ring while she was hire.' Here was news now. ' A ring?' said I. ' Yes. It was one that her father gave her, and whioh she prized highly.' 'Perhaps the 'ghost' may have had something to do with the I'.sb.' ' Now don't be so noneensical,' said Miss Alice with an air of annoyance, ' You really seem to have ghosts on the brain.' ' Well, but perhaps one of the servants ? 'No, no,' was the emphatic interruption, 'Fanny says (he dropped it in the grounds somewhere.' ' Now Alice,' suddenly put in- Ladv Embling, ' if you've done conspiring with Mr. Monteitb. I want to talk to him.' 'lhis put an end to my enquiries for the evening, just when it seemed that I was getting near the right track. The ladies retired to rest soon after, and as there was nothing to keep us np we men were not long in seeking our rooms. As soon as 1 was alone I sat for some time in deep thought. One thicg was soon settled — Miss Berringer having gone abroad for an indefinite period, I would also go to the Con tinent and seek for her. Bather a quixotic idea certainly, but I was young, rich, idle, and above all in love ; and what will a lover, especially a lover in my position, not do ? Having decided that point, my thoughts went towards the r n g. The servants were not suspected, that was a comfort, and my mind was at rest on that score. I purposed to keep the ring by me until I learned to whom it belonged— the owner 1 was certain to hear of sooner or later ; and} it was more than likely that using the loss of Miss Bsrringer's ring as a handle or a 'text,' I would yet find out some thing of tbe other. But it was certainly strange that Miss Berringer should have lost a similar article of jewellery just about the same time. The thought flashed across me tbat perhaps after all she bad— but ; bah — such an idea was utterly unworthy. It was only a coincidence after all. No, there was some tangle to unravel ; possibly it would turn out to be a very simple one— at any rate 1 was now in no particular hurry. (2o be continued.) 