? DID you ever encounter the The spectre of Smuggling Bill As he leaned himself on an old gun-post At the top of Tower Hill ? I think me not, though he comes by night All the passers-by to scan, A strange, weird, long-shore, lubberly wight— Pea-jacketty eort of a man. His voice is husky, his eyes rolls wild— The other is under a patch— His nose is swollen—this mystic child— And his legs were never a match. As ho leaves the post on a midnight dull He goes with a nautical roll, A solid mahogany seaside hull He seems; but he's only soul. I met him once, and I saw him clear By a gas-lamp's dancing light, BecaUing weeds and tobacco dear That I bought of a smuggler wight. And I said, " O runner of Revenue rigs. Thou knave of the contraband, I'll have thee clapped with the dos and prigs; " But he raised him his gnarled hand. "Ave6t with thy coppers I" and "You be blowed I" In a mixture strange said he; - " I'm in spirits now, and I can't be stowed In this mortial coun-ter-ee. Not sham blue ruin in bladdery skin, Nor tater-brewed oh-de-wee, That ain't paid dooty," he said with a grin; " I'm a spirit, mate, carnt yer see ? " I looked him up, and I looked him down, And I thought of my four pound five I paid for cigars when he did me brown, And he certainly looked alive. But he gave me a goblin goose-skin leer, AB he grinned with his mouth so roomy. " If yer doubts my word, take yer crutchstick there, And you'll find it'll go right through me. " Oh, woe—woe, bacco and paper brown I Oh, woe, sham oh-de-wee 1 I'm Smuggler Bill, and I've come from down In the furderest coun-ter-ee. Oh, I was the wickedest smuggler bold That never did go to sea : I sold cigars and the buyers sold, And what's to become o' me ? " Oh, down by Wapping and£oplar way, And down by the muddy Strand, And down by the Docks I am doomed to stray," And he wrung him eaoh gnarly hand. " I wants to find 'em, and can't tell where, And I doesn't know where to look; There's pounds upon pounds, and there' pounds to spare, As I hid afore I was took." Then I said, " Oh, seaman of doubtful guise, Do you come from that other shore ? " " Ay, mate I " as he rolled him that one of his eyes,- " And I don't want to go any more." " But what are you seeking, and why are you aome ? Why playedBt thou me that trick ?" Ah, it's all along o' those weeds so—hum 1 Did they make you so werry sick 1 ' Oh, it's what I'm a-telling o' you, you see," And to east and to west he turned, ' I can't remember, or may I be Most—something unpleasantly—burned." e moaned as he gave me a mournful gaze, He groaned him right into his boots ; Oh, it's all along o' them Henery Clays, And them sham Bengal cheroots. 'Oh, there's pounds on 'em hidden I can't tell where. And some misfortnet bloke B ill be hunting 'em out if I don't take care And there isn't one fit to smoke. Ah, where did I put 'em ? Ah. where are •^fBieybid? . .. Ah: where'/did I plant that chest ' With Hetoy'Clay on tbe top o' the lid ? ...And wasnlt they bad 'uns, jest? *' They makes 'em up at a boh a pound— Brown paper in backer gravy i And I sold 'em aquid for a box all round, On a smuggler's aDidavy. And down by tbe Isle o' Dogs I goes, And huntin' in Batoliff Highway, But never them weeds shall I find, I knows, And they'll never more dome in my way. " I never can take just a glass o' short, Though I drops in at public bars, Since I belongs to another port, For selling o' sham eigars. For I used to roam as a smuggler bold Who laughed at the lt'yal Exoise; A dodge so stale, and a dodge so old, But alters ripe for a rise." And as I gazed he was there no more, Not so muoh as his old pea-jaoket; ut there seemed to come from a distant shore, Or from out of old Charon's packet, Oh, I am the wickedest smuggler bold That never did go to sea; never get hot, and I never grow cold, In this hide-and-come-geek-a-ree I " G. MIKVILLE FENN, in Hood's Annual 