NEW SOUTH W ALES FIFTY YEARS VENUS. THE following sketch of such imaginary Mure appears in the Sydney Morning Herald :- ' Fifty years hence ; men to be rid of the blame of foretelling evil things, let us say in imagination, not prophesy. Fifty years hence and a bad season, and some man of the present who has endured Rip Van Winkle sleep awakes on a station midway between the Lachlan and the Darling, gets up and looks at the sun, already a tolerable height in the sky, and says outwardly or inwardly, "The Lord be praised, I have slept out the cold, but the sun put the fire out. I'll have a cold drink out of the billy, and make along till I cadge a pipe of tobacco." He rolls up his swag, picks up his billy, and travels. He is a chain or two off the road, he remembers that, and strikes right out for it. But what is wrong ? Here is a level track, concrete, or asphalt, or wooden block, or something smooth as a billiard board. " The old man will surely give me a night's camp," says he, when he can make a buggy-track like that. And what is this Squatters are getting flash now with waterworks on their runs and, believe me I never a railway !" Yes, a railway or a tramway runs along the centre of the narrow paved way, at whose outer edge is a deep water channel, along which courses a rapid stream. " Suppose I'll see a herd of elephants or a theatre on the plain ; but this is good walking. Couldn't easy kill to play with seven miles over this. Just like them, always putting it on to a travelling cove." So onward. He notes that the ridges were bare of feed that the leaves turned edgewise to the sun have a drier look than is usual. He sees no horseman approaching, he hears no croak of crow over dying sheep. He pulls along to the dip of the hills, where he knows the carriers used to camp on the Sandy Creek Plat. " If any of their horses have travelled, they'll not have ( yoked up yet, and I'll loaf on them for a day or two." He is looking eagerly for the flat, and at length he sees it, but no teams. No teams ! only, only what? The swag falls from his shoulder; the very billy goes clattering to the ground, The utter s something stronger than "s help me," and sits down upon the swag. " I've got em on," he says, " but I havn't, for I didn't earn the price of 'em since the burr cutters' spree, I'm mad, that's it. I'll travel, Hullo, there ! Hi, you, I say. What's up ?" It is a man riding, a working man on a groomed horse. Working man stops. "Why! what's the matter, and what's that?" He points to the swag. " What's that I" " What's this, I want to know ? Where's old Brigalow Station, and where's the men's hut ?" " This is Brigalow," says the horseman, " but the men's hut I know nothing about. What's the matter ? Who are you I' " Who and? What are I ? How long is it since you carried the drum, and who groomed your horse last year ? Have you a pipe of tobacco on you, or a pinch of tea in your bag ?" Horseman looks still more be- wildered, gathers his reins, and backs away a pace or two. " I can give you a pipe of tobacco, but as for tea, who ever carries tea ?" " Now, the Lord-." People familiar with bush talk may fill in the blanks to others the hollow trunk of the curse will be at least as edifying. The last word rasped out was " mopoke," whereat the horseman made a right-about, and sailed along the track towards all the buildings in the centre of the flat, only stopping at one or two cottages, telling the mothers to keep the children in and shut the doors, for a madman was coming down. Eight onward rode the bold horseman to the big block of buildings that seemed to denote the owner's quarters, and there he met the owner, comfortable, intelligent, but full of surprise at the unwonted pace. For the man who approaches is cautious by nature, and steadied by matrimony; moreover, he is not devoid of that righteousness which regarded the life of the beast. "What's up, lad 1 pipes burst, dam gone wrong, engine blown up ?" " No," replies the lad, still aghast, " but a madman, terrible mad, sir, and with a bundle that may be dynamite ; knows the place, too, and curses like the Queenslander." "No worse than that, replies the master ; " where is he, the mad- man I Get me a horse, and we will go out to him, and send two of the lads with a truck along the line ; we may have to carry him home." The horse was brought, the two boys placed the truck upon the line, master and man rode along together, and the truck came behind. It was not a long journey. Upon the rise of the hill sat the traveller on his swag, still dazed looking and undecided. He rose as the horsemen approached and looked by instinct at the "water. "Well, my man, what game is this?" "fine game at all, sir, so far as I know ; I made over from Wintle's, coming up from the the river toward shearing, thinking I might get a job of work by the way, and I camped at the two-mile ridge at night, because I wouldn't loaf upon no man and coming down this morning I met Bulj- there, who gammoned green, or mad, 'and bolted." "But why do you walk, why not telephone, and what have you there ?" It ain't a very good 'no, sir, but the weather's hot, and I thought to make it ?*rj;y me through the season." "What is it' "You're very tight on a cove, sir. I'll allow I rolled up in a hurry this morning." I he master approached a pace nearer, leaned forward, and looked the traveller in the eyes. " You do not look mad, but it beats me to understand you ; where are you going, and what do you propose to do?" a TtVou could give me a Jo of work, sir." that work? What are you?" "Not much to boast about, perhaps, but still pretty fair at a chock and log fence, and middling at rolling or with a crutch at the washpool." "Are you married Well, you likes to have your joke, sir; might I ask you for ;' Pipe of tobacco?" "Certainly; but now try and talk sense. Where do you live? what is your trade?" Travellers became a ate at this, and, moreover, the tobacco was not immediately forthcoming. " Where do A u and what is my trade I live here. and this is my trade, and there used to be gentlemen for squatters out here who nr I \ bee a traveller hard up for a pipe, , Yet beat him and badger him with rotten . actions Mumbling and muttering thus u- pointed his swag on his back, horse-collar '. - won, gathered up his billy and pannikin, in 1 "took" the track, fully armed and de ,,; , ,..BI^s 119' soul, Well," said the waiter . its a swagsman, the sort of man member when I was a boy, I haven't seen for forty years. Heisdirty,too,yonsee,and he carries a battered billy, and his trousers have never been washed ; but look at his hair, it is halfway down his back and look at his nails, they are as long as fingers and mortal man since the days of Rip Van Winkle never wore such a beard." Down went the swag again, out streamed the curses. " Look at his nails, and look at his beard, and look at his hair. Oh,-" We can't follow him in his words, but at the end of them he flung down his hat and danced upon it, through the course of which after some of the long black hair flapped round upon his face, and half blinded him. This completed the madness. He fell upon the ground, writhing and groaning, "I've got 'ear, I've got 'em, and undeserved I swear it, undeserved." The master dismounted and put A band upon him, " Stand up, lad, and get in the track ; we'll wash you and feed you, and make? you decent, but mad or sane I can't uncieiSkiiul your hair and nails," " No understanding' any thing," said the traveller, and needs must when the devil drives, with which he once more gathered his wardrobe and kitchen utensils and mounted the truck. The men on board headed homeward, master and men followed, and the quaint procession moved along. Half-a-dozen cottage doors opened as they passed, and women with children came out to stare at the wonder. Pleasant as strange looked the cottages to him, near places with verandas and vines, and vegetables and flowers in the gardens ; a pipe running from the main water channel to the door, and everything fresh and bright as the children's faces. At length they reached the terminus, alongside the main entrance to the house. The master bade the traveller dismount, and led him in, then went to the telephone, and rung up in haste the town of Copper. "Tell Dr. Brown to come down here in a hurry, and he can bring down the newspaper man if he likes ; there is a case for both of them. Dr. Brown arrived in due course, and with him the newspaper man. The former was puzzled, the latter simply true to his trade, in evidence of which we here publish a special report which appeared in the Copper Times upon the 20th May, 2004 "A REMARKABLE DISCOVERY. " (BY OUR SPECIAL CORRESPONDENT.) "We were summoned by telephone yesterday to the station of Mr. Andrew James at Brigalow, and taking a special electric train in company with Dr. Brown hurried down. It was a little past noon when we arrived, but Mr. James, expecting us, had refreshment ready, and insisted upon our partaking before considering the case. He said it was rather interesting than dangerous, and so it proved. Strengthened and refreshed by the generously prepared and courteously bestowed refreshment, we shortly proceeded to an out- building, where, guarded by two gardeners and a homestead man, was the strangest being it has ever been our lot to behold. A man with hair fully 2ft. long, with nails extending at least an inch beyond the ex- tremities, of his fingers, not particularly old, but sunburnt and careworn and horribly dirty. His clothes, as his body, seemed strange to any proper process of ablution. Questioning him, he seemed rational after a sort, peaceably disposed, and contented with a good supply of food and tobacco. The doctor made a somewhat minute examination, but could discover no pronounced symptom of madness. He was simply labouring under the remarkable hallucina- tion that he was living in a remote age. In answer to a straightforward question he said he believed the rear to be 1883, and, singularly enough, the madness so far mastered him that he realised fully and graphically what may be termed the general historical facts of 1884. We tried him about the house first, and found telephones, electric force, and all our modern appliances were things of which he had but the most rudimentary knowledge. We bade him call through the telephone to Copper, and when, in usual course, the answer was made he was utterly incredulous, nor did our efforts at persuasion have a good effect. 'Try yourself,' said Mr. James, and he tried in this style Know Ben Johnson ?' ' "Where ?' was the answer. At the Travellers' Rest.' Not known.' 'Who has got it then?' Don't know. 'Where is the best place to get a cheap night's loss?' The lockup.' He showed symptoms of madness at that reply in an outburst of mediaeval blasphemy, which I fear will lower the good repute of the people of Brigalow. Not caring to experi- ment further with the telephone, Mr. James proposed to ride round the place and anticipating some entertainment from our original but Jain speaking friend, we agreed. It is always pleasant to pass an afternoon at Brigalow, for despite the intensely dry season, things are so ordered that not the faintest trace of distress is seen. It is not necessary to waste space with the well- known features of the homestead, or the spleudidly-cultivated paddocks immediately surrounding it. Our long-haired friend said he supposed " some swell must have started a stud farm, but he must be leagued with the old fellow to make green- stuff grow that way in the back blocks." The sorghum and lucerne and Bokhara clover are, indeed, enough to provoke wonderment, particularly when it is remembered that the fittest rain fell in October last ; but green crops in small paddocks are small marvels by comparison with those which follow. We crossed a couple of miles of bare country, eaten down at the last shearing, and never started since, and upon the New Hope rise came to the Currajong plantation, now for the first time coming into use. At a cost of 16 per acre. Mr.. James put down three 100-acre plantations of these trees, thirteen, ten and nine years ago. He is now making an inroad upon the splendid beauty of the first under pressure of what we trust may be temporary need. This plantation is two miles long, and fringes three paddocks, There are about 100 trees to the acre, and it is calculated that each tree top contains at least 30cwt. of good nutritious food, half of which may be cut without damaging the trees. Thus each acre contains twenty-five tons of available feed, and the single plantation 2500 tons, sufficient feed for 5000 sheep for four months ; but as the boughs rapidly sprout again, this cannot be taken as their maximum capability. It is probable that the one plantation would feed 10,000 sheep till the rains which, whatever the winter may bring forth, will surely fall in the spring. Sheep, however, do not live well on Currajong alone, and so after three or four days about the plantation they are crossed over to the carrot paddocks, a subdivided block of 2000 acres, over which Mr. James has succeeded in acclimatising the native carrot. This useful root makes very little show above ground, but a few inches down produces an immense crop of succulent tubers. The surface is broken by a power cultivator, and the sheep, taught by necessity, do the rest for themselves. Our wild man was, as may be supposed, much astonished at all these things. Of the Currajong.?, he said it reminded him of an easy time he had once on the creek country above Brewarrina, cutting mulga, and furthermore declared that there was nothing like a dry time to bring squatters to their bearings. He remembered in '06 making the biggest cheque he ever busted,' picking wool from dead sheep. 1886, we need not remind our readers, is either thirty-two years ahead or seventy eight years behind. We progressed, however, and, after another mile or two of wilderness, estate upon the euphoniously name Dead Dog F\ it-the one v in the ground whereon Mr Tim us does equally will, however the run falls of the wind blows Upon this is it a dead level of 600 acres have been discovered twenty arrest m wells, each yielding not less than a thousand gallons of water per hour over) drop of this is, by a splendid system of is recitation, spread upon the hut me of the ground, not an acre but gets a booking at least once a week, and thus not an acre but sends up its green growth of lucerne with such magical i rapidity as to keep at least a dozen sheep And just on the using ground all about this flat, securely) fenced and protected from fire, and so I used on non piles as to be cle it of all vermin, are a hundred stacks of hay, taken off the flat two years ago, when all the stock were tolling fit upon the native pastures That may come I in through the winter, 01 may be used for fattening, 01 even held for another drought It is as charming a scene as could be imagined Rivers of running water in a green pi lee and ill around i bombie desert, for ending this if it are about 20 000 acres of ridges and scrub lands, good grass country in wet weather, but absolutely. worthless now But w water is not a scarce commodity anywhere There are upon the station upwards of 500 wells i fourth of them overflows And also Mr James his shares in the various great reservoirs, and one lace from the flesh water was brought in by the Irrigation Company, from the Darling We had a tolerably long mile from the Dehad Dog and the live lucerne to the silos, where Mr James is now fattening the bulk of his store stock Splendid management has been shown in the filling of these silos, and they are ill crowded on three meagre plots of ground three successive flats, besides an old sandy creek, each with an unlimited depth of good black soil, and convenient for irrigation The three together are not more than sixty acres, yet from them within three j ei s 2000 tons of gt een feed have been taken and stored in the silos The in is filled with a pie is mt S Sgt men about the wool trade silos opened, md in a small paddock adjoining 100 bullocks, are putting on beef spree They come in in fair condition but in a month he topped for md will top the Sydney market Mr James his expended money) over these silos but it is ill coming b look to him. He will fatten 1000 bullocks before spring, and he will draw £10,000 cash for them Our long haired friend tells of a time when 10,000 dead bullocks were counted on the Namoi between Pilliga and Walgett md the towns were decimated by typhoid fever caused by foul ut mci pull id with Of course our le ideas have lead of those thing-, but this strange fellow speaks is from pet sonal exper fence, and is if they w e e matters of esters it We left the silos for the reserve paddocks, a well fenced md well watered 10,000 acres, with a three years Otov\tli of salt bush cotton bush, kangaroo and nailed grass topping the fences A ridge divides the scene md on one side is chiefly herbage md the \ mons nuts tions bushes, on the other grass About 1000 cattle the browsing on the former of these reserves, and all the space station horses The other is as yet untouched, unit is a source of some anxiety to the pro pi tell Our friend of the marvellous memories puts it linger alongside his nose as he sees this terribly combustible paddock, and says ' rations must be good for travellers at the home station, or that would go to under shortly,' and then he goes on to tell a tale of how one-eyed Scotty clewed up old Billy Budge on the Murrumbidgee in the year'' well, what year? he will not say what year, but asks curiously enough if we take him for a " square-head or a fool ?' Tin's dead food contains but little attention in its present state ; it is dry as dust from crown to earth sale. Mr. James says it will come right with only a little shower of rain ; green feed will spring tap through a, and the cattle will eat it well down. At present he keeps a patrol about to warn all people oil'. It would burn like gunpowder if touched by the flame of a single match. He is not in love with this system of storage, and purposes to extend the silo system, cutting and slowing even the coarse native grasses, which experience has told him will stand the ferment and laid out good feed. The length of time the fodder will keep if hermetically sealed has not yet been ascer- tained but trials in more eastern countries have found ten-year old stuff good enough and a ten years' store is sufficient surely for the outer district of Copper county. It is pleasant enough to skirts of course that Mr. James, though it right worthy example, is by no means an exception among the long leaseholders of the Copper county. He may be an honourable exception in one respect, which is his singular openness upon what some men of a more churlish disposition regard as close business secrets. He tells us that of his thirty-five years' lease he has yet twenty to run that good year with bad year, he can carry 30,000 sheep and 2000 cattle that from them he can make a clear profit, after liberal allowances for improvements, of 3000 per annum that the half this sum pays all bills, and the balance will portion all his children, and perform those duties of charity which fall to every man's share. It was pleasant to mark his grand face glow as we rode side by side in the evening light, even to burn as he denounced the cruel and wicked lie that Australian pastoral land would, under any circumstances, yield great surplusage that it was against God, and murder to the brute creation for any man to roll in luxury in Europe, or for the matter of that in any of our own great cities, leaving his stock to accumulate in good seasons and perish miserably in the bad. ' And we know, he says, those cases, though rare now, were frequent enough in the old days, whereof that poor wretch jabbering behind seems an actual ghost, here are, horrid phantom, orshade. Certainly the Government was bad, bad or mad, I know not which. They seemed to lack everything that goes to make legislators. As I read their history I really cannot see that they were much better than the black race they deposed or view. They asked me to honour some amongst their pioneers, and amongst the actual founders of the State some I see worthy of honour, but immediately following them came many in whom the natural savage dom of the land seemed dominant-but I brought you to see my wild man, not to preach, and more, we are home.' " And, now, mister, I have followed you up and down this new fangled run for the best of the day, and I reckon I'm shipped, and if I might make so bold, would you order me some rations, and put me on the track of a hut. By the time I've baked a johnny cake, it will be well dark.' Thus our wild man. We looked at him, his hair, his beard, his nails ; we listened to his voice ; we tried to makesomesense out of his words ; the doctor asked to see his tongue, whereupon he expressed intentions upon the doctor's river, but was appeased when told that he might get food from the kitchen and sleep in the coach-house that night. When we last saw him he was most uncomfortably bestowed in an old red blanket, but sleeping the sleep of the innocent, and apparently reconciled to fate. It's very difficult to account for him to determine if he is some cunning rogue or possibly some lunatic escaped from a distant asylum, who has been in hiding for a long time in some of the unused country. But how could he obtain water? to lie shown near any of the wells he could' have been seen, and people are living and seem, to all the greater reservoirs. And then even if he had been in hiding for many months, could he have developed such an, enormous growth of hair and beard and fingernails? The finger iiailsseemtheone impenetrable mystery ; they appear to indicate a longpertodof perfect quiescence-aRip Van Winkle sleep. But where ? Common-sense revolts at such an absurd hypothesis. In a later edition we will present our readers with an accurate portrait of the creature and his strange belongings ; also, if he be talkative with the results of a second interview. ' F. M." 