GEOFFRY STIRLING BrMss. LHITH ADAMS. PART in.—CHAPTER EXILED. XV. If Hilda had lost a mother, she had found an elder sister. Amid the desolation of her own home, another home had opened to her. The Vicar and his gentle wife liad taken her to the vicarage, and there told her that henceforth, until a nearer, dearer claim should wind about her heart and life, there should her home and shelter be. The niche fitted her so well, and she it, that in a marvellously short time it almost seemed to her as though she had been an inmate of that quiet, happy home for years instead of for days only. Her mind grew full of wonder at the surpassing wealth of tenderness the world holaB for those who mourn, and who are surrounded by true and loving hearts. If she were Dr. Turtle's own child could he be more tender to her, more watchful over her, more thoughtful in his ministrations to her bodily needs ? If Davey were her own brother could he be more careful over her, more frankly, beautifully kind? Then there were Mr. and Mrs. Geddes who came to see her one evening just as the dusk was closing in, and-who sat, one on either side, speaking softly, and evidently regarding Mas ter Ralph's betrothed as a something unspeakably precious and sacred. Even Lady Boscawen's high nose and magnificent manner held no terrors for Hilda, since she saw a tear tickle down the former and the latter was toned down to-ain unwonted gentleness. " So yon are going to marry Ralph, one of these days," said her ladyship, not without a little gulpiness of voice; "and goinpr to live abroad? Well, my dear, I dare say it is better so for a time ; but I know I should have grown very fond of you, and I'm sorry to lose you. So is Den by, I assure you. It is only his way to put on a bouncing sort of manner when his feelings ore touched. I really must ask you to look upon him with my eyes, which are used to him, my dear; and can read him through and through." At which Denby looked very uncomfoi table, and more bouncing'* than ever; for he had been beating his brain as to what to say to this pale-cheeked maiden, and had had ids toil for nothing, so full was he of good intentions, and so clumsy in carrying them out. " She looks as if she had seen a ghost, and couldn't get it out of her mind," he said as he and his wife drove home together. "It was your brusque manner frightened her," said Lady Boscawen, leaning back in the carriage majestically, but longing to get home that she might have a " good cry." It had been a sad blow to her to learn that Ralph Stirling was going to travel in foreign lands once more, instead of settling down at the Dale with bis bride. She fancied such conduct betrayed a want of confidence in herself, and in her will to float Hilda serenely on the waters of county society. She was hurt with Ralph, but when she tried to reason with Mm he seemed to slip out of her hold, setting her remonstrances aside with a tender determination, even when most grateful for her interest in him and iu Hilda. After the storm the calm. So it was with Hilda Devenant. The hush, the rest of Alicia's happy home were beyond measure solacing to that poor tired heart. The atmosphere of perfect love and fympathy ia which her mental consciousness now breathed held all the grace of healing. Love, too, taught her courage. He who loved her so well—had he not cruelly suffered ? Was he not, even now, wading through deepest waters of Marah ? What, then, was her sacred office ? To comfort, to sustain him in the bitter straggle for the right which now lay before him. She learned with an ecstacy of thankfulness that the flowers that he had laid on the pillow beside her dead mother were messengers of peace and pardon, that he bore no bitter hatred, cherished' nit vindictive resentment to the tortured, misguided woman who had wrought snch evil for him and his, and had striven so hard to make his life barren and' broken. Even where he could not justify he could forgive; where he must perforce condemn he couldpity. "We snail have an anxious time of it together, dear," he said one gloaming-time, wnen the two' Were alone together in the pretty vicarage drawing-room; " a wearing T and amdons'tame ot it. Better together than separate," she Baid, smiling;- - •The dark rings of sorrow and weeping still encircled her eyes. She looked snch a slender creature in her deep black robes ! Her face had grown white and small; the fall rounded contour of ^-the eheek had somewhat fallen, and the mouth at rest was sad. ' But what a brave true soul looked out at him from her eyes ; what an exquisite tenderness chaBed the sadness from ner lips as they smiled upon him tremblingly, or met his own in a parting kiss! How should he have borne his sorrows without her ? What v ould life be to him bereft of her ? " People will not wonder much at our taking to a wandering life," he said; " I have always been a restless kind of fellow, as Lady Boticawen said to me to-day; and you are willing to follow my altered fortunes, sweetheart, are not you ?" "Willing?" she said. "Oh, Ralph! I have lived alone with such dread fears—I have companied with my own weary aching heart through such dark hours of pain—that it seems like heaven, my darling, to know that never again—never as long as we shall have life together, shall I know what it is to be alone again!" And so, with weeping that was laughter, and laughter that was weeping, she cast herself into the arms that held her with a fond and hungry grip—then fell to abject weeping, amid a perfect storm of little catching sobs, over her darling's cruel fate. " Oh, my IOVB, my love !'' she cried, "my exile, driven from home and country; my poor boy, sent adrift with only me to comfort him—my banished darling !" " Banished ?" he answered, " exiled ? What folly are you talking, love ? How can a man be banished when he takes all his world with him ?" Then they grew calmer: talked of all Ralph's plans aDd difficulties; of how old Anthony was toiling to carry oijt his master's wishes ; of poor Nurse Prettyman, entreating with tears to be allowed " go follow" the two into a new world and a new life; of a great hospital that one day should arise amid the growing population of Becklington, as a refuge for the sick and suffering; of a new Church and schools : of all the mighty works of charity that should be (though the world should know it not) but works of restitution and expiation. — " Then, in time, 1 shall sell the Dale,* : said Ralph, and a shadow passed across his face. Had he not built castles in that old home of his; and now—were they not tumbling about his ears? But a Hilda put her arms about his neck, and kissed away the sadness. "Yon know! have something of my own, Ralph—all that poor old uncle Lemaire left me,' she said ; " we can add mine to yours, and then we sna'n't be quite poor," she added, with an adorable air of mingled triumph and tenderness. " Poor!" cried Ra'ph, radiant, as catching the reflection of her hopefulness ; "how can we be anything but rich as lang as we have each other?" Which was, of course, the soundest logic, and not to be confuted by all the learning of the schools. FUNEBAL OF TEE LATE MB HESN- IS-C.— The funeral of the late Mr. R. W. E. Henning, M.P:, took place on Wednesday afternoon, November 26. The deceased gentleman was buried in the West terrace Cemetery, and a large number of persons attended at the grave to pay their last tribute of respect. The cortdge was a long one, consisting of over fifty vehicles, in addition to three mourning coaches and the hearse. The burial service was conducted by the Rev. D. Paton, M.A. Among those present were Messrs. F. Henning, A. Henning, R. Henning, C. Henning, and M. Henning (sons), Messrs. H. Pelzer, L. Maraun, and O. Ziegler (brothers-inlaw), Pelzer, jun., Maraun, jun., and Ziegler, jun. (2), (nephews). Hon. R. D. Ross (Speaker of the House of Assembly), Hon. J. Colton (Chief Secretary), Hon. T. Playford (Commissioner of Public Works), Hon. W. B. Rounsevell (Treasurer), The Hons. J. B. Spence, W. Sandover, J. G. Ramsay, J. Pearce, J. Crozier, A. B. Murray, G. W. Cotton, W. D. Glyde, members of the Legislative Council; and the following members of the House of Assembly:—Hon. J. C. Bray, Messrs. F. Basedow. T. King. F. Krichauff, R. Rees, H. E. Downer, W. H. Beaglehole, A. Hardy, E. T. Smith, F. Bucknall, E. W. Hawker, E. Ward, A. Catt, G. D. Green, R. Homburg, L. L. Furner, J. Bagot, J. Moule, P. B. Coglin, J. H. Howe, A. Harvey, and J. H. Bagster, and Dr. Cockbuin ; the Rev. F. S. Poole, M.A., Hon. C. Mann (Crown Solicitor), Hon. L. Glyde, Mesers. E. Cooke, J.P., and A. Heath, J.P. (Commissioners of Audit), Mr. H. C. E. Muecke, J.P. (German Consul), Messrs. T. Bruce and G. S. Aldridge (partners of deceased). Dr. Rees (Mayor of Hindmarsb). Mr. J. Bath (Secretary Minister of Education), Mr. William JoliDstone (Clerk Local Conrt), Councillors Rounsevell, Messrs. A. D. Handyside. J. P. Stow, J.P.,D. McCaUum, J.P., W.R. Wiglev, J.P., H. D. O'Halloran, T. Johnson, and W. fl. Charaock, J.P., and others. 