GEOFFREY ^ STIRLING. BT MES. LKITH ADAMS. PART IL—CHAPTER IV. (Oontina^d.) Meanwhile, at Dale End, thinRB had been coing badly. They had not gone so remarkably well before the Bank robbery that they could afford to take a worse tarn after. Yet it seemed as if a cloud of Ill-fortune, darker and denser than any that had preceded it, fell upon the old squire and hiB household as a melancholy sequel to the losses he then .sustained. The "beautiful fellow," with 4he star shining on his breast, whom little Ralph loved to look upon, the son and heir •of the ancient house of Ashby, went from bad po worse, dragging down with him the fortunes of his kith ana kin. Idle days and iroystering nights followed each other in_ fell ; anoecssion. rinding Becklington too limited W area for his debaucheries, the unhappy yotmg fellow betook himself to London, ' there plunged into the, wildest excesses, and was rescued "bythe scrdff :6'his neck,"as Farmer Date put it, by theJEamily solicitor, but not without heavy mortgaging of the family acres, and considerable dipping into the family coffers. " He was high beta' sent over the high seas -^transported, as I hear," said the chief •constable, speaking as one versed in criminal records, and ghoke full of trials, sentences, &&d; such Uke. " If Td ha' been f oold. squoire, Fdh&'Iet him transported,'^ kitt Fatmer Dale ; . it 'u d ha 1 done liiln good to work for his yictu»Uonoein_away, and I tell you what it'ia—tfould equaire'a a noisy chap, and && bellow as load ss my shorthorn bull (put trat, trat bra heart's breakin' same aB if he Tfrer' t' peakiest . d felly i* Becklingtou—aye, that for Miss Alice, she's aa like her UITL cwn ghoet as two peaa, and when I hear her m Thy peace,' of a Sunday •norhin' along wi* the rest of us, I'm ready to £hoke o^er; the {next Amen, thtnkm' of her poor, waa face as she pravs for what the Lord Jias aet far from her. Ays, but it's a good thing, and a thing to make glad over, as t' tod's mother lies where the ill words spoke of herboy coima reach her!" r "Xraly l BUch ill words were man>; even Dr. Turtle [who as the family physician at The Dale felibound to make the best of everytone" in consequence. At last, coming from no • one 'knew where, and originating with no •one knew whom, a strange suspicion crept about, and in and out, and into this house «nd that, that Squire Ashby's son had had some hand in the Bank robbery. ' Such 'an idea - was never, mooted openiy; never ducuBsed in conclave at the Safe Retreat; talked- over across counters, or 4 1 across the walnuts and the wine;" but it vit' hinted at with bated breath, and when xiest Sir Roland's son- visited hotne no cap was lifted as he passed through the streets of Seckwigton, ana Jake was so engrossed with bis cdbWing when the young squire bid him "good day" that he forgot to return the salutation. " Tai^ie," Bald the object of these slights to the family doctor, " wnat the devil do the townsfolk mean by such conduct—eh ? That little weasle, Jake the cobbler, made believe lie didn't Me me to-day, and when. I went into the bar of The Safe Retreat last Saturday, this place emptied like a cask with a hole in it. But Dr. Turtle having no explanation to give, could only bow and take a pinch out of bis silver box. How the rumour In question reached the «an of Sir Roland himself no one knew, but xeach them it did, and Miss Alicia, coming into the gunroom found the poor old fellow sitting by the table with his face buried in his hands. The poor woman, frightened and trembling, came to his side, and laid her hand upon his shoulder. The ; cruel story had made its way to her, and, as ahe sat in the old square pew in the «hancel ! of a Sunday,' die scarce dare raise her eyes '.from the book in her hand, and 'could only raise her heaxt in prayer to the heaven that seemed so far away, and the God who seemed to have forgotten ner. Now it came upon her like a blow to see that her father too knew of that silent accusation. " Father," she stud, bending down to him tenderly—" dad—what is it f Re raised his head, lifting to hers the haggard eyes that were full of mingled wrath and pain. "It's this, my girl, he said, bringing his fist down upon the table like a sledgehammer: "Irs this—I wish yon and I were out of this d d place never to set footin it again 1" And theix Sir Roland broke out crying like a child. It is often just when our cup of sorrow seems full to the brim, that God's hand ours in the drops that causes it to over- £ Hardly had these days of trouble passed over the heads of Alicia and her father, when news came of fresh evil wrought by the hand of the brother and son. The family solicitor rushed up north, and, when he returned south, Sit Roland went •with him. Alicia,' more than ever like her own ghost, wandered about in the beautiful terraced gardens, and under the spreading trees around her desolate home. She was not alwayB <done. Ofttimes manly voice strove to comfort her anxiety— a manly hand clasped hers with a touch .that seemed to hold the gift not only of comfort but of stri For eight long years the vicar of the square towered church—he whom little Ralph so envied as being the owner of the rookery and rooks—had loved Alicia Ashby ; for eight long years had Alicia Ashby loved him. The vicar was a handsome, genial divine, hearty of voice, genial of nature—a man who loved to ride across country in top-boots and spurs, and yet could be gentle as the gentlest beside a sick bed or when called upon to minister to a mind diseased. His curly locks, slightly grizzled at the temples, clustered about a square and noble brow; his smile disclosed teeth white as ivory; his eyes looked all men fearlessly in the face, yet could soften with infinite pity when they rested on the sufferzng or the sinfuL For eight years he had played countless games of dominoes with Squire Ashby, while Alice, moving softly about the room here and there, made nim feel as though music were in the air, making the whole world sweet, When he said to her (it was one evening under the big cedar on the lawn ; Sir Roland had fallen asleep after dinner, with his bandanna over his head and a perfectly unsusheart ucuif in Ui ills his breast), UL*>aai//f " 1 J- love you— /uu inbiuig but—is there any need to tell you that £ do, Alice?" she had laid her hand in his, and, raising eyes that shone lambent in the dusk of the shadowy tree, said simply— " There was no need to tell me what I knew, Cuthbert, and yet I like to hear it. It is wrong and selfish of me to like it, all the same; for though I love you dearly (is there any need to tell you that I do ?) I cannot leave my father, or set any one before him in mylife. Then came a silence which Alicia broke— " And you," Bhe said softly, " what will you do?" " Wait," he answered, touching the hand he held with lips that trembled ever so little, for all his voice had been so firm, and brave, and stedfast. How many tears had Alicia shed since that dear time ? Poor eyes, they scarce could shine out in the dusk now like they did then—so •dim were they with weary vigils full of fear -and dread! As for the vicai he was waiting Btili. Not mopingly, bat with as good a grace as he did everything else; riding as hard, working as hard, preaching the Bame pithy practical sermons as ever, and with no more tangible companion in nir vicarage than a dreamwoman who moved about the empty rooms with the same dainty grace as Alicia Ashby, stood beside his chair of an evening, or came to meet him at the ivy-covered doorway when he returned from a long day's ride after the hounds, smiling a welcome with shadowy lips and the lambent eyes that had looked into his beneath the cedar-tree so Ions; ago. Now that troublous days and dark had come to Alicia, the heart of her patient lover clave unto her more tenderly than ever. What hand draws heart to heart so closely as that of sorrow ? (2*0 bt continued.) 