RUBENSTEIN'S PIANOFORTE-PLAYING. (re-published by request.) The following amusing but vory graphic de scription of Rubenstein's wonderful performances on the pianoforte appears in thereto YorkCUpper under the titlo of ' Jud. Brown's Account of ' Jud., they say you heard Rubonstein play when you were in. New York V 'I did in the cool.' ' Well, tell us about it.' ' What ! me ! I might's woll toll you about the creation of tho world.' ' Come, now ; no mock modesty. Go ahead.' ' Well, sir, he had the blamedest, biggest, cattycorneredest pianner you ever laid eyes on — somethin' like a distracted billiard-table on three legs. The lid was hoisted, and mighty well it was. If it hadn't been he'd a-tore the intire insides clean out and scattered them to the four winds of heaven.' 'Played well, did he?' ' You bet ha did ; but don't interrupt me. When he first set down he 'peared to keer mighty little 'bout playin', and wisht he 'hadn't come. He tweodle-leedled a little on the trible and twoodle-oodle- oodled something on the bass — just foolin' and boxin' the thing's jaws for bein' in his way. An' I says to a man sittin' next to me, s' I : ' What sort of fool playin' is that V And ho says : ' Heish !' But presently his hands commenced chasin' one nuther up and down the keys, like a passel of rats scamperin' through a garret very swiftly. Parts of it was sweet, though, and reminded me of a sugar squirrel turnin' the wheel of a candy cage. ' ' Now,' I says to my neighbour, ' he's show ing off. He thinks he's a-doin' of it, but he aint got no idee — no plan nothin'. If he'd play me up a tune of some kind or other I'd — But my neighbour says, ' Heish I' very impatient. ' I was just about to get up and go home, bein' tired of that foolishness, when I heard a little bird waking up away off in the woods, and calling sleepylike to his rnate, and I looked up and I saw that Rubensteiri was beginnin' to take some interest in hjs business, and I set down agin. The music began to make pictures for me faster than you could shake a stick ; to tell tales like the story, books, and to start all sorts of feelin's — it just toted me like I was a child whenever it pleased; and showed me all kinds of things that is, and things that isn't and couldn t never be. It was the peep o day. The light came faint from the east, the breeze blowod gentle and iresh, some more birds waked up in the orchard, then some more in the trees near the house, and all begun singin' together. People began to stir, and the gal opened the shutters. Just then the first beam fell upon the blossoms ; a leetle more and it tetcht the roses on the bushes, and the next thing it was broad day. The sun fairly blazed ; the birds sang like they'd, burst their little throats ; all the leaves was movin' and flashin' diamonds of dew, and the whole wide world was bright and happy as a king. Seemed to me like there was a good break fast in every house in the land, and not a sick child or woman anywhere. It was a fine mornin'. ? ' And I says to my neighbour : ' That'B music — that is.' ? ; ' But he glared at me like he'd like to cut my throat. ?.'.'?? ? ' ' ' ? 'Presently the wind turned; it begun to thicken up, and a kind of gray mist came over things. I got low- spereted d'rectly. Then a silver rain began to fall. I could see the drops touch the ground ; some flashed up like long pearl earrings, and the rest rolled away like round rubies. It was pretty, but melancholy. Then the pearls gathered themselves into long strands and necklaces, and then they melted into thin silver streams running between golden gravels, and then the streams joined each other at the bottom of the hill and made a brook that flowed silent,- except that you could kinder see the music, specially when the bushes on the banks moved as the music went along down the valley. I could smell the flowers in tho meadow. But the sun didn't shine nor the birds sing ; it was a foggy day, but not cold. The most curious thing, though, was the little white angel boy — like you see in pictures, — that run ahead of the musical brook, and led it on and on, away out of the world, where no man ever was — J never was, certain. I could see that boy just as plain as I can see you. Then the moonlight came, without any sunsot, and shone on the graveyard, where some few ghosts lifted up their hands and went over the wall, and between the black, sharp-top trees splendid houses rose up, with fine ladies in the lit-up windows, and men that loved 'em, but could never get a-nigh 'em, and played on guitars under the trees, and made me that miserable I could a-cried, because I wanted to love somebody I don't know who, better than the men with guitars did. Then the sun went down, it got dark, the wind moonod and wept like a lost child for its mother, and I could a-got lip then and thar and preached a better sermon than any I ever listened to. There wasn't a thing in the world left to live for, not a blame thing ; and yet L aidn t want that music to stop one bit. It was happier to be miserable than to be happy without being miserable. I couldn't understand it. I hung my head and pulled out my handkerchief, and blowed my nose loud to keep from cryin'. My eyes is weak, anyway. I didn't want anyone to bp a-gazin' at me a snivelling, and it's nobody's business what I do with my nose. It's mine. But some several glared at me, mad as Tucker. 'Thenj all of a sudden, old Ruben changed his tune. He ripped an' he rar'd, he tipped and tar'd, he pranced and he charged, like the grand entry at a circus. 'Peared to me that all the gas in? the house was turned on at once, things got bo bright, and I hilt up my head, ready to look any man in the face and not afeard of nothin'. It was a circus and a brass band and a big ball, all going on at the same time. He hit into them keys like a thousand of bricks; he give 'em no rest, day nor night ; he set every livinfjint in me a-goin' ; and not being able to stand it no longer, I jumpt sprang into my soat and just hollered.: , ., ? ' ' Go it, my Rube !' 'Every blamed man, woman, and child in the Iioub riz on me and shouted : ' ? Put him out ! put him out !' ''Put your great grandmother's grizzly gray-greonish cat into the middle of next month !' I says. . 'Tech me if you dar ! I paid my money and you just come a-nigh mo !' ' With that some Bevoral p'licemen run up, and I had to simmer, down. But 1 would a-fit any fool that laid hands, for I was bound to hear Rube out or die. ' He had changed his tune agin. He hop light ladies and tip-toed fine from eend to eend. of tho key-board. He played soft, and low, and solemn. I hoard tho cliurch-boljs ovor tho hills. Tho candles in heaven were lit. One by one Isaw the stars rise ; the great organ of eternity began to play from the world's end to world's end, and all the angels went to prayers. Then the musio changed to water, full of feeling that couldn't be thought, much less told about, and began to drop— drip, ' drop, drin, .drop— clear and swoet, like tears of joy fallin' into a lako of glory. It waB sweeter than; that. It was as sweet as a sweetheart sweetenin' sweetness with white 8U gar mixt with powderod silver and oood diamonds. It was too sweet. I tell yon the audience cheered. Ruben he kinder bowed liko he wanted to say, 'Much obleeged, but I'd rather you wouldn't interrupt mo.' ' He stopt a minute or two to fetch breath. Thon lie got mad. He run his lingers through his hair, he shoved up his coat sleeves, he opened his coat tails a little further, he drug up his stool, he leaned ovor, and, sir, he just went for that old pianor. Ho slapt her face, he boxod her jaw, he pulled her nose, he pinched her oars, and ho scratched her cheeks till sho t fairly yolled. Ho knockt hor down and ho stampt on her shameful. She bellowed like a bull, and she bleated like a calf, she howled like a hound, she squealed like a pig, she shrieked like a rat,- and then he wouldn't let her up. He run a quarter-stretch down the low grounds of the base till he got clean into the bowels of the earth, and you heard thunder galloping after thunder through the hollows and caves of per dition ; and then ho fox-chased his right hand with his left till he got away out of the trible into the clouds, where tho notes were finer than the pints of cambric needles, and you couldn't hear nnthin' but the shadders. And then he wouldn't lot the pianner go. He for'ard two'd, ho crost over first gentleman, he crost over first i lady, he balanced to pards, ho chassado right and left, back to your places, he all hands'd aroun', 'ladies to the riu;ht, promenade all, in and out, here and thar, back and forth, up and down, perpetual motion, double and twisted and tied and tacked and tangled into forty-'levon , thousand double bow-knots. By jings ! it was a. mixtery. And then he wouldn't let the old pianner go. He f etcht up his right wing, he fetcht up his left wing, he fetoht up his centre, - he fetcht up his reserves. He fired by file, ho fired by platoons, by company, by regiments, by brigades. He opened his cannons, siegeguns down thar, Napoleons here, twelve-pounders yonder, big guns, little guns, middle-size guns, round shot, shells, shrapnells, grape, canisters, mortars, mines, and magazines, every livin' , battery and bomb a-goin' at the same time. The house trimbled, the lights danced, the walls shuk, the floor came up, the ceilin' come down, ; the sky split,' the ground rockt ; heaven and earth, creation, sweet potatoes. Moses, nine- . pences, glory, tenpenny nails, my Mary Ann, hallelujah sweet C»sar, in a 'simmon tree» Jeeroosal'm, Tump TompBon in a tumbler-cart, . roodle-oodle-oodle-oodle — ruddle-uddle-uddle — uddle-uddle — raddle-addle-addle-addle-addle — . , riddle-iddle-iddle-iddle- iddle-reetle-eetle-eetle — eetle-eetle-eetle — p-r-r-r-r-r-lang ! p-r-r-r-r-r- ; lang ! per lang ! per plang ! p-r-r-r-r-r-lang ! . Bang ! ' With that bang ! he- lifted himself boldly into the air, and he came down with his knees, his ten fingers, his ten toes, his elbows and his noBe, striking every single, solitary key on that pianner at the same time. The thing busted, and went off into seventeen hundred and fifty seven thousand five hundred and forty-two hemi demi-semi-quivers', and I know'd no mo'. ' When I come to 1 were underground about 20 foot, in a place they call Oyster Bay, treatin' a Yankee that I never laid eyes on before, and never expect to agin. Day was a-breaking by the time I got to the St. Nicholas Hotel, and I pledge you my word I didn't know my name. The man aBked me the number of my room, and I told him, ' Hot musio on the half shell for two !' I pintedly did. ' 