ECHOES OF MEELUO URNE. (By Tnn GtnosT.) The Budget Speech has been delivered by thd ?cwesprer. Its chief merit, sooth to say, lay ii l'lbrevity, for Mr. Service onlytook a little over iti hoar and a half to unfold his financial ; policy fur the twelvomonth upon which we have jusit- from an official point of view-entered. It mnay safely be asserted that the proposals of the Government satisfy neither: their friends nor their opponents. It was gener ally supposed that in deference to the almost unanimously expressed wish of the f .?ntry, M1r. Service would have remitted thi dtaiojos stock tax, and have re imposed tlh. Yeaor iutles._ ITo has not, however, touched eltIc.iiio t.eso imposts, but contented himself with, pliing an additional two shillings duty on sp'lite, thtia gaining an amount which is estimated At less than £80,000 per annum, and flnrctving away tlh .4200,000, which was easily diid cheaply collected, and which experience hasd PoVcd not to " rob the poor man of his bds'/" deteriorato the quality of "the British natltddl bbVer gI'" Ior affect any class, save peor?riu the lrqwors, who can well afford the triflinf ndW?idill piymont. He has also let slip the golden opp5'rtunity of conciliating our somewhat sulky Ne S'ct(th' Wales neigh bdurs by abolishing the stoee t?,i which even the most ardent protectionists, dukle vise by experience, find to be beneficial to no one, while interfering in a material uceeco w1in Too raliway receipts or oae ololly, The Treasurer in his anxiety to do i Eoliings6f oijokp e opposition has gone to thle o6tLcr e&t;'em'e f e 1hf s neglected his: opportunities;j a?d phlfown a iUidfity which ill befits the head cf "a' stron'g Goverir: ment;" and it would not' bI going too' faf to say that on Wednesday evening' the first nail was driven into the Ministerial colit; It is a noteworthy fact that during the de bate that the Ministerial propositions evoked the severest things were said by some of the staunchest supporters of the A-dministration; the Opposition-always of cou'r'a xcepting the irrepressible " Colonel " and4 Il pte.ont guide, philoso pher, and friend, ~'.' Mirauis-being apparently quite satisfied to allow the Government to be criticised by thleir quondam friends. These were not slow to " improve theoccasion." Even Mr. Walker owes his seat in some measure to the good uiLaracter 1na1 mir. oervicO gave elm wnen before his constituents, lecturing his patron in good set terms for his faults of omission. The feeling of the country will certainly be one of deep regret 'when the Treasurer's oration has been generally read. To hiui much has been given, and of him muchl has consequently been expected. Mr. Service's budget is much like the crater of Vesuvius, when viewed by Lord Dundreary-" there's nothing in it." Speculation is of course rife in regard to the considerations that actuated tlhe Government in not re-imposing tile beer tar, and the motive most generally tas' cribed for the course 'taken is the fear of offending what is known'as "the publican interest." If this be really true the Ministry have sadly :blundered and have shown themselves incapable of reading the signs of the times. Tusnt n. w tflie tneotaenl no in fhl ascendant, and local optionists are in a large majority, besides being terribly in earnest. Tile Water-drinkero have grown to be a power in the State, irlld it is pretty safe to trdlphesy that wheti the time of the hext' election comes eound most of the successful candidates will be disciples of Rechab, and sport the bhle ribbon iG their button-holes During the week the colony has been en fete, the cause being the arrival of the now Governor, Sir Henry Broughaim Loch. Surely such a reception was never before given to a colonial Viceroy. A fleet of warships to meet him, a gathering of all the notabilities of the land to welcome him at -lunch and pour out libations of champagne before lie touched terra firma, and a crowd lining the streets through which le passed onhis wayto the Treasury to be sworn in, that cheered as only Englishmen can cheer. It is not to be ,e .i a .,4 41...4 1.C r. .. n. .. 1 > al-~r wonUclren an noon iis e, xceiiency i001c05 pleased. Te comes to us under the most favourable auspices. Party feeling is for the nonce dead. The Conservative lion and the Radical lamb are quietly rapo'ing side by side (on the Treasury bench), an; there are no "burning questions" to sact people by the ears, or even the probability of any coming to the front. The only little cloud on the horizon is the intense feeling of disappointment experienced at Lord Derby's vacillation on the question of annexing or protecting New Guinea and tle Polynesian islands, which may portend a coming storm. There is a point beyond which forbearance becomes cowardice, and who knows but what this lesson, which Mr. Gladstone appears incapable of learning, may not be taught England's Premier by a united Australia ? ,It is rumoured that the military are, at t.1ln lnrlo nff fhn "Mnlhnlim.n r/"??n,^ne;nn tf, receive a Roland for an Oliver. At the levee recently hold by the Acting-Gover nor, the holders of colonial commissions were, in the order of precedence, placed before the civic dignitaries of the City Council. It is said that at the approach ing Mayoral ball, Victorian uniforms will be conspicuous by their absence. A militia officer be given the place of honour in preference to an alderman ! Perish the thought! Nothing but the. exclusion. of the offenders from the festive. hall can salvo the wounded dignity of the City Iegistrar, the hair of whose barristerial wig has stood on end with horror, and whose staff gown has bristled like the quills upon the fretful porcupine ever since in reply to lis remonstrance on the subject he was informed by the Acting- Governor's Secro tary that the army ranked above the civic representatives of "the queen city of the South." Apropos of offended dignity, one is re minded of an episode which culminated in the infliction of a fine of twenty shillings and costs on an official 'in the Victorian Railways, by the magistrate at the City Police Court. Mr. Lavater, the accountant of the department, evidently desires that all who approach him should do so with "bated. breath and whispered 'humble ness." A gentleman having business with him neglected to remove his hat, and forth with the offending couvre-chef was knockel off, and the unmannered one taken by the shoulders and turned out of the office. Evidently Mr.Lavater is not such a good judge of character as his celebrated name sake, otherwise in a democratic community such, as .ours he would long since have learned that politeness is not inculcated in the State schools of the colony; that the twopence extra' for manners is not a charge on Victorian parents,'wl9 generally try to impress upon tleir. offspring that Jack is not only as good as his master, but is in fact a little better, and that there is really no divinity hedging even so -im portant an official as a railway accountant. Perhaps he will now realise these facts. The Rentoul-M'Culloch quarrel is a very pretty one as it stands. People are enquiring whether it is, however, to be allowed to rest at its present stage. There is a strange perversion of the truth some where. Sir James TMCulloch positively asserts that in order to gratify a feeling of potty spite, the reverend gentleman caused the alteration of an inscription on tlh tombstone of his dead godson. The Rov. Mr. Rentoul, in a long letter, takes care -not to deny the accusition, but endeavours to shift the blame on to the shoulders of an innocent stonemason. It is perhaps hardly politic to state towards whichs ide' the :public at present incline; but there is a general feeling that the occupant of the chair of thle professor of theology should be a gehtleman sans rcproche, of unimpeach able veracity, endowed 'with some small amount of Christian charity, incapable of any display of petty spiteful malic ; and the question is being generally asked, whether the late incumbent of the Presby terian Church at East St. Kilda possesses all these qualifications. The curtain has fallen on the last act of the Werriboe railway tragedy. Biddle, the station-master, whose daughter sent the fatal telegraphic message that caused d the two itaint to' 'collide, killing both 'engine driver rand one of 'the tokers,-has been' arraigned at Ceelong on a charge of. manslaughter and acquitted. The verdict. of the jury virtually saddles the officials` 'of the traffic department of the Victorian State lines with the responsibility of: the accident, and places a black mark against the three Commissioners. By the: wty,'' eusld it not be as well if these gen tlemen are really desirous'of ascertaining all about the lines under their charge, if they were to take a journey' in one of the'. draughty,, rickety, cushionless, and dirty carriages in which they - condemn :her. Majesty's lieges to travel, instead of making their inspection a triumphal pjio gress in comfortable "specials," and- a5 carriage fitted up with every convenienice to render railway locoeliotion pleasant ? Or if these second-class experiences shlishld be of too severe a character, could they not, just for once, use one of the implorted. vehicles, imported 'for second-class travellers' and' transformed into' " first claws" by the easy process 'of alterin'gtheirt description on the panels ? Were they to do this we might, perhaps, look' for a littli.' improvement. 'All the theatres have been fairly ist tended during the week, the lion's shardo'ft the patronage, however, falling to the' Bijou, where Miss Emelie Melville, .in' opera-bouffe,.is the success of the day. The "Royal MIiddy"' has run duringtheweek,and to-night gives place to the ever green "Pinafore." The "School for Scandal" has during the week drawn good houses, andto night is replaced by the "Unequal Match." • Atthe Royal, Gordon's magnificent scenery has ensed the"Turn of theTide"from prov ing a failure. Signor lMajeroni and Mr. Wilson of Sydney have become lessees of the Bijou, and in March next are total posses- ors- of this pretty house here, and the. Opera House in Sydney. July . " 