LOCAL A X D G E K K R A L . T o -h o b e o w 's P a r l ia m e n t . — Both Houses of Parliam ent will meet as usual at 4 to-morrow afternoon. In the Council tbe Licensing Amendment Bill will be read a third tim e ; the Women and Children’s Employment Bill and Small Debts Amendment Bill, will be considered as am ended; the Constitution A ct AmendraentBill will be further considered in Committee, and the Agent-General Bill will bo read a second time. In tbe Assembly the Council's amendments in the R ural Voting Bill, Rural Municipalities Amendment Bill, Immigration Act Amendment Bill, and Custom's Duties Act Amendment Bill will be considered, after which the second reading of the Supplementary Appropriation BilC 1882,1883, and 1884, will take place. T h e J u n i o r C u r M a t c h . — On our fourth page will be found the scores of this match, which took place on the ower Cricket Ground on Saturday fternoon. The Derwent went first to he wickets, which they retained until ime was called, only six wickets aving fallen for tho splendid total f 205 runs. The batting of A. W . ohnstone, A* Swan, and A. O, Eady was .'exceptionally Jgqo<3, thB (former „ truecrioket, punishing jBCrerelyih.efloose jballfe; while dbaling carefully >wi th those jp n tb e vricketv, TJttougho.nt fna-Ruig ip. nings he did not >give' a chance/ A word of advice to this young player may here be not out of place. H is run- ■cing-between-tbe wickeU-is -slow, -fully, 30rjm s were lost in this way»4lirdugh lus nofcl)&&kifi;£ ktfp as Jib might hhvc flonfe. N a t u r a l is a t io n .—A t >the* Executive meeting this morning, letters o f naturalisation were ordered to be issued to one Chinaman, residing at Hobart. E x e c u t i v e .— The Executive Council mot this morning, His Excellency and all the Ministers, excepting the Hon. the Treasurer, being present. R e t u r n i n g O r n c E B s .—M r A rthur Young has been appointed Returning Officer for the district of Mersey and E ast Devon vice M r Henry Douglas, and M r Francis Belstead has received a like appointment for the districts of N orth Esk and Selby, in the place of M r John Whitefoord. ' C a s u a l t ie s .—At the General Hospital this morning, H arry Skeels, aged six years; eon of a carpenter in Goulburn street, was treated for injuries received to his head from a fall in tbo street. Tasman Wise, aged five years, son of & mes-, senger a t the Town H all, ;was' also treated for a cnt wrist, caused through falling on a tin at the Cascades. C it y P o l ic e C o u b t. — At the Police Court this morning H is W orship the Mayor, M r W . Bel bin, and M r Alderman M arsh, J.P ., disposed of ; tho charge sheet. William Thompson, W illiam W aters, and John Howard, for drunkenness, were fined 5s each. John Wilson and Bridget Fox, for like offences, were fincd|l0s Gd each. Ann Cadby, for having disturbed the peace in Goulburn street on Saturday evening, was fined 10s Gd, or, in default, to go to gaol for 14 days. Bridget Fox pleaded guilty, to having made use of ooscenc language in W a r­ wick street yesterday morning, and was fined 10s Gd, with the usual alternative in default. Richard Langworthy, for having disturbed the peace in Harrington street last evening, was fined 20s 6d, or, in default, to go to gaol for one month, the ease being a somewhat aggravated one. P o s t a l V a g a r ie s. — A correspondent sends us the following letter confirmatory of the statements made in one which we inserted last S aturday:—The communication signed “ N o L e tte r” contains no new revelation as to the state of affairs at our very “ one-horse ” post office. Many others, without any resort to imaginativeness, conld a like “ tale unfold.” Pray, Sir, “ list unto my tale of woe.” I happen to have three addresses — my private residence, business office, and the H obart Post Office —and communications are addressed to one or the other of these, but very rarely to the last-named. Such triple complexity, however, is too con* fusing for the single-eyed gentry who officiate a t the local institucion in M urray street. Hence, quite commonly, documents addressed to my business establishment have to patiently Re a t the Post Office “ till called fo r” ; those directed to that common receptacle find their way to my private house; while others intended to be delivered a t the last-mentioned abode are inconveniently deposited at my office, and are thus subjected to tho undesirable scrutiny of employes. So the changes are rung ad infinitum, if not ad nauseam. These, Sir, arc probably but a few of the fantastic tricks played by tho frolicsome youths who seem to “ run ” our postal circumlocution office. G e n e r a l C h u r c h S o c ie t y .—Thelialfyoarly collections on behalf of the General Church Society were made a t A11 Saints Church yesterday morning and evening. In th e morning, prayers were read by the Bev. G. F. Archer, the first lesson and the Litany by the Rev. L. S. Tarlcton, and the second lesson by tbo Rev. J . B. W o jIIb o u c Ii, who preached an eloquent sermon from the third chapter of the Epistle of St. P aul to the Corinthians, and the 21st verse, All things arc yours.” Before alluding to his text, the rev. gentleman explained the claims the Society in the diocese had on the laity, and made an earnest appeal to them to support it. H e pointed out that it was impossible for the work of Christ in thecountry to be carried on with the limited means a t the disposal of the Society. The parishes in the country were not iirosperous, and the stipends paid the clergy were utterly inadequate for them to live on. In his sermon M r Woollnongh stated that tho interest taken in the Church by the people was small, and he urged upon them to throw more energy and fife into Church work. The Society which lie represented looked to the people, and not to the clergy, to support country churches where the general public were too poor to do so. The rev. gentleman .made an earnest appeal on behalf of the Society, and tbe collection amounted to £13 lls Id. In the evening the Rev. G. F. Arelier, I n ­ cumbent, preached, and the offertory amounted to £3 4s Gd, making the total during th e day £16 15s 7d, which is in excess of tho last half-yearly collections. The Incumbent announced that as A ll Saints Day falls upon a Saturday, the usual service will bo held on Friday evening next, at half-past 7, when the offertory will be devoted to the cboir fund. A V o l u n t e e r ’s F r e a k .— On .Saturday afternoon, after the conclusion of rifle practice in the Queen’s Domain as the troops were marching back to the B arracks, one of tho members of the Rifle Regiment ripped one of thecanvas targets with his rifle. By order of Captain O'Boyle the man was immediately placed undor arrest, and marched to the B arracks in charge of members of the regiment with fixed bayonets. Upon arrival at the Barracks, Captain O’Boyle stated the case to Colonel Legge, who ordered the man to pay the cost of the target, which was destroyed. I n C h a m b e r s . — In Chambers this morning, in the matter of Noake and others v. Bartlett, M r Thos. N oah appeared for plaintiffs, and M r Alfred Dobson for defendant. M r Noah read the affidavit of Josiah Powell. . H ia Honor the Acting Chief Justice mado an order in terms of the summons, the affidavit read to be taken as particulars of the new assignment. * D ie 1Judge made an order for costs of the summons and certified for the attendance of count sel. In Taylor at the suit of B arrett; M r Justice Rogers, after bearing the arguments of M r Finlay for the defendant, and M r Noah for th e plaintiff, decided th at the w rit was wrongly tested in the name of Sir Francis Smith, in his absence from the colony, b a t held theerror to he amendable under sections 20 and 197 of the Common Law. Procedure , Act. H is Honor also referred ; to the case of W akeling v. Watson, 1 C. and J . 467, in which the writ was tested in the name of a deceased Lord ‘Chief Baron of the Exohequer, and in which uase the Court allowed the writ to be amended. An order was accordingly made for the amendment of the writ, by substituting the name of H is Honor th e Acting Chief a Justice, the plaintiff to pay ih e. costs of tbo action, which wore to be taxed within 14 d a y s , ■rr ^ Officer a t Qircular Head telegraphs the Chief 8ccrjBtHiT this moralng that clean bills of health Jiave Reen graBted the ketches Xema and-'Wellingtoh from Melbourne. S o rk ll.—\Tlfe~time to complete tbe Valuation Roll for the d istrict of Port ■fiuralliiM’ijfeen EX tended-tonhb “ 20Eh“ iber next 3 <. « ? £ “>'{ f e P u h n c L ib ra ry .—The P u b lic Tjibrary.Ttfter 'bfeing ~blosed‘ to rV trtfe k whilst being overhauled and cleaned, was re-opened yesterday afternoon.. The bookB added' during the last few yeafo have been removed to the principal! libraryroom, where they have been placed 'in position convenient to those, who frequent th e' institution. ' D u rin g ;tho past v^eejt M r A. J . Taylor, the librarian, has been busily engaged gettingthemunuscript of tho supplementary catalogue prepared, which will include all books added during the -last 15 years. The manuscript is in the bands of M r N; H. Propsling, and the catalogue will, be ready ;for use shortly.’ ' Two dozen Austrian chairs have, been added to the Library furniture. The' Jjondon Review lias been procured, for use in the reading room. W e would suggest'that either the Age or Leader be also procured. ; '*• P b o b a t e s .—The following probates to wills h av e: been granted.— Wm. Wilson! to John W ilson, £130; W m . Chilcott to Mansfield Brumby aud Wan. Kingston, £270: Bara Anne Kitchen to Geo. Kitchen the elder, £120, A'.Seizurb.—W e hear that, on Thursjday last, a^ quantity o f : Chinese goods, which a Cliinamnn was endeavouring to get ashore from tbe s s. Turawera without paying the necessary duties, were-seized by M r W . R . Lisbcy,.a Cuatoni House officer. I t appears that, upou the arrival of the Tarawera, a Chinaman was observed to disembark from the vessel with a number of suspiciousJooking packages. In answer to M r Lisboy the man-said that they were personal effects. This was not sufficient for the Customs officer, who, pon opening the, packages, found that hey contained Chinese goods, for which uty should have been paid. The goods, uch to the disgust of the Celestial, were eized. H obart Athletic Association.—The handicaps for the coming sports in connection with this association will be found elsewhere, and now that M r M . Higgins has done his work, it is to be hoped intending competitors will go in for genuine training, and do their very best to make the gathering the most successful yet held in Tasmania. The time w ill quickly slip by, and as each one now knows what is expected of him, nothing but legitimate work will carry off the prizes on the “convincing” day. An error appears in the advertisement, the handicap for C. Pringle in the Association Handicap being 8yds instead of 3. S in k i n g o f H a n l a n ’s B o a t.— A telegram in Thursday’s Age, says :—Edward Hanlan, the Canadian sculler, who is beinning to practise daily from the Mercanile Rowing Club slicds, a t Dawes Point, ad to swim for it last evening. When ff Bender Bay in an outrigger the forard compartment of the boat was washed ut, and the craft went down head foreost. Hanlan was soon picked up by a assing boat, none the worse for his duckng. O f f i c i a l B u n g l in g . — The Devon Herald says:—In the year 1881 the proprietor of a patch of bush land containing 23 acres received a demand for the sum of 9d—being tbe E state D uty payable on his little property, which was rated a t £1. He, of course, paid it, and received his receipt, bearing date 7th November, and signed by M r Henry. A day or two ago he was startled by the receipt of a note from M r Driscoll, Superintendent of Police, to the effect thot ho (the Superintendent) held a warrant of distraint against, his goods and ehnltris for Gs 3d Real Estate Duty and costs for 1881, which if not paid at once, he would be compelled to levy. M r Driscoll’s note is considerately and courteous!}* worded, and points out that if the sum demanded be not paid at once, the proprietor will be put to considerable additional expense; and as the defendant is an old man vergiug on four-srore years, he. has forwarded the amounts demanded under jwotest, to avoid further annoyance and complications. D if f ic u l t ie s o f t h e N i l e B oat E x­ p e d it i o n .—I t is anticipated that the preparations for the Nile expedition will be completed early in November, and that the general advance of the troops will then .be made, A military correspondent of The Times, writing from Korosko on 21st August, observes: —“ The difficulty and scarcity of transport have already become apparent. The gun-boats have to do incessant work in towing men and stores, and as they have to get over the Second Cataract in a few days from this date, the transport will have to be carried on by sailing boats almost entirely between Assouan and W ady H aifa. As the country there is quite incapable of feeding an army by local resources, the stores must all be sent from the base of operations, A ssouan; and the strain will be very great. As the left of the .line of communication is very vulnerable at and nrar Korosko, whore the roads debouch from the Abou Hamed Desert, the stream of traffic is very likely to be interrupted unless the greatest precautionsare taken. A n d e s.th e number of Nile boats is very limited on this part of the river, the movement of both troops and stores must be a very Jong operation under the moft favourable circumstances. Altogether, the movement of troops by the Nile route will be a very difficult military operation, if the expedition is to be on a large scale ; and if, on the other hand, it is to be on a small scale, anything like the relief to Khartoum by means of it is out of question. There is a hope that Gordon will be able to extricate himelf by means of steamers, and will .join ho expedition a t Berber or Dongola; ut this hope cannot be depended upon T h e C h i e f J u s t ic e a n d t h e S p e c t r e R e p o r t e r .—W e take the following from Saturday’s . Australasian; — Tlie story told by Sir Edmund H ornby in ’the “ Nineteenth Century,” of the ghost of the reporter o f a C hina. paper coming to his bedroom a t night, and obtaining some heads of a judgment delivered by thejudge in court, inquiry afterwards showing that ih e reporter had died the night when the incident. occurred, was, a very “ striking and most circumstantial narrative of an apparition.” B ut unfortunately’ it has been.,demolished by the Shanghai Courier, a former editor of wluch .was the hero of tbe story. Thfe Courxtr Cauriei'Sstates: te n ; —“— “ M r Lang T .n n cdied liftd suddenly ci,fM An!v about 9 o’clock on the: morning of the 19th January, 1875, having. been in his office for nearly an hour arranging the busmess of the cay. S'l* Edmund Hornby did not deliver any judgmont either on that or the following week, go th at M r Lang could not have been anxious about ~etbng the notes of what did not exist.” lir Edmund cites his wife, who was in bed beside him at the time,,as acorrobo-. rative witness, but the ^Courier says:— “ This ghost-walking, if it occurred at all, Occurred on the ■J9th) January, 1876, and ir .Edmund was not m arried to-his' resent wife until thp ,20th April of the ame year, having been a widower for t least two years previously." A. curiouB oint in the story is that the ghost wrote horthand, while M r Lang did not,*! -Li act, tfeif M tairaV le; g b srt UPtory,' wlien ’ Ip lo ^ y sffted^pos tho i1 •ghost: stories-in this fect-ifrorlfi* \ -w, „ \C « iriL \P ciN lB H M E i^ .-5 t:i s ' said of this'ancient A th e n ia n rc h a t^ ilie y ' spent their time in nothing elseSm t^either to hear or tell some new tiling.” The "French' of 'td-dayare ve7y~fike- lb em T n their passion for novelty. A*BQl4s now,: before the House for rcplaoihg xhe'guil-1 lotine by prussic arid,“ the Teasbn "given being tbal the head lives for a sliort time after being severed from the body. The promoter of the Bill does .Aiol inBist onprussic acid, he would^bo ^agreeable' to effecting death by tbe (discharge o f. a powerful electric battery*. The subject is a gruesome one, but it is only right th at if capital punishment must be inflicted it should bo accomplished in as speedy’ and effectual a manner as possible. A fter all, if scientific men are correct, tliere’i nothing like hanging, remarks a contemporary. Always supposing that Jack Ketch is an expert in his art, and docs o t bungle over it as has been the case several times lately, death by hanging is one of the easiest, and ercn, b u t for its associations, pleasantest deaths, that man can die. The experiences of those who have hung till almost the- last gasp aud then been restored, have been analogous to those.of persons Pearly drowned, and which after the first moment of agony, are delightful to a de grcc. A fter all there are worse things than hanging. All persons interested in the formation of a. Swimming Club aro requested to attend a meeting at the Masonic Hall on Monday evening next, a t 7*30. A bank holiday has been proclaimed by tbe Government for Wednesday next, in he town of Ulvcrstone, the day appointed or holding the Latrobe Show. A meeting of members favourable to tbe ormation of a Cricket Club in connection ith tbe Young Men’s Christiin Associaion, is convened for Thursday evening ext, a t theAssoci&tion; Rooms, a t 7*80. 