9, 1884. MAN'S IMMOBTAL SOUL. TO THE EDITOR OF THE COURIER. SIR,—In your <hurs.'ay's news i.nd notes, you in. form us tbat £500 i- offered to anyone proving from tho'Scripturu that man has nn immortal soul, and that a Bev. Mr Icglia has accepted with a proviso to prove same t. gain this morning (Friday) I find a Mr Gamble,"Of Bridge street, has a contribution on this subibct, which, to the unthinking, may seem to be lie only answer which can be given to atheistical jabber, tbe which has often feinted the pure atmosphere of Ballarat. With tbe aid of the Spirit of Truth, I will choose a few small stones from the streams of unerring testimony—the Word of God. In the Erst place, Genesis 1, 26, the i rinily is said to be engaged in tbe formation of man, viz., •ibe-Father, The Son, and The Holy Ghost. Not so in tbe formation of grass, fish, fowl, or beast, for the earth and water were made to bring tbem forth by the Spirit moving over them, and endowing them, the creature, with instinctive laws, beyond which they have not, or can not go. But man's is an inspired existence, The Trinity in unity having breathed into his nostrils tbe breath oi lives, as say tbe learned. Genesis ii.. 7, so " Man is a tripartite, boijy, soul, and spirit. Ecclesiastes ili., 19, " Man, through his sin, fias no apparent pre-eminence over the beast, but in tbe21-t »t-rse it is shown be has for the spirit or soul of beast goes down to the earth at death sometimes it is called spirit, sometimes soul, but never both, in beasts; while at death ths spirit of man goes to God, upward. W by upward to God! Because He has a heaven to be: stow, and a hell wherein the deceivers and bars will be eternally confined, separated by Sovereign Power and Love, tbe one from the other. 2 Tbess , 5il.,23 "And the very God of Peace sanctify you wholly, and I pray God ycor whole spirit, and soul, and body be preserved blameless unto the coming of our Lord Jesns Christ." Genesis ii., 7, "Tbe Lord God breathed—not God alone, as in tbe beast; -and, as Matthew, xxv., 46, proves both righteous and wicked continue to exist co-sternally onward with God as to existence, muBt prove to a d monstratle n tbat man has an immortal soul, and spirit, and bod -, for msn must appear In his resurrection body oetore tbe Judge of the whole earth. For every eye shall see Him—your eye and my eye, as saitb Job, 19, 26. 27. Now, Mr Editor, I tbink I cin demand the £500 but will forego my claim if anyone can show from the Book of Truth and Inspiration any verse which says God in trinity, as In Genesis i., 26, made fowl or beast; or any verse in wbich beast has a trinity of being as in 2 Tbess., v., 23; or tbat beast will ondure, after death, BB In Mathew, xxv , 46 I would think it wisdom on the part of those of my opponents to be eternally silent until they can answer the few out of the many portions of truth which confirm and teach that man has animmortal soul.—Yours, &c.;, A LOVER OF TRUTH. 