terjeapttkm. " HOTOH POTCH." , To the Editor of the Protestant Slandvrd. :- . SlR|— I think the above is the natno a savoury Scotch dish, about the contents . ot which, tho lato '.'.Prince Consort" of good memory.) wub bo anxious for knowledge.: -It. was oxplainod tolhim,; that thore wus, mutton. "mtil, it . there was onions, intil it " there' was : turnips,. '' intil it " until. the, number. of articles "intil it "quito con fused the ' Royal ' mind,' and left, him' little the wiser than: before.. There 'is Mr. Editor a. some-, thing,'1 wliicli ' ive may ' not call a ' system, for it is not systomised; ' And'who tan byor sy'steniisb a sorios of,1 contradictory' :'riogativosl ' "Nevertheless according to its, ; what? wo' know not' wliat to' call tlicmff" ndliorants)"-rthat will' not do) tliey have nothing to adhere to I .Boiiovors ? no that will not do, a'B they have only known by that they do'not believe.- Most illbgically.it is called tlio System of. Free Thought." i lfi you.'.touoh upon the, -spiritualism in one now light, you arotold told that, y ou;\aro . wrong; ignorant ; of ' Free' Thought,", for a still, greater light is' a materialist; It is a'poribct;" Will: ,0 V the Wisp,'.' eom'o lot mo clutch theo,"i." Yet,; I hav'b.thco not,"' " It has no- body to," bo kiclibtl.nbr ysoiii ,'to )bo damned " ".What, is ifwp . cannot tell ! . vet forsooth, ii bores our Minister 'for',' PqbUo'insti,'iietidn.' ' to rpcpgniso 'il,' as a religious' sect, but mark ! with out religion— Ybt ; those .; who love to ' follow its motley banner, arb. the Wise lof the Earth, the Lights of tho age, compared with whom, ' New ton or O wen or Farraday 'or: Miltoii are - poor silly fools.-- Having failed to. define what it is let us try to find out; what is in it— As i the cooks would, say — the stock soup is unbelief— then their is republicanism "intilj.it;" there is. desirei for easy divorce " intil it thore is . hatrod of clergy " intil it there is; disloyalty, "intil; it 5" thore is materialism intil , it, and there is .spiritualism, intil it;'-.) there is hatred ','of Go'd, intil it ; there is lots of scioneb intil' it, finally thorp is hatred of whatsoever things are) holy, whatsoever things are pure and of good roport— intil it. It! is " botch potch,' but: hot' the savoury dish which feeds tho body ' of - the stalwart ' Scotchman 1 of robust' intellect.-' But ; nevertheless it : is to re novate the world.' " Our most' sanguine dreaihB of a millenium pale ' before the regeneration which it is to offect in somo future ago, thousands, per haps millions of years after its prophets; of to day aro dead arid past! responsibility for loading man to a fool's paradise... But. it demunds re spect, unbelief being tho murk of superior mind." ;. Somehow the mind of the writer always asso ciates popery with unbelief. It may. appoar erratic, but so, it is. .Yet Popery is a system of great anti quity—vast nritiquity — it has its) truo ; bolievers arid very numerous thoy are — why then associate it with soepticisiih ? " Popery and unbelief are surely hear allied and their partitions do their bounds divido." Popery is the parent of honest doubt ; its old wives fables, its lying wonders, its impostures, its frauds of purgatory, its fetters on' the mind, its intolerance &c.;, produce re-action — taught from infancy that Popery is Christianity,' taught to neglect the study of God's word, tho mind seeks a refuge in unbelief. Popery is also on arsonal of arms, to whioh the enemies of ohristinnity resort for weapons to use against Christ. Popery iB also a , " botch potoh," tho stook soup is divino truth— but there is idolatry, "intil it" ancient Babylonian idolatry, "intil; it ; there is suporstitiori) . " intil it " " .thoir is priestcraft, "intil it " ; tiiero is 1 sensualism, "intil it" there is infidelity "intil it" there are sensuous ceremonies, " intil it j" there aro cruel money frauds, about purgatory , and ab solution " intil it." ! Lot us now see what is not in this con glomeration of truth and .error. There is no sufficient idea of the greatness and majesty) of God, nor of the dignity, of the Lord Jesus Christ' and the completeness of His work. Can the Popo believe . in tho greatness and majosty.of God, when ho proclaims himsolf God on earth ? can he bolievo iri the omniprosonco of Christ, when he' pretends to be his viacjerant ? as though our Lord;' wbro an absont sovereign. " Lo I am with you alwaye.'') DoeB hot popery- setup rival mediators P 'does' she not misrepre sent our Father in ' Heaven — in -selling pardons for money. - ' There ' is '110 doctrine of the now birth in it. No work of the Holy Spirit.:' .Father Son and - 'Holy Ghost aro dishonoured by ! its creeds,: its practice, its orders, and its purga tory. Like the hetorogonious colleotion: of' doubters— it is a " Hoteh Potoh." W.M. ; 