""is??- still ??! I I... I 11 ? less, , . off LAW REPORT. -ofa \---V SUPREME COURT.-WEDNESDAY, MAY 28. JSeneo Court.-(Before the CHIEF JUSTICE and a jury of four.) MORGAN V. ItOOTlt (rAttT HEARD). in this case additional evidence was called on behalf of the defendant. One witness, Mr. Johnston, Government ' Marine Surveyor, stated that IhoNoOublio was perfectly staunch and eight everywhere when he examined her on the slip but that when he went down to see her at the Union Wharf after hearing that she was sinking, he found that the seam round the rudder trunk was not in the same condition as when he saw it on the slip, and the match had been taken off and the oakum was hanging out ; he also noticed a piece of the rudder trunk missing, and he thought the vessel was being loaded improperly. William M'Culloch the builder of the No Oublie, gave evidence that the vessel was very strongly constructed, and Captain M'Clements who had once been in command of the steamer, stated that she was one of the finest boats is to lightness and seaworthy. ness that ho,wusovor aboard o'. On the last voysgosho encountered a very heavy gale, and although they had a cargo of flour, sugar, and tea, there was not a stain of water upon any package. This closed the defendant's case. Plaintiff, being recalled, denied that defendant told him at one of the inter views between them that he (plaintiff) had no claim upon him, nor did he at the time the vessel was on the slip congratulate the defendant upon the condition she was in and a state that he would take her; he did not say to Mr. Booth that it did not matter to whom he sold the vessel as long as he got the money, and he did not ask defendant to give him something for his trouble as he had been put to a good deal of bother over the sale of the No Oublie Captain Barnard was also recalled, and stated that according to his experience, extending over nearly 40 years, there was nothing wrong in the manner in which the Ne-XJublis was loaded. > Counsel having addressed the Court, his HONOR summed up, and the jury, after about half an hour's deliberation, returned a verdict for the defendant. rAllltOTT AND ANOTHER V. -WENTWORTH (PART HEARD). Mr. Pilolttrand Mr. C. B. Stephen, instructed by Messrs. Shorter and I'lls'gbralu;, for the plaintiffs; and Mr. Salomons, QC.. and Sir. Edmund Barton, instructed by Messrs. Salter and Barker, for the defendant. This was an action brought by plaintiffs (Jarrott and Roberts, surveyors) to recover £107 12s. 4d., being balance of account for services tendered to defendant in November, 1882, and february and March, 1883, in subdividing Flemington lJark, Homebush, Although the case lasted nearly a three days, the only questions for settlement were whether the plaintiff was entitled, to charge at the rate of £3 3s. per day for' field work, and £2 2s. for office work, and whether plaintiffs had or had not taken more than a reasonable time over the work, and thus increased the amount of their account. According" to the evidence of the plaintiff Pairott, defendant engaged him to subdivide 500 HCHS of land at Flemington Park, Homebush, upon a special plan, and it was distinctly understood that he was to be paid according to the Government scale of 35 3s. for Held work and £2 2s. for office work, ])efe_dir,t, on the other hand, brought evidence tending to show that the rates mentioned were paid only for a special kind of work, that they could not calculate under the ordinary scale of Government loans, and the work carried out by plaintiffs, could not be considered of that special nature. Several witnesses were also called to prove that for work such as that which plaintiffscanied out, Mr days was an umviuonobly long time to take. the jury, after a short consideration, returned a verdict for the defendant. WABiiiBi v. WKinmn. Mr. Rogers and Mr. Harris, instructed by Mr. Black mole, through Jessie. Norton and Fisher, appeared for the plaintiff; and Mr Pilcher and Mr. Pring, instructed by Hails r and Ooiupiey, for the defendant. This was an action brought by Dr. William Thomas Warren against Edward Webber, commander or the Pacific Mail Steamship Company's steamship Seelander, to recover compensation to the extent of £2000 for an assault alleged to have been committed upon Hills by defendant in fenn Francisco, and i_ipru>ç__tent during the voyage of the vessel from San 1<rancrseoto Sydney, whereby plaintiff became ill, and was seriously injured bodily and mentally, There was also a count for slander in the declaration stating that defendant accused plaintiff of open mutiny and of being a spy, and stated that be was a disgrace to society. Defendant put in several, pleas n inch amounted to a general plea of not guilty. Mr'. Rogers, in opening the case for the plaintiff, said that if his client made out his case, or anything near 'it, he asked the jury to give him large damages, because, although the powers of captains of vessels were necessarily very great, yet, if there was anything which the law would take hold of and punish with the greatest possible severity, it was a case where a power which had been invested for a good purpose was misused. William Thomas Warren, sworn, and examined by Mr. Rogers, deposed : lam a duly qualified medical man, and hold a diploma from Pulto College, Cincinnati in January last year, I wished to take a trip to San Francisco, mainly miscreant or my health, and also to look after some property in the neighbourhood of San Francisco; a Rccordinuly applied for and received the appointment IHB doctor on board the Zealandia, and upon pointing out to Captain Webber an objection to the usual surgeon s cabin, he gave me another cabin, and that! he would do all' he could to make me comfortable ; we sailed on the 25th January, and no unpleasantness of' a serious char racter occurred uutilwegotto Omi Frauckco. upon the morning of our arrival about three o'clock, Mr. Ghent, the chief officer, met me in the BHIOOU and told me that all the passengers were to be mustered on' deck for inspection ; I saw the captain about it, and he said to me, " I have seat for you. doctor ; 1 want the passengers mustered, and I won't take the ship in until they are mustered ; " I said, " Yes, captain ; have you ordered them to be mustered; " he replied that he had, and then said, " It is very dangerous, as I have some delicate passengers on board Indies and children ; " the defendant, however, said he would murder them ; it was bitterly cold, and very cold winter too; I then said, "As far as I am personally concerned I have no objection, but I will see the health officer ; " J then went down into the saloon and saw the health officer, Dr. Lawler, and in consequence of the conversation I had with him we went through the cabin" inspected the pneBuugers, and Dr. Lawler went up to the Captain's Cabin and reported all right; He. In "tier also complimented me upon the health of the passengers ; during the same morning, about 10 o'clock, I saw the captain in his cabin, and he said, " Doctor, siby sure that ignores me I have satisfaction out of him-you ignored me in not mustering the passengers this morning, and I'll make you smart for it;" 1 S.A.YS to him, " I do not understand you, captain; I never ignored you in any way Dr Lawlor suggested that it would much better and more comfortable to inspect the pas Fouget's in their own cabins, especially as several of the passes gers objected ;" I mentioned Fir. stephenson's name and said that he objected to his wife and children being mustered, especially at that hour, the captain replied very angrily, tion have ignored me and I will have satisfaction the quartermaster and servant were present at the time that was all that occurred on that point, but about 11 o'clock on the morning of the same day, when the steamer, was alongside the wharf, I spoke to the captain about going ashore, and said that I desired to go into the country some little distance, if I could see my way clear to do so ; 1 also asked him to give me a letter of introduction to the agents, as I had understood from him that he would be happy to do so; the captain said that I had better see the agents myself for his pain he always paid his way on the line; I said I understood that it was usual to allow the officers of the vessel free railway passes, and that Mr. Best had got a pass; that was all that was said about it; I then said, " Probably I may not see my way clear to go, but I have a letter of introduction from the American Consul in Sydney to a golden au in San Francisco that may possibly throw some light on the matter ; but I want to go and see him as early as I can" the captain said, li you go you had better leave word with the other doctor," alluding to a doctor in another of the company's vessels ; after the captain and chief officer had gone lisbon), 1 went ashore and left word with the quarter-master that I would not be absent more than an hour and a half ;. I then went on board the other vessel and left my card, requesting the doctor to call upon me in the morning. Subsequently 1 met Captain i Webber at the front of a hotel where I had been intro' duced to a Mr. Davies, who had sent some telegrams making inquiries for me about a pass ; 1 informed the captain what had occurred, and the captain said, "All right, i again a hurry to get. my luncheon," and then went away ; I did not go on board until next morning, the 21st February, and remained on board until the evening, when I again went on shore, leaving word on board where I was going; I dined at the Palace Hotel, at the some table with Captain Webber, and remained on shore until next morning, I slept ashore every night until the 24th, when, in consequence of something I had heard slept on board on the morning of the 25th I was going across the gangway to no other summer when the captain, holding up his fist, called out "Hooter,, stop," and also called out to the quarter master to stop me ; he also called to Mr. Ghost, and J. believe the other officers, to stop me I am, IMW is no necessity, as I am only going across to the other steamer on the opposite side of the year , the captain, Mr. Ghest, and I do not know who else, hustled me down into the cabin; I could not see distinctly, as I had an attack of vertigo ; I got down w The saloon with the captain, Mr. G. West, Mr. McDonald, the purser, Mr. Marshall, and others; there were seven persons in all, including a passenger ; they sat round to table, Captain Webber being at the head; the capUua said,' 21 have some serious charges to m"k<i.against YOU- and that is the reason I have ""lied you down here with my officers ; you have been guilty of open mutiny;" I replied, I Captain, if you I anything to say against me you had better take now before the Consul; this is no tribunal, and it is un- ng hen like ;" the captain had a list of charges A his band, rom that the Rev. Dr. Stephenson should complain of mons be has invited me to visit his house, and has had reduced me to Mr. Waterhouse, and desired to place himself under my treatment while in San Francisco, and thanked me very intends before leaving San Francisco;" as for Dr. Kirwan 1 said that I was not surprised at it, and added, " I suppose Mrs. IwiwnniH one of the ladies who has complained." 'I be captain then spoke of a person named Hill, and said that had it not been for him Hill would have peated that I was a liar, and that he would not believe me * Upon my oath; he then said. "If you were on some ships they would soon settle the matter with you," and he added, "I have been informed that you have circulated a report that I am suffering from a contagious disease;" I said, " Me- captain ? an, never against you or any other than ; I am not in the habit of speaking of my cause;" be then said that he would suspend me that I was a traitor and a spy, and not fit for decent society : he said. " You ought to be tried by court- martial] : you will go back to Sydney, and shall not BOonsVore without my permission," and that if I did so on shore he would have me arrested. At this stage the Court adjourned until to-morrow (Thursday), In Equity-Before his Honor the PRIMARY JUDGE.) MASON AND ANOTHER V. WATSON AND ANOTHER. Dr 81v asked to what day be moved the trial of this suit, as a special jury was required to try the issue of fact. _ His HONOR ordered the suit to be set down for trial on a the jury list, so that it might come on in its turn. HARPER AND ANOTHER V. BROWN AND OTHERS. Mr A. H. Simpson said (that the books required by his Honor had been brought down from Newcastle. Search had been made among the papers of the late Mr. Capper for the instructions of the deed, but without SUCCESS. His HONOR said 'that it had been suggested by the Chief Clerk that there should be an afraid -it with a schedule that all the books of J. and A Brown having connection with this matter had been produced Either party might have leave to inspect the books. The official assignee of J. R. finely she may be served with notice, if there had been no abatement. He would take the account himself on Thursday week. . SHAW AND ANOTHER V. THE ASSETS CO. Mr. Knox moved for an order that service on the manager of the Australian Mortgage, Land, and Finance Company in Sydney of all orders and proceedings requiring personal service, shall be deemed good service on the Assets Com- pan. An order had been made by consent, and now it sought to enforce that order. His HONOR made the order as prayed. The Chief Clerk was instructed to settle the matter on the ground of Urgency. PENNY y. CLOUGH AND ANOTHER. On the motion of Mr. W. 3 Walker, his HoNOR ordered that the short cause be heard on Friday, after Chamber business. His Honor made a general order that suits within rule 125 be taken on Wednesdays on certificate, your counsel that the cause is fit to be heard as a short one. In other respects counsel would be decided by the practice laid down in Daniel's practice, 085, fifth edition. REDMAN' V ALLEN. Mr. H. F. Barton moved to have the suit fixed for hearing. The whole question WAS one of argument on a point of law as to the construction of the will of the late William Redman. ' His HONOR said he could not fix a day, as there were at least 28 causes before this one, which was not even in the printed list. HOLCOMBE V. THE BOROUGH OF NEWCASTLE. Mr. Lingen, instructed by Messrs. Ellis and Makinson (for Mr. (I J. Brown, of Newcastle), for the plaintiff; Mr. M. H. Stephen. Q.C., and Mr. Knox, instructed by Mr. Ferguson (for Messrs. Mullen and Baker, of Newcastle), for the defendants. \- The matter originally came on as an injunction to restrain the defendants from interfering by way of excavation, in order to build on a portion of an approach from Hunter street, Newcastle, in which the plaintiff occupies a large upholstering establishment. By consent the proceeding was changed into a motion for decree. The street had formerly been 23 feet wide, and it was proposed that the new building should have only 17 feet 'The plaintiff claimed that the street had been dedicated to public purposes, and watering rates had boenchntg'd for it. In 1870 the reserve on which the plaintiff's property fronted was let on building leases, and in 1871 the approaches in question were kerbed, guttered, lighted, and partially saved. In 1876 the defendant obtained on Act of Council 19 Vic, No. 6, the schedule of which contained the market approaches as being naming the thoroughfares in which property owners were compelled to contribute half the cost of pavement. If the defendants were not restrained, the plaintiff complained that his shop would not have a street, but at the end of an obscure (Hil Jt A sac. His place of business would also be no longer visible from the wider street. This matter, which had been before the Court on two previous days, was further argued. His Honor, in giving judgment, said he, felt bound to grant the injunction. He would assume that the advertisement under which the allotment of land occupied by the plaintiff had been sold stated that the land fronted on the market land. He would also assume that the plan which had been produced was the one under which the miles took place. The Crown was in 1835 the possessor of the land in fee, and in the description which had been issued under the, great seal of the colony, one of the boundaries was described as the northern boundary of the market 11 wife If there had not been any sufficient act of dedication before, hem was a statement under the Government -end of the colony that the piece of land in front of the allotment was a market-place. It must be re membered that this was before the Imperial Crown had surrendered any of its rights. A market-place was, pri supply, a place where people could go about as they liked. The Borough Council having been made trustees of market land it was consistent with their trust that they should erect buildings for market purposes, at the same time preserving free access ; notwithstanding that there was no special direction to them to do so. So far from its being ultra vires for the counsel to carry out the improvements that they did effect, he thought it was quite consistent with their trust. They must, however, protect the rights secured to private individuals under their grants, but in other respects they were bound to exercise their discretion in the way that would put, the land entrusted to them to its best use. I'bcy worn bound, however, to re- spect the rights of the plaintiff and others, no matter how they had been acquired. He thought, therefore, that they had no right to block up this land. It appeared that the corporation had previously built on the land, but the plaintiff had apparently been content with the two an approach which had been left. Now, however, they were proposing to build right across the front of his house, so that he would only have access to a narrow lane which took him into Market-street, and not into the market. The rain, which had previously been very much wider, WUR to be restricted to 20 feet. These were things which were being done to a person whose land had been granted as fronting the market-place. It had been claimed by counsel that the Act of 1881 gave the defendants a right to build a wall right along the Hunter street frontage; and, although this was not sought to be done the argument must go its full length to be operative at all. He took it that the enactment did not go that length. It was an enactment which was general in its terms, and applied to a number of different things. As to the point that the Attorney- General I should proceed, he was inclined to think that the Attorney-General must consider that the public were hardly concerned in the matter. Indeed. the great bulk of the public might WITH the approach shut up. It was not a question whether the Attorney-General must," but whether the plaintiff "may." Methought it was open to the plaintiff to insist upon his clear right to the frontage to the market-place. His private right in this matter was infinitely greater than that of the public. Under these circumstances he would grant the inmates, with mandatory order for the removal of the impediments and for the restoration of the road. Costs were given against the defendants. In the Jury Court yesterday Edward Wrench, J.P.. Alfred Wilson, and James Brown were each fined 40s, for non-attendance as jurors. 