Tottesday, Decembeb 4, 1884. [Before Messrs. T. Roberta and E. Cameron, Justices!. "Dr." William Lee, a. Celestial, describing himself as a Christian and a member of the Church of England, was charged on remand from the previous day on the information of Edward Q-urry, landlord of the Miners' Arms Hotel, 3£apunda, with obtaining by false pretences the sum of £i by means of issuing a valueless cheque. Edward Gurry, the informant, deposed that he knew the prisoner, who came to his house on the 13th November, and asked witness if he could accommodate him with board and lodging. Answered In the affirma tive. Prisoner stayed at the hotel till the 24th ult. He called himself a doctor, and one patient came to consult him during the time he was in Kapania. He contracted debts daily with witness until the 22nd, when he asked informant if he could get him a Commercial Bank blank cheque. Supplied him with one, and witness filled it in for prisoner to the amount of £4, with which he paid his account, £3, getting £L in change. Saw prisoner attach his signature to tha cheque. He said he had an account at the bank on which the cheque was drawn. Lee left the following day, stating that he would return. It was too late on Saturday night to pay the cheque into the bank on Saturday night, but on the following Monday paid the cheque into witness's accjunt at the English and Scottish. Bank. It was returned from Adelaide on Wednesday evening marked "No account." Gave information to the police. John George Hunt, ledger-keeper in the Commercial Bank of South Australia, Ade laide, deposed that he had 6een the cheque produced before. It was presented for pay ment in the ordinary banking way. No one of the name of Dr. Lee had an account with the Commercial Bank, and the cheque was returned marked "No account in Adelaide." The prisoner was then asked if he would consent to the case being dealt with sum marily under the Minor Offences Act, and answering in the affirmative, made a statement to the effect that he signed the cheque whilst under the influence of drink. He would not have signed it had he not been drunk, and he remembered when Mr. Gurry produced the cheque book stating that any cheque book would do. There was a contra account greater than what he owed Mr. Gurry. The prisoner having been sworn, gave evidence similar to the above statement. The Court found the prisoner guilty, and sentenced him to imprisonment for three calendar months with hard labor. Is the current number of the Contemporary the Bishop of Carlisle supplements his article in the January number with an essay of con siderable length. Of course, Dr. Goodwin lias no faith in the vulgar theory of ghosts, but he evidently—and he is by no means alone—takes seriously the apparition storie3 of the Physical lie search Society. The Bishop urged in his previous paper (which he tells us has been the cause of a variety of communications addressed to him by friends as well as strangers) that if, as undoubtedly is the case, an object affects the eye by means of luminous vibrations, which, falling on the retina, convey their effect, to the brain, and there, by a mysterious process which it baffles us to conceive, are transmitted into thought or mental perception, may be produced by some other action upon the mind, and when so produced it may cause the belief that it proceeds from an external object acting upon the brain, and so upon the mind through the optical machinery of the eye. And if this be true of sight, why not of the other senses (of hearing, for instance), asks Dr. Goodwin. He then proceeds to examine what the various senses " have to say for themselves" and comes to a conclusion strongly in favour of " apparitions " of the kind with which the Physical Research Society has made lis familiar. He even goes so far as to say our mind may conic under the influence "of those who are no longer alive in the body." The easiest way to mark table-linen ; leave a baby and blackberry pie alone at the table for three minutes. Many a man flatters himself upon having a sound mind, simply because nothing but sound oyer comes from it. 