ORB AT BBHAIN. MR, MIOHAEL DAVITT ON CASTLE GOVERNMENT, Saturday afternoon, 24th November, Mr. Michael Davitt addressed a larav meeting of Irishmen in the Musio Ban, Liverpool, on "Castle and Country lUiiu. While waiting for tlie proceedings to oommenoe, some of the audieuoe amused themselves by (tailing for cheers tor Dr. Webb, Joe Poole, anaO'Dcmnell, while hearty groans wer* given for Judge Murphy, when Mr. Davitt wade his appearance he was greeted with rounds of applause and waving of hat*, renewed and renewed again for several minutes. —a remarkably enthusiastic reception. Mr. John Denvir, president of the Oeutral Oounoil, presided. A number of huties were present on the ptatfdm and in the hall. The Chairman, in introducing the leoturer, referred to the recent municipal eleotion in Liverpool, and claimed Tor those who sympathised with him that they had never dteohey«d Mr. Partial, and had never been out of harmony with the National League. Thpy were not iu favour of nutty with men like Shaw, Mitchell-Henry, or O'Cauuor Power. (Groans). They had in Liverpool their Shawa and Mi tohell-Henrys, and it would be fatal to preach unity with such men. The treason had now op>uly broken oat and would he dealt with in a stem and effective manner by the true Irishmen of Liverpool. (Cheers.) Mn Michael Davitt, who, on presenting himself was greeted with Yooiterous s^lMMk said:—At on previous oooa- slonf, while X oome on the invitation of the Nationalist* of Liverpool to speak to my own countrymen, I intend, while doing so, to address the English people. The audience whloh I have the privilege of speaking to Is as well informed, at least the Irish portion of it, on the Irish question as I ant myself, and for them I shall have nothing new to say about the unconstitutional character of Dublin Oastle—(MMPs)—or fresh arguments to advance agniust its kindred institution in the ruin of It-eland—landlordism. So much has been spoken and written upon both that a stranger to the ordinary Englishman's distaste to aoqulring accurate knowledge about our oountry and the souroes of its troubles would oonclnde that the English publio must also be possessed of full information on everytiling concerning us, from the exploits of Nial of the Nino Hostages down to the recent Litneriok election. (Cheers,) Not ouly do we know, to our oost, that the mass of tln> English people are ignorant of the internal government of Ireland (which they take for granted is striotly constitutional), butwearepainfully aware of the faot that more attention is paid to the report, of an Irish outrage by the Press of England than to the way in which such outrages are the outoome of laws and modes of Government that have long been the prolifio Bouroe of limitations to unrest and violenoe. (Cheers.) I am also aware that the task of convincing the mass of Englishmen on the justiqe of Irish Nationalist demands is considered iu Ireland au almost honeless one; and that it was this oonvlotion working in Mr. ParneH'e mind years ago whioh caused him to shape his aots in the House of Commons to his ooncluslons, " that an ounce of Parliamentary, fear was worth a pound of Parliamentary love." (Laughter and oheers.) Well, forlorn as the hope may be, I have considerable faith iu the ultimate effect, of truth and justice upon, at least, the industrial classes iu Great Britain, and as these classes will soon be in possession of the franchise, and thereby be in a position to say " Let justioe be done to Ireland," 1 intend to address myself to them be- OHusn it is a work whioh I am satisfied some exponent of Irish National dwnauds should undertake. (Cheers.) Before discussing whether Dublin Castle is or iB ot a rule in aooord with the principles of constitutional government, it will be neoessary to detmo what we are to under- stand by snoh terms ;as " constitutional government," «• right of publio meeting," " liberty of free speeoh," " impartial administration of law," and "civiland religious liberty," these being the chief characteristics of the British Constitution, according to those who expound and advocate its principles. In Buglaud end Sootland their meauing is understood, but in crossing over the Irish Sea these attributes of the Constitution go through a kind of gymnastlo exercise; fur when they land in Ireland they may be said to be reversed—that is, standing upside down—on their heads. (Lu^hier and cheers.) According to so high an authority as Mr. Gladstone, " No State is a constitutional state whiph does not, whether directly or mediately, Rive an effootive control over all its affairs to the governed." The "governed" in Ireland number at present, say, ft,tWO,000. These may bo divided into 4 300,000 Nationalists and 700,000 Anti- Nationalists. (Oheers.) Now, howmuoh control over the internal affairs of Ireland do the majority exercise? Absolutely none. (Loud oheere.) The entire machinery of government, the entire administration of law, the entire expenditure of public funds, an in the hands of English and anU-Natlonal offictaltam. (Hear and applause.) The minority, with its headquarters in Dublin Osstle, diotate, in every depart* ment of the publio service, to the rest of Ireland. An English L>>rd*Llent«nant end Chief Seoretary, a Scotch Under- Secretary, an English-Assistant Under- Secretary, and Irish Tory ditto, were the immediate heads of the Castle, drawing salaries from our taxes, ruling us as they please, and putting some of us in prism—(laughter and oheers)—when we are in any way troublesome— whioh happens occasionally—(laughter) —to this little arrangement. Assisting this knot of salaried strangers, over whose appointment to the position of our governor* the' Irish "governed" have no more voice than in the election of the Mikado of Japan, there is a «• Privy Qauuoil," which is composed as follows;— Two Protestant Arohbishons,' one an Englishman, aged 76, and the other an Irish Tory, aged 33. bead the list. Next follow ex-Insh Chauoellore, nine ex- Chief Secretaries, all English; the Oommawlw of the Roroes In Ireland, seven IVwt, of whom four are Tories; Mid eighteen or twenty judges, not a single one of whon\ is in sympathy with the feeling* of the Irish ptttnle, not one of whom, from Earl Spencer down to the lowest on the list, would hate a ghost «i a cbanoe In eight out of ewy tact IiWfc constituencies, sren with oor present limited franohlie, against the humblest follower of Mr. Parnell, (Loud oheers.) Now, I want to ask one or two plain qn nestions of fair-minded Englishmen _ What would bet' thought of a governor of England, or say of a Prime Minister who oould not only not be returned to Parlia S n< f sh constituencies, but who would not dare show his nose before a publio meeting in the oountry exoept when guarded by soldiers or military polioe f (Loud oheers.) And what would be thought of suob a governor if he had as his Privy Oounoil the most objeotionable politicians in the oountry, and all the judges of the land who are supposed, from their duties, to be free from all interference in the work of governing the people P (Cheers.) How long would Unglishmeu tolerate such an outrage upou constitutional liberty? In the subordinate departments of Dublin Castle rule the same praotioe of asoendeuoy is maintained. The magistrates (stipendiary) of Ireland are exclusively recruited from the anti-Irish or West- British seotion of the people. There are not half-a-dosen Oatholios among the whole seventy-five. Iu addition to this these salaried officials of justioe are taken : from the ranka of those olasses and oalliogs in whioh they are most likely to imbibe the strongest prejudice against the social feelings, religious; oonviotious, aud national aspirations of the oountry. Ex-land agents, promoted Constabulary offioers, retired naval and military men, or legal dependents upon Dubliu Castle, are the stamp of men from whom the paid magistracy of Irelaud is seleoted by that polioy whioh has tailed to win our people to a respeot for the law whioh is administered by those who are most obnoxious to them. The justices of the psaoe, or honorary magistrates, of Ireland number over 3700, about 98 per cent, being landlords and laud agents. The religious population of the couutry shows the Roman Oatholios to number about 4,000,000, while all the other denominations combined, whioh class themselves as Protestant, amouut but to 1,000,000. Yet the proportion of Oatholio to Protestant justioes of the peaoe is one of the former to every 35,000, and one of the latter to every 290 of their respective co-religionists. The faith whloh olalms upwards of 90 per osnt. of the population ,as belonging to its Church receives recognition in the honorary magistracy from the Government to the extent of about 4 per oent., while that whioh can oount but 20 per cent, of people as belonging to its fold has no less than 00 per oent. of the country's rural a&d; petty justioes. (Loud cries of Shame.") It will be easily seen why, under u such a system of government, the right of publio meeting is denied, why free speeoh ia not allowed, why oivll Hud religious liberty means the ascendency ot the religion of the minority, and why the administration of the law is kept iu the hands of one class. But I trust it will also be seen why we are the enemies of Castle rule, and why we contend for the right of speeoh aud publio meeting, aud why we are the advocates of true civil and religious freedom, and why we distrust the law whioh is administered by our avowed political enemies. (Loud oheers.) England—that is, the mass of herjteople, uotherpolitioal parties—wants but to be convinced of two things, and she will see at onoe not only the justioe but the exedienoy of doing away with Dublin Castle, aud substituting selfgovernmeut, auoh as that of Canada and Australia, iu its pUce. First, that Irish landlordism, for the support of which Castle rule is ohMy upheld, instead of beinga garrison whioh keeps our country subjected to England, is the one faction, of all others, most responsible for the disooutent of the people—the one irritating sore in the body politio of Ireland: the one point whioh will always be withiu reaoh of attack; the one great injustioe that will ever justify opposition to aud durespeot for the power whioh sustains it against the interests, the feeliu»s. aud the instinota of the Oeltio raoe. (Loud oheers). Aud the seoond thing is. uiet when the majority of the people of xretaia have the constitutional oontrol of their own domestio affairs, the rights of the minority in oivil aud religious matters shall be respected. Are the ISnglish people not already oouvinoed of the tirst of these two things Y Have not the etreuts of the last three year* dernou- . 5? ^ »t noonday that landlordism M is l a h e social iniquity with which our people will never make peaoe —to which we will extend no Quarter until England steps in and declares that the monstrous wrong shall uo longer impoverish Ireland or distract the of the empire P (Loud oheere). A hundred thousand lend cases in the Liud Court* no proof that the Land Aot is a final, or even a temporary, remedy tat the evil of ls3rdiSi Matthew Arnold was right when he 4solared that "the Irish Laud Bill d<m not meet the moral grievance of the Irish oooupler at all." Nor does it meet the material wrongs of the farmers of th« oounty either, he might have added. (Obeers). The Irish tenant-farmer knows as well as the molt erudite theologian oould tell him that rent for land whioh God has made for human suitenanoe, and whioh reoeives a value above the tiller's necessities by the tiller's own toil and sweat, independent of labour or outlay on the part of a landlord, is robbery pure ana simple, no matter what human law may say to the oontrary, (Cheers). Everyone who knows Ireland is also aware that while onr olimate is uncertain, while prices fluotuate and competition lasts, that what aooording to human law is fixed as a fair rent to-day may, from oircumstanoes for whioh the tenant is not responsible, be a raok-rent the next season. (Hear, hear.) When to these moral and material obstacles in in the way of the Land Act we have added the national antipathy which the moral grievance of landlordism will always keep alive in the mind of the oouutry, how oan even the most sanguine English statesmen look forward to a period when Ireland will beoome reoonoiled to the sjrstem whioh is responsible for the misery and her all but social ruin P (Cheers.) Labour expended in propjping up Irish landlordism is labour in vain; it is building upon sand; it is unjust even to the landlords, beoause it is oaloulated to buoy them up with false hopes, and to precipitate their ultimate ruin by enoouraging them to disregard all self-effort now to provide for a time when Ireland will no longer support them in privileged idleness aud luxury. (Oheers.) The one hundred thousand tenant-farmers have gone into the Land Courts for the same reason which took more than double that number into the ranks of the L&nd; League—to obtain a reduotion of unjust rent; and whenever soother bad season produces a bad harvest and prevents the farmer from earning rent, he will be as ready to join another league for protection against the exaotion of 'udlcial raok-rents as he was iu becoming ng a member of the Land League; and there wilt be men iu Ireland, I hope, who will tell him that to pay rent whioh the and does not produoe, and starve his hildren for the sake ot a laey landlord, is the aot of a fool, and that the law whioh emands it is an unjust and immoral law, whioh has no higher moral sanotlon than that of a bayonet to enforoe it. (Loud oheers.) While these material forties are fighting against the efficiency of the Land Aot, there are greater moral foroes contending against the oontinuanoe of landlordism underbuy conditions. Take an instance from the West of Ireland. Lord Olanrioarde is the landlord of the town and oountry surrounding Loughrea. He takes £40,000 a year in rent from this poor looslity without outlay, trouble, superintendence, or risk. He is an absentee landlord, and spends this enormous iuoome outside of Ireland; and this man, who is thus permitted by law to abstract this wealth from the labour and the enterprise of others, not only refuses to give, but absolutely resists every attempt to buy from him a few yards of the land of Loughrea, whereon a Oatholio bishop may ereot a ohuroh In whioh the people who earn L)rd Olanrioarde's £40,000 a year oan worship the God who created the soil out of whioh it is produoed. (Loud orlesof "Shame.") Will the people of England tell me whether such a man austains their power In Irelaud or not—whether a system whioh begets suoh vindictive tyranny is one that is oaloulated to promote peaoe in a OhrUtian oountry ? (Loud oheers). Lord Salisbury, speaking in London on Thursday night last, declared that capital would not go to Ireland while legislation like the Land Aot were possible. Bat Ireland would stand in no need ot English capital if English laws did not enable men of his olass—the Lord Olanrioardes —to take fourteen or fifteen millions a ; rear out of a oountry whioh the same olass impoverishes in other waya m well. (Cheers.) It is in the draining of its wealth out of the oountry where the whole evil lies, and not in the reluotanoe of Eagllsh'e^italists to go to Ireland for a share of the money whioh landlordism is permitted to walk off with. The other point whioh oauses some EagUth minds to pause on the question of extending eelfgovernment to Ireland is easily answered. " Will the olvil and religious rights of the minority he respeoted by the majority t" The real sentiments of the Oatholio hierarchy, priests, and people of Ireland towards onr Protestant fellow-oountrvtnen in matters politioal and social were admirably expressed by the Oatholio Bishop of JUmMiok--(eheere)-at the time when Mr. Gladstone had passed the Ohuroh of Ireland Disestablishment Bill In 1868. S»d this good and patriotto prelate—" Let u. hops that the Catholic ind Protestent peo^a of IrdandRSw that a wall of separation them Mundar tor centuries b - p levelled lor ever—wiu nnn m not— able and loving brotherhood to work out band in bund the regeneration of our country. Why should we not P We are •bildren of Ireland—ohildren of the asms motfafer, equally dMr to ua all. Why ibould we not join hands to raise her up, and nourish, and wipe away the stain of long suffering from her face, and try to array her again in that moral and natural beauty that onoe was hersP" (Loud cheers.) Thiais to-day the spirit which animates the,'four mulions of Irish Oatholio Nationalists towards the million of their fellow-dountrymen of other re ligions; and suoh would be the guidini principles that would obtain m an Irish Parliament in all legislation concerning the welfare of the Irish people. (Cheers.} There is no asauranoe of this by the landlord' party. Their solioitude for the religious interests of the minority is a sham. The Oatholio south aftd west have demonstrated in a hundred ways that a man's religion shall not weigh in the seleotion of popular representatives. At the last general eleotidn the priests of Meath rejeoted a Oatholio oinndidate for the constituency in favour of the Protestant, Mr. Metge, the senior member for the oounty. Oatholio Galway elected Protestant Mitohell-Henry. (Hisses.) Mayo bioked out Oatholio George Brown, and aooej>ted the Rev. Isaao Nelson, a Presbyterian minister from Belfast, and this in a portion of Ireland where over ninety per oent. of the people are staundh Oatholios! Cork Oounty returned Mr. William Shaw, an ex-Methodist minister, while Cork oity severed a long oonneo- tion with Oatholio Nicholas Daniel; Murphy, a liberal finanoial supporter of the Ohuroh to whioh he belonged, And 1 aooepted, instead, the Protestant Mr.! Parnell—(loud oheera)—as one of its; members. And to orown this great : proof of the tolerant spirit animating not' only demooratio Oatholio Ireland, but 1 manifesting itself in the publio aots of its atriotio priests and prelates, the mem-: Eer for Oork is recognised as the leader of the Oatholio people of the oountry, as was his Protestant predecessor in that position, the late Mr. Isaao Butt. (Obeers.) There is not, because there cannot be, a partiole of real honest apprehension abroad among the Protestants of Ireland that their religion -would be interfered with or their persons injured if the oountry were constitutionally ruled to-morrbw by the voioe of the majority of its people, and assertions to the contrary by landlord atarmiststand their hireling s'onbes in the Tory Press aria but the dishonest political subterfuges of a beaten party,' vainly endeavouring to Bustain the' principle of asoendenoy as well as monopoly of land. (Cheers.) Oivil and rebellious liberty would be upheld in Ireland under a looal Parliament, as it is in Oanada and Australia, not for one section of the Irish people, bnt for all— not that Oatholio shall tr&mple; upon Protestant, or that Orahgeman shall persecute Papist; but that Protestant and Oatholio, Presbyterian hnd Methodist, Unitarian and . Jew—aye, juid infidel as well—should enjoy oivil rights and freedom from all tyranny within the four shores of Ireland.'(Loud and pro longed oheeriug.) Mr, £>avitt Di concluded his speech •fi?.. by . referring o.,--.- to a letter written by "w , him " T * ? " '. during, vthe u g irecent c u o u v municipal u i u u i u i ^ B i contests in Liverpool, and said instead of suoh a letter having been extraoted from him under false pretenoes, he had got to •ay to those who m^de this oharge that if his mend John Dfenver and his friends were called upon to fight the same contest next week he would oanoel his engagements and oome to Liverpool—(loud oheera)—to appeal to Its Irish peopl^ in an isaue where he would think there was no necessity for any suoh appeal in an issue between their true and tried Nationalist of twenty years' standing, and some English Oatholio, who although personally, doubtless, a very amiable gentleman, was at the same time not an Irishman, and oould not be in sympath; with Irish National aspirations. Wiei Mr. Denver, and his friends were mepibers of the National League and their opponents were not» how oould he, Mr. Sexton, Mr. fiealy, Mr. O'Btieb, or the leader of ths Irish people, hesitate to support the former f (Oheera.) Mr. Davltt, in oonoluslon,. urged the neoeasity of increased energy in the looal branches, to meet such an occasion as they had just experienced. Mr. Davitk having briefly replied, The proceedings terminated. A. meeting as large aa the first one was neld in another room, and this, tbo, was addressed by Mr. Davltt, who met with anotherenthudasiio Option. Mr. Davltt taiolured on Monday night I n / W ^ m Attglo.-Irfch ^roblrn J? li* JsSfSSL J^fi^P 1 station and In the hall, oonld on., __ accounted for by the faot that a largo number of English and Welshmen joined their Irish fellow-townsmen In the ovation. On his arrival at the station Mr. j f M ^ b 7 the looal oommlttee, and a band, and his reoeption was m enthusiasts as If he had landed In some southern or western town in Ireland. The hall, situated In Queen-street, is a fine new building, and it was completely thronged by a respeotable, attentive, and extremely appreciative audienoe, who lost none of their leoturer's points. 