SEARCHING FOR PHARAOH'S HOST. SOME months back the launch was announced in France of a limited liability company which, under the auspices of the Abbd Moigno, was lo undertake the dragging of the Red Sea, for the purpose of recovering the costly nrtnour and jewels worn by the host of Pharaoh ?on the memorable occasion of its pursuit of the Israelites. In duo time we wore informed of the starting from Marseilles of an expedition, ?fitted out with all the appliances of modern submarine engineering. Since then, however, nothing has been heard either of the project or its would-be realisers. Even the safe arrival of tho expedition and the commencement of operations-not to mention the contemplated trouvaille for which we will contentedly wait-have not been chronicled. Anxieties on the score of tho personal safety of tho adventurous com panions of tho Abbii Moigno are, of course, out of the question, 111 news travels much too quickly for any accident not to havo become known long ore this. But still the question as to tho progress made by this interesting mission should riot be allowed to remain in obscurity by tho socicic anonyme which has sent it out. They should remember that the relatives of tho exploring party are not the only persona who take an interest in the expedition. There is, in tho first place, that very largo proportion of tho public, who are always insatiably hun gering for Bible Evidences, and then thoro is a more restricted, but hardly less important circle, who are hungering with equal insatiety for tho dividends tho Egyptian spoil is to realise. Presuming that tho company still exists and that its enterprise has not been crippled by "the cursed want of pence," wo ask what has become of it and its expedition ? Many hypotheses will occur to the student of Biblical literature, but the most probable is that tho ex plorers-always presuming thattheroaro explorers-have boon unable to determine tho exact spot which covers tho valuable remains of the ancient Egyptian army. Modern scholarship itself is at sea on this interesting question, and wo are not aware that the Abb<5 Moigno fertile and ingenious writor that he is-has been able to clear up tho doubts which impenetrably obscure tho much desired solution. To drag the Red Sea proper would, of course, be out of the question, for at leaBt wo know it was not there, but in the contiguous Gulf of Suez that tho miraculous passage of tho Israelites took plac*. But whore .abouts in the Gulf 1 It will have been useless for the Abbd Moigno to mako inquiries of local residents, for every village claims the place ?of passage for its own neighbourhood. As for the local guides, Niobuhr tells us that they havo an ugly but dramatic trick of tolling ?each traveller that tho Israelites crossed tho sea at tho very spot tho ?question is asked. Then again, tho matter is complicated by the geographical changes which have taken place since the Israelites delivered thomsolves from their Egyptian " house of bondage.'" It is generally admitted that the Gulf of Suez anciontly extended consider ably northward of tho present town of Suez, and tho appearance of tho soil would seom to countenance this theory. The question of the passage is only how far northward it should be placed. Has tho Abbd Moigno sottlod this question ? and if so, has ho determined what pro portion of energy must bo devoted to dry land excavations, and how much to submarino burrowing ? It is reasonable to suppose that the abaenco of news from the ?explorers is duo to tho perplexity and consequent idleness in which thoy have boon plunged by some such doubts as those; but it is not .altogether impossible that thoy have met with another fate. Tho 'beautiful oasis known as Ayun Musa or Fountain of Moses "-a place identified with many of tho earlier incidents of tho Exodus, if not with tho miraculous passage itself-is now a much frequented pleasure resort, bearing something of tho same relation to Suez that Bath orOholtenliam formorlybore toLondon. It is not unlikely that our ?explorers, onco quartered in this small paradise of palms and tamarind trees, withplenty of hotel accommodation ready to hand, would willingly leave the solution of thoir anxietios to tho directorate in Paris. But what if they havo ventured conscientiously to commence operations on tho site which Arab tradition most obstinately associates with tho great Egyptian disastor-tho haunted Birket Faroun or Pool of Pharaoh. Thou it is impossible to say what may not have happened to them. Tho Birket Faroun is a largo bay, the waters of which are in .continual commotion, caused-so saith local legend-by the unquiot Bpirits of tho drownocl Egyptians. From tho sand and rocks round about hot sulphurous springs perpetually rise, emitting a disagreeable brimstone smell, and leaving ovory whore a ghastly white incrustation. These springs--Hammam Faroun, or " Bath of Pharaoh," as they .aro called-are highly esteemed for thoir medical virtues by tho natives, who bathe where tho juncture of the cold waters of the bay with tho ?hot waters of tho springs, produces a delicious tepid temperature. But thoy never venture to batho hero, nor do native mariners dare to .cross the stormy opening on tho gulf without first propitiating tho angry ghost of tho Pharaoh of tho captivity with a specially prepared ?cake. It is ono of tho most ancient beliefs in the locality, dating back even before tho rise of Islam, that on dark nights the gigantic form of tho Egyptian monarch may bo soon rising from the waves of the Birket ?Faroun ; and then woo unto tho luckless wight who ventures too near . without the necessary tribute. He is doomed. The phantom screeches the unearthly yell, which, it is recorded, almost frightonod tho waters into standing on ond again at the timo of tho original engulfmont, ^Btretohes'fortli his ghostly arms, and then both ho and his victim dis appear. If tho expedition of tho Abbri Moigno have not already suc ?oumbod to the horrors of tho Birket Faroun, they might, while thoy are about it, Bearch for tho valuables worn by tho more recent victims of -thin watery neoropoliB. For this immediate purpose tho company aniglit issue Preference ShareB. From The Jewish World. A IiAnaa number of workiuf» men from South Russia recently passed through Kowno (Russia), on their way to assist in the erection of new fortreasea on .the frontier. The authorities, having observed a disposition on the part of tho men to plunder the Jews, took the timely precaution of Bonding a guard of soldiers to accompany each batch as they passed through tho places inhabited by Jews. In this way mischief was happily pre vented. 