Sporting Mems. Polestar, sold for £200, goes to India. Distemper is playing sad havoc with the Victorian sporting dogs. If Beach fails with Hanlan, Clifford will test the Canadian's powers. The Emerald Hill larrikins gave a visit- ing football team a disgracefal reception. Sting, the Adelaide Cup winner, goes to India, and if successful there, to England. Corrigan, the famous colonial steeplechase rider, has recovered, and is again in the saddle. A real Queensland reception given to Hanlan at Brisbane-3000 present to receive him. Livingstone, a smart runner at New- castle, on the 25th, covered 10 miles in 59min. 31sec. Garfield has hardened to 6 to 1 for the Melbourne Derby, and Despot is finn at 100 to 3 for the Cop- . A lofty grandstand after the English pion is projected for Bandwick. Admission to be a guinea. By a majority of 80, the English House of Lords boa decided to allow the continuance of pigeon shooting. Brooks, one of the best South Melbourne footballers, is suffering from blood- poisoning, occasioned by the bite of a dog. The Australians defeated the Liverpool players with one wicket to spare. It was the best con- tested match of the series. The victorious Essendon team of foot-*' ballers have gone to Tasmania, to win three matches-and fill the infirmaries with wounded. Beach is training in real earnest for his coming match with Hanlan. Tom Kelly is looking after him, and he has Sharland, of Tasmania, and Messenger to keep him going on the water. Thirteen sporting scribes, in writing of an event at the Canterbury races, said that at the turn " the winner came like a racehorse." How else would hs come-if he was going to win P There is no trace of Mr. Jones, " of Ade- laide," a notorious welcher who victimised 40 or 50 sportsmen at Mudgee recently. He was pursued for 20 miles-in the wrong direction. Hutchens, the English champion walker, offers young Murphy, of Victoria, £25 to go to London. Murphy's father declines, but win allow Hutchens £75 to come to Australia for a £1000 match. At the Seven Hills pigeon match, a gun . exploded, causing serious injury to the face of a bystander. Bow often are people to be told that the bore is not the place for the ramrod when you're about to fire. The track on the private training grounds of Mr. W. Long at Liverpool, near Sydney, is as good as Bandwick or Flemington, and 1 mile 3 furlongs distance. It would look as if the Hon. James White and Mr. Long were resolved to reign kings of the Australian turf. Tommy Corrigan, the celebrated steeple- chase rider, lost a valuable imported greyhound by poison recently, near Melbourne. In the same locality, Ute valu- able stud dog, Be Happy, was also poisoned by strichnine. Another 1500 guineas gone. Mr. John Lee's imported horse Scamp hasl succumbed to inflamn mation. The proposed Stock Insurance Company of N.S.W., in future will prevent any such loss being privately sustained. The Victorian Gold Cup (handicap steeple- chase), run a few days ago, turned out avery hollow altair. Fickle, with 12st. 51b., won in a canter; the other two, Blue Jacket and Gilderoy, having persistently baulked. The betting was even on the winner. Men are like sheep. They follow. That is why, at a recent boxing match in Sydney, when a few confederates threw some silver into thc ring, where the combatants had fought a hot round, hundreds of others, to show off, sent the " siller" flying too. In the opening match of the series, the Sonth Australian footballers defeated the Waratah team atSydney-the scores being-the visitors 10 goals. Waratah 1 goal. If there is any other team that likes to give Sydney a thrashing, now is the time to come along. The chestnut colt by Grand "Flaneur-' Amethyst, is said to be the coming horse of the N.S.W. performers. Unfortunately he was foaled a few days before the proper time, and is thus ont of the stakes for youngsters. Monoghan, however, has him in hand for tho big events. There's another genuine pedestrian con- test on the board at Sydney. Malone, the Irish athlete, on the 17th July, at Botany, meets Hillyard, the Queens- land champion, in a match for £100 aside. Malone gives Hillyard three yards in 150, so that a grand contest may be looked for. The Ladies' Trophy, run for last week at Flemington, was won by The Ghost, Sut 31b., Primus being second, and Dilemma third. Primus should hava won, bnt Power, who was riding him, made his call too late. The winner was at 8 to 1 and Primus at any figure. Two horses fell in the race, and Burton, the rider of Lesbia, was much hurt. August 9 is the date fixed for the match between Matterson, the coming man of the Clarence, and Bobert Edwards, of Melbourne. £100 is the figure, and the contest is over tho champion course on thc Parramatta Biver. Lots of Victorian money is going fast on the Mel- bourne man, but we believe young Matterson will defeat the plucky little Yarraman. The steeplechase rider, M'Leod, was neatly euchred on the post at Caulfield, a few days ago, by another knight of the saddle nanied Malone. M'Leod was riding Fickle, the winner of the Gold Cup Steeplechase, had all his horses beaten, and sailed np thc straight quito leisurely. But Malone, on Stampede, crept up, and with a final rush, snatched the prize from lum. At a recent ratting tournament, at Mel- bourne, one terrier got at the rats while the committee were arranging particulars. When everything was readv, it was found that the pup had mode sad havoc with the game. Only one sweepstake consequently could be got through. Mr. Clarke's Dick won, killing his ten rats in the space of 35sec. The second dog, Tupos, took 1 min. 24sec. over eight rats. Fred Archer, the great English jockey, innst beaterror-totake the results of the Spring (C.) Meet- ing, just concluded. On the first day, he rode Sir Regi- nald in the All Aged and won ; sister to Kincardine in the Sweepstakes, »nd won ; and Keir in the Spring Kandi. ? cap, and won. On the second day-Helicon in the Selling Plate, and won ; Lowercinthtin the Guineas and won ; and Insignia in the Two-year-old Stakes, and won. In threo events he was placed. The boxing match fixed for the 26th July for £200 (between Farnan, of Melbourne, and Jack- son, now of Sydney, is likely to be a bigger success than the Foley-Miller affair, and heavy wagering is going along on the event. Jackson is allowed £25 to go over from Sydney, and he is now being put through by Larry Foley. He stands 6ft. ½in. and weighs 13st. in form. Farnan is represented as a miniature Sullivan, and a hot battle with the gloves may be expected. Our last half-crown however goes on the man with the woolly head. Power, who was nearly killed in. the col- lision between Morpeth and Martini-Henry at Bandwick, has quite recovered. He rode Primus a gallant race for the Ladies' Bracelet at Flemington, a few days ago, and was second to O'Brien, who rode The Ghost. Last year, in the same race, O'Brien was first and Power second in their mounts-a strange coincidence rather. Yet one or two other strange circumstances. The bracelet hos been won two years in succession by horses called Thc Ghost, and last year, as this year, Mr. Pearson won the second bracelet in the affair. Following are the latest quotations on big coming events :-V.E.C. Derby : 600 to 100 v. Garfield (tk and off). Melbourne Cup : 1000 to 30 on the field. Caul field and Melbourne Cups : 1000 to 2 Ironmaster and Clap- trap (tk), 1000 to 2 Fryingpan and Commotion (tk), 1000 to 2 Hurricane and Guesswork (tk), 1000 to 2 Maina and King of the Gipsies (tk), 1000 to 2 Capri and Caima (tk), 1000 to 2 Capri and Chuckster (tk), 1000 to 2 others (off). V.K.C. Derby and Cup : 1000 to 20 Garfield and Garfield (tk), 1000 to 20 Bargo and Bargo (tk), 1000 to 10 Exmiustcr and Ex minster (off), 1000 to 4 mixed goods (off). The first match played and won in Eng- land by the Australians-that with Lord Sheffield's team -called forth this remark from a sporting paper :-" As a rule the English batting was feeble, and the Australians beat them at all points by an innings and 8 runs, their fielding being superb all through. It will thus bc seen that the Australians have made nn exceptionally good commencement ; and if some steps are not taken to get teams to practice together, there is no doubt but that their career throughout the cricket season will be one unbroken series of triumphs." Results unfortunately have turned out otherwise. There was a great crowd at the Sydney Gymnasium recently, to witness a series of sparring events, by way of a benefit entertainment to Powell, the young Sydney boxer who recently won the Australian champion- ship at Melbourne. One of the best events of the evening was the set to between Dooley, a Sydney artist, and Jack- son, the nigger, who shortly meets Farnan, of Melbourne, in a match for £100 aside. Jackson showed himself to be a finished boxer, and his chances of a win with Farnan are now considered much better. Powell, the beneficaire, boxed in capital style with a heavy-weight, named Camp- bell, and showed himself to have splendid science combined with great staying powers for so small a man. 