THE [?] IN STATE SCHOOLS. A meeting of ministers of religion, convensd His Lordship Bishop Kennion, was held the Church Office, [?]-street, on Wed-<*> Sunday morning, to consider the question of ?imihfiftti Bibls fa State acWwls. Bishop, mhu uawpiad thoobair.havlng Mi tortglityteiMW*^ gon> ?C condolmos to wQk? should pi 2^ ia w"i22Zd to ' wS£a f! d* ??"*l*—'in?d auamters oC religion l^^fcdioomoof ?n^tnoandnnhmyaf Sooth humbly desire to ofier an expree- deepest sympathy in tht nd ?* your Majesty in the death of Joan^wo. The whole i^^^^Ea of wn Majesty's widowed ?^^?PFMnM LsonelaTlfcmw of Albany, hearts of sJI loyal and thought* EllwSbjmai cf y<mrgt?*ious Majesty on tt*s EmiS?t?theotheraid*oftheworld, We Krannot bat thank A 1—'ft**;* Coif the loan* feata of aUwi?ioe?, who bed so enriched the prince with Hia heavenly graoefor the lessons whichhiashort life hM taught. Hit manly fortitude under saflcrJngs-his diligeutde ?in to ntiliie lor othen thep^kt talenujrith Bjhtrt in th ?Mttd tar wfP—*y "~* ?-y* sympathy of hia character had endeared Sim to aunfns who desire, in however huartle ? ?ibdv, to take our partiinJurthering those movements for toe good of your Msjoety'o movie which be waa ever foremost in advanc ing. For the reverent faith of hia life, the ex. ?aiple be baa act of a wiae eon's ooadient following- ?? the foosteps of a wiae father, we, aa ministers of religion, cannot too deeply express our gratuud* to the Al mighty. Bat we mourn for hia death. We asias a ?? conn—Hot, who with ripening >ears waa proving himself a bleating indeed to bis country. Earnestly do we pray that Christ tbe consoler, to whom is n? separation, | ?ay comfort the aonowing heart of yoa* Majesty a&d; of the Boyal widow of tne l*f urn?, and that in the gracMua spirit of our nieruful Father jour Majesty may have tbat peace which the world cannot give. la dutiful-and loyal obedience, we are your Majesty's bumbi? and faatnful aubjecta." Tbe Bishop, resuming, said he would Use the meeting to take aome action with regard to the Becidivmte BUI, whicn wat likely to have ao disastrous an effect upon the neighboring islands. He oould not help thinking that aa miniatera of religion they had a tigot to ?l?ak out on tbia qoeation, notmerelyfioeia ?olouau' point ot view, cor aaieiely as atfect* ing the interests of the nation, bat asmea v>ho mrt together because tbtir vocation waa easeDtially a religious one. To launch the criminals of France on those islands where nearly all the churches were trying to carry on some kind of missionary week was in itself a crime, and they should act so as to show the French | people at any rate Oat the vowo of religion osoid be heard in each n matter as this one. < (Hay. km) Ho sugg-tari that a raall cosustttsa shouMi be appointed to net with bis?self with reference to the subject (Hear, hoar.) In ha opening resmrka on the read- I ing of ?ho Bible in Stoto schools, he mid he i wonld Hko to any ? word m tvoas to their right to meet toyethor and diaeam the educa tion questien. They had heard much aaid at the meeting the other day, and they must haw ta*4> jmvtkastrly interesting expan* aaonof the news which were promulgated at the meeting in nleadtog artfele fa one of the Bewipapen appearing on the following day. He could not helpthinldog that if they had ? light to sseet together at all-lie would grant that this waa open to question—surely, of all subjects, anything that concerned the education of the young should have their SBOst earnest attention. He questioned whether they .would find any bony ot men belonging to any one voeatioo among whom aostany had taken an interest and a practical share in edneattonal work aa had ministers ef reticle*, and therefore for tbat reason alone it seemed to him that they, whose work it was to consider the anbjeet, whose duty it waa to consider it, and with whose whole office the work of oducation easmed ao samouahly interwoven, had aright to come ferwaid to discats any educational Bill .or educational Act wbioh aught be brought prominently before them. Then, when They remembered that they were all wvrktec under the command ot their Biemtd Lord, **F?td say lamb*," he dMtnot think that a* ministers of religion tl?ycould rianinfn J"i- W to tte ebaracter of tee intellaotaal food which was supplied to these young ones. (Hear, hear.) A* to the reporters not having been invited to the meeting on Friday, the msaling was a private ???, be did not know how hie proposal to cae miniaters would be taken up, and tbere f ear. to have invitedmw tonortara would have beenals?cetto slaJtify hm own nation. He, howercr, gladly wslsomed timreportets there that day. They had man the resolutions whiahartertbe wilting on Friday he drew up and sent to the newspapers too late, ho waaafraid; for the critkmm upon them in tae but unfortunately be was not able to despatch them aarWrr. Taming to the subject of the day, ho asked himself what otacr course could possibly be proposed with regard to religious teaching in our State achools than that embodied in the rmolations be had ventured to aandto the newspaper. As to the +?fr**"t rewngnitinn of religious teaebi?g fa the present Ast, he wonld rather not have it as au. Srothiogappearedtohimao daagerouam for the school system to appear to relieve parents of reaponribuities without ?""?f adequate provision for dieehargiag that reeponaalMlity fully fa the aehool. He ?ud not care to deal with what was done ?nteide school hours. It eeemed to him that that was altogether beside the mask. It was not for the Govomemnt ?r for any Act to say what should be done fa religious tsanhtng outside aehool boon. We lived in a free country where there wss no State church (bear, hear)—and did not expect the Government to have anithing to say with reapeot to religious fr sowing outside school hours. (Hoar, hear.) Bat the Government waa reaponsibls for the teaching given during school honis. Ho bad lookeoT round about to am what other scheme could possibly U adopted. Some of them had read n letter written by Arab. d?aeon Povonndtae loismnits of the news paper upon if. Of coarse some might my ?bat the Government shonldpay a grant on account of such scholars who pass tht in spector's examination fa their i ocular work, leaving the entire masmeamont of religious tottmetion and of the ssboai to those who had buiUandwhocarrkd on the aabooL This waa done fa Kngmnd, where it wmknosmaa Oe dtneminational syatom. How aappoateg the denominational sjstam am a wioely esmb. Maaed iv the eoloay the religious dU?nalty mightbeeaidfaacertofa aenaetobe got rid of. He bad, however, two quottton to ask on ths?p??at,firo-"Cantne?ystempoaubly work ?? and secondly, '? Wonld tfae colony far onea?omentstsndter* (Hear, bear.) They most take taiafcs as they were, and if they were to cstabliah wkat waa known as tht dcnomiDational system they mu<t provide their buildfaga, jrhieh the Government io apfctoraauttbeableto report upon aa being sufficient; they must provide their teashfa* staff and thaw fittings fa the school*, which the Government iiiepartor mast be able to re port oponm befajr cJ?dent, nod they would have as the earns time to compete with the State icbools as y> the teecuer himself. He dared cot reckon the coat of theereetioa erthemeintenenos of each acbooU. Wuat would betbe result if they were to abandon the platform be bad ventured to take up. aad to take up on the other hand the sutuidumg of other than State schools for tbe eecular education they might impart. In a fso-favored places religions teaching would be given to tbe full aatisfaetton ef the denomination which boiU the school, but) else whero because the denominational system had been adoptod ??other kind of religious teaching would be provided for, or sanctioned at aIL deeondly, the colony would not stand the denomi. rational system, and Mr. Cox's speech last Friday against tbe system placed nefore the meeting seemed to him to be addressed to the ghost of deiwminartonal edueatton. (Hear, hoar.) He tamed now to tbe so-called unde ?omiawtional system. He did not like tbe term. It esemsd tpooften to him the least LcamsrissutepUofreUgionweooQldpowi?ly tod. What wo wanted was a system which should not proselytise, should not attract to awy daawmfnstinnal party, and wbiob ha might venture to describe as the gr?atestc?m mwi mssams of mUgion we could get. He tamed to thmeysUen, not because be thought stwm the best, but beoause it seemed to mm the best available for tb? colony In -->p porting it hsdidnotdenyhiejself.oran?ott?* isatlsamn the right to fownd sehoola aa corafag to bis own denominatiwi. H?, however, atroogly repodiaUd what bat been suggsstad la n leading articl fa tbe isswspapar that day, that by tbe action he was taking ho was tryto* to cot in the thin end of the wedge. (Hoar, Scar.) It waa an unfair ho most not say amvamtton, basalt the paper wonld nay they did not accuse, nor woulefh* say it was an miai?uams?ubeeaase that eeeated too hard on the writer whoever he smgkt be-bwk he did s?t like the eolergiveolnthat article to hia aiiilsm, go wasMnat isni thai if ho mw hia way toeatahttihbv Church of Eugfcmdavhoois for Church of England childncfhe would do it dinette, hutthm was a totally distinct thing. He wanted to ace aome nligioas eo^io?tkn iamajtod in oar State eetoola, end to tod aoa?Tiin?mate in tto matter. (Hear, bear.) They knWtho kind of silnnarmn given in the other colonise, but comtag to America to eommsnded to their notice a work written by tto Bey. James Frazer. since Bishop of Maaebaster. on the schools of tto United Slates and Upper and Lower Canada. He knew that tto book was written baton Mr. Forster introduced his Education BUI into tto House of Commons; indeed, the edu cational system of Bogland tod bmn la a great measun affected by the nport of Mr. Fnzer. In Ito American aotools provfaion was made for reading tto Bible, and for opening tto work of tto day with pnyar. In Scotland, worn nligioua education wasiov parted, the primary setutols wen really daserv ingofallpralaa, In?nglandthenwentwo great systems side by side, namely, the volun tary or danomicational aystem, and the board school system, aad be wished to remind them of this became tto Government 1a comparative statement as to tto education systems of Bog land and Australia only took account of tto board school aystem. Now what wen the facts with regard to Knajaml. He took bis figures from tto educational returns for Bag land for tto year 1882. At the end of that jear then waa in board schools accommoda tion for 1,290,746 children,and involuntary or iknomiualioiial schools then was accom modation for no lese than 3,239.574 children. Again, there vfeso on the board school registers 1,305.362 children, and on tto registers of the denominational schools 2,884,250, although the increase of tto board school system was helped on in every possible way by tto Government. Tto increase on the average attendance on the preceding year in the Cburcb of England schools only in ISBI was no leas thaal9.ooo children, hut tto increase in the average attendance in ISS2 over that of lfcSl waa no less than 43,000. He called attention to these facts in order that they might bear in mind that tto denomi national school system in Bngmad was ex pressly established for tto purpose of giving religious as well as seculsr instruction, ana that the school-board sj stem did gin nligioas aaweUaasecumrinstruetion,withthecxception perhaps of aome CO or 70 board schools through out tbe whole of England. Now the principles to thought should actuate us to had em bodied in tto resolutions which they had aesn in print. Having alluded to tto difficulty which arose as to tto attendance of children whtn the reading of the Bible had to take place outside school hours, he ad dressed himself to tbe various clauses of tbe motions he piopossd to bring forwwd. Beferring to tto conscience clauses of tto propositions to mentioned that when Bishop Barry waa In Adelaide, knowing that that gentleman had been for several yean a member of tto licodon School Board, be bad asked him whether any diffi cultly had bean experienced with regard to tto masters or head-teachen of tto school giving such nligious instruction aa was pro vided for by tbe ngumdons of tto board, *' Certainly aot" aaU?iahop Barry. It had bean urged as an objection to tto reading of tto Bible ia State acaeols that those children whose parenta objected to their being present when tto Bible waa read would ton nothing jto do, but what waa to prevent their n calving secular inafeoctloa at tto aame ! tuie. (User, hear.) At tto risk of weary. i ing them be would read some of thenguU ! sFtf ft)mu> TmiMfanaaaM SsWahsVaVal ibmawimaL wtftif*h ' wen aa follows :-"Ia tto iitouli provided by the board tto Bible atoll to real, and , then shall to given such explanations ' and such instruction therefrom in tbe principles of morality and religion as an , suited to the capaettms of tto dBUno, pro vided alwaye that in each explanations and instruction tbe provisions of tbe Act in sec tions VIL and XIV. to strictly obserred both in latter and spirit, and that no attempt to made to attach children to any particular ! denomination. Daring tto time of religious 1 teaching or observance any children with : drawa from such teaching or obeervaace I shall receive nsparats instruction on I atoular subjects" "A syllabus of ant jeots of Bible instruction for oae month i m advance must to prepared by tto I teacher and forsrarded to tto Board lat tbe beginning of each month." ' The sections of the Act soft wed to wen as follows :-VIL L "It shall not be required ! asaoobditioa of any child hsiag admitted, or continuing in tto school, that he ehall t attend or abstain from attendingany Sunday* school or any place of nligious worship, or : that to shall attend any ruligiei obmrvaaca. ,or any insUottion in religious subjects in tto I school or eliawtoia from which olnotiauua or j instruction to may to withdrawn by his parent, or that be shall, if withdrawn by his parent, attend tto school on any day ex* dnaivtly eet apart for religious observance by tto rengioas body to watch hb parent be i longs. fcTae time or tisees during which any rrHgtous observance is practised or in ! stroetkm in religions subjects Is given at any \ meeting of tbe echool. ehall to either at the ; beginning or at the cad or at tto beginning I aad at the end of such meeting; and any I scholar may to withdrawn by his parent for | aueh observance or instruction without (for i (siting any of tt?? other benefits of the ! school*, &c;" XIX. -No religious eate | iti jam or religious formality which is ob structive cf any particular denomina tion shall to taught in tto school." He {earnestly toped that in .this matter they might to united, and he ahought there waa no easier way of solving tto question which was now before them than ay adopting tto motions which to hod brought forward. He there fon earnestly commended then motions to them, asd hoped that auch influence aa they aught happen to possess might to utilised ia supporting tto principles which they held. andthet please Goof they might get hi* holy name talked of, nvenaotd, and fsand in tto reaching of tto young la tto Stan i schools of thia colony. He mend tto ant I resolution:—L "Thatno system of iastroo tion in our Btatoaohools is regarded by us as ?Hgi? 4*& ajcj*. tntiqdt BiWe read Ingandteaching.- (AppUuea.) Tto Bey. H. T. BcauEss sscondad tto motion. Tto Bey. D. Paxw, B.A-, moved ttofoV lowing amsndmrnt:— MTJmt no aystem of Sfliiisiswiisim:Bnli<l byMMsnvaiaatwhkh does not icclude Bible teaching or religious instruction, but that it It ao port of tto duty of tto State to anridoUeC* la lat lartanJat his amendment to tto sarerlng to expressed his regret that to could aot agne to tto motion of tto bishop, because, aithaagh ia hearty rimpathy warn tto objm* vhioh it eontempmtod.he entirely difleredfrom it as to tto method fa which that object waa to to aecuMd. Baths did ao mainly for the relief aad disburdenasent cf hb own conscience; to dared not hold Ms praee, aad to oat Mmseit sight with tto public, that his position might Uthoroughly oao^etoodby thmm. Hedis tinguisbed between tto nading and tto teach* teg of tbe Bible. TMy wen neither synony mous nor commensurate with each other. A great deal might to aaid for tto one which could not be said for the other. His amend ment dealt, and dealt purposely, with tto i teaching and not tbe reading of toe Bible—a ! aubject which should be considered on its own merits. Tbe reasons which lad him to frame that resolution wen aa follows, aad to would i express them in the briefest possible terms: —First, because the State when meddling I with religious questions, either in tbe way of | prohibition or enforcement* is exceeding its | own proper functions. What was ths State? Every component member of tto body politic repressntedbythegovernaMntaodtbelegis. letan for the time being. What wereits functions? To provide security for parsons and property, to administer law aad jostioe, to menage and adjust tto financial attain cf tto country, ana. in a word, to regu late its domestic end foreign policy as a political instateaoo or aooUl Miaiiinllnii It tod no right to take sJu?forttagalaaftttoa?U?*onof any aarty or faction ?S to bounds. Seooadly. Became if it waa tto duty wt tto State to pto videttomiatem?Bemjito data; to ftwrlde tto maximum of nttgious tsacoJag. If in assail doses then ia large, if for the young then for the old, in one word for tto whole eommnnltv. Tto lalmisis eeamstaatly ap> plied, it ascamedtowimTSoald lead logbsUJy to tbe building, cstanlirtimaar, and support of Christian chnrehes. He was far from saying that tto aupporten of tto motion m?antordealndthat > b?t that was whatssamad to him to be involved in it. ThhwJy. Be cause if provision was made out of tto public exchequer for fulfilling the wishes of nine tenths of the population provmkm saamld amo ?? S^A&m;** 0* *? ***** ?**? ?**-? tana, ottorwma under tto gums of religion a and tto consciences of many aaood and honest maojriolatedbeala?rWtt^ Be! cause the whole proemma ainagemant pro ceeds upon a miaapprihenmoa unaard to ttocoinauiiioatioa and awaking ofVteiiS reUgious spirit. Hew could m^tf riottSmi selves nligious nomidin msaiiig others re ttgkna, young ar old, even with tto best KoksintWiraand. Waanaotatraj?gethat iailamrawsaws* religious taarliim **?iri to advocated la aa assembly of maawto pro famed to bsUen iatte liimsllj ofconvsr. such aa then to fait nntatialasd to auberit ?i?^ amendment. (Hw, hear). The Bey. F. W. Cox aitaadsd ttnamaiifl ment,asits terms ware in harmony with hm own fcelinga. Itdidactresllymatterwhothor we tadte? automatic, a ooiatlliilloml. ao ailstocratici, a rtemocratlu, or any otter tern ofQasainmaiil, ao long aa that Qorcnant kept within to piow* limits. The aft*. chief in communitm wm occasioned when ? Government want beyond its func tions. A gentleman had ooce aid to him that ha would prohibit the wad in* of Shakapean in oar schools if the leading of fihahspaaii) ware contemplated ftomtbe hm point of view as the nadiag of the Bible. IVrnwasagoodoMinttafc Let them Issaginathat then was a widespread feeling in South Australia that a knowledge of the writings of Shakapean was absolutely essential to the well- being of the people. That in consequence of that widespread feel, ing inatitatea. wcm established in every. village in the colony for the reading of Bhahapeare only, that owing to differences ?f opinion as to the interpretation of amae of Shakspearo'a characters, f nab institutes wen built, and that by thia means then was a division aaaoog the people aa to the mat iv of Shaksoeare. The Government then woold have a perfect right to aay that they would exclude Shakspean from our martins; hooka because if wo keep bis works in our school books, we cannot help exciting the opposition ami hostility of at least one class of tho com munity, Xo a gnat extant this was an illustratioa of what tho reading of the Bible in State schools would lead to. and it seemed to him that tho intro duction of Bible-reading into oar publio schools would be a stop beyond the province of tho Government The circumstaaoes of Bngmnd and the colonies wan altogether different, lie perfectly agreed with the letter of Archdeacon Dove waon the archdeacon had said that our Parliament had no religion. He did not think the Government or the Par liament ought any more than a mining or railway board to have any religion— (laughter)—and of course he would be under stood as referring to collective and not to individual religion. Aa to the poll which had been taken with reference to the reading of tho Bible in State schools, and which baa resulted In the declaration of &,000 paraots in favor of the proposed Hauling of the Bible, he expressed himself astonished that there wen so many who objected to the proposal of tho eodety when it was considered how papers of that kind wen got up, and how one person of influence could indues others to aign a requiauion, no ~*-ff*"" to what subject it might refer. The circular of the society had been presented to the paronte, and it bore with it a certain amount of authority and a certain amount of in?uence. (Cries of "So.") Really the society or that meeting proposed to asakc a schoolmaster teach religion whether ho liked it or not. Mr. Pjitos—No. A teacher would not bo compelled to read tho Bible to his echool if he bad any conscientious scruples. Mr. Cox was quite aware U that, but would aay eehoolmaster like to gin up his place when the time arrived for tho reading of the Bible? Would ho like his chOdnn to think that ho was not fitted for tho per formance of a certain dux* ? He opposed the motion. (Hear, near.) The Bey. Allax Webb supported the motion because he believed it waansussary to gin our children ethical laaililin The Government had tho power to punmh crime, and tho Government ehenld auotaaoh how crime was to be avoided. In Saw South Wales, he pointed out, the lemons oontalnrri in the Irish school hooka wen called into requi , kition. The system, as bo knew from hmjaer -1 aonal experience, worked admirably ; and Sir Henry Parkes, perhaps one of the aatutast statesmen in the Australian colonies, had warmly supported it. It waa now universally the system employed in New South Wales. (Hear, bear.) The Bey. Thos. Lloyd warady supported | the motion, and urged that the legislature I should listen to the voice of the great ma jority of this colony. The present system of education, whioh had been often described aa godless, was out of harmony with the requirements of the country, as it was also out of harmony with the educational institu tions of England Ireland and Sootland. For twenty jean wo had the Bible read In our achcols, but it had been determined to adopt a different system, and Accordingly a system had been introduced ; which, while giving ample secular instruc- I ties, did not gin tho children that instruo tion with regard to tho principles of morality which wo all wished to ace. (Hear, hear.) In Aaseriea, the State supported the reading of the Bible in schools. (The Bey. J. Bick ford-"No; tho munieipalitiee.') Well. . the State in a broader aanaa waa laapoaalhla. and the money lor education panimi was raised by taxation, whether local or other wise. Tho anomaly of our system of eduoe ; tton could ha easily demonstrated. Watts we actually refused to sanction cither ra> . luious or moral teaching in our school*, so ; soon as a man committed a crime we actually sent to the stockade a Bible-reader paid by . the SUte to administer to the spiritual n quiremeat of that prisoner. (Applause and laughter.) This one fact alone, and many 1 others could be deduced, showed that our ; legislation was not harmonious. (Applause.) Dean RisaEix warmly supported tbV ' mouse, and cembatted the logic of the argu ?. meats used by Mr. Paten. He asaintainadin 1 opposition to the statements asada in one of the newspapers that in this colony, at : all events, however different it might be in France and Italy, the eerie -1 elastics wen allied on the side of progress. He was a Badioal, and ho con tended that it waa tho duty of the State to ! gin the children auch instruction in the .matter of conduct as to enable them by- aad fbye to become good citizens. The State had ,in n measnn noognissd tho necessity of ! moral and nlislaua training in our ar heels. I aad this being tho ease the State mnst face aay difficulty that arose. It had bean aaid that it would aot to fair to call on teachers to gin nligious explinsHona when their oonMiaaces lad them to object to each a coons of action. IKo one asked them to. (Hear, hear.) Vnlaaa hewaa aa absolute atheist the asan nailing of the Bible could aot to contrary to hie canaclence. They did not ask the teacher to gin an explanation of-any of the passages of the Bible, and ha btliand .the number af tsachen who would object to the propssals embodied lo the Bwhop's resolutions would to innailulmslty aman. They mam aot ?skisg for daaoariaatioaal itmmat> though ptnonalry to thought that jastfae oaght to to mated out to then schools which wen act under the superintaadeaoa of the State. He had had a Church of England eehool for 14 years, through which 3,000 acaolan had passed, and In only one can had a parent expressed misgiving aa to the impartiog of Biblical instruction. He disagreed with Archdeacon Dove on one point, and that waathat to believed we could not have a Parliament that bad no religion —(applause)—and be enhanced this by re ferring to the various matters involving the question of the morality of the country with which the Parliament bad to deal. He did not know who were to b" the new represen tatives of the country in Parliament, but ha j did tvukt that some men would go into the House of Assembly who would thoroughly appreciate the moral responsibility which rested with them in dealing with this question of Bible- reading in Btete schools. (Ap plause.) Canon Green aaid be waa not only a Liberal to the backbone but right through to the other side. (Laughter.) He did aot look on the State as the outcome or repre sentative of public opinion. He could aot belprememberingthewordsoftheBeriptun, "that kings reign and princes decree/ and to looked ea the Government of every country ea earth as the repnsentetin of the Supreme Government in heaven. And to aaid thercfon, and to trusted with due nveraaoaj ; that the State of any country had a perfect I tight, and ought in tho exercise of these divine functions to deal with any eubieet i which the groat God himmlf would consider if to wen ben. What subject than waa of mon importance tone than the education of theyoung? The nfanaeamade by Mr.Cox toShakespaan certainly had aoaaathing in it. Than waa a good deal of nonsann in it. (Laughter.) The Bey. B. 8. Casely aupported the amendment, and expressed hisaurprise at the attitude adopted by Mr. Lloyd that day with retard to tto reading of the Bible in State achoola. He lememnand full well a sorie spoadence which took plaasia an MatsMs paosr a nw yearn ago, and in which Mr. Coyotooka ji eminent part. At that time bewasabUtoagrMwralfr.Llpvd, though bengnttad toeay that to could act do cc at taV preasnt time. Now Mr. Lloyd aaid that tto majority ought to govern. Seam few yean ago tohadAd that tto auaarity ought to govern. (Hear, hear.) Whaa ink the programme of tbe?lbleia State aaawals Socwty was formulated the idea sjaa thai the Bible ilhhilil to read la our achoam. Hew ?'?€>.") So what extent wan they goag Would they ham a Unitarian mashsr sx vUriHlb lisas, or a taasksr of anathar fanomfiaHon gMag Us reading ?C tko Soiptarn? According to tifcTrosotatioes walea tin bkhop intended to Mac forward, if a teanhsr objected to read ths BOO* as would he nqnindaChfa?, Om ?m no other provision anas as undoubtedly weald be nsnsnry. Bsferring to ths poU which has been token by the Bible in State Schools Boaety, be said be did not think the sbjnaliiio* won worth the paper they were written on, and in coaclamon he expressed hmnslf of opinionihat the State had really no bustnam to inter fen with thequssttan whisk had been brought before the ?iitln > that morning. (Hear, hear.) The Be*. J. Bickford intimated Oat he had intended to nova an aiaendnsnt to the motion proposed by the Bishop, had he not been forestalled, BewssoppoMdtotbeaMtion because he believed that at praetnt the people could art what they wanted in rsspeot of '*- iing nf the ritiir iirnnr fftets ?rhnsla. sod it was ? significant fact that although this privilege existed only two out of 223 schools had taken advantage of it Toe Be*. E. Bobke defended the poU which had been takes, and aimed chat now. fluence bad been exerted toindncoths patents to vote in favor of Bible reading, and said that the figures showed that practically aU tbeparenta of children attending; the mate schools had voted. Xboasseiiaaa?t was negatived by 23 votes, to 6, the bamop voting with tbe majority. eVEbe Bey. J. Ltall moved as a further aaienilaKut—"That as the Bible has exer cised a powerful inflnenos upon our aaodern civilisation, and is an integral portion of the literature of the world, and as no other de parteMntof ntsratureis excluded byatotato from the Mate schools, Oh) aw ting ? of opinion that the edoaation department ought to make provision for the reading as ? part of the work of the school of selected portions, such selected portions to be read simply at literature without dogmatic tearhing of any kind. The Bey. J*?Y. Simtsov seconded the motion. Canon Ghees amid it would be a monstrous theory to introduce the best of all books into our schools asa men work of literary value. After farther diseunaoa the aiasarjnsnt waskstby22voteeto6,and tht motion was then carried by JL votes to 7. Toe Bishop awved—"That it ii essential that rah Bible reading and teaching shall be given during school hours. The Bey. H. T. BrseEss nnondea the motion. Toe Bey. J. Bi< kfori> moved the following amendment:—"Ttoat as Bible teaiHm ood teaching by the maater or head tsaeher can* not be appropriately observed during toe ordinary routine of sobool| work without seriously interfering with the due order and tmekacyof the duly exerasm of the school, this meeting to of opinion that the only available time florsnah religious cxercica as Bible reading and mashing should be pro. tldtd before the hour appointed for cms mescing orrtinmj etibuul work. Bat that in every instance it shall be optional with the master or head teacher to ajvo Bible loading and teaching to the achool; and farther. Oat it shall be also optional wtth the wants to icrmit their ehOdran to attandaeicfeexasemas tr not." The amendment was not seconded, and the motion waa carried. The Bishop moved—"That such Bible 4f awTlsiftaT mtfcfall nffcfc tat) flm? mV fJaMlftlllialnii ?Ihslssl ... ~-mm m v^^m* ssw? *?w am aw wmmmwaasmmwawamammma character." The Key. T. Lloyd ssuandiJ the antkn. The Bey. J. B. Stephens* moved an i amiasmim to the effect that only the ap pointed teachers of the eshool should give the bahMcal tratfctoe referred to in the motion. The amendment was seconded by Dean Bvwixl, but after come discussion w M altered to the following aOoet "and shall be given by the ordinary teacher, or if the teacher cenacicnttoualr objsct thsrete. then by such other person as to approved by the education department." The K*v. V. Williams, as headmaster of fit 1-rtir'i tinllm ssiassmiiatsisHiiM iii tic?lare with nfereaea to biblical natraettaa at the college, hat atrongjy iipmiif km opinion that unlem In our State aohools the Bible were read by the teacher the asapte would not have co much iim*^nTt in the IDaVttftT* The motion as added to was carried. The Bishop moved— M That there ehall be a consoieoee elanse in operation, uader which <c) no teacher shall be compelled to give each Bible-teaching contrary to his or her oanvie ttess.a?d (6> that no child shall naaivoeash Bible-teaching contrary to the wish of his or herpssonta." The Bey. J. T. Snii-so* ssoooileil fjlis motieo. which wa* carried. The BLsuor moved—"That the general character of the Bible readtag and teaching be on ths system adopted by the London ! School Board, which neovides for mil iiiHlum in selected ? smigis of?oh/ Scripture." ! The Bey. J.TL Bteviienso\ moved M an | amenomeat that the wards, "and In nocass ?l?cnH any grant he ~^*^ to deoomiaatieaal i or private aehoob" aheuld ho added to the ?ion to give a grant to private schools in the I case of scholars who had passed the coax : pukory standard. The Bey. J. Bick kop.d aecondod tbe amend- SMttt. After considerable discussion, in which some difference of opinion was manifested, it was agreed that "" mniHanni shnnlit be ?at to the meeting as aanbotaarlve motion. Ko Boman Oatbolle representative was in mill, and H was ttongfct onhy fair that in amattnaf soch importance Roman CathoU. shmi?honhlhe MMrawulsd. Eventually the The Bey. J. B. Srr.PHENsoir nMved. and the Bey. J. Bi< k fosd asoonded a mown in i suastancs the same as the aamadmoat re* corded above. Dean Bushell, In order to aiyo time for the fiirthn nnwaHisllniioftha eubjeet. atoved the previous quietlsu. This was sinanilid by the Bey. J. McEwa. and The Bey. B. Boeke nravod and the Bey. A. Webb ino?iia a motion pteegiag the meattng to support the objects of the Bible in State Schools Society. An ?mrailMint mvted by Oaaoa Guest and imcuilia' by Oanan Airo?jcwa for^anaajntmant of ajpmmittos tooan oa^ftwr mhtr gamlimaa wsso appointed the JTh niltogi isai nlmil 