TO THE EDITOR. Sir—The people of this beautiful valley of grapes and Germans are much perplexed by the conflicting statements which appear in the newspapers in regard to Mr. Wood and his healing power. Not having been present at his meetings, and having only the reports and letters which appear in the papers to judge from, it may be rather premature for me to pronounce a decided opinion as to the extent and nature of Mr. Wood's power as a healer. According to your report in Thurs day morning's issue, Mr, Wood said at his meeting on Wednesday evening, "If they smoked they were not children of God." Now, sir, this is a most alarming statement, coming as it does from a man who professes to exercise the power of the Holy Ghost in healing the afflicted. And the question that presents itself is:—Is it possible for a man to be guilty of such a transparent error who has indeed received the gift of healing from God? Is it possible that a man can heal by the power of God, and at the same time utter such flagrant nonsense ? Millions of Christians have been and are cruelly deluded if Mr. Wood's utterance is true. I know over a score of Christian ministers in Australia who habitually "tak' a draw o' the pipe," and some of them are the brightest Christians of my acquaintance. If the "healer's" assert tion is correct many of those whom we have regarded as amongst the most godly and God- honored of their day have been sadly deceived, not excepting the celebrated Bobert Hall, William Huntingdon, John Warburton, and many others of a gone gene ration, besides C. H. Spurgeon and scores of successful preachers of the present day. No man could object to Mr. Wood saying that it would be to the benefit of thousands to abandon tobacco, but for him to assert that no smoker can be a Christian is as childish as it is untrue. I see that there is much talk at present on the subject of animal mag netism. It is undeniable that the exercise of a certain force (call it what you may) stored in a man has often effectually dispelled head aches, face-aches, and other ailments not of a chronic type. This is one of the forces which mesmerists call to their aid in " working marvels." Numbers of individuals in some of the Australian colonies, without any super natural pretension, have effected cures of thi3 order. For instance, about eight months ago theBev. Alfred Clark, of Victoria, who was then on a visit to Adelaide, cured a lady by a few passes of bis -hand. That gentleman was taking tea at the house of a minister in Nor wood at the time. The lady complained of a headache, whereupon, without any pretence to extraordinary piety or supernatural power, the headache was banished, This is but one of hundreds of other instances of cures having been effected by the proper exercise of this partially-known force. But while pain, in some instances, may be put to flight by the influence of this potent force, this human power should not be confounded with the superhuman power which was given to the apostles on the Day of Pentecost and to others during the apostolic age. The power by which the apostles wrought miracles was one which was given them by Christ, and was therefore independent of any magnetism or other force stored in the human system. (" Thou Last received gifts for men.") Peter and the other apostles had more or les3 animal magnetism in their bodies; but it was not by any such power that they performed their miracles. Hence we find Peter, after heal ing the lame man, saying to the astonished multitude—"Ye men of Israel, why marvel ye at this, or why look ye so earnestly on us„ as though by our own power or holiness we had made this man walk?" He ascribed all the glory to God, and in the name of Jesus and in the power of the Holy Ghost performed all his miracles. Now, the ques tion may be here asked—Were the miracu lous gifts which characterised the apostles and some others withdrawn at the close, or soon after the close, of the apostolic age? It is the general opinion that they were, as the Word of God, written on parchment or porphyry, carried with it sufficient intrinsic evidence that Jesus was the Christ, without the demonstration of those gifts exercised by the apostles and others before the sacred canon had been completed. But while this Js the opinion of many of the most learned 'theologians, it does uot follow that it is in all respects correct. It is true that " the Gospel is the power of God unto salvation to every one that believeth." Bat we have no authority for saying that these gifts were for ever withdrawn from the Church of Christ, The fact that they fell into desue tude does not prove that they should never be exercised. Moreover, the Holy Ghost will be in this world until the end of the Christian dispensation, and certain passages favor the belief that He will empower some of His people to perform miracles, while thedevil will empower others to work "lying wonders." My own opinion is that- miraculous power may be obtained by the man who has suf ficient faith; bnt I never saw a man who had sufficient faith to obtain this power. The man -who comes nearest to the- mighty faith exercised in apostolic' times is the venerable George Miiller, of Bristol, who by prayer and faith, and-without asking a human being for a: farthing, has for more than forty years sup ported, educated, and housed thousands of orphans, besides maintaining a Bible institu tion and assisting missionaries abroad and many poor at home! Mr. Miiller makes 'no - pretension to having received faith as a special or: apostolic gift. He has exercised - the faith which is>a common-gift to all be lievers ; and the gradual increase of Ms faith has-attained to something very like what we wouldregard as a-special .gift. Now, what power- has Mr, Wood ? 'It is evident-he must occupyone of-thefollowing-four (positions First, -he-knowiogly-beals some-diseases -by animal - magnetism -and -invests his mission with a religiOus-character ; or, -secUndly» ha unknowingly perforins certain oureshy.animal magnetism,. deluded- .wath41ie • notion that he is -Hipernaturally ..gifted-; -or, - thirdly, he -Is really- endowed - with miraculous -power to-a. limited extentj'-or,-fourthly, he --basnriracu lous .power to an - unlimited,or- at -least un knowe--extent. -Mir. ~ Wood <oqcqpies one of there pebitioD8, t)ut which -one l-cannot von- - Itireto'say. -lf-he ooonpies tbfrfirsbheis an impostor, aud-'deaerves so ba -uuma>krad ; -If the second, he is deluded, and is to be pitied; if the third, he should confine his power to its limits, and not make blunders; if the fourth, why does he not, in open day light, visit our hospitals and there display his power before our medical men? I am sure that the man really endowed with such power as Mr. Wood professes to wield would cot be afraid of any company of physicians. The power of the Holy Ghost would overcome all difficulties. And surely faith in God would be found at least in one or two of our hospital patients. I think a cumber of our hospital inmates can be found who are sincere Christians. If I find him one or a dozen, will he enter the hospital, and there display his healing powers? In con clusion I may state that I sincerely hope Mr. Wood is what he professes to be, although my confidence in him is very much shaken since he excluded all smokers from tho kingdom of God. However, time will prove what he is; and should it be proven that he has not the miraculous gift of healing, perhaps as the result of his mission some partially known phases of magnetic power urny become more generally understood, and employed in the mitigation of bodily pain and the healing of certain diseases. —I am, &e..; JOHJN li. MGliN i X Jl4Cj, Baptist Manse, Lyndoch Valley, May S, 1884, 