ABOVE THE SPEAKER. Br TiMOTHHua' " Timotheus placed on high." One trouble is over for Ministers, and other weariness for the flesh. The second reading speeches on the Land Bill have been concluded at last Scarcely an address delivered during the week was necessary, but it is considered that the correct thing has been done when each and every member has allowed his constituents to know through the press and in Hansard that he is there or thereabouts. " Yes, the same thing may have been said before, the lamented Sir John O'Shanassy used to remark on these occasions, " but not byrne." If progress is to be equally slow in committee as it was in debate the Victorian measure will occupy as much time as the kindred bill in Sydney, and that has been well nigh nine months under way. It really seems as though as the Crown land decreases so do theories multiply. There is no strong feeling, but the danger is that every clause will have a crotchet monger at work upon it. If a reasonable speed is to be attained the Premier will have to mean work and to show that he means it The blaze about the miners seems to have been pretty well stamped out The Ballarat meeting settled that particular business. It must have been an arduous struggle up there behind the scenes, in editorial sanctum, in committee-rooms, in the offices of manufacturing companies, who need enlightenment and Government orders as to who should obtain the wires. Colonel Smith had the advantage of possession, Mr. Berry the benefit of Ministerial position. And when the Chief Secretary gave an order for 40 locomotives, quite off-hand as if it were a mere nothing -that was felt by his gallant opponent to be a staggerer indeed. Colonel Smith was in his place in the Assembly on the Tuesday, nothing like so gay as the week before though, recognising that not only had his j>lt}ma_;e been rallied, but that he had lost several of his tail feathers. Mr. Berry did not reappear until Wednesday, and his features betrayed that he also had had a time of it' The meeting itself was equally divided, it is said, between the two chiefs, but as the Opposition organised the demonstration, it is a defeat for Colonel Smith not to have won. So much was frankly recognised by Ministerial followers of the Chief Secretary's division and during the week the once favourite was shot at from behind every hedge. He heard more in the three days of the circumstance that he turned honest penny in the auction mart in the old times, by running up land in the interests of the revenue no doubt than he did during thirteen previous years from the constitutionalists. That the gentlemen who now reprobate the wickedness of the ex-Minister in his unregenerate days should have served contentedly under the gallant officer go long, knowing as much as they did is what the Americans would call an everlasting wonder." But a wolf in the front of the chase can never afford to stumble. The pack Boon devour him. On the whole the mining affair was very delicately handled by certain members Mr Richardson and his friends have not attempted to embarrass the Government in the slightest but only to put them in the right path The caucuses but e not been called to see how many members may be available for a new party, but to decide as to the advice to be given to Ministers Still it is sometimes possible to aim at two birds with one stone And Ministers must by this time have a very shrewd suspicion of where the real Opposition of the future will come from in the world itself there are lines of cleavage and fracture. Geologists will trace one from Xhninskatlta to New Zea land by the quaking of the earth and the spitting of volcanoes So is Vvith the Ministerial majority The fracture line commences say with Mr M'Lellan behind the Government, and runs to Mr Dow, in the one corner, to Messrs Pearson and Richardson in the other The members are readily identified by the practice they have of prefacing their remarks with the statement that nothing would grieve them more than to place the Government in a false position, the repetition of this formula being -some evidence that nothing would please them more Colonel Smith jumped before he came to the stile 3 Wen whenthestileisrenchedMr Richardson will not jump without being well sure that there are others to go with him It would bring tears in his eyes to part from the Chief Secretary It would cut him to the heart But all this may have to be gone through in due course and he will be sustained by patriotism, as others will be by place An expert asked for a forecast would he tempted to predict after recent events that sooner or later a wing of the Radicals will break off, and that the Ministry will depend upon the solid Constitutional vote of about 40 and Mr. Berry's personal followers. This may be the situation before the session has closed. It seems sure to be the position before the Parliament expires. Were a prize to be offered for the best speech of the week, the selection would be limited to Messrs. McLean, Derham, and Langdon. Mr. M'Lean a was the best reasoned Mr Derham's had the most new and suggestive matter ; Mr. Langdon's was more to the immediate point of the farmers' necessities to-day. But if sweep and breadth are to carry the day, and rugged boldness and a picturesque audacity of assertion, why, the laurel would have to be hung on the classic brow of Mr. John Woods. " I require no preparation," said Mr. Woods. My matter comes to me as I go on." So Churchill " When the mad fit comes on I echo the pen. Hough as they run the rapid thoughts set down, Hough as they run discharge them on the town." Ten years back, as we are told and the tale is true-Mr. Woods stood up in the House and declared that to alienate Crown lands ' is an impossibility. Since then 13,000,000 acres have been sold, but still the member for Stawell adheres to his tale. "You can't deny," he asserts; the Crown grant is a sham ; the mortgage deeds are a mockery." There never was any land alienated, and there never will be. People think the territory has been sold, but it has not. And so, as Mr. Woods is satisfied, the- cause the land has not been sold, and' as, the purchasers are content, being under the impression that it is, there is nothing to quarrel about. But one must listen to his incidental remarks to catch the orator's best things, of in a side sentence he sweeps away reputa- tion or a philosophy. The light railway lines, he casually but emphatically remarked, are a fraud-and that disposes of them and of Mr. Patterson and Mr. Elsdon. The repairing of the existing lines shows " spite and folly, and that settles Mr. Greene and his staff. That there is not a general railway smash now that he has gone is, says Mr. Woods, a miracle, but, correcting him self, "There are no such things as miracles." Thus the problem which Gibbon sets aside with a sneer the member for Stawell disposes of in a parenthesis. Is the leasing question to be re-argued? It would almost seem so. Mr. Mirams has made a commencement, and Mr. Nimmo is warm on the matter. The senior member for South Melbourne is astonished that people fail to see that there cannot be private property in land. " Man does not make the land ; he only improves it" Man does not make the iron ore. He only improves it into the form of a locomotive. Therefore there can be no private property in locomotives. Man does not make the skin of the beast. He only improves it into the form of leather. As logic is logic, ought Mr. Nimmo to call his boots his own? Man does not make gold. He only picks it up and make it. So, in due course, as correct principles spread, we may trouble the banks to unlock those coffers of theirs. The Scots Church Bill is not drawing as it was. Some variety is needed. One Harper does not make an orchestra. A speech in three sections is as difficult to manage as a rule in the serials, where the art lies in making the reader long for the next number. " The ghost advanced, and raising its long attenuated fingers slowly, said-to be continued in our next." This " fetches," but, as the session shows, a speech in many parts is necessarily of the wet blanket order. For an address to be effective, statement, argument, and appeal should come at once. So the artillerists tell us that three separate shots, with a divided charge, are not equal to one smasher. Having had experience of Mr. Mirams continuing an address on separate occasions, of Mr. Berry, and of Mr. Harper, there is a desire to revert to the old practice that a member who come ' mences one evening must finish that evening -that if he resumes his seat it is at his own risk, and knowing that the Speaker is entitled to call upon another member, just as the ban- queter lays down his knife and fork at his proper peril, being well aware that the vigilant waiter will whisk everything away, though he may only have begun to trifle with the platter. When they touch theology the Scotch are all so clever that one suspects and often wrongly-a design in all they do. There may be no object in these protracted Scots Church addresses ; but, whether there is or not, the result is the same. The nights devoted to private bills are few and if the speeches are to be long, that conversation Bacon reports between Queen Elizabeth and Mr. Speaker Popham may occur again, with a variation. "Now, Mr. Speaker, what has passed in the Lower House ? " " If it please your Majesty, seven weeks." Here the dialogue would run at Christmas Moderator What has passed in the Parliament, trusty brother? Mr. Harper Not the Scots Church Bill. What has become of the triumvirate? With them the week has been one of silence. Little, if anything, has occurred to distinguish Mr. Gaunson, Mr. Graves, and Mr. Mackay from ordinary peacable members of Parliament Some tales are so wonderful that they should not be related unless they can be attested, and it would not have been prudent to mention this last fact but that credible witnesses could be called to the »»©Hi;ofl?».íf#e"iVj?K^^fir^^. hotel ceri__aepo-t-_itSjà~ 'Vfimothensfölast. !w^l',Ditfir^ I ever'.' .. \$$*^>hf*e^T®*,T$*p»1' '<"? I LATE h#e¿*Hf SPS t\BJ>uo>V> tefll(lf>ïa>ï« to il M But -it is ill ."toriUoaat of-con+ersioriBí- (The - platform, in the shape of,reclaimed-tmnsgeesn be^,iTJut'âlpWaênÎ'.tierilie"iSob-èrWa)-i;j(in those that fall away. The poet writes " So lovely halcyons dive into the main, So short far off their shining plumes again." This means to say that the startled creature may take a frightened dive, but that in due course you will see your shag, seal, or solander disporting on the surface again. As the need of some way of expediting business is admitted, a precedent suggested by Mr. Laurens might be improved upon and turned to profitable account. " Well, if I am wrong, ' said the member for North Melbourne, as his climax in a dispute with Mr. Bent about the missing railway loan, "I will pay you £10. Mr. Bent made a persistent effort to win the money, but as Mr. Laurens constituted himself the judge, why, the member for North Melbourne came off an easy victor. Here a change is necessary. The money in such a case should be deposited with the Speaker, who would act with the Chairman of Committees, the two to call in an umpire if necessary. In this way time would be saved, and many weary altercations. 'Money talks," as the Californian swimmer said when, under a misapprehension as to terms, he issued a challenge to the Italian diva, "Shut up or plank down." With a fair reference, Mr. Laurens on Thursday would have only dropped his money at the worst; but as it was he lost his temper. I 