CB.EPf.ER XL'II ICoor:;:T:i:EL' . " San is happy." ;siid Lady Villiars. " that is the secret of it all. I ivl:h I could see you as happy, darung. Tell me, as one woman to another, lihi on ever tloulht of the marquisi, ever met him before you came to England ith meInc? Sowmehowv I think Mrs. Chippingdalr- khes; your secret. for she asked me to be ery Ipatient and kind to you, becacn yeou had s?:fIred : and sometimes, especially s;hen you .;e nc.ar him, I have seen a log: of pa in il our face. Remeember, I lave taken her p,!ac. and should be treated with come amount of confidence. Your complaint i.: of the mind, of that I am assurcd. L.t ie he your physician, Madge ; get away from here, timhe place is killing "ou by inchei. "Dear Georgy, I shall certainly scold you," said Madge with an assumption of gaiety she was far from feeling. " I declare you watch my every look, and I amn denied the pleasure of feeling unhappy at times. I am all right, dear, and only want to be allowed to feel sad if I like. I enjoy life all the more because it is made up of joy and sorrow; and really you wish to make a mountain out of a mole-hiil. I have felt pain when near the marquis lecause with a woman's powers of perception I could se that he was throwing away a love that was his in vain pursuit of one that had pasIed away into the dreary darkness of a land of phantoms. Come, Geor-y, you need not fear I am unhappy on his account ; even if I loved him I would be too proud to sup plant another woman, especially dear Alice." But when she was alone she would mourn over the sad necessity there was of meeting him every duy, hearing his voice, and yet not daring to tell him that she had come bacl once more into his life. "I am weary of this constant battling with self ! " she murmured. " I feel like a tired soldier who wishes for peace and rest. Why should I linger longer on ? Tihere is work for me to do in the world, sorrows to heal, broken hearts to bind up, instlad of mingling only with a croswd of pleasure seekers who live for themselves." Her communings ran daily thus, and she cast about her for some plan by which once more she might gain her freedom. Alice got somewhat stronger, and the wedding was to take place after all, but how could Madge remain and laugh and be gay, and partake of food that would choke her, or pledge the happy pair in 'parnling wine ? It was asking too much of her. and the strain would perchance either kill or drive her mad, and what a pitiful spectacle she would present when her secret became known to the world, and people would talk of her as of one who, having the prize within her reach. allowed another to snatch it away from her, while she crept away into obscurity to mourn and die like a stricken deer. At last came all event which was toshape her course of action, nud it happened in this wise: she had fallen asleep in the recess at one end of the drawing-room, and was hidden by a curtain from view. Presently her rest was disturbed by the sound of voices, and starting into watchful news she heard Lady Villiars ay : "I was not aware that you knuew my cousin, the late Mrs. Chiippingdale, your grace." "Oh yes, it was at her house that my son was nursed back to life after his usevere acci dent. And you tiell me she its dead ? " " Yes, some years ago." "What, then, became of the girl she be friended-I mena Madge Christmas ? " "I do not know; I never met such a personiat her Ioure. W\hat was she like ? " "Oh, it would be impossible to describe her after such a lapse of time. She was fair, and like the ordinary type of girls of her class. I suppose Mrs. Chippiugdale found her out and sent her back into ser vice." ".Then she was only a person in humble life, your grace M' My cousin was rather eccentric, and her great hobby was to be kind to the poor and to dumb animals; Ihut perhaps Miiss Astlury could tell you more than labout her mother's protegees '? The family name was changed at her brother's request, who, when lie died, left her his immense fortune swhich Miss Astbury now enjoys." "Then Miss Astbury is her daughter ? " " Yes, I know she had a child, but owing to family differences we never met until she sent for me and gave the young lady into my care just before she died. It would be interesting to clear up the little mystery, would it not ? " " No, I would rather Miss Astbury wasee not troubled with it, nor do I wish the girl to cross my path, nor that of my son again; she was a bold designing hussy, and would ruin tile peace of any household. Come, we will now visit Alice -and take tea with fler." The ladies withdrew, and Madge came out of her place of concealment in a whilte heat with passionl to think that hlier character should, after so many year:; hald clapucd, be still traduced in this cruel way. "Will they never let me rest ?" she exclaimo:l passionately; " ic the ghost of my past to be constantly raised by some thoughtless remarlik ? Now it is Georgy, my best friend, who is put on the track by the duchess, who is as vindictive against me as over, and yet she likes me as Madgo Astbury. I shall have no more of this, but will seek peace in retirement. Let others tight and strive for prizes in high lifoe; I am sick of it, and Stanham will never see me again." The spacious room seemed too small for hlier to breathe in, too stilting, although the windows were open, and a soft breeze blew throughli, and she hurried out into the grounds, wishling to escape from her own thoughts, and When the voice of the man who loved hlier fell upon her ears she turned Jikeo a hunted stag and faced him uwith a look of's.ern d.cfianco on her lovely face. '"Ma1ge, whaut ails you ?" hlie asked gently; "you are strange oven to me lately. Havo I offended you ? No answer; she simply stood and looked at him, wondering how it was tlhat hlie could love ao hunted creature like her, and one whose very faither had not appeared oni tlhe scene of her lifo until she had reached the very topmost rung on the ladder of worldly "jesak to me, lidge," he said, 'ttempt. ing to take her hand which she -dre". ,a; with a hairp decisive ge- ure. " ArC yOii to a "o I ":0rECc:It?? " else a .:e 1 w ildly ".y o .0on no: let me llone ? I . .'" r st--rr-it di peace, anl y'ou mu. ci me :vith wo;::1s of love that I can neiver never re:i!trcnae. ' What hai: love :ver done for Ie but to work my undoing ? I tell yon, prince, here, standing face to face under the vault of ihe-anc in G(3 s snshine, that I can never e .your wife! '" lad'. you iar, over-escitid and wan. re.t : -caer: her.-, and ;ou wil .ilee things in 1a liferent licht. Toi are tortured because .you are always near him." " Ahl, o yon have tiess-Ed my secret yon know that Pe'rc;, Margiai of Stangate, is the man whlo olds my hart? "' " Forgive me. ',iifge. I did not mean to pain yio ; I did guess your secrut, only half of which you told me; b'i. I still love you dearly. Lao not be angry with me." " I am angry with myself, and deserve to suffer as I do. Fcol that I was to rest on my own strength ! Go, leave me, think of Ine no more, exceptl as a friend who wishes you every happiness. With me you could never be happy. for, like another Wanderi-ng Jew, I bring nothing but sadness into every home that welcomess me." Tlhe fever was in her brain ma-in, and flashed from her eyes, and he;r face was harsh and :-tern. even to this gerntle losvi g' man whose only wish was to comfort andi protct hII' r. "Nay, dear ,lale, I will not li ten to imi dismir?ial from your liss to-day; you are niot well, not your own w:.-et self. Let me :-end for a physician: you require care and attention; comen, dear, be advised by me, and retiurn to the house at once ; " and be !laced his hand on her arm, but she shook it off, saying : " I want no advice, my mind is made up. You smay thinik ume mad, and perhaps I am, but I tell you that I shall not be your wife : I have too much respect for you, too much pity, to allow you to sacrifice your life for my sake; you deserve a better filte. Forgive me, dear friend, and let us both forget that words of love ever passed be itween us. Take my hand, it is stainless, and has never yet wronged any human being, nor shall it begin with you. I would rather it were cut oft at the wrist than it should be placed in yours as a wife'5. Believe me. the day will come when you will thank me for being brave enough to refuse the honour you wish to confer upon me. She had clasped his hand nosw, and was looking at him, as with averted face he strove not to let her see how utterly her words had crushed him, or the tears that glistened in his eyes because she had told him that there was no hope of her becoming his wife. " Madge," he said at last, " you have spoken to me such words as I never thought to bear from your lips. I was willing to tal:e you to my heart, to love and cherish youv; but you say it cannot be. Oh, my darling, think of what you are doing; is it wise to thro.w yiourself back upon the past, knowing that tile man who ought to be all the world to you can be nothing, not so much even as I? Pause, take time, con sider, I implore you; it is not too late to unsay your words; will you not, Madee, for the Iake of the great love which 1 bear you ? " Iis awords touchied her, and she half relented. But looking up she sawi the duchess standing on the terrace talking to Lady Villiars, and her heated imagination told her that slhe, the poor despised Madge Christmas, was still the theme of their con versation, and almot fiercely shle said. " I can never be your wife," and then almost flew from his ide to seek solitude amid the trees, and air, and sunshine. CiILeil'T;ii XLVIII. l;nt there was no rest for Mfadgo any where, and her very soul seemed to rebel against life and its surroundings, and like an imprisoned bird it fluttered against the bars of its earthly cage, wishing to be free and to join those who had already gone before--her mother and dear Mfrs. Chip pingd"ale. "Oii, if you could only speak, to me, you angels of mercy, I would be content and live on, but I never hear so sweeta voice as one from Heaven ; none but human voices speak to me, and they taunt and mock me. Oh, that I were dead and lying heside my mother ! What has wealth and beauty done for me? Nothing. And now Percy is lost to me too, lie can never be mine; in one short month Alice will be his wife. Oh, God, it is cruel! But give me strength to drag on my human exteistece until Thou shalt snap the chain and give freedom to the poor slave. Help me to do good, that when my head is laid los in the dust, there may be some to murmur a blessing on my memory, and to pray for me --even me, oh, my Father." She wandered on, unmindful of the direc tion she was taking, and at last found her self near the wicket-gate leading into the old churclhyard, where the mighty dead lay resting peacefuilly, awaiting the last trump of the resurrection angel. If tihe dead could only know' whait tile living suTffer, and if thie bonds of sympathy and love which bound them together in life are still unbrolen, how the wvail of many a brokeni heart must awaklen echoes in that far-off sphere, and those whose misdeeds whlile on earth contributed to such aiguish, must suffer the torments of tihe lost, wailing ever because they are unable to undo the misery tihecy have caused. Madge opened tile gate and walked to her mother's grave ind threw herself upon it and sobbed as if hier heart were break ing; theni rising, slhe wound her white armse aroundil the little marble cross-that embicr i of a Christian's- holoe-and prayed fervenitly for peace alnd s'tregthl to battle agaiist gloomsy tlhoughts, to live on from day to day withl hope in hier lheart and human suympathty that could feel for othters who perhalps were more desolate thain ;lhe. She clung to thit bit of inanimiuute marble, resting hlier clteek lovingly oni its cold polished surface, and overlhead the sun burst with one mighty effort through the gathering clouds and pioured down a flood of light on her bowetd head, as if IHeaven lad sent its messenger to comfort and bid her have hope, telling hlier, as it ha-s many a weary soul, that it is ever darlkest before the dawn. 2eeanwhilo Pietre was lo6kling for her in every direction, he having received a. tele Lgranc l fo b L -n sl:hi r n,, r abawn.?- d:.)n her _ ho,. ders, untie ir r,-- ted among the to^1frt h:at; low e had pe:rcehd " ad '," h' ..: i f:iy. it is I-Pietre. Are you i!i i : - -!: t. - ,:. -e, t . re i a me.-ace for you froym London. MIr. G(ab bington is ill and wisheis to see y u." She rose and smiled sr;eetly ursl the' hunchback, and said "I am sorry he is ill. Piere; I wiIt go to him. because he is my ifather." Your father ' said Pietre incredu lously. "Yes, my poor father; I am humble enough now, you see, Pietre. Thile great Miss Astbury is only a poor man's daughter. And this is my mother's grave; se, it is nameless even. Can any human being be more lowly than i ? O, Pie're, m;: pride has been punished." "Poor darling. poor darling!" he mur mured. " how my heart aches for you; but take courage, you may yet find true happi ness when you least expect it; remember ithat the same Providence which has cast you down can raise you up again, just as it does the flowers which the storm has crushed, and that you were saved from great dangers and perils, and given bless ings without stint. And if that man is your father, what then ? You need not feel any shame, he was a gentleman by birth, as lie is by education, and is net tie first man who bas failed to keep his position. Come, Moade, you must be brave: face danger, and it is more than half over come." " Dear, kind Pietre, you have taught me to look hopefully at things, and I thank you, but, oh, I cannot help feerling sad for Percv's sake. I would save him even now, but dare not; it would kill her, and her death would lie at my door. Come, I am ready, and you must manage to Cee Ise to. the station. I will not return to St 'uham, but will go hack into humble life, for I was never intended for anythin:g else. "You are too easily cast down, :.,illge," he said as he walked at her side. " iyou cre never meant to be poor; no, it vould be flying in the face of Providence if you re fused the gifts that it has showere I upon you. Why have you made yourself accom plished if you did not wish to shine in sCCietv? Blesides, you owe a solem-n duty to the woman who in dying left you her riches, and bestowed upon you her name. Sorrow makes us all selfish. My- sister, I was like it when you fled from St. John's Wood, but now I see that the path of duty is the best and only antidote for unhap piness. You will be brave, will you not, Madge ? " "Yes; I had forgotten that I accepted a trust from one who was a very mother to me; it would be cowardly of me to shrink from doing my duty. Pietre, you are in deed a wise counsellor now as you were in the past, but I do not wish others to know what I have told you, at least not yet." " Why should they ? it iis no business of theirs. Keep your own counsel, and trust only those you have tested." '" You are right, I will; be ready in an hour'' time, and meet me on the road to the station." " Rely upon my doing as you wish, Madge. I live only to serve you; and perhaps when he is married you will let me lie near you always; it would be such a comfort to me, and perhaps to you." She pressed his hand, and raising it to her lips hissed it in token of her gratitude, leaving him with bewildering joy oil his face and in his heart, and le kissed the spot where her lips had rested again and again, murmuring : " She does not despise nmy love, because she knows it is pure and hallowed, and not like his, that burns and destroys. Oh, Heaven, have mercy upon her and give her all her heart's desire, for Thou inowest her sufferings, and how she loves him." Madge groew calmer as she mnade the few preparations for her journey, and writing a note to the duchess excusing her absence and another to Lady Villiars, she left Stanham, and was soon oi her way to London, actuated by a high sense of duty towards one who as yet had only touched the solitary chord of pity in her young heart. CHAPTER XLtX. Once again did Madge flee from Percy's presence, just as she had years ago, when, loving him to madness, she could not listen to love's pleading that meant danger to her honour. And as the train sped on, working and throbbing and forging ahead, she lay back on the soft cushions, but not to rest, for memory, that link between the past and present, was busy at work, bringing before her mind's eye every detail of her strange and unhappy connection withl the man she had given hier heart to, and whiichl even now clung to him with so much reckless love. Like another lIagar, sho. h~dtleft ?her Isohlnael i the wvilderness, not earing to see it die, or to lhear its cries for love's food and drink, she in her obstinate pride and strength of will would not provide for it. At Stauhlam hier love would have strangled her, because she could not bear, even though shte loved Alice, to see Percy, whom she alone had first taugh&t; to love truly and honourably, united to another by an indis soluble tie which death alone could sever; •nd not being able to conuiter, she thlought it better to flee from templation, and to bury herself once more in obscurity, biut not to fold her ihands and lameni t idly over tihe deathl of hlope. but to work in this worlds' vineyard in rec;euing the poor from poverty antd sin, and in soothing the sufferings of those who lay in the liospitals appealing to their follow mnii for sympathy and succour. " O, my love, my love ! " she murmured, as tihe tears dropped firom hier eyes lil:ke pcilte raiii" how ' au c leave you, how can I keep apart from yot in tihe weary years thalit are before us ? And yet it must be so for both our sakelics, or we imay be tempted to bring sin and dishonour uipon our souls. You will not sowY the saerifice I uam maiking for your dear sake. I have said 'no' to the prayer of as good and true a man as over breaithed, and lhave sent him away full of yearnings for my love, whioh never, n-:eve- canh?atis. hCr1, ih cauno= --:-_ -,on. "h n_,.:r ai.? ,ai :tir t-o love. a :d 1ai conc?'er: a. bs c.t. men- o _ area -" il-t -i A ine ttions or movnri'. Oilhe i of r s:uc, ast to abShm therre aton ofr h-e "Iran.:e conduct onr this oc, caio I fr star," s I c san. t rest until I ae found wh1:. concere.di a the c.hn-tcni of 5h:ade 's no 'ice. v, hi c ll - : : v er y V a g u e, a n d h a v e n o iuer' to her intentions I movust e s. "Ia iss stbur subjddect to aberrflight.aton of mindi ? No ; ut even dared cannot earessxplain or defen loe her strange onductis on the point of mccasion. I fagear you wilen hore to, or indlhen spoke m furtherI now ayno, a I cbe tnnoht thre il have found br. And one I heing I must ched heay, even nowat the ris of age Chiving oristmasnce: I am mornall cthe rtain, your ally, that your son, that Gomarquid , i in some wash connected witus thes stbuh red tors sudden on herigh." when sn ! sur once only y must servante mistaken. Hie h~as never dared to address words of love to her when he is on the point of marriage itour grAlice please to remember that " undoubthen, or ho, or when spomy waren, I seno not; i` may be that they have met before abroadthing; buwrong in have watched her, and Ikow know the marqui was no stra her to he ever. At times I am inclined to think that diss A stbar." and Mladge Christmas are one and the same, epeciallm. Besince you told me that MIrs. Chippingdale had taken her under her protecng in our supposition." "-'Good heavens ! how she has duped us all," cried the ducomches, ady a glimering of the truth seemed to dwilln on abler mind. " How dare she enter my house as correct," gsaueidt, when shee as once only my servant, takenfor from yo ander union out of pure chaextrerie. ? " " or grilce feild heplase to rememb, agaier thast .Miss Astbury is now a lady of wealth and undoubted position, and my wViard. I see othing wrong in owhat she has done, and I inow that it was against her will sae everis came to Stanham. Besides you and I may be wrong in our supposition." " Ihere comes Lady Mosely who knew 3Madge Chrimas ; she will be able to tell s whether our suspicions are correct," said the duchess the duchss ury " if so I shall never loop t over ler ofenc. li the ws always a darning for ward girl, and dangerous in the extreme." I will defend her, your grace, against unjust suspicions," said Lady Villiars hotly; Ladye is no designing red at this juncture, andre." hYou forget ow she portas caughonvert tsa-e prince in her toils, she red related to Mage is of the most ignod: le type," said the duchess cornfuLadis, I bg that you will ly. " uryis. I hAstburavey has given up tle prince, and refused to become his wife. Does that looam lisure the woher of a designing person, your grace ," said Lady Villiars" Lady MIosely entered at this juncture, and having overheard a portion of tile conversa tion which santle gathered related to Madge, at once said: " Ladies, I dbg that you will not discussa my absent and dearest friend, Miss yst ry. I risave hetoard of her leaving, butappi am sure that her motive for doing so is right and proy er; she is the soul of Ionour." " There, your grace," said Lady i illiars triumphantly ; " surely two persons cannot be wrong." " Claraondemn," saider the duchecss, "Iof am stur priscd lhat you did not put me on my guard agayou inst an advenures girl hose conduct years ago gaved her rise to much scandal and duty, happi ness to my poor Percy. You know who refiss is htbur really is ? " " I do; but I see nomeing to lara in her coduct he; se haas a perd.fet right to change her name and appear in society.. I tonly discovy hee to cnfronet youfew dys o. Andot now, your grace, yoaviug admitted tLadis, althouglh I promised to kccp the matter safe ill my breast, I wish to know whether you can condemn her when the cause of all the anyischif liear; it your ould sondefend ? Have you no pity for the girl c e tried to ruin ? of ducheompassion that, loving him, ses."e had sacri iced er whole lifvere to sense of duty, and refused leaveis anhad even as Miss stury ?" " What do you teld in me, Claown?" thoo duchess almost gasped. "I will b)ring Percy here to confront you ; lie would not be so base, so lost to all sense of duty and Ihnour as you say he bas." " Whatrdo is me, your grace," said Lady Villiars, "but if you are wise you will let the matter drop; not t t iss sbur has anywoulding to fear ; society ould defend her against tsome malice of even a score of ducessesy." nd having delivered herself of thiyou brodside Lady Villigerno, it a sweeid tpinghe curtsy, and a swioft look of scorn, left to. room, and immediately gave orders to pack and leave loveliest girtanham. " m I to e insulted in myou that house?" cried the duchess as thMadge Chentered, ut not appealiug to hi as city tomuch as to Lady Mosely. " What is it, Claudine ? " said the duke, loioin, from one to the other withe posi puzztionled expof a ression. " Surely you do not refer to uriss Astbupermission I am sure she, saiwould Ladynever oery, who had nslt to wish tanyone, stand by" It is alot her frI am incensed. Doo You wvih pl she is, Arenain, Cl," said the duhe duchess.ith lofty scam not as.aed to speak " Yes--tide love in your presencela."d, and sta perfect sholady." s etulae. I re m to bIndeed i Let me tll you thgreat tlhe so-re t calledr that Madge stbury is masoa Christm been us, guesand.hs the is audactited to ur raccept my inv cottsideration, owiand in raisihe once herself the osi- our letiovel of aly proves to me that se istanl obm."le "wosita, your permission I servat. ill retire,"cy wrsaid fee I should insist uphad no his to stand bye reparatio, her friend wotraduced.ly welcome " tou till lenham ase rmay duig, Clater.," said t"Yoe ducess. " I am nothess almost screamed. to Are you mad e hristms halso bewiten our consid, Algeration, d in raising "rself to our leI hal only proves to I mean, and that isl "I have said wha I mean, and that i,? all. C!:'.in-e," he said quietly; " and if ises ;?- :.!ri- chooses to retuln, I must ind upon her being treated as an hououred ,:-=lcain e .e!st. Percy might do worse than wed so loveliy and accomplished ;a lady. :Ana now you will kindly ex:cs mei , ladies, I have an engagement with the prince." When he was gone the duchess turned on Lady Mosely, and said: "This is all yonr doing, Clara; you shielded the girl all through and even denied that she was at St. John's Wood." 1 "Yes, I own I was in the wrong there, your grace, but there is such a thing as a i heart, and I happened to possess one, and could not deliver the girl into your hands to be sent to a reformatory where the whole of her life would have been blasted. She 1 has repaid me with her friendship, and I fecl proud of it. It is impossible I can remain under your roof any longer after what has passed." " You are right," the duchess said with a sneer. "There is a matter concerning yourself which has reached my ears-I refer to your secret marriage with one of your own servants. No wonder you defend her so warmly, Clara." "Yes, even there you are right. I married for love, and my husband is a gentleman both by birth and education, and no servant as you and others have supposed. I shall not trouble your hospitality any longer, your grace." " No, I should think not. Henceforth, we must be strangers," said the duchess cuttingly. "Your example, Clara, is dangerous to society. You cannot expect mothers to open their doors to you after the scandal you have created." "I shall survive even that, your grace. In the love of my husband and child I shall find ample compensation. The day may come when even you will be glad of the sympathy of even such a person as myself. Heaven does not always pay debts with money." " Insolent creature! " thought the duchess when her dear friend and relative had left her; " to think that I was so blind as to open my doors to two such adven turesses. I shall be the laughing-stock of society, and that hussy, Madge Christmas, will, no doubt, boast of having been toasted by a royal prince in my house, when her proper place should have been the servants' hall. I shall go crazy with vexation; but my triumph will come when Percy is married to Alice, and for ever safe from the maclhinations of a girl of ignoble birth." But even in the hour of her supposed triumph there was an invisible handwriting on the wall which would teach her the old, old lesson that " Man proposes, and God disposes." Somehow sMadge's seemingly eccentric conduct had caused quite a commotion throughout the establishment, and had penetrated from the drawing-room to the servants' hall, where Mrs. Crouch was speaking her mind freely about Adams, whom she looked upon as a rival in Ruggles's affections. " A very good thing, too, that Adams is going. I never liked her, or her mistress either. I wish she was a servant here, I'd teach her her place; a nasty forward stuck up hussy with not a single good feature in her face." This spiteful harangue was delivered to her niece, but .was overhead by Ruggles, who happened to be near the pantry, and who at once came in and said indignantly "Come, Mrs. Crouch, draw it mild. Adams, as you style her, is to be my wife; and as for her good looks, I'm satisfied, and that's everything. You wouldn't be a spinster if you could have had your way; and even now you would like to take some one to church ; but it won't be lRuggles this time. I like grandmothers, but not to marry them." " 0, oh ! you, you-" " All right, mother, don't mind me; sharpen your tongue with a little of the vinegar that's in your face, for I can bear that better than hysterics. Vo'll send you some wedding-cake; so don't fret, old lady ; keep your hair on, and I'll write to you." " You nasty Don Juan," she cried with crooked fingers and eyes that blazed with anger; " you know you kissed me, you naughty, wicked man " "But it wasn't nice, old girl; it tasted like musty oranges. I keep my kisses for sweet lips. Why don't you rub a little honey on yours, and put a little sweetness into that sour-crabbed heart of yours, then you might be passable to some ancient mariner that's lost an eye, an arm, and leg. &c.;, &ce.;, in the service of his grateful country. Ta-ta; I am sorry I cannot stay longer to enjoy your sweet society; but I have to see Miss Adams off to London by the next train; " this as he took out his silk handkerchief and pretended to wipe his eyes, which were in danger of being scratched out by the enraged Crouch, who had never had her virgin affections so lacerated be fore. "Oh that I could punish him ! " she cried, when with a mocking laugh lihe vanished, lea\ing a delicious aroma behind of wood-violet; "I never liked any man until he came and kissed me, and now lihe calls me his graudmother, and mocks me, I that am only a little over forty, and still goodloolking and not a grey hair in my head. Oh man, man I vain deceiver ! I wish you were all put into a sack and thr'own into the sea, then we poor deluded girls would have peace, and our virgin hearts would cease to hump against our bosoms." "But, aunt," said a voice at her elbow, "I thought you were fifteen years older than mother, and she was forty-five last birth day." Tie imprudent damsel received such a box on the ears that she was fain to stagger to some place of concealment and there give vent to her tears, lamenting the fact of Buggles's approaching departure, he having quite " mashed " her young heart. (To be contiuieud.) MDr. Abigail presonted a petition from cigar manu facturers, praying amendments in the proposed now taxatisou. ministers laid on theo ablo .the report of the departmout of police for 1888, and other returns, and it was ordered that the documents be printed. A message was received from the Logislativo Conocil returning the Validating Bill, with amend. nents, to which the Speaker drow the attention of theo house. HI stated that since the reign of JIaes II no attempt had been mads,by the House of Lords to interfere with the jurisdiction of the House of Commons in matters affecting the privileges of its membher. It was for the house to determine whether the amendments made in this bill by the Legislative Council were material or not; but it appeared to him that the amendmenout in clause 3 was material. Mar. Stunrt pointed out that the amendmouts which had been made were in accordane with the wishes of tile house; but as there was some doubt on the question of whether they constituted aninfringement of its rights, lie thought the best course would ho to lay the bill aside and bring in a now bill, which would, no doubt, be passed without any opposition. H1e concluded by moving that the bill be laid aside, whlich was agreed to after debate without division. Mr. Stuart subsequently brought up a now bill, which was read a first time, and its second reading fixed for next day. Tile house then went into committeo of ways and means, and the debate on the financial statement, was resumed. 'as. resuanan, Mr. Pools, and Mr. Combes opposed tlhe financial.propoals, which were defended by Mr. Copeland and Mr. Stuart. At 0.20 an.m. the house adjourned to next day. 