THE The Miseries of Children. BiC,?, C. Charley is a little restless fellow of six, and his life is one catalogue -of noise and disaster. When he is not chasing the cat or making horrible noises on thestairs,. fit to drive the literary man distracted, he is bumping Us head, or clamour ing for bread and sugar. He got up this morning at 7, and went outside barefooted, so as to get a splinter in his foot and come in howling; and now, by 9 o'clock, .he has burnt his mouth.with hot oatmeal, and has just fallen heels overhead from the top of the gate, and is Bitting in a comer with red eyes, wondering why I sit down and make black marks on papa- instead of going out somewhere and having some fun. Sometimes he gets lollies, sometimes he gets thrashed, aud then again, to chequer his miserable life still further, he is humiliated to the lowest depths because his elder brother won't take him over to Botany. ' You can't oome,' siys the stern eight-year-old, wrapping up a lunch in a piece of papa-, and arranging hie fishing taokle. ' You can't come; you're too small.'? It is the commonest thing in the world for people, watch ing the quick (succession of joy Band sorrows in children, to heave a long sigh and talk of the happiness of childhood. When I was a child I never could see it, aud I distinctly remember vowing that, should I ever grow up to maahooa, 1 would expose this fallacy, and, in my own dealings with children, Consider a fellow's feelings. Why should I, for instance, compel that little fellow to sit down quieuy in that comer, when he wants to go out and race up and down the verandah P From mv standpoint it is, that I cannot write with such a tumult around. But from his stand point, he aBks. ' Why can't you write, and let a fellow enjoy himself?' I cannot explain to him, and all he knows is that a man with a pen in his hand fa a selfish old tyrant, because he happens to be big. And so he is miserable, ana he concludes straightaway that the world is one mass of selfishness and heartless injustice, and withtheiostinct of self- defence he adopts the only course open, and decides to seize every good thing' that comes in his reaoh. Is it not probable that, relatively to their strength and knowledge, the sufferings of childhood are quite as keenas anything that comes in after-years ? I believethat such is the case. The sufferings of infancy we can only imagine ; but who that has listened to the feeble sigh, pr watched the toss ings of a sick infant, can believe other than that it suffers the keenest agony F 'What does that flushed faoe and fretful moaning mean at the period of teething? What \- but the racking misery aad exhaustion that we know later on as 'the hell of all diseases*'— toothariheP 'Our pil grimage begins in. tean.' Thm oomes the period -of learn ing to walk, .and bumping oar poor little foreheads blue. We burn our-fingers with hot iron, and when we ?» washed the nurse eonses our poor little body into the bath, drives *h«ea»P inU-onreyra,and rubs us down with a towel that fedfl like & nutmeg *giater« 'Ob* theborrors of tb isoiniQg wash, the smokea ^gruel, the pin In your and the thoughtless smacking to make a fellow cease crying when he is really in pain ! . This tarns of being to bed in the dark, and lying awake for hours think ing over the horrible tales of ghosts which n/wna ipimyt fool of a nurse has put into our neads! What a 'crusher' It must be to be weaned! There is mother, whoused to fondle and coax a fellow to deep; now turning away and refusing even a single 'pull ' at the oldfam&isr; fount. Father is growling like a bear, and threatening unheard of terrors because our waning and lamentations prevent him aleeping. And then, in due course, when we have spent years m the sunshine, and know every flower aad dog pigeon is the neighbourhood, and have just got into the way of spending a day reasonably in the open air, we are swooped down upon eome Monday xnoxaingani led off to a great schoolroom, and shut in for hours amongst strange boys who make faces and pinch a fellow and -steal his I marbles, and yon come home crying to tell mamma and get the heartless' re joinder, 'Away with you. Don't bother I me with your (complaints ; you'll get on better after a I while.' 'After a while,' 'you mutter bitterly. For I people seem to forget that a child's . notion «f time is of the most rudimentary sort. It takes many years for a boy to see the differenoe between two days and a month; aad it is only by the recurrence of the Saturday holiday that he learns to grasp the meaning of a week. A boy only begins to gst jubilant over the Christmas holidays about a week before the time. . And when an extraordinarily hard-headed boy m$rks off on his slate a month ahead the number of days to Christmas, he dolefully wipes out the calculation with 'his sleeve, and feels that' the holidays are so remote that no human patience can endure so long, and that life is not worth living. Setting aside sickness, the cause of mast of the misery of children is a sense of helplessness. ' To be weak is miserable,' says Milton. Everyone can recall some instance of bitter injustice or disappointment which was rendered doubly bitter by the callous indifference of those whocaueedifc,and theseneeofhelplessness to set oneself right. Some boy haB offended in school, and you have to stand up and have your little trembling hand striped with a hard cane for an offence you are not guilty of, and you go back to your seat with an agonising- sense of injustice. Probably there is not a man living who hasn't vowed at such times that, should he ever grow up to be a man, he would lave a bloody revenge on his schoolmaster. You meet him in'after-years, however, and talk over such things with a smile, well knowing that the incessant worry of children will, at times, make a tyrant of the best school mester that ever lived. Or, father comes home gloomy and disappointed over some heavy los?, or perhaps in the ' nasty ' stage of tipsinesB, and you are snapped at ani cuffed to bed. In all this you feel the hopelessness of resistance, end wonder why grown-up people who oan come and go as they pleass, and have watches, and fruits, and money, and everything they wish, cannot allow you the few email pleasures open to a child. And then there Is the domineering of older boys — your own brothers, perhaps. We forget how bitterly we felt these continual reminders of our littleness. Marryai relates how he ran away to sea, and to us it looks funny enough. One of his brothers had outgrown his trousers, and his thrifty mother, deciding that they were too good to bs thrown away, had allotted them to the future novelist; When he !)ictured himself with that pair of trousers on, as much too ong for him as they were too short for the other, and reflected on the derision he would meet with from his com panions he left his home and his kindred, preferring father to Buffer the perils of the deep than the whips aud scorns of hisequalB. Then there was the food. You were compelled to eat fat because it was *' good for you,' and stale bread because 'you mustn't quarrel with your victuals ; ' and, generally, the whole legislation of grown-up people appeared to be based on the stupid old principle, that whatever you liked must be kept from you, and whatever you really wished to do you mustn't— because you mustn't. You want to sit up on a winter night, and look into the fire, or turn over a picture-book. ' Little boys must go to bed — Early to bed and early to rise &c;,' and then when you have crawled in between the cold sheets, and cried yourself to sleep, and wake up in the morning and see the frost on 1 the pane, - and fed, on ! so snug, iPB ' Now, then, tip you ! get— early to rise is the thing for boys,' and you have ti bundle Out and get the milk-can and away off with your teeth chattering and your hands blue, and your chilblains maddening you in-y our frosted leather boots. And you get cheated ' too. Uncle John promised you' a half-crown, Mid Bow he won't pay, because, he says, yOu didn't run thatlast errand as fast as you might. And you were promised a seat in the buggy for a picnic, and that old thing, Aunt Matilda, wants to go, and says, ' bother that nuisance of a child, there isn't room,' and you watch them oat of sight and sit down to cry your eyes out, and feel how small, how dread fully small, you are. All the great tragedies have adults' for the sufferers.- It appears never to nave struck anyone that in some of the experiences of childhood there is the material for the most soul moving sympathy. The troubles of the two young princes in the To weir were surely^tragic enough ; and nobody who has read of the childish sufferings of Oliver Twist or little Copper-field, but must admit how keenly children may be made to suffer. 'But it is soon over,' says the adult.' That is all very well from our standpoint, bnt, as we said above, soon has a very long meaning in childhood. There is a perspective of time, and the vanishing point is infancy. We look away back through long years, and because our Belves, as pictured at that distance, appear small and trifling, we imagine that the troubles of that time were trifling. We dwell npon the difficulties of . - to-day, hut see the old ones in a haze with half -their horrors conceded. It is 'difficult to realise at this distance that the feelings agititing that haggard faced business man, who fiads the f.uitsof a life-long toil shattered in a moment by some broken bank or dishonest employee, had any sort of a counterpartin those days when you cried yourself to sleep lvera childish disappointment. But, difficult or not, one has only to watoh the expression on the face of a disappointed chill to see that he, too, knows hiB bitterness; and has, in addition, what most adults have not— the sense that the disappointment is irremediable. But If these miseries befall children of all other classes, what a spectable is before us when we come to homes of Sualid misery, such as millions are bom into every year. omes where the poor famished child crawls in the dark to his oorner, aud shivers away the night under 'a filthy rag, while father or mother.or both, are maundering in drunken revelry in some filthy beer- shop. See the little thing wake shivering in the morning, ana creep silently forth for fear | of disturbing their drunken dumber, and duik down right of-ways or around to the markets in hope of securing some damaged fruit or waste vegetables to satisfy his raging hunger. See him come back to be cuffed and* abused, and perhaps sent out unwashed to do some work beyond his strength and under the most terrible threats if he failed to bring home the means of another hour 6r two's low de bauchery. Perhaps he is an intelligent child ; but iu that case all his intelligence is directed in the channel of trickery and low deceit ; Possibly, seeing how well-dressed and well fed other boys of his age are, he longs at'times to know the comfortB of a home, or to have some congenial ' work'. But he is helples?, and ragged; and dirty, and nobody will have hitn; - and so, feeling -himself shut Out oh all sides from human sympathy, he becomes an old than in conning and lying before he has reached his teens-'; and knowingno other society thin that he lives in he Ihrows himself into their ways and aco6ptstheIr vie^s of life and conduct; as the only ones omen to -him. He becomes1 a plunderer ana a vagabond from necessity, and learns : from criminal associates to find -his glory in1 his shame. In nine oases ' outlet ^ten - W6'e*agger*te the pleasures of childhood and underrate their lorrows. We go for days and weeks together . and' suffer little care or trouble ; but wljat child passes a week without suffering keenly P -Stupid teachers expect them to understand lessons that have been unexplained, and the child is punished for not understanding ; or there is trouble in the houBS, everybody is out of humour, and the peevishness is vented upon him.- Or take the' case of a family that from some cause has been reduced to poverty. The boy who used to be well- dressed finds himself in school alongside his old companions, who jeer at his jpatdhed clothes, and bare toes showing through Lis boots. No king reduced to poverty, tod no lady brought up in affluence ana finding herself oompdled to stay at home because she will not appear shabbybefore her acquaintances, feels tbe humiliation motekeanly. The notion ofchildhobd being a long summer' day of sunshine and -flowers and laughter is an illntdon. The pares and pains afe pretty evenly distributed through Our lives. We have pains and Injustices in childhood, snubbing* inyouth, budness wbriy at maturity, and feebleness ana fretfulness Inage. Eacn age fy keenly alive to its own griefs aad forgetfulof those rof othen: fust as each age has Its pleasures and loses taste for those it has outgrown. But with agv we leara to expect less of pleasure and to endure hardship without undue bitterness. It is otherwise with , children. Their expec tations ate immense, and their disappointment proportion atdy great. . Just keeping this side of over-indulgence, then, no care nor kindly consideration appears too 'great in smoothing tbe path of the little ones who are always with us. They, too, have their tights on the earth ; and it is sot for tu, because we are a tew feet taller, to use hardily, and faring to their young hearts unnecessarily a single one of those pangs which the struggle of life wQllmng aO too soon. A child uxtsympathisea with is orphaned, although his parents live. 