GENERA! NEWS. Although the weather was so threatening? on Monday, it did not detract much froni the satisfaction of pleasure-seekers in their Easter holiday pastimes. People streamed out from their homes, in holiday costume, in great numbers, and the roads to the various depots of sport and recreation were early in the day thickly thronged. One of the principal attractions in the City in the forenoon was the Druids' procession, which had a vary quaint and interesting appear ahcc", a&the; members in their flowing beards and garments p'erambulated the principal streets of the City eft fofite for the Friendly Societies' Gardens. Great numbers Of people made for the vdriOirs Railway stations, bent upon trips to the bealthv semi-rural retreats which are to be foufia on all sides at short distances from the metropolis. Mordialloc, Brighton, and Lily- dale Beemed to be in great favour, judging by the rush and bustle on the rail way platforms, while Ferntree Gully attracted its? tiffrtal share of picnickers. The monster demonstrations' of the Blue Ribbon Union and Salvation Army were largely attended. All the steamers goihg down the Bay, we believe, had the full complement aboard, and more besides, and although the water was rather rough, fun predominated, and satisfaction attended each auspicious trip. The various minor pastimes, both near and far. nassed off well, including the Austin Hos- pital bazaar at the Town-hall and the races at W illiams town . In the afternoon the sky, which had been overcast, became more leaden still, and, at about 3 p.m., a slight shower fell, sending some of the more cautions quickly homewards. The great majority, however, remained out of doora until nightfall, trusting in the fates for fine weather, and fortunately tie rain held up until that hour. It was vefy wet, however, in the evening, rain having commenced to come down heavily at about half -past 7. Not&tbsianding; this, the theatres and other placed of amusement attracted numerous audiences, d Were all more or ess crowded. The eight-hours' day annual profession will this year present a more effective dis play than in any previous year. One element of interest will be the addition of fite new and very handsome trade banners. These will be borne by the TypograpMcal Society, the Bootmakers', the Labourers', the Bookbinders', and Confectioners' Societies respectively, each of wMch section was but poorly represented on the last anniversary day. The tm- smiths have also constructed armour of their trade metal, to be worn by two of their craft on horseback. The armour has been constructed with care, and will look well. The Slaters' Society, a new combination, will be accompanied by a drag Containing Chiarini's Circus band, which has been, or will be, engaged for the occasion. At a meeting of the executive of the Queen's Birthday Gala, Under the auspices of the Metropolitan United Fire Brigades, held on Tuesday, it was resolved that the co-operation of the various Friendly Societies should be invited to make the day one of public rejoicing in honour of Her Majesty. The reports to hana'show that success is assured, a large number of representatives from the country having already promised attendance. Sub committees are actively engaged in the work of preparing programmes of sporis, events, and shows. The death of Charles Reade will awaken regret in the heart of every lover of genuine fiction. The deceased novelist, who was the youngest son of the late John Reade, . Esq., was born in 1814, was educated at Magdalen College, Oxford, of which he was successively a Demy and a Fellow. He graduated B.A. in 1835, was called to the bar at Lincoln's Inn ill 1S43. aud nine years after became known to the reading public as the author of " Peg Woffington.'' He was a most prolific writer of fiction, and more lately took to dramatic work, in which he achieved distinguished success. Amongst his best known novels are " It is Never Too Late to Mend" (also dramatised by the author), "Jack of All Trades," "The Cloister and the Hearth," "Hard Cash," and Griffith Gaunt." His priucipal plays are dramatisations of his own novels, but one of his latest is " Drink," founded on M." Zola's novel, " L'Assommoir," and pro duced at the Princess's Theatre, London, 2nd June, 1S79 Mr. Reade was married, and has left ft family. It will be gramy mg to .our fiction-loving readers to learn that arrangements have been made for the pos thumous publication of the fanied novelist's latest work in the columns of 'The Daily Telegraph . The Railway commissioners have ascer tained, from information supplied to them by the officers in their departments, that the general Easter traffic was the heaviest ever known, but that the arrangements to meet it worked very satisfactorily. With regard to the refusal of a driver to take a train on recently from Warrenlieip to Bal larat, on the ground that he had not suffi cient brake power to control the train in the run down the steep gradient between that station and Ballarat East, Mr. Speight has given orders for a departmentaljhiquiry, lie tha.f. f.hp driver should have known what brake power would be re quired, . and made arrangements accord ingly- We are informed that arrangements are being made by sympathisers and supporters of tne Blue Ribbon movement here for retaining the services of Mr. R. T. Booth, the American temperance advocate, in the colonies for some months. As our readers 1 are aware, Mr. Booth has experienced very bad health for several weeks past. He » lately visited New South Wales, where he I spent some time in the cool, bracing atmos- ; phere to be found in the Blue : Mountains. " Finding that his health did not improve much, he determined to return to Eng- ; land, and had actually taken his t passage, when a proposal as above in dicated was made. The great energy and ability displayed by Mr. Booth in the temperance cause are recognised by a large number, and a widespread desire to retain him in Australia is felt. A sub scription-list, promptly started, with the object of raising money for a compensation, fund, has already mounted to about £500, and' it is anticipated that another £500 will be readily obtained. By the earnest solicita tions made to him on the subject, Mr. Booth has been indrieed to remain, and he indicated aB much at the Mtre Ribbon picnic held at Heidelberg on Monday,- stating that he" had changed bis mind with reference to going home, and was about to send a telegram thither for his wife and child rente come out to Australia. He will -lorfcly visit Sydney- to conduct a mission there, and the Rev. H. A. Langley, who has chiefly been instrumental in raising the money already in band, will accompany him. The Sydney people will also be asked to contribute to the fund. One of the prominent attractions in the City on Saturday evening was the Easter Fair at George aind George's Federal Empo rium, which was patronised by several thousand visitors. The extensive premises of the firm were gaily decorated with flowers, ferns, flags, etc., and brilliantly illuminated, whilst on all sides were displayed thousands of beautiful and artistic articles to tempt the parse and please the eye. Pleasant instru mental music was discoursed in various por tions of the building, and there were exhibitions of working model steam- engines, electrical - machines, etc. One of the curiosities to be seen was " Aladdin's Palace," which consulted of a mmiature representation 01 an eastern seun wreathed with, garlands of flowers and lit with coloured lamps, in wMch were dis played a beautiful array of French dolls, miniature furniture, bric-k-brae of all kindsv This novel enterprise on the part of the -firm, upon which a great deal of thought and labour had evidently been expended, appears to have hit the public taste, especially of our country visitors, who mustered in strong force, and seemed highly delighted with the opportunity of thus com bining business with pleasure. The following persons have informed the Railway Department of their intention of claiming compensation for injuries received in the Little River railway collision, in addition to those who have already noti fied the department to the same effect JT. 8. Backwell, No. 3 Lydiard street, Ballarat > James James, Bal larat; Mrs. T. Turner. Mr. Weire, an officer in the Legislative Council, has sent an intimation to the department to the effect that he and his daughter, who wero in the passenger train, which wa» damaged,, have received injuries which prevented them from attending to their dnties, but he has not notified his intention of seeking for compensation The will of the late Hon. John Camming;. M.L.C., of Toorak surd Terrinallum station Darlington, was, on the lOtb inst., proved at the value of £336,000. Frobate was granted to the Htm. James MacBalzi, M.L.C., and Mr. S. V. Buckland, solicitor, of Geelong. He leaves his house at Toorak, "Millicent," to his widow, together with an annuity of £2,000 per annum, and a legacy of £5,500, and leaves various . legacies to his children, and directs the residue to be divided among them after a certain event. He also directs that his executors should receive 5 per cent, commission for ttieir trouble. An amusing defeat of" the American spiritualist, Mr. Bastian, is announced from Vienna, where (says the Pall Mall Gazette) for some time the eminent medium has been the cause of much, discussion among the. higher and highest classes of society. The Crown Prince of Austria and Archduke Johiij having determined io sound the mysteries of Mr.- Bastian s art, arranged three seances at the Archduke s residence.. The first was held Without any revelations, but before the second meeting began preparations were secretly made lo catch the ghost in a trap. After the select audience had gathered in a dimly -lighted room a spirit in a garb of - mourning silently entered, while the medium was apparently lying in the next room stiff and fast asleep. This room was separated from that in which the audience was assembled by a curtained doorway through which the ghost passed. In this entrance the conspirators, however, had fixed a secret door, which they could shut silently. and instantly by touching a spring. VvThile the mournful ghost was flitting before the awestruck assembly this door suddenly shut, and the ghost, who stooa revealed as Mr. Bastian, vainly endeavoured to make his escape. The merriment of the company knew no boiysds waeu tue medium's shop alone wete found in the next room, where a few moments before Mr. Bastian had been lying in mesmeric sleep. The depression in spiritualistic circles is naturally very great. We are able to state on authority that the Royal Commission on the Education Act are to recommend in their rpurt that the Act should be maintained in its integrity. The report has not been finally dealt with, but , it has been virtually adopted, notwithstand ing the fact that the chairman (Mr. Rogers, Q.C.) has been absent for some time in Tasmania. The original document, as drawn, up by the chairman, lies been materially altered by the majority of the commission. Mr. Rogers introduced in Ins draft a recommendation that sectarian re- _ % . 1 . -1 .1 «TN .A » lisiou should bo taught uy tne orate ; m other words, that the Roman Catholic claims should be granted. Yvhen this was considered by the commission a re solution emphatically negativing this part of the document was carried by a large majority, and it was decided to simply recommend that increased facilities should be given for the teaching of religion after the ordinary school hours. The decision thus come to was adopted with a view of treating al denominations alike, ana of maintaining at the same time the secular principle of the Act. Messrs. Emerson and Barrow, as solicitors for Mr. A. BradfebaW. have forwarded a notification to the Railway Cou n ssioners to the effect that- their, client iuteihU to ask for compensation Ifehiiuries received by him in the Little#lr railway accident, i Messrs. B. fl. Williams and J, fctout, of j Ballarat, have sent in similar notifications, \- v ..V 