WILLIAM WEBSTER'S LAY SERMON AND CANON ANDREWS. TO THE EDITOR. Sir—I am sorry that the Rev. W. B. Andrews demurs to " enter thelists of contro versy with me on the question as to whether the science of political economy underlies the teachings of faith in any part of the New Testament," because in so doing he is shirk ing the discussion of the question which he has himself raised—i.e., as to whether Wil liam Webster's exposition is in accordance with the letter and spirit of his text or not. Mr. Andrews claiming to Bpeak with the authority of a theologian declared that it is not; and in his teply to me he Bays deliberately that " political economy or anything touching on the iand question is not contained in that passage in the Sermon on the Mount on which Mr. Webster bases his remarks." Now this mode of stating the matter raises a false issue in the minds of those who have not read the exposition in question. It assumes that Webster asserts that the passage bears directly on the land question, but instead of that the writer asserts that he finds in it a "principle by which the justice or injustice of property in land can be decided." In reply to Mr. Andrews's bald assertions on this matter my sense of fair play compels me to a6k that you will kindly insert an extract from the "Lay Sermon" which gives the exposition under discussion. [The extract in question is longer than we can find room for. Any one interested can obtain the paragraph ana read it for himself.] I am very sorry, indeed, that I have t. accuse Mr. Andrews of either neglect to endeavour to understand William Webster's meaning before criticising it, or worse, ef wilful misrepresentation of the evident teaching, when he says that it inculcates the principle " let each one look keenly after his own interests." I challenge Mr. Andrews to justify his assertion that such a principle is inculcated anywhere in the pamphlet. I am still more sorry to have to own that this is one of many in stances in which theological prejudice has either, consciously or unconsciously, misrepresented whatever does not fit in with its preconceived notions. Mr. Andrews says that "the Kingdom of God, instead of being better materially regulated conditions between man and man, is righteousness and peace and joy in the Holy Ghost." Is it possible that he does not know the etymology of the word righteousness? I understand that it comes from rightwaysness, and this can only express itself in materially regulated or rectified conditions between _ man and rnaD. My reading of that text is that the Kingdom of God is rightwaysness towards our fellows, which will bring peace instead of strife with them and joy in the Holy Ghost as the exhilarating result of that mode of livinn. or the love to God and love to man tbat Webster teaches. —I am. Sir, &c;„ WM. T. CARTER. 