The Confirmation Service. The announcement that Dr Kennion, the Anglican Bishop of Adelaide, was to hold a confirmation service at St. Augustin'a Church last Sunday morning, attracted a large congregation of all the Protestant denominations. Ttie preliminary service wag conducted by tho Rev P. R. P. Dj.ld, the minister of the church, after which Bishop Kennion spoke a few words of exhortation to the candidates for confirmation, of iv'iom there were eight, four males and four females. They were reminded of their reception into the church by baptism, and it was pointed out that they were now of their own free will and choice about to enter into a solemn obligation as members of tho Church of Christ. They should be fully assured of the genuineness and the thoroughness of their desire and intention to walk in the footsteps of the Redeemer, and to keep his commandments. After the laying on of han is which followed the exhortation, the Bishop gave a Bhort address bearing on the relations subsisting between God and the members of His Church. The text was taken from St. Paul's second epistle to Timothy, II., 19—'-The foundation of God staudeth sure, having this seal, The Lord knoweth them that are His," and, "Let everyone that nameth the name of Christ depart from iniquity." Bishop Kennion, in dealing with the text, pointed out that Confirmation was a seal of reception into God's Church. A seal was not merely an instrument of signature, but a guard and protection, and was also us d as a special marking out of property. Slaves were in ancient timeB sometimes sealed with the mark of their owners, and in Revelation an angel was spoken of as Bealing the children of God. But an obligation specially rested upon all who were sealed as members of tho Church of Christ, and the second part of the text set forth what that obligation was " Let every one that nameth the name of Christ depart from iniquity." The application of this command was then treated with special reference to those who had newly entered into the obligation of the Christan brotherhood. In the afternoon a well attended Children's Service was conducted by the Bishop, and in the evening he preached in the church, which was comfortably filled. The Bishop took his text from Ezekiel XXXVII, 27. He commenced hy saying that there wa8 war among the apostles of science, and that the various schools of agnosticism were at variance among themselves. Herbert Spencer had through his own mental research come to the conclusion that there was somewhere an energy—an author—who produced the univeise, and was not necessarily unknowable. Agnosticism was showing that even in its ranks there was a search after God — and a feeling that man must have something to worship. The first proposition enunciated in the text was that God is one, and that sin keeps man back from flim. In none of the ancient languages, except in Hebrew, was there a word which adequately described what was meant by sin, as we understand it. The history of the Jewish nation showed that from the time they were led through the wilderness up to the moment of Christ's appearing, God was educating them to receive Him. The second proposition was that God in His wondrous love WSB drawing men to himself, and that by Hia Holy Spirit he was Btill inviting them to come. The third was, that much of the failure of the Church to exert a greater influence in the world was attributable to an ignoring of the Holy Ghost. Referring to a union between the various denominations, he said that it was his hope that by and by there would be a fusion ; it was the duty of every one to promote in every possible way the welfare of the religious body to which he was attached ; that in addition it was the duty of each to pray for all, and the time would come when all sects would be united in one church. This unity would not be nominal merely, but in deed and in fact, each section joining with the others for the advaDCitnent of God's glory and the unity of His church. Mr Sebastian George is achieving quite a reputation and making a considerable sensation in Adelaide, with bis '• thought reading" exhibitions. He was fairly successful in his seance in the Parliament House Smoking Room last Thursday, and on Friday was invited to exhibit his powers fit Government House. His Excellency and Lady Robinson tested his thought reading capacities, and were satisfied that they are something out of the common. There is an unassuming and modest citizen of Port Augusta, who poss686s the same power in a very marked degree ; but be won't exhibit. 