A DISINTERRED DOCUMENT. -*- - When the walls of the old Church of St. George's in Orleana Square were pnllnd down the foundation stone was carefully lifted and the bottle containing the docu ments found intact. It was one of die old shaped ginger-beer bottles, and had preserved the paper put therein in a good state. Singularly enough, though the paper bad stood the ravages of tine, the gold and silver coin had not, and either worn to nothing by age or extracted by dnt fingers, it jwb not to be found with the exception of a solitary copper penny piece. The paper, of which we give below a copy, is in a splendid state of preservation, ? little browned by age bui with no ugns of decay. Where the folds have been it is just a little cracked, apd that is all there is to tell of its long sleep in its dork chamber since 1847. Of those whose names are upon its pages but very few are now alive, or take an active part in public life, or are living in the vicinity of Gawler. We congratulate Canon Coombs on the progress that the Church has made since the paper was hidden, and we trust that the wishes contained in it may be still more abundantly realised than in the past. The following is a tran script from the original, which is in the Hnuunkiwiuij va- vuv vivseuv xuvuuiirouv ?— ST. GEORGE'S CHURCH, In the Township of Gawler, County of Gawler, S. Australia, thiB foundation stone of this Church was laid by HlB EZOBUKNCT THE LlEUT-GoVERNOR On Thursday, the 4th pf March, 1847, being the tenth year of the reign of our Most Gracious Sovereign Queen Victobu. _ Lieut-Governor of S. Australia — His Ex cellency Frederick Holt Robe, Major in the Army. Judge — Hie Honor Charles Cooper. Official Membebs of Council. Colonial Secretary— The Hon. A. M. Mundy. Advocate-General — Hon. w. omiha. Registrar-General — Hon. Charles Sturt. Non- Official Members of Council. Hon. T. O. Halloran, Hon. S. Davenport Hon. — Bagot Hon. R. F. Newfand Sheriff— C. B. Newenham, Esq. Bishop of Australia— Bight Rev. W. G. Broughton, D.D., Colonial Chaplain and Incumbent. Minister of Trinity — Rev. James Farrell. Incumbent Minister of St. John's, Ade laide— Rev. W. J. Woodcock. Incumbent Minister of St. James', Mount Barker— Bev. J. Pollitt. Minister of St. Paul's, Port Adelaide Be v. G. Newenham. Minister of St. George's, Gawler, Bev. W. H. Coombs. Building Committee — Chairman, W, Younghusband, Esq. S.King, Esq., Philip Butler, Esq., A. Grant. Esq., Mr T. Stubbs. This stone is laid as the Foundation Stone of a building to be called St. George's, in the Name of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Ghost Amen. May this sacred edifice, which is to be reared partly by aid from the Gospel Propagation Society, the Christian Know ledge Society, the South Australian Church Society, the Government, volun tary contributions, stands a memorial of the attachment of its promoters to that branch of the Apostolical Church of Eng land, planted by Divine Providence in this colony. May it ever be hallowed as the chosen dwelling place of the Triune Jehovah and filled from generation to generation with b'lmbfo and devout worshippers 1 May its sacred altars be perpetually serveu oy men w uu», uni , of Faith, Hope, and the Holy Ghost, whose constant aim it shall be to fulfil the grand ends of the Christian Ministry by promoting the glory of God and tbe ex tension and edification of the Church. Finally, muy all who take part in the solemnities this day partake of the felicity of God's chosen here and rank among His Saints in glory everlasting. Now, therefore, oar God, we thank Thee and praise Thy Glorious Name. O Lord our God, all this stone that we have pre pared to build Thee a House for Thine Holy Name cometh of Thine hand, 'tis all Thine own. 