/ ( " Macbeth." > », C This tragedy was written by the / immortal - William -Shakespeare, ,in S the year 1606. The late Thomas ( Campbell, in his '"Remarks on the / Life and Writings of ' William S 'i Shakespeare, " writes. ' ' Enlightened " f" criticism' and universal opinion have' ? : so' completely set the seal "of celebrity ; V on' this tragedy, that it will stand L whilst our language, exists, -as a, /" monument of English genius. -Nayi \ it.will outlast the present form of our i . language, and speak to generations ) unborn in parts of the earth that are' J yet uninhabited. No drama, in any \- National Theatre, talcing even that of- ) Greece into account, has more wonder-- v fully amalgamated the natural and ' the supernatural— or made the sub-' ) stances of truth more awful by their l superstitious shadows— than has the , . tragedy of ' Macbeth.' The progress' , of " Macbeth,' in crime is, an-un-. paralleled lecture in ethical anatomy.' The heart of a man, naturally -prone I to goodness, is exposed so as toteach us ( clearly through what avenues of that heart the black drop of guilt found i its way to expel the more innocent' blood, A. semblance of superstitious- necessity 'is ' no doubt preserved in. r the actions of Macbeth ; and a super ficial reader might say that the Witches'nob only tempted- but necessi- i tated Macbeth to murder Duncan. But this is, not the- case, for " Shakespeare has, contrived to give at once the awful appearance of preter natural impulse on Macbeth's mind, and yet visibly to. leave, him a free agent.and a voluntary sinner; If we . could imagine Macbeth 'conjuring the . hags to re-appear on the eve of his inevitable death, and aocusirig them ' of .having caused him to murder Duiican, the Witches might very well" say,' ' We did not oblige you to any such act, we only foretold what would have happened even if. you had not murdered Duncan, namely,' that you should be Scotland's King. But you were impatient. You did not cpnsider that if the prediction was true it was no business of yours to bestir yourself in the business ; but you had a wife, a -fair wife, who goaded you on to the murder.' If the. WitcheB had spoken thus, there would be matter in. the tragedy itself to bear them out ; for Macbeth absolutely sajrs to himself, 'If it be thus decreed, it must be, and there is no necessity for me to stir in the affair.' " This tragedy had its first perfor mance in Melbourne, at- the Queen- street Theatre, ' on July 10th, 1845. The play ' was rendered by the : Melbourne Company, as distinguished from "Mr. Ooppin's "Launceston Company. " As the cast is of curious interest to playgoers of the present day, I give it in extenso : Duncan, King of Scotland. . Mr. Capper Malcolm .. .. . .Mre. Mereton Macbeth .. , - .. Mr;Nesbitt Macduff .. .. -..-Mr. Cameron Banqno .. . .. . Mr. Alexander Lennox . . ; . . . . Mr. Davles Hoeso Mr. Jacobs, Fleance .. .. Master Capper Seyton .. .. Mr. O.Boyd Ofiicur .. ..Mr. Edwards Physioian ... „ Mr. Andrews First Witch .. .... .. . Mr. Lee Second ditto .. ,, . Mr. Mereton Third ditto .. ..Mr. Falohon Lady Macbeth . , Mrs. Cameron- Gentlewoman .. .. Mrs, Avlns The newspaper criticisms at the time were of no account, this per formance being disposed of in two or three lines, " The attendance was large, Mr. Nesbitt was essentially good, and the others got through their parts satisfactorily." Very few artists - have made either Macbeth or Lady Macbeth their initial introduction to a Melbourne audience. Mr. O. W. Barry made the character of Macbeth the occasion of his first appearance on the Mel bourne stage, on July 2, 1860, with Mr. Henry Edwards as Macbeth, and Mrs. Charles Poole as Lady Macbeth, Miss Goddard (Mrs. Caple), made her. first entree on the Melbourne stage, on Aug. 24, 1857, as Lady Macbeth to -the Macbeth of the late lamented G. V. Brooke. " An Australian Roscius," of some fourteen years of age, named Master Edward Pole, made his first appear ance on any stage as Macbeth at the Theatre Royal, Melbourne, Aug. 25, 1858,. to the Lady Macbeth of the lata Miss Ellen Mortyn, A revival of "Macbeth" took place at the Haymarket Theatre, Melbourne, Aug. 22, 1863. The notification on the bills of the period gave the reason of its re-production. | " The greatest novelty yet produced, thirteen ghosts will appear in Shakespeare's, sublime tragedy of 'Macbeth,' by the aid of Professor Pepper's wonderful effects and il lusions." Messrs. Henry Edwards and Richard Younge played alterna- i tely Macbeth . and Macduff. Miss ; Annie Lo.ckhart was Lady Macbeth. Mr. J. J. Bartlett was Malcolm, and ... , Mr.Richard-' Stewart was the Hecate. "One man in his time plays many parts " is a Shakesperian axiom. But it is very seldom the lot of an actor to .play second - business to many stars." Writing of " Macbeth," my mind reverts to Mr.' H. R. Harwood, i " who" "lias played Macduff, to the : Macbeth of- Messrs. Walter Mont- 1 gomery, James Anderson, Daniel E. < Bandmann, Charles Pope, Alfred Dampier, and almost every star 1 that has appeared on the Melbourne < stage. One of the greatest bits of real tragic acting was the "sleepwalking < scene" which was given at a day s performance at the Opera House, ' Oct. . 2, 1875. Lady Macbeth was ( then sustained by the great Ristori. j Mr. H. R. Harwood was the Physician j "on the occasion. ' C Signor Verdi, the great opera j composer, . took " Macbeth " for his f " theme, and after, careful considera- j tion, 'produced the operaof "Macbeth" \ ' in Florence, Italy, in 1847. It was f subsequently played in London. J The' firs't production of the operatic ) version of this . tragedy in Melbourne, C took' place at the .Theatre . Royal, / Sept.- 8, I860, when that house- was f leased for a short period to Signor ( Bianchi. The artists then engaged / in the presentation were \ Maobiith.. - .. Moos. B. Coulon v Hiicduff .. .. ..Signor Bianchl ) . Banqno .. . ... . .. . Mr. John Gregg \ Ma oolm , ' .. ' Mr. Walter Shcrwin J Lady Macbeth .. Signom Bianchi \ | Witches Miss ,0. Hamilton and Mrs. Hanooofc ) Conductor..' ' ' Mr. Winterbottom V The second production of the opera ) in Melbourne; was given at- the ( Princess Theatre, whue under the / direction of the late W. S. Lyster, \ ' May 24, 1872, when the principal ( parts were thus sustained":— / Lady Macbeth.. .. Sigriora Zononi ) Maobcth .. ... .. Signor Tournerie ( Macdnff ' . . . . Signor Leandro Coy ) Banqno .. . .. Signor Enrico Dondl f 