English and Fordism There are i0,000 breweries in Europe. Mr. Hugh Conway has in hand & ghost story for Harper's Christmas number. Victor Hugo has written a- poem on the balloon-steering experiment recently made. Honourable John Ure, ex-Lord ProvoBt of Glasgow, Scotland, has returned home from a tour through India, Australia, and America. - The late Mr. Hoe, the inventor, had hopes : of giving the public an invention in the way of a photographic press that would turn out 960,000 papers an hour. Englandhasl, 346 co-operativesooieties, with 661,000 members, and making annual sales amounting to 130, 000, OQOIol. Last year they divided 10, 000, OOOdol. profits. The Burnley Hall estate in Norfolk is fee sate. For many years it belonged to tbe late Joseph Hume, tbe well- known advocate of public economy and expoaer of jobs. An incident of the Royal visit to Newcastle was that lambs, of a breed for which tbe district is famous, were presented to the Princess of Wales and her three daughters. The proportion of female to male students at the American Universities is steadily increasing. Last academical year 400 out of the 1,400 students at Michigan were ladies. Over the piano in an English hotel parlour dangles a placard inscribed as follows: "Inexperienced performers are requested to deny themselves the use of this instrument." A little four- flapped table, on which Shake speare's arms and initials and some other ornaments are carved, has recently been found at a farmhouse three miles from Strat ford. The Government of Berne, in Switzerland, has decided to prohibit the Salvationist meetings at Canton, on the novel ground that the Army services have no religious character 1 Three persona have died in the neighbonr- hood of St. Petersburg from blood poisoning, l caused by the sting of flies which had j previously settled on cattle suffering from : rinderpest. j The proprietors of the Illustrated London I News are, it is reported, making arrange- ; merits for the publication of au American ! edition simultaneously with the appearance of the English one. It is reported that the Horse Guards j authorities have under their consideration a ; scheme of aerial warfare, which, after having been referred to a committee, has been re ported upon favourably. The Berlin correspondent of the Paris states that the true explanation of the pre sent attitude of Germany towards Francis rin8JEnglandi veW' ) the designs of the Empfte flipaiT Holland, j r An Inciala flocks of swallows whtoh return to the British shores in the spring ax? so . WJ they reach the land and alight to feist, the; cover, the beach for a distahee-of half a naite 1 Addison, who wrote a good deal about , female fashions in the Spectator, very much ridiculed the hoop-petticoat, which was -so large about the year, 1744 that a .woman wearing one occupied the space. of six, men ! On the death of Lord Arundel, of Wariour, there will be probably, another Roman Catholic priest io addition to Lord Pefcre in : the House of Lords, as the heir to the title is a brother, much younger, the Rev. Everard Arundel. Thomas Wentworth Higginson predicts the return of the ideal in fiction, and says that while the photographic school of novels has reached a high point of excellence, it should not be assumed that the iueal school has disappeared. The late Alexandre Dumas said that, having travelled all over the world, he had brought back from every country save .England "a recipe for a new dish and a deooration. From England alone he obtained neither deooration nor Recipe." A paper , on the Wesleys in Cornwall, describing the beginning of Wesleyan Methodism in that county, was to appear in the September number of the Quiver. An illustration of Wesley preaching iu the open- air forms the frontispiece to the number. Messrs. Field, . .of Boston, United States,. willBhortly publish an Edwin Arnold Birth day Book. The selections have been made from 44 The Light of Asia," " Pearls of the Faith," and other works. The author's daughter is responsible for the selection. The 'decrease in the soma paid by - English railways for compensation for personal injury Ss remarkable for the past few months. One railway carried in the first half of this, year nearly a million passengers, and not a penny fwas paid for compensation for personal injaries. Mr. Dillon, the Irish ex-member of Parlia ment, has joined a combination of Denver and Lcadvilte capitalists who are negotiating for the purchase of from one to two hundred thousand acres of land in the northern portion cf Utah, upon which to settle a large Irish colony. There are sixty Catholic churches in Mon treal. The French cathedral situated there is the largest church building on that conti nent. It3 is built of limestone, and fifteen thousand people have often been assembled under its roof. George Augustus Sala has gone Into print with aj puff for; a certain English brand of smoking tobacco, whioh be accompanies with this piece of advice: "Smoke plenty of tobacco (in the great scare of 1832 not one " tobaooonist died of tbe cbolera), in order to oombine enjoyment with1 health/ It if said that a Persian king once, before going into battle with the Egyptians, gave each of his soldiers in the front ranks a live eat to Carry before him ; . and the Egyptians, surrendered to the Persians rather than injure the pats, which they considered sacred, A oorpy of the V Encyolopc&dia; Brifcannica," in twenty volumes, was bough by- a London bookseller in a well-known sale-room recently for the absurd sum of sixpence ! The edition , was so . old as . to be practically . worthless, but its value for waste paper must have been greatly in excess of the sum paid for it. ; - — Some excitement has been created in India by an authorisation which has been given by the ' Government to the officers of tbe Salvation Army to perform the -ceremony of marriage amongst their followers The objection seems to he to: the recognition of the Salvationists as a distinct sect, for, this granted, the authorisation is only a matter si coarse. On bis vast target field at Meppen, Herr Krnpp is at present having constrncted por tions of a large ironclad to try his fameuB guns against. These novel targets are so ingeniously arranged as to imitate the motion of a vessel at sea. Mr. Bessemer did this' little feat when he introduced t0T the observation of the world ibis balancing anti-sea-sickness saloon. The1 Duo de Persigny's widow, who is a descendant of Marshal Ney, and who, after the duke's death married M. Lemoioe, has- been deprived of the .management of her property, at the instance of her son and of her daughter's trustee. Tbe duchess is alleged to have spent 200,000f. oh a trip to Japan, and to have paid l,000,000f. for the Villa des Lotus, at Gannes. General Booth annbunoed at a public meet- ing some time since sn&t; it was the intention of the, Salvation Army to have some yachts to oarry on the " war" by sea as well as by land. An agent of the Salvation Army has been inspecting Bome vessels on the Clyde, and the yacht Greta being approved of by him, terms were forwarded to head-quarters, but the price was considered too high. Oil from the grape seed is now used in Italy for illuminating purposes. As extracted at Modena. 381b. of grape seed yield about thirteen quarts of oil, or aboat 18 psr cent. The seeds of the blaok grape yield more oil than the white varieties, and those of yonng vines are more prolific than old stocks.; The colour of the oil is golden yellow, and 25 per oent. is lost in tbe process of purification. The wheat crop of Colorado, which is now being threshed, will show an increase of £ per oent. over any previous year, making the yield 2,100.000 bashels. Colorado will oon- ' same 1,500,000. bushels of it, and what was once known as the " Great American Jesert" will be able to export some 600,000 bushels, whioh is the result of irrigation, ae i without artificial watering of the parched and not a bu&eiof; grain could be raised in Optandb. /' Mr. Henry George Bohn, the veteran bookseller of York street, Covent Garden, died at North Eod House, Twickenham,1 recently, in his eighty-ninth year, of mere old age, retaining his faculties till the last. Mr. Bohn, who was born of German parentage, was busily engaged in the book trade before any living publisher, oven in. eluding Mr. Murray, was born, and he has outlived all his competitors. Mr. Bohn married a daughter of the late Mr. Simpkin. who survives him. 