L ,INISCENCES OF THE [INOU STAGE. .B . n O.zr.D.$AOER. Since the days of the early mysteries and 1noralities down to our own time, the at tractiveness of all mattersa applrtaining' to the stage and its votaries has.becomie poro verbial. MIy reminiscences inmatters theat. rical carry me back fifty years, yet lcan re cafll with vividoness my early emotionis,' my close identification with the dramatis per. sone, their joys end sorrows. But although keenly alive to' all tender feeling, I never 'remember to have been afflicted by terrori;or eBen fear; yet was there a certain' complex pasion arising out of these which would' oc casionally result'in a sensation of profound awe, in such scenes as the Ghost in Hamnleit the murder in lMacbeth, or the death of Vir? In the days of which I speak, tragedy with a "star ' in the chief part wais a anx uiynot to be indalged in every-day;; ,hence we were fain to content ourselves with 'ordi nary fare -melodrima and farce.' This wdi1 by nso means' hardship." .Th' fobd' was melodrama pure and' ilmple, lasugh?terPi n tears closely allied,' a combinktioa.'dea'r' to the adolescent heart.: Tdo iot he'itate to affirm that the: ectaiy experiiced jby'a Columbus or a Vasco de Gaima'in the discov cry of a new continent,' is only to boequalli by the feliiatous 'delight olit" first "ight'i a the play I 'Doubtless, many 'of' ny ,eldei readers can revert'to 'this very n'emorablb event in their lives;;and coribborate'ine.:tI·' my own case, a half-holiday from schoolwas held to be neceasary`!id order that a prepajira ,toryadmonition as to behavlor'might be 'ad ministered while being inducted into' my theatre.going'gear ms'usial riady appetite became absorbed in the novelty;of the f holo ,thing, 'd utterly"forsook' me at' the early 'tea."" Butfor .this'deprivatlon l'was comIpenai sated later bn: ,':; : :, . '" f" : In theseearly days, thedoorsof the theatre werb dpened at hslf.past i ve oreix o' clock; i, I, -r ::_ , .? .? ,? .: li,·'h ; ? . , ,? "" ' '; , 1 . . ·I · a A "kW the curtain rising at half.past sir; and as every lessee competed to give full value for the admission fee, the time of closingwas rendered problematical. .To lose any part of the entertainment was, of course, out of the question; the forecasting housewife therefore provided herself with a plentiful supply of eatables, to satisfy the cravings of nature; and as " apples, oranges, and ginger. beer" were an institution, there was nolack of provender for either body or mind. I suppose that every boy has had his hero, and dulygiven him his boyish worship. Mine were numberless. Some of them, it is true, had shuffled off this mortal coil hundreds of years' ago, and become immortal; but the larger proportion were of my own creating; genuine to the core, without fl w or speck: In like manner, my heroines were al angels; and if our heroes were immaculate, our vil lains were of the most disreputable type, most emphatically-pronounced rascals. Our low comedian wue a comic man, al beit gifted by Dame Nature with the saddest countenance ever beheld. I never saw.upon his face the remotest approach to a smile, and yet, withal, his quips and cranks were provocative of incessant merriment. His fate and his fortunes'were cast in unpleasant places : his perplexities were simply delight fl, and in his direst misfortunes we vouch safed him no sympathy. Always in difficul. ties, his life seemed a burden to him ; and but for the tender feeling existing between himself and the pert soltbrefle, I think he would have succumbed. Of course he mar ried her in the end; but as a boy, I used to have my doubts as to whether they were happy ever afterwards. n the year 1834, I was bound apprentice to a London house-decorator in the West minster Road, nearly opposite to Astley's Amphitheatre, then under the management of the famous Ducrow ; and in the practice of my vocation, it not unfrequently hap ten that I was employed in a theatre, hence my predilection for the amusements thereof. My first visit to the above establishment was made some years earlier than this. My parents had taken me to witness, the Battle of Waterloo. "The nise and smoke deaf omed and choked mo'; but the visit was made memorable by two" circunmastances. I dropped into the pit''huge piece, of cur rent dunipling, for' hich L was' cvertly repriisanded'; and I'Saw Gomersaias Napio leon ! This gentleman I'had many opportu. nites' of sceing'subsequently in, the same part; indeed; so clearly was"he identified with it, that Inever remember to have seen him play any other. Figure, gait, ad cos tume,' combined with' more tha?'ordinary tIlent, `tended 'to: make the impersonation quite onique. He" died at Leds' iti 1862, aged seventyfoiir. ' SThe battle ver, 'and comnplete'" affocatio' not having supervened, 'we'had the scenes in tieo circle--Dncrow as the Courier of "St Petersbirg;,' with his eight" horses.?'' Mi foolford; 1 Stickney' as Shaw the Life Guardsman;,and the enjoyable linior' 'of 'Bhllock the clown; a fellow' of infihite'jest. 'Tie part'of'the entertainment' suited .'my to ' far 'better than' gupowvddoe'" But Widdecombe, .the ring-master," li,Widde-' combo,'minout'iiot be forgotten. Pistred't&' yourself'a abshort, 'atout; awarthy mean, ,clad inl the:most' reaplendent': uiifdrm;""rofusely decorated "with various orders. His long black hair,::well' ahoited' and'perfumed, wos'parted over a low fotehead, and hunagin ringlets across the broadest and whitest of shirtecollars, openi at the throat,'and i?orn a? lai Byron.: " Hlis 'eyebrows and' moustache?i were trimmied to perfection and his boots, so` small band' o highily polih'ed', were at once objectof ey d'and dmiration:i' Mild and unassuming 'in private lifer' his nltty' person vas'ns well knoawn' in 'the.atreets of Iambethias is that '6f:f'John Bright in' th0"' House of Commons.' He errd' the'various maongements: at his 'house' for a period "of foor and-thirty year, and 'did d in 1854i' at" thh the age of sixty-seven!? . . " John G. Cartlitch ' the ."original jla' zeppi,.' was born in 'anchester in 1793. Allured by the attractions of the sock ahd' buskin, he took to 'the stage in early life, and afterwards became known as the prin cipal tragedian in Richardson's show at the various fairs throughout the country.: From there, he was engaged for. Astley's. He was, as.stated, the original Mazeppa, and played the part more than fifteen hundred times, He ..then went to America?;. and after many viciesitudes both as manager and. actor,. he settled down in Philadelphia as the keeper of a cdb in Fourth street; .there he died as lately as December, 1875, aged eighty-two. Cartlitch was not by any means a :bad actor,i neither was he a very good4 one.: Touching the "hbusieess of hispart he was 'perfect; but his acting was deficient in light and shade; the glare and noise of the strolling booth seemed .to:be . always clinging to him; yet with his stentorian voice and emphatic gestures he held us in thrall.' Now Palmer, though equally louad-toned -it was a fashion in those days-had greater variety, an easier movement, and could on occasion be pathetic without being maudlin ;. a fair average actor, of whom we shall see more anon. Mrs. Pope, an estim able5 woman, who afterwards' became the wife of Mr. Sheppard, 'late lessee of the Surrey Theatre, was our leading lady, and played Olinsaka. A more unsuitable part for this excellent actress could not well have been found. Instead of the lithe, youthful figure of the Polish maiden, we had the statuesque and matronly graces of a Her mione.' Well grounded. in her art, tall and majestic in person, slow and measured in speechl? she belonged to the stately school of the Kembles, and at this date was altogether unfitted for the performance of juveniles. But if my reader will in imagination follow me to the Far East, to the old Gar rick Theatre-long since burnt down-I will attempt a portrait of her at her best, at the same time affording. a glimpse of some of her coadjutors. The drama is Rob: Roy, with Charles Freer in the title role. As this gentleman has been dead nearly five asd.tweaty years, the present generation of playgoers can know nothing of him except tog, breport. He was acelebrity in:this \- . part of the town for a long :period. Indus trious, and endowed with fine talents, he soon became an .acknowledged favorite; nor was his popularity-?ndeserved. Strong ly built, and about the middle height;' gifted with a resonant voice- which be-s came somewhat coarse in his latter years, from constant exortion-he was capable of Riving full expression to every emotion. ! you did notobtain from him that degree of intellectual insight into individual schar acter as exhibited by a Macready or a 'Vandenhoff, you at least discovered a ready appreciation of the text, coupled' with a singular. power of illustration. His per formance of the Highland Outlaw was good and satisfying: Poor Charles Freer out lived his taloents andhis fame; and increase of years,.and: consequent loss of power, reduced hini to the lowest' ebb. On the evening[ , the 23rd of December 1857, he wandered acros'WYoetminister Bridge, and ;entered-a small coffeeohouse situated in a narrow turning at the foot thereof.. Having partaken of a skanty ineal,° he was shown to hi?aroom, and was !ever more seen alive; During, the. nightl- while ii a fit of tem porary insanity, he committed suicide.' But thu evening I speak of .was long before this melancholy penod. :.:, 