E,,i hOES OF MRELOUBNR.>"'~ "?Tli?.~di?,'? ar? i~rebiof~ihs? ,.h idek "isii:v! beexiin1 :ei ctersed byt 'n e,,bja un .usuadldegreeofL quiet.-In-the Assenl1 fair progi~'?li~ias"{ei e ~e madei'r several measures having, passed, their third read ing and .othirs 'beenieivancedt~ stage in their onward journey towards the Statute IBook:, Itis hbow s parehnilow]ver, t?thiat otwo important bills;,vi.?; the~iocaleOptibn .Bill:and th":Factdries'Bi; 1\ill:huive to',bb postponed until next session. I~irgard to ithe~first ofi tlieso :it? isibne,:whidoli' no Governmient will '~fackl Withois; i 'certain anmqodnt of pressu, , and ithe'iresulti 6f' the tvuio most recent:contest for 'Parlbauieiitiry honours- that of Dr..-Be'ineysifor the Central Proviiice, and tlie success 6f;'r. Gauns?nati:Soith, Melbourne -hta to no .nconsidtoablleveftent daniped tlies "irdour of the teetotal portion of the eoomijunity. It is therefore quite within.thd riinge of pIossible aiitualitiesithat .wheir iext the Houses meet the Licensing.iAct'Amend ment Bill may be deemed r tob? impdrtant to beadealrwith atth'd fag.ednd: bfi Parlia ment,'!'and,rmitt`ed ,to thse:,cnsideration of a how Assembly. The electibn'f6o South Mlbonune'has taught: the publicani~ that "when united they are:indeed.?'a ?power in thi~land," and honouirable:m iembers:have fduly laid the lessofr inculcated:by Mr. u~inro's defeat to heart. A~jifor the FaC tor~e Bill?B?Mr. Deakin lihardiscdvered that the radical changes between dmployer and employed he is desirous, of efeoting will provbke:lbnrig.and serious discussion, and althotghli the O:Chief! ' Secretary i hass- an nounced that the-Govirnment is desirous of proceeding. withlthe bill; iti vill certainly not -e-taken beyond its second i reading. This bill'iffoids sgtriking illustitiotn of the difficulties 'experienced by the oft quod old manand his ass.;This mythioal pserponage alsob.. ndeavo6ured tb plejs'eill 'D (1aih hi dbone Nei the Shops'Coae mtirsidn.it lwas: frea?ed to placat?, the employee, to whom 'the bill panders,,:nor ,tlie manufacturerscaoblled in to existenoe by sdijAodtectioiist teartiffand wlho ace now to be snuffed out by a protectionist Ministry, are pleased with the measure. LAnd so the jlsqeating .tailor· will still contihue to prspi?r?,the.barmald have to stniliid oh her 'poor fe"ddb"6r:siiteen hours at a stretch .ye~a~iji ttle nger, anid printers devils' of tender years continue to ?ver the souls of editoraduring ."the wee si~? lioddrs,'" at all d?e?its~s'itil'lie'i ext b8isidn bof Parlia men t. . :... _ Ther:has ibeen ii, the Assembily one .ofi those disreputable -episodes in its history knbw~n' ats:~ I~scene!": · WhilMri~. Sevc •'.r ;igtairs l:arinti a'little refresliment," ( sMdssLBdnt, Gitmnsobn:aid M''L'llan'O- i gage'd? in aRbrt bf trialbgdla5 itiid-slingiii'g combat. One "honourabeo" gentlempni ofbf !tiiistdisting'uiblheft'rtio: wars: Accusd off having "lain outhe dbdomt'.to koet intoi the Assembly ;": another': was ' bluntlyi termed a "blackguard"': ad a "sliiunk."j Hints were thrown out· that certaingenptle-i meni had?'[convict: blood in their veins," and threats of-:.'wringing noses" werel freely indulged in.. - But nothing dreadful: 2resultped,- All the offenders." retraoted," and laalftahour afterwards the hero: of: the dooer mt, the skuihklr, and 'tho gentle man who was, supposed to, have relatives rho F; left their country for their country's: good," were hobnobbing fraternally at Host Gregory's bar ! - The death of Sir William Mitchell; who for the last fourteen years has occupied the presidential chair, in the Legislative Council, intrferfered materially with the :sittings of that aueust body.. On Tuesday the Upper House adjourned out,of :respect to the honourable gentleman's memory, and on Wednesday did. not meet in order to allow the members of the Chamber over vhiclh-S Wlrilliam had so long ruled the •opi~brtunht' bf beingpresent'at his funeral. On"'reaossembling on Thursday thie first buuiness was the electiob' of a President:. fi: L'Bain, was iinaoimously electe;Fo tle ipositidi, a caucus of members hisvin'g penviously settled the matter. Thd post inolves a sFilary of £,1000 per annum;' dnl a hlighth'od in prospective. Meeting bli Friday, the Couneil passed thei LandfBill1 andmzad good progressirvith the'Raihvisy BU. The bootnaokers of Melbourne. are on strike, and?iasthe masters have determined td"t'eiist the demands of'the men,and have r'taliated by it ' lock out," the operatives are ion a fair' way of testing the truth or otherwise :of 'the adage that avers :' there is nothing,like leather." 'The event would hiardly be worth chronicling, uninteresting as it must be to every one not connected with " the trade," did it not afford a peg 'n which to hang the moralising, reflection that'it is stiriinge a body of men :accus t6ioed to deal- continuially with the " un. derstandings "' of otliers should"display slich a wantlof ';understanding" them selve's. The; quarrel betiveen employers and; employed' may or 'miay. not be in very ipretty one;as'it stands;' bht it is coertainly n?t 'one calcillated very deeply to: stir the feelings of .the great bulk of colonial humanity. ' The world will probably con tinie- to revolve on its: axis, though the price of "uppers", should be reduced by two- pen'e' halfpenniy 'thee pair, and,, men continue to 'poseiis'etheir souls"iln peace, though the strikers refuse to minMifacture soles on:piecdwork. The fact is that some few secretaries of trade 'societies, averse perhaps to drawing their pay without doing aisything for it, have starteodthel agitation to, give themselves a raison d' :etr. ?Tli?'so gentry entirely 'disregard-if; they' hAvi ever heard-the, advice containiedin:thb old saw-No suter ultra crepidanf. .' : When the small-pox.takes its final adieti of Victoria it will assuredly: not be owing to any exertions on tihe part ofthe Central Board of Health to speed the. departuie of the unwelcome guest. It is. a notorious fact that dozens of persons who have been in contact with patients smfmering from the dread 'disdas' are 'mixing',hithoutf let or 'hindrancei' io6g"'the' popuilation. Some few people in the vicinity of ,the .infected housest?i' e ftrcibly viceiiihtd;. but the !iajb?itf', leivd the ineighliburliood 'before the authoritieittake any siteps t' to ta, the spreadoftthe ihfection, and' dispdise east, west,} north, and sdoith. And for a'ught Mr. Atkehurst, thepresident f the: Board, 'and his, colleagues may "know' to the contraiif,'there may be dozens of pedople in thuiodtid~r tify districts who have 'suffered and are suffering from the fell 'complaint ; for there are scores'"of nirdical nien prce. tising in the colony who have never seen a case of variola, and who' might not thereftoro' recogiiisethe symptoms of the 'disease unless it assumed a' very virulent forii!>"It:will certainly redound. more to our good luck than to our good manage mont.if, tsall-pox is."stamped out." In regard to the?anatorium for variola patients at Williamstown some curious revelations have.been made. A telephonico miessage to the attendants in charge to ,.se6 thi,threo fenmale patients bathed and disinfedted" before thoir release " was taken ae pied 'de lah.lttire,. and, the, un fortunate females were compelled to,'strip i~d performtheir ablutions in.the presence of the male .nd ses iclicharge of "the build ing. Thli'ladies objected; as a m?attt ofti course, to the somcwlohat iiidelicate .prol oeeding, but had perforce 'in. th .end toy throw :,decency to .the, winds. an4 appeair .. the setate of Evq before, the 'Fall. Now, 'the stpdy of the nido,~eL iunay be qiuito right and' proper from }?l .arist lssti-ior ctic point of view, but when it assumes the form of forcing :un fortunate women to submit to the ordial .to which the' cut-paw- pw: patients werei subjected, it is,time to draw the. lirie. Could not the overlooking of the bath have been managed.in.the "easy, quiet, and& accessible manner.?, brought into:play. by those prying elders we-read of isnsacred history,.who watched.Susannah, alllun- known. to horself, ;performing ler. "lti letto " i) purs naturalbus ? Mr. Berry, who; in virtue of;:his position as Chief ,Secretary, is"the custodian !of Victoriana morality, shouldireally interest himself in! the matter. ' .., u,,. .' : The search for the sunken rock upon V.]ich the ..Chilclers, under-command of .Liu.tenant Heloy- Hutcbinson,. when on a: voyage to Geelong, injured, her-propellor, has not resulted' in the discoverynofbany. obstacle to freei navigation. And[ what renders-the occurrence all the more mys terious is thefact that at the -spot where the bdishap'?dccirrd.thidrd'is a !dopthpot watev"even t low tide suflicitoit,'t ensure the Ifeo. assage of the !vessel., ,Various thorfi iaro therofore now being 'adg.lied to_.account.-for._ the accident.-. 'Flating wrecaitgea-passing porpoiser or a sonino lent, whaleoý-are arll in ýttuin': creditil withthaving brought the 'gunboat to grief. Probably .thereal cause of the disaster will i always remain a mystery. ;There; is .a;ni accident.to the ankle of 'human beings! knowi 'to surgeons-as" Potts's fracture,' doubtless' owing to a son'ofEso~lapiuis rejoicinlg in the aforesaid! cogkioimie,'hav-i ing been in some way connected with its: treatiment oir'diagnosis. Now,'as -Mr. John Wood,LM.L.A., was'i.on board, when the! propeller.was broken, and gave .'evidence; before the Board appointed.to enqujiire into the matter,;might not the unaccountable! frAit'iie in the screw of the Childers bea known'ai Woodss break ? ., , P , . Dull times are reing experienced at th theaties.', At the Opera House; "li tlie, Ranks i,, is still "kept on" by the, management; At the Princess, no change from" "Estrella"-is.annoinced, and at- the Roypalfthelrevivd " Professor "'seeimB to remind us'dofhejloss of poor iFied;.Mar' shall,'- withlwhhom the title rol'-is indelibly associate'd.d, At the Bijou!, Miss De Grey's Comedy Company is essaying - Shakspeare, 'As you Likolit" being 'selected -as, the piece:for representation. : . i: .. -Nov .29 ' ", . . -." _ - . _ -. ..* , - I'a i -' , une 