BILLY ICKLWAN.-HOW HE MANAGED TEE FIRE-.EATER. ONC day Billy Kirwan, a well- known Dublin bill-broker of groat wealth and equal shrewd ness, was offered, as he sat on his accustomed window-sill in the court-yard of the Com mercial Buildings, a bundle of bills for dis count by a merchant who had taken them in the way of business. It was Mr. Kirwan's boast that he instinctively know bad " paper " by the feel of it. " There's bad paper in your lot, I can percievo, sir, without taking the trouble to look over it seriah-tim at the lite-ralh- tim," remarked Billy, who had been originally intended by his pious Galway parents for the church, and had in his boyhood a decent converse with the preliminaries of the classics. "Fae num habet in corum," he continued, " as a body might say to a spavined horse. You had bettor remove it, if you please, sir, be fore I have anything to say to you, for I wouldn't touch it with a pair of kitchen tongs, much less dirty my hands with it." "I am surprised to hear you say so, sir," said the merchant, " and would be pleased to mention what is in my hand that en counters your objection ? " " Why, a certain acceptance signed 1. D'Esterro" (the colo brated fire-eater and champion of the Dublin corporation, afterwards shot by O'Connell), " and if you must know my opinion, I would not advance the value of a brass button on all that a jackass could draw on the same security." " Good heavens I and why not 9" " For a rayson I have, and nobody knows better than Mr. D'Esterro himself," answered Kirwan. As Mr. Kirwan was sitting alone the same evening enjoying his pipe and his glass of punch over one of Mr. Gee's leading articles, or, just as probable, one of Dan O'Connell's earlier speehes in favour of Catholic emancipation, the servant came in with a card from Colonel Henry. The colonel very much regretted that it fell to his lot to deliver a hostile message to a gentleman of such respectability as Mr. Kirwan from one equally respectable and estimable as Mr. D'Esterre. He repeated the injurious and insulting expressions which the gentleman whom he had the honour of addressing had made use of in speaking of his friend during the day to a certain mer chant in the Commercial Buildings, and which had travelled the rounds of the city before nightfall. Ho pointed out, moreover, the utter impossibility of Mr. D'Esterro allowing such an outrage on his name and character to be uttered and to be sent to the world without demanding the satisfaction of a gentleman. " Then colonel, honey, come to the point and tell me what is it you want," demanded Kirwan. "An apology or the alternative." " Which means that I must oat my words or light 2" " Most de cidedly." " It can't be done for the money." " What money ?" said the colonel. "Why, my money to bhe sure ; the money that your respectable friend, Mr. D'Esterro, owes me this last couple of years- nothing more or less than a cool hundred, and independent of boths interest and expenses. I lent it to him first, not as a matter of business, but on his pledged word of honour that he'd return it to me at the time promised; an' upon me honour and sowl he hasn't done so from that day to this." The colonel doubted what he had to do with the money question. " Everything," said Kirwan, "in the regard of you not having the ghost of an argument on your side when you ask me to apologise or light." The colonel still could not see it ; but his opponent very soon made him, in this wise. He'd be a liar and a coward to apologise, or in any way to retract what he had said and still felt of D'Esterre, so long as D'Esterre chose to act dishonorably towards him; and to go out and fight him would be to act like the biggest fool in existence. " Tare an' ages I colonel," said Billy, "do you want me to fire against my own money ? On the other hand, if D'Esterre hits me he'll send me to the devil after all; and you know the Scripture says 'out of hell there's no re demption.' " "Very true, indeed, and by no means an unreasonable way of putting it," observed Colonel Henry ; but he added. " will you, if I satisfy you on the money question "- " if you pay me-that's the chaff !" roared Billy. "Pay you I certainly; that's what I mean; but will you then light ? " " Like a Trojan, colonel," cried Kirwau ; " anything to oblige you, anything for peace and quietness." "I shallsee you to-morrow morning again, Mr. Kirwan," said the oblonel, rising and formally bowing to his host, who vainly endeavoured to make him take another jorum, " just to show that there was no animosity between them." "You'll have your friend ready in the morning when I call ? " asked Henry, as he turned for the last time. " That's my intintion," responded Kirwan, "sand all my worldly affairs settled." Colonel Henoury did not see the face of inimitable drollery that Mr. Kirwan assumed as he uttered the last observation, for his back was turned, and he was half-way down the hall-door steps, hailing a passing carman. Next morning the gallant bearer of the cartel was at the house of the challenged party, who received him most graoiously. " But, your friend, Mr. Kitrwan ? I don't see the gentleman to whom I expected to be pro s?oented," oexclaimed tho colonel, looking not a little surprised. "Lave that to mo," Kirwan remarkled very coolly. "Business before pleasure, if you plase; have you brought my money ? Let's settle that before we proceed to the sentimental part of the matter." "Certainly," replied the colonel; "here's a hundred-pound Bank of Ireland note at your service, which discharges my friend's obligation." " And hero's a receipt for that same, with an apology for your friend, which he and you would be the most unraysonablo men alive not to accept and be thankful.". "What, then l you don't intend to fight, after all ? " exclaimed tile colonel, on hearing what appeared to him a most extraordinary declaration, and per ceiving the perfectly ridiculous result which his grave embassy lhad been brought to. "You won't fight," he repeated. " The divil a bit, colonel, honey, and that's as sure as my name is Billy Kirwau. I unsay all I have said of your friend, and apologise to him and you in thle haundsdmest manner." " I can't just at this moment seo,' rumi nated the bafllIed oenvoy, " ihow my principal a is to come out of this affair creditably in this fashion 2 "" He comes out of it with flying colours; for his brother-citizens will think more of him when they hear Iea has paid his debts than if he had shot Billy Kirwan.". 