ITEMS OF NEWS. 0>* Tuesday evening heavy rain set in, and continued for mauy hours. It subsequently descended about 2 a.m., on Wednesday in torrents, and our guage yesterday morniug at 9 o'clock registered 75 points. During the day further showers fell, and at 6 p.m. and inch of rain was recorded. The weather glass is still very low, and judging from the frequency of showers and the threatening aspect of the sky, there is every prospect of a great deal more rain yet, which will be welcomed by everybody. We have pleasure in stating that after the mid-winter vacation a grammar school will be opened in Wagga Wagga by Mr. J. J. Ryan, from Woodford, near Warmnmbool. We are not in a position to make auy de tailed statement just now, but in the course of a few days an advertisement will appear in the columns of the Advertiser, • On Wednesday night, the 4th instant, or early on the following morning, a daring robbery was perpetrated at Mr. W. Tatham's private residence, when a box was broken into and about £12 or £15 in silver taken away. It appears that on that evening Mr. Tatham was engaged at a ball, Mrs. Tatham being abscnt-iu Victoria. There were other persons sleeping in the house at the time, but no noise or disturb ance was heard by them, these people being located at the further end of the house, Mr. Tatham's bedroom, from which the silver was stolen, being at the entrance end of the house. It is somewhat fortunate that £40 worth of notes escaped the attention of the thief, these being wrapped in a shirt, which had been disturbed, but not suffi ciently to reveal the value of the little parcel enwrapped in it. The matter is in the hands of the police, who, we hope, maybe success ful in detecting the thief or thieves in this matter, as Mr. Tatham has only just re sumed charge of his business, and must doubtless feel the loss of so much money for a person in his position. Tiik following circular has been issued by the Rev. P. Dunne, V.G., with reference to tile opening, blessing, and dedication of the new Church at Juueo on Sunday, 22nd inst.: —" Wagga Wagga, June 10, 1884. Dear Sir,—I am happy to anuounee that the new Catholic Church at Juuee Juuction will be opened, blessed, and dedicated uuder the patronage of St, Joseph by his Lordship the Right Rev. Dr. Lanignn on Sunday, the 22nd iustant. High Mass will commence at 11 o'clock, and the Rev. M. Phelan, of St. Patrick's College, Goulburn, will preach the dedication sermon. The choir of St. Michael's I Church, Wagga Wagga, assisted by some of I the vocal taleut of Junee. will trive their I services on the occasion. Tho committee re-1 quest me to say that they will deem it a | great favour if you can make it convenient to be present at the ceremony. I may add j that the number of Catholics at Junee is very limited. They have undertaken the responsibility of building a very substantial and respectable church, and they will feel most grateful for auy assistance their friends will give them to help to pay off the debt.— ' I have the honour to remain yours faithfully, P. Dpnne, V.G., Chairman." i Since the passing in the Legislative Assembly of the vote of £55,000 as a special municipal endowment, a large number of applications from municipalities for a sliaro of the amount iu the proportion of 10s. per £1 of the total amount of rates collected for the year have been received at the Treasury, and the total sum actually paid or passed for payment up to yesterday afternoon (says Tuesday's Herald) reached £43,988, lis. 2d. Among the municipalities that have shared in this special endowment is that of Wagga Wagga, the sum of £1024 5s. and an odd twopence having been placed to the credit of this municipality. Other municipalities have received grants in accordance*with their re* quirements, and the balance of the £55,000 is represented by applications not yet sent in, and by others which liave been returned i to the senders for correction. Courts of Inquiry under the provisions of the " Lands Acts Amendment Act of 1875," will be held for the South-western Division, at the undermentioned places, on the dates specified :—Court-house, Tumufe, Tuesday, 10th June; court-house, Wagga Wagga, from Friday, 13th June, to Tuesday, 24th June;! court-house, Narrandcra, Thursday, 26th June, to Friday, 27th June; court- house, Urana, Monday, 30th June; court-house, Corowa, from Friday, 4th July, to Tuesday, 8th July; court-house, Albury, Thursday, 10th July, and Friday, 11th July; court house, Gerinanton, Saturday, 12th July. Tiie case of the condemned Frenchman Cordini was further considgrcd by the Exe cutive Council on Tuesday morning, when it was decided that the law should take its course. The execution will tako place to morrow (Friday). A spring-cart belonging to Mr. Warren, which was ladca with sheepskins, bolted up Fitzmaurice-street on Tuesday morning, causing some commotion. Happily the runaway was stopped near the Australian Hotel, no harm having been done. The following aro the nominations for the cvent3 to be competed for at the Wagga Wagga Coursing Club's meeting 011 Wednes day nextSixteen Puppy Stake: C. A. Macdonald 1, S. Hawkins 1, E. Spring 2, L. Gormly 1, J. T. Williamson 1, 1'. Hayes 1, James Robertson 1, R. Cox 1, T. H, Cummins 1, S. Minchin 2, J. Mitchelmoro 1, P. L. Cummins 1, John King 1, 0. Cox 1. All-aged Eight-dog Stake: S. Hawkins 2, C. A. Macdonald 1, L. Gormly 1, P. J. M'Alistcr 1, Jas. Kobertson 1, R, Cox 1, J. Mitchclmore 1. Hotelkeepkes and others are reminded of the annual renowal of licenses to-day at the Police Court. Wo are pleased to hear that as yet thero have been 110 objections lodged. . Is another column wo give a report of tlio evidence taken at an inquiry before Mi-. Fosbery, district coroner, which was hold on Tuesday at Wentworth, near Junee. Tho inquest took place with a view to ascertain ing tho causo of a fire in the district, which destroyed a selector's house, tho premises being insured. Yestorday a man named John Lyons was charged at the police court with uttering and forging two hank notes—one for £5, and tho other for £1. He was committed for trial at the ensuing sessions in July. It is not a littlo surprising that Mrs. Jones of the Home Hotol should have been victimised by so rough an imitation of bank notes, but it only proves tho necessity for caution in receiving paper money during the busiest hours of business. The Illustrated Australian News is to hand, and is one of the best numbers pub lished for some time. More than the average quality and quantity of reading matter is given, as also of illustrations, and a cheap Bixpenny worth is enriched by a supplement containing a sketch of the flourishing town of Ballurat, which is well worth framing, TJfc iVcuvt coiit 'iu.i many interesting sketches of scenery and towns in New Zealand and New Guinea, while a special half page is devoted to one of the most famous grey hounds in Australia—Monsoon, winner of the New South Wales Waterloo Cup. On the title page a capital illustration is given of a pilot boarding the mail boat from the pilot schooner. We hear that there has been some mor tality among the hares at the racecourse paddock, but the number lost from some un explained cause can bo promptly replaced by others before the day of meeting. A fatal accident occurred on Monday, ac Sale, to a man named Tim O'Connor, who was working on Mr. Clark's selection at i Currajong. A tree fell upon him, killing I him at ouce. He was well-kuown in the j district, having been a resident of Rosedale I and its vicinity for mauy years. A keeling of sincere sorrow was occa sioned at Hay, on Monday, on receipt of a telegram conveying the intelligence that Mr. John Tyson had died in London of typhoid fever. The deceased gentleman is ouly about 28 years of age, and left for the con tinent some six months ago, in company ! with some members of his family, on a pleasure trip. He is one of the firm of P. and J. Tyson, of Corrong, Tarwong, and ! Walgers stations, and his loss will be deeply ! felt and generally regretted. It is asserted by an American con* temporary that cancer and skin diseases are increasing with alarming rapidity. In New York City, especially, the number of persons afflicted is large, and it is estimated that fully 15,000 new cases of skin diseases appear there annually. In 186D there were 301 deaths from cancer in New York, being little over one per 100 of deaths from all causes ; In 1879 there were 572 deaths, or a little over two per 100 of all deaths—that is, in 10 years the proportion of deaths from cancer had nearly doubled, one death out of every 50 being from this dreadful disease. In 1SS0 there were 659 deaths from cancer, 2.06 per cent, of all deaths. In this latter year cancer actually caused more deaths than scailet fever this being a very light year, with 618 death from the latter diseases. In 1882 the city's mortality tables showed 731 deaths from caucer, or more than two daily. During these 14 years GS43 persous died of cancer in New York City. Monday's Echo remarks The prisoner Flanagan, sentenced to five years' imprison ment for assault and robbery, must have a dash of humour in his composition, although it did not serve him so good a turn as did the wit of a crimiual 011 another occasion before an English Judge. The latter ad dressing the prisoner said, " I sec villain written on your face." " Thac," said the prisoner, "is a strong reflection from your lordship." Judge Wilkinson told Flanagan that he had barely escaped being Hogged, Having added a few more words lie passed a .seutenceof five years' imprisonment.' Said Flanagan, " We never did get justice." His Honor did not add the whipping, and the gay spirit of the prisoner was left to content itself with five years at Berrima. But the point of most interest to the public is that at which Flauagan and his companion escaped the flogging. Prosecutor swore directly to the fact that he was throttled, but other •witnesses testified that the robbery was not one which seemed to require such violence. One witness said prosecutor was looking about for someone to rob him, by which I10 meant that prosecutor was " boozy, and was going about with two watches dangling out of his pocket." The inference is that if a mau is not sufficiently self-possessed to struggle with a garroter, if without nearly killing his victim the thief can carry off the contents of a man's pockets, that will make the difference between garroting and assault; and lead up to the difference between get ting only five years in gaol, and that with the cat-o'-nine-tails added. We confess to a wish that the difference between the two classes of offences had not led to a distinc tion between the penalties by which Flana : gan has not •' got justice," Mr. Gladstone's phrase about the "re sources of civilization " (observes the Pall Mail Gazette) appears to have wrankled i deeply in the Fenian Brotherhood, and in the I manifesto which is published this morning I on the authority of the Press Association I they attempt a retort. "To the Fenian Brotherhood is due the honour of inaugur ; ating scientific warfare, and to- day we have convincing proof of the efficacy of science , when handled by intelligent, brave, and de | tcrmincd men." Fortunately there is room I to hope that the "resources of civilization " ! will be equal to the task of meeting the re j sources of "scientific warfare and on the wholo the most remarkable thing about the performances of the dynamiters is that they have not done more harm. Lord Chief Justice Coleridge, in over* ruling the magistrates of Hastings, and setting aside their conviction of certain members of the Salvation Army, laid down the law 80 clearly that (observes the Leeds j Mercury) no local magistrates can have any excuse for repetition of the petty persecution, or, if they prefer it to bo so called, the fussy assertion of authority, in which some of them have thought fit to indulge. The magistrates of Hastings had availed them* selves of a local law as to "disturbances of the peace" in order to put down the usual j processions of the Salvation Army, and had I fined, though only nominally, some of the 1 leaders. Lord Coleridge refused to allow that the processions had been a "disturbance of the peace" in the'sense contemplated by the law. Ho said John Wesley might as well have been held to have "created a I disturbance" when, on his going to preach i at Oxford, the undergraduates mobbed him ! and*pelted him with mud. The magistrates, I in fact, had attempted to strain the law so : as to make it operate against singing hymns and shouting "Hallelujah." These were not "bawling" aud creating a disturbance under the meaning of the law. One count against the " Army" had been that one man had played a cornet " out of tune and very discordantly." Lord Coleridge said neither was this an offence against the peace; adding, however, what will be cchoed far j and wide " he sometimes wished it was." The official statistics show that 1275 miles of railway were built in Canada last year, making a total of 8805 miles under traffic, and when the lines at present under construc tion are completed, which will be withiu two years, the railway system of Canada will comprise over 11,400 miles. Many stories have been told in reference to Prince Leopold's desire for an Australian Governorship. The following, according to the London Iforld, arc the facts:—When his Royal Highness heard of Lord No.r manby's resignation of Victoria ho applied to Mr. Gladstone for nomination to the successorsliip. The Premier did not with hold his consent, but stipulated that Mr. Murray Smith, the Victorian Agent-General in London, should be asked to state his views as to the manner in which the ap pointment, if made, would bo rccoived in his colony. Mr. Murray Smith replied, ex pressing his conviction that the appoint ment of his Royal Highness would produce the liveliest satisfaction throughout the whole of Australia. The question was then referred to her Majesty, who reluctantly, but firmly, vetoed the projected appoint ment, because of the chronic weakness of the Prince's health. Tho Court Circular, however, adds that " her Majesty expressed horself as not averse to an arrangement whoreby the present Governor of Now South Wales, Lord Augustus Loftus, should be transferred to Victoria, and the Prince take his place as the head of Government House, Sydney. This was, of course, frustrated by the Duke of Albany's sudden death, or otherwiso his Royal Highness would have gone out as Governor of the ' Mother Colony' of Australasia, as its inhabitants call Now South Wales, and wliero ho would doubtless have done much by his talents and his presence to cement tho Imperial connec tion between England and her colonies." Amono Tennyson's miscellaneous poems, writes a correspondent of tho Pall Mall Gazette, you will find one entitled "Dora," aud if you will then take tho second series of Miss Mitford's stories " Our Village," and examine a tale there called "Dora Cresswell," and compare it with the poem, you will find them almost idontical. Dora is tho heroine in eaoh. Walter and Mary aro two more personages in the poom—William and Mary In tho talo, Tho plot, witli the excoption of tho termination, which is somowhat altered in tho poem, is cxaotly tho same in each. Altogether, tho singular coincidence may bo worn noting, In* the Banco Court, before Sir George Inues, the case of Foraythe and another v. Wright was heard. The plaintiffs, Forsythe and Co,, ropo manufacturers at Waterloo, sued the defendant, F, A. Wright, Minister of Works, for £2000 for damages alleged to have been caused to their business by reason of Bourke- street, which was the only means of access to their manufactory, being ren dered impassible for vehicular trallie, in consequence of works required for the new system of sewerage. The jury returned a verdict for the plaintiffs for £142 12s. 6d. Tiib final decision of the Executive in re ference to the cxccutiou of the condemned Frenchman, Cordini, w as received at Denili cjuin with general satisfaction, Public feel ing in the locality is very strong regarding hia guilt. The condemned criminal has latterly been very quiet, and appears to re gard his horrible position witli marked in difference. When informed on Tuesday by the gaoler of the final decision of the Execu tive, he merely remarked, "Very well, I never killed anyone." He did not seem in any way affected by the intelligence that the deatii scnteuce was to be carried out. A correspondent suggests that the prac tice of loading safety-valves on the Victorian railway lines is due to the system in vogue of allowing drivers a percentage upon all coal they can save over a certain standard allowance. No one who travels upon the railways of tho southern colony can fail to notice the crawling pace at which the trains ascend hills, and the fearful speed at which they rush down inclines. The system of coal allowance obviously leads the driver to economise his fitfel and trust to an extra screw on the safety-valve to take him over a pinch. The Warwick correspondent of the Bris bane Courier relates that a shocking accident occurred at Emu Vale on Mouday, Jane 2, the victim being a youth named Brown, 19 years of age, son of a settler in the neigh bourhood. Young Brown declined to avail himself of his father's permission to join in celebrating the opening of the railway, pre ferring to go on with the work of clearing in which they had been engaged during the previous week. The father went down to the station for an hour or two, and on his return was horrified to find his son lying lifeless under the limb of a tree which had fallen in the meantime. Death would ap pear to have been instantaneous. ^ Is* an article headed 11 Impudence," the Spectator of April 19 thus alludes to a mem ber of the House of Commons " Perhaps the happiest piece of impudence known to the English public is tho picture of Bailey Junior, in 1 Martin Chuzzlewit,' but that is an ideal. Tho living specimen of it which will strike Englishmen most just now is tho figure of Lord Randolph Churchill. Impu dence is sometimes nothing more than a premature evidence of self-confidonce and power. Mr. Disraeli depicted unlimited impudence in 'Vivian Grey,' without depict ing auy real power, whether premature or otherwise. But the power was in himself, whether it was in Vivian Grey or not j and the political effrontery of his own early carecr was perhaps vindicated (intellectually) by the singular achievements of'his later life. In cases like this impudence is pro bably an equivalent for force, though for force deficient in that self- distrust and conscious ness of inadequacy to the problems of life whicb any liigh degree of intellectual vision brings with it. But that is hardly true im pudence, in the sense which we attach to Bailey Junior's impudeuce when he asks after ' our fair friend Sairah,'and remarks, * with genteel indifference,' that * there's the remains of a fine woman about Sairah,' but * too much crumb, yon know, too fat, Poll or in the sense which we attach to Lord Randolph Churchill's impudence when he compliments the Birmingham democracy in almost precisely the same spirit—as having the remains of attractiveness iu it, though of an attractiveness now going to wreck in the Radicalism of Mr. Bright and Mr. Chamberlain. Mrs. Gamp, when she is told by Bailey Junior that she is 'all' a-blowin' and a-giwin,' is not — as our readers will remember—displeased. She says: —* Drat the bragian boldness of that boy: What an imporent young spavrow'it is !' , and hev evident satisfaction is regarded by Mr, Bailey as a flattering indication of her hopeless attachment to himself. • Apparently Birmingham feels much the same towards Lord Randolph. She is not offeuded at his bold compliments — rather the contrary. * There* nothiu' be dont know, in my opinion,' says Mrs. Gamp of Bailey Junior; 4 all the wickedness of the world is print to liim'; and she looks upon his knowingncss with a sort of fascination. Does not Bir mingham feel the same ? The young upstart tells her, it is true, that free trade is a delusion, that- the chief work of Mr. Bright in life has been a failure, and that he intends to reform popular politics altogether; but Birmingham is half-fascinated by tho spec tacle of such self-confidence in a tory, and simpers with satisfaction at the audacity of his proposals." Articles of agreement for a race for tho sculling championship of the world and £300 a-side between Edward Hanlan and William Beach were signed last night. The race is to take jriace on August 16, on the Parra matta River, over a straightaway course of about 3 miles 330 yards. • Mr; Patrick James Clarke lias been appointed umpire. The race is to start from the bathing-house at Charity Point to a boat moored off the beacon on the Brothers Rocks, the start to be made by mutual consent. Payments are to bo made' as under First payment of £150 on signing of the agreement; secoud payment-of £150 on July 11; and the balance of £200 on August 15, Mi% Francis Smith being stake holder. ! Concerning the charge of wife murdef brought against Mr. Thomas Hugh Short land, formerly of Auckland, a cable despatch to the New York World from London, under date May 7, gives the following particulars : " A terrible tragedy is reported to-day from Devonshire. Hugh Shortland, a rich bar rister from Australia, has been spending tho past few months in that country, enjoying a vacation. He made the acquaintance of a Miss Dimes, the daughter of a wealthy country gentleman, ana proposed marriage to her. The Australian pressed his isuit with the young lady, and finally induced her to dope with him, and they wore duly married. Soon after the elopement ; the i young lady's dead body was found in a pond j on her father's estate. The head was battered I in in a way that might have been caused by j a violent suicidal plunge into the pond, or by a single heavy blow with a blunt, ; broad instrument in tho hands of another! person. About the time the body was I discovered Shortland, it was reoorted. left I Devonshire, having told several persons before the discovery that his professional engagements made it necessary for him to return at onee to Australia. It was generally supposed that Mrs. Shortland had become merbid by brooding over her estrangement from her father, and the long prospective absence of her husband after so brief an experience of married life, and had com mitted suicide in a fit of despondency. This view was confirmed by a letter received from Shortland soon after the finding of the body, It was dated Brindisi, Italy, where European voyagers take the Oriontal Navigation Com pany's steamers for Levant, the Suez Canal, anil Australia. The letter was full of loving messages to Mrs, Shortland, and stated that the writer had hod a successful voyage thus far, and was about to embark from Brindisi for Australia. This letter completely lulled all suspicions which might be entertained, and the coroner's jury found' a' verdict of Mrs. Shortland's coming to death by suicide. To-day, however,' Shortland was recognised at Plymouth, and as it was evident he could not possibly have returned from Australia if he had sailed at tho time he had stated in his. Brindisi letter, an investigation was begun. It was soon ascertained that ho had never left England at all since his marriage, and had written tho Brindisi letter at Plymouth, and sent it under cover to a friend at Brindisi, having it remailed there in order to covor his tracks. Shortland was promptly arrested, and taken back to Devonshire for trial. [A recant cable message informed us tlmt on. being brought bofore the Bench tho charge against Shortland was withdrawn, and ho was discharged from custody.] The Singapore correspondent of tho Bris bane Courier, writing on May 8, states " The Oriental Banking Corporation, as your readers are awaro, suspended pay ment on 3rd May. This bank has l)ranche3 in Singapore, Hong ICong, Shanghai, and throughout India. It had always a great namo hero and in India. Tho old bank, as the natives termed the Oriental Bank, had the honour of recoiving a largo, perhaps tho largest, portion of the Govornmcnt cash ; it was also tho favoured depository for tho army and navy mou. The Singapore Government had ovor 180,000dol. in the bank when it closed, the Straits In suranco Company about 100,000dol., and tho army account must iiave amounted to a big Bum. You can imagine the scone that occurred when the news of the closure became known.' Arabs, Hindoos, and Chinese blocked the doors, and would not bo comforted. A report that the Government, under the Crown Suits Act, intended to send a file of Sikh con stabulary to the bank and remove by force the treasure to satisfy their claim added to the general terror. At; 10 o'clock on the Monday morning, when it was announced that *0. B. C. ' notes would be taken aud honoured by other banks, the panic de creased. The Houg Kong aud Shanghai Hank, the Chartered Mercantile Bank, the Chartered bank of India and Australia were thronged with noteholders, and a serious run threatened about noon. This was promptly averted by a reinforcement of l,000,000dol., all in good ringiug silver. At 5 p.m. the panio had subsided, and confidence was restored. There was some truth in the report that the Government intended withdrawing theirtrea sure. The Attorney-Goneral made a motion in chambers to that effect, and afterwards an application for a writ was heard in open court. The good sense of other lawyers was brought to bear on the Attorney-General, and he stayed proceedings. If what he con templated had been carried out, there is no knowing what might have happened, so hard pressed were the banks by the fear-stricken native^. I am pleased to say that things arc rapidly settling down to their uormal stage, and, barring a few minor failures, nothiucr serious in the way of financial collapses has occurred. It may interest your readers to know that the note circulation of the Oriental Bank here was £360,000, which has been nearly all cashed." Kegardin*g the iiuasian loan, the success of which was recently reported by cable, the Aryus Loudon correspondent, writing on the 2nd of May, says :—Since my last letter fuller particulars have transpired re specting the new attempt of Russia to eater the European money market. The amount, as already anuouneed, is 15 millions sterl ing, which is to be applied to the construc tion of 13 railways specially indicated by the llusuiau Government. £5,000,000 are re served for subscription in St. Petersburg ; while £10,000,000 will be issued in Berlin and Amsterdam. Subscriptions wero opened in these cities on April the 2(Jth. The loan will bear interest at 5 per cent., and the price of issue is S9. There are two features in this operation which have attracted considerable attention. One is that several leading Jewish financial houses have associated themselves with the undertaking. For some i time previously, owing to the cruel treat | mcnt experienced by thousands of members ! of that race in Russia and even by the au thorities, tlie great Jewish capitalists had set their faces against any fresh advances to the Government. Their not unnatural resent ment would seemed to have passed away. The other fact is one of equal significance, namely, that the "Seehandlung Societa't" of Berlin, which is practically a department of the Prussian Ministry of Defence, has promi nently participated in the operatiou. This co-operation is understood to imply Prince Bismarck's approval, and is therefore re garded us indicative of a drawing together of the Courts of Berlin and St. Petersburg, and . has been hailed by the German press as an additional guarantee of European peace. It is deemed not improbable, moreover, that Russia'has promised some commercial con cessions in exchange for German financial ! support. Although no precise details have I yet been announced, the success of the opera ! tion is known to be fully assured. In Berlin ■ the amount required has been subscribed many times over. Indeed, it is stated that : no less than 200 millions were subscribed for in Berlin and Amsterdam alone. Question's of precedence (the London cor respondent of the Argus writes, on May 2) have to be weighed with almost as much nicety in Victoria Chambers, Westminster, as at Court. The Agent-General who has been longest "appointed is considered entitled to pre-eminence over his fellows, and Sir Arthur Blyth at present occupies the envied position with Sir Saul Samuel a good second. The Chancellor of the Exchequer, in ignorance of the importance attached to the due observ ance of the privileges of seniority, recently, in an informal manner, intimated-to the • Victorian Agent-General (who, it must be I remembered, is quite a junior amongst his colleagues) that if the Agents-General, after consultation, cared to nominate a member to represent Australia at the Technical Com mission, which will shortly assemble at Paris to consider what steps should be taken for the improvement of the Suez Canal, they could do so, and seud in the name to him. With Mr. Childers virtually rests the nomi nation of the representatives of England, and he, very considerately, offered to allow the colonial representatives to nominate one member out of a pure desire to recognise the importance of Australian trade. Mr. Murray Smith, who has not yet overcomo the inveterate colonial habit of going direct to his point, was at first surprised at the cold ness with which his proposals were received by some of his colleagues, but soon perceiviug the cause of their hesitation, he made Mr. Childers acquainted with the desire of certain of the Agents-General that they should be approached in proper official style. Mr. Childers, however, altogether failed to appreciate the importance at tached to a due observance of etiquette, and bluntly intimated that if the colonies did not care to bo represented he could fill up the nomination himself. Subse quently, however, he so far relented as to communicate with the Colonial office, and Lord Derby thereupon invited Sir Arthur Bly th, as senior agent-general, to consult with his colleagues, and send in to him the name of the gcntlcpian they desired to nominate. The meeting took place on Wed nesday last, when it was decided that either Sir F. Dillon Bell or Sir Andrew Clarke should be requested to represent Australia, the choice to be left to Mr. Childers. It is probable, however, that he will avoid having to make an invidious distinction by request ing both gentlemen to attend the conference. Supernatural phenomena of a painful character are (states the Leeds Mercury) re ported from Pekin. For some time past, ac cording to the North China Daily Ntws, sounds of weeping and lamentation have been heard at night proceeding from the temple which contains the mortal remains of tiio ancestors of the Emperor. When the wailing has ceased there follow noises such as would bo produced if the ghosts of the departed Emperors were throwing their memorial tab lets at one another.. Of courso no one ever ventures to'look through a crevice at this grim sport of Royal shades, and in the morn ing the tablets aro always found in their places, just as if nothing had happened. The lower orders in Pekin: are much perturbed, aud deem that some terrible calamity to the reigning dynasty must be impending. It I may bo so, but when we are.tola that mourn j ing and weeping are also heard frequently by night at the burying places of the sovereigns of earlier dynasties,-some hesitation as to the significance of all these mysterious pheno mena seems allowable. It would be more likely that tho ghosts'of the Stuarts should lament tho prospect of some ruinous disaster to the Houbo of Hanover than that the spirits of tho monarchs of the late native Chinese dynasty—from whom, by the way, the leader of the Tai-ping revolt claimed descent— should be depressed in view of the approach ing downfall of the present Tartar line. This reflection suggests that the nocturnal disturbances in Pckm mausoleums may either foreshadow, the collapse of tho Celestial Em pire altogether, or be the work of some rather clumsy human mi&hief-makers.; A coRBKsroNDKNT of " Notes and Queries" has been asking a question of more tlmn usual interest for the outside public—namely, Who was Mrs. Grundy? It seems strange indeed that so little should be known about the antecedents of Mrs. Grundy, who is always so anxious' to know about other people s but the fact roust bo admitted that Mrs. Grundy's origin is enveloped in the profoundest mystery. Nobody knows who she was, or Jiow she first entered society. She was not even a olmraeter in a play, like tho immortal Mrs. Malaprop. She first made known hor cxistance to tho public on tho 18th February, 1880, in a drama entitled " Speed the Plough," by Thomas Morton ; where one of tho characters alludes frequently to hor mystorioua influence by the" words, '• What 'will Mrs; Grundy say?" Beyond this nothing is known of her. There is, of course; tho possibility that she was tho wife of Solomon Grundy of the nursery rhymo, who was borh oil Monday, christened on Tuesday, &c.;, aud cot through his oxiatenco by Sunday j for the rhyme expressly says that Solomon was marriod on Wednesday. Perhaps Solomon Grundy was a solar myth, and Mrs. Grundy something of tho same kind. Thomas Morton is, unfortunately, dead, and has carried his Bccret to tho tomo; arid once more tho world, whioh knows; so little about its greatest men, will bo de prived of all further knowledge of onoof its most interesting women, 