AMERICA. THE CRIME OF ENGLAND. BEMABKABLE ARRAIGNMENT BY HON. THOMAS FITCH. Thomas Fitch, the great orator of the West, perhaps sinee Wendell Phillips' death the greatest in America, has an article under the above head in the first number of the bright new San Eranckcan. We extract some passages, to show not only the author's felicity of language, but also his truth to humanity and justice, the touchstone of all genius that is to live:— " It needs no words of mine to commend the cause of Irish Nationalism to either Irishmen or their descendants. So far from criticising Irish-Americans for aiding Ireland, I feel rather like chiding American-Americans who are indifferent to the contest for life and freedom now going on across the Atlantic. American citizens are under implied moral obligations to sympathise with all people everywhere who struggle for liberty. We are the Princes and the Knights of Liberty, and the old cbivalric motto of noblesse oblige applies to us. Wherever manhood struggles against class oppression ; wherever the enslaved seek to burst their chains; wherever human liberty is rfssailed—there the hearts of Americans should be found throbbing in behalf of those who are in bonds. And in so far as we can aid them without imperilling tbia peace of our land; in so far as we can aid them with speech and sympathy and counsel, and last, but not least, cash — such aid should be freely extended. "In the performance of Buch duty towards Ireland we are certainly not hampered with any obligations of gratitude, so far as the British Government is concerned. I know that it is customary in social and business intercourse to ignore the little differences which have existed between us and England at different times during the last century. And sometimes at official banquets the representatives of both England and America assure each Qther of the brotherly love of the people of each country toward the other; and usually both speakers are lying, and both know it. As a matter of fact, we remember George the Third, and England has not yet commenced to erect statues to George Washington. We remember the war of 1812, and England has not forgotten the battle of New Orleans. We remember the Alabama, and England has fifteen million memories of the Alabama award. We remember how England derided and insulted us for many years concerning a fault which was a fault of her own begetting; and when at last the hour of struggle came to us, then Exeter Hall went out of business; the sympathy shops for the slave closed their doors; the sbopB for the sale Of arms and munitions of war to help slavery opened theirs; and British cruisers, nnder Confederate flags, dotted the Atlantic with the wrecks of onr destroyed merchantmen, and lit tne Arctic Ocean with the flames of our burning whalers.. . England's aid to the Confederacy cost North and South together two years 'more of war, half a million more of dead, and a thousand millions more of money. Nor does the Sojufch owe England any good- will for such aid, for it was a sordid, cold-blooded business transaction; and now. that North and South are united, and keeping one set of books, the accounts may as well be consolidated and charged in one sum against our ancient stepmother. . . " Several hundred years ago England Invaded and conquered Ireland, jand the simple fact is that from that time until the present hour WngjMiJ. has been in a condition of practical armed occupation of Ireland. Sometimes under general laws, sometimes nnder special laws, sometimes without any laws at all, the invader has ever since kept his yoke upon the neck of (be vanquished, and the vanquished has never ceased to seek an opportunity to throw off tbe yoke. To the everlasting honour of Irishmen be it said that there has been no century without an insurrection against England, and no generation without plot and continuous civil disturbance. Other peoples who were conquered by England have assimilated with the conqueror or acqmeBcedin his rule, but the Irish people would never do either. Scotland, the Channel Islands, India, Canada, and the Antipodes all yield unquestioning, or at least peaceful, allegiance to the British crown, while Ireland is still as alien in spirit as in the days of Brian Boru. Pat would not celebrate the opening of a free bridge across the Styx into the streets of the New Jerusalem, if the ceremonies happened by accident or design to fall upon the Queen's birthday." After rehearsing some of the many atrocious points of the Penal Laws, and and destroyed Irish industries, the writer says:— " Behold the naked iron hand of Engchoking the life out of Ireland, from 1691 to 1829, and behold the same hand, with only a thin glove over its' bloody knuckles, maintaining its clutch down to this present year of Our Lord, when Professor Goldwin Smith, in a magazine article, deliberately advocates the expatriation or extermination of Irishmen, and every English aristocrat and every Americsn dude endorses the proposition. " Who shall dare say, in the face of all this history, that the IriBh are disorderly, turbulent, and murderous rebels, undeserving of American sympathy or American help P " I am an American, proud to trace my genealogy through generations of Connecticut Yankee ancestors, and loving peace and order as well as freedom with all the instinots of the Puritan; but if I were an Irishman, with the recollection of the past and present wrongs of my race and oreed ever resting on my heart, though I would still recommend and support, as I do recommend and su only peaceful, bloodless, and co tional measures of relief; though I • say then, as I say now, to him who t to pursue other means : ' Brother, stop I the dynamite bomb is the weak and ineffective weapon of unwisdom; the aroused moral sentiment of the civilised world will prove a force more potent for Ireland's good than all there is of bursting shell and gleaming steel; let the avenging blade pause, let the turrets of Westminster stand—not that we hate England less, but that we love Ireland more ;' yet even while such words of peaceful counsel were upon my lips, if I were an Irishman, might tbe avenging God smite the pulsing crimson back through its channels till these lips were as pallid as those lips of my famine-stricken countrymen, if my heart failed to throb with the passion of hate for the oppressor, and my soul failed to long for the hour when his flag and his footstep should cease to pollute the sir and the earth of Ireland. . . . Never since Carthftge was destroyed by Rome has there been exhibited such cruelty, such rapacity, and such brutal selfishness by the conqueror toward the < quered as has been displayed by En toward Ireland for seven hundred ; Religions have changed, condition changed, and the forms of opp have changed; but the fact of opp has remained unchanged. Civili has not abated it, and time has not ameliorated it. The Agnostic now openly derides the churchman, and the shopkeeper with bis account book has taken the place of the warrior with his mail; but the tyranny of England over Ireland remains the same as in the centurieB that have gone. Each generation of Englishmen have apologised for the acts of their ancestors, and each generation of Englishmen have invented new methods of oppression to take the places of those they abolished. 'Am I told that Ireland's lack of diversified industries comes from Irishmen's lack of the will or iyit to work 1 I answer in plain phrase that tbe assertion is a weak and wicked lie. Not here on these Western shores may such a feeble falsehood find welcome or acceptance. Where hammers and picks are ringing, and shuttles are shifting, spindles ate hunlming, and forjg glowing, and axes are gleaming < this broad land, there Irish muse helping to weave the mighty fabric of American gres$ti£s8, and IriSh voices are singing the songof faithful and honoured toil. The famished misery of the Irish in Ireland is not because of their want of will to work. It is the consequence of ibe necessary enforced dependence of the people OT Ireland °pou agriculture alone for their sapport. It is a consequence of a lack of manufaO' taring industries. " Bat, say the English apologists of to-day, these laws have been repealed. It was the bad grandfathers of the present wise and hnmane statesmen that enacted saoh laws, and there is no law now to prevent the bnilding of factories in Ireland. Ah ! bat there is, though; and it is a law as strong as any Act of Parliament. It is the law of competition, the law of sapply and demand, the law of self- interest. Ireland has not the capital, the skilled labour, nor the oom meroial facilities and knowledge to enable her to compete with England; and how oosld she have? The wild eagle who never felt a fetter will soar beyond the sight of man; but capture her, and keep her and her progeny in cages, and the third generation of eagles will not be able to fly over a feDoe. . . . On the far steppes of Bussia the serf has found freedom and the landless begin to find hope of homes. In France five million happy, oontented peasant proprietors sustain the government of a republic. The German owns the aores he cultivates. Italy stretobes free from the Alps to the Adriatic. Beyond the western seas the Genius of Amerioa points to a land whioh eohoes no footstep of a slave, and where Liberty so clasps bands with Law that even amid the throes of civil war no man was found bold enough or base enongh to propose that the Government shonld paok a jury-box in order to oonviot a rebel. Everywhere humanity presses forward, and the world whirls onward amid the stars, farther from the blackness every morning, nearer to the sweet light every night. Only on your shores, 0 England! the darkness lingers. Only on your banner the black shadow falls. Only your voice makes disoord in the musio. Only your footstep lingers in the race. For across the threshold of your temples and palaoes, shaming your vaunted justice, shaming your boasted chivalry, shaming your manliness, shaming your honour, lies Ireland, with the cruel and merciless clutch of the dead oenturies noon her fair and unoffending throat. Ah! take it off, and lift her to her beantifal feet. Take it off, and the ghosts of the dead Tudors, and the dead Protector, and the dead Kings of the House of Hanover and the House of Brunswick shall wander no more in expiation on the dim Plutonian shore. Give Ireland Belfgoveroment, and turbines will whir, and spindles bum, and forges glow, and the waitings of the discontent will cease, and a people—free, prosperous, and happy— will rise op and oall you blessed. Repeal the iniquitons Act of Union, and let Gladstone out of a difficulty, and Beaoonsfield ont of purgatory, and Gastlereagh out of hell. . . It might be that, thus made free, made prosperous, made powerful, Ireland wonld say to the Government aoross the ohannel: ' We forgive, but we cannot forget. We ask no reparation for the past. We demand not vengeance, bat we do not care to continue the partnership. It has been a partnership where you have en j oyed most of the profits, and we have had mOBt of the losses. Now let us part. You may take all the assets we have aided, during all these centuries, to accumulate. Leave to us only our freedom and our country. Take India, and Australia, and New Zealand, and Oanada, and the continents and islands that Irish valour, and suffering, and skill, and labour have helped to add to your domain. Take Waterloo, where an Irishman, reoreant indeed to his own land, yet saved you and made you foremost among the nations. Take the literature that Swift, and Goldsmith, and Moore, and Curran, and Grattan, and a hundred Irish brains have oaused to blase with the gems of genius which they set, like splendid stars, in its diadem. Of the fabrio of greatness and of power we have helped to weave for the British.Empire, take whatsoever you will; but leave ns our soil and our sky, and our strong-armed and brave-hearted sons. Leave us to work out our own deBtiny among the nations, and let the tides sweep between us in peaoe for ever.' " If Ireland were prosperous she oonld dissolve all politioal relations with England, because if Bbe were accorded selfgovernment she would soon be prosperous. None know this better than the rulers of England, and therefore it is that local rule has hitherto been denied to Ireland. How much longer it can be denied remains to be seen. Not long, if Irishmen everywhere are true. Not long, if those abroad in whose veins flows Irish blood will be willing awhile to saerifioe and labour for the freedom of their native land." 