A NEW LIFE OF CHRIST. [From the London Literary World of. November 9.1 Three lives of Christ, all executed on a monumental scale, and largely made up of pictorial descriptions of the men and manners, the external surroundings, the environment, in a word, of the Son of God— all thia points to a desire for full details on the subject of the Christ of history, which is certainly on* of the signs of the times. We cannot help describing it as a desire to 'see one of the days of the Son of Man'— a desire which, we are compelled to add, is not to be realised in this way It is our modern mode of going on pilgrimage, it is we attempt u- trace t&e; xiver of our religion, polluted as it is by the waeh of great cities, and choked with .tradi tion and dogma, to its fountain head, where it leaps into life at Bethlehem, and flotn ilka . Siloa's stream, still and pure, fast by the ~ . oracles of God. Well-meant as the desire is, we are far from sure that it can be realised. We say this with no desire to thro it doubt, on the good faith pt either of those thrae eminent writers— Archdeacon Farrar, ~Dc Geikie, and Dr. Edersheim. It a power of yfffii.painririg ^nA iniftginfttifM?j chastened bx scholarship, and corrected by the latest researches of travel, coald have succeeded in rolling back the mist of eighteen cen turies, then Farrar's 'Life of Christ" would have left. nothing to be desired. If, on . the. othei hand, an -almost enoyclo* psedic matting together of all tbat books can tell us of the life and times of the historical , Christ could have availed, then Dx.^3eiku would nave .enabled -na to see 'one-of '4h» days of the Son of .Man.' Lastly, if we ask : . for a Hebrew of the,Hebrews, as our guidkU - , to the national peculiarities of, the Son' of .' David, who was born in Bethlehem, who dwelt - - in Nazareth, and died in Jerusalem, what . : better guide could we meet nth. th*a.Dxy. Edcrabeim? Indeed, me miy.mdd tiuA*/* the Synoptics supplement each other, -un three gospels of the. manhood respectively pointing him out as son of David, son of Israel, and son of man, so to Archdeacon . Farrar's and Dr. Geikie's life of Christ, a third was required to cajaolete Jhe-Mrtaa,, He must be deecxibed*s a Jew to the Jem m weU»*.Gentile to the Gentiles. ThUaDaw. Edereheim's work. His standpoint, if we maH use the comparison, is that «i St. Matthew^ GospeL He has itmUBaftWWMhl lili trflwta. as a converted aon.xCtjajWtf^Sp^j^jmthi at The wbliabenCjMMiMfl99Bia^BKaMlL in. view of the ^TeprnJM^mBmBSmh^» served popularity tf siiehj^wBMHtiP' -t Farrar and. Gtikie, to^alLaivIffipainiteiau act so much to supplement their laboiMW **? write a fresh life from an independent ?tanil- - point. The work has been long waited for, but we do not think that the critics can com plain of the delay, looking atthensuttasitis laid before us in two large octavo xokamm of more than 700 pages each. Instead of. .two yean, the author hu fionsnatsdjMmn. , in the production of this woilc ; J*at/e» ,= Carded from whatevdt point of view ,«e ,? cbooee, there is no sign of the tiaie,«ient-jn . ; laboricufc tri&isg.; Exact in .hi«r»efortip|JL^ 7H ; »cd -footnotes, copious in hi* qnotaHniip.i '{ ? frcm Talmud and Xargum, it :i%-,nt^m W.k ??-. ;? critic in ten who is competent*!* cheba^^ii- /^ ;:rf quotatwim^.and we may^at 4moe ameptMt,^, ^-'%s3 \- references -to, Geiger end Graetx* .and Joj^r. -.tifMMM acd tbe other authorities on^TalmudUm; M . -' ^? '^ accottte reports on the aubjectinband. It :_ L' :.?--'- \\- isairorkjinnirvrd, worthy o( ^a»ituA^VPk r -? \- _ ?'?;-' %^k el HujBali KfcolinWp. We must go back* ieag way, aa far indeed an the divines of tbe seroiteBnflicentaiy.tOBMsetttsegoaainitB ewnjarticnrarHne. IJghtfoot, Spencer, and Sehoetgm are his equals in Babbimc scholar, ?hip, bat they did not write in a critical age In their day, antiquity had not yet been made to pan through the fire, so as to aift out the sold from the dross. For this reason, the old learning made a greater show than the new* Critics are merer fastidious in our day; the same learned load of authorities, tbe same long master roll of authors quoted, is not required nor indeed expected. And yet Dr. Ederahcim, in his Mat of. authorities chiefly used in writing t\ds bookf sums up nearly two huivdred works of writers, chiefly Jewisi and German, whom he has laid under contribu tion. The work, in a word Is drawn upon ao vast a scale, and with such a comprehensive apparatus critioas, that the difficulty felt by the reviewer is where to begin, and what point to turn to, in order to give the lay reader some impression of the whole. Perhaps the best way to bring out the scope of tie work, as a whole, is to bear in mind the safe rule, that to understand an author we must put ourselves at his point of new. For instance, Dr. Edersheim throws oat the remark with regard to the call xtt the disciples, that ' Jewish customs anoVmodes of thinking at that time do nothelp us further to understand the Lord's call of tfrem, except so far as they enable us more 'dearly to apprehend what the words of Jesus /would convev to them.' The expression, «? Follow Me,' would be readily understood as Implying a call to become permanent disciples of a teacher. Similarly, it was not only the practice of the rabbis, but regarded as one of the most sacred duties, for a master to gather around Mm a circle of disciples. In deed, there is no particular of Hebrew life in Palestine too minute to be passed over, if only it may be made to throw light on some incident in the Gospels. Take, for instance, fhis call of the sons of Zsbedee by the Lake of Galilee. We are reminded of the Hebrew meaning of the word Z?bedee, which is God-given, like the Greek Theodore and Dorothea ; and, also, we are told that fish was an article of die$, concerning which the rabbis had given many minute direc tions. — ' Tradition had it, that since the days of Joshua, snd by one of his ten ordinance?, fishing in the hike, though under certain necessary restrictions, was free to all. And as fish was among the favorite articles of diet, in health and sickness, on week days and especially at the Sabbath meal, many must have been em ployed in connection with this trade. Frequent, and sometimes strange, are the rabbinic advices, what kinds of fash to eat at different time?, and in what state of pre paration. They were eaten fresh, dried, or pickled ; a kind of * relish' or sauce was m*de of them, and the roe also prepared. We are told how the large fish were carried to market slung on a ring or twine, and the smaller fish in baskets; or casks. In truth, these rabbis are veritable connoisseurs in this delicacy ; they discuss their size with exaggerations, advise when they are in season, discern a peculiar flavor in the same kinds if caught in different waters, and tell us how to prepare them most tastefully, cautioning us to wash them down, if it cannot be with water, with beer rather than wine. It is one of their usual exaggerations, when we read of 300 different kinds of fish at a dinner given to a great rabbi, although the common proverb had it, to denote what was superfluous, that it was like * bringing fish to Acoo.' Besides, fish was also largely imported from abroad. It indicates the importance of this traffic, that one of the gates of Jerusalem was termed ' the fish-gate.' Indeed, there ia a legend to the effect that not less than 600,000 casks of sar dines were every week supplied for the fig dressers cf King Jannxos. But, apart from such exaggeration, so considerable was this trade that at a later period one of th,e patri archs of the Sanhedrin engaged in it, and actual!; freighted ships for the transport of fish.' At the same time, our author is on his g*ard not to follow rabbinic traditions too slavishly and to see a comparison when we ought to lookout for a contrast, Take tbe case of our Lord at tbe well of Sychar, when He asked drink of a woman that was a Samaritan, and assured her that in return for a single draught of water He could put her in possession of a well of water springing up to everlasting life. Dr. Edersheim here rightly draws a contrast be tween what the rabbis taught ou the subject of water from a cistern with Christ's offer of water from a well. — ' The question has some times been asked, to what Jesus referred by that well of living water, springing up into everlasting life. Of the various strange answers given, that, .surely, is altnoBt the worst which would apply it to the 'doc trine Of Jesus, supporting such explanation by a reference to rabbinic savings in which doctrine is compared to 'water.' This is one of those cot unfrcquent instances in wbicb rabbinic references mislead rather than lead, being insufficiently known, imper fectly understood, or misapplied. It is quite true that in many passages the teaching of the rabbis is compare! to water, but never to a * well of water springing up.' The dif ference is very great. For it is the boast of rabbinism that its disciples drink oE the waters of their teachers; chief merit lies in receptivepess, not spontaneity, and higher praise cannot be given than that of being 'a well plastered cistern, which lets not out a drop of water,' and in that sense is * a spring whose waters continually increase.' But this is quite the opposite of what our Lord teaches. For, it is only true of what men can give when we read this (in Ecclus. rxiv. 21) : ' They that drink me shall yet be thirsty.' More closely re lated to the words of Christ is it, when we read of a * fountain of wisdom ;' while, iu the Targum on Cant. iv. 14, * the words of the law' are likened 'unto a well of living waters.' The same idea was carried per haps even further, when, at the Feast of Tabernacles, amidst universal rejoicing, water from Siloam was poured from a golden pitcher on the altar, as emblem of the outpouring of the Holy Ghost. But the saying of our Lord to the Samwitan referred neither to HiB teaching, nor to the Holy Ghost, nor yet to faith, but to the gift of that new spiritual life in Him of which faith is but the outcome.' Turning in the same way to the story of the widow of Kain, we find that our commentator pours a rich flood of light on the narrative from his familiarity with Jewish writers and manners. We may Acre quote a passage, which, for fulness of picturesque detail, ia not easily surpassed. 'Sat in all this painful pageantry there was nothing for the heart of the widow bereft of her only child. We can follow in spirit the mournful procession aa it started from the desolate home. As- it issued, chairs and conches were reversed and laid low. Outside the funeral orator, if such was employed, preceded the bier proclaiming the good deeds of the dead. Immediately before the dead came the women, this befog peculiar to Gali lee, tbe midrash giving this reason of it, that women had introduced death into the world. The body was not, as afterwards in prefer ence, carried in an ordinary coffin of wood {Aron), if possible, cedarwood — on one occa sion at least, made with holes beneath ; but laid on a bier, or in an open coffin (Miitah). In former times a distinction had been, made in these biers between rich and poor. The former were carried on the so-called Dargcuh —as it were in state— while the poor were conveyed in a receptacle made of wickerwork (Keliba or Kdichah), having sometimes at the foot what was termed 'a horn,' to which the body was made fast. But this dis tinction between rich and poor was abolished by rabbinic ordinance, and toth alike, if carried on a bier, were laid in that made of wickerwork. Commonly, though not in later practice, the face of the dead body was uncovered. The body lay with its face turned np, and its hands folded on the breast. We may add that when a person had died unmarried or childless, it was cus tomary to put into the coffin something dis tinctive of qhem, such as pen and ink, or a icy. Over the coffin ol bride or bride groom a baldaohino was carried. Sometimes the coffin was garlanded with myrtle. In exceptional cases we read of the use of incense, and even of a kind of libation. We cannot then be mistaken in supposing that the body of the widow's son was bud on the 'bed' {MUtali), or in the 'willow basket,' already described (Keliba bamKeluv). Uor can we doubt that the ends or handles were borne by friends and neighbours, differ ent parties of bearers, all of them unshod, at frequent intervals relieving each other, so that as many as possible might share in the good work. During these pauses there was loud lamentation ; butthiseustom was not observed in the burial of women. Behind the bier walked the relatives, friends, and then the sympathising 'multitude.' For it was deemed like mocking one's Creator not to follow the dead to its last resting, place, and to all such want of reverence Prov. xvii. 5 was applied. If one were absolutely pre vented from 30ining the procession, although for its sake all work, even study, should be interrupted, reverence should at least be shown by rising op before the dead. And so they would go on to what the Hebrews beau tifully designated as the * house of assembly' or 'meeting,' the 'hostelry.' the 'place of rest,' or 'of freedom,' the 'field of weepers,' the 'bouse of eternity5 or of 'life.' We can now transport ourselves into that scene. Up from the city close by came this ?great multitude' that followed the dead, witb lamentations, wild chants of mourning women, accompanied by flutes, and the melancholy tinkle of cymbals, perhaps by trumpets, amidst expressions of general sympathy. Along the road from Endor streamed the great multitude which followed the * Prince of life.' Here they met: Life and Death. The connecting link between them was the deep sorrow of the widowed motber. He recognised, her as she went feefer* the bier, leading Mm to the il Save whom she bad brought tofe e. He recognised her, but she, recog nised Him not, had not even seen Him. She was still weeping; even after He had hastened a step or two in agvanoe of His followers, quite close to her, ihe did not heed Him^and was still weeping. But 'beholding her* the Lord 'had compassion on her? Those bitter, silent tears which blinded her eyes were strongest language of despair and utmost need, 'which never in vain appeals to His heart, Who has borne our sorrows. We remember, by way of contrast, the common formula of funeral orators in Palestine. 'Weep with them, all ye who are bitter of heart!' It was not so that Jesus spoke to those around, nor to h«r, but characteristically— ' Be not weeping.' And whatJXHe said that He wrought. He touched the bier — perhaps the very wicker basket in which the dead youth lay. He dreaded not the* greatest of all dfile meets — that of contact with the dead, which rabbinism, in its elaboration of the letter of the law, had surrounded with endless terrors. His was other separation than that of the Pharisees ; not that of submission to ordi nances, but of conquest of what made them necessary.' As a test of a writer's ability to enter into the inner meaning and spirit of Christ's mission, we do not know any better test than the Temptation Scene at the opening of His ministry. Remarking on Keim, whose criticism, he justly observes, differs widely from not only the superficial trivialities of a Renan, the stale arguments of a Strauss, or the picturesque inaccuracies of a Hausrath, he adds that even reverent op ponents of Christianity— among whom he classes Keim — have perceived the higher need of the temptation. He is careful to point out that, so far from Judaism having been able to anticipate this Temptation, as the mythical school assume, it is wholly beyond their horizon. The subject ia absolutely unique, and therefore is no fulfilment of some mere Jewish parallelism. On this subject he throws out the fruitful suggestion that the ' Messiah of Judaism is the Anti- Christ of the gospels.' Instead of Christ's temptation being a mere supplement or mythical echo of the temptations of Moses and Elias, each of whom fasted forty days, we are reminded that ' Moaes fasted in the middle, Elijah at the end, Jesus at the beginning of His ministry. Moses fasted in the presence of God, Elijah alone, Jesus assaulted by the devil. Moses had been called up by God, Elijah had gone forth in the bitterness of his own spirit, Jesus wai driven by the spirit. Moses failed after his forty days' fast, when, in indignation, he cast tbe Tables of the Law from him ; Elijah failed before his forty days' fast; Jesus was assailed for forty days, and en dured the trial. Moses was angry for Israel, Elijah despaired of Israel, Jesus overcame for Israel.' Such contrasts are not only instructive in themselves, but also point out where the mythical theory which Strauss has popu larised breaks down. If the ministry and miracles of Jesus be only a kind of after glow, the echo of Old Testament experi ences, hew is it that the differences are quite as striking as the parallelisms? We are thus led to see, with Dr. Edersheim, the unique originality of the Saviour's mis sion. He also marks out a solid distinction between a 'peccable nature and an impeccable person.' Wot king on the lines of the church doctrine of ' two natures iu one person,' he is able to steer clear of that sunken rock against which Irving struck. The nestorian error which always springs up in the wake of eutychian dogmatism is thus avoided, and it increases our respect for Dr. Edersheim as an able expositor of the Word of God. that he thus holds the balance evenly, and discerns the true point of temptation, that it grows up out of the expression tb.it Jesus was led up of the spirit to be tempted of the Devil in the wilderness. If we omit either of these two factors of temptation — tbe divine spirit or the diabolic — we shall miss the mark as much as if we overlook the truth that in Jesus there were two natures in one person. He is also right in fixing the true moment of temptation, in the pressure put upon Him by Satan to substitute His own will for tbe will of God ; to choose, in a word, His own course, and to assert His Messianic character in his own way. It is, perhaps, as well here to quote our author's conclusion of the whole meaning of the temptation: — ' Foiled, defeated, the enemy has spread its dark pinions towards that far-off world of his, and covered it with their shadow. The sun no longer glows with melting heat ; the mists have gathered on the edge of the horizon, and enwrapped the scene which has faded from view. And in the cool and shade that fol lowed have the angels come and ministered to his wants, both bodily and mental. He has refused to assert power ; He has not yielded to despair; He would not fight and conquer alone in His own strength ; and he has received power and refreshment, and heaven's company unnumbered in their ministry of worship. He would not yield to Jewish dream ; He did not pass from despair to presumption : and, lo, after the contest, with no reward for its ob ject, all is His. He would not have Satan's vassals as His legions, and all heaven's hosts are at His command. It had been victory ; it is now shout of triumphant prake. He whom God has anointed by His spirit had con quered by the Spirit; He whom Heaven's voice bad proclaimed God's beloved Son, ia whom He ?was well pleased, and proved such, and done His good pleasure They had all been overcome, these three temptations against submission to the will of God, pre sent, personal, and specifically Messianic. Yet all His life long there were echoes of them ; of the first, in the suggestion of His brethren to show Himself ; of the second, iu the popular attempt to make him a king, and perhaps also in what constituted the final idea of Judas Iscariot ; cf the third, as being Satanic most plainly, in the question cf Pilate — ' Art Thou then a king ?' The enemy 'departed from Him'— yet only ' for a season.9 But i this first contest and victory of Jesus decided all others to the list, These were, perhaps, cot as to the shaping of his Messianic plan, nor through memory of Jewish ex pectancy, yet still in substance the same coa* test about absolute obedience, absolute sub mission to the will of God, which constitutes the Kingdom of God. And so also from first to last was this the victory — ?KctMywilJ, but Thine, be docc' Bat as, in the first three petitions which He has taught us, Christ has enfolded us in the mantle of His royalty, so has He who shared our nature and our temptations gone up wit a us, want-pressed, sin-laden, and temptation stricken as we are, to the Mount of Tempta tion in the four human petitions which folio * the first. And over us is spread, a» the shel tering folds of His mantle, this as the out come of Hia royal contest and glorious victory — 'For Thine is the Kingdom, and the pawer, and the glory, for ever and ever.9 ' Here we must draw to a con slusion, since our space does not permit us ts follow the narra tive on to its closing ecece. We commend Dr. Edersheim for passing lightly over the Sijsical details of the crucifixion of our leesed Lord. Dr. Farrar has entered too minutely into the details of the Crucifra gium, and Dr. Geikie has even surpassed him in the accumulation of shocking and almost revolting particulars of the phy sical suffering of crucifixion. This, as we bave always felt, was a blemish in these writers. Here the modern mind, with its craving for realism, passes, as we think, the bounds of good taste and right feeling. When we are told of the 'dizziness, cramp, thirst, starvation, sleeplessness, traumatic fever, tetanus, publicity of shame, long continuance of torment, horror of anti cipation, mortification of untended wounds, all intensified up to the point at which they can be just endured at all, but stopping short of the p-rint which would give the sufferer the relief of unconsciousness' (v. 'Farrar 'a Life of Christ'), we are tempted to ask, is this legitimate criticism? In contrast with this needless harrowing of our sense of human pity, we greatly prefer the reverent reserve of Dr. Edersheim. He does not throw a veil over it altogether, but he rather draws us aside to consider the un imaginable agonies of his mental conflict, Of the three hours' darkness, he observes, 'It was not only of nature, Jesus also entered into darkness, Body, Soul, and Spirit. It was now, not as before, a con test, but suffering. Into this, to us fathomless depth of the mystery of His sufferings, we dare not, as indeed we cannot, enter. It was of the body, yet not of the body only, but of physical life. And it was of the soul and spirit, yet not of them alone, but in their conscious relation to man and to God. And it was not of the human only in Christ, but in its in dissoluble connection with the Divine : of the human where it reached the utmost verge of humiliation, to body, soul, and spirit, and in it of the Divine to utmost self-exinanition.' This is the true point of view. Hence it is that at the cross we see the meeting point of extreme joy and sorrow, and understand ho* His Passion was the true starting-point of His final and eternal triumph. The sensa tional word-painting of the physical sufferings of Christ give us no glimpse of the deep mean ing of that expression 'who for tbs joy flat was set before Him, endured the cros«, despised the shame, and is now set down at the right hand of God.' But we must conclude. We have said that Dr. Edersheim'a is the Hebraistic, as, by way of contrast, we may describe Famr's and Geikie's as the Hellenistic and Gentile aspect of Christ's life and work. It is well that we should regard it in all points of view. At the same time, it is only fair to add that this gospel of the Jew is also the one which most .ully brings out the Messianic character of Christ. Dr. Edersheim has shown, as a converted son Of Israel, that Jesus of Nazareth is iluB 4n&.t£ the law and of prophecy, and yet is such a Messiah as neither Jew nor Greek could have anticipated, and so have projected out of idea into the clear light of history. Let us add that this crowning labor of a lifetime deserves the warm recognition which it will receive from the judicious reader. Whether it will ever attain to the widespread popularity of Dr. Farrar*B more graphic but less accurately guided pen remains to be seen. It will pro bably grow, as all solid works do, in the esti mation of the public. Knowledge is said to be power. Knowledge is power in the same sense that wood is fael. Wood on fire is fuel. Knowledge on fire is power. There is no more power in knowledge than there is in the stones or stars which you know, unless there be a spirit and life in the knowledge which give it its energy. In pro portion as men have this spiritual power do they become strong in the world. — Alexander McKenzie. It was out of the cloud that the deluge came, yet it was upon it that the bow is set ! The cloud is a thing of darkness, yet God chooses it for the place where He bends the arch of light ! Such is the way of our God. He knows that we need the cloud, and that a bright sky, withont speck, or shadow would not suit us in our passage to the kingdom. Therefore He draws the cloud above us, not once in a lifetime, but many times. Bat lest the gloom should appal us, He braids the cloud with sunshine ; nay, makes it the object which gleams to our eye with the vtry fairest hues of heaven.— Horatius Boktar. When we stand upon the high mountain, let us pray— Hold me lest I fall ; and when we put on the fine garments, let us ask for the anointing. It is the man who is full of joy arid delight who is called upon to ba watchful. When all is calm with us we may expect a hurricane. It is the worst devil, when we cannot see any devil, for then perhaps the rascal has got inside of us and is ready to give us a deadily stab— Spurgeon. Infinite toil would not enable you to sweep away a mist ; but by ascending a little, yoii may often look over it altogether. So it is with our moral improvement; we wrestle fiercely with a vicious habit, which would bave no hold upon us if we ascended into a higher moral atmosphere.— Helps. 