LONDON CORRESPONDENCE. [From our own Correspondent. I London, October 31. THE AUTUMN SESSION. JLhe opening of Parliament has been fol lowed by prolonged and animated debates on the Address, and I have never known a time when party passions were more deeDlv stirred, or when quiet men could look for ward with less hope to a peaceful political future. There are rumours of compromise on the Franchise Bill, and as the Queen is anxious to have the question settled— a feel ing which is shared by moderate men on both sides— it is of course just possible that a modus vivendi may be discovered. But I think that this is more than doubtful. Lord Salisbury, Lord Randolph Churchill, and the more impetuous members of the Conserva tive party are anxious at all costs to force a general election. In Liberal circles th9 belief a that if the Tory majority in the House of Lords is materially reduced Mr. Gladstone will create fifteen new peers, with perhaps the threat of more creations if it is necessary to take this step in order to bring the hereditary Chamber to its senses ; but if the Tory ma jority in that House remains immovable, then the idea is that Her Majesty will be advised to dissolve Parliament in December. At anv late, a dissolution is on the cards. The Tories have been made more eager for it by the premature publication of the Minis terial redistribution scheme, which has awakened hostility to the Government in all the small boroughs. This invests the pend ing election at Scarborough with peculiar interest. That borough is marked out f orthe loss of ope Beat, and although justice demands the sacrifice, yet electoral human nature is weak, and is apt to resent in its own fashion any attempts to deprive it of a portion of its privileges. The Conservatives count upon having most of the small English boroughs on their side in the coming contest. MINISTERIAL CHANGES. Mr. Dodson has retired from the Chancel lorship of the Duchy of Lancaster in order to make room for Mr. Trevelyan. The change is for the better. A man who is no force in politics makes room for a man who is. Mr. Dodson, as a good type of the dull, heavy. Whig placeman, will make a respect able Liberal peer; while the promotion of Mr. Trevelyan to Cabinet office gives satis faction to every one desirous of seeing a young and rising statesman take his proper place in public affairs. Some Conservative speakers say that the Government have allowed Mr. Trevelyan to be driven from office. This is not true. Once during the hut session the mental strain which he endured was too much for him and he com pletely broke down, and as his medieal adviser warned him that his health was not equal to the fatigue and anxieties of the Irish Secretaryship he was compelled to retire. Mr. Dodson was Induced to resign the Chancellorship of the Duchy, and thus a way into the Cabinet was opened to Mr. Trevelyan, who, I hope, will no longer be pursued by the mendacity and rancour of the Parnellitejparty. His elevation has necessarily caused other Ministerial changes. Mr. Camp bell-Bannerman— a man of much ability, combined with a great amount of good-nature and Belf-control— has been appointed Chief Secretary for Ireland. It is a serious objection to him that he is a Scotchman, but in the circumstances in which the Government are placed I fear that this is unavoidable, as no Irishman of sufficient mark would accept the post. The further Ministerial changes will not be formally made until Lord Northbrook has returned from Egypt, but it is no secret that Sir Thomas Brassey will succeed Mr. Campbell-Bannerman as Secretary to the Admiralty ; and it is expected that the place of Civil Lord of the Admiralty now held by Sir T. Brassey will be filled by Mr. R. W. Duff,|who, although at present a Scotch M.P. and a Liberal whip, began life in the navy. THE MAAMTRASNA MURDEBj Since Parliament reassembled Irish topics have, as was to be expected, assarted their right to take precedence of all other public questions, and they have been discussed with even more than the bitterness which Mr. Parnell's followers always manage to impart to their speeches in the House of Commons. Your readers were informed a short time since that there was a probability that the story of the atrocious crime committed in Ireland on August 18, 1882, by which nearly a whole family named Joyce were swept off the face of the earth, would be gone over again on account of a letter written by the Archbishop of Tuam to Lord Spencer, stating that Thomas Casey, one of the gang of assassins who turned approver to save him self, now declares that the evidence 'gone by him at the trial was false, and only spoken because a high official had given him the choice between losing his own fife or swearing away the lives of the men in custody. LwrU Speccer caused a private enquiry to be made, and having examined the notes submitted to him deciied that there was no adequate reason shown for disturbing the judgment on which eight men were convicted, three of whom suffered capital punishment. The Lord Lieutenant's chief reason was that none of the approvers had been among the chief witnesses for the prosecution. But the Irish party have seized on Thomas Casey's recanta tion, and Mr. Harrington, M.P., haB made it the basis of a pamphlet boldly charging the Government with suppression of evidence on the one ( hand, and the manipulation of false evidence on the other, with a view to find victims at all costs. It is allowed that two of the three- men executed were guilty, but Myles Joyce is now declared innocent of being accessory to the murder, and four of the five men now undergoing penal servitude are described as no less blameless, although they pleaded guilty at the trial. THE DEBATE IN THE HOUSE. The debate which has taken place in the House of Commons on Mr. Harrington's amendment to the Address, demanding a public enquiry into the whole matter, nas been violent, and a* the Bame time tedious to the last degree, for each of the speakers in support of the amendment has been unable to resist the temptation to retell the terrible story in his own way, and Mr. Labouohere said truly that a very great deal had. been said on his own side utterly irrelevant to the main question, which was not whether certain men were guilty or innocent, but whether a fair case forenauiry had been made out. Mr. Arthur O'Connor set the bad example deprecated by Mr. 'Labouchere by boldly asserting his conviction that the evidence of the independent witnesses was fabrication and perjury from beginning to end, and called upon the House to believe that the murder was done in quite a different manner from that stated in evidence by men dressed in short white garments pulled over their coats to avoid identification. Mr. Healy threatened Mr. Trevelyan with being haunted by the ghost of Mylea Joyce, and pronounced a panegyric upon the present testimony of Thomas Casey, which ne said he had found it impossible to shake in a long interview. Colonel Nolan denied that the Maamtrasna prisoner^ had been tried before a real Judge or Jury, and Mr- Redmond declared that until the last depositions of # the executed men were produced and a public' SD^uiry had taken place he, should believe that Jlyles Joyce was judicially murdered, with Lord Spencer's knowledge. Mr. Parnell's speech was far more restrained. He dwelt much on the discrepancy between Anthony Joyce's de scription of the murderers as men in dark ap parel, and that of the two brothers, Michael Joyce and Patrick (the sole survivor), who spoke of them as having white clothes and black faces. He likewise described the mur dered family as being in such bad odour— the father being a Ribbonman who had abused his trust— that those who wanted the reward knew pretty well who some of the assassins were likely to be, and named the rest at random. He concluded by pledging himself that the matter should not be smothered, but brought up again and again till enquiry was conceded. The first of the English Conser vatives to make common cause with Mr. Harrington was Mr. Gorstt who sharply at tacked the speech of the Solicitor-General for Ireland, denonncingthe amendment as a step taken with the intention to discredit the administration of justice in Ireland; and the .next was Lord Randolph Churchill, who assumed a highly patronising air towards the Government, professed great impartiality, and assured Her Majesty's Government that, i if by yielding this point, they obtained a few Irish votes 'they need fear no taunte from him.' He also claimed enquiry on the ground that Lord Hartington had pro mised it at the close of last session. Mr. Trevelyan replied to Lord R. Churchill in a very able address, giving first the text of the reply made by Lord Hartington, which was entirely conditional, and then defending the action of Lord Spencer on the merit* of the case. He commented on the fact that Thomas Casey had stuck to his original evidence for nearly two years, and in reply to the jibes of his opponents that jastice is not administered in Ireland, he pointed out that ^ agrarian murders had become almost extinct in that country, and declared that this was a consolation to him for any attacks which might be made on the Irish government. Sir William Harcourt's speech was a masterpiece of close reasoning. He told the House that Lord Spencer hai referred to him before replying to the Aroh bishop's letter, and that having investigated the subject just as he would have done any English murder case he Baw no reason for interfering with the sentence of the law. He asked the House whether it was entitled to disbelieve the testimony of three men and one respectable woman, who had sworn to having seen certain men enter the house where the murder took place, on the assertion of a man who, on his own showing, was both -uj accessory to murder and a perjurer. ME. GLADSTONE S REPLY. On Tuesday the debate was resumed on the Irish side by Mr. McCarthy, who said nothing new, but distinguished himself, at any rate, by the good temper and courtesy of his remarks. Then Mr. Gladstone took the floor, and in a deeply earnest and high pitched address, which did not disdain such )articular8 as it has been necessary for the lefendera of the Government to lnaisc upon sr dispose of, again and again, made an im pression which no other speech ori the ques tion could make, because it seized boldly upon the real and tremendous issue at stake 30 far as the Irish government is concerned. Mr. Gladstone stripped away a great deal that had gathered around the seemingly modest motion as amended by Mr. Labou chere, and showed that it really involved a virtual impeachment of Lord Spencer, to whose high moral, as well as statesman like, qualities the Premier paid a warm tribute. Alluding to the manner in which the Irish government had been assailed, he said he could not understand such terms used in reference to 'men we revere and love even more than we admire them.' The persons, he said, who use these terms 'speak to us in a f deign language.' Here the Irish members caught up the word 'foreigner,' and applying it literally to themselves, shouted ' That s the truth 1 we are foreigners !' The Speaker interfered, and the Premier simply remarked that his words were applied as he had not meant them. The O Gorman Mahon brought the debate to an end with an impassioned appeal for enquiry, and then the House divided. The result waB as follows :— For the amend ment, 48 ; against, 219 ; majority for the Government, 17L Thus the Parnellitesjiid not gain much by their alliance with Lord Randolph Churchill and Mr. Gorst. who received no support from the bulk of their party. But| a night or two afterwards the rarnellites were able to wreak vengeance on the Ministerialists by joining in the crusade againBt Mr. Chamberlain. A SCENE IN THE HOUSE OF COMMONS. The riots at the Tory meeting at Birming ham have greatly exercised the Conservative mind, and in particular have tempted Lord Randolph Churchill and Sir Henry Wolff to attempt the arduous quest of gibpeting Mr. Chamberlain, an undeitaking which, I need hardly say, has proved far beyond the capa city of either of these clever gentlemen. They actually appear to have imagined that they could drive Mr. Chamberlain from the Government, if not from political life, by making out that he had used language directly inciting to a breach of the peace, and by endeavouring in some way to connect him personally with the disturbance at Aston HalL Tne little plot began on Thursday week with an attack made by Sir Henry Wolff on Mr. Chamberlain for his alleged complicity with the rioters ; but the Presi dent of the Board of Trade would not allow himself to be drawn. On the following even ing he was asked by Sir F. Milner whether it was true that, apropos of the said riot, he had thus Bpoken of Lord Randolph Churchill—' This is the man who is so indig nant because the working men of Birming ham took him at his word and pulled off the coping of a wall to attend the meeting at which they had been invited, and which the Tory managers were, by a transparent fraud, endeavouring to palm off as a representation of the people of Birmingnam.' Mr. Chamberlain replied that the question, though substantially aqcurate, was incom plete, since it did not include his preceding reference to Lord Randolph Churchill's own declaration made at an Edinburgh meeting in 1883, that ' he would never give his aBsent to the Franchise Bill till the labourers had shown their earnestness by pulling down railings and engaging the police.' LordR. Churchill rose to order, and asked whether it was in order for a Minister to put into the mouth of a member words which ha had not uttered. Mr. Chamberlain, however, insisted that his version of Lord Randolph's remark was substantially accurate. The latter then pressed Mr. Chamberlain to say whether, before the debate on the address closed, he would or would not answer the charge of direct complicity in the riots. Mr. Chamberlain answered briskly that nothing would give him greater pleasure. He had only refrained from replying to the state ments of Sir H. D. Wolff because he had supposed ' he was acting as jackall to the noble lord.' Lord Randolph Churchill wa3 thin-skinned enough to ask, ' in the interests of Parliamentary decenoy'— of which, aa everybody knows, he ib so habitually jealoua — whether it was in order for one member to apply to another the term 'jackall.' The Speaker urbanely suggested that the word was probably used in only a figurative sense, and suggested, amid roars of laughter, that the noble lord should not take it too literally. Sir Stafford solemnly gave the House to understand that he was scandalised by the expression, wnereupon Mr. CLauiboclain, with equal gravity, remarked that his inten tion in using the objectionable phrase waa exactly the same as that of Sir S. Northote himself, who not long since, in a figura tive speech, described Lord R. Churchill as a 'bonnet.' The subject was resumed on Monday, when Lord R. Churchill assured the House that upon the earliest opportunity allowed by the state of public business, ' he would Bee what he could do to draw the badger.' This was a weak attempt to imitate Mr. Chamberlain's humour, and felt rather flat on the House. THE OHAMBEELAIN MOTION OF CENSUEK. After such a flourish of trumpets it waa impossible to delay a serious encounter between the contending Powers, aad ac cordingly last night Lord R. Churchill moved the .amendment cf which he had given notice, to the effect that the House regretted to find in ' the speeches and actions' of the President of the Board of Trade 'an incite ment to interference with the freedom of political discussion, and a justification of riot and disorder.' Lord Randolph, in a somewhat prolix, although occasionally humorous speech, proceeded to quote numerous extracts from addresses which Mr. Chamberlain delivered at Hawley and elsewhere with a view to Bhow that the right honourable gentleman's language was both calculated and designed to provoke dis order. He contended that Mr. Chamberlain had used expressions quite as violent as those for employing which Mr. Timothy Harrington had been degraded to ' the level of a convict in a common gaol ; and he asked 'whether Mr. Chamberlain would be invited to step down from his saloca carriage, pluck the orchid from his button hole, and don the rough but serviceable habiliments of the Birmingham Peniten tiary?' He endeavoured to connect Mr. Chamberlain with the ABton Hall riots by pointing out that, although the right honour able gentleman had been distinctly charged with being responsible for those disturb ances, he had not ventured upon a denial of the charge. One anrasing feature of Lord Randolph's remarks was that every extract he read from Mr. Chamberlain's speeches with a view to criminate Mm was loudly cheered by the Liberal party in the House. The noble lord then gave details of the forging of tickets and the hiring of roughs at Birmingham, for which he declared that the Liberal Associa tion was responsible. Tub President of the Board of Trade, he said, created that Asso ciation in its modern form; he was atonoa its father and its child, and must therefore share in the responsibility and guilt of the malpractices which have been committed by its ageritsi Mr. Chamberlain's reply waa perhaps, the most powerful and effective speech he has yet made In the House of Com mons. He averred that, he took no part whatever in the Liberal Association of Bir mingham beyond/being a subscriber ; that he never hired a rough in Ms life : and did not believe that there had been any forging of tickets in Birmingham, although if there had been, he knew nothingabout it. He read the depositions of Mr. Wiggett, President of the Machine Toolmakers' Society. In which he states that he applied for and obtained from the Conservative agent 600 tickets of ad mission to the Conservative meeting, and yet, having a Gladstone rosette in his buttonhole, he was refused' admission on the pretence that his ticket was forged. The Secretary of the Conservative Association at Birmingham invited Liberals as well as Conservatives to be present, and yet when they made their appearance at, the hall, with tickets fur niBned by the Association itself, they were told that they were the bearers of forged tickets, and refused admission. Mr. Cham berlain then read the depositions of a number of Tory roughB, who said that they had been hired by the Conservatives to assist in knock ing down Liberals, and excelling them from the meeting. In the subsequent debate nothing was said which in the least weakened the force of Mr. Chamberlain's speech, although probably not a single vote on one side or the other was affected byit ine division took place on strictly party lines. The Conservatives voted in a body for Lord R. Churchill's amendment, and their num bers were largely increased by the votes of the Parnellites, who appear to delight in throwing to the winds anything like pnn ciple or consistency. The amendment was rejected by a majority of 36 m a House of 402 members. . The effect otthe debate and division will be to largely increase the influ ence of Mr. Chamberlain ia the country. 