S 1 3R. TOM . By fflfos. O&pbaut;, Author of '?« TheChroB»ole6of ^arlmgtord,' ' The Greatest Heiress in Ens-Ian*,* '5Je that Will Not when He, ^HAJPaCEft Vn.— TCuHTiNUjeu). Here Imcy stopped, and looked him in the face 'with an air of B&Jaxnnity; that startled him. *I have been, thinking/ she said; 'God has tried its with *mpp'?'Ea first. That is how He always does— and if ire abuse that, then there cornea*— the other. We have been bo happy. Oh, bo happy r* Her face, which had been stalled Tt»y this ptotqfebder wave of feeling, began to quiver again. *^[ £id not think any one oould be so happy,* jehe said. *waL my darling! and you have been very tbanfcfcnl and good ? , *Oh-iio, no, no/ she cried. 'I have forgotten iny twist. I have let the poor. Buffer, and put aside *hat was laid -upon me — end now — now ? Ijucv caught her husband's /arm with both her liandfa, and drew him close to her. ' Tom, God has sent His angel to warn us/ she said, in a broken voice. 'Lucy, Lucy, this is not like you. Do you think that poor little woman has lost her baby for our Bake ? Are -we of so much more import ance than she is in the sight of God, do you think ? Come, c#me, that is not like you.* Lucy gazed at. him for a moment with a sndden opening of he* eyes, which were contracted.with misery. She^was snbdued by the words, though, she only partially comprehended them. r Don't you think/ he said, 'that to deprive another woman of her child in order to warn you would be unjust, Lucy ? Gome and sit down and warm your poor little hands, and take back your reason, and do not accuse G-od of wrong, for that is not possible. Poor Ellen, I don't, doubt, is composed and submissive, while you, who have so little ? She gave him a wild look. 'With her it is over, it is over !' she cried, * but -with us ? Lucy had never been fanciful, but love quickens the imagination and gives it tenfold power ; and no ..fofct could have fek-» srith such a breathless and agonised realisation, the difference between the accomplished aaid Ut*e possible, the past which nothing can alter, said 'the pain and sickening terror with which we ontieipate what may come. Ellen had entered in the calm of the one j she herself stood f acimgj'wildly the unspeakable terror of the other. cGji&» Tom, I coaldT not bear it, I could not bear itA' she cried. It was almost ftnorning before he had succeeded in soothing teat-, in making her lie down and com pose herself* But by that time nature had begun to take the task in hand, wrapping her in the calm of 'exhaustion. Sir Tom had the kindest heart, though he had not been without reproach in his life. He sat by her till she had fallen into a deep-and quiet sleep, and then he stole into the nursexy and cast a glance at little Tom by bhe dim light of the night lamp. His heart leaped to see the child with its fair locks all tumbled 'apon the pillow, a dimpled hand laid unon a dimpled cheek, ease and comfort and well-being in every lovely curve; and then there came a momentary spasm across his face, and he mur mured ' Poor little beggar I' under his breath. He was not panic-stricken like Lucy. He was a man made robust by much experience of the world, and a «hild more or less waa not a thing to affect him as it would a youngr mother ; but the pathos of the contrast touched him with a keen momentary pang. He stole away again quite subdned and went to bed, thankfully saying an uncustomary prayer in the emotion that possessed him. Good God, to think of it ; if that poor little 'beggar had been little Tom ! Irticy woke to the sound of her boy's little babbling of happiness in the morning and found him blooming, on her bed, brought there by his father, that she might see him, and how well he was, even before she was awake. . It was thus not tlU the first minute of delight was over that her recollections came back to her and she remem bered the anguish of the previous night; and then with a softened pang, as was natural, and ?warm flood of thankfulness -which, carried a,T?ay harsher thoughts. But her mind was in a highly susceptible and tender state, open to every im pression. ^And when she knelt down to make her morning supplications, Lucy made a dedication of herself, and solemn vow. She said, like the little prinoess when ehe first knew that she was to be made queen, ' I will be good.' She put forth this promise trembling, not with any sense that she was making a bargain with God, as more rigid minds might suppose, but with all the remorse ful, loving consciousness of a child which feels that it has not made the return it ought for the good things showered upon it, and confronts for the first time the awful possibility that these tender privileges might be taken away. There was a trembling all over her, body and soul. She was shaken by the ordeal through which she had I come — the ordeal which was not hers but an other's; and with the artlessness of the child was mingled that supreme Iranian instinct which struggles to disarm Fate by immediate prostra tion and submission. She laid herself down at the feet of the Sovereign greatness which could mar all her happiness in a moment, with a feel ing that was not much more than half Christian. Lucy tried to remind herself that He to whom Bhe knelt was love as well as power. But nature, which still 'trembles like a guilty thing sur prised * in that great Presence, made her heart beat onoe mote with passion and sickening terror. God knew, if no one else did, that she had aban doned her father.*^ trust and neglected her duty. 'Sell all thou hast and give to the poor/ Lucy rose from her knees with anxious haste, feeling as if she must do this, come what might and whoever should oppose ; or at least since it was not needful for her to sell all she had, that ehe must hurry forth, and forestall any further disci pline by beginning at once to fulfil the duty ehe had neglected. She could not yet divest herself of the thought that the baby who was dead was a little warning messenger to recall her to a sense of the. punishments that might be hanging over her. A messenger to her of mercy, for what, oh I wha^L ifould she have done if the blow had fallen upoa Jiitle Tom ? CHAPTER VIIL THB SHADOW OF DEATH. After this it may perhaps be surprising to know that Lucy, did nothing to carry, put. that great tsrwtt with which she had been charged* '.? She had felt, and did 'feel at intervals for a long time afterwards, as if God ^imnoif had warned 'her what might oome upoa her if ohe neglected her duty. But if you -will reflect how very difficult that duty was, and how far -she was from any opportunity of being able to discharge it 1 la early days, when she was fresh from her father's 'teaching,, and deeply impressed with the instant necessity of carrying it out, Providence ifcslf had sent the JBussell family, poor and helpless people, who had not the faculty of getting on by themselves, into her way, and Lucy had promptly, or at least as promptly as indignant guardians would permit, provided for them in the modest way which was all her ideas reached at the time. But around the hall there was nobody to whom the same summary process could be applied. The people about were either working people, -whom it is always easy to help, or weH*off people who had no wants which Luoy could supply. And this continued to be so even after her1 bright, and determination to return to the WotSr Mtafcted to her. No doubt could she have oome down to the hearts and lives of the neighbours wio.vieited Lady Eandolph on the externally equal footing which Bociety pretends to allot to alt gentle folks, she would have found several who would have been glad to free her from her money. But then she ooold not see into tb«ir hearts. She did not know what a dim cult thing it was for Mr. fioutledge, of Newby, to pay the debts of hie so* when he had left col lege, or how hardly hit was young Archer, of Fordham, in the matter of the last joint-stock bank iihat stopped payment. If they had xu-t all been so determined to hold up their heads with the best, and keep up appearances, liucy might have managed somehow to transfer to them a little of the money whioh' she wanted to g«t rid of, and el which they stood mo much in steed. But this was not to be thought of; and when *h« cast her ©yea around her it ww with a certain despair ^ibat Imcy saw no ouUei whatever lor those Vrantaes which it had seemed to her itsjaven xtas&^vas^onoernvd about, and. had warned her nfffr 'itc^flgtfttrt1! idOuiy.an auxiouii $hQnjrh~ti 4ojbu- jlffi-^yf w3w fr tut tMs snWeflftn She l|£oii(At^Df calling her cousin Philip Rainy, who was estab lished and thriving at Farafield, and whose for tunes had been founded upon her liberality, to her counsels. But if Sir Tom had disliked the confidence between her and her brother, what would he think of Philip Rainy as her adviser ? Then Lucy in her perplexity turned again to the thought of Jock. Jock had a great deal more sense inrnpi than anybody knew. He had been the wiseOT%;hild, respected by everybody; and now he was almost a man, and had learned, as he said, a great deal at school. She thought wist fully of the poor curate of whom Jock had told her. Very likely that poor clergyman would do very well for what Lucy wanted. Surely there could be no better use for money than to endow such a man, with a whole family growing up, all the better for it, and a son on the founda tion ! And then she remembered that Jock had entreated her to do nothing till he came. Thus time went on, and her passionate resolution, her sense that heaven itself was calling upon her, menacing her with judgment even, seemed to come to nothing — not out of forgatfulness or sloth, or want of will — but because she saw no way before her, and oould not tell what ta do. And after that miserable night when Ellen Bailey's baby died, and death seemed to enter in as novel and terrible as if he had never been known before, for the first time into Lucy's para dise, she had never said anything to Sir Tom. Day after day she had meant to do it, to throw herself upon his guidance, to appeal to him to help her ; but day after day she had put it off, shrinking from the possible contest of which some instinct warned her. She knew,, without knowing how, that in this he would not stand by her. Impossible to have been kinder in that crisis, more tender, more in dulgent, even more understanding than her hus band was. But she felt instinctively the limits of his sympathy. He would not go that length. When she got to that point he would change. But she could not have mm to change ; she could not anticipate the idea of a cloud upon bis face, or any shadow between them. And then Lucy made up her mind that she would wait for Jock, and that he and she together, when there were two to talk it over, would make out a way. All going on well again, the grass above little Willie's grave was green, hi& mother consoled and smiling as before, and at the Hall the idea' of the Christmas party had been resumed, and the in vitations indeed were sent off, when one morn ing the visitor whom Lucy had anticipated with such dread came out of the village, where infan tile diseases always lingered, and entered the carefully-kept 'nursery. Little Tom awoke crying and fretful, hot with fever, his poor little eyes heavy with acrid tears. His mother had not been among the huts where poor men lie for nought, and she saw at a glance what it was. Well ! not anything so very dreadful — measles, which almost all children have. There was no reason in the world why she .should be alarmed. She acknowledged as much, /vrith a tremor that went to her heart. There were no bad symptoms. The baby was no mora ill than it was nocessary he should be. ' He was having them beautiful,' the nurse said, and Lucy scarcely allowed even her husband to see the deep, harrowing dread that wag in her. Bv-and-by, however, this dread 'was justified ; ehe had been very anxious about all the little patients in the village, that they should not catch cold. whioh in the careless ignorance of their attendants, and in the limited accommodation of the cottages, was so usual, so likely, almost inevitablo. A door would be left open ; a sudden blast of cold would come upon the little sufferer. How could anyone help it ? Lucy had given the poor -women no peace on this subject. She had ' worried them out o' their lives/ And now, wonder above all finding out, it was in little Tom's luxurious nursery, where everything was arranged for his safety, where one careful nurse succeeded another by night and by day, and Lady Randolph herself was never absent for an hour, where the ventilation was anxiously watched and regulated, and no incautious intru der ever entered — it was there that the evil came. When the child had shaken' off his little com plaint and all was going well, he took cold, and in a few hours more his little lungs were labour ing heavily, and the fover of inflammation con suming his strength. Little Tom, the heir, the only child! 'A cloud fell over the house; from Sir Tom himself to the lowest servant, all became partakers unawares of Lucy's dumb terror. It was because the little life was so important, be cause so much hung upon it, that everybody jumped to the conclusion that the worst issue might be looked for. Humanity has an instinc tive, heathenish feeling that God will take advantage of all the special circumstances that aggravate a blow. Lucy, for her part, received the stroke into her very soul. She was outwardly more calm than when her heart had first been roused to terror by the death of the little child in the village. That which she had dreaded was come, and all her power was collected to support her. The moment had arrived — the time of trial — and she would not fail. Her hand was steady and her head clear, as in the case with the finer natures when confronted with deadly danger. The simple girl suddenly became like one of the women of tragedy, fighting, still and strong, with a desper ation beyond all symbols — the fight ?with, death. But Sir Tom took it differently. A woman can nurse her child ; can do something for him; but a man is helpless. At first he got rid of Tii« anxieties by putting a cheerful face upon the matter, and denying the possibility of danger. ' The measles ! every child had the measles ! If no fuss was made, the little chap/ he declared, ' would soon be all right. It was always a mis take to exaggerate ? / But when there could no longer be any doubt on the subject, a curious struggle took place in Sir Tom's mind. That baby— die? That crowing, babbling creature pass away into the solemnity of death ! It had not seemed possible, and when he tried to get it into his mind his brain whirled. Wonder for the moment seemed to silence even the possibility of grief. He had himself gone through labours and adventures that would have killed a dozen men, and had never been conscious even of alarm about himself; andtheideaofalifequenchedinits beginningby soaccidentalamatter as a draught in nursery, seemed to him something incomprehen sible. When he had heard of a child's death, he had been used to say that the mother would feel it, no doubt, poor thing * but it was a small event that scarcely counted in human history to Sir Tom. When, however, his own boy was threat ened, after the first incredulity, Sir Tom felt a pang of anger and wretchedness which he oould not understand. It was not that the family miB fortune of the loss of the heir overwhelmed him, for it was very improbable that poor little Tom would be his only child ; it was more intimate and personal :sensation. A sort of terrific rage came over him, which he dared not express j. for if, indeed, his child wasto be taken from him, who was.it but God that would do this ? and he did not venture to turn his rage to that quarter. And then a confusion of miserable feelings rose within him. One night he did not go to bed. It was impossible in the midst of the anxiety that filled the house, he said to himself. He spent the weary hours in going softly up -and down stairs j now listening at the door of the nursery and waiting for the wife who came out now and then to bring him a bulletin, now dozing drearily in his library downstairs. When the first gleamB of the dawn stole in at the window, he went out upon the terrace in the misty chill morning, all damp and miserable, with the trees standing about like ghosts. There was a dripping thaw after a frost, and the air was raw and the prospect dismal ; but even that was less* wretched than the glimmer of the shaded lights, the muffled whispering and stealthy foot steps indoors. He took a few turns up and down the terrace, trying to reason himself out of this misery. How was it, .after all, that the little figure of this infant should overshadow earth and heaven to a man, a reasonable being; whose mind and life were full of interests far more im portant) Love— yes! but love must have some foundation. The feeling whioh clung so strongly to a child with no power of , returning jt, and no personal qualities to excite it, must be mere in stinct not much above that of the animals. He would not say this before Lucy, but there could be no doubt it was the taruth. He shook himself up mentally, and reoalled himself i» what he at tempted to representas the true aspecbiof affairs. He was a man who had obtained mostthings that this world .can give. ? He had- sounded life to its depths {as he.ihonght), ;and tasted bofli the tiller and: the sweet j and after having indulged in all these varied exi^eriencm it fcad be*n{£ven to him, as it is not given to many men, to come back from all -wanderings and See&re; the satis factions of mature life, wealth And social import ance, and the power of acting in the largest imperial concerns. Bound about him everything was his ; the noble woods that swept away into the mist on every side; the fields and farms which began to appear in the misty paleness of the morning through the openings in the trees. And if he had not by his side such a companion as he had once dreamed of, the beautiful, high minded ideal woman of romance, yet he had got one of the best of gentle souls to tread the path of life along with him, and sympathise even when she did not understand. For a man who had not perhaps deserved very much, how unusual was this happiness. And was it possible that all these things should be obscured, cast into the shade, by so small a matter as the sickness of a child P What had the baby ever done, to make itself of so much importance ? Nothing. It did not even understand the love it excited, and was incapable of- making any response. Its very life was little more than a mechanical life. The woman who fed it was far more to it than its father, and there was nothing excellent or noble in the world to which it would not prefer a glittering tinsel or a hideous doll. If the little thing had grown up, indeed, if it had developed human tastes and sympathies, and become a companion, an intel ligence, a creature with affections and thoughts — but that the whole house should be thus over whelmed with miserable anxiety and pain be cause of a being in the embryo state of existence, who could, neither respond nor understand, what a strange thing it was. No doubt this instinct had been implanted in order to preserve the germ and keep the race going ; but that it should thus develop into an absorbing passion and overshadow everything else in life was a proof how the natural gets exaggerated, and, if we do not take care, changes its character alto gether, mastering us instead of being kept in its fit place and in check, as it ought to be by sense and reason. From time to time, as Sir Tom made these reflections, there would flit across his mind, as across a mirror, something which was not thought, which was like a picture momen tarily presented before him. One of the most persistent of these, which flashed out and in upon his senses like a view in a magic lantern, was of that moment in the midst of tne Huny of the election when little Tom, held up in his mother's arms, had clapped his baby bands for bis father. This for a second would confound all his thoughts, and give his heart a pang as if some one had seized and pressed it with an iron .grasp ; but the next moment he would pick up the thread of bis reflections again, and go on with them. That, too, was merely mechanical, like all the little chap's existence np to this point. Poor little chap ! Here Sir Tom stopped in his course of thought, impeded by a -weight at his heart which he could not shake off, nor could he see the blurred and vague landscape round ?him — something more blinding even than the fog had got into his eyes. Then Sir Tom started, and his heart sprang up to his throat, beating loudly. It was not any thing of much importance, it was only the open ing of the window by which he himself had come out upon the terrace. He turned quickly, too anxious even to ask a question. If it had been a king's messenger bringing him news that affected the whole kingdom, he would have turned away with an impatient ' Pshaw I' or struck the intruder out of his way. But it was bis -wife, wrapped in a dressing-gown, pale with watching, her hair pushed back upon her fore head, her eyes unnaturally bright. * How is he P* cried Sir Tom, as if the question was one of life or death. Lucy told him, catching at his arm to support herself, that she thought there was a little im provement. ' I have been thinking so for the last hour, not daring to think it, and yet I felt sure ; and now nurse says so too. His breathing is easier. I have been on thorns to come and tell you, but I would not till I was quite sure.' ' Thank God ! God be praiBed !' eaid Sir Tom. He did not pretend to be a religious man on ordinary occasions, but at the present moment he had no time to think, and spoke from the bottom of his heart. He supported his little wife ten derly on one arm, and put back the disordered hair on her forehead. ' Now you will go and take a little rest, my darling/ he eaid. ' Not yet, not till the doctor comes. But you want it as much as 1/ ' No ; I had a long sleep on the sofa. We are all making fools of ourselves, Lucy. The poor little chap will be all right. We are poor crea tures. To think that you and I should make our selves so miserable over a little thing like that, that knows nothing about it, that has no Jeelings, that does not care a button for you and me/ ' Tom, what are you talking of ? Not of my boy, surely — not my boy P' ' Hush, my sweet. Well/ said Sir Tom, with a tremulous laugh, ' what is it but a little polypus, after all P that can do nothing but eat and sleep and crow, perhaps, and clap its little fat hands ;' he said, with the tears somehow getting into V»^« voice, and mingling with the laughter. ' I allow that I am contusing my metaphors/ At this moment the window opening upen the terrace jarred again, and another figure in a dres sing gown, dart and ghostlike, appeared beckon ing to Luny. ' My lady ! my lady !' Lucy let go her husband's arm, thrust \t\m away from her with passion, gave him one wild look of reproach, and flew noiselessly like a spirit after the nurse to her child. Sir Tom, with his laugh still wavering about his mouth, half hysterically, though he was no weakling, tottered along the terrace to the open window, and stood there leaning against it, scarcely breathing, the light gone out of his eyes, his whole soul sus pended, and every part of his strong body wait ing for what another moment might bring to pass. TO BH CONTDTCED. 