What is It ? WE are indebted to a subscriber residing in the Bingera district for the following description of an animal said to exist in that locality, and of whose strange appear- ance numerous unconnected witnesses vouch for. TARPAULIN CREEK, BY DUPLEX. 1. A thing is reported on Tarpaulin Creek, Most awesome, uncanny, it blanches the cheek ; Is it demon or brute ? 'Tis matter of doubt — Some call him a phantom, some beast out and out. 2\. Believers in spectres, well versed in folk-lore Say this is a common hob-goblin, no more ; But those who have seen, who have heard with their ears, Assign a more animal cause for their fears. 3. Another Australian strange lusus is this, Some aver, some make him the dead banned from bliss, A ghost fratricidal, sore, stricken with guilt, Who tells to the forest the blood he has spilt. 4 The sceptic, 'gainst both wage bantering war, As rare samples of wits wool- gathering afar, Each to him is but as a maundering Celt, With potheen in his brain, or dirk in his belt. 5. But, jest on as he may, this Tarpaulin Creek Is not a bad place the uncanny to seek, For here an accord, both of women and men, Has placed, at its head, this dire arch-outlaw's den. 6. Elsewhere, from a scrub that imprisons the light At midnoon, he plunges gaunt into the night ; But here, not so far from meek pasturing flocks, He dwells in a cave, 'mid impassable rocks. 7. The night is his portion, his kingdom, his home — There he reigns, and appals whoever may come ; But the few who have seen him by the sun-ray Pray that never again they meet such a day. 8. Ghoul, Gorgon, and Bluebeard, at various times, Have each been the theme of sensational rhymes ? But not one of all supernatural three Could prove a more dismal companion than he. 9. Weird dogs of the poets, the dragons of old, But once look at him — seem not much over-bold ; Nay, the three-headed guard, in fable,, of hell, The classical legend scarce pictures more fell. 10. At the gleam of his eye all courage is gone, His foot is turned backward, and his foot alone ; While, as to the grizzly dun hair an his breast, 'Twould scare the grim king of a cannibal feast. 11. Would you measure his strength, mark, through the bush glade, The egress those sinewy arms have there made ; Scan the mighty free boles, once prone now supine, Brief task for that hand as for child to count nine. 12\. 'Neath the clouded half-moon a man he oft seems, But from no human throat come those eerie screams — The roar of the man-eater, roused from his lair, Just so curdles the blood and stiffens the hair. 13. The termagant, storming her husband quite deaf, Quivers at that dread voice as quivers the leaf ; The hound, that would track fiercest men to the death, Flies—like craven cur—from the grey adder's breath. 14\. The night-coach, where road crosses creek, comes from town, With passengers skilfully rocked up and down ; Poor Jehu, a young man some two years ago, Now looks so quite altered, his years you can't know. 15. Not so many miles off are riflemen bold, They shoot for high honour, they scorn the base gold, But the coolest, deadliest shot in the clan Just touch on the thing—is no longer a man. 16. The carrier, by camp-fire beginning to dose, Gets, only by fits, his much- needed repose ; Old Bloomer, the staunchest, most tried of the team, Is off, quite a "flyer ;" it can't be a dream. 17. And, most certain it is, that bearded strong men, Who have met him but once won't meet him again ; They are wise—for, with frame like the gnarled oak stem, He could treat, as mere playthings, a score like them. 18\. Now read me the riddle, if read it you can, What vanquishes thus rifle, horse, dog, and man ; Come, speak with discretion, and tell it to me— This ogre of night ! — is he brute or Banshee ? || || "Ya'as," continued young Smythe, "I suppose everything created has some use, but 'pon me honah it's deuced hard to believe it, don't cher know ? " " Yes," replied the young lady, looking him over intelligently, "it is, indeed." A little girl had been visiting the " ragged school," and was sadly grieved with the rags and dirt of the poor children. At night, when she came to say her evening prayer she added to her usual petition these words : " And bless the poor ragged children ; and give them kind fathers and mothers, and new clothes, and give them all a bath. " || 