\- - :/ -Sftetcbei Fluke t Soniuxmo rpsearoh, espebiallyvnhen direoteel toihomoroobHoare andremotocoriditionB ;of animal lifo/has often a twofold mterest'/ iln itself/ oud' in tho marvellous Btrno'tural ,.adap- - ' fciitions revealed by, the miorosoope, tbb ; par- addition, the information thni obtained; miiy bo so praotically atili&ed; as to' minister to the preservation of health, and to . !ho improved rearing and cultivation ot animals and plants. An; 'inquiry, conducted three yeaxg; ago!' by Professor A/P. ThomQS,, at the instdnbo of the lloyal . Agrioultural . Sooiety " o! .England/ is nouoc&oio; in, ooiu-.tncso respeots,; / The .in quiry extended over a period of inbro than two ycara", ahd the object in view thronghout waa the discovery of tho origin and possiblo pre vention of .a . well-known and destructive di-' eca8o dffiecting .8heep and :othcr grazing ani mals, both in this country and abroad; and during the course of tho inquiry, which was a painstaking and exhaustive one, foots of ho small interest, from the view-point of natural history. Mono,' have been elicited/, ' ' ; ; . . . . ' By this discaso— liver- flake, . fluke ( disease! liver-rot/, as it is . variously termed— it hna ;bcbn estimated that aa; manyi bb ono > ihillibn sheep poxished annually,, in ''this- oountry. alono.Troui ' the offeots of tho malady, a loss \- whioh. vviis doubled, if not sometimes trebled, by. tho adyonthf a wot soason snob as 1879/ and whioh 4pes not indudo tho largo peroeht- ago of animals annually ' dying, iu America, Australia, "and . elso where from /tbo1- oamo: oauso« !t .was known -that ' tho disoaso vfM dad to tho presenoo;of a parasitio flat worm, in: greator; orvleBser numbers, together, with -ita eggs, in the . entrails of infeoted shosp, and also that flooks grazing habitually in law and; 'marshy pasturo-grounds wore generally more liablo .tmin.qfchQra to bo attaokod ;- but it was: notl imowh; prooisoly in what mannot, tho dlsoaso- waSinourred.' \- It was not until 1882 that' oarefai .oxpori- ,mout finally 'isuoooodod intraolng throughout iho /wonderful life-carccr of - tho livor- flako, -and: Shedding licht . tinnn- thn impnihilitv iof . the - prevention of ..tho/.floourgo.--; Into .' this latter question of prevention, we do hot dhtor! at present. Thoso who. are intorostdd/jprao; , tioully or othorvrise/in this branoh of tho dub- . = joot may oonfluU forf all particulars tho eoien- tifio journals : in whioh tho- results of this , inquiry firat appeared/ (800 Journal- of Royal \ 4(?rtcKffra2vSorfeii//No.'28i also! Quarterly . Joum-of-MemcopieaSoieneolot January/- 1883.,' 'For tho history of tho diQeaso, sco The Rot in Sheep, . by Professor Simonds ; Lon- : don i. Jolm: Murray, 18S0.) Even from n diototic point of viow, it is for tho tho- publio good that tha (license should ho oxtirpatcu, uu it is, well known that unwholeaomo ilropjlcnl. meat, from tho bodice of fiuko'-mfctod cheep, is frequently punheil 011 tlio marlcct. Nor-is this paraoito exolusivoly conilnod to tho lower animals. .16. -has. boon communioatcd to human beings, doubtless from itho consump tion of infected meat producing oyots in tlio , liver, AO. > . ' - -" - v /.. ' But it iu the initial results of . Professor Thomas exporimoats, thoao whioh'traco tho. progress of tho fluke from the crabryo to tho adult stago,. with Avhich. wo. havo to do at 'present.''.- ' Starting- from tho. previously. cbEervcd hut obscure rotationship said to oriat between tho larval forma of certain imaila. or slugs and tho liver-fluke, as found in tho care&aes; of nhcen and other infected baok-houed animals, it was dlacoYored, - after much careful ' cxaminatiou, that' a certain connection did exist bstwecn thorn, with this remarkablo circumotanco iu addition— that tho miuuto cyils,: or bags, .which contain :tho; embryo fluke, and whioh ero to be .found adharing to grac3 stalks ia come Eheop.paatnrcs, emanated, indeed, from tho body of one . partitiilar du:;cription of enail, hut hat this embryo p-araruta v/ns un doubtedly: derived— novcrar generations pro- viously, aiid iu quite another form—from tho Bheop .itself 1. . . . Tho original qrabryo-7not that which clings to gross Qtalks, but thoombryo thrco orfour . nencratlhua before, horn of theadqlt Quires egg—ia hatohed affcor tbo egg dropsviiora feuo :ohceji?a body,In marshy ground di|aac3, or ;tljon:attaohos itself to>hQ Bnaili vproduces iu tho snail's body - two BpmB- It-ihio ititesj. generations qf, puccg3y0rs, -fill . totaffy 'dissimilar from . tho original ' fiuk| The lost generation. aloiio quits tho Buafi, find,' absuming tho ". oyst " form, waits to be swat- Towofl by tho Bfazing animal; in ordot to no-- coma a fall-grown'flako. Tho flnko's. ptogony again go through tho transformation changes of their predecessors.; ,r:. ' OnoO' more, in. order to rondor :,tho roooss. oloar. . Taking tho adult .flnko— laying its oggo pnnoipally in tho bilo-duots of tho Bheop,, whioh it novor loavk-— as. the original parent, its bhildron, grandchildren/ ond; groat-grand-. ohildron, inhabiting tho Bnall, aro all totally, different in; appoarnnbo from their .original progenitor— most, pi; tlio genorations differ ing also .frbmeaoh othor. It ii only tbo fourth, though Eomotimcs the third gonoratlon, whioh, changing -.its form., to a migratory one, - is enabled therbbyto loavo tho snail, and nltima- taly toassamothooyst form, adaptedto prp- daoo in . timo the veritablo. flnko onoe more. Naturalists . torm this . procass, one . not . an- kn ovm in cihcr fonn3 ol lifo, "alteration of generation, or 'metagencbls, . 1 . -: - . The appearance of the fall-grown flnko (Fatciola Jiepatlc a) is wdlrknown to Bheop- fbrmors and others.' It Is ol an oval or leaf-; liko shape/ not unlike aomaUflonndor or flnko (honob the name at tho worm), palo brown in color, and ranging in sizo from an inch to on inoh ond a third ulongth— though .occasion-. ally mnoh smnuor, even tho twonty-fonrth of. ah inoh— and in broadth about bolt its own length. A projboting. portion is soon at the head, with a mouth placed in tho ccntroof a small suekcr at tho tip, by which iho flake attaches itsolf. Ovortwohnndrcd flukes havo been found in the, liver /of a singlo shcap. Each/ ono is' ostimntod ' to prodace soma hundrods. "of thousands / of dggs. Ehoh of tho eggs .contains bha ;bmbryo, whioh, whan fall grown,; is nearly the length of the egg— tho spare . ogg-snaoo np. to' that timo being, filled .with tlio food-stiff to bapport it till hatched. As long as tho ogg contmnos in tho body of tho shebp, it romams inert. It-is onlywhon dropped— as thoy nro from timo to' timo in great nnmbors. by tho animal — and alighting noon wet ground, or on water in ditehes or drains,, that, undcr favorahlo .'conditions of heat, &o.;, tbo embryo at longth comes forth. .Tho timo whioh clapoos boforo tho egg is hatched is extremely variablo. . Viewed throagh a'mioroEeopo. tho egg, 'whioh is only ths two-hundredth of . an inoh in diameter, may ba Been to contain tho embryo, which isnnliko its parent in overy. way, and will never show any traco oi family likoncss to it. It is in tho Bhaps of a sngar- loat, with -a slight projecting point at tho broader end, and two rudimentary oyes near tho same. Whon .hatohed on damp ground or in water, it swims frcoly about with tho broader end forward, liko a boat propelled stern foremost. Tho whole ot its body, ox- cept tho projecting horn, wbleh ia drawn in when swimming, is covered with long waving hairs, or cilia, whieh, being moved back wards and forwards, servo as oars, or pad- dies, to propel it through tho water. Swimming with a restless rovolving motion through tho water, tho embryo begins to search for auitablq qnartera-i-in other words, to find a snail wherein to quarter Itsolf. It is not casilv satisfied, although snails, generally speaking, nreplentitnl enough, Indeod it has been defi- nitely ascertained tbntolall tho known desorip- tionsofsnails tbora aro only tua whioh the em- byro oyer attacks. 0! these two species, only, oneisapparbnilv eaitablo as a dwelling,' thoca who enter tho othoir pbriohing Bhortly after admittaboo'. 'The only snitablo snail is b very insignifloant frooh-wator ono, Zinnaue .trunca- tulur, . with n brown epirol eboll. It ia only from a" qnartor to n half inoh in sizo, and seemnt'o have ho uopnlar namo. /It is to ho: found very /widely diatributed tliroagh . tko world.' ' Bald to'brcod in mud of ditohes and 'drains, it is so far amphibious as < to wandor . far from water. It' can alio remaui dry for a Ibngthehod poribd; ahdcven' when/hpparontly; quitbohrivellednp'f orlaok olmoisture.re- yives with a shower of rain. ;, ' . Tho.'embyro;_Impws/;this anail from all others ;.:plsobd: in' a basin of water, with many other Bpeeiop nt snails, it at onoo.singlod' this ono onti'toBoryo as an intermedials host. Int to thb/soft. portion, of tho snail's body, tho embyio aeoordingly begins: to make, its' way. Pressing tha. boring. horn or tool of its head against tho yielding, fleoh of tlw snail, tlio ombyTo advances with a rotary motion like a sorow-drivor, aided by tho constant movement of tbo cilia. Tho borer, .as. itpioross tlio snail, grows longer and longer," and 'finally operating . ,RS a wedgo, n ront io ovontually made sufficiently largo: jd admit tho unbidden ghost: bodily, to tho lodgings it will nevor quit.- It settles, nt'.oUco in or hoar .tho lung of tho snail; thord to food on thh jnioos of tho animal. Tha paddla-like cilia;: now asoless, aro thrown off;' tho' oyes booomo.indiBtinot-; it:oubsideo into a mere bag of gorrns, as it ohangos to a foundyr', form, and becomes . in other words n spofocyst, .or bladder ot gonna— for. this animal, nhliko its .egg-laying . parent, pro- vdnoes.its yonng. nlivo within itsolf.- : : , ; . This, -.then, is tho first . staga — tbo . ombryo, from tho flnko's egg; migrates to, and beeomos a sporooyet in tho snail's body. , The germs'; inaido/'. tbo'; sporooyat in time home to maturity,- conhnenoinjj : the pxistohco ot. tho second- generation, which are oallod redia., ThcBo gcrma nnmberfromBix, to/.thn jui./eaoh. /sporooyst ; -.thoy grow: daily more elongated in form, and ono by one icavo the parent , by breaking thrpngh: the body-walie, tho rant whioh is thuo inado closing hp behind them, . Thoee /rcciia: tbns born, nevor .leave, the snail. Thov aro, howovor, differont from iho sporooyet, boing' about tho tWontietliof hn. inoh,; in -adnlt . sizo,; haoKJikh /in 'shape, furnished with ii month, and also With on in testine. Two:protnboronoes behind eorvo tho nnimhl for lege; for,' unlike: the; spprooyBt, the redim: dooh not /romhin'/iri ono part of its honse,'. but/travels- baokivords - undforV/ards; proying obiefly on tho Hvar' of the snail; and g6homUy.r;:dofiig'-''a-:-,:8at.videBl' '-.'of 'dambgo. Finally, -indebd, theso, 'parasites .doatroy their host; together; - r.'.: In the ; bodies ot ' tho rcdiVc— co c'allod, after Eodi, ' tho nnotomiot— tho tliird gonbration iigain is. formed in gorpi fashioa/ jThe naturo of. this third;;goiioration yarios. . Media, may : in. thrh.prpdnoo redile'likb'.thomBolvos, tonants. of thp snail ior lifo; 0/ thoy. may, prodnoo' another form, totally dissimilar; ono whioh is fitted tot quitting tho snail and cntoring on- ariothcr /modo of oxintonoo; This obango; howovor, takes plaho eithor in tho first genera tion x'roduced by tho redia, or, at latest, in: the Beoond; more frequently in the latter. At; first, this now form appoars like tho yonng of the oporobyot;' But wljon oithor in tho' ohildron or the. grandchildren of tho firsti redia, this etago is reached, the animal under-' goes , a remarkable oiirmgo, to fit it for now surroundings. It in to ba.nn omigiant, nnd done for that pmpoae a tail twicu as long as itself. ' It is thon termod a cercarid, and is ohapdd liko a tadpolo. .To .reeapitulate, then. A ccrcaria may thus bo the young ol tho reditu, cither of tho first or second generation ; and tho redits again eprang from the ebporooyst, whioh is tho oftor-formatiori or tho fluko'o embryo. Thoso cercarltc, or; tad-polo' shaped animals, aro flat and oval in the body, about tho ninetieth oi ;an inoli.in Tongtb, and tail 'more than tv/ioo 'as long. . Thoy csoapo fpom tho parent redia by a natural orifice, efawl Out of the snail, and enter on a now lilo. . Its existence as a cercarid in tliin ntylo will muoh depend on the loosiity oi tho anail for tho time beiug. It it ..should -find itself in water fjlion quitting tlio eauil, tho ccrcaria, attaches itsolf when swim ming to. tho ctalke of nqnatio plants ; or if in 'confinement, to tlio walls of the aquarium. If the snail io in A field or on tho edge of a ditoh or pool, the ccrcaria on leaving piocesda to fix itself to the Gtallm or lower loaves of grass near tho roots; , In overy caco tlio result in tho samo. Gathering itself up into a round ball on coming to rest, a gummy oubstaticooxudcs from H10 body, forming a round white onvo- ,lcpo; the tail, being violently agitatedj.falls off,, and' tho round .body left, hardening axternally with: exposure, tlio oyst or bladder — measuring about tho hundredth of an inoh aoross — is complete. .Every, oyat opntains. n . young- fluke, ready -lo/.aio.- matured ohfy tohen twallovcr.d h'j rnme gtt'.ziny animdl, theft qj it »/ii;.-p.'.i:Tili, that lisppciis;. tlio (UikO:Vvil!iin remains, inert;, and iknot BwalloweiV, thu3 .within : a rlq-yiw-ppliS, thji;r in .-uato of '-..tho :-oyot finally' 'perishes.- Oi'thik romarkablo family; howcvcr. a sufficient nnm- bor outlivo lha changes and rioks of thoir .lifo- hletory to rendor tho disoaso caused by the snrvivofu a ooribns scourge. -/.,.:. ' i It is to bo hoped that tho furtbor results of chrofnTingniry.lnto tho habits of thoso para sites will hays tho effect of ; rodnoing tho evil to a minimum,— C/V.nk'rs Jc:;n:ai. / , . 