CHAPTER XV. "VBNOBANOB IS MINE." An awful silence lay over the great city, The death angel had set his sign and seal upon the door posts of the dwellings, and there were few Indeed that escapad ; for the awful scourge of yellow fever waa devastating beautiful New Orleans, the memor- able epidemic of '78. In nearly every dwelling there were dead and dy- ing. Everywhere were the moat harrowing scenes of suffering and anguish and mod despair. No sound broke the awful silence of the deserted streets, save the slow, solemn ramble of the dead carte, and the hoarse voices of the driven as they baited before the doora Tilth that ominous, that horrible cry, " Bring out your diadf . Ah ! those were days of dark despair ; when even to the faithful trusting heart of the Christian it seemed at ti mes, as though God hadjforgottan to be gracious, and waa casting na off in bitter anger " taking vengeance of our sins." " Spare us oh, God I Spare thy people I" was the cry that went up like a wail from bruised and breaking hearts; yet still the death-roll waa called, and still the dead were laid away in the tombs and hastily prepared graves ; and still the fearful work went on, What would have been the fate of New Orleans in that hour of horrible pestilence, but for the good sisters of charity, who, with the other self-sacrifioing men and women, do voting their lives to this heroic work, went from house to houis, laying their lives upon the altar of sacrifice cheerfully-willingly, for God's sake, and the sake of their suffering fellow creatures. In that dark hour »11 craedi wera forgotten, and naught wna remenbered aave the one common tie of humanity J The convent of St. Hildegrade had sent forth all Ita inmatei, save two or three aged sisters, who re- mained to keep a light in the window for those who might be spared to return, During all these long, weary years, Ruth Carroll had made her home at the convent. She had never taken the ¡black vail, and was still permitted to return to the world ii she so elected ; bat to her heart there was nothing one-halt ao dear as the weather-stained ivy-grown, walla of the old grey convent. Life, for bar, waa done. Love was gone, and all other happiness had followed in its wake, save the pure happiness of doing good. "To visit the widows and the fatherless in their affliction, and to kesp one's self unspotted from the world." It was a sultry, breathless evening in July, when Ruth stood beiido Edith Vandeleur's death-bed; where she lay in the last agonies of the feorf al fever. Ruth did all that human skill could do, but in vain. The beautiful dark eysi closed upon this world, and with prayers for forgiveness trembling on her lips the soul of Edith Vandslaur pawed »way, After a fearful atruggle for exiatence, Tiny bad ria ally recovered but she would never be robust again. Paul's love hedged her in from all trouble, and away in fair Italy she was gradually regaining strength and became more in love with Hie every day. Gay Rossiter, her father, whom she had loved with a passionate love all her life-long, waa with them, He never mentioned Essioa ; ha had dropped her from his life, and her name waa spoken only their prayers. Gordon Carroll had been long ago set free, and the real culprit-the would-be assassin of poor Tiny, had confessed the truth. Pearl Dalzell was the guilty creature who had fired the shot ; and it was only circumstantial evidence that had condemned Gordon. Bnt before it was too late, Pearl confessed the truth, end was freely forgiven, A penitent, sorrowing woman-she lived alone with her mother the rest of her days, striving earnestly to atone for the past wrong- doing; happier than she had ever been in her life. Gordon went back to Italy with his foster mother. Some years afterward he married a beautiful young Flazentine, and "they lived hap- pily ever afterward," And Ruth Carroll, too, found paradise-even in her later days. For, a year after Edith waa laid away in the quiet marble tomb of the Dsrrlngtons, John Yandelear sought Ruth at the convent and begged her to become his wife. The fever scourge had departed now, and the old Crescent City was rapidly rising above the dark clonds, as it always has arisen from the billows of tribulation, which have rolled over it mountain high : and peace and prosperity were reigning again. So Both married her old lover ¡and it was found that Edith, in her sorrow and remorse, had bequeathed her entire for- tune to the weman whom she had so bitterly wronged, . '« . * . * Weeks, months, years rolled away, and Esaica Rossiter wai seen no more. Her name waa never mentioned ; and even the memory of her wes for- gotten, save by two or three hearts that could net forget. One day-one never tofbe forgotton day, Guy, who had returned to Kew Orleans with his children, sa he called Paul and Tiny, proposed a trip to Law- rence Park, It waB necesBary to look after the old place, he said; and sa, overcoming the reluctance which weighed so strangely upon them, the three went out to the beautiful surburban »átate. Rain, desolation, decay everywhere, The old bouse which was quite deserted, and given over to the bats and owls, and the traditional ghost, looked ' like an immense mausoleum, as it stood in the midst af the great Park, a gaunt spectre of a house, all covered with,fungas and lichen, and all about the long, gray barriers of moss, which trailed lifie funeral badges from the skeleton arms of the giant oaks. In silence and awe they entered the deserted house -entered the library, the same room wherein Geof- frey Lawrence had «At years and yeara ago, when through the driving storm and darkness, that young girl had forced her way to his aide, to demand the rights of home and shelter for her dying mother. Paul waB the first to enter the room. He started back, with a wild cry of horror frozen upon his Ups. Dast-dust-everywhere. Aa the spider satirically weaves its web| over the vaunting epitaph on the tombstone, so it had woven silvery threads over that horrid object which lay upon the floor at their feet -a heap of bones !-a human skelet*n I Fragments of what badlonce bsenjcoetly garments were scattered about upon the dust-piled boards, and from one bony, fleshlees hand a gold ring hod fallen, and lay upon a heap of dust-a ghastly symbol I Trembling and panting, Guy stooped and picked it up, A broad, plain band of gold-a wedding-ring With a dreadful foreboding, he glanced within the golden circlet, and saw engraven there : "ESSIOA mon GUY," His own wedding-ring 1 They knew then thatlthis heap of bones, this remnant of humanity, was all that remained of the most beautiful woman of her day-she who had bartered her own soul to satisfy a debt of vengeance, The poor bones were removed, and buried In the Lawrence tomb, end upon the door they carved this fitting legend : " Vengeance is mine ; /will repay, Baith the Lord." [THE END.] 