Ordination Service at St. Mary's Church, West Maitland. On Sunday last, the Lord Bishop oE Newcastle ordained, in St. Man's Church, West Maitland, two candidates for the diaconate. The new deacons are brothers, the elder's name being John King Brown, and ena younger's GsoTge Morehead Brown. The Rev. J. K. Brown has been miuistenng for some time as catechist at St. Alb.Ws, Macdonald River, and the Rev. G. M. Brown bas baen serving in a similar capacity at Bul ebdelah, the Lake district, and Bungwall Flat, in (be parish of Stroud. Both gentlemen, we have been informed, passed an examination highly creditable to them, considering the circumstances in weich tbey have been obliged to pursue the studies which the Bishop enjoins before he will ordain. To avoid a crush at the ordination Csremocy, morning service weisaid by the incumbent, the Rev. W. H. H. Yarrington, at nina o'clock, to a con- gregation which numbered over two hundred people. The consequence was that at eleven o'clock the church though well filled, was not by any means crowded. Atter hymn 191 " O Day of rest and glad- ness" was Bung, the Rev. W. H, H. Yarrington de- livered the following ordination address, which contrary to custom we print verb itim, at the special request of some of the rev. gentleman's parishioners : n Timothy iv, 5.-But watch thoa in all things, endure afflictions, do toe work of an Evangelist, make full proof of thy ministry. In the Revised Version this text reads some, what differently, "Be sober in all things,'suffer hardships, do the work of an Evangelist, fulfil thy ministry." The difhrence ia thought is, however, very slight. Originally the advice contained in this portion ot Scripture was addre»Bed by St. Paul to his beloved and faithful son in the Lord, timothy. Ia the Pastoral Epistles many like words of counsel, exhortation, and encouragement are addressed to those engaged in the work of the ministry. The text is therefore most appropriate on such an occasion as the present when an ordination of deacons is to take place. With regard to the special office and duty of deacons it may suffice briefly to say that it is the first step in the three offices or orders of the Christian ministry bishops, priests, and deacons. In the preface to the Ordinal it is etat«d that ii is evident unto all men diligently reading the Holy Scriptures and Ancient Authors that from the Apostles' time there bave been these orders of ministers in Christ's Church (bishops,priests, and deacons) which offices were ever- more held in such reverend estimation that no man might presume to execute any of them except be were first called, tried, and examined, and known to have such qualities as are requisite for the same. It is generally held tba*. a close analogy exists between the Aaronic priesthood of the old dispensation and the evangelical ministry oi the n*w covenant. Our Saviour instituted only two orders when upon earth, viz., that of the twelve Apostles representing I the patriarchs of the Twelve Tribea of Israel and secondly the order of the .0 disciples who were analogous to the 70 elders of the Jews elected by Moses to govern the Israelites. Here then there were (it is held) three orders Christ being head, next the Apostles, and thirdly the disciples. Again, when our Lord bad ascended he left three orders tocoatinue the work of the ministry, viz, Apostles, Elders, and Deacons. Next there were (1) persons called Angels (as Timothy and Titus)-the angels of the churches, as they are designated io. the Book of Revelation ; (2) Elders or presbyters, who are also sometime called Bishops ; and (3 ) Deacons. The name of Bis- hop at length after >he death of the-Apostles and Angels appears to have been limited to a superior order oí pastóte, who exercised supervision over a number of churches and their mini-ters-the second place being held by Presbyters or Elders, and again the third place being occupied by the Order of Deacons. The argument from history is also most powerful. There are many questions connected with these orders and offices on which I do not now touch. One of the most remarkable statements put tortb in support of this three-told order, and one of great weight, is made by Hooker, the great de- fender of the polity of the Church of England. In reply to the sectaries who maintained that there should be no church government which could not be warranted by Scripture he says " If we did seek to maintain that which moBt advantageth our own cause the very best way for us and tke strongest against tbem were to hold uven as they do that in Scripture there muBt needs be found some particular form of church polity which God bath instituted and which for that very cause belongeth to all churches at all times. But (continues this great writer) with any such partial eye to respect ourselves and by cunning to make those thingB seem the truest which are fittest to serve our purpose is a thing which we neither like nor mean to follow." With regard then to deacons «pecialiy we read in the sixth chapter of ActB that when there arose a murmuring of the Grecians (i.e., the Hellenists, or Greek speaking Jews, of whom there were a great number), against the Hebrews because the widows of those were neglected in tbe daily ministration, the peopleelected " the Seven Men" of good report, full o i the Spirit and of wisdom whom the twelve afterwards ordained by prayer and tbe laying on of hands. It ÍB true that these seven (of whom Stephen, that bright and ilorioua protomartyr, who so soon gained his crown was chief, and also Philip the Evangelist was one) are nowhere called Deacons ia the New Testament, yet they are afterwards identified as such. These seven deacons and the deacons spoken of in the Pastoral Epistles were not limited in their office to the humbler duties of attending to or serving or ministering to tables but were permitted to preach and to baptize. The altered circumstances of the church have entirely annulled the duty ot attending to the secular work performed by the first deacons and now deacons are entirely devoted to spiritual labours. The meaning of the word deacon in the original is simply one who serves, and is exactly equivalent to the Latin word minister-a servant-thus Minister and Deacon were originally convertible terms, The order of deacons is then a holy order of ministers, whose duty it is to assist in ministering in holy things, to preach if so licensed by the Bishop, and generally to help a senior minister or priest, in the discharge of his sacred duties. The office, therefore, of deacon should bo held in high honour for the work's s»ke, Such an occasion RB the present naturally leads us to the consideration of the Christian ministry generally, and I propose as briefly as may be to speak of it under the following divisions ¡-First the offico, second the qualifications and duties, and third the difficulties and encouragements, which a Christian minister experiences, And first as to the office gene- rally of the christian ministry. There are some persons in the present day, who are saying " what need is there of an ordained ministry in the Church ? Cannot any one take upon himself the office of preach- ing 'and administering the Sacraments, without any previous examination, training, or ordination ?" And not only do the enemies of the Church of Christ say this, but we actually find that good and well meaning though mistaken Christian people are saying the same thing, and people are practically teaching that any and every one can if he so chooBe assume the office of the ministry, Let us then inquire whether this is in accordance with the teaching and example which we have set before us plainly in the New Testament, We must acknowledge that we can have no safer guide than the ScriptureB on any point upon which they speak 1 with clearness and decision. Whatever may be the ' peculiar and distinct views which may be held by different sections or denominations of Christians as to the Christian ministry, and as to the validity of Orders, there is a substantial agreement as to this one point, namely, that in the New Testament the work of the ministry is spoken of ai a special office, and as such, a separate and specifio work in the advancement of the Redeemer's kingdom upon earth-in the spread of the Gospel, and in the edification and comfort of the members of Christ. In order to understand this we need only remember how Christ chose twelve men to be his Apostles. All his disciples were not Apostles. When Christ ascended on high he gave gifts unto men, and he gave some to be Apostles and some prophets, and some evangelists, and Borne pastors and teachers: for the perfecting of the saints, unto th» work of ministering, unto the build- ing up of the body of Christ. In another place we read-" Whosoever shall call upon the name of the Lord shall be saved. How then shall they call on bim is whom tbey have not believed ; and how shall tbey believe in him, of whom they have not heard P and bow shall tbey hear without a preacher ? And bow shall they preach except they be Bent P Even as it is written ' How beautiful are the feet of them that bring glad tidings of good things !' " From this passage evidently a special mtsBion or sending is im- plied-How shall they preach except they be sent P< i.e., specially prepared and commissioned for their work of preaching by the Holy Ghost. In a remark-1 able passage in the Epistle to the Hebrews, the writer declaras th«t even the Messiah himself WHB specially anointed, prepared, and sent for the office of Higb priest, and in order to show his preeminence over the High priesthood of tbe old Jewish dispensation, it is said every High priest being taken trom among men is appointed for men in things pertaining to God, who can bear gently with the ignorance and erring, for that he himself also is compassed with in- firmity. Aud no man taketh the honour unto him- self, but when be is called of God, even as was Aaron, So Christ also glorified not himself to be mide a high pneBt, but He, i e. God, that spake unto him " Thou art my son,' this day have I begotten thee 1" as he s nth also in another place 'Ttnuart a priest for ever after the order of Melchizedec' In his Epistle to the Corinthians St Paul speaks of the Christian Church as a ' body.' The different members of the body have each a different office as the eye or the ear, the hand or the foot-some hav- ing more honour than others, and then he BBJS "Now are ye the body of Christ and members in par- ticular, and God hath set some m the church first apostles, secondarily prophets, thirdly teachers Are all Apostles, are all prophets, are all teachers, are nil workers of miracles ? Have eil the gifts of heal- ing, do all speak with tongues, do all interpret ?" The same thought of the distinct office of the ministry is brought out in the Epistle to Romans : Having then gilts differing according to the grace that is given to us, whether prophecy let us prophesy according to the proportion of faith, or ministry let us wait on our miniBtering, or he that teacheth on teaching, or be that exhortetb on exhortation, or he that give h let him do it with simplicity." Jesus said " Ye have not chosen me, but I bave chosen you and ordained you." Many other similar passages might ba quoted these must suffice to establish the fact that the ministry waa evidently in tended to be a distinct and peculiar office in the Church. rbosB who hold laxîr views often quote the text from Revelation-" The Spirit and the Bride Bay say 'come,' and let him that heareth say 'come," and let bim that is athirst come, and whosoever will let him take tbo- water of life freely." It is a ud-Is not this a commission to all, without exception, to invite people to come to Christ P In quoting such a passage in this way these persona only show that they hare not studied, and consequently do not understand the words. But it must ba remembered Jesus just before said "Lo, I come quickly" lho Church then say» to Jesus (not to men) " Come,-even so, come Lord Jesus. ' And those who pray to Jesus to come must themselves come to Him for the water of life. Bat although every one may not take upon himself the office of the Ministry, yet all men are undoubtedly bound to do whatever lies in their power, both by teaching in Sunday schools, by example and by word, to bring others to a Knowledge of Christ This is a very different matter from b coming tbe ordained Ministers of the Church. (2 ) Another point suggests itself with regard to the office of the Ministry under the mw dispensation, and it is this, viz ' The Christian Ministry is tar higher thun the Miuietrj of tbe priesthood under the old dispense, tion Of our Saviour himse'f it is said "Now hath He obtained a Ministry the more excellent, by how much also He is the mediator of a better covenant which hath buen enacted upon better promises, for if that first covenant had been faultless, then would no place bave been sought for a second " The Levitical priesthood was a sacrificing priesthood-a sacer- dotal order. The sacrifices were only a shadow of good things to come. Christ by his " one" oblation once offered abolished the priesthood and its sacri- ficial work, which had waxed old and therefore vanished away. It was not continued in the Christian Ministry, and no argument as to the offering up ot the Holy Communion, or the Mass, as a " memorial sacrifice," can stand in the light of the plain teaching of Christ, or the purely spiritual character of the New Testament. Yes, brethren, the Christian Ministry ia far higher than the old and needs no meretricious aids for un- worthy rimal to enhance its true greatness, Not that we are sufficient of ourselves to think anytbiog as of ourselves, but our sufficiency is of God, whe also bath made us able ministers of the New Testament, Not of the letter, but of the Spirit, for the letter killeth, bat the Spirit giveth life But if the ministration of death, written and engraven m stones, was glorious, which glory was to be done away, how shall not the ministration of the Spirit be rather glorious?-if that which ia done away was glorious, much more that which remainetb is glorious Secondly.-Let us pass on in the second place to consider the qualifications and duties of the Christian mioistry. The Christian Minister should in the first plice be one who has been " bom again" one who has undergone that great mysterious change of heart which can alone be effected by the Holy Spirit, He must deeply have mourned over his own sinfulness and liability to fallend then be (feeling his personal need of a Saviour) must have gone to the foot of the cross. He musc bave experienced the fact that the blood of Jesus Christ has cleansed him from all his sins. Ha muse himself bave been washed in the fountain open for sin and for all uncleannesB He must himself have put on the wedding garment and hava been clothed with the robe of Christ's righteousness ; and, as a resultot this personal conse- cration he must have felt the love of Christ con- straining him, so that be should live no longer unto himself, but unto Christ who died tor him. Then in the second place he must feel in his heart, a deep, a passionate, an earnest love for the souls of men. He muet have the same spirit which the Saviour had who came to seek and to save the souls of men. Who can express the inestimable value of every human soul ! The Christian minister should look upon each human being as possessing an immortal soul, and he should be filled with the earnest desire of being the means of saving even that one soul. This has been the mighty passion which has led thousands of missionary martyrs to give up every thing in this world and to go forth to heathen lands to save the immortal souls of poor be- nighted heathen tribes.. No man can be a true minister unlesB he has been smitten with this love of souls. " They watch for your souls (says St. Paul) as they that must give an account." In order to be an efficient minister a man should possess many personal gifts, such as some intellectual power, tbe power of speech, knowledge, physical strength to perform his arduous duties, and many other qualifications of which I cannot now speak. But there is one essential which must not be for- gotten, and that is the power of sympathy. He must be able deeply and truly to sympathise with the failings, the struggles, and the sorrows of all. Having then such qualifications, the minister's duty should be, first and foremost to "preach Christ," St. Paul determined to know nothing among the Corinthians eave Christ and Him crucified. And this is the greatest and grandest work of the Christian ministry-the heralding of the Gospel. And what is it to preach Christ P Not, surely, simply to reiterate His name, but to declare in an intelli- gent and earnest manner the great truths of the Christian religion.. To (how how ChriBt id the Eternal Word-the Son of God, who became incar- nate that He might save the world by His death upon the cross-to preach the divinity of the Son of Man-the white blamelessnesa of His perfect life. To preach Christ is to enforce the teaobing of Christ as contained in the Sermon on the Mount-in the parables and other words of Christ and in the in- spired teaching of the Apostles and others as con- tained in the New Testament, Thus will the Christian minister, by his life and doctrine, set forth the glory of God and Bat forward the salvation of all men. " Wbsreforeif any man (says St. Paul) is in Christ, he is a new creature ; old things are passed away ; behold they are become new. But all thingB are of God, who reconciled us to Himself through Christ, and gave unto UB the ministry of reconciliation; to wit, that God was in Christ, recon- ciling the world to Himself, not reckoning unto them their trespasses, and having committed unto us tbe word of reconciliation. We are ambassadors there- fore on behalf of Christ, as though God were invest- ing by us: We beseech you on behalf of Christ, be ye reconciled to God." And, oh, with what earnest- ness ought men to be intreated to be reconciled, Any one who really feels himself to bs an ambassador for Christ will not be satisfied to preach in a perfunctory and careless manner. He will intreat with all the force of ono who has a message from HeavoD. And does not that word ambassador recall what I said under a former division of this sermon P What would you think of one who should visit a foreign court and represent himself as ambassador from the Queen ot England P He would be asked-Where are your credentials P Have you bsen properly sent P HBveyou your commission? Would not anyone not having such credentials be presuming in the highest degree. And so those who take an office without being called or sent, are like those foolish ones who daringly rush in where angels fear to tread. I might here dwell upon the manner of preaching and point out how necessary it is to be in earnest in delivering your message, whether it be written or extemporaneous. Whichever it may be, let the com- position and subject be your own, and it will, if feelingly delivered, go to the hearts of your hearers, And here I would touch upon» topic of some general interest in connection with preaching. There ara some who tell us that the pulpit te losing its power, that it is degenerating, and will one day become a thing of the past. Tbey tell us that the Press and the platform are taking its place. It may be true that the pulpit is not used for such political purposes as it served in the days of our forefathers, when people flocked around the pulpit at Paul's Cross to listen to political discourses, personal allusions, and public discussion of national questions. This use of the pulpit has been well and wisely yielded to the Press and the platform, while the purer and nobler work of proclaim rng the Gospel has been reserved to the preacher. No one will more readily concede the mighty power and influence for good or ill which may be wielded by the Press, but at the same time no one will maintain more strongly than I, that the power of the living voice and earnestness of a personal faith as witneesed in the preaching and life of a true minister of Christ never oan be dispensed with, and never will be sis pended. Why P Because it is a divinely appointed means for extending the kingdom of Christ, »ho at , MB departure commissioned his disciples in these * words, .' Go into all nations and make disciples, bap- tizing them in tbenameof theFather,and the Son, and the Holy Ghost, teaching them to observe all things , whatsoever I command you ; and lo, I am with yon alway, even unto the end of the world." We have this treasure in earthen vessels that the excellency of the power may be of God, and not of us. But v beside the work of preaching-" warning every man and teaching every man that be may present every man perfect in Christ Jesus"-there are many other duties which a Christian minister has to perform, but on which I may not dwell. He must not be content with a low standard ot personal piety, seeing that ho must be an ensample to the flock. He muse not be sutiafled with low attainments either in himself or iii others. He must aim at a perfect standard-at a close likeness to the bright example which we have in Jesus - and this we must pray may be wrought in us by means of the» sanctifying power of the Holy Spirit, In fervent piety, lofty virtues, noble aims, a spirit of self' denying and boundless charity and benevolence, undaunted moral courage, a tender sympathy, gentleness, patience, humility and love; a conscience void of offence towards God and man, and an earnest desire and ambition to spend and be spent for the good of our fellow men-these are some of the excellencies which should characterise the Christian minister. He muet be a man of study-storing his mind with the great doctrines of God's word, in order that be may be mighty in the Scriptures,, bringing forth for the instruction of bis people > things both new and old. Not only, however, must be study Divinity, but he must keep abreast of tho thought and science of the age, and be ready always' to cope with the various questions relating to 'religion which ore constantly arising, In tb» services of the church it will be his duty to administer the Sacraments of Baptism and tbe Lord's Supper, and to prepare tbe candidates for confirmation, with watchful care over the lambs of tbe flock. In hiB parish the minister will find his hardest end most anxious work. His duty will be to visit every house as often as he can find the time to do so-not for idle conversation, but in order to say a word in season and interest people in the work of the church. Often a word spoken in private will have more weight than many sermona. One of the moBt important, and at the same time most anxious engagements of the pastor will be the visitation of the sick and dying, and ministering comfort to the broken-hearted, by offering tbem the consolations of Him who said " Let not your heart be troubled, ye believe in God, believe also in me. There are many other subjects on which I might speak at great length, but I must dwell biiefl>-on the last division of my subject, viz-the difficulties and encouragements of a clergyman's work. One of the greatest difficulties of the pastor's life will be found in the natural opposition of the minds of men to the reception of divine truth. The minister's life is not all an easy and a flowery path. 1 here are many thorns and briars which beset his way. He will after the most arduous labour and anxious prayer, find that bis message is despised and neglected by the very persons whom he has been most anxious to benefis. Very often thoBe for whom be has toiled most and been most willing to help are just those who will be ungratefn^ and , who will be the first ty ~>Qa¿" i&nn; Witá'-"* and neglect his ministrations. Again the Minister is placed in BO conspicuous a/ position that he is the object of constant rem»rk/and is the subject of daily criticism and fréquent -r^isrepresentation. This is one of the severest of his trials; when thus grieved be must remember that bis Master was despised and rejected ot men, and that he was constantly miBunderatood and cruelly misrepresented, f At this point the preacher alluded in very feeling terms to the decease of Mrs. Becaett and ot Mr. Samuel Owen, who had the previous day been committed to his laBt resting-place. He said the strongest conso- lation in such cases of bereavement was the thought that those who had gone before had departed in the' true faith, and had entered into the rest thatremain eth for the people of ftod."] He went on : But at the same time that there are theee sore trials, the minister will have his consolations and encourage- ments. Every genuine and worthy pastor who preaches the Word, however imperfectly, yet in Bit ceri ty and truth, will find his work appreciated by thrit true Christian element in his congregation, and his bands will be strengthened by the prayers and sympathy of Goo's own people. The well known lines of Bishop Ken admirably sum up the many characters, duties and requirements of the minister : Give me the prltst whose graces shall possess Of an ambassador the j IIB t address ; A father's tenderness; a shepherd's care; A leader's courage which tbe cross can bear ; A ruler's awe, a watchman's wakeful eye ; A pilot's skill, tbe helm in storms to ply ; A fisher's patience and a labourer's toll; A guide's dexterity to disembroil ; ¡ A prophet's inspiration from above ; , A teacher'» knowledge and a baviour's lore. When we think of all that is thus required of us as ministers well may we exclaim Who is sufficient for these things P Our sufficiency truly is of God. At this point I would say that I am only expressing the B'ncere desire and earnest prayer of all present that God may abundantly bleBB the labours of tbe> two candidates who are about to be ordained, It is an interesting fact that they are brothers. We read of the brothers Andrew and Simon Peter, and of the brothers John and James, who consecrated them- selves to the service of God, and were among the number of the apostles. It would be a great blessing to the church, if more young men of education and ability consecrated themselves to the office of the ministry. The harvest truly is great, and the labourers few : let us pray the Lord of the harvest, that He will send forth more labouiers. I will con- clude with the words of the apostle which form the immediate context to the passage on which I have been speaking, and hope that the brothers who are this day to be Bet «part for the ministry may each. say when they pass hence : 1 have fought a good fight, I have finished my course, I bave kept the faith ; henceforth there is laid up for me a crown of righteousness which the Lord, the righteous judge, sholl give me on that day ; and not to me only, but unto all them also that love His appearing. In the ordination service, the Ven. Archdeacon Child presented the candidates. There was present , aleo ttiH Rev. Canon Tyrrell, examining chaplain, wh.. j read the Epistle. The other hymns used in the j course of the service were 42, " Lord, cause thy face s on us to shine ;" and 376> " Jesu, thou joy of loving j hearts." Holy communion was administered as part j of the service : there were 96 communicants, The t offertories at morning and evening service were for ] the Bishop of Newcastle's church work extension j fund ; and they reached -£H 2s 3d, We are requested j to say that the sum will be divided between St. Alban's and Bulahdelah. At St. Alban's the church needs rebuilding ; a parsonage is required at Bulah- delah ; and every gift will be a help to these two j objects. I The incumbent of St. Mary's conducted a children's j service in the afternoon. There was a large attend- : ance of children, parents and friends The Rev. Mr. : Yarrington addressed the children, and catechised' I them in his own admirable manner; and the organist I of the church Signor Lardelli, accompanied th» t children in their hymns on the organ. In the even- 1 ing, the Rev. H. Longbottom preached to a good h congregation._ J* The various Melbourne properties comprised JJCA. the estate of the late Mr. Duncan M'Kellar jpg^t sold by Mesara Ham on Thursday ¡realising a tcDpl of I £120,600. They include the land in CollinsAtreet | West, with the buildings leased to Messrs. Gtodfrey I and Butler, solicitors, to January, 1869, which sold I at £850 per foot. Tbo land, with the buittlinea at I present occupied under lesee terminating/similarly, | was sold to Mr. M'ßean, jeweller, at £840 per foot ; J and a third piece, some land with the Royal Cafe on I it,realised ¿919 pas foot, this being leased as thai; other two, J8 