THE Government has done a wise and graceful thing in introducing the Trades' Union Bill, pushing it on to committee, and promising that it shall be put through its remaining stages as soon as possible. Moved by Mr DEAKIN, and seconded by the Premier, the House has thus a guarantee of the best auspices for the passing of this much wanted measure without any avoidable delay, and the large interests outside, to which the bill refers, wiii watch the conduct of members very narrowly and hopefully. The bill is almost absolutely a copy cf the English Act, but contains two provisoes not in the Imperial statute, namely—machinery for the dissolving of any union when its members so desire, and a larger power. to' the holding of land. The English Act limits the power to hold land to one acre, but the bill now before the Assembly enables unions to hold more than that, provided that the purchases, made shall be solely for the purpose of -carrying on the affairs of the society. The importance of trades' unions and their perfectly legitimate aims, as well as the industrial useful oieBS of rightly-organised and properlyadministered bodies of - that kind, has for some time been legislatively recognised In the mother country, though it was. not ..till .after a long and weary fight against adverse interests that the rights of the unions were acknowledged, and their proper status accorded. But that .is the normal course of tlungB at home, and the history of British social and political progress is one" of broadening "slowly down from precedent to precedent." How the unions - have developed there everybody knows who haa given any attention at all fo the matter, and Mr. DEAKIN in introducing the Victorian Bill on Thursday-night gave in a few words a pregnant -statement of their large importance. .There are 600 onions in Great "Britain, with a members' roll of over a million, and an expenditure- dating the 3aEb. 'thirty years of over three .millions sterling for trades' union purposes. This showB in a nutshell to what vast proportions these organisations ' fiaye . grown at J home, and the large influence thpy exercise over the play of -trade 1 forces in that big hive ofr industry is now a well recognise!! part of -the social -history of tha country. Xn Victoria there are about forty tradeB*- anions, and that shows that our. operatives have bMn - asleep - all .these years. P Relatively to the .v^wpnlatioff,: the Tictodan nnions " outnumber -those olJGreatlfritam at least 100 perjopnt.; for if with .our population Jwe &re; xiglit c in havingj forty unionF,'-Great -Britain onght at any ate to have 12,000— that is, if there be any virtue in a multiplicity of Euch organisations. Upon the popnlational basis onr unions ought to have something like a member roll oE 30,000 to e^ual that of the ) old ^ country, but we'fancy we have not ' got that length yet. However, under • the fostering influence of a right legislative status, the colonial -unions should grow and prosper, and it is to be hoped that this will be the outcome of the proposed measure. The boon of legislative protection has been long sought here, and it is not creditable to the legislatures of the past that the right has been so long withheld, but Mr DEAKIN, in introducing the bill, was careful to pay a merited compliment to Mr RICHABDSON and Mr PEARSON for their valuable labors in previous Parliaments in connection with this business. Had their .endeavors been loyally seconded in both Houses, there would not now be a bill in committee merely, but a statute in -force, and every union in: the colony would now be enjoying the rights from which they have been so long debarred; How much the unions have been retarded in their growth and operative value by the hampering disabilities under which they exist, none know so well as the intelligent members of the existing organisations. Without legal BtatuB, unable to validate agreements, unable to Bue defaulting officers, liable technically to proceedings for conspiracy through the wrongful withholding of necessary legal powers, the anions' have all along been, so to speak, under a cloud, and struggling against odds. They lacked the freedom of action essential to their full life and beneficial influence: and that they have had so much cohesive force and have exercised so much salutary influence in the interests of the various trades, in spite of all those drawbacks, is due to the ability and honesty of their administration, and the general common sense of the supporting members. Now the new bill has been launched under such promising conditions, we hope to see it speedily pass • the Assembly, and we look to the larger element of Liberalism now in the Council to give the measure a cordial' reception there, so that it may become law before the present session terminates. THE effort again made'byMrRicHAnD SON to get the Unlawful Assemblies and Party Processions Act altered in the direction of justice and common sense,.deserves to eucoeed, in spite .of the rabid nonsense which has been uttered against Mr RICHARDSON'S attempt in this direction. It is a perfect absurdity, as well as an injustice, that while Roman Catholic organisations, under the name of Hibernian Societies, can parade the streetB with - half-concealed religions emblems and colore, nothing of -the sort can be done by Orange societies, because while the former can obtain registration under the Friendly Societies Act, the latter cannot do this. Protestants are made to tolerate the " wearing of the green," and the flaunting of the green, with half-concealed sectarian symbols in the foreground; and Protestants have not a word to say against this toleration having to be showu. Indeed, they "rather like it," aB-they have the best of feeling towards their.Roman Catholic fellowsubjects, although they do not like the interference in temporal matters which is .indulged- in by the Roman Catholic spiritual directors. If Protestants are expected to, and do, look kindly upon the existence of Hibernian societies, which are purely sectarian in their composition, and if the law allows the aforesaid semi- religious symbols of these societies to be carried about the streets in procession, why should not the'Orange societies be allowed the same privilege 1 Why should the most intensely loyal organisation there is amongst us fee placed under a disability in this respect, or singled out as the only real exception against which the 10th clause of the Processions Act is operative, or really directed? We cannot for the life of us see why the Orange societies should continue to "be assailed with this disqualification; and the difficulty of seeing anything like consistency or wisdom in it, is intensified by the fact that "Victoria is the only part of the globe where such a tyrannical law is in operation. Orangeism, like Ribbonism, has done some carious things in Ireland, and in other parts of the United Kingdom, no doubt. Bat the Orangeism of Ireland is not the Orangeism of Victoria. The Orangeism of Victoria is a mere Protestant idea, the' same as the Salvation Army, or the Young Men's . Christian Association represents, taking sole'y as its baeis the. "maintenance of the Protestant religion and an open Bible; and it no more thinks of interfering with Roman Catholics in a hostile or belligerent spirit than it would pass resolutions having for their object the removal of the present recognised position of the equator. Orangeism is certainly an influence in electoral matters, end does good service in this way, as witness what it did at the last general election when it fjeeted from their seats those members who had ..signed the -GRATTAX address. But Orangeism is not singular in being a political force, as precisely the same thing can be said of the Hibernian SooietieB, theJiocal Option L°BgueB, the Licensed Victuallers'; Associations) and; nearly, every religious society in this part of the Queen's dominions. Looked at aB it really island not as a good many persons, suspect it to be, OrangeiBm ;in this colony idiffers in no way, that we can- learn, froin any other society or semi-political organisation, except that, like the Hibernian Societies, it wears collars, and - has flags, and meets in the absenqe of the press ; and, therefore, to hold an Act of Parliament Over its bead aB though it was a, real ^demoniacal and terrible entity, breathing .fire and fury from eveiy nostril,' is as absurd as it. is unfair, and. as illogical as it is grossly unpatriotic. Nor are Roman Catholics in this country like their brethren; in the old land, to whom the sight of the orange-color is "asared flag to a mad • bnll," for Roman Catholics here would look as philosophically'upon an Orange flag, or on an ^Orange collar, or on an Orange procession, .as • Protestante, Orangemen included, look upon the green and 'the semi-religious insignia which the Hibernian Societies carry whenever they.: are celebrating St. atrick's Day, or the anniversary of their coming-, into existence. We could understand the Party Procession's Act if it disallowed proessions- of" «very kind, - 'for: then it would be consistent j and we certainly approve of so much of it as disallows the carrying of firearms " or other offensive weapons." But to allow a law to remain in force which really" falls upon only one organisation, and which exists nowhere else in the world, iB surely treating a highly patriotic and inoffensive body very badly, and. what is still more, legislating in spirit for one section of the community to the total ignoring of any consideration for the remainder. No one desires peace among the sects more than we do. But peace is only to be got by treating all alike. It is not by disallowing society processions in some cases, and permitting them in others, that contentment will prevail, or that that peace which arises from a feeling that alaw hitsfairly and squarely all round , will be secured and respected. We hold, then, that Mr RICHARDSON'S bill should pas's through the Legislature, because by it all would be treated alike. Batif not, then we say thatall processions should be put down by law, so that no section of the community may be able to say that it is specially selected to be m put under a ban, or to suffer injustice. Orangemen can "process" in New South "Wales, South Australia, New r Zealand, Queensland, or Tasmania whenever they like, and no one hears of any sectarian disturbances occurring in those colonies; and this is an all-sufficient answer to the ghost of old Melbourne which was raised this week, when Mr EICHAKDSOK'S bill was being discussed by the Assembly, or to the fcaisfrexpreBsed that,' if Mr RICEABDsox's bill was carried, we should have sectarian rows here. The whole question, however, resolves itself into whether a " dead 6et" should be made alone against one society amoDg us, and that one, too; which claims to be the most- determinedly loyal in the land. Obviously, nothing of the kind should prevail; and, therefore, if Mr RICHARDSON'S bill should be thrown out, society processions of all kinds should be peremptorily stopped^ or rank injustice-will be committed. The Premier received an important telegram from England yc-Bterday morning, from the tenor of which there are good grounds for the conclusion that the commodore of the Australian station has received, : or will receive very shortly, instructions to proclaim a British protectorate over the south-eastern portion of New G uinea, and over the islands immediately adjacent thereto. The weather yesterday was of the most wintry description, being bitterly cold and stormy. Daring the afternoon a heavy fall of snow took place, and was succeeded by bail, which did an Immense amount of damage to tbe bndding fruit trees in tbe district. More snow followed in the evening, and at midnight there was no prospect a change to spring weather, tha barometer showing a low temperature. A deputation will wait upon the Minister of Railways (the Hon. D. Gillies) next Wednesday, to still farther urge upon him the desirability of having railway workshops erected in Ballarat East, in accordance with tbe promise of former Ministers. Tbe deputation will consist of Messrs James and Russell, M.L.A,, Mayor Walker, Counc'llc-rs Scott and Ferguson, and Messrs A. Anderson, J.P., D. Turpie, J.P., D. Ham, J.P., E. Murphy, W. Gale, and W. Robertson, members of tbe workshops committee. Tbe question bas been made a matter of policy, and £22S,000 hao been pat upon the estimates for workshops. Tbe workshops committee consider that great injustice will be dene to Billarat if portion of its amount is not spent in this centre. A visit was yesterday paid to the huts at tbe Chinese camp occupied by the two Chinese lepers, by .Mayor Walker, Inspector Parkinson, and Senior-constable Thompson. The'object of the visit was to nse all possible means to indace the lepers to consent to be removed to the quarters prepared for them at Point Nepean. The hat in which Ah Qaong, the leper who was said to be cared, resided, wae first entered. Ah Qoong was engaged in making carpenters' - tools, and, judging by the specimens of planes, &c; , which he bad made out of redgam, be is a first-class workman. HI'B bands and feet Had apparently been cured, the-disease having been stopped after eating away the first jointof one of his fingers.. But the man wa?, without doubt, still suffering^from tbe disease, as parts of his body were covered with streaks peculiar to leprosy. He was aeked if he-was willing to go away. Ah Qaong did not st all like the idea, and posi tively refused to go. He was told that if he was is bis hut this morning he would be tsken away to the. house at Point Ncpeao. Ah Fan's hut was then visited. The Chinaman was in bed. Rather unwillingly be showed his fingers, which were being eaten away by the disease. - He said be could earn £1 a week as a woodcutter, and then he surprised the visitors by'.exclaiming, '*Me all right. Him English newspaper no good; tell too mnchee lie." - la answer to one of bis visitors; he said that Mr Chew," the cstechist, kept tbe Chinamen at the chapel informed of what tbe newspapers said. Ah Fan was then asked if lie would go to.Point Nepean. He declined, bat ultimately said he wonld go, if the Government gave him £1 a week to work there. He was told, .like the other leper, that if" he" was in Ballarat next mornirg at ten o'clock be would be: taken away. In accordance with the above arrangement, if the two lepers are in their places this morning, they will be. taken away by the first train to Gselong.. It is. not improbable, however, that they will clear cat before morning. James Govern, the victim of tbe assanlt on Thursday evening at Black Hill, was yesterday mcch better, and unless unfavorable symptoms develops, be may be considered oat of danger. It has.been stated by a contemporary that-Dr Jermyn, on seeing the man after the assanlt, said "he could not five many hours, bnt this was quite incorrect. prisoner James Wilson was 'brought before Mr Rnssell, J. P., at tbe Town Court yesterday and charged with unlawful assault with The b intent to do grievous bodily barm. The prisoner Was remanded for a week. a Out of 250 candidates for the mounted police of Victoria only about- forty-wereedccessful in passing the various examinations, One of the successful applicants is Constable Edwards, a member of the foot police in Ballarat Esst. h s • The'-Attention of the Town Conncii bas already'been drawn to the disgraceful condition of a pitched channel crossing the Plank road, but for some reason cr other no steps haveoeentkken to. do away with the. cause for complaint, .and drivers of vehicles are still obliged,to^ade their-horses through 2 GT 3 "feet of .sludge.which fills the channel. After such a bitterly cold day as yesterday, Government cfHcere'in the district are inclined to question the wisdom of thereguiation prohibiting fires at Government expanse in their s offices after the IsVcf October. _ A correspondent writes as follows :—"It is exactly aix years aince tbe- reservation of the land in Sebastopol was gazetted from oocupation under miners'rights lor mining purposes or business areas, and yet it still . remains ncpaccelied. Several applications have -been -recently-made by-influential persons willing to mark out the ground and commence mining operations, • but they are debarred from eo-doing tUi the, stumbling block is removed. A few.years ago aner- M-P. waited on the Chief Secretary. _:tb urge-'Upon iiim the necessity v of revoking, the .reservation, as be was authorised . to state, op behalf: of a few well-known, capir talista "of this city, that , ttey l wera pre- -paral to -^erect athree plantasait -a. cost^.pf £40,000 if TFquired. -^The snswer to iho ex M;P. s e"regue8t-waB"thst it.Trcaldbe jnono poly.. -3?he • ejril:$hat baa: accrued since that period has -been moBt disastrous,-as l am; in a position rto "give a very ;fair,«)pm5on. " -We should rather bail wiih pleasure capital being invested here.than finding ita way to ifar-o2 fielde. SarelyoBrfive 1 memberB'ooiiI8li2ter-"' view the .Minister, and,bave Jthis incobuETe-. moveel bnoe »Dd for ever.v-astheiobject ior which it was "intended was ^totally im practicable; wMcH%as been JesHSed by cornpotent ongmeer^&nd;,practicalinen." ; This Town<Jottndn consider that a letter.on the leper question reoeived 'from the Central Board tf Health .could Swjfc jfcerten aray a «G o A w inI o s 11, 1884. much for a sample of official wisdom. The, letter reads as follows:—" I have the honor j to acknowledge letter, and to inform you that it was" laid before the board at tbe last meeting, when I was instructed to inform the local board-of health that this board deemed it inadvisable to use force to remote the lepers to Point Nepean, owing to their threats of committing suicide if they were removed. The evidence on thiB point was of a distinct and reliable character. (Signeo) J. J. SHILLINGLAW, secretary." Council* lor Scott eaid he would like this letter to go before the world, If it was a specimen of the new board, then the sooner another change took place the better. Occasionally satisfaction could be got from the old board. The Chinamen threatened to commit suicide. Not long ago a resident of the town was arrested for a similar threat, and yet they dared not touch the lepers. Councillor Ferguson also spoke, and complimented The Courier upon its outspokenness in the matter. H the Ballarat East board had not been so firm there would have been four lepers in the rifle butts camp before now. He hoped the mayor would get the lepers at present in the leper camp removed to Point Nepean, and the leper camp burned. It was stated by one councillor that the evidence relative to the lepers threatening to commit suicide was- the report of Senior-constable Thompson, and councillors wanted to know why the Chinamen were not arrested for mch threats. Councillor RuEsell also spoke, and after further discussion tbe matter dropped. The final meeting of the committee of the Masonic ball was held at the Masonic Hall yesterday, when it was found that, in spite of the exceptionally heavy expenses attendant upon the ball, a margin of profit, to be placed to the credit of the fund of benevolence, had been realised. It was felt by the members of the committee that the successful issue of the ball wss very greatly due to the labors of the executive secretary, Br F. C. IVainwrigbfc, who certainly never (.pared time or -trouble in arranging for the affair. The chairman (Br H. A. Nevett, P.M.), in behalf of the committee, presented to Br Wainwright a valuable gold locket, bearing on one side a square and compass— the compass being pointed with a diamond— and on the other a suitable inscription. The chairman, in making the presentation, bore personal testimony to the labors of the secretary, and expressed great pleasure In this recognition of his work. Br Wamwrigbt, in acknowledging the compliment, said be bad found the greatest pleasure in the work he bad done, and the success achieved. A vote of thanks was passed to the chairman, and the meeting then closed. Some ratber erratic tendering has taken place for the reconstruction of a portion of the No. 6 channel, Ballarat East. The tenders were opened at .the Town Council meeting last evening, and whilst the engineer's estimate was £240, the different amounts of the tenders-were as follows:—£480, £299, £280, £203, and £1S9. Thus there was a difference of £300 between the highest and lowest tender. The meeting of the Town Council last evening lasted for fully three hours, and was tbe longest meeting of that body for about eighteen months. The leper question, Mr Shepherd's case, and other matters created a great deal of discussion; Councillor Elsworth, in particular, having plenty to say. Mr Chas. Barker, of the Creswick road, was awarded first and second prizes for farm waggons at the show held at Benalla on the 9th instant. Public attention is,called by advertisement to tbe reduction in the price of gas in Ballarat to 8s 9d per 1000 feet, commencing in November next. Gas should sow be within the reach of every householder, not only for lighting, but also for cooking purposes. The gas-stove is in as general use in Melbourne" as the sewing-machine, no wellordered houee ^beiug considered complete without it. The price to which gas is to be reduced onght to bring them into very general nse here also. Good cooking materially contributes to the happiness of home, and the best modern means of securing this, with comfort and cleanliness, is undoubtedly the gas stove. We understand.the company keeps a stock for sale. The Town Conncii last night reB_olved_ to fill up the hole near Russell cqaare in which the little boy Mackescv was found drowned a few*days ago. Councillor Russell said that the father waB very ill through jumping into tbe hole to recover his boy : s body, whilst the mother was nearly demented, and generally fell down in a fit when she saw the shaft in .which"hsr boy waB drowned. The postmaster wishes remind hotelkeepers, lodginghouse-keepefs, and others that all correspondence to their care received by them, if not delivered to the person to whom addressed, should not be kept by them longer than two months. At the expiration of that time such letters, &c.;, should be returned to the Post Office. Any person infringing this rule is lisble to a severe penalty. h James Webber, on remand, was charged at the Gity Police Court yesterday with having crnelly ill-treated a calf. Icspector Parkinson prosecuted, and Mr Gaunt defended the accused. According" to the evidence of Mr L. Whyte, Mr W. A. Ryan, and Mary Fitzgerald, Webber bad kicked the calf eo badly thai it died some time after. Miss Fitzgerald said that she was so disgusted with prisoner's cruelty that she struck him with a bag Bhe was carrying. Prisoner was fined £1, with £2 costs. Mayor Walker, though suffering from a very bad cold, attended the Town Council last evening, and filled the chair as usual. The meeting lasted a oonsiderable time, but the mayor was almost unable to speak owing to hoarseness. The second event of the Stoddart trophy will be sailed on the Liko to-day, when the seven yachts will take up their moorings at' half-past three p.m.. The number of paints to be secured is fifteen,. of which the Viola has secured four, ths Darlie Bay three, and Reporter two. Mr Thomson, P.M., and Messrs Permewan and Shoppee, J.P., attended at the City Polioe Court yesterday. One drunkard was dealt with, and, among other oases, five persons were fined for not sending their children to-school the requisite number of days in the quarter. The lines ranged from Ss to £1. ...--- The case of Mr J. C. Shepherd, revenue officer to the Town Council, received a great deal of consideration at the hands of the council last evening. There was a motion to reinstate him, hat as it was evident- tbls could not be dealt with nntilMr Shepherd ad complied with the riequest of the council to send in his resignation, the motion was withdrawn. Councillor Russell then tendered Mr Shepherd's resignation, saying be was by Mr Shepherd to do so. After further discussion the : council decided to discusB the question in committee. Councillor Ferguson objected, bat the other councillor eaid that though they, were generally averse to such a course, it was eometimes desirable to mattera amicably in committee. Abont alf an hour's diBcussicn took place in committee, when the council resumed, and it was moved .that-the case of .'Mr Shepherd be left in tbe-bands of the -mayor, on the understanding that Mr Shepherd was tdj.be temporarily appointed to oarry out the duties. The motion was-moved by Councillor Bussell, and seconded by Conncijlor Elsworth,* who eaid, that in fatare he would resist-any outside'icflaence being. brought . to bear onless the public were mfide acguainted with full particulars through the inedium of the press. In the pre&ent; instance the council only knew ufficient of the .case to be able to come-to a decision. The motion was carried. Councillor Scott proposed that Mr .Shepherd's arrears of salary, £1610s, be-.paid to. him,- but this was' not seconded, neither was another motion by Councillor Elsworth, that £5 be granted to him. >. "The art-union , of the City. .Fire Brigade recently jheld was a rwost tuccessfnl one, and s the -splendid results obtained were due in great measure tothe -efforts of ..Mr H H, Gornow, JJr »J. .-Leggo-(treasurer), and ex- Apparatna-otScer Chinnery. The.major.part f 4>he- work -fell- npon Mr -Curnow.'Jtnd - the bility with which be fulfilled the. duties devolving upon iiiro was-reooguted ,iby all ho assisted in the affiur.It was felt that efforts and those of the other gentlemen named were deserving.of„fiomethmg more ban a formal votejof .thanks, and consequently it Vas decided to present to them s lasting -memorials - bf the -oocaslon. One evening' this week the .members of -the brigade Slaving assembled; .Captain Hennah, n- bahalf- o?. 4he brigade, -presented to Mr Coi-now a very handsome tea and coffee inscribed. In making the preoentationCfeptainHejmahsUudedto the handsome returns the ;ar£-uiiitm jiad given, and said that .without jdoubt they were to'.be attribnt^inno'smair^eas}ue«.to^Mr.Curnaw'e exertions on bebalfif ihe jirigaae. Mr Carnow.iriDfly»oknow2eageditbe -presentation. ToJdrlrfggo andex-Apparatus-officer T b Chinnery very elegant illuminated addresses were presented by Captain Hennah on behall of the brigade. The addresses, which were bound in album form, were prepared by Messrs F. W. Niven and Co; An elderly man named Joeeph Caffrey was charged at the City Police • Court' yesterday with imposing upon Mr Jonathan Furlong, of the British hotel, Doveton street, by means of false pretcnceB. On the 9th instant prisoner went to -the hotel and osked to be served with drink. He said that be had no money, but had brought a load of charcoal into Ballarat that morning and left it at the Phcenix Foundry. That afternoon he expected to bs paid for the charcoal. On condition that be should pay Mr Furlong when be got his money for the charcoal, Caffrey was supplied with six been?, a cigar, and lunch. He then left and went to Jupp s hotel, and did not pay for the refreshments he had received. The manager of tbe foundry stated that Caffrey had no transactions with the company, and Senior-constable Thompson proved a previous conviction for a similar offence. Prisoner was sentenced to three months' imprisonment, Theenquiry into the disagreements between two members «f the pob'ce force, conducted yesterday- by Superintendent Ryall, resulted only in the useless absorption of the time of public servants. At the-City Police Court yesterday, Mr Wm. Rattray proceeded against.two lads named Wm. Conolly and Philip Brooks, for damaging a tree in the New Cemetery by picking two flowers off it. Mr Gaunt prosecuted, and Mr Kelly defended Conolly. Mr Gaunt remarked that at the cemetery tombstones were damaged, and flowers and trees were destroyed, and although a watch 'was continually kept it was almost impossible to detect the delinquents. The lads had made themselves liable to a fine of £20 each, or imprisonment for three months, but be did not ask that the maximum penalty should be inflicted. Mr Rattray deposed that he saw the defendants on Sunday morning pick some flowers from a camellia tree growing.on one of the graves in the cemetery. When he accosted them they first denied, but afterwasds admitted, the offence. Mr Kelly on behalf of Conolly, offered to pay the oosts and apologise if the charges were withdrawn. He said the boys would receive a sound thrashing from their parents. Mr Thomson, tbe P.M., severely lectured the boys, and said be was glad that a watch was kept at the cemetery. The next cases would be severely dealt with. Defendants were fined each £1 with £1 lie costs. A social tea was given on Thursday evening-to the members of the Golden Point Wesleyan Church choir by the trustees of that church. About 100 members of the congregation also partook of tea. After ample justice had been done to the good things provided, a meeting was held; Mr Hughes presiding in a very able manner. Addresses were given by Messrs J. Williams, R. Olver, R. M'Gregor, W. H. Nettle, and A. Stevens, and recitations were given by Messrs Wright and M'Gregor. The choir contributed their share of entertainment in the way of singing, SOIOB being given by Mrs Smythe and Mr Millett. In an interval in tbe proceedings, the chairman called on Mr Williams, as senior trustee, to make a presentation to Mr A. Stevens, the leader of the choir. Mr Williams referred in very complimentary terms to the manner in which Mr Stevens performed his duties, and said it' afforded bim great pleasure to present to him a handsome conductor's baton, on behalf of the phurch. The compliment was feelingly acknowledged by the recipient. The baton, which was manufactured by Mr C. A. Welsh, jeweller, Sturt street, is of ebony wood, handsomely mounted with silver, and its appearance reflects great credit on the designer. It bears the inscription, "Presented to Mr A. Stevens by the trustees of the Golden Point Wesleyan Church, 9th October, 18S4." It will be on view to-day in the window of the shop of Mr Welch, jeweller. The sale of gifts at St. John's Church oi England Sunday School, Soldiers' Hill, was continued last night, and, in spite of the tempestuous weather, the presiding ladies at each of the stalls did good work in disposing of the numerous articles, nseful and ornamental. In our report of tbe delegates attending tbe conference of the A.M.A. at Maldon, "E. Evanson, Maddon," bas been erroneously stated. It should have read, "E. Stevenson, Haddon." The wife of Peter Campbell, the ex " bush l missionary," iB -experiencing (eays the Telegraph) a hard time of it jnsi at present. bt MIB Campbtll is in such a etate of impecunioeity that she has been compelled to seek relief from charitable sourceB. On Thursday d afternoon she attended at the City Police Court officeB for the purpose of asking the p m aid of one of the police magistrates, bat in l their absence saw Mr Hill, the city missionary, to whom she- stated ber case, but e, however, could not assist her, as he has no fund available for euch a purpose. According to Mrs Campboll, the notoriety she has gained through her lawsuit with ber husband precludes her from getting employment in her capacity as governess. A meeting of the Lunacy Commission (says the Argus) was held at the Treasury buildings on Thursday, when the proceedings were conducted with closed doors. The commission bad under examination a former inmate of the Kew Asylum, who gave highly important evidence as to the management of m a c f p r o s t s f Bfba the institution generally and the treatment of patients. He mentioned the names of several persons who, he Btated,' could corroborate his testimony, and the commission intend to call all those named as witnesses. The board held their sitting in private for fear that the publication of the evidence might prevent .them from procuring ths freely-given testimony, they require in the paranit of their investigations. Tbe whole of the evidence will be banded to the presB when the necsssity for secrecy ceases to exist. A meeting of cabinetmakers and joiners (says the World) was held at the Temperance hsll, Sydney, on Thursday night, to protest against the employment of Chinese in the various furniture shops in Sydney. The Melbourne correspondent of the Ararat Advertiser says:—"One-of the principal officers of the Salvation Army has adi _ novel method of poshing trade. Recently he bsoame acquainted with a young lady, a member of the Young Women's Christian Association. She was also a protege and earnest admirer of Mrs Hampson, and expressed a desire to the enterprising officer to obtain come of the lady evangelist's works. A few days after, the ' commissioned' brought her a small parcel of tracts. On looking through them, Bhe found there were some dozens on the same subject, and remarked that she had no nee for more than one copy; bat her snrprise was still.greater on'finding, at the bottom of tbe parcel; a bill for 16s for religious literature supplied. She remonstrated, bat was met by the assurance that she had ordered ths tracts and wonld have to pay for them. Now, it has turned out'that this sharp officer has had a large consignment of these tracts on hand, and is endeavoring to lossen bis loss as much as poesib'e." The Salvation Army in New South Wales (says the Argus] has now twenty-one stations, which are worked by forty-five officers. are also twelve outposts, which are connected with stations, and worked in conjunction with them. An average of l'S6 meetings are-conducted weekly at- the -statioos and tbe various barracks. There is sitting accommodation tor 15,000 persons. Sir Henry: Partes performed the ceremony of laying the foundation-stone of thft new of the Salvation Army; in Goulbarn street on Thursday afternoon; . Jt.tranBpires (8aysthe Telegraph) that, the reason why the expected discueeion on Major Bull's case did not taka plwe in tbe Legislative Assembly last week was that Messrs Bant," Dow, and Bosisto interviewed the Attorney-General and the Premier on the subject privatdy, and obtained promises that the late , military secretary will have jan assured position in the service cf the. State. Major BnU'e desire to remain connected with the military department will notbe complied With, bat bis.present position in the sheriff's office will "be confirmed, with" a prospect of early promotion; Mr, Moore, traffic superintendent of the. lines, and Mr Troup, locomotive foreman at the Spencer street station," have been/instructed {saps the Age) by tbe .Railway Commissioners to enquire into the whole 61 the circumstances connected with the accident which oecurred on Wednesday to-a-/passenger "train whilst ninning to Catnperdbwn. _The report "'of tbe enginedriver has been~forwarded to the locomotive superintendent. So far. as can be learned," eome of the^ o.fficfirs in 'charge of the. train have been"gallty" i)f negligkibe, otherwise ihe,-tm$eotions nAtim train would not have collided: with such iorce as :to injure one of the passeSgers. The defalcations {says the Argus) ot Alexander Forsyth Anderson, the guardian of tbe Browlow workhouse, Liverpool, who haB been arrested in New Zealand for embezzling the funds of the institution, are estimated at £5000. Mr Berry (says the Telegraph) coffered acutely from an attack of sciatica on Thursday. Onr contemporary understands that it is the intention of the bon. gentleman to go away for two or three weeke to New Zealand when bis health improves. A girl named Salter, who has been engaged as a domestic servant in a family at Green Gully, Newstead, caused something like a scare (says the M.A. Mail) amongst the inhabitants of Chewton on Tnursday, by stating that her services were dispensed with because small-pox was prevalent in the household. Enquiries were at once instituted by tbe town clerk and Sergeant O'Shaughnessy, with the result that there was no feundation for the girl's story, as she bad left her employment a fortnight since. Notice (says the Argus) bas now been given for the introduction, in the Railway Construction Bill, of five lines, viz.:—Avoca to Ararat (Mr M'Lellan), Inglewood to Dnnolly (Mr Langdon), Ballarat to Bnninyong (Mr D. M. DavieB), Hawthorn to Kcw (Mr Walker), and Coburg to Somerton (Sic Harper). AH, except the Baninyong lice, were In the Railway Bill of 1882, as finally passed by the Legislative Assembly. At twelve o'clock on Thursday morning, during the stock sales at Homcbueh (N.SW), a flash oi lightning (says the Work!) strnok down five head of cattle, one of them being killed instantaneously. We are constrained to omit the following letters: —"An Icdign&nt; Mother" and "George J. Pdrtv, late secretary of the S H.F.B." The first ta Laid aside because tbe settlement com3 to removes It from public interference, and the last, because there has been mere than sufficient tunaoil orer the 6nb. jeci already. Mr Ease, of Windsor, near Melbourne, adrertiees fn onr columns a stimulant wash for the t-.'.tli and cnmi. It is called "arom&tlne;," and is strongly recommended for impnre breath, as also for toottache and neuralgia. The first tea meeting in connection with tbe Bine Bibbon Union will be held in tbe Alfred H ,11 on Tcesd&y;, the 28tn instant, when tbe YM>. Archdeacon Julias will deliver an address, lhe members of the choir are requested by advertisement in another column to me^t for reboarsal on Tuesday next in the Congregational schoolroom, Dawson street when the committee trust there will be a fall muster. A meeting of tbe Corfndbap and Bofcewood Turf Clnb is called for this evening at eight o'clcct, at Thomas' hotel, Corindbap. The sale of gifts in connection with the Wesleyan Church, Lydlard street, will commence in Dana street school next Tuesday, at seven o'clock, and continue until the following Friday. Further particnlara wm be found in our adverti&cg; columns. Tbe Sunday school annivenaryfn connection will: tbeBsptist Church, Dawson street, will bee elehrated by special services to-morrow, when Mr M. Hoelnig Will preach at eleven, Rev J. w. Znglie at three, and the Hev. W.L. Morton at half-put six. A collection will be made &t; each service for' the school fond. The annual entertainment will take place on Tuesday evening next, when sacred Eongs, solos, &c.;, and recitations will be rendered by scholars End friends, and addresses delivered by minhten and ft lends. We are compelled to bold over a number of letters until Monday." Tfie annual meeting of tbe Ba'Jarat District Licenced Victuallers' Association will be held at Craig's hotel next Tuesday afternoon, at- half-past three, when a fall attendance is desired. next Tuesday evening, at eight. A special meeting of the Loyal BUlarzt Lodge, Ko. 20,1.O.O.F., will be held on Monday evening next, to olect a medKal officer in place of Dr Beadford, resigned. Dr 1 rem earn e will be away from Creswick frcm 25th October to 10th November. ..After the latter d&te; Dr Tremearne announces that he will be at borne for consultation daily from eight a m. to sis p m., as be bas Riven up visiting patients. The Sunday school anniversary will be held in the Methodist Free Church, Peel street, on Sacday week, when the preacher? will be Mr M Qosktng, the Bev. 17. Teo, and tbe Bev. B. Turner. A toa meeting will take place on the' following Monday, at which Dr Moffitt will preside. 