M f i t i i HIS WILL an« HIS W&Y; .CHAPTER IX. fCoritinaed). Some few hoars later and " it h£s ,«I1 gone off very nicely and comfortably, so Miss D'Arcy is remarking tfo Mrs Spenser, whom she has persaaded into staying, for an early cap of tea ; and that excellent lady qnite agrees with her. Mrs Clarac and her old father, who are slightly inclined to despondency, observe that they trnst it's all for the best, they know they oaght to be thankful to have their child so well provided for. Meanwhile " the child"—otherwise Mrs Richard Bethnne—sits alone in the first-class waiting- room at Chariagcrose, keeping gaard over sundry parcels, Varying in size and importance. One more important than all the rest has, somehow or other, contrived to get itself left behind, and the bridegroom is even now making his way to. the telegraph office to wire directions as to how and where it may be sent on. Bat no anxious thoughts for it or him, or the train they may possibly miss, are troubling Alison's tnind as she sits with her big, wistful eyes fixed apparently upon two brand-new umbrellas and a walkingstick, bdg||c( altogether in the approved style of ofp'elling companions. By some strange chance, some subtle,' unaccountable instinct, she is thinking of a little ^ spray of seaweed, an inBignicant pink and green morsel, pressed between the leaves of a pocketbook. And, by what certainly mast be regarded as a curious coincidence, at this identical . moment enters the owner of the^. said" pocketbook. They are not aware each of the other's near presence until he has sauntered languidly across the room and possessed himself of a chair within half a yard of hers, then— " Miss Clarac 1 is it possible ?" he exclaims, quite eagerly for him. \- A? she turns to him quickly, with a little gesture of glad surprise, she forgets for the moment that s e has relinquished the name by which he has addressed her. • " Bat why did you run away from St. Leonards on the very eve of my return ?" he demand?, reproachfully, rt Why forbid your friends to famish me with yoar address in London \ Such good friends as we were—why ' shun me so crnelly? How had I? offerided you?" t "Did they tell'you that?" she cries, 5 flushing and paling as of yore beneath his eyes. " And—and you were content to believe it !** u Was I wrong to credit it 1 I have borne|py own punishment, then, indeed 1 Bat content ?—no, 1 was not at all content! I resolved to find you, to/tee you again, in* spite of Mrs Danby's ad vice; but much has happened since I last parted with you." He touched tbe crape band upon his sleeve. " You have lost a friend V sqrs Alison, with ready sympathy. "No, hardly that," he says. "A distant cousin, of whose very existence I was scarcely aware, and for whose eccentricities I can in no wise account, dying abroad, left me Ms heir. He was worth a great deal more money than people had ever supposed. Of'course there was a good deal of delay in proving the will, lots of legal formalities to be got through, and all 'that sort of thing, but they are all over, and I am a rich man. No need now to consult tike opinions of my aagast relatives as to whom I shall marry. Marry ! The word startles her out of a brief day-dream, wherein castles on the sand, and sprays of seaweed, and German waltzes, seem curiously j ambled up together by the spell of Arthur St. Just's voice. " I ought to have told you/' she says, faintly, as the spell breaks, " that I—I am married. I was married-this morning." In the same moment she sees her husband hastening towards her. "It's all right," he says, cheerily, " but we must make haste, my dear, our train is on the platform." " Just time enough, ma'am, bat none to spare," adds an obsequious porter, who gathers up the umbrellas and precedes the newly-wedded pair to a compartment where they may enjoy • their recently consummated happiness secure from impertinent intrusion. " We have hurried you too much, my darling," he says, with tender concern, as he notes the white, scared face and the hand she presses upon her heart. " Come, we will try what a little fresh air will do; you are too well wrapped up to take cold, I think," and he throws open the window beside which she is sitting. It is still open when a gentleman who has been travelling by the same train alights at one of the stations a few miles from London. Chancing to look up as he passes this window, his eyes meet those of the young bride, and he bows low as he raises his hat. It is their unspoken farewelL " An old friend, Alie ?" said Richard, inquiringly. " It is Mr St. Jast. I met him at St. Leonards." " St. Leonards ? Ah ! to be sure I thought I had seen bim eomewhere. It was only for a moment — the day I called at Mrs Panbj's—bat I have a good memory of faces, and his is a peculiarly attractive one." He speaks carelessly enoagb, yet Alison wonders if he guesses that she, poor child! has foand it so to her cost. " Are you very tired, dearest?" he asks anxiously, as they arrive at Folkstone, where they are to spend a day or two before crossing to Boulogne. " But, indeed, I am sure of it," he'eon- ; tinues, as she attempts some faint as- suranroto the eontr ary^^^Nc ver^mind, and all J»_ % dcLjnow is 'how rocnM^rutbie- ^uUcafr make* your- .aelf.^-'.M/.Ti \ . 1 /And JoFAMWe* Mhe gives hiniBo wan a smile, thfr very ghost^ef'that he |un would'caUupiitto'ihefacewhich is'taw L utteraMy deat to him. , "Hfer mother and tHtb(u?p%aM Kaye been worrying her , since hoor this morning,.arid have regularly) , unstrung her nerves ? women iMp making a flunks Jo compassionately, and continu^^ talk to her with that cheerineas f wUeb is so prominent a part of his nature^1 " An hour's rest and a good tea, aniT then you will be ready to come out and sit up on the cliffs with me. I shall want to hea(r one of those fascinating stories youtiled to to!! the little Danbys at Leonards—eh, Alisdn ? "How do you think you shall like this room ? I was quite taken with it myself; it seems so different to the ordinary run of seaside lodging-house .sitting? rooms." " It is beautiful. You have been very thoughtful for me, 1 know, and l ought to be very grateful and happy ; bcrc, oh 1 Richard—" she falters, shrinking' away from the arauiii has thrown about her. . '< What is it, Alison ? Those troubled eyes are sad tell-tales, dear, but ; not very explicit ones. Cogae, tellsne what is amiss. Nay, I must know ; oir how can I help to set it right ?" , ,-j " Yiou cannot I" cries the girl, pas^ sionately. " No^ne can- now—it can never he set righi^—never 1 Richard, I never oaght to have been married to yon. -; You know I said so When—when you first asked me to be your wife 1" . . "I know yours was a shy consent, and hard to win, my darling. How should it have been otherwise when , you were—yotj are—so young? And, besides, you had known me such a little while" " I ought to have kept to what I said' then—I know I ought. I think I should have, only they all—mamma, and grandpapa, and Aunt .Maria—-went on so about it, and said how good you had been to Regy, and—and what a relief {it. would he to them to have m$ so. wen provided for, and all that, until I couldn't bear to go on vexing them. I knew I had been a great deal of .trouble to them^when I was so ill, and—and, of course, I'm not bright and clever like' Nina is. It was natural they shqnljd wish to keep her at home rather than me, and I thought if you .geared, for me —though I can't think why yep would have done so—it would be all right." \ " Well, don't you think so still ?£fle asks, gently possessing himself of the little trembling hands. . > « Oh, no, I don't; I think I have behaved very wicked to you. . I knew all the time that I wasn't loving you as you deserved, only I didn't seem to realise what I was doing until—" ' " Until?" repeats Rifehard, quietly, as die hesitates. Yes," shasays, with sudden determination, raising her head so that her eyes meet his unflinchingly ; " yes"t will tell you all now : it is the least I can do. Until I saw. Arthur St. Just this morning." * . ~ * > „i • And then, Without any reservation, he Hears all the sad, foolish, pitiful little Btory of the castle that vanished away into thin air ; and, as he listen^ his heart within liim is filled with strong indignation against the lord of that castle, y3at he listens very patiently and attentively, nevertheless, until the voice of the narrator,' whicl^ has been unnaturally calm, breaks down sharply into a wail of— " Oh! send me away;' Let me go home again. No, not home, they will be so angry, and say how wicked I have been-; but letjme go away somewhere— anywhere. Mrs Danby said I coald he governess to Mr Sydney's children, Jand she would take care I never tew anything of—of him." " Did she say that to you, my popr Alison ?" says her husband. " Bdt; don't talk about going away from me.: My home is yours. How can you suppose I could part with you ?" " Oh 1 but you must let me go 5." cries this most unreasonable little bride, as she falls at his feet in a passion of, hysterical weeping. " I can't stay here ; it wouid be dreadful of me to stay,; knowing that it is him—not you—I. love.* I have done you .quite enough injustice, already. Oh I Richard, I am so unhappy—what shall I do?" It rends his heart to listen to that wild sobbing, .Some men in his position! would, perhaps, express something to that effect; but it is not his way. "What shall you do?" he says, raising her tenderly in his arms. " Why just put yourself, or allow me to put you, on that comfortable sofa, and press that poor aching head against the pillow, just so,^whilst I institute a search for eau-de-cologne. Let's see. Oh ! in your dressing-case, of course. And now for the keys. Ah ! to be sure, here they are." And, by-and-bye, yielding as to the touch of the mesmerised hand,.convulsive sobs %bate their violence, and over throbbing heart and brain steals a soft, soothing influence. " Now, listen to me for a .moment, Alison. You know, dear, we can't unmarry ourselves. If I were disposed to* be ever so self-Bacrificing (which I am not) the law wouldn't allow me to give up my wife to the high-born gentleman who, until an independent fortune was secured to him, couldn't risk the favor of his influential relatives for ber sweet sake—nay, if it hurts you to hear a;' slightipg word of him, let him be, butdon't look at me with such despairing eyes. You don't love me much, you say ; well, I'm sorry for it, but aU the game I love you, and love, hopeleavened, is apt to be strong and can afford to be patient; and after having sworn as I did this morning to cherish you until death us do part, I am certainly not inclined to let you run away feting {Kfe&tUHg; ill-fifgbd t^> •A iW^.f FPJW)"WiftSffWTrftfi i .OHUKLLOLH ITSSFFTR'. vj:hY, OKI " You mean to he good and generous, ] cT ifpiH Oh ! no, de^tafirfung out of the f»u »(f4Ion7 don't know vMa ffltprei xoprs will be joined to mine." . _ _ "CLet thfc futurt shape Ittself, Alie/; I'm not |fraid of ifc"— I * And hft ^andBstifio&htf; back the b^Bwhediiflib^H rXbft robbing has quite ceased-now^ -- "•* Why, aren't y^fr igKA/aSki j him, suddenly, / ^ "I am," he answers, gravely. ** When I think of that yoqng aristocrat etoaling away your hea^t with no intention of claiming your hand, and then coming back toldistarb the peace tyou had scarcely attained ; oh i believe me, I am very angry." u Yes, but with me, I mean, for deceiving you ?" He laughs softly as, dropping on one ktaee, he kisses the little wliite hand whereon gleams the golden circlet—the pledge of their«union. " Perhaps ' I was not altogether deceived ; besides— 4 1 ' To be wrofb with one we love Doth work like madness in the brain.' " : To be continued. 