A DETECTIVE'S STORY. LcoNclUDsn.] "I SEE a misty white bar," I cried, " but the edges are indistinct. I can't make out what it is." "I'll bring it to a focus," returned the professor, gently operating the rack-and pinion, and moving the screen nearer to the negative. " Stop I " said I; "I see a portion of a bare, white arm, as if raised. It is very clearly defined." "Ha I" said the professor, " this gets interesting ; let me shift the microscope so as to cover the hand. Now, how is it? " " Good God I " I cried out involuntarily, "I see a clenched hand holding a dagger, raised as if to strike. The wrist and arm, so far as I can see it, are bare. There is a bracelet round the wrist, I can see that. There are also rings upon the third finger, but they are misty and dim; I cannot make out their appearance or shape." " We will bring them into focus," said the professor; "when you have got them, speak." " Now I " cried I. " There they are, sharp and distinct. Three rings-a solitaire diamond, a circlet of brilliants, and a white shield with the monogram A. Merciful heavens I " I exclaimed, starting aside, " these are the very rings worn by MIr. Ainsley's wife-the counterparts of those taken from the fingers of the murdered man I " I was dumbfounded, dazed, bewildered. I couldn't believe my senses. I looked again. There was no mistake. There was the up lifted hand with the dagger, and there were the rings, full and square in the field of vision. Hurriedly and briefly I told the professor of my discovery. " Very well," said lie; " 1 will now pro vide you with some evidence to carry away with you. I will take a positive print of that point of the negative as it now stands." He did so; and, after thanking and con gratulating him on the success of his wonderful discovery, I conveyed the photo graph home, with what feelings may be imagined. Thiere could be no doubt about it. The damning evidence was there. Mr. Ainsley had boon murdered by the wife of his bosom; and she-oh I accustomed as I was to every phase and species of crime, hardened as my years of criminal experience had made me, this was a depth of hypocrisy and devilish malignity which I had to confess to myself I had not yet sounded. The simulated tears and anguish of this beautiful but diabolical woman, when I handed her the casket containing her mur dered husband's rings-murdered by her own hand-rose before me. The devilish cunning of the reward offered by herself herself the murderess-cried aloud to heaven for justice, But how to fix the crime upon her ? The evidence was purely circumstan tial. There was no question in my mind but that a jury would convict, if this evidence were fully explained and laid before them. But I resolved to go slow; I resolved not to make any accusation or arrest before I -had succeeded in obtaining from the woman herself some convincing proof, by sign or admission of her guilt. And this I determined to get during my trip south, in charge of Mr. Ainsloy's newly-discovered effects. Next day I started down the river, but, upon arriving at Baton Rogue, I resolved to visit Mr. Aineloy's brother before approach ing the murderess, and engage his assistance in carrying out my object. As may be supposed, he was as horrified and amazed as I was myself, and it was not until lie had the indisputable evidence afforded by the microscope and photograph which I had brought with me that he could be brought to credit his sister-in-law's guilt. After his mind had got strongly accustomed to the idea, he entered thoroughly into my plans for bringingthe sho-devilto justice. But how to extort from her some sign or admission of guilt ? That was the question. A woman who could accomplish her end with such devilish ingenuity and craft would certainly be able to simulate innocence equally well, if time were allowed her and if put upon her guard. It was needful that we ourselves should resort to artifice, and meet craft with craft. At length a plan was arranged, which, though somewhat dramatic and sensational in its details, promised to effect what we desired; namely, an admission of guilt, by a method calculated to impress a feminine mind by its shock. I did not quite fall in with Mr. Ainsley's way of thinking as to the method, but I had to admit that there Was every possibility of its answering the purpose. Cards of invitation were issued for a grand gathering of friends and acquaintaunces .throughout the neighbourhood at MIr. Ainesly's house for an early date. Sump tuous preparations were made, and great was the advent of commodities of all sorts from New Orleans during the days preceding the festivals. Among other things was a flat, shallow box about twelve feet square, labelled " Glass, with care," handled gin gerly by the steamer hands on account of the presence of a taciturn custodian who had it under his especial charge. The day arrived, and with it a largo and brilliant assemblage of the raunk and fashion of the neighbourhood; among them, of course, the widowed Mrs. Ainsley, who still wore her sombre weeds and exhibited signs of subdued but heartfelt grief, It was noticeable, too, that the handsome Mr. Grayson was still dancing assiduous atten tion upon the afllicted beauty, though, it must be said, with but slight outward signs of encouragement. The day wore on amid festivity and rejoicing till evening, which was, of course, to be spent in conversation, card-playing, and dancing, as the tastes of the various guests might select. One of the largest of the salons, howover, had been arranged as a sort of theatre, with a raised stage at the end of it, and it was given out that a series of tableaux vivants would form a feature of the entertainment. Accordingly, about eight o'clock the guests trooped in with mirth and merriment, seat ing themselves promiscuously on the chairs, lounges, and benches provided for their accommodation. The widowed Mrs. Ainsley was provided, under my special direction, with a luxurious front seat, as also was the attentive Mr. Grayson. It had been announced that a particularly striking tableau would conclude the spec tacle, and the guests were naturally on the look out for this. This tableau, I must explain to you, was the plan devised by Mr. Ainsley, which I told you I had acqui osced in, in default of anything better, and was to consist in a scene produced by that optical illusion known as " IPopper's ghost," not so well known in those days as it iE now, and known to but few in that portion of the country. You, gentlemen, are aware that tho illusion is produced by the reflec tion of a person or persons concealed beneath the stage in a strong light, from a largo shoot of transparent glass set ob liquely on the stage. The ghosts, or ap paratus thus produced, look and move in all respects like living beings, though material objects behind them can be readily seen through their forms. Our purpose was to produce a fac-simile of Mr. Ainsley's murder, ancd we had accordingly fixed up a man to represent Mr. Ainsley as nearly as we could, and another to represent the murderess accessories, and details of dress, boeard, features, position near a window, &c.;, having been studied, arranged, and rehearsed by the actors we had engaged, so that nothing might be lacking in the grim fidelity of the scene. This was what we relied upon to extort some sign or admission of guilt from Mrs. Ainsley, and, sensational and dramatic as it was, I think you will agree with me in admitting that so striking and horrible an apparition starting out suddenly from nothing, grisly and transparent, yet en dowed with apparent life and motion, was calculated to appal a guilty conscience if anything would. The stage-bell rung, and the curtain was drawn from a platform, representing with minute fidelity the interior of the parlour in the Planter's Hotel, whore Mlr. Ainsley had been murdered. Nothing was apparent on the stage, and, as not a word of intro duction had been given to the audience, no one knew what to expect. Suddenly two forms, apparently starting from nothing, appeared within the chamber; a bearded Mr. Ainsley and a lady, who bore as close a resemblance as possible to his wife, in the dress we supposed she might then have worn. I had stationed myself at a side point whence I could watch the stage and see Mrs. Ainsley's face as well. I scrutinised the latter keenly, and could see by the eager outstrotonea lace, toO nan-openen lips, and the convulsive heaving of the bosom, that she was drinking in overy detail of the scene. I marked overy move mont of her body, every muscle of her faceo, as the phantom Mr. Ainsley on the stage turned half-round and away from the phantom lady. I could see her gasp for breath; I could see her gaze enchained immovably upon the spectacle, as the phantom murderess (meant to be a counter part of herself) stole stealthily up behind the bearded man, holding a dagger uplifted in her jewelled hand, while every object in the room could be distinctly seen through both the phantom forms. An awful silence seemed to paralyse the astonished audience, totally at a loss to account for the scene or its mode of pro duction. The dagger in the jewelled hand descended upon the back of the phantom Mr. Ainsloy; both phantoms vanished; a thrill of horror ran through the hushed and motionless assembly, and, with a low moan, Mrs. Ainsley sank forward upon the floor. But at this moment there rang through the salon a shriek so discordant in its un earthly shrillness, a yell of such infinite despair, tlhat I, with the rest of the guests, rose to my feet as if struck by an electric shock, and looked to the quarter whence the awful cry proceeded. Thlier stood a young and beautiful female with arms hung wildly above her head, her lovely features evidently in awful agony. A second yell, even more fearful and unearthly, succeeded the first, suddenly changing into peals of ghastly and horrible laughter. I rushed up, seeing that there was a maniao to deal with, and, with the assistance of several gentlemen, succeeded in restraining and carrying her to an interior chamber. As I did so, I observed, with what feelings I leave you to imagine, that she, too, wore three rings, the cosunterpart of those worn by the murdered Mlr. Ainsley and his wife. The sequel is soon told. The lady who went mad at the tablcaux. virants was a cousin of the widowed Mrs. Ainsley, closely resembling her in appearance, and a re markably beautiful creole. It seemed that at one time Mr. Ainsloy had paid her par ticular attentions, but that, for some reason or other, those had been broken off, and he had ended by marrying as he did. This incident, of course, ended my search. There was no doubt in my mind that the unfor tunate lady, illustrating Byron's saying, that " hell hath no fury like a woman scorned," was the actual assassin of Mr. Ainsley. Justice, however, raises no sword against a madwoman, and nobody has yet unravelled the mystery of the St. Louis murder but myself, Mr. Ainsley's brother, and you. A young lady, who was in January playing Ariel in tlme burlesque of The Tempest called Prospero, at the Imperial Theatre, London, is quite blind. She directs her action entirely by sound. Owing to the temporary absence of the Miranda of tihe burlesque one night this blind lady took the part of the heroine for the evening, and, although necessarily much prompted, she actually went through the performance without exciting the slightest suspicion among the audience as to her condition. 