NEEDLES: "Short, Sharp, Shiny." Bees. Honey. Gossip. Tonight. Experiences. Mr. Bonney's. Assembly tired. Land Bill exhausting. Ministry sticking to colors. Legislative Council on taxation. Farmers' friends on the warpath. Bakerian cackle feeble but funny. Suakim in very demoralised condition. Oughton again conductor Military Band. On Fool's Day compulsory pilotage revived, Workingmen want cheaper railway tickets Victorian gunboats arrived at Portsmouth. General Gorden reported to have been cap« tured. Boot assistants want to go in far early closing. New maxim—To owe is human, to pay divine. William Shannon declines to come out for Albert. Riverina people still agitating separation question. The sale of German beer is increasing in England. Freethought Society intending welcoing Mr. Symes. Lunacy commission report will be ready in a few weeks. Another censuring motion against English Government. The second Bermagiu mystery still puz- zling the police. Work is still being proceeded with at the Woodside mines. Mr. Tomkinson's economical proposals re- jected yesterday. Earl of Pembroke is said to be dying. He is 33 years of age. Mr. Knight holds seven offices in the Northern Territory. Miss Genevieve Ward, a talented actress, coming to Australia. Mr. Baker is afraid to use his own language in attacking the press. Passenger train went to Hergott Springs for first time yesterday. Intercolonial cricket match New South Wales v. Victoria to-day. The offices of the London School Board have already cost £73,000. Venerable shepherd kings immensely pleased with Baker's cackle,. Mr. Howe thinks there is no more land in the colony worth dummying. Mr. Baker posed as a distinguished member of the poultry yard on Friday. Wanted to know the fate of the Taxation Bill in the Legislative Council. Mr. Knight, the man of many offices, should have enough to occupy his time. C Company volunteers have said good-bye to their late captain, Major Clark. Land Leagues on Irish lines are being formed in North and South Wales. Mr. Newland wants more nominated immi- grants to come to this free country. Riverina talks of separation when all the colonies are thinkinDg of federation. Victorian Coffee Taverns Company have declared a dividend of 10 per cent. Mr. W. E. Peterswald presented with serio-comic address by Customs officers. Lnnacy Commission going te examine in- mates North-terrace Parliamentary Asylum. A pew in Dr. John Hall's church, New York, was recently sold at public auction for £390. Mr. Rees is a visiting justice to the Lunatic Asylum. He how signs himself M.P., J.P., and V.J. Carlyle and the Hon. R. C. Baker will be remembered as the two greatest minds of this century. What monster monopolies we should have if some of our disinterested statesmen (?) had their way. Archibald Forbes, the great war correspon- dent, actually lost himself in the new London law courts. Mr. Commissioner Stuart, S.M., considers that the Local Court should be supplied with a telephone. All our politicians want to abolish grants- in-aid to district councils, but none will tackle the business. New South Wales Parliament asked to release the lunatic Cresswell. Let McElhone change places. Police investigating supposed attempt to wreck the Nairne train, but nothing much yet discovered. The German imperial navy consists of 108 war ships carrying 518 guns, and a crew of over 12,000 men. "Lotta," the American actress, has been hissed for singing a burlesque of a Moody and Sankey hymn. The collapse of English rule in India, asserted Skobeloff, would be the beginning of England's downfall. It was cackle, cackle, cackle, cackle, flap your wings and crow, in the Legislative Council yesterday. Milksellers water milk, chaffsellers give abort weight, publicans adulterate grog, and brewers water their beer. What next. "When are you going to pay me that money, Jones?" Jones (indignantly)—"Do you take me for a blooming prophet?" Icelanders are in a bad way. Failure of crops, a terrible epidemic of measles, and emigration have left the island anything but prosperous. During a heavy storm of wind near Air- drie a fall of live perches occurred. The fish must have been caught up from the water in a whirlwind. Madame Blavatsky's familiar spirit made a fac-simile of a sapphire ring in her posses- sion. This ghost would get good wages from the jewellers. The dignified Presbyterian ministers in Victoria fighting again; one rev. gentleman calls his brother a combination of Pecksniff and Uriah Heep. It is said that Mr. Playford would be so cruel as to hang a dummy. He could employ himself better by hanging some of the parlia- mentary lay figures. Mr. A, S. Hill, member of the House of Commons, wishes the Queen to establish a Council of the Empire at which the colonies shall be represented. The trifling victory of Sontay seems to have turned the heads of some French writers. They talk about it as having "wiped out Sedan." The annual balance-sheet of the Salvation Army shows that nearly £100,000 was ex- pended last year, the whole amount being covered by the receipts. Music is now permitted by the Society of Friends, but musical entertainments, balls, gaming-places, horse races, and playhouses are among the forbidden things. Prince Bismarck has received an anony- mous present of a large and magnificent piece of tapestry, on which is represented the scene of the Emperor Henry IV. doing penance at Canassa. Out of thirty millions of people mostly fools, Carlyle was a pre-eminently wise man. Out of three hundred thousand people, the Hon. R. C. Baker—but why pursue the sub- ject? Worth is apparent, M. Baspail wanted to abolish the French embassy to the Vatican. It was derogatory, he insisted, for a representative of the France of 1789 to kiss the Papal toe. This motion was rejected by 325 votes to 191. The project for a canal across Florida, connecting the Gulf of Mexico with the Atlantice, is being warmly taken up in America. The canal will be 139½ English miles long, aud will cost £9,000,000. The old house chosen by Charles Dickens as the scene of many of the incidents recorded in "The Old Curiosity Shop" is about to be pulled down, owing to its dangerous condition. It is situated in Portsmouth, St. Lincoln's- Inn-Fields. The American Consul at Crefield has re- ported that all the marriages between American young ladies and German noble- men of which he has heard (thirty-one in number) have resulted in divorce, abandon- ment, or separation. A Mohammedan in Assam eloped with the wife of a Manipuri gentleman, who took 300 rupees to square the matter. Two hundred villagers angry at his conduct murdered the husband. As the two hundred say they are all guilty they have all been arrested. Some interesting relics of Napolean I. have been sold at Hastings. They consisted of three views of St. Helena, an occasional table made from a willow tree which grew over the grave of the emperor, and a ma- hogany chair, the last the emperor ever sat in. 