ECHOES OF MELBOURNE [By The Ghost.] Tho political world is now in a dead oalm ; a calm which, according to some prophets, in whom the wish is perhaps father to the thought, portends a coming storm. From what point of the compass the hurricane is to blow is, how ever, up to tho present a. mutter of tho merest surmise. Maior Smith and Mr. Mirams have made a mild attempt to oreato » feeling of op position to the Government, without any groat measure of success attending their efforts in this direction; biit none of the othor morabere who sit to the loft of Mr. Speaker in tho Assembly have made any sign, the encourage ment given to tho two gentlemen who have indulged in extra parliamentary oratory adverse to the Coalition not being of a kind much calculated to warrant a repetition of the experi ment. Mr. Mnckay and Mr. Gaunson, whose, loqunoity in tho House is notorious, have pro served a discreet silence, and Mr. M'Intyro has not yet returned from his journey home to vent his spleen at having been disappointed in induoing the Britiuh capitalist to invest in tho Maldon ? mines on all who differ from him. Mr. Patterson, too, is still in England, so tbat there is Borne small probability of a diminution of the stream of words that ordinarily flows with such violence at the commencement of every sesstou. Meanwhile the Ministry are making the most of the few idle days still at their disposal before Parlia ment assembles to finally deoide on what bills are to be promised in the vice-regal speeoh on the 10 tb, and meet daily in Cabinet Council to' impart the final polish and rob off the angular portions of the measure! they intend to submit. TheBo, if rumour can be credited, are to be as few and as 'unimportant as possible. The matters to be dealt with will bo entirely of a 'social'' oharaster, involving no quostlon of policy, nnd embroiling do subjects, calculated to lead to party divisions. .And although tho Land Aot expired, some years ago, unless compelled/' by the' fofae of oircumBtanoes,' whioh in plain English means, a, sufficiently powerful Opposi tion, tho GoVornment do not intend inviting any fresh legislation during tho present session, the exouse tendered boing- that it will bo well to watch tho suooeBs of the Mnllee Settlement Aot beforo dealing with the romnining portionn of the unalionatod lands of cue culony. Tho tariff report and tho education report are both tho work of Commissions, and will, therefore, bo handed over to tho tondor mercies of the Assembly, to bo dealt with at tho Bweet will of honourable mombors, in a 'go-as-you- please' fashion, which, although hardly con ducive to sound legislation, is ominontly satis factory to a Ministry anxiouB to avoid any unpleasant liability, and to load a peaoeablo and lengthened existence. Independently of the absence of ' burning' questions, and subjects upon whioh the life of iue _ Government may hinge, events now tran spiring aro working in a dirootion whioh must ensure a long tonor of powor to the prcsont in cumbents of office. Tho news that tho dyna mite faction has commenced notive operations in London, and a section of the undesirable fratornity haB left San Francisco en route to the Australian colonies, has aroused un intense fooling of distrust of the party whioh owed allegiance to Sir Bryan O'Loghlon, who mainly compose the present Parliamentary Opposition, and rendered tho return ot any of thorn to tho coveted Treasury benches impossible for many years to come. Truly the stars in their courses may. be said to bo working in favour of Mr. Service. And apropos of this gentleman, nothing more has up. to the prosont been hoard of the in tended knighthood. It is expeoted, howover, that next mail will bring the usual letter, by which tho oonferronce of the honour is generally preoeded. In regard to Mr. Berry, it is not likely that his democratic virtue will bo( assailed by the offer of a title, and that ho Iwill be afforded the opportunity of boing able to boast »f its rejection, even should he deoide upon this course, and on this point there is room for considerable doubt. Tho newspaper of which ho was a short time ago part-propriotor has oppressed the opinion that thore is nothing Incompatible between a domocratio leader and a titular dintinotion, and that Mr. Berry would bo conferring an honour on ' tho party ' by accepting tho prefix to his ? name. Perhaps, therefore, whon the grapes are no longer sour, they may be swallowed. The 'unemployed 'difficulty has been Bottled without tho interference of tho Government) who wisely perceiving tho bogus oharactcr of the movement, allowed it to settle itBelf. Tho contractor for outting down a portion of Ken sington Hill has published a letter, in which ho asserts that ho is prepared to employ hb many men as offer themselves, at 7s a day, and to pay twioe that amount for horses and oarts. but that ho cannot obtain thorn. Tho faot is that despite their protests, and the patting. on tho back the interviewers aro subjected to by the 'popular ' journals, the fellows who affirm they require work are ' loafers,' or belong to the class who go about ' looking for work and praying they may not find it.' Perhaps the choice has been made as a compli ment to our Scotch Premier, for there is really no other reason why tho military authorities should have selected tartan oloth in proforenco to 'true blue,' as the material wherewithal our Artillery Militia shall be clothed. A more unfortunate choice could hardly have bepn made, and already, a number of the men have, signified their intention of leaving tho service if compelled to make 'guys' of them selves. Major Sargobd's' soft goods exporienoo may perhaps have led him to pronounce the ohosen cloth as a ' a neat thing in plaidp,' but it IB too bad that at the very outset of their' career our national defenders should bo liable to the taunt that they ' are always 'kept in check.' How these University Professors love each other to bo sure! Their brotherly nffeotion almost equals that of the mombors of tho Presbyterian Assembly. Not long ago two of tho learned professors, nftor hurling at.oaoh other epithets the reverse of classical, indulged in a bout of fisticuffs, an i now we have another ' gentleman' of tho professorial staff bringing an unfoundod charge of neglect of duty against one of his colleagues. Mr. Elkington is the offender in this case, the assailed one boine Professor Andrew. The oharge was disproved^ but notwithstanding this fact, tho acdaser has not apologised. Outsiders not conversant with University. etiquette may be induced to infer from this episode, that ' polite literature' aad gooa manners ao not at timea go nnna in nand. Tha viotims of the Oriental Bank failure in Sydnoy are decidedly in their generation wiser than their Viotorian fellow sufferers. A orodi tor in tho neighbouring colony has taken pro ceedings against the defaulting institution, ind the Supreme Court Judges have decided -taut ho is at liborty to consider the bank as solvent, and to proceed to judgmont and execution, there being no legal ovidenco in the colony of ?' the suspension of payment. Victorians aro apt .to pride themselves on their ' smartness,' but it iB ovident their neighbours across the Murray can give them points, and beat them into tho .bargain. Morgan, the perpetrator of the horrible double outrage at Panmure, has expiated his crimes, and the gallows has claimed its due. Before meeting his doom he confessed his guilt, thus setting the minds of tho jury that brought in a verdict of guilty entirely at their ease. He, however, emphatically denies the assertion that he is the author of a like tragedy enacted under exactly similar circumstances in Tas- mania some twenty-six years since, and is most desirous that this denial should be made public. Even a wretch so vile as he has shown himself to be is not entirely lost to self esteem, and is anxious not to appear worse than he is in the eyes of his fellow men. Some months ago, the proprietors of a number of country newspapers met in Molbourne and: formed an association under tbo somewhat im posing title of 'Tho Provincial Press Union,' with the object of protecting themselves against advertising agents, and by a system of coopera tion, oheaponing the cost of the metropolitan news and coirespondence. The affair, howover, has not proved the success its originators anti cipated. Some of the promoters have already soooded from the Union, and others aro, it is said, on the eve of following their example. After a short trial it was found impossible to get on without tho well known and established agencies in Molbourno, and the correspondents found it difficult to shape thoir epistles so as to pleaso the Liberal lion while not offending the . Conservative lamb. The organisation, ushered into existence amidst a loud flourish of rheto rical trumpets, is not.from present appearanoea, likely to provo long-lived ; for evon the most patient readers of country broadsheets like something better in the shape of nows than a , series of Police Court' items and mysterious hints of loandali, ' 'shortly to be made publio,' I whioh have no existonoof save in tho imagina tion of the writer of the 'sensational' para graphs. Tho identically same letter published in a Booro of pravinoial papers Iosob muoh of its lutorost. Oajsar becomes too muoh liko Pom poy, and ex uno disce omncs in hardly a suitable motto for a number of country journals, Variola or Varicolla ? This is at present tho question in Molbourno anont which dootora differ. Tho unluoky patient has dono his best; towards puzzling tho medical fraternity by' shuffling off this mortal coil, and it will thore foro, in all probability, ho a matter of debate whether the man Burkor died of umall-pox or ohioken-pox. One solution of tho problem haB boen offered by Dr. Youl, tho City Ooronor, who has oxpressed tho opinion that tho malady .to which tho patient succumbed is a now' disease developed in AuRtralia, The theory, howover, appears a far-fetched one. Those Bunny southoru olimos aro unfavourable even to ,- tho development of tho germs of most of the ' -ld world epidemics, and are hardly likely there- ' fore to generate fresh ones. Any now ailments,,' such for instance as tho protection orazo and the ' Borry blight,' only affect tho body politic ' ''? In the theatrical world, thore is not muoh to ' record. ' Mario. Antoinette' is drawing good' houses at tho Opora House, with Signo'ra Majeroni in the titlo role. Tho PrinooBs is ati present closed. Miss Gonoviovo Ward is starring' in tho country, preparatory to ' opening at the Royal, whilo tho 'New Magdalen,' with Miss Joffreys-Lowis and Mr.: Alfred Darnnier in the pnnoipal parts, are' attracting fair audionoes. At the Bijou, 'La1 Belle Helone' has givon place to tho always ? popular 'Kilo do Madame Angot,' Mise/ Melville having every reason to be satisfied with'V the publio patronage aooorded her. Opera at', popular' priocB evidently suits the taste of the , Melbourne theatre goors. . Juno 6. ?; , J : Curious Geological Discovery.— In i sinking a marl-pit at Modewarre, near . Geelong; i' Victoria, - .'a: ;few ' weeks ' ago, a farmer came vipon a- valuable bed of sea shells and partially decayed bones of all descriptions. The; chief specimen found' as yet is the skeleton of an' animal, said by the finder' to have been several feet long. It was found in a cave or passage, at the depth of about 15ft., embedded in tho above-named shell bank, which appears to '- be of vast extent and depth. Another'' burrow, about' 15in. in diameter, has just* x been opened, but nothing more: of import-'.' ance has yet come to light. The extremity ' of .neither . of the holes has yet been l reached* Modowarre is about ten miles from the sea, with a range of high 'hills :' between it and' the Pacific coast. ' ' The \ bones are in a state of fossilisation and ' very, fragile. ' The head measures 5in. i across at the widest part, and about 7in.'; from the occiput, to the point of the tusks, ' of which there arc four;2in. long, 'two :in ' either jaw. There are 36 other teeth, a!T; grinders— 18 in the uppor and 18 in the'! lower jaw, in rows of nine each. ; '- Hop Bittkrs abb, the Pubebt and Best;' Bittebs Ever Made.— They are com-, pounded from Hops, Malt, Buchu, Man-, drake, and Dandelion — the oldest, best, , and most valuable medicines in the world, ; tand contain all tha best 'and most, curative j properties of all other remedies, being the,. greatest Blood Purifier, Liver Regulator/ and Life and Health; Restoring Agent on earth. No disease or ill health can possibly long exist where these Bitters are used, so varied and perfect are thoir operations. They give new life and vigour to the aged and infirm. To all whose employments cause irregularity of the bowels or, urinary organs, or who require an appetizer, tonic and mild stimulant, Hop Bitters are in-J valuable, being highly curative, tonic andi stimulating, without intoxicating. No - matter what , your feelings or symptoms! are, what the disease or ailment is, use' Hop Bitters. Don't wait until you: are' sick, but if you only feel bad or .miserable, ' use Hop Bitters at onco., It may saver your life. Hundreds ; have been saved by« so doing. : .£500 will be paid for. a. case'' they .will; not cure or help. 75o not suffer or let your friends suffer, bat ise and urge; them to use Hop Bitters. Remember, Hop* Bitters is ,no. vile,' drugged, drunken'. nostrum, out /one purest ana Dest medicine over made ; the ' Invalid's Friend and, Hope,' and no person or family should be without thorn. Try the Bitters to-day.' Get at Chemists or Druggists. ....;? An apothecary shop , is made of the stomach by those 'who swallow, with) avidity, every' prescription commended 'to' their lips. The result is the system is not* only irretrievably ruined, but really' efficacious remedies lose their virtue. If people would only exorcise more judg ment than credulity, and have less faith than circumspection 'about them, they: would confide' only in those measures that assert their own supremacy. They would take nothing into the system but' what- like TJdolpho Wolfe's Schiedam Aromatic Schnapps, vindicates' its value by its effects. ' ? 