VICTORIA. [FBOJI OT/B OWN 0OBBE8PONDENT.] Meebouene, September 14. The second day's racing of the Ballarat Turf Club was held on .Saturday. The'priucipal race was the Ballarat Handicap Steepleohaso which resulted as follows : Katunga, Oat 91b., 1; Blackthorn, I2st 10ib., 2 ; GoldrinderlOat. ', . 3; Katunga won by about eight lengths, the rnnA hp.incr nnr- nf thft nr^if.ipsfc itimninp events of the meeting. Ballarat Handicap,— Egerton, Rat 71b., 1 ; Stafford, 7st 131b , 2 ; Precious Stone, Sat . 41b,, 3, Thirteen horse - started. Won by three lengths. Dr Shieldi on Saturday reported that smallpox had apparently been Btampcd out, fourteen dajs having elapsed sinco tho isolation of Mrs Hurtou. of Hotham, the last reported case. The report, however, was premature, as soon afterwards Dr Shields was informed that tho husband of that patient had contracted disease. Herton has been removed to the Sanatorium, Septe r.bar 15, The general entries for the Caulfiold Cup meeting, which takes place on Saturday, the 11th October wero made te day. For tho Caulrield Guineas the following- entries were received :— Rebus, Merriinu, Rufus, Silver King, David, Chloe, Loporella, Sandal Helens Gratitude, Treraando, Sirocco, Pilot, Bohemian, Cairngorm, and Wee tallabah, Waiting Maid, Hampstead, Fernside, First Prince, Benudesert, Phaon Cardigan, Queen's Own First, Flaensur, Corday, Eagle, Grango, Nelly Farren, Ledos, Oeric, Tyrrel, Beeoh, Remus, Brinkman, Wolseloy, California, Cairos, Nordenfeldt, Peroussion, Matchlock, Lennox, Hexbam, Monte Christo, Pretorian, Uralla, Angora, Algorian, Guanno, and Perchance. For the Great Foal Stakes. — Merry Christinas Gns-Burnor, Local Option, Narrovyeen, School Girl, Waiting Maid, First Prince, Ring master, Sanogron, b.f. by Julian Avenol — Ladj Adelaide, Carew, br.o by Epigram — Plmon, and blk c by King of tho King Lady Hilton. For tho Uaulfield Cup.— Commotion, Haltin, Weloomo Jack, Martini Henry, l tie Hunger, I1 ryingpan, Sir Moored, Sweet William, Warwick, Uhuckater, Ring wood, Despot, Boolka. Duration, Rapid, Anglesey, Capri, The Andes, Colstoun, Hastings, : Sir Garnet (late The Hebrew, Britisher, Scaramouob. Ironmaster, The Ghost, Salvo, Maroney, Claptrap, Baron ' von Mueller, Conjecture, Ned o1 the Hills, ' Vergy,. Comet, Viotress, Troy, Yately, Came rine, Bataillous, Blink Bonny, Ironhand, Bendd Or, Morceau, Black Diamond, King of the Gipsies, Hufus, Paganini, Plausible, Silver King, Lord Clifden, Privateer, Signor Norfolk, S.irocco, Meteor, Voruet, The Apent Lord Wilton, Uobert the Devil, Flying Jib, Hebe, Too Too, LaviiiRton, Es'tatos, Tom boy, His Worship, Feuratto, Soa Horsb, Permit, aud Hawthorne. 