COSMO GORDON. CHAPTER VTIL 8BBD3 0F SOBBOW. "Friends, 1 neighbours, and countrymeh, lend me your eara," cried May Miduleton with a grandiloquent air. Lady -Buteel looked pathetic, and just a little injured. Itwas'hardly a thing to joke about, dear Peyton having to address the electors of Latehford. No "anny with banners" could have been more terrible to the mind of this loving wife than the crowd that she had already in vivid imagination seen clustering about that one grand central figure—Peyton—Peyton looking vary red iii the face and very ahort of breath, altogether remarkably as if he had his feet in a pan of- uncomfortably hot water. , She knew he would look like that. She had dreamt of him like that, and awakened sMVerinf^ The bare idea of going to watch bim ana listen to him through the coming ordeal made - her. shiver again, and yet my lady could not have stayed away to save her life. "It will be terrible for you, I know, but take courage; I will sit by you and hold your hand the whole time,'' Selina had said with a touching air of self-forgetful devotion the night be&ret; and the situation would have been really pathetic but for that dreadful " rer who remarked Apropos of Miss Clapperton's kind offer :- "Mia Fhat is just what I say to Bertie when he is going to have one of his dear little white toosey- pegs out*" ' - " There are certain disagreeable persons in the world," thought Selina, "whose mission it seems to be, to shake the'bloom off other people's eyes, and of these Mervyn Power's wife-is undoubtedly one." \- For wits not attention at once turned away entirely.. from thie touching spectacle of SeTina'fj devotion/and centred upon that brat whom! (everybody made stich an idolbf. "Tdlme abqut the last toofch. he had out, B&B; 3ear )"- ; faid : ,tlie doting grandmother; " what was'it the dear chud said! Sometiih^ dreftdfully clever, I know." After that the conversation became, in MiBs Clapperton's estimation, mere drivel— and she was glad when the time came for the ladies to retire to their bed-chambers, and thei men to' disappear ihtb the Bmoking-ro om. NoWj May's jesting allusion to the great event of the day appeared' to this " wise virgin" to present a nappy chance of bringing herself once more to the fore as the loving, sympathetic shadow of the lady of the hbuse. ; With a reproachful glance at pretty May. standing erect with head thrown back, and hand , extended towards an imaginary audience, Belina rushed to Lady Unlteenj side and whispered something ; in -which the word'** thoughtless" was distinctly audible. "No;Selina; ! don't think May meajis to be thoughtless,'' said her tactless Ladyship out -aloud, raising her eyeglass to take a better' look' at thelair would-be orator. "What have I done?" cried poor crest fallen May, coming down with a run. from her imaginery rostrum. " I am always" " Saying or. doing the wrong thing," she was going to add, but Sir Pey ton, coming up behind_her, patted her gentiy'oh theshoulder, and finished her sentence for her. "Always charming—always the sunshine that helps to ..make things bright'for everybody, eh ? There, now," he went on, with s. triumphant beaming smile at his better half, That's not so bad a speech for an old fellow like me, with one- foot in the grave, as you may say—eh, -Selina ?" Selina left the room with more speed than grace. How could she tell whether blundering Sir Peyton would not go on to insinuate that one of* her' own high- heeled shoes was hanging over "the verge of the si'ent tomb preparatory to stepping in? : The proverbial boll in the china-shop was quite 'a discriminating and delicately thoughtful kind - of an animal compared to Sir Peyton when rampantly jocose; and was not Miss Clapperton a sort of human sensitive plant—more especially upon the subject of the flight of time ? A couple of hours after the small social skirmish -which ended m the flight of Selina, Sir Peyton Bulteel, slightly redder in the face than, usual, and a'thought nervous in his speech, suirounded by his friends and supporters, was holding forth to the multitude from-the -balcony of Latehford Town HaU, while, in a roomon the'ground floor, of that palatial building, bis wife, blue with fear and anxiety, sat with a bottle of fimftllitig-Balte "in' one: hand, and her other grasping fast hold of May's. "Do you think dear Peyton is doing it nicely?" gasped Her Ladyship to Mr. Jupp, whocfeaficeafco come that way, " on business thoughts intent." Mr. Jupp airily waved his hand, as though he would indicate that Sir Peyton's oratory was beyond all words. He was in himself enough to keep any one!s spirits up, if anything could. . In honour of the: day he.' had attired' himself with even more than his ordinary splendour. The bouquet in his. button-hole was suggestive. _of a coachman's -decorations on a drawing-room day, and he shone and coruscated in the sunshine, of so gorgeous a nature was. the-jewellery which adorned his substantial person. Mervyn Power followed him about like his shadow, watching him with a pensive, con templative, all-appreciating expression of countenance edifying to behold. "I am -enjoying, myself thoroughly," he whispered to ms wife, as the two stood side by side a moment in the crowd. " I rather dreaded the day as likely to be slow. But just look at Jupp i Could any one weary withBuch a life-study before them? "Time cannot stale his infinite variety 1 , of costume. I watch him with a calm delight, He is a series of surprises. I never know what he will do oraay next, or 'wherewithal he will beelothed.' Look at his bouquet, his beaming-face, his diamonds flashing in the sun! A Jew's eye, a king's ransom—all kinds of poetical imagery come up before me as I look upon. bim. He is the most perfect thing of has kind I ever saw." . Mr. Jupp, on his part, was flattered at Sir Mervyn Power's attention, but thought he might have been better dressed for such an occasion and put on a little more " toggery." " Seen my place?" he said, alluding to the pagoda-like residence with the statues all in a row outside among the greenery. "No," said Mervyn, preparing to enjoy himself; "but I should like to do so." "Well, so you shall. It's a regular tiptop show-place, mine, you know; none of your mubty old ruins that' have been in a family any time this 500 veajs, and are full of ghosts and lumber. Everything's spicand-span, sir, in my place from garret to cellar—good knobs to the rails and gateposts, stained-glass windows all through; even the butler's pantry has one—subject, Israelites gathering Manna in the Wilderness. Neat and suitable; isn't it ? When ! wanted to set up a place of my own there was an agent fellow wanted me to buy aft old manor-house some miles across country. Well, I went to look at it, and had my joke out of it too. You know my little way Y Mervyn nodded, as much as to say it was an excellent way. - " * Ifs all good enough in its way,' says I to that agent, 'but it's beyond my price.' Lord! you should have seen the chap's face! * Beyond your price, Mr. Jupp! ' Come, now,' says he, r thafs a good an, that is.' 'I don't want a cast-off place of some one else's, 1 want a new place of my own,' says I, and that place is beyond my price. Why, man,- it costs 300 years or so to buy that place, and I haven't get 'em to give. I don't want people to say, " That's Jupp's, that is; he made his money across the counter, did Jupp, «nd then bought a ruin and called it his ancestral 'alls." ' No, no_, I've made my money and I want to spend it and enjoy it. I flatter myself I've done the job too, continued Mr. Jupp, drawing himself up and slipping his thumbs into the armholesof his vast white waistcoat; " but I'm not one to set myself up for what I'm not. I'm plain Josiah Jupp, and I've been a deuced lucky dog, and one as aint ashamed to wag his tail and show as he's pleased neither. ' Yon should have a -picter gallery,' sayB my agent. «Build it,' sayB I. < You should fill it with icters, says he. * Fill it,' says I—and Sidn't the picter fellows come skipping about the place! Why, it was for all the world like the eagles we read about in the scripter, coming about the carcase in hopes of a meal. ' What a hie you have, Mr. Jupp,' says one. ' What a judge of hart you are, Mr. Jupp,' says another. I tell yon what it is, there s no liar in creation beats an artist chap, with his last ' little effort'- under his arm, and a long price on the tip of his tongue.'' At this interesting point of the conversation a loud burst of cheering told that " dear Peyton" was excelling himself, and Her Ladyship became slightly hysterical. ( To be continued. > T t3F Accountants, Land, Loan, Hotel, House, and General Agents, Transfers, Mortgages, Leases prepared, Partnerships arranged, Begi&trara; of Births and Deaths. Immigrants' Land Orders purchased Mopey to lend. Lonergan & Wilson, Lome Chambers, King William-street (opposite Town Ball). 160-lmwfc t r The best Watch to keep time and stand rough work is one of Wendfs Silver Htg. E. Levers, guaranteed to give satisfaction. To be bad at 70, Bundle-street, for £410s. and upwards. Especially recommended for Bush work. Botheram's Silver Levers, £5 each. £48mwfc gS" A TRUISM.—~For a quarter of a century it has been an established fact that the best place for Men's, Youths', and Boys' Clothing is the Glasgow HouBe, 11 and 13, Hindley-street. The Stock is Varied, Kxteosire, and Good. Proof is the best test try them. 7ovd 