I, ECHOES OF MELBOURNE. sr [BY Tue Gnost.] The long holiday Ministers have been enjoyiig inbbe Noveinmber last, has come to an end, ind Messrs. Kerferd and Gillies having, returned from their New: Zealand pleasure trip, Mr. Service intends jutting s his team to, begin the work of preparation y, foethlio.Parliamenitary session, which is to i comimeirie in the middle of June next; not Sthat there is really,very, much for the SGovermnhent to do beyond deciding on the railway. lines,, the construction of which' is to be recommended;and arriving at some decision in regard to the way theremsagnus oijuiis' of Mr. Miraums-thlie tariff ,report-is' to be'"dealt with. The rest ofthe promised Slegislation being chiefly conndeted, with: socialquestions; is of the kind Which, like the Americit'CandidAte's 'politics, "' can be 'alterdd to'sUit.", ' Nothing of a very heroic 'haracter i'i tq, be attempted,; if .the adop tioii=of the principle of Local Option in a 'new measure to regulate the liquor traffic be "eicepted. fBut even' the bark 'of. this ''ill will be vWorse thanm its bite,'. for the clause? Which pro vide' that coinpensation is to be given to the p?iopjrietors 'of disfrainchised public houses by the inhabitants of the locality desiring their abolition, will cause even the most. rampant ofR echabites to pause ,before commencing the wholesale annihila 'tion'of 'the publicanis. The gilt is very cmuch taken' sift'reforms that entail any general depletion of the br'eches pocket, and in this case the Blue Ribbon Army would certainly have to pay pretty heavily to bringtheir hope of compulsorily enforcing sobriety to a thoroughly successful fruition.. The fteetotalers are, however, a large and growing power in the State, and there is very little doubt, therefore, that as the' present Government have, up to the, pre sent, shown a' great capacity for tem'ering the wind to the political lambs of every 'species of fleece, they will placate thd tee total vote by a bill which will be the 'shadow, if not the: substance, of what is 'a'sked for. SMuch, however, in the way of initiating fresh legislation will not be done until after the long threatened attack of the honourable and gallant member for Bal larathas unmasked the Opposition batteries. Major Smith" opens fire on the 7th, and is to'be followed. by some. of the rank and file of the'" party" lie' aspires to lead: This disclosure of the' hand before the game commences. is generally looked upon .asrV 'strategical. mist'ke, vven by ."the Major's" friends. Mr. Service, despite his own assertions'to the contrary, hllas shown 'liimsidlf to bepossessed of a backbone quitoe as pliable as that of any of his predecessors, and is uite" capisble of profiting by. any hints, in order to ascertain how the wind is likely to'bilow; and of trimming his sails in such a way as not' only to catch the favouring gale, but. of preventing it from inflating his opponent's canvas.' An unfortunate fatality iappears to, attach to any festivities with which the I name of the Marquis of Normanby is' 1 associated; 'On repeated occasions balls ad din'ers "given by the Goverinor have been' postponed; owing 'to the decease of some one''"df"'his Excellenicy's numerous relatives, who would'pertinaciously persist in joining the greatiaj'rity,on the veryove, of some .of the a?rie guberziatorial parties. And now'it is the "death 'of the youngest < of our QuFen's sons that causes the aban- I donment of the banlquet projected to speed the 'departing -Victorian .Viceroy. His Excellency 'was willing to' 'delity his embarkation for a day in order to ' allow of -the dinner tobe hold, but the Town Hall, was not available, and there is no other locality in Melbourno sufficiently capacious 1 to accommodate the number of guinea banquetters,desirous of being present, and placingthicir.legs under the same maho gany as a peer of the realm. This is much to be regretted, for assuredly his Excel-. leney's valedictory utterances wouldchbvo been invested with. the interest which ihnvariabl'y attaches to "last dying speeches and'confessions." People in 'articulo moerfes generally tell, the truth, and Lord'Nor manby might have been expected to express himself something .after this fashion: " Gentlemen,you are perhaps surprised that the Governorship of Victoria should have gone a-begging, and have. been at last bestowed on a comparatively unknown man,'but there ii really, nothing, toabe madeout of the position. A Governor is now expected to 'expend his entire salary in the,. colony. He has "to pay his own aide-de-camp, his pwn . secretary, 1 his_ own' gardener, and even his own gas bill, and nasty. reinarks lire made in c Parliament. in regard tohis train ;fares; Heo is?,' moreover, expected to'I entertain as v guests at Government House every sprig I of nobility that uchance wafts to the-aunti podes, ahd to them open the portalsof'the p unsightly building everlookiug the Meol-: e bourne? ' iianurii depot,; to 'every 'colonial * 'governor, bishop, or big, wig of ay de eeriptidn.,visiting'' ictoria's.,metropolis. y He has t' invrite all" the tag-rag and bob- c tail that choose to attend the levees or call on Lady Normanby (at an average cost of ' 15ssper head), and when in addition you t bear in mind that he has to..associate at e times with 'advisers,' some of whom drop their h's, have a hydrophobic horror of.the Order of the Bath,' and look upon the i washerwoman as a surplusage in. society, a it is hot a miatter for very 'much' surprise thlat ten thousiand a year is not very eagerly w sought after by first-rate men. To ab wealthy man the position has few attrac tions; and to a .poor. one, .fewer still." a Were Lord Normanby' to speak 'his, mind frecely' before; going;' the above' would be very nebarly the gist of his remarks. During v the isnterregnum between the ddparture. of the present Governor and the 'arrival' of bis stiuccessor, Sir William St?ell is. to act as her Majesty's representative' in' the ;olony' "This ' will "create 'a' vacnficy. an the Supreme Court iBench, 'whicls 'is already thinnqd by the 'absence on leave ,f Mr. Justie6 Williamis. The opportunity ii hor donning the much coveted ermine dis,it y is rumoured, not to be thrown' away by, i Mr:.Kerford, Aho, as Attorney-General; o1 kas the appointiuiet,'of . theJudges as one eu ,f his perquisiteds, and will, it is baid, ap-' L joint hins'elf. , Thiat the elevation of the conouiahble' gdntleman to ithe .Supreme court Bench is not. an improbable contina ;ency, mnay be gatliered .from the fact that ei acandidate supposed to be in the confi- se lence of the "medsiber for 'Beechwortlh is t; shesady feeling the electoral pulse of that tI sonstituency. Coming events: are credited ;su with casting their', shadows beforS them, p. and ?iznthe'now Law Courts Mr.. Kerferd ah rilhobnerl looins ominously .. .. r pl 'The militia still hangs fire, and Mr. Sar ;ood's ".armny"? appears as reluctant to w jolisthe' Defeuf'o' Forco as tha Egyptian fi fellaheon are to. fight. after, they have o1 become soldiers. There is tobe. no 'Easter ji rview,for the simple reason thatthere arel i too few men to'tako part in it.. Not even tI tle inducement of a ./'brown fighting uni- re orm "'j,is sufficienty to attract more to the rankb. Not 'e&-ifourth of the required p auimber have yt' come forward, audilis n' aow evident that in its present form'the pi defence scheme, of which so. much was uxpected, 'is ' an utter failure. The m University has" miade an offer, to of come to the rescue, but "it . remains 01 toibe soon whether the introduction of a sI C class" element, into. the national force ui will not make matters, worse instead of of better. It new is really a question worth ti considering' whether. at would niot b'e wi'e& tc to' give 'up "tinkering' .with'the qutestion, lii a 'd makeiupeour minds to ask the Horte tl Guiirls' to? send us 'out a regiment of 'S " regulars." Our.'Minister of Wiar'miglit w ceitainly reckon on the ladies' of Victoria tl supporting any proposal of the kind. of \- Mr. Anderson, the.traffiomanager of aobu' railwayi; has returned 'amuck travelled hi man. Whether his perogrinations 'in t foeign parts have had the "proverbial qi difect of enlarging his mind remains to be - aetn. His leave had still some months to rui, but he has hastened'bisck;Awag in iis office suggesting as a reason foar this ittp. 4that,:".he, objects to see his 'oile'e Bar'terd away." Unfortunately his return has been signalised by a severe railWay' M accident, in which three persons have lost le their--lives,' tand a .number of others hboe gi been ,imimed; 'and injured":' Nor 'liasthe m reign~ f iho .new Conmissioners oem- q monced 'auspi'iouly.: , They have :hardly cc babei ii office more than a month,2and ne already. there..is-:an 'accident which'will re cost thd .country some thousands of ptinds m in the'sbape of compensation, and repasrs ci to damaged1 .rolling ,stock, The. Little at River accident shows that even under' neo F political .chiefs, railway, officials still con- tI tinue to blunder, ,: L :, c: s At, length the detective polich "have a maide an arrest in connection with the a; tragedy known' as tho Pettavel murder The individual'. suslected is an escapee hinatic,Captain'Donovan, with 'ny nunm beh, of .aliased,' who- left the Yarra Boni Asylum some months ago, and has elhideo? the vigilance of his would-be .captors in , manner which shows:that in his madnes thore is a considerable amount of method At;.present the, evidence against. the prisoner is'very meagko.,; He was' seen ht the funeral, and oli his clothes there"'fs a few spots,, lyhitolftho, Government! m 'lytical echienist 'goes Ad fiars to pronounce as "possessing thid characteristics of human blood." Tlis is seairdelyy testim'oiny. on which to liang a man.' Weaker cases h'voe, however, eroetlis, beeon ",worked: ip "' by tIhe detectives, andperhaps before thoxnan is formally charged with the 'crime, addi tional circumstances ,may, transpire tq connect the accused "with 'the murder. The mystery surrounding the crime has cor 'taiily, up to' the'presont, not, had much light thrown upon?it." There is not much in the shape of novelty at the theatres. "Forget me not" still runs at the Princess, and at the 'Opera 'House "Jo "' and "The Grasshopper" appear in highs favoiur: 'At tihe ]Royal, "Thle Ticket-of-leavo' Dfa?i," described in the bills as a"' moral dramai," h'as?'e?laced "The Two Orphans"' At the Bijou; Miss: Emelie Melville is "playing in. English opera and in bouffe to good houses. The advance agent of rr., John E; Sheridan has arrived, and the production of the famous farcical comedy of "Fun on the Bristol" is announced for the end of the month. At the Intercolonial Exhibition a wrestling contest between Donald.Dinnie and Professor Miller, for the "Champion ship of the 'YWorld,'' takes place to-mor row. 