IHoveUet. INTRIGUE" f - —^ ? CHAPTER III.—(Coxtihubd.) ———* ' By Brigadier General Henry Ronald Mclver. E And now, <ienr, I trust your troubloa7ftro u> wd, snd yon will And happiness in our English home," Baid Lilins, softly jliw the golden head on her lap, heedless !lhe hsroo htr nuger? nmdo atuonget tho aj cutis. "Au opera ringer I " ojacnlntcd a. Conninglinnie, holding up her hands. Itsnk Heaven, my dear child, for having ml jou, ft Deiing, from such a horriblo it." Gidis's drooping eyelid" hid her contempt jtbillnly'eoUf fashioned prejudices, then tttonce, springing lightly to her fcot, ebo ;d,"lwill (iri? to you." Without awaiting rejlj, sha hipped across tho room, seated jstll tt thg pinuo, and commenced, with iUstprelude, that most beautiful nir from ijJiVi most beautiful opera of " Orfii die ?o." The grand, thrilling voico flooded * ifk'.c room with Hwuct harmony, and bai its last echo had died away, tears were Mining silently down liilia* , fair cheeks, ;d Mt!, Cunniuphamo t>nt looking with utement aY the frujjile, diminutive form, ;n which such a rolunm of sound issued. Gidiajn truth possessed n most rara voice, s voice tbat hud created n eemation, and d astonished more experienced and uupre- Jisd ewe than thoeo of her present idienw. It would seem that her boul—such ioulasLUiaspossessed—hnd passed entirely to her voice, enabling her to interpret graad as, of which die was in reality quito in pabls of uniliTstanding t no meaning. That ght Lilias Dering offered up a fervent uhghring for tho advent of tho girl *ho 8 belioved hrid been rent by a kind and jrciful Providence to fill tho aching void in t heart, nad prayed long and earnestly she ight be guided aright, bo that her beautiful tK might naver feel the loss of a mother's re. |f she could have foreseen -how her future. a to be influenced by this girl, with tho fair s snd glorious voico, the thanksgiving (aid bate been turned into tfpprayer for S' Whfn Gidia, after affectionately 'bidding to her aunt and Mrs. Cunning n9,had taken powession ottho pretty bed p, allotted to her, carefully looked the ?, end inepectcd closely with a critical idet&ilof; tho pleasant sitting-room leading ait,ber face lost entirely its open, inno- Blnpreasion, and assumed that of an ex nactd woman of tho world who fcole she Jfwsededin making a good bargain. Mt is even better than loxpeotedl" eho cMaed, as eho turned over tho oostly tioenta on her dresaing-tablo. " What a a I should have beon to havo stayed and ired my life away with Silvio, though how ifwrfellow will ravont losing tnoT And ilka by right of birth ie mino"—with an Sg?int stamp of hor small foot. "My fef was tho only son, the heir, and this stsKdprudieh thing, who is ho wonder -3jpatroDising, is only a usurper, find eho ?nitl" sho eaid viciously. "Still I ?M Dβ woreo off "—sho stood in front of (long mirror, clasping her hands behind J~"&nd; with that faco and figure"— aung to her rolleotion—" and theso brains " "PPiDg hor littlo head with her forefinger ''wo knows what chances I may havo of stripping her in tho race of lifo. What v Wt?e English aro 1" sho went on reflec &J.; "How oasily decoivod, in spito of I could not havo ?? m Silvio like this, not if I had tried for wuisyer. Poor Silvio 1" "?* Wto her last words, ns sho noetled ?P?Uy face amongst tho laco and linon of ? "wny pillows, and sank into a eleop, iKe>u and dreamless ac that of a ohiia. ' CHAPTER IV. "Hlshould meet tlioo, : After long years, Howehalllgreettheo?" Oidia Dering had beon an inmate of tho 11 more than a year, and quito fallen ???place as one of tho family. She had nm? nrm hold on Mrs. Gunninghamo's W.herreaemblnuoo to Lilias having inado iiMorablo .mpression in tho first instance, I!. , Cl ?. ua courso of flattery and atten , ' M0I ?P "hing the rest. Still sho had iracceededas well as sho had hoped in tho herau "t. who, though fondly HU ? i br 'B. ht >' onn e creature, failed in her eooiety tho comfort and: hap *? aeat first hoped for. Aunt and neico ton ? s ? f aflection . but Lilias roaliwd wiiuiy she had approached no nearer to J m J inner sell than tho first evening they jbJri" B Sho miBht ' sbo could discover wnd of sympathy, nothing of mutual in ?ilh , their heatts oloser together, S. ? rove . rafti,,, y t0 lettd tho young niiud ?i?ber inspirations than the mere clothing pZTf y V???"' tho on, i' t,lin 8 vhioh S Sfnii r ,tal lu) I )0l ' ttt ?c? to Oidia. Tho ' ?ou!d h?ten attentively, her hluo eyes ill n- ?. pen, nnd whon her ount hftl3 Kk ??i nf i ? - r nrra? oar essingly around her Jim ?v 188lnR her ox- XaZi ,?" o,ovcr darling 1 how can a poor £l " tlo , 8 ? oso liko y? ur OMia over 5 d snc . h tbl "KB ? Inwardly thinking ttCa we* ? t,reSoWe boro thcso F er P etUo ' sftiffu? ll " l, tho embrftCo with ft S'ii bW? hersolf, "Perhaps I expect too htitA-t, not ranko sulUciont allowance feUn^n C^ n , trninin S- She is but nchild, Nn?n??i, be , foro Bllc tomi her soul, only Itlvmt 1-.1 ault, " an ?' does not unknow ¥mZvl \u X ' ov thlU I hnvo oomo?hort uf.fn y ?? l \? cbi W of my adoption." liiia in t tms bad < l uito failed to interest Suitor,? pet Bchcmos . or to induco tho WianrtT?" I, ' hw on her round of visita SetS? w?n!T S?? rer nci e hbors . and sb ? Millv,t how ono Bo gentle and ? Xfai U T? a PP ear ? d generally, could M GiS ? t8 be E0 difficult t0 movo. In Mthelif. \ WM beoora '"B dreadfully weary let W i, h ?, he waa leading, tho life which at Med' „ lts , unaccus 'oraed luxuries and un- M?W,,7 ply o! Pin-monoy, had appeared fel t< ? TO! J t0 tho little Bohemian, and I ?? Eomotimea tempted to throw it up nnd return to that which ehe h&d; beforo despised] " If I had stayed with Silvio I might havo become a groat diva liko Patti or Keilson, re ceiving homage oven from crowned heads," eho would think regretfully. " But how hnrd the work woe, tho waiting how wearisome, tho povorty how horrible 1" as eho looked at the pretty gowns and costly nick-naoke her aunt's generosity had enabled her to indulge in. " Poor Silvio I I wonder if ho was very angry, and, whether ho missed mo wry much. I suppose he is etill struggling for the famr ho is so confident of winning—eonio day 1" What was tho good of her pretty bright costumes (which ooat her aa muoh thought a?_nii_injentpr jvould_exjjcnd on gome in tricato pieco of mechanism) when everyone at Culverden was cither too old or too blind to appreciate them, sho thought impatiently. Even Mr. Marsden's enrato (for tho old man was too feeblo to do duty now, having had a paralytio strolco) waa a merried man with ten children. Decidedly this consummate littla aotress was potting tired of licr insignificant rfile, and would probably have been tempted to Beck a wider field for tho exorciso of her talents, but for mi event which filled her scheming bruin with renewed energy, ond caused her to form a pian calculated, it successful, to raise her from tho dead level of existence, which had becorao bo wearisome and intolerable. Cer tainly, she was obliged to confess, the plan sho liad formed had very little chanco of success, but, oven provided aho failed to gain her end, she would still have bad Bomu pleasure in tho delightful senso of plotting and scheming, in which her wioked little heart rcjoiced. Winter had passed, and spring was just emerging into summer, and Qidia was feated in her aunt's morning room (a small ootngonal chamber, with long windows overlooking the beach avenue), wondering how aha Bhould manage to get through another long, unevent ful day. Hor hands wore idly olaspod above tbo golden head, whose myriads of frizr.y little curia completely covered her low olytic-like forehead, forming a decided contrast to Miss Dering's smooth braids, 'l'he different char acter of nunt and nieco was even discernible in their toilet. Lilias' drees was of plain black cashmere, which fell in largo flowing folilst to the ground, and was relieved by snow whits bands at throat and wrists. On her handsome head was arranged gracefully a square of filmy white luce, and her solo ornaments wore the locket nud ring, which had been Ralph Disney's parting gift. Gidia'a dainty little figure was clothed in an indescribable arrangement ol pink, scarcely subdued by multitudinous lace flounces, amongst which flashed bright bows and loops of rose-oolorcd ribbon, like butterflies or birds of gay plumage. Her pretty di'npled hand, cn which sparkled many jewels, wa? con stantly rained to the rosy mouth in a vain endeavor to hide tho irrepressible fits of yawning, and Lilias, who was serving indus triously, was about to suggest something for tho employment of hor niece'B idle little lingers, when tho door opened and Mrs. Cunninghamo entered hurriedly: "My dear —addressing Miss Dering—" a mounted mes senger from the Reotory with a letter for you, which I have brought myself"—handing it to her—"fearing there might bo bad news of Mr. Marsden." Lilias took it from Mrs. Gunningliamo's hand, and opening it, quickly found a few lines from Mr. Marsden, and enclosed was Ralph Diwey's long looked-for h'tter. At tho sight of hor lover's well-known hand-writing a vivid flush spread over tho fair face, causing Gidia to open her blue eyes wonderingly. Her wonderment increased, for when her aunt had read tho Iteotor's letter, telling tho Joyfu! tidings of Ralph's home coming, her faco, usually so pale and calm, became strangely agitated, and Lilias sud denly covered hor tell-talo oyes with both hands as if to shut out a too radiant flash of sunshine. Then becoming conscious that two pairs of tnquiring oyes were fixed upon her, aho rose to hor fcot — "There is nothing amiss," and Gidia's quick car caught tbo now happy ring in hor aunt'svoico. "Mr. Marsdenis well, and writes in excellent spirits," and anxious to bo alone eho moved towards tho door. Thehandle was in her hand, when alio appeared to remember somo furthor explanation was probably ex pected, and turning to Mrs. Cunnihghamo, sho said in a low, quick voice, " 110 tolls mo Ralph is on his way to Culvcrdcn," and without another word left the room. All this was n mystery to Gidia, who was quito on tho qui vive, ond dying to know the causo of her aunt's unusual agitation. Mrs. Cunninghamo sank into tho chair Lilias had just vacated, her kind, old face beaming with pleasure. "Ralph Disnoy coming at last 1 Thank t Godl" Bhe said rapturously. "My darling Lilias will now bo repaid for hor long, lonoly years of waiting," and tears of thankfulness streamed down tho withorcd old chocks. " But toll mo," said Gidia, coming over and kneeling beside Mrs. Cunninghame's chair, " who is this Ralph, and what does it all mean?" "Is it possiblo, after having lived with us all thcao months, you have never heard of Ralph Disney ? " in tones of amazement; " but then, dear Lilias is so reserved it is hardly to bo wondered at, after all. Sir Ralph Disney has not been to Culverdon for ten years, and I havo every reason to beliovo ho now comes to renew an engagement with your aunt, which ended abruptly by tho wish of the old squire." " Oh, how romantio," cried Gidia, bravely stifling another yawn, for a romanee of which sho heraolf was not tho heroine failed to in interest her. " Pray toll mo all about it, liko a dear," and sho settled herself on a low stool to listen, or to sleep. Mrs. Cunning hamo was only tbo ready to pour out all she had to tell, so procoodod to impart to the fair-haired girl at hor feet her aunt's lovo stoiy. Gidia listened at first listlessly, then puddenly as an idea appeared to atriko her, sho gave her undivided attention to tho gar rulous old lady. When Mrs. Cunninghamo, quito out of breath, stopped speaking, Gidia asked slowly —" Thon they aro not really engaged ? you are not certain Sir Ralph is coming to marry auntie? Perhaps ho only just wants to see his uncle." " Well, my dear, no, of course I am not quite certain, but after being so devoted to Lilias there can bo littlo doubt of his inten tions." "Thon why did he not come directly grand papa died? " asked Givia. "I havo ofton wondered myeolf," confessed Mrs. Cunninghame. " I daro say ho thought it best to wait till her timo of mourning had expired." "And he is so noble, so rich," said tho girl, enquiringly. " Sir Ralph Disnoy's wealth is simply fabulous," replied tho old lady; " but what is of far greater importance considering how rich your aunt is also, his family is the most unoient in England. His mother, tho only daughter of tho Duke of Twyford, was the greatest heiross, as well as tho most lovely woman of her day. I must say I thought Mr. Dering aoted in a highly injudicious mannor when ho so peremptorily dismissed poor Ralph, for it was a marriage in every way most suitable. It seeni? but yesterday it all happened," sho went on, musingly; " only Lilias has altered greatly. Sho was so sweet and fairy-liko in those days, though I must eay, my dear, if you did not dress your hair in that outlandish fashion, or wear your frocks so very full and over-trimmed, you would bo her very pioture." " Thanks for the oompliment,' you flattering dear,", laughed Gidin, ?rrvily. Thsn wont on— ' I remember iv the portrait yon showed rae of nun tie, taken ten years ago, ?he wears a plain whito gown, without ft single ribbon or flonnco. I, too, intend having soma shnplo white dressce mado for rae," else nddcd ?with studied carelessness; " they will bo bo cool nnd comfortable now tho warm weather is coming on. I nnr goingTlo'Heo if I can find auntie some Neapolitan violets, ao good-byo, you darling, you," and after dropping a bird liko kiBB on the old lady's withered cheek, Oidia tripped away into tho garden. There flbe strolled under tho old apple tro.rs in the orchard, where the grass was white with thoir Gallon blonsomp, her brain busily at _work, her raind_iull of the pohezne whicbjhe eveiits of tliFtnorniii? had conjured YipT " Have I n ghost of a ohoneo ? " eho caid to horaelf, " and oven if I were to succeed, daro I carry it through to the end ? Oh, it would be glorious to defeat that oantin?, cold blooded annfc of mine, who has elolon my birthright I But if Silvio wore to diacover who I really am, and follow ?ne, what would happen then 1 But there I it is not likely he ever will, poor fellow, so I ehall tako evety advantage of what t.iie throws in my way. Really it would bo tempting Providence if I did otherwise." And ehe gave a shallow, little laugh. Lilias was agreeably astonished tho noxt few diye at the change which appeared to i havo come over hey young niece—Gidia waa I bo docilo, so anxious to please, and altogether so much more in earnest than nbe had evor been bofore, that her aunt thought tho girl's sonl had at lust commenced its awakening, and sho thanked God for the. many blessings Tie wr.a showering on her. For the first Hint , , too, Gi'K:\ volunteered to accompany Mia* Df-ring on her charitable errands, and de lighted the pimple villagers by her sweetness and youthful beauty. Kven her porsonal f.p peiiranco underwent a change, anil one morn ing when she appeared at the breakfast table, oven Mr?. Cunninghamo, who was very *hort- F)|jhted, was startled into at\ exelamaiion of surprise. Tho onrling tongs had evidently been discarded that morning, for tho musses of tiny curls had all disappeared, with the exception of a few rebellious rings on the fore head, and the golden hair wn.t smoothed and twisted simply round the brick of her head. The be-frilled pink costume was also banished, mid its place taken by a plain white caohi mere, whioh showed tho curves o[ her budding form to perfection. Gidia blushed and dimpled as Mis 3 Poring, kissing her tenderly, said a fow kind words of approval. " I thought it would pkuse you Auntie darling," hl>o said prettily, " I mount to do it long ago, only I am such a littlo coward you know, and ao dreadfully alvaid of looking ft fright," *' I do not think you need havo the least fear of that, dear," and Lilias smiled as she looked at her niece's pretty face, before turn ing to tho table to tako up hor letters. There wevd not many, and Gidia furtively kept an eye on ono which had not boon evidently through tho poat, and in which she recognised the shaky handwriting of Mr. Marsden. Miss Dering road it through twice, then raisinj; her head looked towards Mrs. Cunninghamo and said calmly: " Sir Ralph has telegraphed to Mr. Marsden that he will reaoh Culverden to-night. Tho dear old man is evidently very excited, and I am afraid that it is not good for him, in liis feeblo state of health." " To- night I Then wo shall without doubt sco him At tho Priory early to-morrow," said the old lady, with n world of meaning in her voice, which caused a momentary shade of displeasure to pass over Miss D?ring'a calm features. " Scarcely so soon, I fancy," nhe answered quietly, ignoring Mrs. Cunninghamo's iu uendo, then turning to Gidia—" Sir Ralph Disney is n very old friend of ourg, o. nephew of dear Mr. Marsden, so I hopo you will like him very much. He will, I know, bo charmed to find we havo caught and caged suoh a sweet song- bird, for lialph was always pas sionatoly fond of muaio; and I am in hopes, too, his visit will help to make this place a littlo more cheeiful for you, dear child, as I fear tho Priory must sometime* Eoom a littlo dull to n bright young girl," eho added kindly. " Auntie —and Gidia put on her prettiest air of ohildliko rcmonstranoa. " How naughty of you to imagine I ever find the dear old Priory dull, tho place I found happiness, the placo which holds all my dear ones, all I havo to loyo or love mo " —and eho heaved a plaintive littlo sigh. That night, beforo Lilias retired to rest, came anothar letter from tho Rectory, this time directed in a bold, firm handwriting, which Gidia (who intercepted the messenger) had never seen before. How she longed to peop over .Miss Dsring'a shoulder, aud read what was written on that very email sheet of paper 1 "He cannot havo said much, at any rate," she said to herself, consolingly. This was, straago to say, the first letter Lilias had over received from Ralph Disney, and was, as Gidia correctly surmised, a very short one. " May I como to you to-morrow early in thoafternoou," it ran, with no formal com mencement. "Do not ask ma to stay longer away—l havo waited so many years." Then followed simply his signature, and tho rnee nunger, who in obedience to his muster's ordoM, had waited, took back Miss Doriug's answer. It was—" Come, you will find a welcome." This brief noto was not tho lottor whioh Rilph had at first intended sending, for, on (lading himself once moro in the fondly re membered Kentish village, ho had written a wild, unreasoning letter, a paasionato out pjuring of tho feelings which old associations hud aroused, but which, in his cooler moments, ho decided not to despatch. " I will wait and sco how sho greets rae," ho thought. Tho _ meeting between tho old rector and his errant nephow had been a very touching ono, and though Mr. Mars don did not actually speak as if tin engageraont existed between tho long-separ ated loven, it was easy to divine how his thoughts ran constantly upon it, and his talk waa incessantly of " his dear child, his sweet Lily." He wao perhaps a littlo dinnp pointed at finding R-alph so different from the impulsive, hot-headed youth of ten years ago. How bronzed ho was, how portly ! nnd if his old eyea did not deceive him, surely thoro was a plentiful sprinkling of grey amongst the brown curls. Ralph laughed heartily at his uncle's inspection. " You ccc I am getting quito ancient, not far off forty, the ago when a fellow begins to go down hill with a run. Remember what a life I havo led the pa?t ten years, not one oaloulated to mako mo wear well." . * "Ah, but you will settle down now, my boy," said the old man in tones oE conviction, at which Ralph smiled, but said nothing. When Ralph awoko the next morning, and found himself once more in his old lavender scented room at tho Rectory, ho felt inclined to fancy thoso years of wandering had been but a strangely vivid drctiru. Tho young summer day was bright and warm, and when Ralph throw open the window, tho clustering creamy rosea nodded a flweot perfumyiwelcome. It all seemed so familiar, so unaltered, and the old tendernees took possession of him, as if it had_ never wavered since the day ho and sweet Lilias Dering had plighted their troth. How impatiently ho longed to heav tho sound of her voice, how slowly the- morning passed. Over and over agaiu did Ralph pic ture to himself their mioting, what she would say, how she would look, and when at last ho started on hie way to tho Priory, ho was living almost in lUp in a world ' : f shadowo. Ho was unco more young Ralph Dirnoy, the impetuous lover of tho child-like. 1 tonder-oyod girl, and tho cloud which had i arisen between them was forgotten. All nature evon scorned to have conupirod to keep up the deception, and remind him of that summer, tun years ac;o, as he went along tho sunny cliffs', passed the white flag-staff round which' the mild-laced sheep were nibbling at the golden-hearted daisies, and turned into the familiar bcecli avenue. The glamor of old days when lovo dawned was upon him, the lorg weary years whioh had coin') between wero no more reraembored, and ho looked to wards tha shrubbery as if expecting to see thPro the glimmer of his love's white robes. ' JTis'Tieart beat taiuultuously as ho ap proached the Priory, for there, near the open windows, sat the form he had pictured bo often that morning. This sweet young girl, with tho shining hair and downcast eyes, tho pure white drcs.?, tho rose at her throat, was hi? lily, his lovo. It was the face he had kissed so often, so fondly,—the face that had visited him in dreams, —the faca that had come be fore him iu the silent night watches thousands of miles away. A little reflection would have saved him and others from much misery, but, alas! ho never stopped to realise tho mistake, and in another moment had clasped her to his heart, aud was raining kisses on tho golden head pressed so madly to his breast. " Lily," ho whispered, " look np, my love, niv owu one." For tho space of a moment Gidia allowed her wicked little head to rest where Kalph hod placed it, just for a moment only, to hide the gleam of triumph shining in her eyes, then, with desperate struggles, sho freed herself from his embrace, and push ing him from iier, cried indignantly—" Oh, how could you ? how. dare you Uke such a shocking liberty"—her bosom heaved and pauted—" You are just like them all—you treat mo like a child, a mere baby, without seDFe or feeling." Here she broke into sobH, covered her faco with her pretty bands to watch what impression she had made. I'oor lUlph raised his hands to his eyes like one blinded or ."uddenly dazed; then h'j looked at tho littlo woman before him in utter bewilder, mont, and unconsciously repeated almost the tirst words, Lilian had said to her neice —"Hilt who are you?" Wild thoughts of fairys and trolls, r?coll6utionsof old German legends, were coursing through his brain, when the girl with well stimulated sur prise answered— " Who am I ? Why, Lilia3 Dering, of caurrc—who elso could I be? " "Lilian Dering," repeated Balph, wondcr ingly ; " not Squire DeriogV. Lilias, i?y—" " Oh,no"—and Gidia interrupted him with a merry, ringing laugh like o peal of silver belli!—"not that horrid old man's daughter —nothing nearer than his granddaughter, I am happy to say. Just fancy anyone mis faking mo for poor dear old aunt Lilias—it in quite too funny for any thing; but I think I C9n guess who you are now"—sho held out both her hands confidently—" Sir Ralph Disney, you must bo, and, oh 1 I am so thank ful you arc not old and ugly like everyone elso anntie knows." "Why, child," Baid Kalph laughing, and experiencing a sense of pleasure at the subtle flattery, in spite of his secret annoyance at his mistake as the truth dawned upon him, " did you expoct to find me a Metheusalah? " " Well, very nearly," sho confessed, with a pretty air of candor, and a swift upward glance from under her long lashea, " for thoy told mo you wero my aunt's —but there, it would never do to toll you what they said, as I know now it was not true, because you ore not old—not tho least bit," sha added en couragingly. Ralph had managed to recover his self possession, but how different an aspect affairs wore now, to what thoy had dono only on hour before. Ho had suddenly awakened from his love-dream (at least as far as Lilias was concerned), and tho sweet visions of the morning had all melted away before the fairy like touch of this dainty little beauty. Ho coulu not for the life of him picture his old lovo otherwise than a rather prim, middlo oged lady, perhaps with spectacles. Try as ho would, the bright young face of her neico camo between him and tho image he had so vividly remembered only that very morning. However, pulling himself together with an effort, he uttered some very lamo excuses for his apparent rudeness (which Gidia, blush ingly, shyly, accepted), and then rather stiffly suggested their joining Miss Daring. (To be Continued.) 