SPORTING INTELLIGENCE. Tin; CAULFIELD CUP DAY. J he grow nie, popularity of the Caulfield racecourse as a place to spend a pleasant meine hohdaj was vcrj plnmlj indicated on Saturdaj w hen the Spring Meeting of the Wtoria V.ni item lurf Uub was brought to a eonelusi ni J lie attendance wns mums taUnblj the largest cvel witnessed on a Cup daj ate tullich] and the appearance of the courso anl the rescues provided for the use of the pub'ic was that of an animated and lusv throne Hie lareer number ot visitors went bj trim from town and in oidei ti moot the un usual pressure on the traille the Umina) department lind provi led a number of speen! ti uns staitinc, at blunt in tenais from 1 lindéis street Btntion Hie mil carried 7 072 piascn"crs and the receipts ot the club weie 11040 erju ii to l'OOO peisons r ii the rours in lependeiit ol the hollers ot honoi irv tickets I lie io id to the c mrse is I e u le I isone of the plcisintist hives which the subuils ali rl nu I the prop irtini 11 ) c (le who went bj it was as us ii verj eonsi 1er able 1 oui in hand colches eunices busies cibs and wa"[ onettcs rattled bl is! ly along the io ii to L uilficld in a const mt stn am between noon mid 1 o clock Hie weither though st mew h it dull and cool, wns line and there was everj promibc th it this would be its chuiicter during the vv hole of the dnv-a promise which was happilj ful Idle! Ilia 1 vcclleucj Sir llenrj I och lui!} loch and a lurce suite weie picsent during the neater part of tile rncm" i he In« n sliowel to c,rcit allantare after the le ticslnng nuns which linvu rcccnilj Illicit, mil the whole of the "lind stand riserve furnishe 1 nn ani| le uni vcidant cirptt on which the visitois nn"ht pío ménade It was evident that no pains had been bpartdbj the club to provile for the c imiort and convenance ot the public. 'Hie coince w is in fust nte or li r for racm". and tal en as a w hole the prospect c, line I lrom tile "l in 1 stand was verj iileasingand refresh in" 11 one w ho ha I been eitj bound foi nuj lciiBth of time Hie militai) band of 22 per ti miers under Mi \\\ arneel c performed on the lawn and their music lent an additional charm to the time an I pi ice 1 lie nsscm bl ige in the principal reserve was verj larLC and the "reuest mteicst «as manilcsted in the mc ng 1 uring tho Hurdle 1 ace and Stceplcch ise tlicie w is n t au eje that was not cn"crlj directe I t> the com j eting horses thebe exciting events benn, nppnrcntl) ns full of attmction to the lucie S]ectitoi as to the bettuii man who had oin two or more horses runnnin for linn Hie sloping surface ot tile lawn it these times vvis denselj piel el with stinding ligures mil the Hlaiid ltselt was so full that ininj who souglit it for the silo of the fine vieivit commanded vv le unable to lind room on the benches I he teniporaiv adlilion recentlj male at the western end of Hie stand was ciowdc 1 dm nie, cveiv lice and Binni u evi leuce wns given that the extension of the structure neir the vvcikhnie, room was thorough!) npprecuted Hie piineipd ince of the duj vvtu a ai"ht which coull har II) be witnessed without a tcchn" ot exlulaiation Ivvenlj eight licet racers with glistening coats, carne into the fiel 1 and vv hen massed togelher as the) weie on pnsing the stan 1 the lirst time their shapelj fenns and tile brilh mt colours ot then joel e)s formed a dar/lmc spcctncli As thej went round the trac! follow el bj thousands of fiel 1 glasse.! theie was hardi) a voice to be heard but on ne inn,, the turn and coming into the straight excited backers ¡,ave way to their feelmes in shouts of joy ns thej fancied they saj their lavounte hoiscs comm!, to the hont Hie melnncholj storj ot the favourite benif, bciten wns once more repented and mi) thine, lut a triumphant crj rent the au as Wini lloimv rode in the victor Afewhappj ones there weie nodmbt butnithniLc uld have shown how little to the iiclvtint if-e of tin public vv is 151ml Ronnj s success than the 1 ict that some ot Hie hookina! cn broltc throu"h then usu d phlegmatic reserve and dmccd on the swar 1 wnvin" their notebool 3 and hats 011 I11J1 Hie Cup wns picscnt d to tlie ownei of Blink Honnj bj I ndy I och, 111 fiont of the slnnd Hie ereat assembliicc did not pcrceptiblj lessen in sire till a quarter pist 0 when the lust special train started back to town After tins hour the air be came somewhat chill), but still many re maine 1 to see the last race 1 his was run at a quin ter to 0 o clock and once over the course was quickly cleared trams and road vehicles couve) mg the people back to Mel bouille Hie racing Fcommonced with the Selling hnce foi winch 10 horses caine to the post Stonebr le being made a strong favourite II mnil al and Mistake mnde the runiune, trom soon after the stirt Cistawny jt ming them 11 the straight Místale who was 111 rare condition drew out nt the finish and wonb) a bare lo i_th 11 iiimbnl dropped bael and lelt the places to be Ulled b) Cast aw a j lind Stonebrol e Hie vv inner w ns put up tor s ile and bought m for i.70 nil of w Inch goes to the club funds Hie Hurdle Knee winch followed broucjitout 11 competí tors Cías iliei nnd Don Quixote berne, the most tnncicd Matador lost all chance bj show inc. temper and refusila: to start lantaliaer made the pare tor about n mile and a quarter when he retired and ScobclofT and Oasalicr took up the runtime, Hie former cried enoueh at the enti ince into the strniHit nnd Gnsaner enme on aipuentlj full of mulline, Ha/ard then went up to Mr I carson s mnre and d apostat, of her somewhat casdj won bj a couplo of lciiLtlis clenr Jattlci carne well in the last quarter of a mile but only secured Hurd place Hie Ivuisci) Handicap brou"ht out a bakers doren ot candidates, Violet berne the public fane) Oasburner showed m Iront tor a short lime alter the sturt but soon eave wa) to \\\ olselc) who held his p ;sition till well into the stiaic,ht vvh< re he was cnu0ht bj Hie lenchcr and beaten by about a ned aftei a line strug"le Oeista who cume home well, was a ver) close third Hie next nice wns the c,rcnt e eut of the meeting the Caulfield Cu¡ for winch eveiy one of the 2b horses on the card came to the post J heir appearance wns closeb scanned ns they took their preliminar) gallops, 1 y the many thousand intcicsted spectators Martini Henry and his stable companion Despot were much admired the Derbj and Cup winner of 18b 5 hav m" many f riendB who ielt that his chance of victorj wns the greater for Hales being on his back lrjniyans appearance excited the a Imitation of every one and Ins bael crs felt confident that tho llorac had had every justice done him by Ina tunnel Crlstoun appeared to (,o verv eniver!) and receded BOinevvhat in the letting ^crc,y looked remar] abl) well and left the pad loci first favourite lately was probably never m better foi m Bend Or had a ere it leputntion for his dcin"sin puvtttc and his nppearance and st)le ot "onie, were much in his ltivonr Conjecture lo il c 1 a trille light Malua was thought to be over weighted Claptnp showed well m lus piehmmar), and so did Helene and Laving ton Ot the lot perhaps the one least noticed was Blink ttonii) J or 1 \\\ dton lind vcij few friends Some delay occurred at the starting post Privnleers udor was lined twice tor net gettuiL into position and Mi Watson threatened to rcpoit hunt J theBtewnids it lie nenin ollpiidcl Additional délai was caused b) the fractio isness of lavington whose joel e) wns also line I Som« ne in the crowd enid out \\\ li) dont you let them c, 1 puttui- particulni emphasis on the last word vv Inch caused lu nliand to bren! away nnd lie galloped ne tri) as lar as the "rind stand reserve b fore his jockey cou! I pull lum un W hen lie returned the horses were «"inn marshalled mid sent awn) toa prett) ¡,ood sturt of which J avington had shelitl) the best follow el closcl) bj \atel) Clnptiap Colstoun and Ironhand the last to cet ana) bein" rijuig Jib and Muli! e. Hie storj of the ince is a verj easy on to tell 1 avin"ton mnde the pace im mediatelj uftcr the start with satelj for a close companion I nttnilous hupid î \ eie,} and 'V.ernct bein" conspicuous nt Hie he id of the main 1 ody 1 n the centie ot Hie eiush Si"nor, when opposite the stand stumbled mid got rid 01 his rider lo the c,rcat relief of the spectitoia the boj was very little hurt As soon ns the li lil of horses hal passed bj he was neatl) helped over the rail into a place of safety amonest the crowd to be out ot the way when the competitors should n"nin come round }atel) assumed th leid going along the back stietch, und held this j I ice till near the sod wall where J av m.ton retired lrom the contest Ivear the tar hill \ erc,y waa inter fered with by Norfolk nn I lost a c,ood deal of c,iound I hnl lionii) suddcnl) Bhot out ot the main boil) neal the sod «all and soon p 1S8C 1 Hie leader Vate y made a caine strudle till near the turn lor home where he c ni) oundell I')"1 nnnraise ltheliopisofhis buckets b) VH|urtnt the thiee furlin" post 1 ut was unable t > " t up t ) the leadme, bod) llinl llonn) led li me m eftsv winner lord Wilton holding second pi ice nil the wa) \ ergy Malua an 1 C1 iptrap caine next Col sloun who enrneJ so much mono), wns nevei dangerous at ali) nurt of Hu mee Hie win nu was put up foi sale the previous day by Messrs \\\ C ^ mile and Co but though knoel ed down to Air \\\ Lan" was not bold llhnk bonn) lind been tntd with luiiLWOod, b) whom she was casil) beaten and this c luscd Crae nell to decline to nde her in the race for the Caulfield Cup I lie time made is the fastest since tho rice lins been altered to one mile and a half bein,; Isca, faster than little lack made in ls82, and lisee. less than Caima took to win it in last )car Iho winnin, of blink bonny is a great piece of good fortune to the nut,, whose double event books on the Guineas and Caulfield Cup and on the Caulfield Cup and Melbourne Cup aro thuB made safe i he winner was Beared) mentioned in the betting, and be) ond a very U w wagers booked some time uho there has scarcely been an entry made about her in the books. Had Bhe given a better trial, she would have been in good favell, foi she is verj well bred, and his perfonncd extremelj well on the lasiuaniiin turf 'Hie excitement over the Cnullield Cup hail scareeij calmed dow n vv hen the Blurting bell rang for Hie Steeplechase, for vv inch 11 borsei elimo on to the course lins event will fuiiiitsli a standard of comparison for all cross eoimtrj contests foi ninnj a clay to come It was lur and i\i ay the best steeple chase ever seen on the Cnullield course, it not the best ever 6ccn in A'.ctorin, and we have lind some grand crosscountry races in the short hie ot the colonj Moolpa led the held lor half a mile, when AVjmlet, a ver) promising >oung horse, went past lum Moolpa mid 1 ame vv ere in close attendance Denmark showed in front for a time near tho sod willi but gave wa) to Moolpa as they headed for the stand 1 he admirable wa) the knees ni front ot the stand were nego- tiated drew forth loud plaudits from the excited spectators A\'j inlet, vv hen in a good position, ian of! ut the log fence on the fnr lull, and Denmark and I clio camenvvii) in the le ni Moolpa fell at the Boil wall, where Stniotlei joined 1 clio and Denmark I lie hist n mied thin ictired, and a spl mini finish ensued between Strugglcr and 1 i bo, the p nr racing neck and neck ill the wa) up the stiaight btrutgler just ni in lged, bj a supreme eliott, to gum the v le tor) b) a cltir bead 'J he meeting was brought to a conclusion with the AA'indsor Handicap, which was contested by 19horses Innlee looked like winning, but Mozart shot out in the straijit, and gained the victory with a little to spaie Hurricane beat liralce for second place Hie tollovving ure the details of the i icing - bLIIINl, «Yd, Of 100 soi s Tho vi Inner to he Rold for £160 VV eicht*-2 y ru, 7-t 41b J ) r* Oat lib 4 j rs and ii) Haul. lo=t 71b illoiicil for oiei-y J.2a rcduo tion lu price 1 ivo furlout Mr A bl jills b li Mistnlco b) Dintd-Stockdovo, f, y t» ml -et (Hiown) 1 Mr 1 li Co»c1!a bin Castalia), 6)ra, nil, (1st 01b (Ciaclncll) 2 lil A 1 Ouonabc- Stoucbroke, 3 )rs, nil, G"t 12111, carrie I list (I! irr) 3 lil V G Webb a b g 1 ole.Ur G vrs, ItiO, 7st lill» (Mnvlin) 0 Mr 1 lo¿ora brui Telltale, n.'cd, i.50, Tat Olh cxined tat rlb (H Orntli) 0 lion VY 1 ear-on a b gNoithcrn Llcht, 4 ira £25, 7at 41b (M Donald) 0 Mr D M Rnbort*oii a bl li Hannibal, aged, ni! 7at (Nicholson) 0 Mi S Miller a eli g Hopetoun, 4) ra, nil, Oat lilli (Olds) 0 Vii VV C iii ort a, Jun,hK Satire, aged, nil, Ost lill (VViKon) 0 Mr I W liittlnthnm ago Aclunet, 2 ) ra, £100, «at lib (Ouy) 0 Mi S Miller a bro Pan, J vrs, nil Ost lib (Sl'In to*.h) 0 Betting -5 to 2 o-jst Stoncbro) o J to 1 ii"st Cast amil 4 to 1 cadi ugst HtinuLbal and Mistake Satire appeared to have the udvantaçe at tho start, but was boon passed b) Hannibal and Mistake who ran well in front of the others Hopetoun and Cast away uoic at tho head oí the second division Cast awn) Joined the leader» as thcl taino up the stroltht. where btouchroko was vir) handy Hannibal faded au ii at the flinch ami Mista! u won a bare lenc.Hi lu dont of Castalia) , Stouciuoko waa a closo third, Hannllxl Ac liuct and Pañuelo next in that order Iclltaio waa last lime lui 6a bl CON!) HUItUI i met. A handicap sweepstakes of S sois each, with 100 uddol Ino mile* Mr A 1 bullit nn s brg Hazard b) Bertie-Ad ventuiesa 4 ira lOst lib (hing) 1 lion YV I'caisonsb m Gasallcr, Gvrs, lost 111b (Cupltt) 2 Hun YY 1 carson s eli m Tattler, U j rs, list 71b (VI huilai) 3 Mr D S VV liliácea b g Don Qulxoto Ojra, 12st Ulb (Mr VY olasscock) 0 Mi A W RUKII s b li .Matador, aired, lOst 101h (Allen) 0 Mi J O Inglis s br g bundowner, need lOst 71b (Hi J o liiblis) 0 Mi J Willsons bl li Sinking I und, 5 j ra, lOst «lb. (linden) 0 Mr R Urlllltlis eli g bcoboloff aged, lOst 61b (Hussey) 0 Mi J Vi erados hi li Tantalise., 0 )is, lOst 21b (Crol cr) 0 Mr II VY Poglor'agrg 1 ishhook, aged, Ost 101b (Murtlock) 0 Mr a Daviss b h Ditto, 4 )rs, Oat 61b (For tusson) 0 Betting -J to 1 agst Gasaller 6 to 1 ngst Don Quixote 0 to 1 uioh ugst Hagard and bundo» ncr 7 to 1 n"st ScobelofT S to 1 each agat Milking 1 und ai d Ditto io to 1 nest 1 isihook Aftei suv oral uttoinpta the horse* wore eent aw ay toafxirstart Tintiiliscr being lu tho lead, with Don Qulxoto anil 1 Ishhook next Matador refused to star, and was left kicking at tho post Before tolng tai rautatlsor had established tv tooil lead , I ibhhook bcobclolf, and Ditto were next in a hunch Don Cpllxotc (. -mailer and Tittlerwcre lv ing together be bind lautaliBcr held his position in iront along by the sol wall and up to the turn into the straight bioboloiT bundowner Sinking 1 uni! i-lshhook and Ditto being next in tint order Talitallsor led past thu stand , Scobclofi, Sml iiig I und Hazard, and Sundovv nervy ero next the others vi ero following in a cluster As the llorac* loiinded tile turn past the btmd binking 1 uni! shot up on tlio inside and joined Hazard oud r.nt-ihscr lu tho van Going along tho hack stictoh ScobelofT went well foin ard on the outside, and Gasillcr mado a run up mid joined the leaders binl log 1 mid dropped back as tiley ncarcd tho far hill Roundine, the lar turn bcobcloU Gasaller and Inntaliscr vi ore together in ftout lhc others were following lu a hunch after a gip of four lengths iantaliser then dropped bnoli, and bcobclolf anil Oisulior eanioawny totetllci in the front Hn/ard and 1 ishhook wero nt the hoad of the second dmsion hiohclolT ictired as the) carno on mid Gas .liir entered the btraieht w 1th a good lead Uiznrd, heobclolf luttlci and ilblihaok yvoio next ill thit ordel About half wa) up the straight Hazard went up to Casaiicr, nutl passing her in,nie the dis tnncü vi ou coinlortably li) tliiielcnetlia Gasnllerwas second, luttler tliird Suniloiv nor font til, bcobclolf, 1 Ishhook Don Quixote and lailtuliscr weie licxr, Ditto waa last lune, 4m Is NUIISI II HAM1ICV1 A swecpstakes of 3 sov8 ench with 100 added lor 2 ) rs old 1 our fut louts and a half Mr A 11 Robertsons h o The Teaohor, by Gant I omaru (imp )-Lmil) 1 uithful (imp ) Sat fib (Mooio) 1 Mr J Mond) a b o VY olaele) b) Hie Brummel -Proserpine, S_t (Nicholson) 2 Mr J W iiittlntliaui s cb f Oeista h) Argus bcandal-Atalanta fast 21b (o Williams) 1 Mr 1 Jones a li Í 1 ivst 1 op b) Mut Cole-bpes, Sat bib (I YY lllnius) 0 Mr J Harper s b f V lolet b) St Albans Horticulture 8st Ulb (Blair) 0 Mr 1 Tozers br o VY cstinlnstcr, h) Ison minster -Merino bsl lib (M Gi itli) 0 lion VV Pearson s h I Danseuse, by Goldsbrouth Mantann bst .lb (Power) 0 Mr J Mitchell * b or 1 r f VIerr) Christina* by ( lorious-Citlicnno Se)lon,.7sL 1-lb (Ner riker) 0 lion YY 1 car.oii s hi c Gasburner, by Angler Gasoline "st 101b (Mill) 0 Mr VV A I ile.a.0 s oh f Dclanila, b) Countr) man -De!.lucie 7st 01b (Woisic) 0 Sir W J elm 1 e s I r t Chablis, b) Bordeaux -hate 7st 01b (Gnehaii) 0 Mr S Millers cb f Naiowcon, b) Lad)kirk-_Jf, "st 211 (Olds) 0 Mi C II 1 Harts be Bullfinch b) High Jinks Iciiny lind 8st fib (leftwlch) 0 1 ettlnt -J to 1 atst V inlet 4 to 1 caull ntst Tlio Teachci uni! VV olsole), 0 to 1 agbt Oclsta, 10 to 1 each a^st Danseuse nilli Merr) Christmas. llisljurncr, on tlio cxtrcnio outside appeared to h-ive a ercat idiaiituec in Hie start Men) christmas tot awn) badi) Bcfurc ¡.oing fur the Held closed on Gasbuiucr, ind Wolseley took up tho running foi lowed b) Delalah Oeista, Westminster nndViolit Hie reicher cnnio foulard with a labt run in Die ati utht, mid Joiniiu Wolselc) beat him after a Due stiutglc li a neck Oeista who caiuu with a fine rush but a littio late vi as ft noel behind tlie beeond horse After a tftP of a eouplo of lcn"tlia lollow ed V lolet 1 irst 1 op Men-) Christmas ind Delà mia lillie, 60s IIIF CAULFIELD CUP A handicap of 2 000 sois 1 SOO sov» of tlio said sum to to to the tlrst lioiso in addition to a troph), value 2W) guineas, the tift of Mr Matth**iv O Shu mess) ''00 bom to tho second, and 200 soys to tho third Hie winner of mi) handicap rice of tlie v uluo of 100 soi s after the to carr) lb extra i Í two snell i__es, or an) lace of tlie vulucof 00 bois, 71b uitia ofany such luce of tlie willie of 600 sola 141b extra I'tnil ties not cuinulatiic except vi hero express!) stntod Onei Ile nud nhill 1 I, buln Mr ! C Tul! nts eli ni lllilil llonll),b) St Alban* -VIedua bjre ist 31b (lllalr) 1 Mi I- W lilias cb h Loid Wilton, 4 vrs, (,-t 111b (Vulker) 2 Mi J A lunts hr Ii Vert), 4 )rs, 7st lib (I obcitson) 8 Vii I O Ingliss li li Malua, 6)rs, Oat 121b (Mi lii"l!_) 0 lion J White a bli Martini Henry, 4 yra »st 41b (Huies) 0 lion VV Po irions bor bril It*) In. pin, 6)rs Obi _lb (lo ici) 0 Vir 1 hc)-ns b li Rapid, 0)rs, including "lb I cn lit i bst 711) (Gallagher) 0 XIr I banipjou *, b h Hnstm s 6 vrs, Includim: 71b penult) bst 41b (VI Gruie) 0 vir li l< talklners bg Rlntwood, 0)rs, Sat 21b hilliy) 0 lion J YY hito s g h Despot 6)rs 8*t 21b (bills) 0 Mr S Millers h or br li Boolka, 6 )rs, Sst lib (Cal roll) 0 Mr D b Wallaces b li Cupri, 4 )rs, 7st 131b (Tmlmn) 0 Mr 1) M Robertson s h h Colstoun, D j r«, "st lilli (Ollrioii) 0 Mr VI Loutiiflnu b t'Biltlshcr, Ojrs, "st 111b (Daly) 0 Mr 11 Giilllnsch h n.ttaltou. (lato Brisbane) 6 )r» ist Dib , including, 01b penult), J William son) 0 Mr J Whittingham s li or br li Claptrap, S yrs, 7st 71b (J Williams! 0 Mr J Wilson jun « eli m Conjccturo, 6 )rs, "st 71b (Moore) 0 Mr A I sullivans g li Aatci), a"cd, 7st 61b (Hutchins) 0 lion W 1 carson ah g Ironhand, 6 )rs, 7-t 31b (G Wilson) 0 Mr J Rcdfcarn s oh li Bend Or, 4 jrs, 7st 21b (Mcholbor ) 0 Mr A 1 binait_ bl li Privateer, 4 Jrs, "st (Gough) 0 Mr L I' VV «son * hr or bl h Slgnor, 4 j ra, Oat laib (G VV Illiams) 0 Mr J O Held a bli Norfolk, 5 ) ra, Ost 131b (T VY Illiams) 0 Sir VV J Clarke s br t Vornot, 4 yrs, Ost 111b (Cope) 0 Mi OUT Harts oh h The Agent, 0 )r_, Ost lilli (Hann"nn) 0 Mi VV li era) a b h Hying Jib, 0 ) ra Ost 101b (.nlldus) 0 Messrs Robertson Brothers b or br f Helene, 3 ji* Ost îolli (Cracknell) 0 Mi C YY Bowman s br c Lavington, 3 jr., Ost 101b (YVcasel) 0 Betting -J to 1 ngst A org), 8 to 1 agst Colstoun , 12 to 1 cich agst Jlartinl Henr), I-r) Ingpan, Bond Or, mid Helene 14 to 1 KM Unstlng., ¿0 to 1 ouch agst Milua Battailous Ciaptlap Vate!), and Norfolk, 21 to 1 each ngst lllugirood. Boolka, and Lord Wilton JJ to lea h Aft Rapid, Uospot Tho A,ent, and 11) lue ."*> 40 to 1 agst I-avlngton, 60 to 1 each agst Capri, Britisher, Conjecture, Blink Bonny, Iron hand Privateer bignoi nud Vernct Alter ono bicakawny, caused by somo Olio in tho ciowd-hoiitlng go tho horses wero scut away to an oxoollont start nil bein.' on tho moro togo-hor Privateer was quickest on his leg« as tho) went away, and behind him wero Lavington, Blink Bonny, Yntclj, Claptrap, and Colstoun 11) Ing Jib lia» last off Aa they ncarcd tlio sUnd, Lai luxton had taken tho loud, with lately for a close attendant Behind thtm foi lowed tho field In a close bod), Battailous, Vernot, Vorjry, l'rlvatoor, and Ironhand being consplouous Passing the stand Lavington was In front Aatelv, Bat tait, us. Helene, Vers), Vcrnet, and Privateer vi crt TiQvt In that order Slgnor stumbled anti cot rid oí lila joel e\ ni tho eontro ot tilo nulli bod) hut lut k11) «Uti not brine do« n mi) of tho others Lnv lnetoii led round tho tin n patt tho utan ii, Yatcl), battailous, llnpld, Norfolk Vere,) , Vernot Frjlngpati Ironhaiul Colstoun, aud Cupri being uixt Von llttlo chango took plaou in Hie run along tlio back stretch 8a\ o that \ntol) pass«! Lavington and Vcrgl dropped baok suddonl) oiio ot tlio horse» having Intorlored with hlin. Tho Agent «as acting as »nipper in Vatclj waa clear In iront as tboj rounded Ino far turn Lav lupton « as v orj handy Lord Wilton and HatUillousvvcro none, foil j« od bj Fri hispan, V em), Korloll, and Ullntt Holm) \atcl> led down tho lilli apparently full of riinnlnir, lint near tlio sod wall ho was challenged by lillnk lloiinj, «ho «cut up to bim with a ano spurt rrvingpan hero Improved his position, and fora short time his backers wero hopoitil \ergy »as running oloso behind tlio lcadurs. Approaching tlio turn tor homo, Wink Donn) took tim load ^ntolj, Lord Wilton and Vorgy «oro running In that order, closo bolilnd her, tho quartotte bolfig clear a« a) from tho second division blink Uouny entered tho straight «Ith a clear icad Lord Wilton had passed i atclj, V ercj wasclusoup llaitinc,s, Claptrap Jsor folk Malua, Colstoun and Heleno «ero Ioho»hie hi that orilcr, and prottj elco togothor Blink llonnj lod lionio a i,oo(l «inner by a llttlo over a couple of lonetlis I.ord W iltou «as second, a leiikth and a half lu liontof Verg) llicu tollo«c1 Mahn lnin"pi Olaptnp 'iatelv, Heleno Norfolk and CoUtoim, that order llcntlOr »as last. Xltut, 2m lujs vviwi its or Tin: CACLHLLD cm1 ,, % Horso Siro .5 Hill 1 lil H 1870 \ew minster Tho Marquis I S 10 2 451 .1880 Tom Kirk Ladvkirk H S 2 28J .IbSl lillie milhun DelllV i 7 1 2 JO .lssl Mnstcl Vvencl lull in Avenel l! 7 121 - 21» 1SS. Little Jack King Tolo 1 Il lil ' 11* 1SSJ L ilma V attention 4 a î\ J -u 1S81 Wink liouny St Albans l 7 S - 40¡ . lho cup distance ot lüsUand 1^81 »as 11 nillo and a distance In tho other jeats It «ns 1J lillie Two Cuj s «cio run for In 1BS1-one In tlio autumn and ono in tho spring OI'IV Slltl'IKCHASE. A handicap swoopstnku of 7 sois each, «Hil 200 added iho second horso to rectivo . sois from the stake About t«o tulles and a halt Mr V\ Look s ch g Strucklcr, b) Arc,us bcandnl, nccil, list 01b (Alleu) 1 Mr le II ittlllntrs ch e Echo n.eti, lOat 01b (Keating) 2 Mr t, M Wilson's b g Denmark, a.cd lot. Olb (Creo) S Mr VV Nell s p p; Marquis of VV aterfor 1, agod, list Slb (U eton au) 0 Mr U h Harriss elie' Chester, oeed, list lib (Dill)) 0 Mr M LoiiLhlIn she Faino, «god, list 21b (Cor niau ,. .0 Mr "I Mino s b1 u Taiaraxacuni, aged, lOst 121b iChuster) 0 Mr O Glascock s eli g Moolpa, aged, lOst 61b (I udeison) 0 Mr II liatt) s B or ro o Dccell cr, a"cd lOst 41b (Itattj) 0 Mr W Dalrjmplos b e- Ooodnool, Ojrs, lOit» Jib (Caro) ) 0 Mr S Hiller s b c. Wymlet, S) rs Ode 101b (Mr 11 Watson) 0 llcttlnc -" to 2 agst Marquis of VV atortor 1 4 to 1 ngalnst 1 arno U to 1 nest btrugglcr, 7 to 1 each agst Chester, Deceiver, and Goodwood Ver) little trouble «as cspcrlcnced in sending tho horscsniini Vloolpa »as in iront »ith VV j inlet and lamo in oloso nttetidaucu Tho fences In front of the stand «ero taken in tho followin^r order -Vloolpa W) inlet, TiMinvacum raino Goodwood Chcstor, Denmark 1 clio and Deceiver, btruc.glor and Mar quls «ero together In tho renr As the hoists ian along the back stiotch Wymlet «cut to tho fiolit, Vloolpa and lamo »ero at tho head of tho others lavaravaeuni » as acting as » hippcr In VV v inlet led over the far hill, Moolpa was tlosu up btnvLlur went upon tho outsidt and Joined the leading pair as thev ran doun the hill Denmark «as at tin bead ol the second bodv 1 ashing the sod wall Denmark went up to VV juliet mid tho pair tamo on together, Moolp i and Fumo » ere no\t Chester and Goo 1» ood »oro »oil behind tile nick Moolpa then went up to tirst place and led past tho stan 1 and round tho next turn »hero Doninatk Marquis of Waterford VVvmlot, tamo and btiugglcr »ero following lu that order At tho log íctico ou tho far hill Vv v mlct ran on" btruegler then «out foniard eloscl) followed b) rcho Denmark joining thom as they «ont on tlio trio descending tho bill togethoi At tho sod »all I eho »out aw t) »ith tho lead Denmark, Strudele and rame «ero folio«lue, lu that order and olosó to"other T-iraraxacuin, Decoivur and Marquis of Waterfoll followed after a c,np, and Vloolpa fell Lcho led Into the straight witli btrimglci )iesslng him closelj tlio pair (hawing a«av from tho others. A Uno ilulsh ensued btruc.c,lir gaining tho victor) bj iiLoodhcid Dcnmatk was third 10 lengths oil De ver nos fourth full) ns farana) ""amo faiiinva in Marquis ot Waterfoid, and Cllestei vv ero next liinu, uni J7s nu vviNDSoii HANDICVI A sweepstakes of J toi s each, with 100 added Six fin longs Mr W I Jeld s h c Mo¿ut bl Isapolton-Queen Man 3) ra "st (rlamuan) 1 Mr e r lemming uch li Ilurilcatio, ijrs, Bat. 101b C-nilth) 2 Mr I Waroschhlnlce Ovrs Sst I2lb (Kllbj) S "Ir T M'ElllstorachhKojal Irishman, 6 j re, 8>t/ 101b (O Ilrien) 0 Mr J Whittiiichnmsch li Ironmaster, 6) ra, 8st Dib (U Williams) 0 Mr t 1 oulsham s b g Marone), 0 v rs, 8st 71o (Tioj) . 0 Mr li li Falkiners br h Meteor, 4 }rs, Bat dib (Mooro) 0 Mr J G Held s ch g Dio Ghost, aged, 8st (J Williams) 0 Mr J It Cowells b a Sirocco, 8 )rs, 7st 121b (llobcrtson) 0 Messrs S M and L P VV ilson a br o Prodigal, 4 )rs 7st Dib (VV illiainsun) 0 Mr J ltcdfcarn s br in Madgo, 4 } ra 7st. 6lb (Mcholson) 0 lion VV Pearson s b g Irouhaml, ii ) rs, 7st 41b. (T Williams) 0 Mr li buttonsuli Klne Charlea, 6 yrs, 7»t 41b (VInrr) 0 Mr It Halt) a ch h Umberto i )rs, 7st, 41b (Malont) 0 Mr A Ham) s b or br li Middlcunrcb, 4 j rs, 7st Slb (coueji) 0 Mr J scobies g m Luck) Hit, 4 }rs, 7st Slb (An« In) 0 Mr CUT Hartsbrhbt John, 4 yrs Ost 111b (SValker) 0 Mr VV divert, tun 's, bl li Penult, 4 )rs, Ost. 91b (G Wilson) 0 netting -6 to 2 ngst St John 7 to 1 nest Middle mareil S to 1 each ac,st Illa Ghost lralco, and Pro di,,al le to 1 each agst Mozart and Mallee Indee «as running »eil lu frunt ns the horses caine falrlv into view ltO)al Irishman and Hurricane »ela sbo« log mominontly at tho head of tho others lrnlee bel I lils lead as thev carno on Ironmaster and Picdical being Immediately behind him 1 nterlug the stiuleht Iraleo was btillhl front and bt John ha I cone forwaid to sooonil placo , Ironmaster. Prodigal and Huirle mc »cru next In tho straight Mozart shot out of the ruck and coming on »ith a Uno spurt eli d!cn"cd tho leader, and »on easll) bv a com le oí lengths llurrleauo carno fast at tho finish and beat Iruleo b) a head foi second place bt John »as louuh Prod!c.ul Ironmaster, and King Charles were nett Time, lui 17s Till] SlAkLS The following are the stakes won at the Caulfield Cup meeting on the 11th and 18th inst 'Ihey will be paid over at 12 noon to da) - Mr H O Talbot lstCaulntldCup.£1,300 Mr J VV llsou Jun - 1st Great 1 oal Stakes.GOO Mr r W lilis .ntl Caulfield Cup .600 Mr W Cordon 1st Caulfield Guineas .876 Mr VV Leek 1st btiel lechoso .. » .. .. 260 Mr I D llobcrtson 1st Toorak Handicap .."".. 248 Vlr I A lang Jrd Cnulfleld Cup ........ 200 Mr J I. Held 1st Midden Plato ......... 181 Mr I Minson Ut 1 list Hurdlo Kaoo.109 Mr W licld 1st W Indsor Handicap.164 Mr A It Robertson IstNurserv Handicap .148 Mr A I bulllian 1st «otond Hurdle lloco .. .. £130 2nd 1 irst Hurdle ltaco ..... S -189 Mr A Saqul 1st Soiling Unco .100 Mr I Wliitthicham 2n Idle it loal&Ulkcs; . .. .. .. 75 Mr VV Wackier .nd Caulfield Guineas. 76 ilr It Oir 1st lindon Harriers' Voso .. .. SO Mr 11 li ralklnor- ! ' .nd SteoplecliObo ,, .t £6 2nd Toorak Handicap .... 3 \- 2$ Vlr W Dargin- f 3rd (.teat 1 oal Stakes . ,, .. .. 25 Mr li Love 'Inl Cuullleld Guineas .. ,, ., 25 Mr A Anderson 2nd 1 intlon Harriers Vase . 20 Mr A iw Wnckwood nd ? litldcn 1 late . _ ,, .. 8 lion W leaison _nd Second Hurdle Hace . 8 Mr I Mondv - .nd Nurserj Handicap. 3 Mr T Code) - 2nd W indsor Handicap .. .. ». .. 3 Total RACING. The general entries for the Moonee Val'ey Cup MeetuiK will close this nfternoon at Mr Coxsofllee Kirk s Davaar, at 4 o'clock 'the first event on the programme is the All ased 1 rial blakes of ¡50 sovs , four furloli¿s J Ins is a race for maiden horses, the conditions being similar to those of the V A T C M ndeu Plate '1 he Ngarveno Handicap follows the pn?e being 40 sovs, distance tour furlongs A scllulB race ot 50 sovs , four and a half furlongs , the Steeplechase of 50 sovs , one mile and three quarters , and the l'htenix Handicap ol 00 sovs , five nnd a half fur longs, make up a programm" which should furnish an excellent day s racin¿ on batur day next _ SPOUTING TLLÜGKAMS (rnost Oun CoitnESPONDENrs ) ADKLADI1 SUNDAT The annual athletic sports of the Cricket. Football, and Athletic Association were held jesterda) at the Kensington oval Hie do vernor being present Roberts (Norwood) won the Mile Handicap, starting troni scratch , time, 4m 15s Bleechmore (Ken snip-ton) won the Champion Cup, win nmg the 100 and 220 Yards Han dicap 1 hit Haces, and being second ni the 440 Yards Handicap 1 lat Mace He had the| longest starts Atkins, of the South Australian Club, and Coi, of tho Ariel Club, won the three and five mile bicycle bandi caps with long staits Gliddon, of Port Adelaide, jumped oft 4in 'lhere weie 15 events. The weather was splendid Lady Robinson presented the prizes. 1 itteen hun- dred persons were present UALLARAT, SUNDA) " 'ihe third event of the btoddart Trophy was sailed on the lake jesterday. It WAH a grand race, and nsuited as follows -KI)ing Scud, Pinafore, Viola, Dailie l!ay, Halium., and Grand Flaneur. The Keportei gave up the (¡rat time lound. Tlie rowing season was opened HUB after- noon by a number of races COI-AC, SUNDAY. The annual meeting of the Colac Turf Club waB held .vesleiday, at tho A'letona Hotel, when a good muster ot members was pieseut The balance sheet, which showed a emull deficit, was ndoptcd. Mr John Calxeit was elected president and Mr, Charles Forrest vice-pnsident A deputa- tion from the Regatta Committee was intto. dueed, when an unlimited discussion arose as to the advisability of having thu legatta and tho races in the same week It was ulti- mately decided to adopt the suggestion, the regatta being definite 1) hxed for the end ot 1'ebruar), and the day following being selected for the annual race gathering. It is expected that this arrangement will hove the eflect ot attrnctmg attention in spoitmg circles, and induce a large numbcl of peisons to visit Colac on that otc IBIOII it waa also resolved to hold the race meeting on boxing Da¡ i as ni prev IOUB j cars. SYDN1.Y, SUNDAY. A match vv as commenced on tlie Associa- tion cneleot giound )csterda> between a semor eleven anti lifteen colts Tho latter went in lirst, and scored 120 AVhen the stumps weie drawn the eleven had three wickets dow n for "1 Thobjdnej Amateur Sailing Club opened the Beiuon jeslerilnj, when tlie club's Iii et went through a number ot evolutions in the holborn. _^^ ClUCKEl'. Till. M'l.l-AN CÍIAI.I.T.NGI- CUP. EVST Ml I.BOURM: V bOLTH MLLHOUl-NI. Hie lather curious tlrcunistauco of a match com. mcticed last season und completed on baturila) ins presented on tho South Molbouino cricket ground lho South mid 1 ast Melbourne clubs met tow auls the close of last season, in a match for thu M*I can Chi! IcngoCup, hut on lue to delays fiom vnilous ilrcum stances, theinatch wus not llulsliud at thu close of the benson Thu V C A decided that each club should retain the position held on the Jlst of March, anil should completo tho match tltis season W lieu phi) commenced )cstcrdnv thu stutu of tho guuie was Last Melbourne, first Innings, 2J4 , South Vlelbourilu, 121 for clKht wicket* The Fast had their full te mi In thu Held, but Harr) und YV orrall w el o nimbin to pin) for tlio homo te nu, so that South Melbourne ii 11 out) to lose onu vy iekct to i oinplete their Innings Minchin and Bariutt wint In, but thu former was t iiucht alf M'bhuno lu Ina lb st over w ithout tlio scoro beingultctcd As tile South wero 110 runs behind, the) had to folio» tliclr inning* Slight and lruuiblu led oil to tim bo» ling o! M'-shune and Robertson, but thu former was caii"ht when lie liad lnailu 2 runs onl) V\ nltcis und irumlile niadu a stand, and enrried theBcorc to66before Vl'bliaiie,vuthafist brcaklngball, took rrumbles wicl ct.he haling bcoied 26 Another bal! otcvic-l) thu same kind scut IHrrctt lim k without seorlnir Dcclcj was not loiiir at tho wickets, but made good libe of his tlinu, and lind sooted 24 when ho tuve u verv cas) citch to lliistliit» VVultcis, who Clayed with tho line cITect bhoiiu last season, made OS clure he was caught lu hitting round after a loose leg bill from VI Shiino Hu g ive a chance to Cump- lid! out nt tlio boondin) nilen ho lind scored 4J, but otbciiilbO his bntting lins hurd and tate Hie leiuninuig batsmen were easy wickets for VI Shono mid Tinpp, mid tlio ci,hth wlokrt fell with the score nt IS >, leaving 1 ast Mel bourne JO to get to win the match In doing this the) lost a wicket,'lrupp being bcalitllllll) btllmped by Gibson, who in lils short tilnl behind tlio wlakcts showed a Meat deni of skill lho fiduru of tho bontheru was due to the Hue bowling of M'bhanc, who took altogether six wickets for 40 run*, tho turf -to which agrcut dev! ol attoiitlon had been given being all in fmour of tlio bntsmeu lho following are scores of tile second Innings - SOUTH Ml LBOURN'C htCOMI 1XMX0S Slight, o Allee, h llobortsol. 2 Ti unible, b Vl'bhiine . 21 Walters, o Alice, b M'Strutt .. .. (l8 Berrett, b M binnie . 0 Diel), o Hostings, bllapp .. .. 2t ellison, b VI bliauc . 4 Major, h fripp A! Minchin not out C Mullum, b MSlinuo buudncs .. .. Total .1J5 Bowlixo AxAiAni. -M'Shnno, 168 balls, 40runs, 7 maidens, 6 nicket-, Trupp, 48 bulls, 27 runs, 1 liinidcn, 2 wicket*, ltob-rtson, 61 bulls, l8 runs, 4 innideiia, 1 wicket, Horan, 30 balls, 20 runs, 1 uialdcti, Groube, l8 hills, 11 runs KAbT MLLlJÜURNt HICOXD 1NMN0H. Tripp, st Gibson, li Hniictt .. .. 7 Robertson, not out. 13 llorun, not out . 6 Rjo. _l Total for lwlokct .20 M C C. V RICHMOND. I A ono du) s match-M C C y R C O-vvns pla) ed ' on Saturday, ou the îuotropolitun ground Thohouio team won tho toss, mid eleclud to bat first Tiley were all disposed of for 114 runs VVhoii the stumps woro drawn the visitors had made 0(1 runs tor the loss of four wickets Appended aro tho full scores - MCC Bruco, o and b Hoslu .2 Dickson, b Hosie .. .. 0 O smith, o plat-he is, b Smart .. ..82 Swift, o Major, li lion niau.31 Tennent, inn out .li Wingrove, h How mai.2 J Smith, o Stokes, b Smart .. .. 3 Dun"), o and li bmart .0 Riddell, b lloiiinin .. .. 2 Coouiughum, o Irinuick, li Morris .. 10 M Millan, not out .. .. ..1 Sundries . . .12 Total .. .114 Boivcixu AXVIYHIS- Iloslo, 78 balls, 10 luns, D maidens, 2 wickets, Morris, 00 bulls, 8J tuns, 2 maidens, 1 wicket, Turner, 24 balla, 20 runs, Bow inmi, 61 hulls, lo runs 2 maidens, J wickets; Smart, 42 balls, 10 luns, 2 maidens 8 wickets. ROO Trinulck, b Bruoo .. .. 41 Boiiuiuii, o Dulf),li Connlngham.. . 11 'furner, b Wlngrotu .. ..10 Morris, st Sivilt, b YYingrovo .. .. 16 Stokes, not out . .0 bundi ILS . .10 maidens, 1 wiekut, Dul.t, 00 halls, .0 maidens , Conniiigbiin, io tullis 16 runs, 1 milden, 1 wicket, Wingrove, Jo hulls, 2U run*, 2 wickets. CAHLTON A' KITZIIOY. These clubs pla) ed ut Cm Rou on faaturdn) Carlton batted Ilrst, l) Browning, llicrinan, I", and YV Robertson pln)lngucll foi 61, 17, and 12. Carlton ml) plu)od eltht men, lhu loiloiring aro tho scores - CAHLTON. rillST 1*, SINUS Thcrmau. .. 17 Beveridge . 12 Bundill . 0 Robertson . 12 G llrownlng. 64 J Sp-'.il . 1 Melville. 3 Cookson . i Richards, not out. U Total .103 riT HII8T 1X.MX0*. Pientico, not out.10 Phillips.7 lopping, not out .10 Total, for oiie wicket.30 MAW bl'. KILDA Tho first olov ens of how and St Kilda commenced a two days' matoh nt bt hilda on buturday lust Tlie follow ins is tho full scoio - JvLW >inRr ixxiNus A VV. Barnard, b b. biulth.64 0 Hanlon, hllnnis .10 Ross, b Hnrpcr .24 Roberts, run out .1,1 Nicolson, b Oakley ,. .. . II 1 Ister, st Fox, li Oakley.21 , Coakly, b oakley ... "2 1 root, b Oallc) . .... .. 10 Bl ownc, b s billilli ...3 Dodd, nut out. .. ..0 Rjis .8 Total ' .ICO ST KILDA. iVUUsT IXMX03 I Sutton, b Toot . 0 Hunt, not out . & Harper, not out . 2 U)c. .. .. _1 Total for one wicket .. .. 8 VVLST BOUltKL TltOPIHBS Tho Keilor and Isiindou clubs met on the Bam don ground on Saturday, In a match for the trophies presented b) Messrs Staughton and Deakin, M LAS Keilor went In th»t and blond DJ, C Bro»n pla) ing ln.llno st) le for 17, und VV btilncsIorlT At call of lltuo Diseudon had lost fivu wickets for 26 runs. BOVLi: AND SCOTTS CLP Tho com.uiU.loii foi the nboio tiophj was com menced on Saturday The match Noitli 1 ll.ro) y Grosvenor, lila) ed on tho giound of the latter, wus wltucbsed by a lurge nanibcr ol spectators The (Iros veuor went Ilrst to the nicket*, but tlio last wicket tell for 10 runs, oniug to the bo» ling of Uri sdale und Marshall, the foi mci sccuiln.' three wickets loi 7 nins and tho kittel lour wicket* lor 12 runs. The Noitli then went In for theil iunln«s, and wucli time vi »a lulled had mudo 71 for the loss ot nln. wickut., thu principal scon is being Drja lule 11 Smart 17. (¡uecnsborr) i. A in i Yurru -V urra \ ina did not send a temi, _o the ijuecnsberi) get a bj o Cipnlet v South Welbourne lu Umuna-South Melbourne Biitaiinlu won thu to«s nuil mudo a. .-cod start, onl) tn o wicket* being do» u loi 4. On Im. to thu good bowline oí Jtvdel.tliel welcall disposed ol for (II IUH9, Lim» (22) and Johnson (li))p!u)lnguill for their runs Capitiet uiaile n go ni stxrt ni) two wickets being donn for 6, but thu rest of the temi did hut little, tho lunillas closing lui 07 YVhitcouk and VV ard each made 21 Gibbs WIB in good form, tuting four wickets (oi ver) fu» tuna V ¡ctorl i United v Oiinond-V letona United, 45 At callo! time Oi mond had lost Bul un wickets for 105 , S-eilo 61, líenle) I) VV cstern Market v Doinsln -Dom tin vv on tim tom, and went In, but, on ing to tlio good bon ling ol Pan court, who took six wicket« fcr U tuna, they wore ull disposed of for 48 runa Vi ustci u Murkut mudo 60 for the loss of six wicket*, Ales* o lb, T. YA ii) 11 Hotham lilli Union i West ' andrlilgu -Hothini lilli Union, b7 ; W iib) 20, Todd 14, YY ll.on 13 Small took six wickets for 46 nins VV cat sandridge lost lour wickets for BO luna. Sl'ORTS DLI'Ol TitOl'lUPS Capulet v. Prince of Wales proi oil an easy y lotory for the Capulet h) an Iniiliim and (JO runs Capulet, Ilrst innings, 100 runs, J. Whiteoak 47 not out, Black 22 Coulson l8 I'rlnce of Wales, first Innings, 2J ; second Innings, 17. llobcrts, 11 vvlckots lor 24 run*, and Sampson, eight.«lekots for 14 runs, bowled well for tho Capulut I Pxcilslor (pla) lng two min short) ST v. Cullls Hill and Co -J. lu the second luuiii.s tim Lxcelslor lost I one vi Ickot for 11 runs ' Coclirom 10 not out, and licklo li not out. Lnurol 47 v Mohnitks 02 foi sol cn nlckots Hotham hill Union 03 and 22 for no vvickots v. Grosvonor 81 South Yarrai Hawksburn, for Dnvlosand Harriss Tiopblts -Thlsniatcli «as started on Saturday last, on Iho ground of tho latter, mid resulted as follona -bouth larra (tirst hillings), hatting ono mau short, b2 Ashton (¿J) and Watson (211 «ero topseoicrs Ila«kahuiii (Hist Innings), six nickels for 27 runs £«.st Mclbouriio ltoi era i Yarra Ltend resulted in a »in lor thu foimer bj S runs tho scores berne, last Melbourno Holeis 77 (VV illlams 27 not out mid W ataon lil), V nrra Uond, 00 (VV atson it and VV tlliaius 10) Wade, Watson, and Wolla bo« led tortile Hovers, Sheehan doing best foi tile llelid Last Melbotirm v bouth Melbourne (Second Hovells)-Tho tonner kolng to tlio wickets Hist scored 111, the principal scorcisbciug VV 1 llasttues 17 (not out), Annes J2 and C Alice 11) South Mel bourno nt the mil ol timo had lost one wicket Tho match testified in a illa» A in itch «us pi i) ed on baturdn) bot«ern Kow Ah}luuiCC v llulieuiiatis, on tlio ground of the formel Die seoies «oro-lloheminiis l-ll, h A C C, Hie «¡ckcls for 44 lor the former lord, M'Arthur, ami thomson »ero tho principal per (oriners «1th V 2> and .1 nins respoclltolt , and for tho latter M Michael 21 lol the As) lum bun um took llvo w Iel ets fur .1 runs Albion v Weatl ndiisulted In a draw Seoies - Alliion, 41, West y ud, seien »iekttsfor II) tourilie) United v Hotham Alma-Iho foimor made li, and the lntterf7 lioso of Hotham v 1 Itzro) -Tho former made 111, and the latter 4 j Tho following matches »eroalsoplajrd - Parkville, v Melbourne frailes, 'bo former won by 64 runs, Auburn (100) L Stuart J2, and \ Johns Jl not out, v Grace park s coud (19 and 27 for six » lo! ols), Christchurch (75) v lllvcrsdalu second (2.1 and 11), tarlton linpulnl (Ut) v balmain (4(1 ami 14 forillo wickets, Kel ford United (12 and 4J foi five «lekets) v Morn) Union (21 and 7), 1th na (70) v Al oca (17 foi elLht «lokctB and 1.) Alma road Grammar behool (00) i, Albert park High behool (40), loots craj (17 fur light »lekets) v Mulbo true second (.s), Wet Vtulbouino (JO and 1) for chico wickets) \ Wut Melbourno Alberts (IS), West Melbourno (10 and 44 for seven »iolats) v Vlntjlebouo (is), -louth larra Weslcjs (S7) i Wtslei collcco (61), ltlehmoiid Chinch Associniion (SO) v bouth \nira (4 1), Crescent Association v llainbo», tho former «on bl 20 runs, »looks, Itohluson, and lo I U (10 and .1 for llvo «iel ets) v luu.sllis CC (17 nndJ4) Mehoso('l)v lenipolanee(U) Mchoso(ll)) v 1 ast Hawthorn (0) Cauteiburj seeon I (1)1) v r»l licht (11 and II) liiigliton lei minus (i4) v beaf Mutes (OS for tit ht w iel ots) Wnvolloj (slv «lekets foi S7)v bU Crispin s (HI), fur the A linfield troph) , rootsenv second (127, Irciith 12 not out) v lluro) second (11 lor Iii o wickets), Keep and Lo ¡CC (.11) v castlemaine lire« cr) (21), Kow second (iO)v bt Kilda second (II), bt Iniltrs College (0); v Kith mond second (48 lot six «iel uts) room vu, sroiirs The firth annual nthletio sports In conncvloti with tho brunswick 1 ootball club tool, placo on baturdav aUeilioou on tho llecreatlon rescue, Ho)al jmik, In the pteseueo or ubout 4 000 spectatom A number of valuiblo prize*, «oie olfeied foi eoinpctltlou bj tho residents of tho borough, mid the contests In tile various events »ero of an exciting tinturo Hie foi lo« lug aio tho results of tim races - Maiden llact, 100 janis-O Crajford, 1, J Mack« eil 2 A Johtistono, J br Íceles cup-I) 1 csho 13 points 1, T Strick- land 10 points, 2 , W Lcwls'7 points, J Majota! Cup-A O 1-oUc.hlin, Id points 1 , Tomltlns, 0 points 2, A Muekwell, 4 points 3 Vlr W ill ices cup-b M Dougall 14 points, 1, J M Shannon, 7 points, 2 le strickland 0 points S Uov s Unco -F Manidinck, 1 , J llglio, 2, U Southern, J Drop kick (rootball) -J M bhannon,l, W Stride land 2, J biaj J 160 j ards Open Handicap -VV ilkhison, 1, VV Moore, 2, Warwick, 8 Hurdlo llaeo JOOjards-II Heming, 1, W Strick land, 2 , le btrlcklaud, I Not ult} Hace, 100) ards-T Mackwoll,l, VV M'hay, Drs Stewart and Ilcnr) s Cup- It Heming, 8 points, 1, 1) Leslie, 7 points, 2 , VV btucklauds, J points J Sack ltaoo, 100 ) mils - 1) Tongio, 1 , 1 Tighe, .00 Vaids Handicap -J M shannon, 2 , VV Lovvls, 2 , 1 btilokluud, J Milo Handicap -It rlaning, 1, A O Lougblln, 2 , T li ilpili, J Hall mile Handicap-It raining, 1, A Edwards, BOWLING. Tho Melbourno Club plnjcd their opening match on Saturday afternoon against tho lliebmoiid Union Club, and aftei a woll cuutosted game, succeeded lu gaining it victor) bj 12 points tlio folio» lug «ere the plovers and heures -Vlelbouiiie -No 1 lllnk Little, M ood, Ullitt 1 I lewis (captain) SO Nu - Itink-Vail fanelrs, 11 ilderson Vlacdonald (captain) .1 No I Kink-Malu baillie, VUrtln, 1 Hunt (captain), _J No 4 ltluk-Clnilti Marum, Molfat, Hodgkiss (captain) 17 total, 101 ltlehmoiid Union -No 1 ltluk- Gaidlier, I cnlell, forbes, Mltehcll (captain), 12 No 2 Kink-Johnson beutle), Hell, butter (ciptnln) 20 No J Itink-UonOle.li, Holt/', fisher, Nation (captain) JO No 4 Kink-Lock, Hansen, bleach, sen, bleach, Jim (captain), 24 Total Ul Iho bowling match, South Melbourno v Kew, »as plnved at bouth Melbourno green on Satur du), lbth hist, and lesulted as follows -bouth Melbourno-No 1 Iliuk - Inwtoli, lhnokwrii), Vloore, blown (captain), 20 points No 2 Kink Cockblll Hopkinson, Walker, Glover (captain), 10 No ¡> ltluk-Itiissull, I Indi »y, Dodds Oldham (cop tain), 20 No 4 Kink-Aitken, T loid, Norman, ble id (captain) 31 loUI. 117 Kew -No 1 Hink -llralin, Martin, btanle), stewart (captain) 26pomes No 2 ltluk-bulart Crav MGrccoi, Madden (cap tain), 27 No J ltluk- Allen, Loci stone Ovciibault, Thompson (captain) 21 No 4 Itink-How Ison, Gal hraltll, nowlands, 1 Inlav sou (captain), 16 JCotal, bS bouth Melbourne «on bj .1) points cniltuii v nest MilOomiio resulted in n »In for Carlton by olfo point the scores being -Cailton - No 1 lllnk-Lvwciilh ti, Keir, Wallace Kenned) (captain) 2J No . Itink-Waters, lolmson, Martin, l'urves (captain) .0 No 3 ltinl -tord, Leonard, bannon, I Letllam (tnptdn) JJ No 4 lllnk King, OGmdj Ulalu, illlctt (captain) 30 lotal 112 West Melbourne- No 1 Itink-Miller, Mont gumcrle Heywood btedetoid (captain), 4u No 2 ltluk- Hardhaii!, I endlclnir), l)ler, Nettleton (cip tain), .2 No J Kink-M bon lid, Ma), Aitken, Ult th (captain) l8 No I ltinli-Thompson, P l)ror, Do» cn, Sims (captain'', .0 lotd, 111 LAWN ULN'MS INTEllCOLONIAL CII VMPIONSHIP Tho llual match I id) v Gentlemans Sets was pla) ed on bnturdn) on the courts of tho M C C , in thu presence of it nutilttous OMcinb n"e of spec tutors, amongst whom «ere it !art,u iiuuibet of ladies, «ho took treat Interest lu tho pla) Hie lined icsult of tho gamonas a win foi Mr W J V Kiddell and Miss Kiddell, who I e it Mr 1 Halu"h and MI-.H Osburno 16 gain is to 7 Miss Kiddell achill plated vei) well, mid Miss Usborne also pin) ed it good}, uno when tile oppoitunitj appeared, butuwiug to tho (.cn tlcinen plajfug at tlicuet a clent deal, ltdepuiul tho ladlcstlouiexeielsiiigtlich skill lu thcuscofthttackit and tai lug tint piommtnt pirt in thu game the spectatois would Uko to bino seen It »oui I be bettet In out futuiu matches that mtiv le nrrtiiLcd if the gentlemen would plnj at the hack of tho court tilth their partners, »ho, «o ale sute, «ould nish It so Notwithstanding theso slight dri«I reks, the ladies and gcntleiueiis sets lime proicd a cleat success, and bid fair to become tho feature of nevt jeal s meeting AQUATICS IN NLW SOU'lII WALKS [BY SIT.CIAL Wllffi ] (TROU OUU CoilltESl'ONWNr ) SYDNLY, feiiMivv Tho N'ott South VV ales Rowing Association sie>,atta, which was held ) csttiday on the Purrnmittit Hitor, attracted onlt n small number ot spectators, mid the contests uNtltcd but little Intelest Iho 1 ight otr Chnm|ilon Íbice tuts won bj the Sjthicj KowmgClub, and the Vlajois Grind Olinllcnc,u Cup bv the crew fiom ¿it Ignatius Colltgt the Cfiiidliut Challenge tup was tnerelj alo« over for the cíe» fiom Newton liios' «nrollolist The Sculling Ultu for the 'Sjdnej Mail Challenge Cup «as won bl A 1 blurl mil About 1000 persons conc.ro,st al (ii tht hanks of the Nepean Kiter.at Penrith je teni n, to tltncss two sculling races Ibu (list race, between bolinnnn und Ittcrlvcuip for eroasidi «as «on cislb bj hemp Kemp then row til Neil VI ttelsun for , 00 oioi a courso of tinto miles mid 110 tards A close race ensued (or two tuiles, «hou Keiiiphiidileiilj collapsed, being nuid willi ci mips, leaving Matter son to «III ns he pleased Ol'LNING Ol' '1 JIL Ï ALII J INO SLASUN, 3 S» i IVO VICTOItlA YACHT CLU13 Tho «lather ot balinda) atti moon « is ] ropitious for the opening o( the v ichtiii" se ison lutoiired with a good frcdi «orl mg bicc/c fiom the south mid littlu sea, the ot out p i»sed oil ino t Mitlslnt tonlv and nltliouch tlio full muster of vnelits unt tl|iited sonio «colls aeo waa not in conmiission there a] pears to bo no doubt but tlint «IIInn two or three necks tiaro »ill, na surmised, be at least 12 jaebts representing a tonnage of 241 toiiB, to which number mij bo niblet! at nn carl) date Mr C G Millar s schooner Hod Gauntlt t, 1 Iii tons Iho conunodoro of the Victoria i acht Club, Vlr Hiclnird White, took the Mat cluccn from tlio mornings calIj, and Lave thu hignnl to follow his mclemonts 2» minutes befoto tho appointed timo Hie v neills »ere, ho« ut cr, equal to the clnergoncv, and the Janet soon showed up from bel anchorage neal the lied Gauntlet at the Sandridge Hi nd The Hjgcia took up her poslllnn qulcklt, and on bel deck could be scull some ladies, who weio the cuosts of tho ll)gcla Club, and the) appeared to be anjo)lug them solves, and etinccd c,ient interest lu thu proceedings rho llttlo Southern Cross, with rear conunodoro Heath s ling at tlio main, raced out from Williams town with the Minnehaha, and from superior handling setmed hkelv to glto tho larcer vacht a drubbing An cssav was made b) the Pert lo carr) on a square headed topsail, but coming out Into tlio open and leaving the shelter ol the Williamstown breakwater her owner had It taken down, and she proceeded mulei the largo new mainsail « Ith « lil li she has Just been fitted east, but not least, to bo mentioned was tbofaiourlte cutter Secret once moro in commission, which Ur notion now sails in placo ot the Miling The vnchts stood olf on the starboard tack, following the Mat Queen to about one third of tho distance to St Kilda and returning to tho bical watei at flto minutes to 1 the signal wasgltcn II I) It from Uno astern of ooinniodoro Once formed lu Hue, thu ) nchts w ere as folio t - Mat tineen, sell, II VV bite II toni 11)cell sch, K Latham, 73 tons Janet cutter, bli VV J clcrl c, JJ tons Secret cutter Or Bowen, .0 tons Port cutter J W I tish, 13 tons Minnehaha, cuttci, Mr Droit no, 12 tons biutlitiu Cross, cutter, Major Heath, 0 tons The conunodolo under mainsail and outer Jib onl), Ud the j nchts through the shipping towards the baudridkc bend b) the Loch V ennachar and nstoru of the Uietn, and after two boards stood on tho »larboard tnoll 111 tho dircotlon of tho bt Kilda Wurt At twent) minutes to 4 tlio II) gua signalled for permission to part compati), nnd retired imiuodloto!) afterwards tho Mo) Queen ran up 11 I) Q., roriulbiotoportofcouimodoio, andttio skilful handling of tho Janet coon alto« od, as abo took up lu r position first, that her si Ippcr, ilanucr, li id us usual both crew and boat under perfect command The becict and Pert follow id, and ns each succeeding vnrbt caine into Uno Jibs were hauled to nlndttard, and further Instruetloi 3 awaited Hcru tho comnio doio paid tho compliment to tho fleet, Il C a " You are performing well," and nu imitation (UN r) to board tho flagship followed ltcprescntatlica from each) acht Joined tlio May Queen, willoh hole to to rocclto her guosut bet oral toasts appropriate to tho occasion were then drunk, and on tho return of tlio ilsttots to tho various }acht8 tho conunodoro parted compati) »ith tho signal II D ,l* Anchor OB most convenient,' and tlio }achts, with tho uxcciitlon of tho Secret, »ho wont for a short spin, again picked up their moorings shortly after 6 o clock Iho first cruUo In company bj tho Victoria Yacht Club will tako iiloco on Saturda), tho Sith inrt » whon >nchtfi aro tu bo assembled off Williamstown at 2 o clook p m nhuip, lead) to proceed to BCU The t ommotloro reuiK-iU that thero should be no \ Ultors on boanl reqiiirintr to bo put onhoro after 2 o clock p m , and that special attention to signal and prompt animera tliould hot, h on_ YACHTING NOTKS Tho St Kilda \ acht Club ha\ o determined to o pi; u tho scabon with tho drat taco for the Dougall Tro|iii\ on tho irth November Tho .second ami third races for tilla li uidüomo prirc aro IK ed for tho 20th iNov otu ber and Uth December Tho entries aro limited to tho club juchtanot cvcLcdiiy ¿'.ft o crail, distanco thren timed round the usual courue, with timo allow uncu of ¡min per foot. With a \luw to fflvinp non u.ilinjr mernl-ort-not heloiuintr to tho regular crows soma índucoim¡nt3 to join tho club It is intend«! to flat apart certain da)» tliroiuhout tho -.canon for crnU-ing On thosn di) s tho vv bolo of the club boats will bo at thu disposal of tlio members to nail or cuilso around for tho afternoon rho houth Australian \ aoivt Club aro to open tho season ua\t Saturdav with maniuvrea Tlio coin mlttbO aro titled.g «topi to cot theil latuh acquired i.ropert) at Ulrl enln. id (M hondrl. 1 a building ) ard) Iiaudcd over to them and tho commodore and \ icu conuiodoio wcio nominated at tho last monthl) meet hur lu. tho truster-, of ibu lau 1 lho i'rincu Alfred \uehb Club 0)dnt\\) Uno post poned tbtir oponhu to Not ember, owhitf to tho absenco of tho couiiuodoru (Mr J li Want) from tow n lho S)dnc) Amatem Sallln? Club, necordimr to their last annual repoit consists of 180 member« Ten rates wurt «ailid In tho last Beaton for ODO of which, tho (ieddes frophv, tiaro wcio no les*, than 20 entries and BO numerous aio the boab, becoming on the club register that lho committee found it necea air) to divido them Into two ohiM n tlio first con fdsttnir of bouta exceeding 20ft o\ ei all, omi second class JOft and under 1 ho ommittto lepurtcd tho fliinn cial affairs na bcinir butihfacton, despite tlio lus» ol _trOühiistaiiiedb) tho i luh, awi._,f to tlie rLbumption of tlio club house hv tho CIov eminent lho .uiaiteil) dlnnei and «Kia. ovou.mr oí tho \ t -U.liild last lu blnv, uu_ not equal to thu re unions of foiniei oec islun-« 1 rom u < tub roll of lf0 mombors on li eoniu -0 wero present Amone; tho liiichts wai. Mr Julian 1 homos who mado a happ) little «vpucclu lu which ho t-tatc 1 that he bad not )ut bal thu pleasure of Joining in vuchthiy on our sea ao that lio could not f,ivo his inn russlons of tho spoil us beru curried on Hu would however, tal.o thu earliest oppotLmiltv to Join foiiiu of thu)a hu, au would then o\prean his opinion in auothct way Uii lmpus-doii wai tint our lari_fu t-Xpiiiac of vvutur t. li ou Id nuil o hcttci neimen of tlie \ lutoii tn )aihts men than the moiu contine 1 hal norn of Sidnc) and that thu «port did not ucclvo tliat support which it deben e-d, eoiiaidotiny that to tho mu 1 iib land owed her ftiuitiici-ü sr. KILDA SWIMMING CLUB Tlio annual policial ímctinn of the ¿>t Kilda Swim mln^ Club waa held at thu (*eore,o Hotel, ht Kilda, on Wednesday A larj,o niunhei of tncmbci«. wero present a id Dr It h fc.chlu.[iiL,ei occu| u_dt__ot_itlr i he report and bilimo HIILU for tlio past biaMin showed that the club wan In a hound and prosperous condition und that tho publia had taken u"rcater Juiciest than usual hi swimming matt ra j,enu ill) A presentitlon of a vet) hundaomu i,ol I chain mid locket wan mado to Mi U li 1 erj,iib on hy the chair man, on behalf of thu member., of tlie club, foi tlio unthill.; enere;) disp.u)cdh\ Mr Ki| U^HOH in thu welfaru of tho club JUio eleutlon of olllcc bearers re sultod aa follows -latron, Hil L\cclluncy SirIlenr) Urougham I och hGU, \tec pt tal lents, Mossi« 1 AlBton, 1 J?, J Woolf, It 1 fachlcbiiiL.cr \\\ I ox, and II I Davidson, bon bec, Mr A Watt bon treasurer, Mr A I lint-hall , captain Mr J I«, liol land lion Insttucto».. Missr« I 1 Holland W H Utile and It K Dohert) handicapper, Mr I 1, Holland, Marter, Mr O Hicluudaon , .ommiitce, Mcssia CJ 11 I erffus.on, A \ouutr, 1 (J l.tchardson, G Little wood, mid It K Dohcit) 1ÏUWÎNU ThcMilllanir-town How hu; Club opened tho season on Saturdav with r-ciateh race« between foura lhere wero flvchoatj the final belnjf won by Curry H crow rho touroo waa from a beacon near tho rowing shed to the Stevcdo.o vtieet pier The W lUlauistowu band played selection., duriny tho contest 