SKETCHES IN CORN WALL.-Nc.VH. [By a Wayfaiiek.] The interest of the Cornish coast is by no means exhausted when the traveller has visited the Lizard, the Land's End, and Kynanee Cove. On the Jon# stretch of shore trending northwards from Cape Cornwalijfco Bude are spots rivalling Kynanee in beauty and scarcely less grand than the Lizard, To see what has to be seen, however, the shore must every now and again be left behind, and detours made inland; but those who wish to do so will be amply repaid for their trouble. Passing St. Ives and its pretty bay, spoken of in a previous article, the first point of attraction proceeding northwards is Piram Bay. This may bo reached from Truro most conveniently; but to any one following the shore St. Aguc3 would be the place from which to visit it. The village of Piran Forth is a small cluster of houses lying amid huge towans or sandhills which run along all this part of the coast, forming what are known as Piran Sands. These are the result mainly of drift during storms, and extend some times as much as a mile inland from tho sea, hence the old name of i the village of Piran was Piran in^ibuloe, or ; Piran in the Sand, The name is now2oor- • rupted.into Perranzabuloe. The point cf ; interest is the old church in the j sands—undoubtedly cne cf the first j Christian places of worship erected j in Cornwall. St. Piran appears to have been an Irishman, and to have landed on these ■ shores in very early days. On these sands he j built a small chapel and a hermitage, and these, though of late years bareft of soaie of their interest, still stand. To find the chapel buried as it is amid pathless sandhills is a task of no little difficulty. In order to avoid a walk over the sand when we visited the spot wo drove to a house on the road about midway between St, Agnes and Craufcock, , There our driver left us with the assurance that the chapel was close by, but having by judicious previous questioning ascer tained that ho had never seen tho place himself we thought it better to enquire of a man who stood at the door of the cottage near which we had stopped. " Wo'!, my son," he replied to my enquiry, " io the chapol— yes, to St, Title's—well, it may be two miles and it may be three; were my lass iu she could show it to thee, but she is to S« Agnes: but there, thee keep down to the say and then walk over the towans till thee- comesfc to it." This information was vague, and not encouraging, but we set our faces to tho sea. proceeding along a road worn by carts passing up from tho beach with sand, This became more sandy and indistinct aa we proceeded, To add to oar troubles a drifting shower of hail blew straight in our faces. The chapel might have been easy to find by any one acquainted with its where abouts, but for two mortal hours we wandered up and down the sandhills, some of them at least CO feet high, with the loose sand above our ankles and slipping downwards at every step as we went up, and sliding unpleasantly rapidly as we wentdown, with the gustsof wind ana hail every now and again blowing bitlngly in our teeth, and still there wore no signs of tho ruin. Tho fact is tli&t; lies [so sequestered behind a huge to wan , and its walls are so low and bo much the color of the surrounding sand, that unless tho traveller knows exactly where it lies, he may pass and repass it without noticing it. At last, however, quite sud denly and unexpectedly, after a prolonged slip upon some sandy gravel which brought me down fiat on the back and ignominiously precipitated my companion into a shallow stream below on his side, we found ourselves at the wall of the ruin, The roofs, b/>th of chapel and hermitage, sue gone: in ides aii that remains of the latter are the foandrtion.s and a wall showing where a wiudo .y has been, The walls of the chapel are comparatively perfect, It is small certainly, sot mare than 20 feet in length, and appears to li tve been lighted by two windows — one on etch side. The arched doorway with some quaint carving was standing until a few years ago, wueu it was removed In pieces to the museum of the 'Royal Corn wall Institute, in Truro, in order to prevent it from being destroyed by ruthless tourists. At the east end wa3 the altar, but the largo slab which formed its top is now thrown down, Some years ago the ller, William Hcslam, the well-known missions!', author of "From Death unto Life," who was then curate in charge of tho pariah, investigated the ruins and found tho bones of a human body buried close to the altar, which he believed might bo those of St. Piran himself. They were enclosed iu a alone coffin and now lio in Truro, and will it is presumed bo buried eventually within the walls of tho new cathedral. Mr, Hsslam also carved upon the altar-atone an inscription stating that it belonged to the chapel of Si. Piran in the Sands, thus securing it against other than authorised removal. At the west of the chapel la a well formerly used, without doubt, for baptising, the descent being by a rough fligh-; of steps. Such is this relic of the planting of tho Christian faith, of its kind one of the most deeply interesting in England. St. Piran's cell and chapel are not, however, the only sight3 of the neighborhood. Re tracing one's steps from the sandhills to the road, and continuing inland from it across a stretch of moorland, ?, curious circular em bankment comes into view, This includes an area of seme three hundred a ud fifty feet, and is almost perfect, Formerly the embankment was divided into ridges or rathc-r terraces, but these are now obliterated. This is the famous »'Piran Round" and is but little altered from tho day when centuries sgo eager multitudes used to throng it to witness the representa tion of miracle plays, those ancient dramas of which that still performed at Am morgan is a survival. Haw long it is since any play was enacted in this turf theatre it is impos sible to say. All that we know is that in ! 1(511 cne William Jordan gave to the world a j sacred drama in tho Cornish language, which ] was then printed for the first time from j tradition. This some years later ?vas rendered into English by John Keygwyn, and an edition of it was published as late as the year 1S27, in English and Cornish. It is a rhyming history of the Creation and the Flood, Adam and Eve, Satan, Michael, Noah, Lamech, and the other patriarchs beiDg introduced. The author begins by describing the fall of the angels, and makes Lucifer declare himself "to be a great pullet." This presumably intimates that ho is " cock of the walk." Judging by the stage directions the play must have been decidedly peculiar ; and the language anything but ro fined. The old Jewish tradition of the visi" of Seth to Paradise at tho command of Adam is introduced, and among the sights he beholds there is the Virgin seated on the Tree of Life. Amid, however, much that is not only puerile, but to our ideas shocking and indecent, some of the sentiment is truly noble, and expressed in language impressive from its very simplicity. _ Leaving this ancient temple of the drama behind us we must make our way once more to the coast, and select as the spot from which to view it, the high downs overlooking Watergate Bay, about four mile3 from the rapidly.i'ncroasing watering-place of Now Quay, and three from the ancient village of St, Columb, landing on this vantage ground, hard by the old entrenched camp, which rightly or wrongly legend ha3 associated with tho name of Dynas, one of Arthur's knights, and which some writers now maintain to have been the site on which stood tho twin castle to Tiuifigel, a most splendid scone bursts upon the sight. At isolated spots on the southern shore the cliffs may be more lofty, but nowhere else in England can be seen such a stretch of cliff and sea as is to be found here. A most glorious spectacle truly, whether ho sees it while each headland gleams softly through the warm haze of an autumn day, and the deep pure, placid, water lies stretch ing out before him like some va3t pavement of lapis lazuli, or while the rain beats in fierce gusts around the cliffs, and the roar of the sea as the white waves dash headlong against the huge walls that stay their course, drowns every other sound except the shrill cry of the seabirds that liy like white-sheeted ghosts athwart the leaden sky. The stoutest heart quails at such a spectacle when the north-easter comes roaring across the Ocean, bringing with it the cold damp mist that shrouds the headlands like a pall» and serves but to reader more terrible the sight of the eruel foam dashing high in air, which is revealed every now and again as the mist shifts and gathers again with tho eddying of the wind. On such a day who would not feel faint at the thought of some doomed ship driven on such a co»3fc, and silently pray for God's help to all tho30 who travel by sea"' Aw&y; to tho right as one stands on the breezy downs of Sc. Colusa o Bay lies the far-famed Bearuthen Steps, where standing out from the san-d are strange quaint pinnacles of reeks, that oao especially known as Queen Boss which bears a faint resemblance to a lady wearing a high ruff seated in a lofty chair Further off is the headland by Pads tow, and yet further in lonely grandeur rises the rocky summit on which stand the ruins of famed Tintagel— " Dark Dtmdsgil by the Cornish Sea." Southward is the pretty little town of New Quay, with its cluster of houses sheltered in its romantic bay. There, too, rise the grim cliffs of St. Agnes's Head, and like a cloud in the horizon is Capo Cornwall, only visible to those blessed with long sight, but distinct enough to them on a clear day. Truly a grand expanse of coast such as may have met the gaze in Pros pero's enchanted isle with fantastic rocks and deep indented hays with gleaming golden sand, and the magniffcenfc expanse of azure see. A scene when viewed in all the added glories of sunshine, with the faint lulling murmur of the waves borne upwards in the still summer air seems more like some bright fancy of a dream than anything existent. Who could help but thinking as they gaze upon it of the lines All down lbs lonely coAst of Lyonnesse Sack with a beacon star upon his head, Ana with a wild sea-light about his feet, We raw them—headland after headland tlaine Far on into tho rich heart of the west-. But fair as is the scene wo must not linger by castle Terr&byl;, but press on keeping the sea and the cliffs in view, each new turn re vealing some new beauty on our way to the legendary spot of Arthur's birth and Arthur's death. On our way we may, if wo will, pass through tho small mean town of Camclford, as deserted and dreary-looking as all Cornish towns, where no mining or manufactures exist, usually arc. At Treiowa, hard by, tradition .says At thai- and Mordred met in fatal fight, and— ■? AlJ. day long the noise o£ battle rolled Amonjr the mountains by the winter sea, Until King Arthur's Table, man by man, Had faU'ninLyoatsessabout th«ir lord. A bridge over the river Camel still bears tbo name of Slaughter Bridge. Coming towards the coast again, we reach the little town of Boscastle, arc-und whose quaint old parish church centres tho legend of the Boaeastle bells. It appears that in bygone times the inhabitants of Boscastle were jealous because the church at TinfcagGl had a fine poal of bells, whereas their's had none. They there fore petitioned the family of De Bottreaux, to whom the town belonged, to provide them with bells. The request was acceded to, and .the bells were cast in London and dis patched by ship to Boscastle, On 3 bright summer day the ship drew near the haven and the pilot, a Godfearing man, re minded the captain that before he landed the bells thanks should be paid to God for the prosperous voyage. But the captain swore roundly that the stout ship and a favor ing breeze, and not God's grace were to bo thanked for their safety. On a sudden, says the story, the ship was shrouded in darkness, a terrific gale arose, and despite every effort the ship was driven against a reef and aaak> none' but the God-fearing pilot being saved .out of all the company. To this day it is said when a etorm drives in from the Atlantic, above the roar of the waves can be heard the deep muffled tones of the sunken bells of Boscastle. Such the talc. I was solomaly assured by ft respectable inhabitant that the bells might be heard on any rough night Well, one particularly rough night I passed Boscastle, and walked carefully, listening for the ghostly peal, but my usual fate at tended me, the bolls were inaudible. They had, of course, been heard the week before, but then I was not there to listen, A short four miles further brings us to Uie dark frowning headland on which stand the ruins, grand and massive, still in their deca dence of Tintagel. The site it in itself re markable for the bold promontory on which the present ruins stand, is separated from the main line of the coast by a precipitous chasm. There can be no doubt that the castle build ings cnce covered the hill side as well as tho opposite promontory, and traces of steps aro yet visible cut in the rock, and remains of a bridge which at one time crossed the chasm. It is jmpos3ible absolutely to fix the date of any portion of the ruins of the famous castle except those of the chapel dedicated to St. Juliet, and enough of these remain to show that the style was Transition Norman, which would fix the date at about the middle ' of the twefth century. There seems, how ever, without historical doubt to have bsen a fortress of strength here at the date of the Norman Conquest, and in the thirteenth century, by which time it was half palace half castle, David, Prince of Wales, was feasted within its walls in right royal style. But however much the stern logic of facts may be against the idea, the time-worn walls will always bo associated in tho popular mind with the mythic hero Arthur. Every Cornish lad and lass knows Tintagel by the name of King Arthur's Castle, and King Arthur's Castle it will be called so long as one stone stands on another, Perhaps it is well that it should be so. Tho old romance teaches lessons that this wcrk-a-day practical age may well remember. It tells of noble women of pure and stainless lives, of high soulcd chivalrous men ever ready to dare anything for the right, but ever defenders of the weak and the oppressed. These were legends that Milton loved, Puritan though he war, that Chaucer and the great master Shakespeare himself drew inspiration from. It is difficult to describe the absolute loneli ness and dreariness of the spot now. No sound breaks tho silence that reigns in the ruined banquetting halls, where now the turf grows thick and soft, except the deep sough of the sea as it frets bolow, and the sigh of the wind amid the broken walls of what was once "many towered Oamelofc." What a commentary this on human greatness— Gone are those who once held high revel here, some not even leaving as much as a remembered name behind ; crumbled into dust are the lordly tower3 and grand halls, but Ihe great grey cliff still rears, its head high above the wave, and the un resting sea still moans and.sighs amid the caverns as it did centuries ago. Our journey is nearly ended, but before we part let us turn back again to St. Colunib and wend our way to the pretty valley of Lan hearne. Here, embowered amid trees and surrounded with high walls, whichalmoat hide it from tho road, stands the ancient Eliza bethian manor house, once the abode of the great Arundels. The direct lino of this old Cornish family failed in 1700, and tho house passed to another branch, the Lords Arundel of Wardour. By them some ninety years later the huildiDg, with the ground curround ing it, was given to a community of Carme lite nuns of the atriotest profession of St. Teresa, who, driven from Antwerp by the revolution, had sought refuge in England. Hero they hav9 remained ever since. So strict is their seclusion that not even the priest who resides within a part of the dwelling ever sees i'fici? faces even in death, A closely closed door separates his rooms from the passage leading to the convent. An iron grating separates them from him in their tiny chapel, to which a few neighboring Catholics are admitted to mass on Sundsy. The thick crape veil which effectually hides the countenance of each j sister is ODly raised sufficiently to enable the • priest to administer the holy communion. I Even in death the last confession is made j from behind its folds, No medical man ever j intrudes within the convent walls. The j sisters are their own physicians, cay, their j own gravediggers, for when one of the ; community dies, her fellow si3ters dig ! her grave in a sequestered corner of the j convent garden, and there at dead of j night her body is borne to its last resting* j place, also by her sisters. One can conceive i what a solemn scene it must be. Those silent j nuns, spectral in their white garb and long dark veils, around the tomb, and the low voice of the priest as he says the last offices for the dead over one whoso face he has never seen, whose voice he has never heard, except in low whispers, and whose name in the world is known only to the superior who received her vows, Their chaplain leads a life of seclusion, almost as strict as their own. Without permission of the superior no straDger may bo received in his room; none may share the hospitality of his small abode, isolated from the convent by those massive doors of which the abbess alone has the key. It is true he goes and comes like the lay sisters who keep up all communi* j cation with the outer world; but his duties j are so frequent that but a few hours in the j day aro at his own disposal. Despite the j rigidity of their rule and their seclusion from j the world, the wealth of the nuns—and they j have abundance—is freely given among th° ; poor be they of what faith they may. No beggar ever knocks at their gate who docs not receive a dole of bread and the wherewithal to buy a night's lodging. A pale sad-eyed priest at our visit received us at the door of his house, and we spent a pleasant { hour in converse with him. He told us J much of his life, He was in bad health and j unfit for bard parish duty, hence his work | at Lanhernc suited him well. Ho showed j ns the chapel treasures in the way of vest ments and richly jewelled vessels for the sacred mysteries, and truly magnificent they were. As before taking leave wo knelt at hi3 side, and prayed in the little bare convent chapel, we could not help thinking with a deep wonder and admiration of the life of those, the faint rustle of whose garments, as they entered the hidden choir, just caught our cars. It was not for us to probe the motives that induced these high-born ladies, for such they are, to leave the world as many have done, in the heyday of their youth, and henceforward within those silent walls to pass a life of prayer and penance, not od account cf their own sins, bat for those of tiie world at large. I could bat pny that their zeal and devotion imgkt.be blessed. From St. Column, making our way towards London, a pause may bo worth while at ■Victoria Station. This alarming name, it may be remarked, is applied to a shed, the nearest house to which is about a mile and a half away, but which is the nearest point on the railway to the Roche Rock, It may be safely said that this mass of upheaved ielspathic strata is unique in England. It is situated in the middle of a long, narrow, valley, and rises abruptly from the plain. Strictly speaking there is more than one.rock, the central mass more than one hundred feet in height, being surrounded by several fantastic monoliths of lesser size. Was it the sea, now some eight miles away, that once lashed against this rugged beacon, making it a second St. Michael's Mount, or was it some sudden earthquake that reared it bore to remain as the wonder of all ages. None, not even the most skilled geologists, can telL. Conjectures many there are, but the secret of the Roche Rock no savant has yet fathomed. Tradition of course is rife with respect to them, and has it that they owe their origin to a contest between the giant Tregeagle and his constant foe the Devil. For ages they aeem to have been a centre oE religious worship. At the base is a rock basin, similar to those elsewhere connected with idolatrous worship in Cornwall, and on the summit are the remains cf » strongly wrought stone building—half chapel, half dwelling—dedicated to St. Michael, and which in Romau Catholic days was no doubt the abode of some pious eremitical brethren. From the style of the arches the date of the building may be fixed, at sometime in the eleventh century, The origin of the name has probably to do rather with the old saint, in whose honor stands » fair church in Paris, St, Roche, whose name indeed is still attached to the neighboring well, than as some have supposed with the French " Bocher." Here we must leave the reader, j trusting tbst the rambling journey we have j made together from Rome Head to Tintagel.] has neither proved unprofitable nor weari- j some, I 