CONDEMNED BUILDINGS. Slowly, bnt surely, we are gattting rid of tumble-down Sydney, Yesterday morning the I Mayor, Alderman Jobs Hatdie, accompanied by I tbe City Boilding Surveyor, Mr Sapsford, the I Chief Nuisance Inspector, Mr Soymonr, and tbe J assistant inspectors, Messrs Witkius and Baker, 1 accomplished another of tho periodical rounds of i "rookery" inspection. The property visited, though much of it was bad enough, does not com pare with some of tho abominations in the shape , of human dwellings upon whiah tho Mayor and j his advisers bave previously adjudicated. The tint premises sought by the party of inspec- , lien weie 2S0 Sussex- street. It wis a typical j broker's shop, crowded with an array of old and I new furniture, antiquated engravings, and i eecond-hand ornaments. Tbo building itself has the appearance of hnving boon a second-hand erection forty years sgo. though there is nothing ornamental about it. The bedrooms above wero lamentably small, and some of them without any means of ventilation, unless it wero the sleeper's pleasure to repose with his door open to tho mid» night elements, which arc but indifferently kept at bay by a temporary roof over a portion of as otherwise unprotected upper work-room. The parlour ceiling appears disposed to test the strength of the parlour floor. In patches of no slender dimensions the plaster is falliog t'rem the lsths ; and the other day, to tha alarm of the occupants, a huge piece fell frcm directly abovo a glass-oaao of wax flowers, dispersing in its fall all round the orna ment which it failed to injure, It ij unnecestary to explain why this was condemned, The caval cade of " safeties" proceeded down the same street, pulling up in front of a low sbinglc-roofod cottage. "Dive gentlemen snd miud your bats" was the exclamation ns oue after another tha au-hr-ritiea bent nlraost double beneath tho verandah roof, and then jumped a clear throe feoD to the levil of tfce flooring. In Englnnd tha ccttage would havo been condemned by a whole some dread of somebody's ghost, and years ago left to the dominion of tbe mice, only pointed at by peseing schcolboys as " the haunted house." As it is, however, unpoetic induttry has made it a haunt of Chinamen. The small cottago into which one has to cteep as though entoring a rabbit warren ha? become a flourishing Chinese settlement. Hatd as ever, the "celestials" plied thoir tools blandly indifferent to tho purpose of their visitors, and each happy in tbe possession of a fourth or a fifth share in tbesleeping accommodation afforded by dormitories scarcely larger than good- sized cupboards, and probably with appetites nothing daunted for nil that the dinner was beiog cooked in the samo apartment with tha cesspit and its objectionable associations. As a matter of fact, however, the cooking-range and tha cesspit were separated by the rem'.irs of n partition-wall n few feet high, this and tha adjacent bouse, No3. 379 and 372 Susscx-sticet, were, of cauiso, con demned. Teasing from Suisex-street into Ilarbour-strcet, Nos. S4, SG, 88, and 90, as well as 125 wero con signed to the lumber merchant. They were more or less dilapidated without and dismal within, A ecckntoo, tbe only cbccrful companion of the gloom, sat on bis perch in one of tbe tenements, and shutting one eye towards nn ominous crack in tbe wall, rehearsed tho pleasantries of happier days. In Ilay-Btrect two greengrocers' shops, 132 and 130, with the immediate cobbler's shop, wero also condomned. The drainage was vory defective, and bioad cracks appeared in the walls. Tho occupants might hare been blamed for keeping their windows closed and thus shutting out all menus of ventilation, but not indeed by anyone who hnd previously been stifled by the untrapped stenches of the rear yards. Two cottage?, Nos. 3 and 4, Little Harbour-street, would ssenx to promise development into a somewhat large harbour for the Bpread of epidemic i£ onco it got a hold in the neighbourhood. At first there seemed no possibility of gaining an entrance to cither of the houses ; but presently the door of one opened slowly, as if the ocoupant were conscious that a sudden jerk might bring the en tire buildiog down on her head. The cottages were condemned, despite the supplication of n Bmall hoy, who swallowed a stick of candy, and gazing pitifully into oar reporter's face, inquired, ' You ain't a-going to pull us down, Mister f " If Yeo War and Company's premises took fire in tbe night their Chinese employees wculd have rather a warm time cf it. The building, which seems to hnve been put up in instalments, is en- entircly of wood, and stored with well- dried timber. It was yesterday considered to be n cause of danger to the locality -- in the event of a fire, and was thereloro condemned, Nos. 400, 402, nnd 401 Crown- street, 2 and 4 Albert-place, wero all condemned ; whilst 391 Crown- street, with its adjacent out buildings, 39G and 398 Crown-Btrefct, nnd 8. 10, and 11 Albert-place were told off for general repair?. Reing pressed for time tho party concluded their labours for the day by condemning the premises need trniDcrarily as a Home for tho Fallen, iu Boutke street. Next week bis Worship will visit several shanties in tbe same locality. 