;OUR .LONDON LETTERj (FROac OUR OWN CORRESPONDe NT.) Again and again has Mrs; Geergina Weldon triumphantly vindicated her sanity and filled her enemies with.didobmfiture and confusion. If she be indeed madl there is a curious metijed in her madness, which.conclusively proves, whatever may be the opinion of medibal gentlemen interested in the profitable returns -of private lunatic establishments, that MIrs. "Veldon is singularly capable of taking care' of herself, and that she is ablei to argue eabstract questions of law, and to discuss and reason upon.facts before judges of the High Court in a manner which 'would be creditable to trained lawyers. It is very cone ivable that Mirs. Weldon, in years gone by, may have been the victim of hallucinations. Bent" sek is riot singular in this respect., Tie halluoinations of Pascal, Napoleon, Goethe, Dr. Johnson, Byrlen, Chateaubriand, and a'whole host of great men' immediately present themselves' to the mind. Their hallucinations were somewhat simiilarnto those of Mrs. Weldon,but no one ever attempted to inearderate these persons in lunatic asylelos. Not only has thie'energetio and talented- lady r*ained important questions, which must cause a thorough reformation in the lunacy laws of Great Britain, but she has established the right of a married woman to sue in her own name under the Married WVoman's Property Act, aisd has,mioreover, established the fact that damates awarded by a jury to a married woman, who brings an actionin i er own name for injury done to her person, belong to her as her one separate property, and not to her husband. In' exposing the abuse to which the lunacy Iaws are: open, as .they at present stand, lMrs. Weldon has performed a great puhlile ervihe', and she is entitled to to the sympathy and appeo. batiornof the British public. 'The aupervisiao of the Conimissioners in Lunhcy is a stupid farce, and the recklebs and impude.t mannerl:in whioh any one living in England' may be. de prived of his liberty w6ll' explains the indigoint protest of Mr. Justice' 'Iawkins in the recent trial of Weldon: '. Semple-t' The' law' in Ole state in which we find it is calculated to fil1 every one who contemplates it with terror rind alarma." - . M~lrs. 'WVeldon to, is reported to have held converse with her dog, who,' it is said, sihe believes hus a soul. This was'one pointwhi?o the' doctors s'cored acninst Mrs. Weldonllin coming. td the cbiioeluion that she was mad. i It Is, howerver, s fact that sonei, hundreds of millione":o our fellow-deni e believe tlhait.dbgs' and other animals have souls."This idea has obtained' from the remotest antiquity, indeed' ,:-long" before Pythagorns,. and' ise now' afirui article of belief among four-fifths of the peoples of Asia. I wondeorif flies have souis. hebsy are the torment of the English sunimer of 1884. From morn till night' theie fierce little .dragons 'distract ics--hey won't be cauglit, aind they can't be'killed; they terrify "'nd madden by' day, and they, haunt our pillows at night. 'Breakfast- flies; luncheon-flies; dinner-flies;:: . They get into our tea.they stick inu the butter,' they spoil. the sugar~, and they swarm in the gravy. They ;sit upon my very penholder as' .I write. Make a vicious dash iat one,; and over goes the ink-stand, ' Gape, and you may meet the fata of ' Pope Adrian IV., who 'was choked .by one eof these little demons. '"You may 'rave and swear' and shake .your.filst in impotent rage, but still they buzz round with that horrible 'mtuooking and tormenting buzz which is so calculatedIto give the mind a religieus impetus. Luther said that ? ires were the ghosts of heretics, because they always promenaded upon his Bible when h6 commenced to 'read. No worider Sancho 'Panz' anathematized them. ' 'One ofa the funny on dits of the day is that Lord Randolph Ohurchill, who has been giving :Mr. Gladstone so much trouble, has a familiar spirit... The familiar takes lup his quarters in the ferocious curl of Lord Randolph's moustache, aid whispers his' nstructions into the ear of the fiery little orator and it is true that his Lord ship's fierce'torrent of satirical invective seems Increased in proportion to theo' vigour' with i whicht hetwirls his moustache. But 'why a should not Lord Randolph have a familiar ? Philosophers, statesmen, and even kings have' ascribed their learning and wisdom to t intercourse with the other world. Mohammed had his dove and Sertorius his hind Agrippa t had a black dog, Odin carried about the I embalmed head of Iimer, Numa used to con- a verse with the nymph Egeria, Minoas the legis- 1 .lator of the' Cretans had a quiet chat every t nine years with Jupiter in a cave, and Manko I Kspak said he came down from the sun in order to instruct the Peruvians. Sixtus V., Marechal Fakber, and Roger Bacon sll had their diabolical attendants, so his Lordship is not at i all singular. . On the 1st August,.1884, we sang our great c preon of triumph in commemoration of the victory obtained fifty years ago, to celebrate ' the grandest example of disinterested humanity in the history of the 19th century, to recall to c the British nation the fact that' fifty years ago weo paid £20,000,000 to nccnmpllish the abolition of negro servitudo in the West Indies. and to t exchange congratulations upon the 50th anni- t versary of negro freedom. On the 1 1st August, 1834, not only in the West, I Indies but throughout the whole of the t British dominions was slavery abolished. I No less than 800,000 men and women in .r Jamaica alone sprung from bondage .into r thaiglorious light of freedom, and the work of. I Granville Sharp, Buxton, Wilberforce, Pitt, Fox, Burke? Brougham, and others was trieum phantly accomplished. The slave was free S;nvery was 'practically abolished in India a in 1815, and in 1848 the French Republic r abolished slavery- throughont the French d dominions. In 1801 Russia, under the late c Czar Alexander, emancipated 20,000,000 sbrfs, a and in 1865 no less than 000000 000 of slaves c secured their freedom in the Southern States of n Amer;ca. Tie anti-slavery work of the last 50 years has been productive of many beneficial results. The Bey of Tunis ehas been induced to I declare against slavery. Sir Samuel Baker and I Gener,,l Gordon did wonders during their a tenure of oflice in the Soudan. In Moroceo the I public auction of slaves is not permitted; at all c events,, this is, so in Tangiers, and Brazil has d just intimated her intention of following the f course we initiated half a century ago. Brazil is r the only part of America still oursoe, with the old system of bondage. But slavery still exists I in Cula, in Asia; and in Africa. Much remains I for t '. Anti-slavery Society to do. i The London season opened badly with tiole death of the Duke of Albany, and ran a very I drasrv course until the obsequies of the season e of 1881 took place at Goodwood, Not a few d yoer'g ladies who were to be brought out d defer, ed making their debut until 1885, deter smined that nothing inauspicious should mar n their etrec int. society or lessen the number t of their first year's donquests.' Tis'p fashionable wprld laveo pow'put up their shutters,and the thousands who fear qf the bcholerra will keep fr'om their usual continental haunts, will make the I arts of lodging.house keepers in fashion ablies aside resorts bound with joy as they find their apartments filled by visitors who live li extrtyaganely' "and. pay exorbitant rrices, r Those poor wretches who amre leftin town havp h peothish ito do. but read the proceedings of the Pivorpo Court 'a'nd Ouida's latest, the ladies are'd saraici and the men laeu. The day is gaped away, and in the 'ening. the upper en grdueelly subside into whist, ohicken lsacurd, r 'hacearat.' 'August is a proirerbially hot t pontl, but this year the heat Is phenomenal, To my ahinking, ' ' , Wieese is nothing in town'half so aweeteas .a • plunge . ' ' Ire a jolly big tub, with a jolly big sponge." 3 Tn weaeier like thin there is nothing iikena good roeiy tub;, a big sponge,'and an ifod peg. lIoe of the poets havre gone into estacies over I v'lh.' 'young'drleam or the first 'thrillsof pas. - ; R" 'Rhymed about what, In their private opinion, delicious or not; ; But none, though they certainly havn't ' eibused'it, y.an. 'nave lauded ts tub. Let us hope that they g seaid it." d The late distressing death at Nottingham of lh'."J?setide.Watkik William's' one of our most rilspeeed judges, and is shinlidg light among the Dssenters, has ceused a most painf'ul'impres sion is soooety. Wfi evidence'of the girl Nellie Banlis,who waoe last with the learned jsidgeo, n f- giiv enin eztenso in one of the Nottingham papers. 'Therepoert has been relprinted, and is noei being circulated nadd sold in the streets of London in pamphlet form and under the most offensive titles. It is curious that Mr. Justice Lolies, only the day before this shooking ocunrence, had caused to he read, in pursuance :oefal old custom, the proclamation against vice and inmorality. b Some English newspapers have been com menting upon the unhappy end in Tasmania of an English girl named Rose Herbert, and the Samaritan conduct of a Mrs. Hubbard, Mrs. Fysh, and other kindly women who gave a helping hand to poor Rose. Unenvied be the man who treads the earth with such a cloud of guilt upon his soul as the betrayer of this girl, whose fate, judgung from the reports, must be known to you all. For a woman who loves "not wisely, but too well," there is but one escape--the grave. "Man, the lawless libertine, may rove Free and unlicensed through the wiles of love, But woman, sense and nature's easy fool, If poor weak woman stray from virtue's rule, If strongly tempt she quit the thorny way, And in the softer paths of pleasure stray, Ruin ensues, reproach, and endless shame ; And one false step entirely damns her fame." All honour to the Tasmanian women who lent a sympathising helping hand to their English sister. But there are some of us who would like to meet Jonathan Herbert alone on the hill side. 'The dynamiti policy of the Terrorists is prae' tically a' failure, and public interest in the trials is now relapsiig into the same apathetic attention with which the general run of crinies is'regarded by'the Brilish publio. The punish ment which has overtaken Daly and Egan'will probably he a warning in the future to those who desire to create a dynamite panic. As you will have seen from'the English newspapers, Mr. Justice Hawkins, at the Warwick Assizes, sentenced Daly to penal servitude for life, and Egnn to penal servitude for twenty years. An order in Council has been issued, directing - that hereafter it shall not'be necessary for the prochlamation against vice and immorality to be read in Court, at the opening of Assizes by her Majesty's Judges, and Lord'Bramwell has expressed approval of the aotion in Council, because "the Clerk of Assize, or his officersgabbled over the proc!ania tion, and if by any chance it was: heard by the public, it only called forth a 'laugh," . This proclamation was originally instituteod in the reign of Charles II. \- On the 15th October, the claimant is to be released on'"ticket.of-leave; and will at 'once proceed to "vindicate his character,anod to expose the villains who have been concerned in the monstrous conspiracy against him." On being liberated;'it is said that he will' commecne the campaign with a course of temperancesle e tures.; Should William Cresswell turn outto hbe the veritable Arthur Orton after all, 'of courso the Claimant's friends will be jubilant. In. October 1882, I was travelling' in New South Wales with one of the Tichborno family, and from Sydney went up the Parramatta to se ' William Cresswell. The scenery of this: river . was unlike anything I bhave seen.: in .Europe or America., It is' one. continuation of bays, inlets, and promon tbliis all dotted over with beautiful villas, and 'gardons'until you reach. Gladeville, some few miles from the capital. No doubt it is bad taste on my 'part, but I prefer it to the Derwent,.. The little town of Parramatta is, next to Sydney; the oldest in the colony, and is ahodt 14miles up.the:'riv6r; west'nof' Syddhy. Parramattalesiwoll known - for its orangeriee, which ueo said, by people who know 'nothing about it, to hbe equal to thosedof Los Angeles in Southern California. There is'? large lunatia asylumn at Parramattaidondr the eare 'of. Dr. Taylor, who we fobuis:in a state of qeoitemont at having read-li the mornindg's paper that; a commissioner had'been sent to N.S.W'. by the friends of " the unfortunate 'nblemadi langliieh ing in Dartmoor" to visit.thpParraimatta Asylum for tho.purpose of.eeoing Oresswell. We were courteously recei?ed by Dr. Taylor, who took us to see Crosswell, who we found to he, poor fellow, ;a' gibbering idiot. He looked at'us vabaicny a'nd muttered vague nothings.. As we' 'we?a ?told' that' ho had during .a lucid interval' recognised' one of his sisters, a Miss Cresswell, it is difflcult rto understand how he will be turned into 'Arthur Orton. I hear that Thomas.Oresaswell, brother of the liunatic, lis proceeded to Sydney ito identify him.., Dr. ,Taylor's asylum is of the usual description, and divided into wards for mnales'and females. -Ev~erything rasoadmirably clean, and'the' patients appeared, as far as we could judge, to be troated with every considera' tion arnd kindness.' . r: Bank holiday, sacred to' St. Lubbock, who bha more days dedicated ,tothis real worship than any salit'; ii tho caleindar, 'proved a boon to millions . N'rer bad we such glorions weather, and, ,for a wonder; every one was satisfied. The ''trams, ' the 'steamboats" ' omnibuses, wagonettes, brakes, and cabs were crammed with pleasare-seekers. ' All the popular resorts were crowded to overtlowing. The Health Ex hibition, Alexandra Park;'the Crystal 'Palace,. North' Woolwich -Gardens,:" Westminster Aquarium,.Madome useaud'e, and theljosher. ville Gardens wdre full, and at sight the theatre-goers had'to be turned from the.doors for want of,e'en standinig room. We hkve recently had numerous donaonstra. tions against the House of Lords, and there seems, ainongata. certain class, to be' a very strong. feeling against hereditary legislation. The people believe, or say that they believe, that the House of Peers is composed of the descendants of knaves brought over by Williamn the Conqueror, the illegitimate sons of kings, loanmongars, and the eldest, sons 'ofat traitors and bastards, with !a "sprninlling of eminent lawyers and poets, all of whom, are' instriimen tal in giving us a '" bloated 'taxdtiodi."' Mr. Labouohore says the House of Lirds is' uselh's, dangerous, and ought to be abolished, andbthat our 500 hereditary legislators are haters of the nation, and that the powers they wield are an insulti and an outrage to the nation. -?r. Bright calls the House of Lords the. "spawn of corruption," and Biddlaugh'and Co. indulge in some very pretty and picturieuo -language 'descriptive of our hereditary legislatois. The long - distance' amateur wiimmleg championahip has been won 'by Mr.': G: Bell, who is also the half- mile amateur cphin pion. The long-distance course is from Putney Bridge to Charing Cross, some 8f miles. Mr.. G. Bell, the winner, iscisphltin of tied Sandringham and. Unityoluhs, 'audcovered the distaiico inl hour 10'mints bheatling W.. . Itter, the holder of the cup; by 59 seconds ; F. WV: Mose, of 'Grove House, SHC., and captain of the 'Zephyr S.C., was third, and only 4 seconds 'behind second man. There were four other competitors. Miss Beckwith and others 'are still winning golden opinions by giving exhibitions in the art of natation. The importance of being able to swit is so obvious that no person should' be without a practical knowledge of this art. ..Last week no less than nine ':people were drowined in different parts of England, somne of them tinder circumstances in which had theyk nc-wn how to swim they omight easily have saved.'their lives. Swimming promotes .health,lessens.the chanbes of drowning, gives as the power of saving life, and strengthens the body, as.well as themind, by teqching 'confldeneo and gtving' courage. I am not 'going to say anything about Leander and the Hollespont,'.' hbt I strongly 'advise everyone to learn to: swim. Delay In' aoquiring this accomplishment may cost you your life, and the man who recklessly does so is a fool. But there are degrees of foolishness in this as in everything else;. : `C' o monde eat plein d faous, et. qui n'ec. vent pas voir Dolt so renfermer seul et causer son inlrroir."' But then you know all' mien are fools, and in spite of every care they dtffer only in the doe gree. There is the young fool,'the middle-aged fool, and the old fool.' Eacl has his peauliality. The young fool talks about what he is going to do, the mid.dle-aged fool aboqt what he. has done, and the old .fool about what he would liketo do. , Alasl the experionce'of all mankind may be summed up'in a very few words-"Yes terday they deemed themselves tob have beet fooels, and ton-morrow they Will very likely be of the same 'opinion."' There have been many unpleasant opisodes conneoted' with the visit of the American athletee to London. At Liverpool, forinstance, ,Iyers and Co.declined to appear because of the heavy rain,, which they complain.d might result in injury to their health and reputation, buttwo daye afterward they competed atStour bridge, whore it. rained all the afternoon. Apropos of athletics, the greatest runningre cord in the world is that of Doerfoot, who ran 11 miles and 970 yards in an hour. This re cord, however, is believed by competent judges to have been a swindle, and it is confidently asserted that 9eoh quarter of a mile was shortened by six yards. The best authenticated record is that of Mr. G; Georgo, who ean 11 miles' 032 yards in , one hopr on Blonday, 4th August. But a really astounding yeooord line soceptly been made in the trottinig world. A inecsting was rrangeod by 'the Narragansett 1,ark Association, near ?rovidence, Rhode Island, wheraJay-Eye-See beatMaud S's record of 2m. 0lsec. for onei mile. Thei cablegram, however, has not given any particulars, but by 1 the time thisroseclies Tasmania no doubt the Ameriean'sporting papers will be to hand also, and you willliave read an account of this alto gother phenomenal trotting. W. H. Vindorbilt doen't Ilke it. Records are always being beaten. On Wednesday, 6th InOt, the OuCanard .1.M.S. Oregon, from New York; arrived off Queenstoin harbour at 12 minues past.7 in the morning,' completing the distance in the re morkably qulok tlme.of 6 days 12 hours and 53 miiutes. This ie eald to bathe quickest passage an renord. niiss Ellen Terry is at Deal, and is rapidly recovering her health, which hoas suffered very nerioosly from the effects of vacinnation. Among the many or dits of thde theatrical world is one that Mary Anderson, the beautiful American actress, is about to join the Carmelte Nuns. There is a dearth of fashionable news, 1 but it will intarest you to know, that Lord aPetre will shortly take his seat in the Houoe of Lerds', becausd Lord ?aotrae'is the first'Roman 1 Catholio ieriast who has sat there' since the Reformation.' Gladys Lady Lonsdale is to marry Mir. Edger Vincent,' but I hear there is a hitih 'somewheroe' and that the proposed marriage .may not come off quite so early as anticipated, ·, Sir Thomas Braasey, of yachting. fame, is. grouse shooting at Attidalo, io. Itoss-shire. Groos, bshooting has coinmonced in earnest and thousands have madotheir i.vaytb'tho mbors. Birds are plen tiful and stsrng on the wing, and if'Is expected that this will prove the 'best season for many Yars,. ,George Augustus SalawIlt. take a run through.'the, Australian. colonies early next year and Will treat yfoc to a series of lectureh entitled "Life'ais I have seen it." It' is really very doubtfril"aftr llUifit will bha possible to rear the infsntDukle otAlbany.' Iti i: avery weak and delicanto child, and last week ita was enodangerously ill thatthe- Queen :had to be telegraphbd for t Olaremont.. The heat for England is extraordinary, and onthe 11th inst. the' het of tibemotropolis was hlgher'than it has'been for_'twentv years. At the Royal Observatory, Greenwich the theraio moter registered 94'2 deg. in the shade, and in. the sun '150 8 deg., 'and at the Crystal Palace the thermometer. registered' 9'5 deg. in the shade. Theroshave been several casoesof death from sunstroke. Lord Lauderdale was struak by lightning while shooting on his moors last Tuesday,. the 11th inst., and died two hours afterwards." Thi deceased Earl was 62 years of age, and sucoceeded to the family honours in September, '1878. He .was un married. The Duke of Wellington died very suddenly yebterday afternoon, at the'Brighton Railway Station, of heart, disease. The Dule leaves no issue, and is, therefore, succeeded by his . nephow, Lieutenant-Colonel Henry Wellesley, late of the Grenadier Guards, eldest surviving son of the late Lord Charles Wellesley and Augusts, only daughter of' the late Right Hen. Henry blanvers Pierespoit. Hie -was born in 1846, and in 1882 married Evelyn, daughter of the late Colonel T. Peers Williams, of Temple House, Bucksa. 