NOTES OF A FALSE CHURCH. ( Continued from last issue.) > 'Let, the' fourth! mark of a corrupt ; church be - this, That'she still pretends to tlie power, 6f working miracles, in conjvr motion of such doctrines -and practices as those I have mentioned , although every rational -creature . sees, she ; ".is wholly, destitute of that power, " arid, instead of miracles, only palms on the undiscerning a miserable legerdemain of pranks, so impudent in the performance, and so impious in the application; that/ she! is in the rignt on't to extinguish the sense arid reason of her votaries before she' attempts to feed their credulity with such a juggle. God: was pleased to make use of, miracles; truly such,- as the best,, or I should :rather : say, ' as the only satisfactory! : proofs of divine revelation.-: But! as real miracles give the highest attestation 'to the mission of the worker, so, of all things,! a pre tended miracle detected, is the most Apt to throw the imputation of falsity on- the cause 'that employs it; first, Because it amounts;- in -fact, to a confession, that the want of other proofs makes this necessary ; ' and; secoiidly, Because there is no believ ing then who presume to : deal -between God and the ' world by a method so impiously disingenuous. He that offers any other kind of proof may think it vaffd, and therefore it is . not - demon- : stratiori, that he intends to deceive ; but in this kind, every man must know, before he begins, whether he is going to work, a real miracle, or to belie the-: source of all wisdom and power, by a detestable piece of villany, than which, if he should chance to be: found out, no. one thing in the world can more effectually bring ' sus picion: on real miracles, or so deeply wound; the true religion. It follows, therefore,; that the worker of a pretended miracle' must be considered as a -man of rio religion j as a most atheistical deceiver; It is true, indeed, that a very wrong- headed inan, ; through an i unaccountable species of zeal, or; a wrong-hearted one, for some by-ends of his own, may attempt to impose on the superstitious by such a practice, even in favour of the truth. But we. are not here speaking of madmen ; neither is it our intention to represent any church, or cause, as: responsible for the unauthorised conduct of fools and knaves. But we insist, that every church; setting ' herself forth as empowered to work miracles, when she ! knows she is not, is a fallacious church, and must be held responsible for all the juggling pranks of her party. The Church of Rome universally lays claim ;to the power of working miracles ; and Cardinal Bellarmine makes it the eleventh note, whereby that church may be proved to; be the true church: But the frequerit detection of'her miracles, in almost every; country of Europe, has tho- roughly exposed; her claim to the ridicule even of the more rational Papists, if such men may be .called .rational j who can. continue 'to communicate -with a church ! so palpably convicted of :this impious 'fraud.:'! , Let tlie fifth mark of- a corrupt Church ibe this,1 ) That either Iff her. principles or , ordinances, she .encourages her. members to ;sin. It is the grand end Of true religion ;to reform ;the- lives of inen,>,iri order to their happiness; both temporal and eter nal; Ehe religion that inculcates such principles and motives, as strongly tend to this blessed effect, gives the highest proofs of its truth that can be possibly proposed within the verge' of nature. On: the other hand, that church or religion, ; which gives men hopes of compounding, with God for happiness on any other con ditions than those of real piety, arid good ness, gives as clear a proof of her own falsity as ; can be drawn from the nature of things in any branch of knowledge. Was it not the main end of our religion to call us to repentance and newness of life ? Can he enter into the kingdom of God, who is not reduced to true Christian sim plicity and the harmless disposition of a child? : Our religion- was not given to license Bin, but so far as human 'infirmity- will permit, wholly to remove it ; and although sinless perfection in this life is impossible, yet . the . very design of the atonement it announces is to make provi sion for the complete spiritual renewal of men, their, sincerce repentance, and ut most endeavours to amend. " Christ our Saviour gave himself for us, that he might redeem i us from all iniquity, and purify unto himself a peculiar people,, zealous of good works." .. " We are therefore not to walk after the flesh, but the Spirit." "Now the.- works of the flesh are manifest — which are these: adultery, fornication, un- cleanness, lasciviouBness, idolatry, witch craft, hatred, variance, emulations, wrath, Btrife, seditions, heresies, envyings, mut ters,, drunkenness, re veilings and such like." The Holy Ghost assures us, " that such as do these things shall not enter the kingdom of God." But the fruit ,of the Spirit is love, joy, ipeace, long- suffer- ; ing, gentleness, goodness, -faith, meekness, | i teriiperance;,"! arid; in word; the virtues ; ' opposite to all those .vices :just now enu-- merated. " They that are Christ's have j crucified the flesh with the affections and : lustB ; knowingthat If. they live after the ; flesh they shall die : but if they, through the Spirit, do. mortify the deeds of the body, they shall live' for as many as are led by the Spirit of God they, and they only, are the sons of God." God hath told us what he requires of us, and what is true religion : " What doth God: require of thee, O man, but to do justice, to love money, and to walk i humbly with thy God ' " Pure Religion and undcfiled before God and the Father, is this, to visit the fatherless and widows in their affliction, -and to keep ourselves unspotted from the world," The Church that teaches us to hope for salvation on ,these and such like terms, deals faithfully between God and us; but that church which explains'- -away these 'termrias the Jesuits do, and by its dispensationsand in- dulgences, offers-hopes of happiness to the unreformed, as the Pope: and the Church of Rome at large do, defeats the' very end. proposed of true religion. The Church of Rome in vain apologises for this practice, by saying, she grants her indulgences only for venial sins, and thereby relates the temporal punishment due to them in another life ? Who told her there are temporal punishmerits for sins in the -future; life:?'. Plato did ; but the Scriptures say no such thing. They call us to repentance, in this- life,, and say not a word of purgative torments hereafter ; nor do they anywhere -distin guish between pardonable and unpar donable sins, but in relation to' the sin against the Holy Ghost. All'sins but that are there represented as pardonable, on the terms of faith: and repentance before we die : and all sins are unpardonable, in such as do not believe and repent on this side the grave. Christianity gives no encouragement to the committal of any ,sin; not only because whoever shall keep the whole law and yet offend in "one p'int, is guilty of all, but because the- author of that holy religion knew, that the committal of such sins as the Church of Rome calls' small or venial sins, is, in itself, a great and; heinous1 sin, and natu rally leads to the committal of greater. To give an instance — wanton liberties lead to fornication, arid fornication to adul tery. But Our Saviour, to cut short all impertinent distinctions in vices of this kind, says, "Verily, verily, I say unto you, he that looked on a woman; so as to lust after her, hath already committed adultery with her in his heart." And is not a progress fromi less to greater- in other vices as bad as this ? If we doubt whether maiming and . murder arid not. as- well guarded against by: the prohibition . of anger and malice- as adultery is by that of wanton desires; we.; inay hear what Christ denounces against him who calls his brother or neighbour a! fool. The : case is "the same in every kind of sin, whether ex- pressly so ruled in Scripture or not ; be cause the reason is the same and the pro hibition of all sins is peremptorily and awfully delivered in universal terms. The wrath of: God is revealed from heaven against all ungodliness and unrighteous ness of men, particularly of such men as hold the truth in unrighteousness: But why do we stay: on this distinction between lriorfcal and venial sins ? Are not assassi nations, poisonings, massacres, mortal sins ? If they are, what shall we think of that church which encouraged her sons to butcher i so many - of the Protestants in cold blood throughout all the nations of- Europe, but more particularly in Savoy, France, and Ireland ; and three of her priests, to stab two Kings of France, and to destroy ari Emperor by a poisoned wafer; which the giver believed to be the very body ; of Christ ? This is infinitely more';than making small sins venial;' it is rendering the most atrocious entries meritorious. If heaven may thus be obtained, who can be so impious, so enormously wicked, as to dread the torments of hell ? Is this . only religion, the onlyr Church of Christ, aud yet teaches such things as these. .' This naturally leads me to a sixth mark or sign of a corrupt church ; namely, A cruel and persecuting spirit: Is- there ariy necessity to prove, that jsuch a spirit is not the spirit of the meek; the- merciful, the forgiving Jesus ? that the - genius; of his religion is wholly opposite to it; or that the! Church of Rome has given too evident, and too shocking proofs of a persecuting spirit ? Our . Saviour, one would think, laid an eternal bar against the employing the terrors of compulsion and persecution in his service. : James and John were for calling down fire from' heaven on the Samaritan village that did not receive him ; but " He turned, and , rebuked them, and .said, ye. know not what /manner of spirit yq;;are" of ; ' for the Son of man is not come to destroy men's livea, but to save\theiri." . Never- was perse cution on the ' side .of truth so justifiable as at that time. Notwithstanding all the prophecies and miracles that proved the 'mission of our Saviour, he was, in his own person', despised, and his religion rejected ; yet he, who could have dethroned Herod;' arraigned the high priest and Sanhedrim;, and crucified Pilate, chose to be : on the. : suffering side, rather than employ his power in forcing the assent or compliance of any man. Are they the followers, or representatives, of Christ, whose cruelty !! is thus glaringly condemned; both by his words and actions ? As there, is no one crime which natural humanity, and our holy religion, so thoroughly detest, as bloodshed and murder, so . no. church can, by any other mark, more evidently prove itself an- adversary to Christ and Chris tianity; than by the scarlet colour left on ' ' it, after a scene of persecution and slaughter. Let the last mark of a corrupt church be this, That she forbids the free use of the Scriptures. Is no part of them intelligible to the capacities of the illiterate? If any part of them is, why is the whole shut up? Hath he himself- anywhere said, that the learned only Bhall read the Scriptures ? No ; on the . contrary, all sorts of people are expressly commanded to read and meditate on the law, and to -> teach their children -therein.. They who do this are pronounced happy, in the first Psalm. Nay, he is said to " be blessed, that readeth arid heareth," even the deep and mysterious revelation, of , St. John; and all this without any . distinction, or exception, in regard to the unlearned. " Seek ye out," saith Isaiah, " the book of the Lord, and read ; " " Search the Scrip- , tures," saith our Saviour, " for in them ye think ye have eternal life." > Here the ignorant are not excepted, and good reason, for they stand most in need of God's instructions. , The, Bereans at large ;are commended "for daily reading and searching the; Scriptures,, whether those things " which the apostles taught, and proved by miracles, " were: so," as they send them forth; or not. St. Faul desires them all, laity as well as clergy, ignorant ' as well as knowing, " to take the sword of the Spirit, which is the word of God," no less than " the shield of faith," and, the other parts of the sacred armour. He orders his epistle to the Colossiaris to be read publicly in their church, or congre gation, and then in that of the Laodiceans., - ' i He says also; in his first epistle to the Tnessalonians, " I charge you, by ; the Lord, that this epistle be read unto all the holy brethren." The. same apostle sets it down, as highly to the honour of ' Timothy, "that from a child he had known the holy ; Scriptures, nwhich; were able to make him wise unto salvation, through faith which is in Christ Jesus.." "!'s And who were his guides and assistants in this great and necessary work? . Not- a learned priest, or scribe ; not his father, who was a Greek; and probably a pagan; at least when Timothy was a child ;' but , , his grandmother Lois, and his mother' Eunice, whose faith is commended, as 'the ' source of his. He is a person commended for reading the Scriptures, in his child hood, under the instructions of two! Women, who must have read the sacred - - books themselves, or they could not have' - taught him to do it. The Ethiopian:' eunuch, Who' was but a neophyte or riW ' proselyte, was so intent on the Scriptures,:! , that ne read them by the way in; his chariot, though he did not understand;the , passage he studied. But God was so well pleased with what he did, that he brought : ; Philip to instruct and baptize hi m ; -and — so blessed ; the well-meant, though weak: i endeavours, of this devout person, as 'to : 1 make them the occasion of conversion to a whole nation. Apollos,' who was a -man eloquent, and mighty in the Scripture, having been already tinctured with Chris tianity, had the way of God more perfectly expounded to him by Aquila and his wife, Priscilla, two tent-makers ; which could,; not possibly have , been done by these trades-people, had they not been first well versed in the Scriptures themselves. Here we see it was trie- will of God that all should read his word, arid that all did read it, at'-a time when they had inspired teachers, and consequently were, .undejj- infinitely! less ; .necessity -of, dep,ending,(qno,j the - written word; than ; the: same sort, of ii: people, are R.w-ri-chiys, when,. God knows, t theh'" teachera . of all sorts are far enough. v from infallibility.' ' ! ! .V) ?.|. 