THE CHINESE CAMPS. Amongst the otiier OUristmaB specialities in t^e shape of ghost eloriea of tlie good old stamp, as well as love, war, and murder yams by colonial aud other authors of more or less reoown, notbiug wliicli Las api.earcd in oar metropolitan conteoipnr aries, illuatrat d or plain, will be read by many thoughtful people with greater interest than t'.e reports published by tlie Government, through tlio Ju8pect3r-G"ije'al of 1'olioe, of ofBoiai visits , aid by Sub-Iu- spector Breunan and Mr. Quoug Tart t > the Chinese oamps of this colony. For the purpose of guiding these special commissioners in their enquiry l e folliwiug (loadings were sk«itoi.ed out by t'ii Guvt-rum^ut, on wbich information was r qaire>l, viz. : — 1st. The population of each camp ; conditions of occapancy ; distinguishing Chinese, Europeans, oliildren, and sexes. 2n<1. Whether ttie children receive anyelucati'iu, and by what meauH. 3rd. Tne eanitury condition of tbe eampe, and if e eepmg acoommodatioD, decent a>.d sufficient 4th. How tlie Chinese obtain a liv< liliood. 5t •• What nnmbBr of Europpau women are married to Otiineee. 6th. H iw many ore living in a state of oommon prontituti 'i) 7th. How many indulge in opium sm kirg. 8th, To wbat extent iB gambling oarried • n and if European men andboye fr^qu u nt the camps for that purpose. Carrying out these instrnotioDs the Chinese camps situated at Wagga Wagga, Narrandura, Hay, Deniliquin aud Albury were viBited, and tue following embraces the mo^t salient iioint? of the report: The fi>e oamps contain a total population of 942, male and female, including 86 European women married to Chinese, one Ohiuese woman married, and GO children. Eaoli of thete camps is, aocording to its size, more or Isbs complete with all the paraphernalia which its peculiar inhabitant) consider necessary for their enjoyment. There are stores, J"o?shonse9,oook-sbops, boardiug-honsc.s, lotteryhouses, aud fan tan roums, with every facility for opium smokers to practice their national vioe. Gr?at interest appeared to bs taken in tbe eduoation of the obildrnn, almost every one of sufficient age attending tbe cnbl'O schools in the neighbourhood. The European women of bad oharaj or who frrqnent the camps are, in Sub-IuBp ctor Brennan's opinion, directly auswor&Mo; for moBt of the irro.'olatilies and disor^ra whieh prevail t iero, aud while oommeniing oo this be entirely exonerate! the ObineBS from the allegation under whioh they have long Buffered, of being in any way responsible for the eedaction of these femal-s. Fifty out of seventy-thire of eucli womn) who were found in the campB vieit«d, were oosfirmed opinm-smokers. The Chinamen invoked tbe assistance of Mr. Qaong Tart to aid lliem in petitioning the Government to etop tlie import ition of opium altogether, and abonll t'nis ba fonnd impracticable it; would, at any rate, be of material advantage to enforoo tbe provisions of tbe Sales of Poisons Aot, wliiolt as far as tbe registration of Chinese 6' l'ers of opium is concerned is praotica'Iy » dead letter. The onrse of the opinm traffic has bean force! by oar countrymen npon the natives of the Obinese Empire, it therefore behoves ne to enforce every safeguard that can he devised to proteot lis victims from its fearful consequences. In dealing with offences perpetrated witbin the limits of fiese Chinese oamps the police ace invariably planed at considerable disadvantage, aud special 1'giBlation will be absolntdy neoessary in orJor to remove saoh. The Commissioners recommend stringent rempdial measure, whioh inolnde tbe imposition of pHnalties for gam bling or playing at nnanthorieed games of chance, a* we'l as for being present when others are engaged at playing st Each. They also recommend tbat European females fonnd in the oamps should, unless married to Chinese, be considered ne idle and disorderly persons. That a penalty should be imposed on Obitiain"0 supplyiug opinm to femaleB, Tbat male Europeans fonnd by day or night (witbont lawful excuse) in a Obinese camp should be considered disorderly persons. Opinm sellers to be lettered, and sanitary measnree to bi enforced, for which purpose some suitable person should be appointed to visit the camps. In these recommendations Mr Qnong Tart agrees, in tbe main, with Sub-lnspectir Brennan, bnt he bas so great an experience of tbe evils worked amongst his countrymen by opiorn.smoking that be etrnigiy urges for prohibitive legislation. Ti.e, revenue derived by the importation of opinm into this oolony amounted last year to £12 961. Mr. Qaong Tart has too high an opinion of the Parliament of tbis conntry to suppose for a moment that this paltry amonut will in any way iuflaenoe legislation on the matter, and believes that if members bad e practical knowledge of tbe evils tha 1 erite from this opium .trade, and oould see ior themselves, as he Jias seen, they wonld pass saoh a measure as be alludes to, without one diseentient voice. We caunrt help thinking be is reckoning witbont bis boat, and tbat were suoh a resolution proposed an amendment to the eflWt that the present duty sbonld be doubled, wonld be far more likely to meet with the views of tbe majority. Tbe Chinaman mast have his opinm somehow, and if its importation was prohibited/ be would find means to get it smugd-d. If it. in to be impirlel at all, far better make the duty oa the so- called luxury as high m possible, and by tbiB means, if it doe? not o''eok tlie trade—as it pr<b*ble might, tbe revenne would be materially b inafiltid at t'ie ernence of the bl»ck-haired sous of Hao. We give Mr. QJong Tart «verv credit for hi* pliiliut iropliical ideas on behalf of liie follow couut-ytnan, and were it not for thi fact t'lut >e practically B'auds abna, and wer-t t ! >e ffio.' to be crf-at^d it wonll, od bis resisnatj..n or demise beoome rxtioct for want of a sue. oessur, wj wanld strmipli' reooinm^M'i his appoiutm ot. at a 3'iit tbl • s'lHry, 111 1 e office of RUi>erint«ndeijt of Oliinepe Camps, for we f^el su e saoh a well educated au 1 large lieart'd M in^olinu coul 1 ex« t a ttn-t b^nefijial inflaauci on his m iro igaoraut md less happily sitJa od bn tbron. 