A HONEYMOON ADVENTURE. By A. C Chapter I. ' tt was a little before Christmas fast fear that Mr.Willuin Ardley married Miss Bertha 'Smith.. Pome months pre \- viott-)y Mr. WillUm'B father had departed this life, fall it riches and honours (he had oaoe been an hotelkeeper in a very small way, but that, is common with other ungenteei circumstances had loiig been, forgotten and forgiven); and the young man bad spent the winter going from one to \- another of his newly- inherited p«-perties--cattle and sheep stations in three several -»loniea-4a1ang possession of his kingdom, so to «pfnk, and acquainting himself, with the E^ct ^xtept and value of -tte Bame, He wm a capable vounir man. »lbeit his enaerience J»d been largely acquired in English public aclrobl andTmlversitF life, and litfle, if at all, in the idomain proper to si Australian landed pro prietor; but he was no jt *o business-likens his father had been. ,. .J , ?-i-t— - ? ?— ?**-*'—?'?«.-. ?? i«-— ?--? ' In mv opinion,' he said to Miss Smith, when they met \- at the November raoea, Whither he had repaired in a white hat with a ilabkbaiid round it and with a firm intention to enjoy himself —^in JUJLPJlSfo0 JO&MJ.; ' pade.fpfman, and notinattfoftoBMiyT^^ was a bond slave to Mb ledger and cheque-book ; he gave all his fime, and all tbe comfort of his life, and his very heart's blood, to ewell^hatJjalancewhiA now b-i^ in my name \- 'it such « satisfactory figure. Now I think that was a mis take, you k»i-w— as far a* hewu ooncerned ; and I don't feel called upon to sacrifice myself for posterity and a useless notoriety in any snob, way,. .It ^?W^^epinwle wouH impreeauponme that V&rto; iay;du-y &;;d^n^mj fortune, ;- jtoilingall my days in 'uie sweat iit:-£iiB!jf$k jw; j|W^aH,'|pi ? ? older that I might «cfeip»*^^|i^*^w^pii But I don't see any fan in th«&«(jne whaler.' Iliave not the least ambition to cutnp well; My Idea of duty is ' «o work* ior money, la:^iHaiifaUMkK^tM^iUrtKFi got it, bjit to J enjoy it 3Ori&p;!jr;if ^you bamt, and white \- youcan— espe(^ywhW^^^iU«Bwandconscienoe, aawell as natural ineUipo^Jfei^^^^duaibii. And so, my idear, ^^m^^m^M^S^ ried aseoon as they will let us, and ihen go off to Europe and have* real good time. J^|h^-*art*f^1fber1y- \- ' and alH*e inoney we^^^apB|r*»*?|»- ^^^ ? on-»in*-ttr%es xrbno^^^^^m;^^^^t ' .? '? were^*he»Witimmteof^^ S ? ??' ? .'? Aiidl^^b*8«^r^^Pr*i^!*:^^^'^ he. The daughter of a wealthy stockbroker, brought up to a grand house and carriages and fine clothes, she had never known the luxury of having money to spend nor the blessedness of being free to do exactly as she liked. She had to account for every sixpence entrusted to her, and if she wanted to stay at home from church she couldn't. The suggestion oi - « bust* *et her Ij^eyes^^gilrtf* % toanoysierpattyaad ^^l?!™^ w«*»uld*etiianted*ojm, , we ioigWatartlD^|fBjw^r ; orBhethoMAtBhedid. In point of IscOgiKl ggjlMPfcr of^felW^ett^W^^SS^^raE^ good tima,an Iwwe mwtoewat «wnn^H ii3§!iJ yonDgmBnd4»y««« »metoesdangerj^^ Mg&- tiiey came bade to HabMBjUmB , jflpB^M^Kpt^yawi;'; them oat with excess ol^olltt^fallBBaiott.; ?Slom^^» packed np iMwfeoutaeattii^-^?#^i^j^WBl Bustled to and from theishipMOK *iffiC6B» ?ad ]bon|t»n; Brad fihaws and Badarken, ji^liilaB%Jsp«^^«»^* ««s;anaby?the«i««f IFetaiwrf iftl^yrtiffnidBttrfr ' «ood^-j«s tbatsue supposed to «pnfdrt depcMaf ^y^f6**! ^aSlaKorihe plaioTtftTe their tearM handk«Aief« o&elaatr;^ ? ' '- ' ? '~ BOTtha cried a little on taking leave of her mother and ?Men. and she was twt sick and miserable all the way to 1 Adelaide. /UtOTtha^ateiflcikednp, recorCT«4appebt»and C 7: .?''-V ' ?''?-?? J: ''-^ '- ?' .-.'? '._'.- ' '- ? _ ~^ ??-?:'? spirits, found hewelf, admired and popular onboard, and enjoyed herself amazingly. She began to have her fling to feel that ahe was +' on the bust,' and that it was a jflqrionaCTperieooe. She and 'Will went off at €i-lomba, to take a ran to Kandy and the Peradenia Gardens ; and again at Puez, to aee the bazaars and mosques of Cairo, and jtbe Pyramids, and all tbe regulation lions of those parts; and at Venice they lsft the ship and revelled for a week in the charms of tbat Incomparable city before travelling leisurely up, through other wonderful cities, to Paris and London, all the time in a rapture of satisfaction with themselves and their most fortunate lot. In London they established them eelves in a comfortable hotel, went to eee everything, met troops of Australians whom they knew, and had the best of -good times. The finest English spring that had been known for years was theirs, and they made tbe most of it in every way that they could devise, while taking care not to miss a picture or a party or any sort of urban entertainment that offered opportunities to people making a business of happi ness,-8 they were. . - \- ' liet us not have to say that we misled a chance,' Bald Bertha, who had imbibed her husband's philosophy, and could no loDger think save with his thoughts. *' No/' said he; ' we'll take all we can get; and when we are tired of this we'll g» bade to the Continent.' But they did not go back to (he Continent ; they have sot gone yet. The cholfra broke out, and upset their plans. Neither of them would allow the preciona other one to be exposed to the faintest risk of catching it, thoueh* per sonally each was fearless. A time cape when they felt they had bad enough of London, and then they said they would travel no more for the present, but explore rural England in search of a pretty place' where they might make a home and rest awbtle. They had plenty of time before them, happy young creatures, and could go on the Continent just aa well next year. - . - - . Cuaptbr II. Towards the end of July, when Bertha first began to find time tor those long letters to her family which provided material for this story, she and her husband were taking a desultory driving tour through ' the shires' with the object aforesaid, and were enjoying the country air and scenes quite as much as they had enjoyed the wild whirl of the London season. Will had bought a buggy — the only vehicle he could find any comfort in — and a strong pafr of fast trotting hones; and with these they spun over the high* ways and through the brambly lanes, all alrnebythem selves»as unencumbered as a pair of birds upon the wing, the couple of temporary portmanteaus under the seat being no inconvenience to them whatever. On a certain slill and sultry evening they were approaching the village which was' the ultimate goal of their day's iqumey, and were talking of their autumn and winter plans. ? 'The cholera seems to havefaid hold,' raid Will. ' If it goes on as It is doing now, I doubt there'll be no Monte Carlo for us this year.'* They had designed to winter in the South ot France, with a special vie w to Monte Carlo. They did not want to gamble and dissipate; they had no desire to pour themselves down that ''sink of iniquity' into the place of loateouk that theologians tell ot ; they merely wanted to see the world Jwd tbe 'fun' — in the same* spirit that inspired them to go to the Healtheriea and to the conversazione of the Colonial institute. ' Never mind,' paid Bertha, cheerfully. ' There are plenty of other things that we can do. Why shouldn't we stay here, and have a thoroughly English Christmas— Buch as you used to have with your friends when you were at Harrow or Oxford?' ' Could you stand the cold P' 'If I could stand , anything. And English cold can't be worse than English heat, anyhow,' taking off her hat to fan herself with the brim. ' Suppose we could get a nice oountryjiouse— a^real good home, you know— we, might make up a pleasant party of the people we know, and have great fires, and hollv in the ball.and dances, and theatricals, - and skating, and a Christmas tree, and mistletoe, and a yule ' log— oh, it would be delicious ! I have wanted a real Eng lish Christmas all my life.' : vi'.Thenvyou shaU certainly -have 4t,'f said Will, with decklon. ' Look here now ; we won't get a cottage— we'll find some gentleman's seat that's to let- some old country place, full of carved oak and family portraits, and all that Jsortof thing, you know.. A place with, shootings to it. And we'll go and settle 'down there for a twelvemonth, and have some horses, and a carriage for you, and an establishment; and we'll ask alUthe nice Australians that are knocking about— they won't go into the cholera any more than we— and my old college chums, and do things in proper style, and have a rattling good time. There's no life in the world :«o chamingafe English country life, when you are regularly (in |t and iia^i got plenty of money ? ' . ' He pausea abruptly, for at that moment a torn in the road brought them face to face with a picture such as none of the London galleries had shown them— a picture before which they held their .breath in surprise and admiration that nothing but long-drawn 'ohs' could express. On either side of them were dense woods that had been growing thicker and darker as they talked, though the sun was still flooding the open spaces as brightly as before— the great branches almost meeting over their heads, and the green gloom of the undergrowth flushed with glorious masses of rhododendroDB ; and Just In front and below them stood vast gates guarded with fitonegrimns,and an ivy*olad|odge. within and oe;bnd whioh, sloping gently upward,etretchea a ^de, straight, grassy vista, green and smooth as a well-kept lawn, two or three jniles long, and three times as wide as en ordinary jHtfkavenue, bordered with the thick woods'on both aides, anp enclosed at the end by the stately turrets and -^chimneys of an extensive and impoeing house. Deerwnre browaing'on flu velvet award, thruehes were calling to each 4&er; frojm tree to tree, and partridges flying homeward to thartiestB in the green cornfields round about, startled by the sound of tbe horses1 hoofs. Will brought the buggy to a^standstfll, and Bertha gazed her fill, and then, drawing a long breath, wdBiRhmgly,' The very place!'' r i*'iilit VI responded her companion, also with a sigh. ' No such Jock as tiiat, mydear I' *AMkU* stretch lor a gallop over that lovelv grass ! Oh Will, what woods for you to snoot in ! They are preserved, of eourae— -they must be. What ferns and wfid flowers must grow there I Oh, look at those rhododendrons ! Ob, what a Paradise of a place ! I wonder— I wonder tsan it possibly ''Noneenee,' said WU1, giving the reins a shake. JBot before (hey had gone 60 yards further they met a laboaito imaging along, and asked him who owned that beautiful property which they had just passed, and they wwaidld ihat the fortunate-man was a Mr. Montfort, whose family had^elonged to 'them parts' since the days of the ^arjnan Conquest. Also that the property was called 'The ^Ghaaa/' *n aocou&Tof1; its »pecial^aiSfre,.4he three-mfle ^rawttriv&wTiiohtheArdTeTB;^edmlrrfM 'FamOyherenowr'inqtUredWJlI.caKleMly. -**WelliW» ih^re he^ina mariner of speaking. They liysorW wfij^TOreh6u8e-ittst before you oome into the ^niiijui tliK jiiiii ill lifiiiBir* as they call it. ' Such family as (t^,* -i»Saed ihe many with a little shake of the head: ^' only M-. Montfort and my lady now.*' i'AM^wjno lives at the Chase P' #-«l!oh«afe«rJ»fV-r; ' ' . .-.'????.-? 'Nobofly !' echoed Berths, breaking in. 'What, is it *»fiot«s I know ob, mum. And 't wouldn't bemuoh good if it wot; there's nobody would take it.' i \- ?»-)h,%ntt then?' cried tte y6nng lady, with irrepresd. llswdouT, which Will ventured to moflerateby laymghis JDanaiignuy on vsrs. - ? ? : ? . ? -^. ? - . .:??? - ; « What is the matter with it P' he inquired, in the cool times of ifae man who was not to he caught by appearanoes nor oarried away by impulse. 'Drains? Dry-rotP' The rostio4ooked -curiously at the lighUspoken young genllBnan ana scratched his head. 'I reckon you're a stranger in these|MrtB,«ren*tyou, sirf' . WUloonfotiBcdlh»t such was flie case. 'And you've never heard what's happened to the Chase *«Nots-wbi^* r 'Well, it's* long story,' said the man, mysteriously, 'and Idoubtif Tvegot time to tell yer all about it now.' But h« was evidently bursting to teQ it, all the same; 'Wevermtnd,' s.Id'Will, looking at hU watch. ' 1 see it is getting late; I won't detain you. The -village is close by, yon say? A mile and a-half ? Thank you— good *^ — ^ - evening. -Came along, Bertha; we'll put up here for a day or two and investigate this mystery. We shall find some old landlord or somebody who'll tell us the whole story while .we are waiting lor our -dinner.' And their light vehicle rattled off in the direction of the village, and pulled Up in front of the principal inn, almost before Hodge had left off staring after it. And there was a chatty hostess at the inn, who took Mrs. Ardley to her dimity-curtained bedchamber, and told her the story while she unpacked her portmanteau— at the same time that the host told it to Mr. Ardley in the stable-yard below. ' Ah, poor things !»' ssid the landlady ; ' 'twas a sad. sad job. The squire, he's got jrray and bent— aregolar broken down old man; and Lady Sarah she's been almost out of her mind over it. To this day she can't be spoke to without crying, and her nerves are that bad that the sound of a door banging nigh sends her into a fit. She shakes like an aspen leaf, ehe do, and she's afraid to be left alone for a moment, night or day. That's because of the frights she got, for she wasn't Mr. Edward's mother— Bhe was the second wife, and she and the poor voung man were never very good friends when he was alive; It was the frights that done it, and quite enough too. Oh, my daughter wfll tell you!— «he was houeemaid at the time, and ehe knows what it was. She's a strong girl, and ehe used to laugh et ghosts, but now she'd die before she'd go anigh that dreadful house after dark— and ehe turns as white as a sheet if you do but epeakofit.' ?'GhostB!' repeated Bertha, with intense interest. Was tbat all that was the matter with the Chase P Why, & ghost or two would be just the crowning charm of euch a house— the addition to the Christmas programme that would make it simply perfect. Thank heaven, it was neither drains nor dry-rot, nor any of thoBe practical drawbacks that Will would have objected to ; but only ghoste ! He, at any rate, was not going to be afraid of ghosts, nor she either. Why, they might get that lovely place for them selvep, after all! ' Do sit down end tell me all about it,' she pleaded, ' it you have a few minutes to spare. I should so like to hear.' ' And the landlady, unable to resist euch an invitation, sat down and talked until Will, haying heard all about it from her husband, and having seen his horses made comfortable for tbe night, came ufBtairs to attend to his evening toilet. Chapter III. ' It was just about this time last year, ma'am. Ah, well do I remember it!— my daughter Maria was confined with her second, and very bad she was, poor thing, we never thought she'd live through it; and the very same day my lady came to ask if I could Jet her have Eliza, as Jane Bar* nard was sent away in a Tmrry— they'd just found her out, 8nd she was packed off at a moment's notice, as you may say, and they were left without a housemaid. The family was living very economical, for the squire had had losses; and, big as the house was, they had only four servants -at that time— Jane, and the cook, and my lady's own maid, and Morgan the butler— though I've known the day when there was fifteen, besides the housekeeper. They said it was most of it Mr. Edward's doing, who was a dreadful reckless young gentleman, though so pleasant- spoken and nice — ah, dear cue, how nice he was ! ' Mrs. Wyndham,' he used to sty to me, just as familiar as 1 say it to you, ' you're look ing as blooming as a rose this morning.' And he'd come in ?and have his glass and craqk his joke, just as friendly as if he was one of ourselves. Dear, dear, to think it was only a year ago that he was here, alfve and well, and so strong and handsome !— and now be lies in the family vault, the -last Montfort of his line, with no one to come after him when tbe squire goes. For you can't reckon that poor little thing of Jane's as a Montfort, of course, Edward she's called it, but Edward Barnard he must be when be grows up— if he ever does grow up, which I-doubt. A poor little puny, weakly baby as you ever saw— and no wonder, when you think of all that's happened. Jane herself is going into a consump tion, as fast as she ean go— poor wretched girl t Little she thought what hergiddy, light ways was to lead to!' 'Oh, was that why Jane Barnard was Bent awayP' queried Bertha, with intent, grave eyes— already absorbed m the narrative. ' Yes, my dear, that was it. She never ought to have gone there, as I always said; she was too pretty to be a ser vant, especially when there was no housekeeper to look after her, and a young gentleman like Mr. Edward in the house. Her father ought to have kept her at home, and married her off safe to Jem Northoote, who wanted her, and would have made her a good steady husband. But no, she went to the Chase— and a bad flay It was for her and for everybody. Mr. Edward oame home soon afterwards— he had been losing a lot of money at races, they said— perhaps be had, I don't laiow— but he came home, and stayed the whole autumn. Indeed, he. stayed as long as he lived, poor fellow l He never went away any more.' : 4\. yes P' ejaculated Bertha; with .breathless interest. ' Well, he hadn't anything to amuse him much,'' pro ceeded Mrs. Wyndbam, who evidently regarded the pecca dilloes of the young man who had likened her to a rose with extreme indulgence; 'end there's no doubt poor Jane was a giddy little minx— six aC one and half-a-dozen o' the other, I'm very sure it was— as it mostly is in them cases, my dear, take my word for it. And eo it wasn't very long before there was things going on that shouldn't be ; and the upshot was that Jane disgraced herself, and was found out and pocked off out of the house, as I told you. My lady, who was in an awful way about it, came to tell me herself when ehe wanted Eliza to oome in Jane's place. Maria was juBt over her trouble, for it .was 4 o'clock in the afternoon, but I couldn't leave her; and Eliza was here with her father, attending to the house vf or me. Ill could I spare her at such a time ; bnt, of oourse, I couldn't refuse her to my lady. I had to let her go,'and keep running backwards and forwards night and -ay till Maria was better. Eliza had been parlourmaid at the Rectory, I must tell you, but ehe had had to leave on account of her mistress's temper. Bach a lady as Mrs. Braoebridge— to call herself a lady— I never did see; she tifinks nothing of throwing a book or a tumbler at you when she's put out.' «? And what about Jane P ' Inquired Mrs. Ardley, who f elt a reprehenstbly warm compassion, for the unfortunate girl, who had been too pretty to be a servant/and whom MrV Edward had ruined to amuse himself. ' - - ? 'Jane come home to her father,' said the landlady. ' She'd got no mother, poor thing. He was a blaoksmiffi, George Barnard, a dour, obstinate, bad-tempered man, that watalways quarrelling with everybody. They said he beat her, the people that heard her sobbing and crying that nfgbj, in his cottage down there by the forge ; but I flon't believe that. He was'awfuUy fond of her and proud of her —he thought no end of her— the only thing in the world he did cariTftbout. I never heard him give her a harsh word. No^biMvedJtall up for Mr. Edward. He said hbM kill himihe firsi;tune he came across him. There's plenty here can swear to having heard him say them very words— and dtdsweaf It when the timeoome^niy ownhuBband amongst them. And,'* adued Mrs. Wynuharo, solemnly, 'kill him hedid.' 'Ohi' cried Bertha, growing pale. 'NofcreallyP' 'Really and truly, ma'am— alas, that I should say it! Such a fine young man, and the last of the old Montfofto. And, after all, the temptation was thrown in his way, and young men will be young men. Yes, Barnard was as good as bis word. X don't believe it would have happened if Mr. Edward bad,been a real hard-hearted brute, like some of themare; but he was sorry for Jane, and would keep hanging about the place trying to comfort her. Instead of puddng off right away, as his friends wanted ::him'to. Anfl she,' poor UtHe fool, she couldn't keep away from himT ahe used to go creeping tip the chaw at night, under the trees, and meet him clandestine-uke. Eliza often, jsaw her, and s?oMed her for it; and when the winter oame ea,and«he was ill and weakly, she used to get Inside the house some how. There were whole wings empty and shut up that nobody everwent into, and there they used to meet and talk. Audit's often struck me that he was trying to find some wav of maldngit up to her, for she wasn't what you may call a bad girL and he really was sorry for her. I don't aee how he could have married her— he a Montfort and she only « blacksmith's daughter, Jand the family to in want of money too. His father would never have heard of it ; but he was certainly fond of her, and I believe he would have done the best he could. However, so it was. He stood by her, and it cosffiim his life; and she brought ircfiTuB, as one may say. She went up there one night— one winter nijrht it was, when it was raining in torrents— and her father caught sight of her and followed her. My own daughter saw her in the shrubbery at 9 o'clock and told her to go homo, and Abel Rowe met Barnard in the chase just afterwards ; they had to give that in evidence at tbe inquiry. Barnard tracked her like a bloodhound all the way up the chase and round the shrubberies, and into the bouse some bow, and np to that east wing where no one lived then, and no one ever goes now, until he came upon the two in an old chamber where they thought they were quite safe from everybody, poor young things. At least that is what is supposed happened. All that is really known is that they heard the girl shriek twice. The east wing was so far from that part of the lionse where the family lived that, even though they heard it, they did not know what it was, and thought it was an owl or something ; and in the morning old Morgan, who was uneasy about Mr. Edward, and went hunting about to look for him, found him lying on the floor in that room in the east wing— that same room— with his head battered in, and a blacksmith's hammer, all covered with bloid, close by him, dead and cold.'' Bertha listened in silence, too painfully impressed to speak; and the landlady wiped her eyes with the corner of her apron. *' They knew it was Barnard did it, for there was his hammer, and the marks of his muddy boots —indeed there was never any doubt about it ; but he was never brought to justice for the crime. He made off somewhere tbat night ; and though there's £1000 upon his head and the police have been hunting the world over, almost from that day to this, they have never managed to come upon his traoks. He had a little money of hie own, and that helped him to get away, no doubt It must have been eight or nine hours before they found Mr. Edward, and that was a long start. So there has never been any trial yet. I can find it in my heart to hope there never will be, for the poor girl's sake. She has done wrong, of course, but she has been punished enough tor it She was very fond of her father, too. It was wonderful howthey used to get on together, so different as they were.'' ' Where is she now F ' asked Bertha. 'She's here, ma'am. She lives in her old home by the forge— ehe and an old grandmother, who nursed her when ahe was sick and helps her to take care of the baby. She's half out of her wits, poor girl, since the murder. She's done nothing but wander about the chase, both before the family left and since ifs been empty. ' Night and day, wet and shine, she's been seen hanging about the grounds and looking up at the windows, fancying that Mr. Edward is still alive, and will come out to speak to her. Even when she was confined, she was like as if she couldn't rest in bed : before the week was out she filipt away unbeknown, and was found in a faint, right np the top of the Chase, with her baby in her arms, and cold winter weather too. Ifs wonderful it didn't kill her. Poor girl, she used to be so plump and pretty, and now she's nothing but a bag o' bones and as pale as a ghost. She'll not be long after Mr. Edward, I think.' Mrs. Ardley wiped away a tear, and inwardly determined that, if fate should make her temporary mistress of the Chase, she would look up poor Jane Barnard- and be kind to her. The mention of the word *' ghost ' reminded her to ask tor information upon an important point. ' And is it Mr. Edward Montfott's ghost that they think haunts the bouse P ' ' Think? ' said the landlady. ' A h, ma'am, of course you don't believe it, and, indeed, it's hard to believe, I own. But my Eliza, who'd die before she'd tell a lie, and who upen't to be afraid of anything, she's seen it with her owu eyes, gliding up and down the Btairs and along the east wine; oorridore ; and so has the other servants, and so has my lady herself; and they've heard the noises, night after night, till at last not a servant would stay in the house for love or money, and even my lady nearly went mad with fright and saip she couldn't stand it any longer. Morgan ' was the most disbelieving of them all ; but at hist he saw it too; end when he followed it up to the east wing, and there found every door and window shut and every room empty— not a sign of a living soul, and not a place where anything could have got out— why, then he left off scolding the others for being fools, and he was quite as ready to go to the dower house as the rest of them. They eay it's because of the family being so old and Mr. Edward the last of his line— and murdered. But, however that may be— for 1 assure you I'm not superstitious, ma'am, 1 ke come people— it's a fact, nevertheless, that his ghost is in that house, end has been ever since tbe night he died. And that's why the old place stands empty now, and no one, dares go nigh it. Or if it isn't his ghest,' concluded the land lady, rising hurriedly as Mr. Ardley appeared at the bed room door, ' it's something.' Chapter IV. ' Yes, if it isn't his ghost it's something,' repeated Will when he and Bertha were having their dinner and talking over the strange story they had heard. 'My opinion s that it's something— not his ghost.' ' Of course,' assented Bertha, whe knew nothing of modern theosophy and psychical research, and oarei less, being a robust and practical young person, with a very sober imagination. *' I think they must all be a little cracked.' 'H— m,' murmured Will. Be was thinking it over. ' Probably the horrors and excitements of the tragedy worked upon their, minds,' said Bertha. ' They thought so much of Mr. Edward and had always been so accustomed to associate murder with ghosts- you know they always are associated in all the tales we read and hear of —that they got the idea on their brains; and eo, looking for apparitions, naturally fancied they really saw them. I had a cousin who used to Bee ghosts often, and they found it was only because, she was sickening for brain fever.' 'I daresay that's the key to a good many mysteries,' said Wfll. 'But old Morgan the butler doesn't seem to have been a person likely to {suffer from disordered nerves I should Llike to get to the bottom of it— I must say I should.' * ' So should I, awfully,' responded Bertha, with fervour. And they atrreed that they would get to the bottom of it if they could. They determined to make their home at the Montfort Arms for the present^ and to find out whether the Ghase^supposingthey could rent it) was a house to live in, andif not why not When they had had their dinner they said they would go out for a stroll. Tne evening was dfilicwusi the sun shining in a blaze of glory, and a young moon beginning to brighten over the tree-tops. A little breezenad sprung up to cool the atmosphere; bats were beginning to come out, and cockchafers; and frogs were croaking in hidden pools, and ring-doves cooing in the dense woods around, the chase. Of oourse they walked to theChase; thrfrfeet turned in that direction by tacit con at the pkbs which, in spite of its evil reputation, had fascinated them so much, and which possibly mleht be their home some day. ? . ; And they had no difficulty in gratifying their desire. A fUegate at dwt noble entrance to the Chase proper which un*apwBtnted iteeff to their view opened easily when Wfll lifted the Iron latch; and tte tenant of the lodge, ap. parentiy a gamekeeper, readily granted them permission to walk! up to the house— if so be they felt indned^ He. teemed to wonder much that anyone should wish to go there, buthe did not wish to say so only, stood at his door for a !?'*3§ffiS*D *°°k after them as they went. And they took ttiBinMdfe of the graa« to keep in the cheerful light whieh' ^*WJ M&g.; »ud: put of the black ahadQas that bordered «ie vastavpnue on either side; and the* talkedtn undertoneswfttoBt knowing that they did eo.aMhaTtha «««-r*B7ttt enterprise on their minda, fhTbushesta right and left rustled as they paa^d ; twin tmuned? ooudrfng fmnsof desr rose, anS !££*[ SSSXti moment and disappeared; an oM went sailing overhead with its nolselees, downy, muffled wingi. 8 ^ English'!^* fweet!' **»- ^Bertha; 'how tnty ?* ^1*5* lottftlong walk np the Chaje, much loager tban it looked ; and when they neared theinner endosuwS gardenssumundiug the deserted mansion, night JhadSuM* come. The last red streak had gone fromthe Vestondr? and the moon was throwing their shadows brightiyclS *&d; gravel, and lighting np the kigh-|^ked Vblea; and aulhoned windows, «nd tall chimey tt»^ on ¥ hich they gazed in silent awe and boundless admiration. It was top j ideal haunted house. Ivy cloaked its ancient walls, and ] hung in ragged profusion from every projection of masonry; colossal balustrades showed their serried columns over porch and buttress and along the (desolate flagged terraces—the gray stone mossed and lichenei, and chipped ana crumbled, tufted with rank weeds 'of summer and strewn with the withered leaf-drift of a long-past autumn. .Armorial etields and supporters gleamed vaguely in the moonlight, and the blank casements had a rayless stare, like the open eyes of the dead. Bertha looked Dp at It with rapt face and a beating heart. „ ' ' Oh,' she sighed softly, '' isn't it jnst sweet ? I have seen the very image of it in an old number of the Illustrated London J\cws. It is everything that a haunted house should be. except that it wants a moat. I don't see the moat, Will.' ' If you did,' said Will, ' that's all you would see. I'd not let you live in a place where there was stagnant water, with hundreds of years of nastineeein it, jnst under your windows. Might as well be in the cholera at once.' He was looking around him with a keen and comprehensive glance, ?wondering how much it would cost to put this old mansion and its wilderness of a garden into habitable repair. ' Surely it can't have gone to rack end ruin like this in the few months since the Montfoits lett it.' he paid; 'they must have neglected it dreadfully for a long time. That's the way with these old families ; they can't afford to keep a place decent themselves, and they won't let it to people that will. Why, a good tenant for a few yean would pay them in improvements alone. Hullo! What's the matter r'. Bertha had suddenly clutched his arm, and was staring up at the house with open mouth and eyes. ' Look ! ' she whispered ;' oh, look !' He looted hurriedly hither and thither, not knowing what she meant. 'Hey? Where P I don't see anything.' ' It's gone,' fihe whispered ; ' but I saw it quite plainly. Will, I really did seeit'-aligh^ a light like a candle juet fit and blown out again, in that great bay window up there. Look, that window at the end of the wing ; perhapB we shall see it again.' They looked steadily for several minutes, and saw no light except the moonlight, which was growing very clear and brigbt. Will laughed, and said she was ' catching the complaint ; ' the local superstition was affecting even her imagination. But Bertha's imagination never took freaks of that kind, end she was perfectly free from fright and nervousness at this moment, only profoundly puzzled. « You may disbelieve me, if you like.' she said ; ' but I em ready to swear that I saw a light in that window, though it was gone almost in the same instant.' And Will could not disbelieve her. ' You are sum you saw it f ' he urged anxiously. ' As sure as 1 am that I am standing here,' she main tained firmly. Will was silent, staring up at the window. ' Is that the east wing, I wonder?' eaid he, presently. 'Let's see, bow's tb.3 compass? Yes, that's the east— of course, that's the part of the house that is haunted. Then I'll tell you what it is, Bertha— if yon really did see a light, it's evidently not a ghost that lives up there. My belief is that it's a nest of thieves that have got possession of the place, taking advantage of some silly servant-girl's notion that she saw Edward Montfort's ghost, and making capital of it for their own purposes— trading on the credulity of these supersti tiouB old-world folks, who will believe anything. That would explain it all.' ' Oh, Will ! ' Bertha was not afraid of ghosts, but she was afraid of robbers and burglars.' Oh, Will, if it should be that! Oh, my dear, come away— don't let us stay here any longer ! They might-see us, and you are unarmed— we should be helpless, at their mercy. Oh, do let us get back to the village as fast as we can ! * And they turned to hurry away, Bertha leading. They were inside the gardens, having climbed a low wall to get in, the rusty gates being locked; and fo return they had to follow a path through nigh and wild-grown shrubberies where tho shadows almost closed over their heads. Here they heard a rustle aad a movement as of some living thisg moving, and Bertha started and almost soreamed as ehe clung to her husband— really frightened at last. ' Who's there P ' he called, sharply. No answer. No sound. ' Who's that ? ' be repeated, in a still louder tone. They listened with all their ears, but they heard nothing. ♦'It is only a rabbit, or perhaps one of the deer out of the woods,' said Will, soothingly. ' Why, child, I never knew you to be nervous before.' ' Oh, I &m; not nervous— not for myself,' she replied, valiantly. And then they hurried on through the tangled bashes, tumbled over the garden wall with no regard for graceful attitudes or the integrity of ekirtB and trousers, and trotted down the long and lonely Chase, and home to the Montfort Arms and their own cheerful sitting-room, as fast as their legs could carry them. ' They told Mrs. Wyndham, who met them with hospit able smiles of welcome, where they bad been and what they bad seen, or, rather, what Bertha had seea ; and the land lady was not at all surprised. # ' Ah,' the said, ' many 'a the one has seen that light, just fining for a moment, and then out again. That's why nobodv goes anigh the place after dark. If I'd known you'd' thought of going there, I'd have warned you. You'd better give the lady a drop of Bpirits, rir .; she's quite pale arid upset.' ...... '? Oh, indeed I am not, thank you,' said Bertha, who, now that she was at home again, had shaken off her terrors- and ?was ashamed of them. ' It takes more than that to upset me.' And then Will began to expound his views. * ' Doa't you see, my good woman, that H'b living people, and not ghosts, £b*t light candles in empty houses at night. Why, the whole rb jng i'b as dear as day ! There's a nest of thieves up'+here at the Chase; that's the secret of the matter,' &o;, Mrs. Wyndbam heard him out ; with a serene and patient smile. When he had done, she said softly, *? Oh, no,. sir, other people thought of that, of course, long before you did : the police thought of it, And ell the home has been pearcheS, immediately after the light was seen, over and over again. And nothing haa ever been found.but what was left there- not a trace of living creature except the rats and mice. That big window is at the end of along gallery that's empty,except f pra few old pictures, and looked §p so fhat nobody pan get out or w.' j (JJJ4FTER V. Bertha persuaded herself that she eotua not have seen the. candle in the window after ail-that it must have been an optical delusion, or a glow-worm, or a firefly, or tome will o'-the-wisp or other; that the incident, though inexplie ableat present^ would explain itself whenfuuvBearchel into, and that, at any rate, it waano supernatural appearance. Thetheory of Mr/Edward's ghcisfllghtlng ito wayabout the ancestral halls was scouted by them bath, of oourw, espe cially when the next morning came;, by which time they were more strong in their determination to investigate the mystery than ever. After breakfast Will went to the dower house—an erutt-« , eratic-looking ornamental cettage on the outskirts of the village— to call upon Mr. Montfort. He came book in high glee about two hours afterwards, with the taysof the family ; mansion in his pocket, sad carte blanche from the pro-* prietorto go where he liked. ...... 'A fine, courteous, stately old gentleman,' said Will; 'and happily he knew who I was from «he Tyrrells. Bob Tyrrell had written to the rector here that I was likely to b/-n the neighbourhood. Mrs. Bracebridge was a Miss TvrreU 8o that was all right. We had quite a long talk, and I told htm-it wasn't very discreet, perhaps, but I did— that we had fallen in love with the Chase, and I sounded Jlim about lettingit' § . ^ ' And will he let it? ' demanded Bertha eagerly. ' Ob, -won't he ? Be pretends to shake his old head, as jf he couldn't think of fnwh a thing, bu^fte same he rose at my first hint like a trout at an alder fly- 1 could see it in a moment, with half an eye. HeoractoditiiKsaiditwas dVand Bound, dralnageperfect, ahoo&ft; firsthand all that Of course he wants money, and if he knows any thing about roe he knows Pm dBh-W*w*rilt.djgi*'» distinction, I fear; audhtfd blew anybody&at; would clear but that old place, and patch it up, and «*tit going fxabj, Jl should think, At fin* he never said a worn wont goosts. I It was too expensive to keep up— too full of melancholy I associations after his eon's death— Lady Sarah took a dislike I to it, and so on. But before I came away his conscience seemed to prick him, and he said he felt it only right to tell me that things were - said— ahem— I should hear strange stories in the village, &c; I told him 1 had heard them already, and they wouldn't impair the value of the property to me. You should have seen hU face, how it brightened and cleared. 'But your wife,' he said, * she ought not to be alarmed.7 He was really quite anxious about yon, Bertha, and could hardly believe me when I tojd him that you took no more notice of suoh nonsense than I did. He had a look which seemed to say he thought I was rather ignorant, both in the matter of women and of ghosts. But he was very pleasant and polite. He proposed to take us over the house himself, but 1 begged off that ; it would have spoiled all the fun, you know. And then he offered his butler, the redoubtable Morgan ; but I had seen his old vinegar face, and didn't feel inclined to have him as an escort either. I compromised by asking Mr. Monfort if he would object to my taking a constable. I thought that would be a good precaution on my own behalf and eleo a guarantee for him that I shouldn't run off with anv of the heirlooms they may have got up there, you know. And he seemed to think it a good idea, aad told me to * mention his name' to the constable/ whom 1 should find a very decent fellow and ready to serve me in any way.™ ' And have you got the constable?' cried Bertha, who was flying about after her hat and gloves in a state of great excitement. 'Acdcanwe really go now f' . ' Whenever you like,' said Will. ' I left him just starting off ; be will meet us there. Let us ask the land lady to put us up some sherry and sandwiches, and then we needn't come back to lunch. It will take a long time to do the old place thoroughly.' Mrs. Wyndham, to whom their programme was submitted as to a confidential friend, and who was intensely sympa thetic and interested, readily furnished a little basket with all the materials for a substantial meal ; and the young pair set off on their expedition. ' You'll never live under that roof,' were the landlady's parting words. ' And if you do, you'll never get a servant to live there with you.' 'Won't we?' retorted Bertha, with an airy wave of tbe hand, as she stopped out on to tbe hot road in her cool white dress, and opened a capacious parasol ; 'you will see. Come along, Will. Advance, Australia !' ?? Yes ; we'll be the advance guard.' said WilL ?? We'll go and rout the ghosts out; it wont take long, I fancy. And when we can prove that they're gone we shall get as many servants as we want. Never fear.' The landlady smiled and sighed, and went 'indoors. And Mr. and Mrs. Ardley trotted off to the chase in a mood of cheerful confidence and hope. Bertha was no longer, ner vous, and both were more in love with the haunted house, than ever, though Will did not consider his theory of the nest of thieves absolutely disproved as yet, and therefore made his first inspection with (unknown to his wife) a neat little *? six-shooter' in his breast-pocket ? The gray old pile looked uncommonly gray in the golden sunshine of that July morning, but it was even more pic turesque and imposing to the eye than it had been in the moonlight of the night before. Moonlight, as Bertha said, made everything look ' sweet ;' the uncompromising and discriminating daylight was the only thing to trust to. And here, in the daylight, the Montfort honseshowed all its mas sive strength ana beautiful detail of noble architecture, proved beyond a doubt that, forlorn and decayed and neglected as it was, it was a 'seat' for its old family and the county to be proud of, and for archaeologists to rave about, and for bran-new young Australians (with money) to covet and secure at any cost. ' Oh,' sighed Bertha, ' it is fit for a duke.! if only it was trimmed and weeded and cleared np a bit. Oh, if we could come and live here and make it Bice ! we would have it photographed to send to all oar people and show them, what an English home was like. But I am afraid it is too grand,' she added regretfully ;'u' it would cost suoh a ter rible lot of money,' . ?? I don't think so.' said Will. ' It would be worth old Montforf s while to he reasonable.' He was looking over the lawns and gardens with eager eyes; *' Half a dozen men turned in for a week or two wo*ld*xnake a wonderful difference. 'T isn't half so bad as I thought it was. Come and let's look inside, Bertha. If it's anything like ? ' He summoned tbe constable, who was prowling about like a terrier sniffing round a rathole, and touched his breast pocket; and then he produced bis bunch of heavy keys, and gravely fitted one of them into an iron-bolted oak door. Tbe house inside was spacious, chilly, silent, dark, and inconceivably fusty ; these were weir first impressions of it. Then by degrees they discovered that it was a perfect museum of priceless antiquities (like other educated Aus tralians of these daye, they bad the more or less instructed cesthetio notions and knew {a work of art when they saw it, its age and its history, pretty nearly as well as most people) ; and they almost forgot the ghosts and the lighted window in their enthnsiam for the more material characteristics of the place. There were shining oak floors and panelled walls, and carved oak staircates, and wonderful heraldic mantelpieces and crossbeamed ceflings; there, were old hangings of once gilded leather and once storied arras, and precious, tapestries in hope less rags; there were Jacobean settles and presses, chests and tables, that might have been battt there —remnants of ancestral furniture that were too solid to wear out or to be taken away. And there were pictures stilt em bedded in the woodwork of tbe thick walls, and there were discs and shields of painted glass in the diamond-latticed windows; everywhere tokens of a. splendour and grandeur that had been, but would be no more. 11 Where are the chairs and sofas and things, I wonder P' inquired Bertha, anxiously; for Mrs. Wyndham had told her how beautiful were the appointments of the house when Bliza was- there. ' Well, you see, miss,' said the constable— he would call Bertha ' mist'—' as no one would live in the place to take care of it, the furniture had to be removed for safety, all except the things that are fixtures like and what nobody, would want to steal. Some are at the dower house, and some are warehoused, and some are sold ; they say the old things fetched a lot of money hi London, and the older they were the better they sold.' « Of course,' said Bertha^nodding wisely. 'I only wish I had been there to buy some of them. I wonder if they would let us have the rest to use, Will ? If .not, the cost of furnishing would be awful— simply awful— for such a short time as we would want to stay.' ** Oh.' returned Will, easily, ' there are more ways than one pf famishing. I daresay we can arrange all (hat.' -He was rapidly making up his mind to be Mr. Montforf s tenant. They wandered np and down the echoing stairsand corridor*, in and out of the endless rooms— everywhere keeping a sharp lookout for signs of recent occupation, and nowhere finding-any— until they came at last to the east wing, the chamber where Mr. Edward had been murdered andifce gallery withjths hay window where Bertha had seen Hie light ~ ?*«.?«.''_ *These two apartments were contiguous and both empty, lave Tor five pictures in the larger one, all embedded in shallow recesses sunk in the oak-panelled walls. The paintings were very old and very dark ; it was very diffioult .to trace either outline or colour In any of them, and they seemed all much alike, as if intended to form a series. The viBifors«]anced at them and then passed them over; but Will went Tound and round tbe walls, rapping sharply on ?every panel, and standing 'stall to listen to the sound, which died immediately without any hint of inward echo. «« Ah, sir,' said the constable, 'we've all done that There's nothing there ; it's as solid as a rook.' ',*Fon my word, i& irery queer,' said Will. The small room, which had been a half -dismantled, unused sitting-room at the time of the young heir's death, smelt so- dose when the door was opened that Bertha could not breathe the air, and torned away with her scented hand kerchief to her nose; the window of this was fastened and the latch bo stiff that they could not open it The door— the only door— leading into the gaQery was locked, and Will opened it with a key that Mr. Montfort had given him. Tbe lock was a little stiff and the key was rusty. They tried two casements .in different compartments of the big window, and one opened easily and one (across which ivy had crown) did not' Within this long chamber the air was combatively light and fresh. Itwasabeautifuuypropf* tionearopm l«here was anotherUke it in the west wing, where the family had lived, which they had used for a drawing room), its chief be»ty being the great muffiousd window' projecting from tot endj and Bertha raoarked, as the looked up and down its length and breadth; that it would be lovely to dance in. Also that it would make a simply glorious bedroom. ?'.... ' Weu,' said Wfll, with a stem air of resolve, ' I fiha.ll make it u-y bedroom for a -night or two. This is tho haunted room, and I'm determined fo put a stop to its being haunted. So there.' Bertha looked at him with ineffable love and pride. ' Not without me,' she said solemnly. ' If yon come here to-night 1 come with you.' ' We'il die together,' rejoined Will, mocking her. ' 1 don't think there's much to fear, little one. - You needn't lose your colour over it.' Chaptee VI. Will was quite clear, he said, that this was the best tiling to do. Until he was satisfied in bis own mind that nothing was wrong with the place, he would not like to open negotia tions for it; and until he had given striking proof to the superstitions village that there was nothing to be afraid of, he would be pnt to great inconvenience for want of servants and workmen whenever their assistance should be needed. And, being impatient to settle his plans one way or another, he said he would begin that very night. In various parts of the house there were, in addition to the immovable structures so called (which must have weighed tons, the cor nices being lost in the shadows of the high ceilings), bed steads that would take to pieces or fold up, and were capable of being conveyed from place to place. There were also some piles of mattresses—dusty, but otherwise dry and wholesome-looking — stored in some of the upper rooms. ' It willbeeasytouxupa bed,' he said, 'and we ran bring what else we want in the buggy, with some feed for the horses ; we shall find the trap useful up and down that interminable chase. |If I lock the door inside and turn the key bo that no one can put another into it on the other side, and if 1 keep a revolver handy, I don't see how I can come to much harm. I'm ready to chance it, anyhow.' But he was very unwilling that Bertha should share bis vigil. It would be rough and uncomfortable ; it would be lonesome and eerie ; she wonld be frightened again, as she was last night, and perhaps ten times worse. To which Bertha replied that what was fit for him was fit for her, and that she should be far more frightened for him if he were alone than it was possible for her to be under any circum- - stances while they were together. In short, she put her foot down, and Will gave in. He was, perhaps, the more ready to give in after he fourd that Ihe constable was decidedly reluctant to take a leading part in the enterprise. The man seemed to think that if he stayed near the house, with a special eye on the east wing and with Abel Bowe (the gamekeeper, who lived at the lodge) to keep him company, he would be doing all'that tbe most exacting person, even though backed by the authority of Mr. Montfort, could reasonably expect of him. ' All right/' said Will. ' I'll not try to persuade you. If you and Bowe will prowl the garden, it will be a satis faction to me — if I f honid have Mrs. Ardley here—' ' Of course you will have me here,' interposed Bertha. ' And I will make it worth your, while,' concluded her husband, ignoring the interruption. ' You can tell Bowe I will pay him well for hie trouble.' And so itwas settled.. Then and therethey carried a folding bedstead to the haunted room, and set it up. Its head was placed against a panel between tbe fireplace and one of the pictures, so that the door would be at its oceupante' right hand, the window much further off at their left, and before them the long wall which in part adjoined the main block of the building and which was blank save for three of the bier, dark pictures placed equidistant -from each other in a row. The chimnBypieoe, by the way, was a sloe example of sixteenth-century woodwork, Its ornamentation reaching from floor to ceiling, end in its beauty and solidity of finish putting the modern overmantel of Bertha's acquaintance to ridicule and shame.. The hearth was wide and 'the shaft spacious, giving ajar-off view of a little diso ot blue sky. The most casual inspection showed the impossibility of any living fixing, save swallows perhaps, being harboured there. Will and the constable dragged in mattresses,' a table, an oaken stool, and various odds and ends of bedroom furniture that they found indifferent places, which being done they had their lunch, (it was now nearly 3 o'clock), took another look round, locked all the doors,- and left to make their further preparations for the night. At the lodge they interviewed Abel Bowe, who happened to be at home; and having secured his good-will and ser vices they separated for.anhonr or two. Theconstable and the gamekeeper went after their several duties : Will to the dower house to get an extension of authority from the squire, and Bertha, to (he inn whioh was her temporary home to rest and refresh herself with a change of garments and a cup of tea. ?/?? * ' ?-. .'? .1 V On arriving at the 'Montfort Arms, she found visiting cards in her sitting-room. ' My lady*' herself had been to call, and also the high-spirited Mrs. Bracebridge, attended by the rector, her husband. The former illustrious per sonage had not been gone more than teuMmnutes, and Mrs. Wyndham was terribly dif tressed over the misfortune which had befallen her guest in having missed so great an honour and pleasure that might have been here. ' The first time that my lady has been known to go any where, except to church and the rectory, since Mr. Edward's death!' exclaimed she ; ' and now for her to have oome for nothing I Ob, dear, dear, I wouldn't have had it happen for any money!' - ? ? - Beriha expressed regret and contrition, as those senti ments appeared to be expected of her; but was not at all sony in ner heart She was hot and tired ; she had a great deal to think of and todo. ; the wantedan interval of relaxa - tion and rest. ' If I might have a bath,' ehe pleaded eoaxingly, 'and then a cup of your nice tea—' And the landlady ^flew to give her orders. She had been attentive from the first, hut she was' doubly attentive now. ' . ? - . :.' '-???' ?'. ' A little later tiie young lady was Ijiog stretched on a sofa, robed in alacyteagownand witha cap on a chair beside her, when Mrs. Wyndham tapped at the door. 'Really, ma'am,' eaid shv'M'm very sorry 4o disturb you, but here's another visitor for you now. And who do you think it is? Bather barefaced I call it; but she's so anxious, and I may say determined, to eee you that she won't be said nay. I told her yon was bnt just come in and was lying down, and I thought you didn't wish to be disturbed, and L wanted her to give me a message, but she wouldn't ? ;' 'Who is it?' inquired Bertha, mechanically polling down her rumpled sleeves and rising hurriedly from her easy attitude. . . ' That unfortunate Jane, ma'am— Jane Barnard and her child. She might have had the decency to leave that at home, at any rate.' ' ?. ' ' ' 'Oh, poor soul! tell her to oome in,' said Bertha; 'certainly.' Mrs. Wyndham looked over her shoulder, and made a .beckoning morion with her head. 'You may come in,' she called loudly, in a severe tone. ' The lady says shell seeyou.' ; , And Jane Barnard, the instrument of wreck and ruin to the Montfort house, came in, carrying a small, frail, white faced baby in her arms.. Chaptbb VII. Berth* looked at her visitor shyly, bnt with intense interest, as she entered the room. Her first natural woman's impulse was to discover what beauty, existed, or had existed, to justify and account for the great and fatal influence that flue unfortunate girl had possessed. And one glance satisfied her oh that score. Jane Barnard was a worn and pallid and shabby creature now, without a good feature in her face; bulshehad a soft and winning pathos in her dark eyes, and a dainty curlat the corners of her lips, and the shadow of a coquettish dimple, which all hinted at the enormous difference that health and happinets might have made in her. Physically, /she was neither coarse nor ' common,' but singularly ladylike and refined— too refined for a servant and a blacksmith's daughter— quite unfit, as Mrs. Wyndbamhad said, to goto the chase as the did, ' with no housekeeper to look after her, and a young man like Mr. Edward in the house.' ? Mrs. Wyndham -seemed inclined, to constitute benelf tbe girl's chaperon on this her /first appearance before the pot bible future mistress of ihe. great fcohse. ' This is Jane; ma'am,' she said, standing at ease beside her. 'Now, Jane, tell Mrs. Ardley what you want, there is a good soul ; 'twill be herdinner-tiine directly.' 'Don't hurry her,' said Bertha, 'there is plenty of ^ time. Perhaps you will be bo good ss to send in some more * tea, Mrs. Wyndbam f She loots so tford— it i« so hot— I think she will be glad of a cup afterher walk.' _ By which device the landlady (astonished and displeased, but charitably supposing that Australians knew no better) was got rid of ; and Jane's face acknowledged the kindness shown her by a quick blush and a rush of tears to her worn and hollaw eyes. She was very weak and ill apparently ; she could not control her nerves when they were touched by a sympathetic look or tone. She sat down, trembling ; tried to speak, and began to cough distressingly, holding her handkerchief to her month. '' ?' You have a very bad cold,' said Bertha. ' There fs nothing like this very hot weather for giving people colds. Sit down and rest yourself — here, out of the draught Is this your baby ? Poor little mite, it doesn't seem very strong. Let me have him — I am so fond of babies.' Bertha was young and had seen little trouble in her short life : but ehe had a warm heart and that natural, kindly tact which comes without any teaching to some people. Jane knew at once that the poor baby's history was no secret to Mrs. Wyndfaom's guest, and in the same instant saw that if was notthereforedespisedandcontemned, norshceither. She kid it in the lady's outstretched arms, kit Ring its small face passionately as she did so. 'My pretty one,' ehe murmured, with maternal anguish inher.voioe. ' No, indeed, be is not strong, ma'am?; but how can you wonder ? He has never had a chance from the first. It's dreadful to see him wasting day by day, like this. God knows I can't wish him to live ; but I can't bear to think that he may feel bad and have pain as we do when we're ill; and he does fret so sometimes! If he could bo taken quickly in his sleep some night— before I have to die and leave hint—' . . - .' Oh, don't think of such things/' interrupted Bertha, dashing her band across her eyes. ''You will get strong presently, and so will he. My mother has had a great many children, and she always says she behoves in the email babies. You mustn't despair, you know. Better*times will come Fome day ; troubles don't last for ever. The great thing is to try — not to let yourself give up. You sre quite a young girl yet; why, you can't be much older than I am.' ' Nineteen, ma'am,' said Jane. ' Nineteen ! I'm nearly 22. But illness makes you look older than you- we. If you were to try to cheer up and to take oare of yourself '—a sudden recollection occurred to her — ' and not take long walks in aU sorts of weathers.' The girl's face changed in such a. manner that Mrs. Ardley stopped and blushed at her own want of tact. ' I mean, if you stayed at home and nursed yourself more,'* she stammered, ** you would have a better chance of getting rid of that cough, and- ? ' ' Ma'am, who told you I took long walks in all sorts of weathers ?' interrupted Jane, with Hl-Buppreased eagerness ; and it was evident that she held her breath for the answer. The intent and startled look in her eyes reminded Bertha that she was thought to have gone ' half out of her. wits' with her many troubles. 'Well, Mrs. Wyndham waB talking of you, and ehe said you had a fancy for going there— where you used to live, you know— oh, my poor girl, I ought not to have reminded you of that! And I understand— it is like visiting his grave. Don't think I blaroa you for grieving over him, although it was all so sad and dreadful— it is only natural. But'— as Jane sobbed hys terically, listening and understanding' what was meant — '* you know it does no good to keep dwelling on it in this way. Poor, fellow, he Is happy in Heaven new, no doubt ; think of that, Jane, and don't go wandering about up ihere again, as if he could possibly have anything to do with his old home now, and especially not at night ' It is enough to kill you, in this treacherous climate, and so delicate as you are, And perhaps that is what makes the baby so weakly too.' . MOh, I never take him,' said Jane, quickij. , ?'But if you make- yourself ill, ef course he suffers ~ forit.' ?--;?_. ' '« I don't nurse him either, ma'am. I never had anything forhim.' -..-.* B ' But then you must leave him to strangers. And he doesn't look fit to be left/' ? - '?? ' Grandmother takes oare of him. She is very good to us both.' Then the girl put out her hands impulsively, and almost snatched -the baby to her breast ' Oh, my precious,' she murmured, as ehe covered his little face with her own, 'never would I let you out of my sight for a moment, night or day, -if X could help it!' 'Well, you must try to help It,' said Bertha encourag. ' ingiy. 'Don't cry now; just do your best to cheer up, and take care of yourself, and get well, and get him wetl and things wfll brighten for you some day. Perhaps I may be staying here for a while ; if .1 do you must look on me as4 friend. I'm sure - I'd be glad : to help you, if I could, you poor thing:' Her cheery voice quavered as she spoke, and Jane made an effort to express inexpressible gratitude ; with the result that nature overpowered convention, and the young .matron and the blacksmith's daughter— without in the least meaning to do jb— kissed each other. Happily the landlady was not there to be scandalised by the sight . ' Ah, ma'am, if I could make a friend of you 1—-H I dared to tell you all my troubles! But I must not; there is no one that lean speak to about the things that are killing me,' cried Jane Barnard, still clinging to Bertha's hand. There was a wildness tn her speech and , manner that mada Mrs. Ardley regret her impulsive hiss ; it bad touched deep springs of passion that should have been left alone. '»« There, there,' she said, ' don't say any more about it It is too much for you; it will make you ill.' She stroked - the girT* shoulder soothingly, and wondered when tbe tea would oome. Opportunely the door opened, and a disdainful * domestic appeared with the tray. Mrs. Ardley took it with her own hands, and Bhnt the door hastily.. 'Now yon shall have a cup of tea,' she said, bnBtltng to pour it out '-nd then you will feel better. And when you feel better you shall tell me why It was you came to see me this after* noon.' ????.' ' ?.'''?. '.- . - The consumption of the tea, and the giving of some sulk and a sopped biscuit to the baby, had a tranquiUifiing effect By* and- bye, Jane said she felt better, and was able to state her errand. ' ' ' 'They tell me, ma'am, that you are thinking of taking me Chase from Mr. Montfor)tP'f. V^ '?'? 'Oh, I don't know about that yet,' replied Bertha. ; ' We mighfrand we mightn't. It all depends.' ; - : ' And they say you are thinking of sleeping up (here fo* night, ma'am-aipugh I can't believe it^* ??-?. .'???, 'Now who «ould have told ywHtoatPV cried Mr». Ardley, with e-c disconcerted stare. : Wfll .bad impressed upon her, as upon theconstable »M the gamekeeper, that the perfect success of - their experiment would depend on ite being kept as secret as possible— not «lblabbed*allov« the place,' as he expressed It, for the benefit of: thieves, if there were any, or other interested parties. Even tbe Montfort Arms was not yet aware that the buggy, together with bedclothes and provender, would he required at nightfall. . - '(You are not going to do that, rarely ? ' Jane Barnard urged, with what seemed unnecessary .eagBrness. « I conldn't say, I'm sure, ' replied Bertha, embarras sed. 'Why do you ask?' . -^ ' Oh, ma' am, don't, don't, don't; for Heaven's sake! I couldn't believe it, but still I was obliged to oome up and warn you— for you'j-o a siwajser; you don't know -Out dreadful house and all that's in it. I speak as a friend ma'am. I came hereon purpose; if you spend anight under that roof you'll roe it— you'll he like my Lady, you'll never get over it as long as you live.' ?.-- ???-.. Bertha turned a little pale. 4I Now you mustn't tell ma all that, and not tell me why,» » she eaid, aendbly. ' If vou come as a friend, and know so mucb, you must explain what it is— I his thing that we hear so much of. Ah, hen cornea my husband'— looking from the window. 'You shall tell him all about it.' . . : But at the mention of Mr. Ardley^ Jane Barnard turned and fled. ' I can tellfyou no more, ma'aift-HNuy don't you go there! 'ehe repeated. Anders Will entered the house, she was away on the hot high road and almost out of sight. She would not be detained, though Bertha did her best to detain her. . ? ^ ,????? . {To ie Qontfruti in our next.) 