The Desperado and the Puritan. Anour the year 1851 the most influential man in San Antonia was an alleged desperado named Bob Augustine. Bob came to San Antonio with a fearful record. He enjoyed the reputation of having killed a dozen or so of men, and was respected aooordingly. While he was in San Antonia he did not re duce the census at all, but that was not his fault. He had a seductive way of drawing his eighteen-inch Arkansas tootipieh and ex amining it eritically with a sinister smile while humbly requesting the temporary loan of $5. Thus was it that Bob went about At u he e alhg eda i sbnd b was ng man from Bonto an do came to Sen nt o;presumebr1is of health, as he brought very little weitlsm He was far gone in consumption, ari?d? but tbefact thathe hadbut a short timeo live, unless the climate of western .Tel: saved him, induoed him-'to some to Antonio. As everybody carried a Winthrop did not care to insalt aency by going unarmed. Beide s ea course might as seriously inte1 s -ree restoration to health as putting aon a el.en shirt. .. ois Puritan training causned adm to at the idea of carrying fiemse, go sorted to artifice. te wore a holater,' instead of keeping a pistol in it, hel hI cash funds stored away in it, Sn oibbtrjs was the wiser for it. On the contrar, throp was looked up to by the bes just the same as if he was loaded dOq ' deadly weapons. Of course, everybody to make the stranger from'"Masesa'ee as comfortable as it he asoat hogin was told all about Bob Audgstine, the ranged roarer, at least ten times ad he was advised not to be partielarin security for the debt inase the roarer to borrow a small loan, unlessnel did not wish to-regain his?ealth,'A.? ._ The long-ranged roarer eanite& Winthrop's room at the hote,..]Ji desperado could open his mintior weapon the unfortunate ? a~'. his coat, andwith ireasbl'gf his pistol holster to get at his min pease the would-be as"assie 0 hand, as soon as the roarerea trying to get out his pistol he as a ghost. The alleged despera knocked together, theioold sweat boiled over him, and he extended his besi trembnligy: . , "Don't draw, good Mr. a ui only trying to fool y6u. My bolid heart beat for ymon, ty boy. I ~t to teach you a lesson. ever" galoot get the drop oti:' 1"; sults you just tell them that Bob the roarer, is your friend." Winthrop, who was more re eible, than the roarer, re led : ..: "Oh,. I'll give you sohatw"oo kepi on tugging at the ter nbuockled. SWith a'ysll of dimea,4e out through 0trL winnow, 4rrLng ash, and ran Aow t iodoce principal thoroughar, With beag neck, howling,? ,, Pbli? , pcsed by Winthrop; why i gr at:hieholeler, trying ogst.ost Ii si believing that the desie do aaa his roqm to procuroes ehot-gsu to~ommit murder. All that-a throp kept on hunting the roa er, ohase'peace on any terms, and th himself t avoid'the piplst ol man. Next morning th g nge of the Oalaveras ayo n was r sia Winthrop waet theIlloa e th ' nun off the terror of the;lam 